BDSM Library - Avatar - Establishment, Book 2




Avatar - Establishment, Book 2
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a continuation of the first Avatar Book and picks up directly where the other one left off.
Avatar 2

Chapter 1

   	Ken was getting ready to go to the dojo when Jane dropped a quiet sort
of bomb in his lap.
     
     	 "Master," she said, "would it be okay if I got a gun?"
     
      	Ken froze for a second, then turned toward her.  Her blue eyes were
pools of innocence, which usually meant she was up to something.
     
      	"Is it something I did?" he asked, joking.
     
      	She grinned and said, "Of course not, Master."  She grew serious and
said, "Mistress has said that part of what our job is, is the protection of her
followers.  Since I'm a High Priestess, I thought it would be a good thing to
learn what I can about fire arms."
     
      	"You're serious about this," he said.  In point of fact, he'd been
thinking it wasn't a bad idea for those of the Circle to have some self-defense
capability.  Lea had warned him numerous times that there were people who would
be more than happy to kill them off, and he'd been wondering just how to go
about dealing with it.  The incident with Sally had only increased his worry --
even though Lea had told him that almost anyone trying to rape someone of the
Circle would be in for a very big, very unpleasant surprise.  It was the
'almost' part of the statement that had worried him.
     
      	"Yes, I am." she said firmly. 
     
      	"Talk to Lenny -- maybe he knows a way to expedite the process,"
suggested Ken.
     
      	"Also, I've been doing some reading on security systems.  Ours is... not
as good as I'd like it to be."
     
      	Now Ken was really surprised.  Knowing who was on the property wasn't
something that concerned him all that much -- he was tied in to Nemetodunum and
the land so tightly that he always knew who was on the property, or in the
mansion, and exactly where they were.
     
      	"Considering the computing power that we have here, coupled with Bill's
expertise, I'm sure that we could make the property a little more secure," she
continued.
     
      	They left the bedroom and headed down to the breakfast nook where food
was usually served in the morning by Sally.  He was surprised to find Tina
assisting Sally with breakfast preparation, but said nothing.  Not even when
Tina eagerly offered Jane her tongue during their morning kiss, or when she
shyly touched her tongue to his lips when they kissed.  She colored and bounced
back to Sally.  Jane had a smile on her face when they sat to eat. 
     
      	Ken usually had a light breakfast before he went to the dojo; and more
often than not, Jane or Arianwen still drove him there.  He was happy for their
support, but no longer really needed it.  He was quickly getting back in the
groove now.
     
      	Class was great.  For once, Chad wasn't there, and Ken was surprised
when Sensei asked him to lead several of the whitebelts through their
techniques.  Since he was wearing one himself, some of the students that didn't
know him were surprised, but it quickly became obvious that Ken knew exactly
what he was doing. 
     
      	After class, he and Jane stopped at the bike store to talk to Sandy, who
was always glad to see them.  Today, however, she seemed a little uncomfortable. 
Ken noticed that the manager was in today and gave the man a nod.
     
      	"Ken, Jane," Sandy said with a smile, "good to see you."
     
      	Sandy was worried, but not about the fact that the manager was in.  He
didn't care if she talked to these two -- especially considering the amount of
money Ken had dropped in the store.  No, it was Jane that was making Sandy
nervous.
     
      	"Sandy, hi." smiled Jane.  She gave the other woman a quick hug and
kiss.  Nothing in the women's actions gave any hint as to how thoroughly Sandy
had used Jane just the other day.  Jane sensed her uneasiness, but said nothing.
     
      	Ken wasn't so restrained.  His smile of greeting was followed up by,
"Feeling okay today, Sandy?"
     
      	"Yeah, sure," she replied with a smile. 
     
      	That would have fooled most people, but not Ken or Jane.  Ken let it
pass for the moment.  They picked up more Cliff bars, and Ken took a look at
some of the very high-end downhill bikes that could be ordered from the store. 
Jane wandered off while they talked about the downhill bike Ken was thinking
about putting together.
     
      	"It's really alright, you know," said Ken.
     
      	"Huh?  This is way better than alright.  Even with how quickly you're
improving, you won't be out-riding this baby anytime soon," she replied, totally
misunderstanding his comment.
     
      	"I meant it's alright about what happened the other day with Jane.  You
seemed to be a little... uncomfortable."
     
      	Sandy blushed a deep red and wondered how he'd picked up on it.  She'd
been fine with how she was treating Jane while they were having sex.  It was
afterward, when she was alone, that she had begun to worry if she'd pushed the
bounds of friendship.

      	"No... I'm fine, really."
     
      	Ken just looked at her and she sighed and leaned close.
     
      	"Well, it's just that... I was kinda pushy the other day, ya know?  I
thought maybe I'd pushed a little too hard, toward the end."
     
      	Ken smiled at her and said,  "It's pretty difficult to push Jane too
hard -- physically at least.  She can be pushed beyond the bounds of friendship,
sure, but not by what you did.  You know what she's like.  I assure you, she
enjoyed every minute of it.  Really."  He paused for a second, then said with a
big grin, "And I can tell you, Ari had the time of her life cleaning her up!"
     
      	Sandy put both her hands to her mouth and gasped.  "Oh no!  What
happened?"
     
      	Ken's grin grew wider, and he said, "Since Jane was such a mess, I told
Arianwen to help her get clean again -- using her tongue.  She loved every
second of it."
     
      	Sandy felt the coils of arousal sinking into her groin.  Her eyes
dilated and her breath quickened as she imagined the things that little Arianwen
must have done to Jane.
     
      	"I'd loved to have seen that," she said.
     
      	"We're having another play party this weekend," said Ken.  "You
interested in coming by?  Before you answer, I should mention that we have
someone new living at the mansion."
     
      	Sandy raised one eyebrow at him and he continued, "Yup.  Her name is
Tina.  She's Arianwen's sister."
     
      	"Her sis... wait, her little sister?"
     
      	Ken hadn't realized that Ari had spoken to Sandy about Tina.
     
     	 "Yeah."
     
      	"Whoa.  How's Ari taking it?"
     
     	 "What do you mean?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Well, considering what goes on there -- and the things that I know Ari
likes -- how's she handling having her little sister there?"
     
      	Ken smiled.  Sandy, it appeared, was a very perceptive person.
     
      	"Ari's had some rough spots, but she's doing okay.  I guess this weekend
will be sort of a litmus test for her and Tina."
     
      	"Are you going to let Tina participate in the play party?" asked Sandy
in surprise.
     
      	"If Tina finds someone she wants to explore with, yes.  I've explained
the rules to her, and I'm warning people in advance that Tina's going to be at
the mansion.  I understand if it makes you uncomfortable, though.  If you don't
want to stop by, and you're still interested in a little play time, we could set
something up in private.  The playroom does have a door."
     
      	"How old is she?"
     
      	"Fifteen."
     
      	"Christ, I remember what I was like at that age," muttered Sandy.
     
      	At fifteen she'd been going nuts.  She liked girls, she liked guys; the
girls thought she was a lez jock and wouldn't get near her, and the guys thought
the same thing and didn't ask her for dates -- despite her good looks.  Well,
most didn't.  The few that had were complete assholes.  She hadn't even
considered dating them, never mind exploring sex play with them.
     
      	"I think that, if she can handle it, I'm alright with it," she said. 
"If she's anything like Ari, then things could get very interesting."
     
      	On the way home, Ken's cell phone rang.
     
      	"Yes?"
     
      	"Hello, Master Ken," came a somewhat husky voice.
     
      	"Joan!  How're ya doin'?  You still coming by tonight?"
     
      	"Actually, yes.  But um... I was wondering if... Well, I was thinking
about taking off tomorrow."
     
      	"Joan, you're welcome to stay a day or a week.  You know we have plenty
of room.  Besides, as I recall, you usually shared a room with someone."
     
      	Joan gave a delicate cough.  "Uh, yeah.  So then it would be okay if I
stayed tonight?"
     
      	"Yes.  However..." Ken launched into what he was beginning to dub the
'Tina' conversation.
     
      	Joan was a little nervous about a young girl seeing her in what might be
a very vulnerable position.  Ken assured her that that would be no problem,
everything would be done behind closed doors.  However, he did let her know that
if she wanted to be a slave, she would have to abide by the house rules --
namely that the slaves would remain unclothed unless given specific permission
to wear them.  Tina, he explained, had more or less stopped wearing clothes
around the house.
     
      	"Ken," said Joan in a serious voice, "Please tell me you're not making
that little girl into a slave."
     
      	She's already a slave -- sort of, thought Ken.  "Tina's not quite the
little girl you might think -- but in answer to your question, no.  If she wants
to be a slave, she's gonna have to do more than just running around naked to
convince any of the Doms of her intentions.  Besides, " he continued, "she's
still a virgin.  She doesn't have enough experience to decide to be a slave."
     
      	Jane was a bit confused by his answer.  "But you're still exposing her
to all this?"
     
      	"Yes.  I believe that she's mature enough to handle seeing people in
adult relationships.  Unlike some people, we don't see sex as evil.  No one will
push Tina into anything.  As I told her, all parties involved need to be
comfortable with what's going on.  So far, she's fitting in pretty well,"
despite giving her sister fits, "and handling things as they come along. 
Speaking of which, there's a party this weekend."
     
      	Joan wasn't sure she was up for the party, but she was willing to stay
the night tonight to give things a try with Tina in the house.
     
      	Ken warned Tina that Joan would be over and staying for the night.  It
was a sort of heads up that someone else would be at the house, in case she
wanted to dispense with the 'Uniform of the Day.'
     
     	Tina's answer surprised him:  "What would you like me to do?"
    
     	"Excuse me?"
    
     	"Do you want me to stay out of the way?  Should I wear clothes?  Should
I stay naked?  What?"
    
     	There was a glint in her eyes when she asked those questions that he'd
come to associate with her sister when Ari was in Minx mode.  He dodged the
question completely, even as he inwardly acknowledged his cowardice.
    
     	"Use your best judgment."
    
     	Tina's best judgment surprised him.  When she first met Joan, she was
wearing a thin wrap-around skirt.  She didn't flaunt her bare skin, just lived
in it in a way that let Joan know she wasn't embarrassed.  When they all went
swimming, she swam nude, and throughout the evening, slowly eased Joan into
getting used to a teenager being unfazed by what was happening around her. 
Indeed, Ken was amazed to see that Tina wasn't acting at all -- just doing what
he'd told her to do: using her best judgment.

     	Eric, Joan, Ken, Sally and Genie spent several hours in the playroom
that night.  Jane was being entertained by Gary and Annette, who were over
again.  Gary was actually doing Ken a favor by driving Jane to the point of
distraction without the relief of an orgasm, priming her for the weekend. 
    
     	It was the next morning before Ken decided to push Joan, just a little.
    
     	Unlike Jane or Ari, Joan wasn't physically capable of being tightly tied
at night.  However, Ken had cuffed her to the bed before she woke, so she was
restrained when she opened her eyes.  Ken and Ari had had Joan sleep in the bed
with them.  Jane would have joined them, but Gary and Annette still had had her
a little tied up.  So Joan awoke to Ari's gently licking tongue, which was
quickly working her up to a big orgasm.  One that was being blocked by a very
full bladder.  Ari knew it, and so did Ken.  Both knew that Joan had no
experience with watersports -- and Ken was sure such a thing had never occurred
to her.
    
     	After keeping the woman crazed for several minutes, Joan started begging
them to stop.
    
     	"Please, God I love what you're doing, but I have to pee so bad that if
I cum, I'm gonna pee the bed."
    
     	"Would you like me to give you a hand?" asked Arianwen.
    
     	Joan nodded, thinking that they were going to release her.
    
     	"Okay," replied Ari brightly, repositioning herself between Joan's legs,
with her mouth in just the right spot.  She tweaked Joan's clit while sucking
hard, and Joan had a mini-orgasm.  She also squirted just a bit of pee as she
lost control.  Ari eagerly drank what she was offered, then took Joan's clit in
her mouth and sucked.
    
     	Joan, despite the lust raging through her body, was horrified.  She'd
just peed in her lover's mouth!
    
     	"God I'm so sorry, Arianwen!" she exclaimed.  "Please, you have to let
me up."
    
     	"Why?" asked Ari, letting Joan's clit go with a pop.  "I loved it. 
Would you give me some more?"
    
     	Without waiting for an answer, she repositioned her mouth and slid
several fingers inside the other woman, making sure to rub her g-spot.  Joan was
totally confused.  They had her so aroused that thinking was difficult, but she
still couldn't believe that anyone, never mind sweet little Arianwen, could
enjoy such a thing.
    
     	"She loves it," said Ken, answering her thought.  "If you'll give it to
her, you'll make her day."
    
     	Joan just groaned.  She didn't know what to think, but she did know if
they didn't let her up, she was going to burst.  The little squirt she'd let out
just reinforced how badly she had to go.  Ari stopped what she was doing,
leaving Joan just on the verge again.
    
     	"We'll let you up, if you want," said Ari.  Then, in a shy tone of
voice, she continued.  "I know it's not for everyone, but I love it."
    
     	Joan didn't know what to think, but for the first time, she was unsure
about something that was happening to her here.  Ari and Ken both sensed that,
and began to let her up.
    
     	They gave her some privacy, then joined her in the shower.  Joan was
very embarrassed.
    
     	"Ari, I'm really sorry..." she started.
    
     	Ari hugged the older woman and smiled.  "Don't be.  I know it's not for
everyone, but I thought you might want to try.  I shouldn't have pushed you."
    
     	Later in the morning, when Ken was feeding Joan, whose hands were
occupied by a set of leather cuffs, she spoke to Ken about the incident.
    
     	"Master, are you sure that what Ari wanted this morning was safe?" she
temporized.  "Surely actually drinking � that � can't be good for you."
    
     	Ken smiled at her and said, "Well, certainly a steady diet wouldn't be a
good thing, but it's not gonna hurt her."
    
     	In point of fact, it couldn't hurt Arianwen at all, no matter how much
she drank, but Joan had no way of knowing that.
    
     	"But that's not the real reason why you wouldn't do it this morning, is
it?" he asked.
    
     	Joan shook her head and blushed.  "No.  It was... embarrassing."
    
     	"Arianwen considers it to be very kinky -- which is a big part of the
turn-on for her."
    
     	"Was she upset that I wouldn't do it?"
    
     	"I seriously doubt it," he replied. 
    
     	He could tell that Joan had been thinking about what had happened all
morning and that it was bothering her a bit.  It wasn't that she was turned off
by the act itself, at least now that she'd had some time to consider it. 
Certainly she didn't understand the attraction, but she seemed more worried that
she'd offended Arianwen than anything else.  Ken hastened to reassure her that
that wasn't the case.
    
     	"Ari knows that different people like different things.  She was
offering to share something with you to see if it turned you on.  If it didn't,
then that was the end if it.  She won't go bugging you about it."
    
     	Joan was silent, but Ken knew she was wondering if Arianwen would ever
offer that particular activity again.  Somehow, it gave her a very weird feeling
in the pit of her stomach when she thought about peeing in the teen's mouth.  A
feeling that caused her clit to throb more than a little, which caused her even
more confusion, since actually having someone do something like that *to* her
did nothing for her.
    
     	Thursday evening, after dinner, Ken was heading to the study to relax
and read when Annette pulled him aside for a minute.  She pulled out a carefully
wrapped object and displayed one of the pieces that he'd commissioned from her. 
He was astonished by how beautiful it was.  This was more than a piece of
jewelry -- it was a work of art.
    
     	"My Goddess, this is beautiful!"
    
     	She blushed and said, "Thank you, Master Ken.  I wanted to make them as
special as I could, which is why they are taking so long."
    
     	"There's no hurry," replied Ken, awestruck at the workmanship of the
piece.  "Certainly not if they all turn out like this!"
    
     	Annette went away very happy.  She and Gary were staying at the mansion
again, this time through the weekend.  It was nice to have them around, and it
seemed that Gary was coming to grips with the changes that being of the Circle
had made in his slave. 
    
    	Ken continued on the way to the main study, but when he got there, he
received a bit of a surprise.  Genie, Bill and Sally were there, as were Tina
and Joan.  Genie was laying with her head in Bill's lap, idly stroking his thigh
while listening to the conversation that was going on.  The surprise was that
Tina was stretched out, face down on the floor and almost purring, as Joan,
naked herself save for a collar and cuffs, messaged her naked body.
   
    	Ken could feel that Joan, much to her consternation, was quite
physically attracted to Tina.  Tina was just enjoying the woman's soft hands
smoothing away the physical tension that had developed in her body.  Those hands
did nothing to ease the sexual energy that never seemed to leave her lately, but
Tina seemed to enjoy the frustration, as well.
   
    	"Hello, Master Ken," said Joan looking up at him.  Her look was a
question: did he want her to serve him?  He shook his head and sat in a chair,
picking up yet another Heinlein book.
   
    	He didn't read for long because the conversation was too interesting to
ignore.  They were speaking of religion and the theoretical existence of a God.
   
    	"But what," asked Genie lazily, "if you had proof that the Goddess
really existed?"
   
    	This was obviously directed at Bill, who smiled and said, "Then would
she still be a Goddess?"
   
    	That comment got everyone's attention.
   
    	"I mean, if you could meet and touch a Goddess, then could she be a
Goddess?  Part of a religion is that you take on faith that your particular God
or Goddess exists.  Doesn't it change things in a fundamental sort of way if you
*know* for a fact that they exist?"
   
    	It had for Ken.  He hadn't believed in anything when he met Lea, hadn't
given religion much thought.  Now though.... now, he had to wonder.  If Lea was
real, then what of the other religions and their deities?  For Jane, on the
other hand, meeting Lea had just seemed an affirmation of her previously held
beliefs.
   
    	"Look," said Bill, "A supreme being would be so powerful, that I don't
think there's any way you could actually meet one and still remain sane."
   
    	"Maybe," said Joan, "we meet one everyday."
   
    	They all looked at her.  "Well, maybe the manifestation of the universe
is the only way we can understand a God."
   
    	What, Ken wondered, would that make Lea?  Amused, if the chuckling in
his mind was any indication of her thoughts on the matter.  He supposed he could
ask her the nature of Gods and Goddesses, but he suspected that he wouldn't get
much of an answer.

    	The conversation continued, narrowing down from the over arching 'What
is a God' to 'Why do we worship one'.
   
    	"Well," said Bill, "I guess that one reason is because it makes us feel
better to hope that someone else always has the answers."
   
    	"Perhaps," offered Genie, "it makes us feel more a part of the Universe
that Joan was describing."
   
    	"How so?" asked Joan.  Ken could tell that her mind was no longer
entirely on the conversation.  Tina, who hadn't been paying any attention to
anything but Joan's hands, was responding to those hands.  Joan, who had been
distracted while listening to the conversation, had let her hands move in a far
more erotic pattern on the girl than she'd intended.

    	Tina was now very aroused and Joan could tell.  What's more, the teen's
arousal was effecting her and she had no idea what to do about it.  She decided
to end the message and sit up.  Tina rolled onto her back and lazily stretched
while smiling her thanks.  Her nipples, tight and thick, made it obvious to Joan
what she'd done.
   
    	"Well," said Tina, "I'm for bed."
   
    	She gave everyone a quick kiss, except Ken.  Her kiss to him was much
slower and promised things that he thought would be a bad idea to accept.  Her
scent was very like her sister's, just lighter and spicier, but still quite
arousing.  Her tongue, when he let her slid it in his mouth, was sweet and
agile.  It also had a serious effect on his cock.
   
    	She pulled away panting, eyes dilated and, with a small, regretful
smile, left the room.  He knew what she was going to her room to do and somehow,
she knew that he knew.  Joan came and sat in Ken's lap.  She seemed a little
upset.
   
    	"What's wrong?" he whispered in her ear as the other three continued
their conversation.
   
    	"I think that I... um... teased Tina a bit.  I didn't mean to though."
   
    	Right at about that time Tina's nerves were vibrating with her first
orgasm.  Ken smiled and wondered if someone should offer the girl a sex toy.  He
wondered how long it was going to take before someone ended up in bed with her. 
She was certainly offering herself, at least if her kisses were any indication. 
Hell, even if he hadn't been able to read her, those kisses were clearly an
invitation to more.
   
    	"I'm sure she understands you weren't trying to seduce her," said Ken.
   
    	"Ken," replied Joan, "girls can be very unsure of themselves at that
age, and they can be very cruel to each other.  And living here can't be easy
for her.  I don't want to add to that."
   
    	Sally, Bill and Genie decided to retire for the evening kisses were
shared all around.
   
    	"Are you sure," said Ken after they left, "that that's what you're
worried about?"
   
   	 "What do you mean?" asked Joan as he repositioned her to straddle his
lap.  Her sex was slick and her nipples were getting erect.
   
    	Ken clipped her wrist cuffs together behind her, which derailed her
smooth breathing.
   
    	"Are you sure," he continued, "she isn't the one who has YOU all hot and
bothered?"
   
    	Ken knew that was the case, even if Joan was unwilling to admit it to
him.  She groaned as he closed his fingers on her nipples and shifted his erect
cock so that it was pushing through his silk shorts against her soft lower lips.
   
    	"Ken," Joan said in a reproachful voice, "She's young enough to be my
daughter."
   
    	Ken's only response was to stroke her clit in just the right way.  Joan
convulsed a bit, pleasure shooting through her brain.  He knew just how to touch
her and because of her position she was unable to close her legs to fend off the
distraction of his fingers.
   
    	"So?  She's beautiful and sexy and, I'm sure, quite willing."  He took a
small, hard nipple in his teeth and bit lightly.  Joan groaned as her nipple was
pulled, while his finger somehow found a direct link from her clit to her
brain's pleasure center.
   
    	"Imagine being the first to bring her to an orgasm.  Her taste, her
scent.  You like how her sister tastes, don't you?"
   
    	Joan's only response was a groan.  Ken shifted around and manage to free
his cock enough to slid it into her wet cunt, which almost caused her to cum. 
She tried to block out the dark desires his voice was whispering to her, but
utterly failed.
   
    	"Imagine little Tina straddling your face, her wet little pussy pressed
against your open mouth," he continued.  "Wouldn't you like to taste her?  Feel
her cum in your mouth?"
   
    	"Oh God, you're driving me crazy," whispered Joan.
   
    	"Tell me," he urged.  "Tell me how much you'd like to feel your tongue
inside her."
   
    	"Yes," said Joan, "I'd love it.  I'd love to eat her, make her cum."
   
    	Joan gave a high pitched groan, shaking her head no, even as she
surrendered to the image he planted.  It took root and added to her pleasure,
and it was almost as if she was there. 
   
    	Tina's wet sex was positioned over her mouth, allowing her to lick and
suck the delicate lips that were literally dripping moisture.  She ran her
tongue through the narrow furrow, then up to the girl's small rosebud, which
she'd had several glimpses of when she was 'messaging' Tina's tight little ass. 
Her tongue entered there, and the teen sighed as she eagerly accepted Joan's
intrusion, while her powerful muscles squeezed Joan's tongue.  Then, the amazing
taste of the girl as Joan moved her tongue back to the teen's dripping sex,
eagerly feeling the thick liquid ooze into her mouth.
   
    	Joan swallowed, listening to Tina coo her pleasure as her hips shifted
back and forth.  Tina leaned forward and now Joan had completely unrestricted
access to both of the teen's holes and Joan quickly took advantage of it. 
Pleasure closed over her own clit as Tina's mouth gently sucked it from its
hood.  The buzz from her moan, vibrated Joan's clit as the older woman slid a
wet finger into Tina's back door while her tongue continued to slide into her
other entrance.
   
    	Joan came hard, gasping her pleasure, and was jolted out of the fantasy
that Ken's words had created.  The taste of Tina's sex somehow lingered on her
lips and tongue, which was when she discovered that Tina's sister had joined
them and it was Arianwen's pussy she'd been licking.  Before she could even
begin to feel guilty about her fantasy, she peaked again, her cunt squeezing
Ken's thick rod as it slid again into her depths.
   
    	Later, after they were showered and were in bed, Ken and Ari could sense
that Joan was once again uncomfortable.  She was worried that Ari had heard Ken
making her admit that she wanted to have sex with Tina.
   
    	"You okay?" asked Arianwen.
   
    	"Fine.  I'm just tired, that's all."
   
    	Arianwen leaned over and kissed the woman.  "I'm sorry about this
morning," she said.
   
    	"What?  Oh, Arianwen, no, it's nothing.  I just ...  well it wasn't
something that I was prepared for.  I didn't want to hurt you."
   
    	"You didn't hurt me.  I'm sorry that I made you so uncomfortable."  They
were silent for a moment, then Ari said, "Somehow, I get the feeling that isn't
what's bothering you."
   
    	"I'm okay hon.  Just tired," replied Joan.
   
    	More silence, then Ari said, "I heard what you and Ken were talking
about."
   
    	In point of fact, Ari had not just heard it, but had gotten pulled into
the fantasy.  Oddly enough, she had no problems experiencing sex with Tina in a
fantasy.  Probably because she'd already had so many of them herself.
   
    	Joan was at a loss -- she didn't want to talk about this. She was
thinking that, for all her experience and openness, Ari was too young to
understand the concept of not repeating back to your lover something that was
said in passion.  Context is everything.
   
    	"Joan, I just wanted you to know that, if Tina decided she wanted you to
make love to her, I would be very happy for her to be in such caring hands."
   
    	Ari kissed the older woman's belly button and was curled up and asleep
seconds after her comment.
   
    	For the first time since she'd come to the mansion, Joan found she
couldn't sleep.  Ari and, she thought, Ken, were both out like a light, so she
extricated herself and left the room.
   
    	She headed to the kitchen, wearing only the collar and her cuffs, for
some food, and perhaps a little wine.  She gathered it up and found herself
heading toward the Garden, where she sat looking at the stars while munching
some cheese.
   
    	What kind of household, she wondered, could produce people like these? 
Why wasn't there any jealousy here?  Why had she given herself so completely
into their hands and why did doing so make her feel so good?  She had to admit
that she hadn't felt this good in a very, very long time, despite the two
misunderstandings that had occurred between her and Arianwen.  She frowned
realizing that the only one who had had a misunderstanding was her.  Ari had
shown none of the embarrassment that Joan was sure a fully mature woman would
have shown at the whole incident this morning in bed, and that confused her. 
Joan had expected Ari to be embarrassed, as if Joan had judged Ari's interest to
be perverted.  As best as she could tell, Ari's only concern was that she'd made
Joan uncomfortable.
   
    	And then there was this thing with Ari's sister Tina.  Joan was sure
Arianwen had been quite sincere when she'd told Joan that she'd be happy if Joan
was Tina's first.  It was quite clear, however, who Tina wanted to be her first
and Joan hadn't missed how Ari's behavior changed around her sister.  How could
Ari be so insightful with her, but in such denial about her sister?
   
    	It never occurred to Joan that such thoughts said a lot about her own
level of acceptance and just how far outside society's norms she now traveled. 
She wouldn't give it a second thought if Ari and Tina had sex.  In fact, she
found the thought incredibly exciting.
   
    	She sighed, wondering how all this was going to affect her own life. 
Despite her best efforts, many people here had captured her heart and she didn't
know what to do.  She knew she didn't fit in here, and still wondered why they
liked having her around.  It wasn't just the sex, that was for sure.  The vision
she'd been shown in the mirror her first time here had stayed with her since
that day.  It was still just as vivid, but each day she seemed less and less
able to connect the vision with the person she knew herself to be.
   
    	"Everyone has their bind spots," came a voice.
   
    	A strong, long fingered hand wrapped around Joan's own hand, keeping her
from dropping the wine glass from her suddenly nerveless fingers.  Despite the
darkness, Joan could see every facet of the woman's face quite clearly.  She
recognized her, but her brain was frozen from the sheer beauty that Joan was
somehow sure went deeper than that flawless, white skin.
   
    	The woman took a sip of Joan's wine, then in an oddly formal gesture,
offered it back to Joan, who put the glass to her lips and drank.  The woman
leaned toward Joan, who finally was able to breathe and think again.  Her lips
parted slightly and Joan found that leaning forward and kissing those lips was
the most natural thing in the world -- a world that dissolved around her.
   
    	When she regained her senses, a sleepy lassitude filled her as if she
was coming down off the best orgasm she'd ever had in her entire life.  She was
in Ken's arms and he was carrying her up a set of stairs.  Her eyes closed as
two sets of hands welcomed her into bed.
   
    	Joan slept.
   
 End Chapter 1




Avatar 2

Chapter 2

      	Joan had clients to see to Friday morning, despite the holiday, and was
gone before Ken made it downstairs after his work out.  So much for her taking
time off, he thought.  Both Ari and Jane joined him to practice, but Jane was
moving a little slow this morning.  The numerous welts on her body could have
been the reason, but he suspected that the main reason was because Gary and
Annette had teased the crap out of her.  She'd been ridden hard and put away
wet, as the saying goes, and was feeling the effects of orgasm denial.
     
      	Still, she and Ari were visibly improving their technique day by day. 
Ken wondered how long it would be before he was no longer comfortable teaching
them.
     
      	Tina stumbled downstairs, somewhat bleary eyed while they were eating. 
She was looking a bit out of it this morning, and Ken could feel a lot of
pent-up sexual energy in the girl.  Masturbation just wasn't doing the trick
anymore, as her mostly sleepless night attested to.  The energy in the house was
affecting her, but unlike Bill and Gary, she had no real way of releasing it. 
Ken winced inwardly and realized that something would have to be done; he just
didn't know what that something would be. 
     
      	She kissed everyone, starting with Ken, then moving to Jane and her
sister.  Tongue was involved, and Ari and Tina separated in shock as Ari's
automatic acceptance of the kiss startled both of them as much as Tina's
automatic offering.  Ari felt a powerful pool of sexual energy in her sister, as
had Jane and Ken, and was drawn to it.  She was trembling as they both tried to
ignore what had just happened.  Tina was too shaken by the fact that she'd
almost had an orgasm when she'd kissed Arianwen to do anything but focus on the
refrigerator to get milk for her cereal.
     
      	Ken was seized by guilt as he examined the girl more closely.  Things
were worse than he'd thought, and he started to worry about what would happen if
that energy wasn't tapped off in some way.  Would a fantasy do it? he wondered. 
They tended to create a lot of energy, but he'd noticed that the person who had
the fantasy was usually left with a surplus of sexual energy, despite the fact
that there was a lot of energy collected.
     
      	"I have some errands to take care of this morning," he announced, "so
I'll be gone for a while."
     
      	Others began mentioning their plans, as well.  Eric and Sally were going
to see Eric's dad, Gary had already left for the shop, and Genie had gone off to
do something or other.  Bill was at school working on something, which left
Annette, Jane, Ari and Tina at loose ends.
     
    	They decided to go to the beach for the early part of the day, which
made Ken worry just a bit about what would happen.  Four hot, sexy women, three
of whom were dedicated to a sex Goddess, were guaranteed to cause some kind of
trouble on the beach.  But he said nothing.  They all had to start integrating
themselves back into normal society, eventually.  Plus, they wouldn't be there
too long, since everyone was meeting back here for a quick dinner before
tonight's fireworks.
   
    	Ken's appointment was with his doctor for a flight physical.  They only
had morning hours today, and he'd been lucky to get an appointment so soon.  He
was in the best shape of his life but, of course, there had to be paperwork to
prove it. 
   
    	"Ken, good to see you," said Dr. Allen, shaking his hand.  They sat
down, and the doctor looked at Ken's records, then up at Ken.
   
    	"From the looks of things, I'd say you've been working out.  You've
gained 20 pounds since the last time we talked ...  what, about eight months
ago?"
   
    	"Yup," said Ken who really hadn't been paying attention to his weight. 
"I've been working out a bit.  You know, some weight training, mountain biking,
swimming."  He didn't mention that he was in martial arts again.  His doctor
didn't know that he'd ever been in the arts, and he saw no reason to clue him
in.
   
    	"Well, let's see how healthy you are, shall we?" smiled the other man.
   
     	After all the regular checks had been done, the man sat down with Ken
and said, "Huh.  There's no problem with you passing the flight physical. 
You're in amazingly good health.  Better, by far, than the last time you were
here.  BP's down -- not that it was high to begin with -- your resting pulse is
amazing and everything seems excellent."  He paused and frowned a bit, then
said, "In fact, if I didn't know better, I'd assume that I was examining a
professional athlete.  You really have been working out, haven't you?"
    
     	Ken nodded.  Better to let the man come to his own conclusions, since
he'd never believe the truth.
    
     	"I'll have Marsha come in and draw some blood, then we'll send you on
your way.  Should be a few weeks for the results."
    
     	"Is there anyway you could expedite that?  I'd like to get into the air
as soon as I can, and I don't know if they'll take me up until they have the
physical."
    
     	"Check at the desk to see what your health plan covers.  Most likely it
won't cover rush service, but you never know."
    
     	It wasn't until Marsha, a large black woman with an infectious smile,
had come it to draw blood that he started to worry.  Was it possible that
whatever Lea had done to him would show up in a blood test?  What if she'd
changed him in some fundamental way that could be picked up in a test?  It
wasn't likely that they'd discover he could do magick, or anything like that,
but had his hormones changed in some way?  He knew that he produced pheromones
-- would those show up?   What if they thought he was on some kind of drugs?
    
     	Marsha caught his mood caught his mood, but misinterpreted it.  "Honey,
doan tell me a big, strong man like you is afraid of a little needle!"  Her
conspiratory wink removed any sting that the comment might have caused.  Her
skill with the needle was such that he barely felt it enter.
    
     	They talked as she pulled the required gallon or so of blood, then he
went to the front desk.  The health insurance plan that Lenny had set up for the
household was top of the line.  There was no co-payment and the test results
would be ready by Wednesday, despite the holiday. 
    
     	On the drive back to the mansion, Ken realized that money really did
make things possible in this country that the average person had no hope of
accessing.  He'd been brought up to believe that everyone in America was treated
equally; now, he was realizing that some were far more equal than others.  He
couldn't believe how na�ve he'd been -- but that didn't mean he wasn't going to
take advantage of his new status.
         
      	Once he was home, Ken sat down at the computer and installed the flight
simulator software that he'd bought.  While it couldn't give you the feel of an
actual plane, it could teach you about instrumentation, tower chatter and many
other aspects of piloting a small plane.  He had every intention of just jumping
in and playing with it, but made the mistake of starting on the manual.  He
quickly lost himself in the information on navigation, tower protocol and
instrumentation and didn't realize how late it had gotten.
     
      	He was started out of his concentration when the garage door closed.  He
had a feeling that was like when you have an itch that's been ignored for too
long, and it's gotten to the point where you absolutely *have* to scratch it. 
Except this feeling was a wash of sexual energy emanating from the four women
who'd just arrived back at the house.
     
      	Jane and Ari came into the study, while Tina and Annette went upstairs. 
Jane, while pretty worked up, was somewhat amused, but Ari was a ball of stress. 
She flopped in a chair while Jane gracefully knelt on the rug.
     
      	"So," asked Ken, keeping his face very neutral, "how did everything go?"
     
      	Ari just snorted and rolled her eyes, looking for once like the teenager
she was.  Jane just smiled a bit and said, "It was certainly an interesting
day."
     
      	"Oh?  Do tell."

                                  ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
     
      	Before they'd gone out for the day, the ladies had had fun picking out
which swimsuits they wanted to wear.  Despite the fact that they rarely wore
clothing around the house, they had an amazing variety of suits.  Go figure.
     
      	Each had picked something that would show off their figures, and none of
them were even remotely conservative.  Tina's was the least revealing, and it
showed a hell of a lot of skin.
     
      	They all piled into Jane's M3 and headed out for the day, a cooler
filled with water, soda and snacks in the trunk.  There was a lot of teasing and
flirting among the girls, who included Tina, even though she wasn't feeling as
great as she was pretending.  The constant sexual frustration was leading to a
lack of sleep and making the girl irritable.  Being packed in the car with three
very sexy woman, all of whom were producing a low level of pheromones, didn't
help matters any.
     
      	The Circle had found that, no matter how hard they tried, only Ken was
able to completely shut down the various sexual 'glamours' that they all
naturally produced.  The rest of them could throttle way back, but not turn it
completely off.  And Tina was crowded in a car with, not one, but two High
Priestesses whose 'glamours' were far more powerful than a mere Priest's or
Priestess'.  The effects hit the frustrated teen so hard that her bikini bottoms
were soaked through by the time the women reached the beach, and her nipples had
been so hard for so long they ached.  Which Tina found she liked, actually.  The
other women were well aware of her state, but didn't know what to do about it. 
Well, Jane knew what needed to be done, but understood it might be a long time
coming.
     
      	The situation got better once they were at the beach.  Tina was unable
to understand how the other three women could possibly stand the freezing-cold
water, while they wondered what the big deal was; the water was fine -- the
warmest they'd felt in years.  When they came back to the blankets to lay down,
they were certainly the center of attention.  Numerous hopefuls gathered as
close as they dared to the women; but none approached, surprisingly.
     
      	"Tina," said Jane, "you're going to burn."
     
      	Tina, who'd been drifting in a warm sea of erotic thoughts while gently
pushing her mons into the towel covered sand, stirred and looked at her bleary
eyed.  "Huh?"
     
      	"You're going to burn dear.  You should put some lotion on."
     
      	"I'll be fine.  Ari always burns before me, and she's not wearing any,"
murmured the girl, her eyes closing again.
     
      	Arianwen didn't burn any more.  Neither did anyone else in the Circle. 
But there was no way to tell Tina that, so Ari said, "I'm going to put some on
now."
     
      	She began slathering the liquid over her body.  Tina's breathing
increased as she watched her sister through slitted eyes.  Her pussy clenched,
and lust roared through her body.  Both Annette and Jane reacted to it, but Ari
managed to ignore her sister's desire.  Mostly.  But her pierced nipples were
clearly visible through her thin bikini top, as were Annette's and Jane's.  That
garnered a lot of attention from the people near them.
     
      	When she finished, Tina reluctantly rolled over and took the tube from
Ari's hand.  A sort of electric shock passed through her hand when her fingers
brushed her sister's, and Tina let out a small moan.  She actually had a small
orgasm.  All three women were absorbing the energy that Tina was throwing off,
but that did nothing to relieve the girl of her frustration and need.  She saw
the dark material of her bottoms were so wet between her legs that it looked
like she'd peed herself.
     
      	The rest of the time passed in a haze for Tina, a haze of warm, erotic
thoughts and sexual images.  She wondered what would happen if she just grabbed
her sister's hair, bent her head back and kissed her.  Jane read the fantasies
the girl was having but was reluctant to enter them.  She knew what Tina really
wanted and didn't want to spoil anything for the girl.
     
      	Just before they got in the car to come home,  Ari pulled Jane aside.
     
      	"We should stop and get some bread," she said.
     
      	Jane knew immediately what Ari was hinting at.  She wanted Tina to meet
Karen.  They were close to the same age, and Karen was a little sex machine. 
Jane thought getting those two together would be a lot of fun.  Eventually.  But
not yet.
     
      	"I don't think that'd be a good idea," said Jane.
     
      	"What?  That's crazy!  They'd never be able to resist each other.  I can
tell Tina's a little agitated, and she could work some of that off with Karen."
     
      	A little agitated? thought Jane.  Aloud, she said, "They are still both
normal teenagers, despite the fact that Karen has had sex with us.   I don't
think that Tina will go for that for her first time."
     
      	"Can we try it anyway?" asked Ari.
     
      	The desperate tone of her voice made Jane suspect that perhaps Ari
wasn't as oblivious of her sister's wants as she'd thought.  Against her better
judgment, Jane nodded.
     
      	Not only did the experiment go nowhere, Tina ended up even more
frustrated.  She and Karen were cordial, but it ended up somewhat forced on
Tina's part when it became apparent that Karen was very interested in, and knew,
the other women.  It fact, Tina was willing to bet they all knew all sorts of
things about each other.  She was getting tired of being excluded, and that was
adding to her frustration and irritability.
     
      	Ken was not happy at this turn of events, and Arianwen was frustrated,
as well.  Jane, who'd bothered to actually acknowledge what Tina wanted, was
amused by their antics, but not happy that Tina was suffering.  Unlike her, Tina
didn't enjoy it.
     
      	Apparently, Lea wasn't amused at all.
     
      	"Kenneth, I do not condone actual torture," was Her opening statement
when She appeared in the study.
     
      	Ari almost jumped out of her skin, a bad sign since no one in the Circle
should have been startled by Lea's appearance, especially not a High Priestess.
     
      	"And you, Arianwen, are being completely unreasonable," the Goddess
continued.
     
      	Ari's eyes filled with tears, her stress rapidly turning to misery.
     
      	"I...I'm sorry Mistress, but I don't know what to do!" she said, tears
dripping down her face.
     
      	Lea sat down next to Ari and pulled her into Her lap as the girl sobbed. 
She soothed her with Her hands, but was firm in Her tone as She said, "Arianwen,
you must realize that there are many rules that no longer apply to you.  Embrace
the changes, and free yourself."
     
      	Ken felt relief.  Lea was giving Arianwen an out with the incest thing. 
     
      	"And you, Kenneth, I am most displeased with," Lea said, looking at him.
     
      	Ken stared at Her in surprise. 
     
      	"You have neglected to take into account the toll this is taking on
Tina," said Lea.  "She cannot remain here unless you find a way to release the
energy that is continuing to build up in her.  It's not healthy for her and
could cause considerable harm."
     
      	"I don't understand," said Ken.  "How could she be building up energy?"
     
      	"You are all constantly bombarding her with it.  Much gets absorbed by
the Circle and transferred to me, which is the point of all this.  But Tina is
exposed to a great deal of energy, and she has no outlet.  Masturbation won't
give her the release she needs.  Someone from the Circle must help her."
     
      	"Is there some way we can drain the energy from her?" asked Ken.
     
      	Lea just looked at him.
     
      	"Besides that, Lea."
     
      	"Of course!  But it is the difference between giving birth and having a
physician cut the baby from the mother.  Why would you want to do something so
difficult, when you could just take the girl as a lover and be done with it?"
     
      	"Nothing is preventing her from taking a lover here," replied Ken.
     
      	"*You* have not touched her, except for an occasional kiss," was Lea's
retort, "and so have set the tone for her treatment "
     
      	"She's fifteen, Lea," protested Ken. "I'm more than twice her age."
     
      	Lea shook Her head with a sad sort of smile.  "And I have been alive for
thousands of your years.  There is a far greater difference in our ages."  Lea
paused, then said, "As little as a hundred years ago, few would have given a
second thought to your respective ages.  Certainly, in my time, there would have
been no questions."  Lea pinned him with Her stare and said, "You won't hurt
her.  You won't get her pregnant, and she won't get a disease from you.  I
realize that you are new to this as well, but it appears that Arianwen isn't the
only one who needs to embrace changes."
     
      	Ken shook his head and said, "Lea, we are modern people.  We have rules
in our society, and those rules are there for a reason."
     
      	"Humans have been around for a long time.  Your precious laws didn't
even exist until recently," Lea replied.  "Even now, they are not even the same
from place to place in this country, never mind other countries.  I agree with
you that some of your laws are good," She continued,  "but you are no longer
bound by many of those rules, Kenneth.  You are dedicated to me, and mine are
the rules that you will follow.
     
        	"There will come a time when society's rules will work against
you.  There will be situations that your police will not be equipped to deal
with, simply because most of you only give lip service to your Gods, and no
longer really believe in our power.  You will have to deal with those
situations, and the law will not be on your side."
     
      	Ken was stunned.  Lea hadn't been this adamant about anything except
making him go back into martial arts.
     
      	"I'll do it," said Jane suddenly.  She was near tears from hearing her
Master and Mistress at odds.  "I'll seduce her, and that will solve the problem. 
I'm sure it won't be very difficult, and it's not like she doesn't want me."
     
      	"No," said Lea, simply.  "This is not your problem to solve."
     
      	"So what is the age then, Lea?" asked Ken angrily.  "Where's the break
point?  At what age is it okay to have sex with someone?"
     
      	Lea smiled, kissed Arianwen, then stood.
     
      	"You'll know when someone is ready.  Each of you will know; it is part
of your gift.  Humans are complex and can be fragile.  There is no single age
that makes it okay for all of them to perform a certain act.  This is why your
laws are, at best, a guide.  There are boys who are not ready for a
relationship, sexual or otherwise, at twenty, and girls who are ready for both
at ten.  Trust your gifts.  I gave them to you, and I expect you to use them."
     
      	"What if Tina isn't ready?" asked Ari in a fearful voice.
     
      	Lea smiled at the girl and said, "You know in your heart that is not the
issue here."
     
      	Lea kissed the three of them, then disappeared.  Ken leaned back in his
chair to think, and Jane and Arianwen sat on the couch while Jane held her wife. 
     
      	Ken didn't want to admit it, but he knew his Goddess was right.  How
many times in the last weeks had he spun fantasies for underage girls?  Some
younger than Tina.  There had been a number of young teens that he'd found
attractive, but only a small number of them were ready for the kind of fantasies
he could create.  Those who weren't, he tended not to notice, beyond what they
looked like. And there'd been a number of very attractive women that he'd sensed
were just not interested in experiencing an intense fantasy.  Sex was just not
as important to everyone as it was to him.
     
      	Jane and Ari decided to get some food, kissing him on their way out. 
Ari was feeling better, but still clung to Jane.  She had every confidence that
Ken would take care of the problem. 
     
      	Ken sighed; this was not an auspicious start for an evening of partying
and fireworks.  Quite frankly, he considered the health and well being of the
people in the mansion to be far more important than either, so he needed a
solution.  Besides, Ken knew Ari had somehow decided that he would make it all
better and had completely glossed over what Lea had told her.  Amazing how a
mind as powerfully intelligent as Arianwen's could be so blind.
     
      	As he leaned back in his chair, he relaxed and located Tina, really
reading her fantasies for the first time.  His grin turned self-mocking as he
realized that Ari wasn't the only blind one.  Well, at least he could use the
excuse that he wasn't as smart as her. 
     
      	He followed the threads of Tina's desires, then withdrew to begin to
plan.  On his withdrawal, he was seized by a vision.  It grabbed him and
irresistibly pulled him into the future, and what he saw, just the glimpse of
it, was enough to make him sure of his course of action.  He opened his eyes and
smiled.  Ken figured an opportunity would present itself tonight, but to make
sure, he needed to have a little talk with someone.
     
      	Most people had arrived, and they had a light, buffet-style dinner. 
Tina had been introduced to everyone she didn't know, and seemed to be pretty
much at ease.  Arianwen had calmed down and was, in fact, feeling downright
horny.  At one point, Ken pulled Ellen aside and spoke to her.  Her eyes widened
as she smiled and nodded. 
     
      	Everyone was looking forward to seeing the fireworks, and Ken was amazed
at how his two slaves seemed to revert to young teens in the anticipation. 
        
      	Finally, someone proposed that it was time to go and Ken leaned back,
wiping his hands on a napkin and said, "Sounds good to me.  I'm guessing
everyone would like that?"
     
      	His comment was greeted with enthusiastic grins, and the women raced off
to get some clothing on.
                 
      	"Oh, Joan called," said Ari.  "She said she was sorry, but she got
swamped and hadn't been able to break away.  She'll meet us wherever we're going
to see the fireworks, though."
     
      	Wonder of wonders, they actually managed to meet up with Joan, who was
surprised that they found her so easily.  In point of fact, it wouldn't have
been so easy if Ken hadn't been able to sort of feel her out in the crowd.  He
was a bit surprised himself, actually.  He also noticed that Joan seemed to have
garnered the attention of several men as she passed through the crowd, looking
for them.  She didn't notice, but it was obvious that she was gaining some of
the perks that Followers of Lea had.
     
      The fireworks were a lot of fun.  Ken really enjoyed them, and Tina and
Arianwen absolutely loved them, clapping and cheering like little girls. 
Considering the group they were with, it was unsurprising that there was a bit
of flashing going on here and there.  At one point, Annette managed to position
a sparkler so that the sparks fell just right on Jane's bare tummy.
     
      	Jane's eyes slitted with a pleasure her Circle could hardly ignore. 
They moved around a bit so that Ken could get his hands under her skirt without
being easily seen.  He brought her off in the middle of the crowd by tugging on
her clit ring and whispering dirty things in her ear.  Their actions did not go
unnoticed by Tina, who looked on wide-eyed.   Those eyes got even wider when he
offered his coated fingers to Arianwen, who eagerly licked them clean.
     
      	After the fireworks, they went and grabbed some dessert at a Penguin's
Frozen Yogurt.  Ken had never had it and discovered that it was absolutely
fantastic.  Thank the Goddess the Circle could eat about as much as they wanted
without getting fat!  He had the feeling this stuff would be playing a prominent
part in his life.
     
      	Dessert finished, they went back to the house.  There was some late
night hanky-panky in the hot tub, but everyone was saving the serious play for
the next evening.  Tina begged off to go to sleep.  Ken was worried about her,
but sure that what he'd set in motion would ensure that this would be her last
sleepless night -- due to this type of frustration, anyway.

+++++

      	It was early the next day, when, after practicing, Ken wandered down to
the pool with Ari and Jane.  Tina, Ellen and Kim were at the table talking when
the Ken and the others sat down to join them.  He picked up a slice of apple and
munched while listening to them.
     
      	Of course, they were talking about sex.
     
      	"It's more than just an attitude," Ellen was saying.  "Being dominant
means you must have power and control over yourself.  Experience and time lead
to wisdom about how to deal with a slave and accept the power that they offer
you.  With a many submissives, there is no need to take their power.  They want
to give it to you.  Of course, that's not always the case, and sometimes you
must show your dominance so they can prove their submissiveness."
   
    	Tina frowned as she tried to follow what Ellen was saying.  It was
difficult for her, since her libido was firmly in control.  She couldn't decide
which fantasies to let dominate her thoughts.  Those where she begged Ken or
Ellen to use her for sex, or those where she took control of Jane or Kim... 
or... her sister.  Especially her sister.
   
    	It was at that point that Ken realized she was truly a switch.  He'd
been under the impression that she would be submissive toward men, but dominant
with women.  That was apparently wrong, though -- she'd only been responding to
an environment where all the males were dominant. 
   
    	Once she was exposed to Ellen, Ken recognized that Tina was submissive
to a dominant and very dominant with a submissive.  In theory, anyway.  He had
no idea how she'd really act, since she had no experience.  The reading that
she'd done had given her some ideas about Master/slave relationships, but she
was smart enough to know that in real life there would be differences.  Still,
her body almost ached to touch her sister or to be touched by.... she shied away
from that thought.

     	"How do you know?" asked Tina.  "How do you know what you are?"
     
     	"I think that only experience will teach that.  Often times, people who
are sexually dominant will try to experience a scene in which they are
submissive.  That way, they know what their sub is going through.  Not always,
of course.  There are people like Kim and Jane who know that they are slaves and
will work toward finding someone to serve.  It completes them in a way that is
only partly sexual."  She petted Kim's head and said, "Isn't that right, my
little slut?"

      	"Yes, Mistress," replied Kim. 
     
      	Kim shuddered as lust poured through her body.  There she was, a full
grown woman, naked and kneeling on the ground in front of not one, but two
teenagers, and admitting she was a slave.  She knew that if her Mistress told
her to service either one of them, she'd do it.  At this moment, she couldn't
even think of a sex act that she wouldn't do for her Mistress.

      	"It turns her on to be discussed like this," comment Ellen, "because she
likes to be humiliated a bit, now and then."
     
      	Ellen glanced at Ken, then nodded slightly at Jane.  Ken gave her a
slight smile, and Ellen reached over and casually slapped Jane's breast so hard
that a red handprint appeared on the firm globe.  Jane's only reaction was a
swift intake of breath and a light groan.  Tina almost jumped out of her skin.
     
      	"Different things excite different subs," Ellen continued.  "And, of
course, each Dominant enjoys using their sub in different ways.  Jane, I'm sure,
enjoyed that very much, didn't you slave?"
     
      	Jane nodded, "Yes, Mistress."
     
      	Tina's pussy clenched, and her breath quickened at this casual display. 
Why wouldn't someone just do that to her?  Didn't he... they... know that she
would happily let them have her?
     
    	"But," said Tina, moistening dry lips, "how does someone get to find out
what they like?"
   
    	"In Jane's case, I suspect she has known for a long time that she is a
masochist," said Ellen.  "In Kim's case, I am training her to associate pain
with pleasure.  She knows I enjoy hurting her, as long as she gets pleasure from
it.  So, because she loves me, she accepts as much as she can take and receives
pleasure by pleasing me."
   
    	Ellen leaned down and grabbed one of Kim's nipples.  They were quite
erect anyway, and Ellen viciously pulled and twisted the already erect nub. The
actions of her Mistress clearly aroused her as much as the casual slap had
aroused Jane.  As soon as Ellen gripped her nipple, Kim's hands had gone behind
her back as she arched to present more of her breast to her Mistress.
   
    	"Do you like this, slut?"
     
      	"Yes, Mistress," responded Kim.
     
      	"Prove it.  Put your finger in your cunt and show me how much you like
it."
     
      	Kim did exactly that, her fair skin flushed from excitement and
embarrassment.  When she pulled her hand from between her legs, the finger was
glistening with her clear, thick fluid.
     
      	"I bet you'd love a cock in your cunt, wouldn't you?"  taunted Ellen.
     
      	"Yes, Mistress," replied Kim.
     
      	"Perhaps later we'll find out if you can handle Ken, Eric and Gary at
the same time.  I think I would enjoy watching you get it in all your slut holes
while Jane services me."
     
      	Kim was trembling with need now.  If that was what her Mistress wanted,
that was what she'd do -- and happily.
     
      	"Clean your fingers off, sweetie," smiled Ellen
     
      	Very conscious of the stares of everyone, Kim thoroughly sucked her
lubricant off her fingers.
     
    	"Doing the same thing to two different slaves is interpreted differently
by each of them," continued Ellen.
   
    	"I see," said Tina.
   
    	"Sometimes, a slave won't admit what she enjoys.  Sometimes, she will
avoid the pleasure an act can bring her, and her owner, because she has reached
what we call a limit."  Ellen smiled as she continued, "It is important for
their Master or Mistress to recognize when this occurs and to understand that it
might be time for the slave to move past that limit."
   
    	Ari, who had been sprawled on a lounge, suddenly had a look of panic on
her face.  She was somehow unable to catch Ellen's eye though.
   
    	"Recently, my slave was told to do something in public that she
considers private.  My little Kim is very humiliated by watersports.  Since she
is turned on by being humiliated, 'forcing' her to engage in them is very
exciting for her," replied Ellen.  "But, until recently, she'd never really had
any experience with that type of play.  It was a limit for her, but not the
person she was playing with."
   
    	Kim, who was kneeling by Ellen's side looked down at the ground, her
large breasts heaving with each breath.  Her nipples were diamond hard, showing
that she was aroused by having her sexual desires casually explained to a
fifteen year old.
   
    	"Arianwen, on the other hand," continued Ellen mercilessly, 
"experienced that scene in an entirely different way.  She is not embarrassed by
watersports.   I'm not sure exactly what she finds so exciting about drinking
pee, but it really turns her on."
   
    	Tina's jaw dropped and she turned to Arianwen, who had sat bolt upright
in her chair.  "Ohmygod!  You like drinking PEE?  That's so..."
   
    	But Arianwen, facing what she was sure would be her sister's disgusted
condemnation, had fled, moving with a speed that astonished Tina, Ellen and Kim. 
Ken nodded at Jane, who sighed and went after her.  Then he and Ellen looked at
Tina.
   
    	"... cool." Tina finished in a small voice.  "What'd I say?" she asked,
wide-eyed.
   
    End Chapter 2-2




Avatar 2

Chapter 3

	With a look of shock still on her face, Tina turned toward Ken and
Ellen.  "What happened?  What did I do?" she asked, starting to get up off the
chair. 
     
      	"Sit down," commanded Ken.
     
      	Tina obeyed without question, something that Ellen and Kim both noticed.
     
      	"Tina," said Ken, "I think your sister is very embarrassed.  One of her
greatest fears is that you'll stop loving her if you find out too much about her
sexuality.  Normally, this wouldn't even be an issue:  I'd guess that you two
would share a bit of information here and there.  Maybe a few, um, exciting
things that you'd done.  But we don't live like that.  People here are very free
with their sexuality, while at the same time making no judgments about what
someone else might get off on."

      	"But I didn't say anything bad to her!  I wasn't making a..."
     
      	"You are new here," interrupted Ken, "and your sister loves you very
much.  Her kink, as it were, isn't all that common, and most people would pretty
grossed out by it."
     
      	"I'm not," said Tina firmly. 
     
      	And she wasn't.  While the idea had never occurred to her until she'd
looked at the files that Ken had given her, once she'd been exposed to the
concept, she found it to be very exciting.
     
      	"Ari doesn't know that," replied Ken.  "One of her major fears about you
being here is that you'll think less of her because of what she gets in to.  As
I said, normal people don't have a wide circle of friends who know their deepest
sexual secrets."
     
      	"I'll go find her," said Tina.  "I'll explain."
     
      	"You'll do no such thing," said Ken.  "At this point, it'll just upset
her more."
     
     	 Not to mention the fact that she was currently sobbing in Jane's arms.

		+++++
     
      	"My sister hates me," sobbed Arianwen. "Did you see the look on her
face?"
     
      	"She doesn't hate you, love," said Jane.  "Not at all.  You didn't even
let her finish what she was saying."
     
      	"I already know what she was going to say," said Arianwen, her eyes red
and puffy.  "She was gonna say it was really gross.  And she's right.  I don't
know why it turns me on, I can't help it!"
     
      	"Ari, stop carrying on and listen to me," said Jane.  "Do you want to
know what the last word she said was?"
     
      	"No," said the teen, stubbornly.
     
      	"Ari, if you don't get hold of yourself, I'm going to get Master Ken and
explain the situation to him." said Jane.  "You're being completely
unreasonable."
     
      	"Fuck unreasonable!  My sister thinks I'm a gross pervert!" said, her
sobs returning with renewed vigor.
     
      	Jane realized at that point that, as stressed as Tina was, Arianwen was
just as bad, if not worse.  She'd been hiding it well, which was surprising
since they were all so connected with each other, but it was all coming out now,
and it was much worse than Jane had thought.
     
      	"You're not going to listen to reason, are you?" asked Jane.
     
      	Ari just turned from her and curled up on the bed.
     
      	"Sweetie please," pleaded Jane,  "just reach out to Tina.  Use the gifts
that Lea has given you, and you'll know that Tina doesn't hate you."
     
      	Arianwen just shook her head. In that moment, Jane realized that Ari
wasn't afraid that Tina would be grossed out by things that got her off;
Arianwen was afraid that Tina *wouldn't* be.  Ari knew now, in her heart, that
her sister would be more than happy to have sex with her, that her sister wasn't
in the least turned off by Ari's interests, and she just couldn't handle it.

	"Do you want me to go get Master?" she asked.
     
     	"Please, just leave me alone, Jane." replied Arianwen in a sharp tone of
voice.  "I don't need Ken to tell me what to do."
    
     	Jane stood and looked at her wife.  In a somewhat frosty tone she said,
"You are Master Ken's slave.  When you agreed to become his slave, you gave over
certain rights to him.  You wanted him to control aspects of your sexuality --
gave them to him as gifts.  Are you planning on asking for your release as his
slave?"
    
     	"Of course not," came Ari's scornful voice. "But you're my wife, not my
Master, and right now I'm really pissed at you."
    
     	"Why?  For asking you to do something that you should have done last
week?"
    
     	Arianwen was silent and Jane sighed and left the room. 
    
     	Ken knew there as a problem even before Jane came back, because Arianwen
had shut him out.  He knew that he had the power to push past the shield she'd
erected.  He had no intention of doing that, of course, but the realization that
he could do that was a surprise.  Perhaps, because he'd never considered that
this situation would arise -- which was stupid, since he'd shut them out at one
time. 
    
     	When Jane returned to the patio, knelt in the most submissive pose she
knew, knees wide, her chest on the ground with her arms extended.  
    
     	"What's wrong?" he sighed.  It was more of a statement than a question.
    
     	"Where's my sister?" asked Tina.
    
     	"Master, I believe, strongly, that one of your slaves needs to be
brought back to reality.  She is not thinking clearly and I think she needs your
help."

      	"Tell me where Ally is," said Tina, "and I'll go talk to her."
     
      	Ken shook his head.  "You," he said to the teen, "stay away from Ari --
at least for the moment.  She's really upset, and when people are upset they say
and do stupid things.  You," he said to Jane, "have done all you can.  Why don't
you see what Master Gary is doing?"
     
      	Jane silently rose.  Ken knew she was upset, but giving her to Gary for
a while should focus her attention on relieving her sexual frustration, rather
than letting it add to how upset she was.  Sex wasn't the answer to everything,
but in this household... well... it wasn't a bad answer to a lot of things.
     
      	Ken walked into the bedroom to find Arianwen kneeling on the floor in
much the same position her wife had been in only moments ago.  He squatted in
front of the girl, who didn't even look up.  "Sweetie, you're blocking me out,"
he said in a gentle voice.
     
      	She trembled, but was silent.  Arianwen had realized that if Ken could
read her, he'd know what she really wanted.  If he knew that, then Goddess only
knew what would happen.  She was afraid to even contemplate the thought.
     
      	Ken sighed.  "Tell me Arianwen, do you want your release from being my
slave?"
     
      	"No, Master," her voice was very firm.
     
      	"Then since you are still claiming to be my slave, I require honest
answers to my questions."
     
      	"Yes, Master," she said, neither looking up at him or moving from her
position.
     
      	"Is sex with Tina something that is an absolute no-go?  Or is it a
current limit that that you have?"
     
     	The question wasn't as strange as it seemed.  Normally, a 'limit' was
something that a slave, or Master, decided was an action they would not, or
could not, perform.  Limits could be explored, changed or even removed when the
time was right.  In effect, Ken was asking Arianwen if she wanted him to decide
if she should be given to her sister.   
    
     	"A limit," Ari whispered.  Then she trembled, because she knew that
she'd just given Ken permission to make her have sex with her sister, if he so
desired.  There was little doubt in her mind that he did so desire.  Fear ran
through her body, and she desperately hoped that Ken would know the right thing
to do.  
    
     	The next thing she knew, Ken was buckling a steel collar around her
neck, then cuffing her hands behind her.  Finally, a leash was attached to her
nipple rings, and she was urged to her feet.  Ken was not gentle as he pulled
her into the dungeon, and her nipples were throbbing and swelling from the harsh
tugs on her rings.  Naturally, due to the changes in her body, the harsh
treatment made her cunt contract with lust, and she was panting with desire by
the time they were in the room.  Slowly, her mental shields came down, and Ken
was finally able to perceive the full torment the girl had been in since Tina
had arrived.
    
     	He cursed himself for not being more attentive, but Ari's mind was
powerful, even more so then he'd thought before.  Powerful and subtle.  She'd
been hiding her desires, and just how very upset she was, from all of them since
Tina entered the household. 
    
     	He spun her to look at him, then kissed her.
    
     	"Ari, my wife, why did you hide this?  Why didn't you come to Jane and I
and let us help?"
    
     	Ari was starting to tremble, now with shame added to her general
emotional turmoil. "I was afraid," she said.  "Afraid that you would make Tina
leave, and I couldn't risk that."
    
     	Ken shook his head.  "My love, you have to know that we'd never let
anything happen to either of you.  Jane and I love you very much, and Tina is
your sister.  We would have done everything we could to make sure she was taken
care of."
    
     	Ari looked at the floor.  "Yes, Master."
    
     	Ken kissed her again, and Ari allowed the rush of passion to ease the
intense shame and anxiety that she'd been feeling all week.  Very soon after
that, she found herself in a situation that she loved: placed in very strict,
uncomfortable bondage.
    
     	"Oh," said Ken as he turned to leave, "in case you were wondering,
Tina's last word was 'cool'."
    
     	Over the next two hours, her bondage was changed three times, the second
time by Ellen.  Ari was used by several people, but Ken was the only one to give
her an orgasm, and that was in the first ten minutes or so.  Her body was ablaze
with need.
    
     	Currently, the position she was tied in was very strict.  She was
kneeling, her legs spread very wide and held that way by a bar tied between her
knees.  Her ankles had also been tied to hold them in place, and she'd been bent
backwards over a bar that was positioned toward her lower back.  Her wrists had
been cuffed together and pulled over her head and attached to the bar that was
holding her legs spread, keeping her body arched.  Welts on her chest, stomach
and inner thighs attested to the liberal use of the cane leaning against her
side, and her body was slick with sweat.  A large ring gag had been stuffed her
in mouth, and she was securely blindfolded. 
    
     	Finally, strings had been attached to her nipple rings, then pulled
through rings overhead.  Heavy weights were attached to where the strings were
joined, with more weights available nearby, should anyone decide to add some to
the already-considerable number.  Each small breast was pulled into a tight
cone, and her nipples were extended to well over an inch.  Currently, this was
the real torture for her, since the constant stimulation to her nipples, painful
as it was, gave her intense pleasure -- just not quite enough to make her cum.
    
     	Ken had placed her in this bondage and he had carefully positioned her
in the room as well.  The trap was baited, so to speak, and he was sure it would
be sprung.
    
     	It was, but Arianwen had to suffer in that position for over a half
hour.  Ken and Ellen were playing with Kim when it happened.
    
     	After the conversations by the pool, Tina had been upset.  She didn't
want her sister to think she hated her, and no one would let her talk to Ari. 
Ken came downstairs and spent some time reassuring Tina, and she ended up
feeling at least a little better.  Eventually, he explained that since she was a
slave, Ari was currently occupied upstairs.  He reminded Tina of the rules of
the house, including the fact that she wasn't allowed to touch a slave without
permission.  He reminded her of what the safe and caution words were, then went
back upstairs. 
    
     	Tina and Ellen continued to speak, with both of them getting more
excited all the time.  Ellen was carelessly playing with Kim, even bringing her
to an orgasm in front of Tina.  This had a powerful affect on the teen, and she
had to excuse herself to go masturbate.  Tina wondered momentarily if Ellen
would consider playing with her, but then remembered her 'master plan' and
decided not to pursue it.
    
     	Masturbation was no cure, and somehow her self induced orgasms left her
even more aroused and frustrated than she'd been before she tried to relieve
herself.  The energy in the house saw to that.  Finally, she couldn't take it
anymore.  She had to see what was going on in the play room.
    
     	The sight that greeted her when she glanced through the double doors
slammed her into overdrive.  There were several scenes going on, things were
happening that she had never thought to see in her life, let alone see live and
in person.  Her eyes came to rest on one person in the room, and from that point
on, nothing else could catch her attention.  She walked forward. 
    
     	Tina stood trembling next to Arianwen.  She felt like she was standing
in front of a huge furnace, except instead of heat blasting her body, it was
lust.  Everything about what she saw gave her dual feelings: she wanted to be in
the position her sister was in, and she wanted to have put her sister in that
position.
    
     	Ari's scent, the fact that her body was slightly trembling, the harsh
pull on her nipples, the swollen, red sex, and especially the welts on her skin
drove all thought from Tina.  She wanted Arianwen and now, nothing could stop
her.  Ari couldn't even see her!
    
     	Of course, Tina had no idea that Arianwen didn't need to see her to know
she was there.  Finally, she allowed Tina's desires to invade her mind.  She
accepted how much Tina wanted her, knew the state her sister was in and was
sorry it was her fault.  And when Tina took one finger and ran it over a welt on
Ari's stomach, it was all Ari could do not to cum. 
    
     	Ari's soaked, swollen cunt irresistibly drew Tina's finger to it, and
she lightly ran her finger over Ari's inner lips, coating her finger with her
sister's essence.  The bound girl trembled, trying not to have an orgasm right
there.
    
     	Tina though, actually had a small orgasm when she put that finger into
her mouth.  Her mind was focused on nothing but her sister, as she ran another
finger up the taut skin of Ari's breast.  She even gently squeezed the stretched
bud at the end, testing the tension on it.
    
     	That was all Arianwen could take and she came, her orgasm releasing all
the pent up desire that she'd been hiding.  The energy flooded over her sister,
as well, causing Tina to have another orgasm, even though she hadn't even
touched her own body.
    
     	"Having fun?" asked Ken.
    
     	Tina actually yelled, she was so surprised.  She spun and faced him,
completely speechless.  Tina knew she was in so, SO much trouble; the one thing
Ken had made absolutely clear was that she was not to touch anyone without
permission.  She didn't care, though; this had been more than worth it.
    
     	"Tina, you were told you weren't allowed to touch anyone, weren't you?"
asked Ken.
    
     	"Yes, sir," said the girl, almost in a whisper.  A whisper that was
still defiant.
    
     	He paused, appearing to think things through, then said, "I'm going to
give you a choice: You can leave this room and be completely excluded from these
parties until I decide otherwise, or you can accept a punishment."
    
     	Tina's heart was going a mile a minute.  Her mouth was dry, and it
seemed hard to breathe.  But her body was almost feverish with lust.  The last
thing she wanted was to be barred from this fascinating world she'd just walked
in to.
    
     	"What... what punishment?"
    
     	"You will do exactly what I tell you to do for the rest of the evening. 
Your safeword will belong to me, and your only concern will be to serve me in
whatever way I choose."  Ken had absolutely no doubt what her choice would be. 
The way he'd worded the question was so close to what she'd read in the stories
he'd given her, that there was no doubt what his intensions were. 
    
     	Tina shuddered.  She would be completely at his mercy, no way out.  Her
virgin cunt clenched as she realized that it might not be virginal too much
longer.  This was a moment she'd been waiting for for days.  Not long, in the
grand scheme of things, but long enough for a girl with her hormones who'd been
bathed in intense sexual energy for a week.
    
     	Tina looked up into his face and just nodded her assent, too afraid to
even try and speak.
    
     	"Well, first things first," he said.  "You were teasing your sister, and
I know that she really needs an orgasm."
    
     	Well, another one, anyway, he thought as he began running his fingers
lightly over Tina's shoulders and down her sides.  His touch was maddening,
making the girl shiver as her nerve endings responded to his caresses. 
    
     	"Your sister loves to have her nipples played with," continued Ken as
his fingers lightly ran just beneath the skin of Tina's breasts.  "She gets off
on very rough nipple play, so the weights that are pulling on her nipple rings
are really just a big tease.  They hurt, but the pain is only enough to tease
her, not make her cum."
    
     	Tina was surprised that she was able to focus on what Ken was saying. 
Her own pussy was actually starting to drip and her nipples ached for his touch. 
Still, the most his fingers had done were glide under her breasts, now just
barely grazing the bottoms.  He was lightly caressing her inner thighs with his
other hand, the fingers so close to her sex that they were getting wet with her
slick fluids.
    
     	"Take a weight and add it to the ring that the strings are tied to,"
said Ken.
    
     	With a shaking hand, Tina picked up a small weight.  Her sister's
nipples looked stretched to the limit, and Tina didn't want to hurt her -- too
badly.
    
     	"But she likes to be hurt, Tina," said Ken.  Tina was too far gone to
notice that he'd answered her thought.  "Use a heavier one."  His hand grazed
one of Tina's outer lips, and she moaned.  How much more could she take?
    
     	She picked up a heavier weight and clipped it to the ring.  Her sister
moaned and shifted as her abused nipples were pulled even further from her body. 
Goddess, she was so close!
    
     	"Now, I want you to put your finger in the ring, like that, and tug it."
    
     	Ken made Tina pull and release the ring, each time sharply tugging her
sister's nipples.  This drove Ari crazy, and she started moaning loudly.  Tina,
thinking she was really hurting Ari, jumped, pulling her hand away from the
ring.
    
     	She received a stinging slap on her ass for that, and her eyes opened
wide in shock.
    
     	Ken's arm was like a steel bar around Tina's upper body as he spoke in
her ear.  "You *are* really hurting her, Tina," he said, once again answering
her unspoken thoughts.  "That's what she wants."
    
     	The warmth from the slap on her ass added to the other sensations in her
body, and Tina found she was close to having an orgasm herself.  She wondered if
Ken would hit her ass again.
    
     	Instead his hand dropped to her waist, and she could feel his hard cock
grinding into her back.  She was directed to tug on the ring again, this time
harder.  She followed his directions, pulling and releasing, obviously bringing
her sister closer and closer to a huge orgasm.
    
     	The closer Arianwen got, the more excited Tina got.  Tina moaned loudly
when Ken's finger began stroking her swollen clitoris in time with her tugs on
the ring.  Ken timed it so that when Arianwen exploded with her orgasm, Tina had
one as well, his finger stroking her to the biggest cum she'd ever had.  He was
happy to see that, even though Tina was completely absorbed by her and her
sister's orgasms, she kept up just the right amount of pressure on the ring. 
Enough to string out Ari's orgasm, but not enough to do her real damage.
    
     	Afterward, Tina almost collapsed as her knees went weak.  She let go of
the ring on her way down, and Ken gently lowered her.  Genie quietly gave him a
water bottle and when Tina was back with him, he handed it to her.
    
     	"You must be responsible when you play with a bound slave," he said. 
"Take the ring gag out of her mouth and ask her if she wants some water before
you untie her."
    
     	Tina rose, somewhat unsteady on her feet.  Her body responded with
renewed lust as Ken steadied her, and she wondered when and if he would take
her.  She hoped if he did, that her sister would be there too.
    
     	She unbuckled the ring gag and gently pulled it out of her sister's
mouth.  Ari worked her jaw a bit.
    
     	"Would... do you want some water?" she asked.
    
     	Tina, despite her lust, was a little afraid.  What would her sister say
to her?  Would she be pissed that Tina had touched her?
    
     	Whatever she was expecting, what she heard wasn't it.  The soft,
submissive tone in Arianwen's voice made Tina's belly tighten and her pussy
actually contract.
    
     	"Please, Mistress."
    
     	Two simple words, one of which Tina had never associated with herself
outside of her deepest fantasies.  Words that made her want to do all kinds of
things to her sister.  With a shaking hand, she put the bottle to Ari's lips and
watched her sister drink deeply.
    
     	Who'd have thought that untying someone could be so erotic?  wondered
Tina.  But it was erotic, easily the most sexy thing she'd ever done.  Ken gave
her directions, and Tina slowly released her sister from her bondage, starting
with the blindfold. 

	Once she had removed that and the weights from Ari's nipples, Ken leaned
close to Tina's ear and whispered, "Talk to her.  Tell her she's beautiful. 
Make sure that nothing is really hurting.  Stroke her skin and tell her how much
she pleased you."
    
     	Tina did, shyly at first.  Most of her shyness disappeared whenAri
softly begged her for a kiss.
   
     	"Please, Mistress," she said, "May your slave have a kiss?"
    
     	Tina leaned close and gently brushed her lips against Arianwen's.  Ever
so slowly, she began to kiss her sister, and when Tina slid her tongue into
Ari's welcoming mouth, she also slid a finger over Ari's clit.  Ari came, and
Tina had never felt so fulfilled in her life.
    
     	Ken watched the erotic play in front of him.  At this point, he was far
from a stranger to sex, but watching these two was one of the most intense
sexual experiences he'd ever had.  Arianwen pushed her sex into her sister's
knowing fingers, and Tina expertly brought her sister off while kissing her
deeply.  All that practice on her own pussy had made Tina's fingers quite deft.
    
     	Tina was in heaven.  Her sister's kiss was the sweetest thing she'd ever
tasted, and cupping Ari's wet sex in her hand made her dizzy.  She actually felt
it herself when Ari came, and couldn't resist licking and sucking her sister's
neck, down to her breasts.  Ari's skin tasted hot and salty and oh so fine to
Tina, who sucked a swollen nipple into her mouth.  She pulled the ring with her
tongue and bit with her teeth, giving Arianwen yet another orgasm.  Finally,
very reluctantly, she pulled away from her sister, and Ken helped her release
Ari from the rest of her bondage.
    
     	They walked Arianwen over to a bench, and Ken helped Tina tie her to it. 
Tina was dizzy with lust; binding her sister was an amazing experience.  Once
again, her arms were tied above her head as she lay on the bench.  Each leg was
widely spread and pulled toward her head, then tied to rings in the floor at the
ankle and knee.  Tina noted that her sister was very flexible, because she'd
never seen a woman so open and vulnerable.  Ari could hide nothing.  Her outer
lips spread wide, exposing her swollen inner lips, and Tina drank in the sight
of her helpless pussy and tiny, pink asshole.
    
     	"Just to let you know Tina, when we're finished with Arianwen, it'll be
your turn."
    
     	Tina looked at Ken, her pupils dilated with lust, and said, "Yes,
Master."
    
     	Ken picked up a whip with a number of wide falls and began Tina's
lesson.
    
     	Twenty minutes later, Tina had her sister begging for an orgasm.  She
was pretty good with a whip, and Ken explained how to slowly bring Arianwen up
the curve of arousal.  He explained how and where to use the whip, how to read
the signs of Ari's body to tell when she was getting near to orgasm.  Not that
she needed to know that last, but she'd never associated whipping someone with
making them cum -- at least until recently.  Ken smiled and wondered how Tina
would handle being with Jane. 
    
     	Eventually, Tina ended up standing between Ari's legs, with several of
her fingers inside her sister and whipping her bright red chest.
    
     	"Oh, please, Mistress," begged Ari. "Please, can I cum?"
    
     	Tina backed off and removed her fingers from Ari's pussy.  They were
coated with a thick layer of her clear oils.  She stepped back a little and
looked down at the swollen pussy and wanted nothing more than to slide her
tongue over the lips.  Even, she thought, even that cute, pink hole that was
just under Ari's sex.
    
     	"Just do it," said Ken.  "You know her safe word, she's begging you to
let her cum.  This is about your pleasure too.  She's yours, for the moment, so
take her."
    
     	Tina dropped the whip, and Ari watched as her sister slowly sank to her
knees.  The first touch of Tina's tongue made her buck against the ropes, and
she started begging over andover.
   
     	"Please, please, oh please..."
    
     	"Of course, my love," said Tina.
    
     	Her sister's taste was like nothing she'd ever imagined.  She just
couldn't get enough of it.  She licked and sucked and swallowed, doing all the
things she imagined would feel good on her own pussy.  Her sister's scent was
different than her own, and it excited Tina beyond reason.   She even found her
tongue dipping lower to Ari's other hole and pushing into that.  Through it all,
Ari had what seemed like one continuous orgasm, squirming and crying out, her
pussy clenching on her sister's fingers.
    
       	Finally, long past the time when Tina knew her own sex would be too
sensitive, she stopped sucking Ari's clit.  Her sister lay there and panted,
bathed in sweat with her skin flushed, whispering "thankyou, thankyou," over and
over.
      
       	"Shall we let her up?" asked Ken.
      
       	Tina found that, as much as she loved getting Arianwen off, her own body
was still raging with lust.  She wondered if it would be okay if she sat on
Ari's face.  She also wondered if Ken was going to touch her again.  Still, she
was learning here, and wasn't sure how far they'd let her go.  Besides, Ken had
made it quite clear she was being punished -- not that this was much of a
punishment.  Perhaps her punishment was that she wouldn't be allowed to cum any
more tonight.  She knew that was a common punishment for slaves.
    
     	Ken had her untie Arianwen, then let the two of them cuddle for a few
minutes as he quietly explained aftercare to Tina.  She fed her sister water,
caressed her and gently brought her back to earth.
    
     	It wasn't needed: Arianwen was Circle, and she hadn't been subjected to
the kind of treatment that would warrant aftercare.  The level that she
experienced sex at was totally different than what a normal person would
experience.  For instance, she wasn't physically too cold or too out of it to
fend for herself.  But she welcomed Tina's words and caresses and gratefully
returned her kisses.
    
     	Ken was happy to see his wife finally accept her feelings for Tina and
to accept Tina's feelings for her.  He let the two of them snuggle and kiss for
a while.  Tina did her best to control the lust raging through her body and just
enjoy the feel of her sister's skin against her own.  Ken brought more water for
both of them and the teens drank deeply. 
    
     	Tina had just started to relax a bit when Ken stood up and smiled at
them.
    
     	"Okay, Tina.  Now it's your turn."
    
     	Once again he was greeted with a wide-eyed stare of surprise.  She'd
forgotten all about his earlier comment.
    
     End chapter 2-3




Avatar 2

Chapter 4

      	Tina's light green eyes suddenly showed her fear and excitement.  Her
turn?  She didn't think she could take what they'd done to Ari, despite how
excited the thought made her.
           
      	Ken pulled Tina to her feet while looking at Arianwen and saying, "You
will assist me."
     
      	Ari gulped and nodded.  Then a faint smile touched her lips; the minx
that had been missing all week was slowly returning.
     
      	Ken tied Tina onto one of the bondage tables in much the same way her
sister had been bound.  He was surprised by her flexibility which, while it
didn't match Arianwen's, was still impressive.
     
      	Each arm was stretched above her head and her legs were folded back and
opened, ankles tied to thighs.  He was able to tie her legs almost flat to the
table. Tina was not unaware of how open she was; the feeling of vulnerability
made her softly moan.  Her sex, with its shaved lips and dark red hair on her
mons, looked much like her sister's.  As Ken took in the sight of Tina's nude,
stretched body, he saw that she'd stopped shaving under her arms.  No doubt to
get Arianwen's attention.
     
      	This did not escape Arianwen's notice either, and she bit her lip while
examining the beginning of hair growth there.  Ari's stomach knotted with lust
as she imagined what Tina would look like if she decided to stop shaving.
     
      	Tina was beside herself.  The ropes made her feel deliciously helpless. 
She wondered what Ken was going to do to her. 
     
      	Initially, nothing.
     
      	"Arianwen, you may indulge yourself," said Ken with a big smile.  "As
punishment, Tina has agreed to give herself to me for tonight.  I hold her
safeword, so you will ignore any protests from her.  I'll let you know if you
should stop something you're doing."
     
      	Ken knew that there would be no need to tell Arianwen anything of the
kind.  He'd said it only for Tina's benefit because Ari could read her sister as
easily as he could.  She'd know if she was pushing her sister too far.     
     
      	Ari looked down at her sister, the object of her lust of so many years. 
She'd wanted her sister, perhaps not exactly like this, but wanted her badly. 
Arianwen wanted to serve her sister, not the other way around.  But now that she
was in touch with her sister's wants and needs, she knew that her sister was
very submissive to a dominant person.  At the moment, Tina felt like she
belonged to Ken.  Actually, Ari realized, Tina just considered that she belonged
to Ken period.  Ari wondered if Ken was aware of that.  Certainly she didn't
have any objections.
     
      	She started by kissing and licking Tina's inner thighs, working her way
up to the girl's fragrant pussy, then backing away just as she got close.  Tina
moaned and tried to get Ari to eat her, but her efforts were in vain.  Arianwen
was now in full Minx mode and knew exactly what Tina needed --  which wasn't
exactly what she wanted.
     
      	Tina, for her part, saw the change in her sister and was amazed.  This
incredibly sexy creature was playing with her?  Wanted her?  How could that be? 
     
      	But there was little doubt that it was the case, as Ari explored every
inch of Tina's body that she could get to, with the exception of her pussy. 
Tina stiffened and groaned as Ari pushed her tongue inside her tight back hole. 
She sighed as her toes and the arches of her feet were nipped and sucked.  She
wiggled as Ari licked under each arm, then moved to Tina's turgid nipples and
bit them.  Tina responded to nipple pain the same way Arianwen did: with extreme
lust. 
     
      	Ari wondered just what else she would respond to, and picked up a crop. 
She lightly tapped it all over Tina's body and the girl jumped with every tap,
especially as the taps grew rapidly harder.  Ari snapped the head of the crop on
Tina's left nipple and her sister almost came.  But Ari was fully in touch with
Tina now and knew exactly how to play her body.
     
      	Tina's first extended sexual experience was at the hands of a High
Priestess of a sex goddess.  She floated away on the sensations, but still,
somehow, Arianwen managed to keep Tina grounded and aware of what was happening
to her.  Tina had never felt anything so intense in her life.
     
      	She was dimly aware that several other people had gather around to watch
them and shrieked her orgasm when Arianwen slid her tongue through her coated
pussy lips.  She had another one when Ari sucked her clit into her mouth, but
somehow, despite all the pleasure, she wasn't feeling a true release.  Each
orgasm was mind blowing, but only left her wanting more.
     
      	Ari moved from between Tina's legs and knelt next to her head to whisper
in her ear.  It was hard for Tina to listen because Ari was also slapping the
crop on her clit.
     
      	"You want more, don't you?" asked Ari.
     
      	"Yes..." whimpered Tina.
     
      	"I'll give you the best orgasm you've ever had if you do something for
me."
     
      	"Anything... please, uh, UH!  anything!"  Tina's body strained against
the ropes in time with the smart raps of the crop against her clit.
     
      	Grinning Arianwen knelt again between her sister's legs.  She tortured
the girl for another minute or so, and Tina began to get a real understanding of
just how out of control her sister could make her.  Finally, Ari used two
fingers to spread her sister's inner labia wide.  The other hand she rested on
the girl's stomach -- right over her bladder.
     
      	"Remember?" she said to the crazed teen.  "You said it was 'cool'?"
     
      	Crazed or not, Tina managed to understand what her sister was talking
about.  The understanding was helped along by a gentle push on her bladder and
Ari's lips sucking at the tiny hole above her drooling vagina.  A light tickle
with her tongue, and Ari received what she'd desperately wanted from her sister
for years.
     
      	Tina felt her entire body tingling as she began to empty her bladder
into her sister's sucking mouth.  The orgasms she'd had before this paled as
this new wave crashed over her.  She had no breath left to scream and was able
to do nothing be experience the purest pleasure she'd ever felt as her hot fluid
poured into her sister's mouth.  Tina's last thought, before she completely
passed out, was that her sister must love her very much to give her such a
shattering orgasm.
           
      	Ken was cutting the ropes even before Tina lost consciousness.  Everyone
who was watching the scene between the girls was effected.  Ari had an orgasm
just from the outpouring of energy from Tina.  Ellen and Kim did, as well.  Bill
was driven into a frenzy while pounding Genie, who eagerly accepted his cock. 
No one was left unaffected, even Ken.  But Ken was more concerned about Tina and
so staved off the energy that crackled around him.
     
      	He and Arianwen carried the limp teen down the hall into her bedroom. 
She barely stirred when he lay her down, except to reach for Ari.  She wasn't
even conscious, but they both knew what she wanted.
     
      	"You should stay here the night.  I suspect that when she wakes up,
she's going to be a bit confused and pretty sore," said lightly kissing his wife
on the lips.
     
      	"Thank you, Master," said Ari.  Her own body echoed with Tina's orgasm
and his need.  She was torn because she wanted him to make love to her -- and,
she realized, Tina.  It was obvious that Tina was down for the count, though.
     
      	"Don't worry about me, love," smiled Ken.  "Tina will need you more. 
Plus, I'm sure I can find some willing slave to help me out."  He shook his
head,  "You and Tina.  When she becomes a Priestess, I'm not sure I should let
you two hook up with anyone who's not Circle."
     
      	Ari smiled a shy smile, then said, "I'm sorry I was such an ass."
     
      	"We all have a lot to learn," said Ken, thinking of his own screw-ups
where Tina was concerned.
     
      	When he returned to the dungeon, Jane and Sandy were more than happy to
help relieve him of his frustration.
     
      	The next morning was the first time that Arianwen missed the morning
workout.  Jane, sore as hell and tired, still managed, but Ari didn't appear
until almost noon.

			+++++
     
      	The first thing Tina saw when she woke in the bright light of the
morning was her sister smiling at her.  She was sore, but had never felt such
contentment and lassitude in her life.
     
      	"Good morning, love," said Arianwen.
     
      	Tina shyly smiled and dropped her eyes.
     
      	Ari stroked her hair gently and asked, "Should I leave?"
     
      	Tina's rapid ,"No!  Never!" was quickly followed by a full-body hug.
     
      	They talked for a time, then Ari heard her sister's stomach growl.  Ari
was ravenous, but unwilling to leave Tina.  And Tina was unwilling to get out of
bed for fear that this new found intimacy with her sister would be shattered.
     
      	"That sounded like you're hungry," smiled Ari.  "How about I run
downstairs and get us some food?" 
     
      	Tina was reluctant, but she needed to use the bathroom anyway, so she
nodded and headed toward it.  She stopped when she heard Ari's exclamation of
delight when she opened the door.  There was a tray piled with fruit, juice,
cereal, toast and a note reading: 'Hot food on tap -- just use the intercom to
order!  Love, Sally'
     
      	Ari carried the tray in while her sister emptied her bladder and brushed
her teeth.  Arianwen took a page out of Jane's book and used Tina's toothbrush
to do her own.
     
      	They spent several hours pampering each other.  Sitting in the hot tub
in the bathroom washing each other, feeding each other fruit, shampooing each
other's hair and just generally enjoying a slow morning.  Tina was amazed by her
sister's ability to bring her to a gut-wrenching orgasm.  She was an eager
student as well, doing her best -- which was very good, indeed -- to pleasure
Ari in return.  Finally, at around eleven, as they lay on the bed in a sun
puddle, Ari spoke.
     
      	"Tina, there's so much going on here that you don't know about, and so
much I need to tell you.  But there are several really important things you need
to know now," said Ari rolling over on to her side and laying an arm across
Tina's belly.
     
      	Tina looked at her in alarm, but Ari just smiled.  "Don't worry love,
it's all good, but it's going to sound very strange to you."
     
      	Tina remained silent, waiting for what Ari was going to say.
     
      	"First of all, you must understand that what I'm going to tell you will
not affect our relationship in any way.  We can be lovers for as long as it
suits us.  Also, you can have other lovers -- I know you want Ken, for
instance."
     
      	Tina nodded and blushed.  For all that they'd made love so many times in
the last twelve hours, Tina had never been penetrated, well, not her vagina
anyway.  Her hymen was intact, and Ari knew what Tina's plans were to get rid of
it.  She agreed whole heartedly and planned to do anything she needed to, to
facilitate Tina's plan.
     
      	"I'll help you get him, if you need it.  But I don't think you will,"
smiled Ari.
     
      	"He could have had me last night," replied Tina, "He could have done
whatever he wanted to me and didn't do anything.  I don't think he's
interested."
     
      	"Honey," Arianwen said,  "Ken knew how it stood between us.  He knew
what we needed more than anything was each other.  So he gave us the best gift
he could think of by putting us in a position where we could enjoy each other
and we...  or rather I... could get over certain inhibitions."
     
      	Tina nodded.  She and her sister had spoken at length about incest, and
Ari's fears that Tina wouldn't love her if she found out what Ari was really
like.   Arianwen was relieved that it was out in the open, especially now that
she knew her sister leaned toward some of the same things she herself enjoyed. 
In fact Ari had a strong feeling that when Tina hit her stride, she would enjoy
giving and receiving some very rough play.  She just had to work up to it.
     
      	Arianwen sighed and closed her eyes.  This was one thing that Tina would
never have thought of, and so she had no idea how she was going to react when
Ari told her.
     
      	"There's no easy way to say this love, and I hope that it doesn't freak
you out too much."  Ari felt her sister's puzzlement.  She couldn't imagine
anything that Ari could say that she would have a problem with.  "Tina, I'm
married."
     
      	Blink.
     
      	"Married?" asked Tina.  She asked the first thing that came to her mind. 
"To who?"
     
      	Ari closed her eyes for a second, then opened them and said, "I'm
married to Ken."
     
      	"Oh."
     
      	"And Jane."
     
      	"What!?"  exclaimed the girl.  "How could you be married to two people?"
     
      	It took a while, but Ari explained that in their faith, that was not a
problem.  It also took a while to convince Tina that there really was no problem
with her having sex with Ken -- or Jane, for that matter.  More than anything,
that conversation convinced Ari that her sister needed to be a Priestess.  Tina,
after asking many questions, just accepted the situation.  Really accepted it,
on the inside, and Ari was astonished.
     
      	"Wow, that's really awesome!  Jane's your wife, and Ken's your husband? 
How cool is that?"
     
      	"Very," replied Ari with a wan smile.  "But yesterday I said some things
to Jane that were cruel and uncalled for.  So I need to apologize her." And in a
way that Jane will understand well, she thought to herself
     
      	Tina nodded.  "What are you gonna say?"
     
      	Ari just shook her head and said, "I should go.  Remember what I told
you love: Don't be angry by anything that you see when I apologize."
     
      	Tina was confused, but received nothing other than a deep kiss before
her sister left the room.

	++++++
     
      	Ken, Jane, Gary and Annette were sitting at a table by the pool when
Annette's mouth just dropped open.   Gary also got a startled look on his face,
and Ken and Jane, who knew that Ari had finally emerged, wondered what she was
up to this time.
     
      	Ken turned and his eyes narrowed.  Jane turned as well, but her face was
carefully blank.  Her wife was crawling over to them with a whip and a cane
carefully grasped in her teeth.  Nothing of her feelings was hidden from the
three in the Circle: Arianwen expected her wife to punish her.  For real.
     
      	It was well known by everyone that Jane enjoyed the whip.  She needed to
be whipped about as often as a normal teen boy needed to cum.  If she bled from
it, so much the better.  Jane lived for pain.  Physical pain.  Her wife had
dealt her mental pain, which Jane did not enjoy in the slightest.
     
      	Ari wanted to make up for hurting her wife by being hurt in a way that
she didn't enjoy.  Ari liked having her ass whipped, loved having her breasts
whipped and even enjoyed a little of the cane, depending on how worked up she
was.  Jane and Ken both knew she wanted to be punished, not aroused.
     
      	Jane was quickly on her knees in front of Ari, who was on her widely
spread knees, with her slight breasts resting on the hot flagstones.  Her arms
were extended, and the whip, a heavy knotted cat, and the cane were in her
upturned hands.
     
      	"No, sweetie, no," protested Jane.
     
      	"I'm really sorry, Jane," sobbed Arianwen.  "Please, it's only fair, and
it'll make sure I think twice before I do it again."
     
      	"No, no, honey, no," said Jane.  "You're not like me, and those things
will hurt you."
     
      	"That's the point," said Ari.
     
      	Jane tried to gather her wife in her arms, but the small teen suddenly
seemed as if she was part of the ground, and Jane was unable to move her. Jane
stroked her back and whispered how it was okay and all was forgiven.
     
      	"Please, Jane.  You can do it right here, or we can go somewhere else,
but this is important to me.  If you can't do it, then Master can do it."
     
      	Ken absolutely didn't want to do anything of the kind.  But he knew deep
down how Arianwen felt and, rather than obviating the need for her to be
whipped, it confirmed it.  The three of them were so close together, how could a
misunderstanding like last night even arise?
     
      	"Because you are human," said Lea, answering the thought that had been
in Ken and Jane's head.
     
      	Gary almost jumped out of his skin at the woman's sudden appearance, but
no one else was surprised.  "Huh?" he asked.
     
      	Lea ignored him and knelt on one knee by Arianwen's head.  She pulled
the teen's head back by the dark red hair that spilled over her shoulders. 
There was nothing sexual at all in her actions.
     
      	"You are one of the few people who have the power to hurt my High
Priestess.  When you hurt her, you hurt me.  And you hurt your husband.  This is
not acceptable."
     
      	"Yes, Mistress," replied Ari, tears still in her eyes.
     
      	"Accept the fact that you made a mistake and move on," said Lea.  "Learn
from it."
     
      	Ari was silent and all of them could feel her disagreement with Lea's
assessment.  She'd follow Lea's orders, of course, but she wouldn't feel right
about it.  Lea gently let her head down and sighed.
     
      	"Kenneth," said Lea, "take her upstairs.  Use the whip on her.  Fifteen
on her back and ten more from the cane on her ass."  Ken was about to protest,
but Lea just looked at him.  "Ensure she is well marked when you're finished." 
Lea walked into the house before she disappeared, so as not to upset Gary even
more.
     
      	"Ari, please�" Ken tried one more time.
     
      	The girl violently shook her head.
     
      	A half-hour later, Arianwen returned downstairs where her sister and
Jane were waiting.  Her back and ass were bleeding, although not very much. 
Things would have been much worse for someone who wasn't Circle, as Ari was
already healing.  With tears in her eyes, Jane opened her arms and gingerly
gathered her small wife into them.  Tina looked on wide eyed, guilty from the
aroused feelings she got, both from the sight of the two women embracing and
from the welts on Ari's back and ass.  The other women noted Tina's reaction,
but neither were bothered by it.
     
      	Ken, on the other hand, was not happy.  He looked in dismay as the
innards of his heavy bag spilled out onto the floor from the fist-sized hole
he'd just made in its side.  The damage he'd just done to the bag was in
reaction to what he'd had to do to Arianwen.
     
      	He turned to face Lea as she appeared in the room.  "That was cruel and
uncalled for," he said.
     
      	She cocked her head sideways and looked at him.  "For all that you own
two slaves, you do not really understand them."
     
      	"That," he replied,  "is a ridiculous statement."
     
     	 "Oh really?  Then let me ask you: Why did you not wish to punish
Arianwen for her behavior?"
     
      	"What the hell are you talking about Lea?  She's not a child, she's an
adult.  Not that I'd consider beating her even if she were a child.  People make
mistakes all the time -- what am I supposed to do, beat them every time they
fuck up?  That's called abuse.  It's for barbarians to practice, not civilized
people."
     
      	Lea was silent for a moment, then said, "Kenneth, you are their Master. 
Will you only take responsibility for their pleasure and deny them the right to
pay for their mistakes in a way that makes sense to them?  That gives them
security?"
     
      	Ken just looked at his Goddess, speechless.
     
      	"Lea, I'm not into beating my wife."
     
      	She pursed her lips and said, "Of course not Kenneth.  I would never
expect you to beat your wives.  However, I do expect you to discipline your
slaves.  What is more, *they* expect you to discipline them."
     
     	Ken was silent, so Lea continued.  "Kenneth, you allowed Jane to set the
tone of Arianwen's training.  You accepted Arianwen as a slave.  Both of them
understand that, as slaves, they are subject to your decisions.  If you wish to
use them for your pleasure, then they expect you will.  If you choose to do
something to them that they do not enjoy, they expect you will do it, especially
if it brings you pleasure.  They know you are not a cruel man, and it gives them
great pleasure to serve as your slaves."
         
     	"Lea, while it's true they are slaves, *sex* slaves, I might add, they
are also human beings, not objects, and I will not treat them as objects,"
replied Ken.
    
       	"You are not listening," Lea continued relentlessly. "They expect you
will resolve issues when they come to you with them.  In this case, Arianwen
offered her pain as a way to express how sorry she was to her wife.  Your
actions would have cheapened her offer."
      
       	More silence.
      
       	"When you accepted them as slaves, you should have accepted them as the
kind of slaves that they are.  That means discipline that is sometimes not
sexual.  No one expects that that sort of discipline will be applied in all
situations, for you are right --  you are all adult human beings.  But there are
times when you will need to whip Arianwen when she displeases you.  There are
times when you will discipline Jane because she has overstepped her bounds.  You
are their Master.  Yours is the responsibility."
      
       	She stepped close to him, and his body responded against his will.  She
wasn't trying to distract him, but Lea couldn't help what She was.
      
       	"Kenneth my love, they have given you something that is so precious:
their submission.  Don't be careless with it."  She kissed him and faded away.
      
       	Ken had no idea how long he stood there before he heard a knock on the
door.
      
       	"Come in," he said.  It was Tina, currently in a ball of confusion, and
the last thing he wanted to deal with.  Even more so when he turned around.
      
       	She was naked, of course, and she was kneeling on the floor, back
straight, knees spread, with her hands behind her back.
      
       	"What are you doing?" he asked.
      
       	She quailed a little at the tone of his voice, but resolutely held her
ground.
      
       	"My sister reminded me that I agreed to be yours for the rest of the
evening.  I... um... passed out around ten, and Jane says that things didn't
break up until after three.  So we figured that I owe you at least five more
hours."
      
       	Ken closed his eyes and saw Lea's smiling face mouthing the word
'responsibility.'  This was not what he wanted to deal with right at the moment,
even though he could tell that, despite all the sex she'd had recently, Tina was
still one worked up teen.  He squatted in front of her, and her eyes drifted to
the hole in the punching bag.
     
      	"What happened to the bag?" she asked.
     
      	Ken grimaced and replied, "I put a hole in it."
     
      	Her eyes widened.  She didn't know how tough the bag was, but figured
that putting a hole in it was pretty impressive.  "Holy shit," she whispered.
     
      	Ken smiled.  "It's most likely defective.  I'll return it tomorrow.  In
the mean time," he said as her gaze returned to him, "I'd like to make a deal."
     
      	"Ari said you'd try to get out of this and not to let you."  She paused. 
"Your other wife agreed with her."
     
      	Ken's eyebrows rose as he realized that Tina and Ari had been talking a
great deal this morning.
     
      	"They are wrong.  I wouldn't let a woman as beautiful as you get away."
     
      	Tina blushed.
     
      	"But timing is everything.  I've had a pretty upsetting morning and I
want to enjoy my time with you.  Can this wait until later, or maybe tomorrow?"
     
      	"Do you promise to take the five hours I owe you?" asked the teen.
     
      	"Yes," said Ken, "I promise."
     
      	She looked shyly at the ground and said, "May I have one kiss?"
     
      	That kiss almost detonated all of his plans.  She was oh so sweet and
willing, her lips ensuring that he knew exactly what she expected when her five
hours started.  Ken almost decided to take her right there, but managed to
control himself.  Even as out of sorts as he felt, it wasn't easy.
     
      	He backed away and shooed her out the door, eventually showering and
returning to the downstairs himself.  Jane and Ari were laying down on towels,
in the shade for once.  Gary was in the pool with Annette.  Ken waved and headed
to the kitchen, where he grabbed a snack then sat down at the computer to work
on more flying simulations.
     
      	"Hey, cool stuff," said Bill as he walked into the room.  "Ya know, you
could get some control yokes and foot petals and hook them up.  Plus, a bigger
screen would get you a better experience for the game."
    
      	Naturally that lead to a discussion of just what was needed, after which
he and Bill decided to take advantage of some of the sales and hit a few stores
to buy some hardware.  They'd missed the really big sales on the 4th, but there
were still some pretty good deals.  They returned in the late afternoon to find
that the grill was fired up and food was cooking.

      	Ken was hungry and looking forward to eating.  Gary was manning the
grill with Tina's help, and the two smiled at him.  Tina insisted on a kiss. 
Then Ari came outside to get her kiss.
     
      	She looked so radiant and happy, he almost forgot what he'd done
earlier.  Almost.  But he felt odd since she was acting as if he hadn't whipped
her to tears earlier in the day.  That sort of punishment was not what he'd ever
thought of when he'd played with BDSM before.  His idea of disciplining a slave
leaned toward orgasm denial or bondage that was very uncomfortable.  Perhaps
even having the sub do something very humiliating, provided it didn't get her
off.  Even the fact that Ari'd insisted on it didn't help how uncomfortable he
felt.
     
      	Ari flowed into his arms and nuzzled herself under his chin.  "Master,
thank you for disciplining your slave.  It really helped me to clear my head."
     
      	She looked up at him, hoping for a kiss -- which he happily provided --
then zipped off with Tina to get help get the food ready.  Ken decided a walk
was in order.  It would be a few more minutes before dinner was ready anyway.
     
      				+++++
     
      	Tina was feeling much better since last night -- the constant
frustration and confusion she'd been feeling were gone.  She attributed it to
the fact that she'd managed to make love to her sister, and that was part of it. 
Most of it was the fact that she'd been able to release the energy that her body
had been building up. 
     
      	She already knew she had a high sex drive, but for some reason, every
time she looked at Jane or her sister, she got excited.  Perhaps, she thought,
it was because now the ice was broken.  She'd made love with her sister, and
everyone here knew it.  That, in and of itself, gave her a kick.  But it seemed
to her as if some barrier was broken.  She was free to sleep with anyone that
she wanted.  Well, she thought, anyone she wanted who wanted her.
     
      	Tina looked around and spotted Joan.  She shivered, remembering the feel
of the woman's hands on her the other night.  It had been so delicious.  She
wondered if the other woman would be interested in a little... play.  Joan was
wearing a collar and cuffs, as she normally did around here, and since Tina
wasn't currently serving anyone as a slave, she wondered if perhaps Joan would
be interested in serving her.
     
      	Jane and Ari looked at each other.  They'd been following Tina's little
fantasy about Joan.  It wasn't difficult; the girl's projections were very
strong.
     
      	"I think we'd better head your sister off at the pass.  Joan might not
be ready for this," said Jane.
     
      	Ari looked at her wife and smiled.  "I think you should do that.  She's
intimidated by you."
     
      	Jane's eyes narrowed, but she realized that Ari was right.  While
intimidated wasn't exactly the right word, it was close.  Jane was so powerful
in her acceptance of what could be done to her body, that Tina was nervous
around her.  It was sort of like a new driver being given an Indy car to drive
around -- too much power to deal with.  Tina needed to get over that, and there
was no time like the present to start.
     
      	Tina was just getting ready to go to Joan when Jane sat down.
     
      	"How're you feeling today?" she asked the teen.
     
      	"Uh, fine," replied Tina, a bit startled.
     
      	They made small talk for a minute or two, then Jane said,  "You looked
like you really enjoyed yourself last night."
     
      	Tina blushed and smiled.
     
      	"You and your sister are very beautiful," said Jane.
 
      	"Don't you mean me and your wife?" countered Tina.  She was embarrassed
by the other woman's compliments and wanted to turn the focus of the
conversation away from herself.
     
      	"Yes." agreed Jane.  "You know, since she *is* my wife, that makes you
and I sisters."
     
      	Tina brightened and said, "Hey, I never thought of it that way."
     
      	"Yup." smiled Jane.  "So," she continued in a low voice, "perhaps I
could get to know my sister a little better?"
     
      	Tina didn't understand what Jane meant for a second, then blushed a deep
red.  "Um, I... uh, I guess... if you want."
     
      	Jane wouldn't have pushed, if she didn't know how turned on Tina was. 
The girl felt like a fire had been lit in her belly when she thought of the
things she'd seen Jane endure.  Would she have the courage to use the woman like
that?  Tina sensed that taking that much control over someone was a huge
responsibility and knew that she was not up to that.
     
      	Jane stood and held out her hand.  "Would you like to come inside with
me for a few minutes?"
     
      	Tina mutely nodded, and the women went inside.

			+++++
           
      	All and all, the evening went very well, and everyone retired to the
mansion quite late.  Tina was absolutely astonished when she was offered a place
in the master bedroom.  She was shy about accepting, but accepted nonetheless. 
She was even more surprised when they actually went to sleep. 
     
      	Well, she and Jane had a little interlude just before bed.  When they
had gone inside just before dinner, Jane had started Tina's education in the use
of a slave, using herself as the slave.  Tina received a number of awesome
orgasms from Jane, but never did get around to touching Jane very much.  Jane
did not cum at all, knowing that she'd need permission from Ken for that.
     
      	Just before they piled into bed, Tina wanted to taste Jane because she
had not done so earlier, so she just ordered her to spread her legs while they
were in the bathroom together.  Jane complied with a smile, and Tina played with
the other woman, especially enjoying the taste of her pussy. 

      	Now, Tina couldn't sleep.  Aside from the fact that she wasn't used to
sleeping with someone -- never mind three someones -- she was extremely aroused
again.  She kept remembering the taste of Jane's pussy in her mouth and wondered
if she dared play with herself.  She let out a startled gasp when a set of
fingers slid over her wet pussy, then a soft groan as they expertly played with
her inner lips in just the way she loved.  Fire spread through her chest as
another set of fingers tweaked her nipples and ran nails over her breasts.
     
      	She became dizzy from the sensations, and when a pair of soft lips
kissed her cheek, she couldn't hold back a loud groan.  Her orgasm was so
intense that she actually slid right into sleep while a pair of arms held her in
her bliss.
     
      End chapter 2-4




Avatar 2
Chapter 5

      	Tina was warm and comfortable, aside from the fact that her bladder was
very full.  Someone was holding her.  She recognized Jane's scent and smiled,
opening her eyes and to see that Jane was still sleeping.  She quietly left the
bed and used the bathroom, decided on a shower and padded down to her own room
to use the bathroom there.  She hadn't felt this good in ... well, actually she
couldn't ever remember feeling this good.  Once in her bathroom, Tina looked at
herself in the full length mirror.  She liked what she saw.
     
      	She cupped a breast in each hand and teased her nipples with her thumbs. 
They stiffened into thick, pink points and she sighed with pleasure.  Glancing
back into the mirror, she noted that her pussy was displayed by the gap between
her upper thighs, and the fact that she shaved the lips displayed her sex even
better.  Tina stretched, lifting her arms over her head and noticed that the
hair there was a lot more noticeable.  It was only slightly darker than the
red-gold color on her head, and she wondered if it would get her sister's
notice.  Certainly, Ari was attracted by the fact that Annette didn't shave, and
Tina thought it was pretty sexy, too.  She frowned, realizing that she'd have to
shave again when she restarted school.  That got her to wondering what she was
going to be doing for school in the fall.
     
      	However, Tina did not want to think about all this now and firmly cut
off that line of thought.  Today, she was going to spend five hours as Ken's
slave.  That was what she wanted to concentrate on.  Turning on the shower, she
waited until the water was at a comfortable temperature, then stepped inside.
     
   				+++++
     
      	"How are you feeling this morning, Joan?" asked Ken, sitting down with
some coffee.
     
      	Since she'd had to work Friday, Joan had done something very
uncharacteristic for her: she'd taken off Monday.   Sort of.  At the moment, she
was sitting on one of the lounges by the pool, working on her laptop computer. 
She looked up at Ken and smiled.
     
      	"Fine, thank you."  The nude woman stretched, which did wonderful things
to her body.  She blushed a little as Ken eyed her appreciatively.  With all the
beautiful women around here, Joan still wasn't sure what he saw in her, but it
was obvious he was attracted to her.  Apparently, so were Bill and Genie,
because she'd spent the night in their bed, doing ... well, a lot.
     
      	Ken couldn't resist her, though, and scooted close for a quick
good-morning kiss.  It ended up being not so quick, and before she knew it, Joan
had eased her thighs open to give him access to her wet heat.  Her orgasm was
strong, as it always was when she was here, and she sighed in contentment as he
held her while she came back to earth.
     
      	"That felt so very good," said Joan as Ken slid out of her body.  A rush
of their fluids followed, and she eyed Ken's slippery cock with hunger.  Then
she blushed, wondering what the hell had turned her into such a slut.  Those
thoughts didn't keep her from quickly leaning forward and capturing his member
to suck it clean.
    
      	"You," said Ken as she picked up her laptop again, "work too much."
     
      	Still aroused despite her great orgasm, Joan looked at him and said,
"Does Master have other tasks for his slave?"
     
      	"Or perhaps said slave would be interested in serving another Master
today?" came Eric's voice.  He, Sally and the baby arrived on the porch.
     
      	Joan looked over at the family and smiled, feeling � something in her
belly warm.  Sally was the perfect picture of a mother, sitting naked with the
baby at her breast.  Joan couldn't help but blush when she remembered that her
own lips had been at those breasts and that she'd tasted Sally's milk.
     
      	And Eric!  He was like a Norse God; his physical power actually
frightened her.  Frightened and excited her.  If he weren't already married, she
knew that she'd be doing her best to get his attention.  A shadow passed over
her mind as she remembered that he was only in his twenties, far too young for
her, and with a pretty wife and new baby, as well.  Joan wished now that her
life had been different.
     
      	Both Ken and Eric felt the change in Joan, and Ken was about to say
something to her when Eric moved toward the woman.  Ken remained silent, sensing
that something important was happening.
     
      	Eric knelt at the side of Joan's lounge, pretending that he didn't feel
her sadness and loneliness at all. 
     
      	His voice was self-mocking as he said, "Hey, it's no problem if you want
to serve Ken --  I know that he's the big man on campus and all that.  I'm just
a small fry."
     
      	"Big man on...  small fry?" stuttered Joan.  "What the hell are you
talking about?"
     
      	But Eric was not to be stopped.  He bent his head back and put his wrist
to his forehead, then said in an overly-dramatic voice, "No, no.  I understand. 
All the beautiful, young bombshells prefer Ken: Jane, Arianwen, you."  Then he
looked at Joan, his blue eyes laughing and said, "If you only knew what I had to
do to keep the one outstanding beauty that has condescended to stay with me..."
     
      	"Hey, you big lug!" said his wife, "I'm the one that serves YOU."
     
      	"What young bombshell are you talking about?" Joan said chuckling.  "I'm
fifteen years older than you and certainly not a bombshell."
     
      	"Wrong on both counts, oh lady who has wounded my heart," said Eric,
still over-dramatizing the conversation.  "You are only thirteen years older
than me, a poor, simple young man."  Suddenly he was completely serious.  "Okay,
maybe you're not a bombshell -- they are usually blondes.  But you are a very,
very beautiful woman -- never forget it.  Beautiful, desirable and, it appears,"
he said with a wry grin, "unattainable by one such as I."
     
      	He quickly stood and looked around.  "I'm gonna run inside for some
coffee.  Anyone want anything?"
     
     	 Negatives abounded, so Eric headed off to the kitchen.  Joan sat there
in shock.  What the hell was with these people?  There was no way, no way at
all, she could compete in looks with the women here.  Yet, each man she
encountered let her know that he found her very, very attractive.  She knew she
was blushing red from head to toe from Eric's outrageous flattery.
     
      	Joan looked over at Ken, who said, "Looks like you'll not be wearing my
collar today.  If Thor in there decides that you're his, I'm not gonna get
pounded into a pulp arguing with him."  He nodded his head in Sally's direction. 
When Joan looked back, she saw that Sally was kneeling right next to her lounge. 
Arianwen held the baby in her arms.
     
      	"I never had a sister," said Sally, "and even if I'd had one, I'd never
have had the courage to do this with her."
     
      	Joan found herself locked in a deep kiss with Sally.  There was more to
the kiss than just passion; there was something else, something that Joan
refused to acknowledge, even as she gave herself to the kiss.
     
      	Eric had just finished fixing his coffee when he noted Joan entering the
kitchen.  He didn't see her enter, but then, he didn't need to.  She was a field
of sexual energy.  She didn't move, and he assumed she was just standing there,
and so, when he turned around, he almost tripped over her.  She was kneeling on
the floor looking up at him.
     
      	Joan cocked her head to one side and said, "Your wife told me that
you're too much for her and begged me to help her out, knowing that a big,
strong man like yourself needs more than one woman.  Since I like Sally so much,
I thought I'd offer myself so that the poor woman can get the rest she needs." 
     
      	Eric broke out laughing and pulled Joan to her feet, kissing her
soundly.  The three of them spent the day together and, despite Sally's claims
that Eric was wearing her out, she was very eager to be with Joan herself.  In
the end, it was Joan who was worn out, not to mention very well satisfied, when
they went to bed.  That night, she drifted off to sleep laying between them,
comforted by Eric's strong arms and Sally's soft hands.

 						+++++

      	Tina came downstairs after Joan had gone to the kitchen to find Eric and
knelt beside Ken's lounge.
     
      	"Are you planning on starting your five hours now?" he asked with a
grin.
     
      	Steeling her courage, she said softly, "Does it have to be only five?"
     
      	He was silent for a moment, then said, "Your safe word is mine for five
hours.  After that, I'll give it back to you."
     
      	That didn't really answer her question, but she remained silent.
     
      	"He means no," said Ari, kneeling beside Tina.  She had given the baby
back to Sally when Joan went inside.  "I'm sure Master will keep you as long as
he can, but after five hours you can release yourself whenever you want."
     
      	"Oh," said Tina.  Her heart rate was increasing just by having both her
sister and Ken near her.  Rather than let confusion about Dom/sub feelings take
her over, she focused on Ken and being a slave to him.  Images of doing things
to her sister receded, but not very far.
     
      	"If you'd like," said Ken, "You can start your time now."
     
      	That afternoon, Tina was put through several bondage scenes, usually
with her sister.  She gave Ken, Gary and Bill blowjobs one right after another,
and did quite well, considering her inexperience.  She was told to service her
sister after Ken and Gary dumped large loads of cum in Ari's cunt.  Tina loved
that, as did Ari, who got to share the mix of the men's cum and her own when her
sister drooled it into her mouth.  She was taught the basics of tying someone,
and Jane was called upon to serve as a live target so Tina could learn the use
of a flogger and a whip.  She even drank, a bit, from Arianwen's bladder,
finding the taste not so good, but the act a mind blasting turn-on.  She knew
she'd be doing that a lot more in the future.  All in all, Tina was treated like
a slave: brought to orgasm whenever someone felt like doing it, and totally
exhausted after the five hours were over.  The teen quickly fell asleep
afterwards.

	When Tina later awoke from her nap, she realized that she was still a
virgin.  Damn!
     
      	Ken knew that Tina wanted him to take her virginity.  And he was
planning to do exactly that -- in six more days.  In the meantime, he planned to
train her so that, when she let loose with her dominant side, she knew how to
play safely.  He also knew that, in all the excitement today, she never caught
on to the fact that he'd released her after only four hours.  She still owed him
one more.
     
      	That night, Ken got a call from Lenny.
     
      	"Lenny!" he said, "How're you doing?"
     
     	 "Great, great," said the energetic man.  "Can you get some time
Thursday morning?"
     
      	Ken had class in the morning and didn't want to skip it if he could
avoid it.
     
      	"It depends," he said truthfully.  "What's going on?"
     
      	"I got an appointment with a judge to get you custody of Tina.  If
you'll show up with her, we can get this out of the way."
     
      	"What about her mother?"
     
      	"I'll send a courier over there with the paperwork.  If she shows, then
be prepared to do some fast talking.  If not, then you have nothing to worry
about," replied the man.

      	Ken paused for a second, then said, "I'm inclined to say yes, but I have
to talk to Tina.  Can I call you a little later?"
     
      	"No problem.  Just try to decide soon.  It's short enough notice as it
is, and I don't want to give her any more ammunition."
     
      	"You got it," said Ken.  He hung up and called the Circle together,
asking a few questions of each of them before starting the meeting.  When he
located Eric and Sally, Joan was still with them.  He smiled, thinking that they
looked so very right together.
     
      	"Hey, Eric?  Sally?  Could you guys come down to my study in about ten
minutes?"
     
      	"Sure," replied Eric, looking at Sally and Joan.  It was clear he didn't
want to leave Joan for any length of time.
     
      	Joan smiled and said, "You can leave me with Christine,"
     
      	"It won't take long, I promise," said Ken.  "I don't want to keep you
from your harem or anything."
     
      	"Me?" asked Eric with a huge smile.  "I'm not the one with the two wives
who's working on a third!"
     
      	"What do you mean, two wives?" asked Joan in confusion.
     
      	Ken realized that she didn't know that Jane, Arianwen and he were all
married.  Of course, since they were a trio, it wouldn't have occurred to her
because she wasn't used to thinking in those terms.  Looking at the three of
them, it was clear to Ken that she'd better start.
     
      	"You can ask them about it when they come back, okay?" said Ken.
     
       	They were already gathered in his study, which was quite a bit smaller
than the main study, when Ari and Tina walked in the room.  The Circle was
there, as were Gary and Bill.  In short, everyone who lived at the mansion was
in the room.  Gary was wondering why he was included, since he didn't consider
that he lived there.  But, of course, he was Annette's Master and love, so he
figured that was why he was included.  It never occurred to him that since
Annette had become a Priestess in all but name, he'd practically moved into the
mansion.
      
       	"We're having a quick family meeting," began Ken, "to discuss the
addition of our new member.  This is, of course, just a formality since you've
all indicated to me what your feelings are on this matter.
      
       	"Thursday morning, Arianwen, Tina and I will be in court so that I can
get permanent custody of Tina.  We just wanted everyone to know what was
happening."
      
       	There were happy claps and kisses shared around, while Ken cautioned
them that it wasn't certain that the law would rule their way.  Lenny had
indicated that chances were good, so that made everyone pretty confident, but
Ken thought it wise not to get too overconfident.
      
       	Thursday rolled around, and Ken, Jane and Arianwen, piled into the X5
and off they went to court.  Ellen was meeting them there as Ken's financial
representative.
      
       	The judge was a no-nonsense woman, who looked sharply at their
entourage.  Aside from Ken and Lenny, everyone else there was a woman.
      
       	"Leonard, why are all these people here?"
      
       	"Arianwen is Tina's sister.  This is Tina.  Kenneth is the man in who
would like to keep Tina in his custody.  Jane is his s/o.  Ellen is his finance
manager.  She's here to prove that he has the means to support Tina."
      
       	"I see," replied the woman.  "Is Mrs. Waverly present?"
      
       	There was silence.
      
       	"Considering that he retains you as his attorney, I have no questions
about his ability to support Tina, unless you're doing this pro bono?" asked the
woman.  Lenny smiled and shook his head.  "Then my question is why you would do
such a thing, Mr. Whitestone."
             
       	Ken thought for a moment.  No flip answer would do here.
      
       	"Arianwen lives at my estate.  She is a college student who works for
me.  She's a very bright girl who I was in a position to help out so she could
finish college.  I've come to respect her intellect and her drive to get her
education.  When she came to me and explained that her mother had thrown her
sister out, I was disturbed since she'd done the same thing to Arianwen.  Tina
has no other relatives, and we were unwilling to send her to child services. 
She's fifteen, wants to live with her sister, and is preparing for college.  She
could do without the disruption child services would cause.  So, I offered to
let her move in. 
      
       	"I have the means to see that she goes to a good school, and she'll be
living with family --  her sister.  I don't like the idea of splitting up
family, so I thought it would be the best choice all around to let Tina stay
with us."
      
       	The judge nodded and consulted her paperwork.

	"And your name is� Arianwen Whitestone?  You're her sister?" asked the
judge.

	"Yes ma'am," said Ari stepping forward.

	The woman pursed her lips.  "Why is your name the same as Mr.
Whitestone's?"

	"I wanted a complete break from my mother.  She's � become unbalanced
where her faith is concerned.  So, I asked Ken if he would help me change my
name, and he did," she replied.

	"Why did you choose Whitestone?"

	Ari paused.  "Out of respect for him helping me out.  He didn't have
to."

	The judge narrowed her eyes.  She suspected that there was more to the
story than that, but wasn't sure if she needed to pursue it. 

	"It says here you're seventeen.  Did Mr. Whitestone say you are in
college?"

	"Yes Ma'am." responded Arianwen.

	Well, that wasn't unheard of. 

	"What are you studying?" asked the judge.

	"I'm in the bio-tech field," replied Arianwen.  "I want to help develop
ways that we can deliver medicine more effectively to combat viruses and
diseases.  Specifically, using either implanted computer technology, or
nano-robotics to directly attack the pathogens.  That technology could also be
used to bypass or regenerate damaged nerves.  Maybe even enhance them.  You see
�"

	"Ari," whispered Tina, nudging her sister.

	"Uh, oh.  I'm sorry your Honor," said Ari, blushing slightly.

	The judge smiled.  It was evident that this girl was quite bright, and
she suspected that her worries that the child was being taken advantage of were
most likely groundless.  Besides, Lenny was a good man.  Not some slime ball
who'd help a man get control of kids for his own uses.
	      
       	"Tina," asked the judge, "What are your feelings about this?"
      
       	Tina stepped forward and said, "My mother threw me out because I don't
want to follow her religion.  It's just as well that she did, because she was
going to make me go to a religious camp all summer and then send me to a school
where religion is the main course of study.  I want to be a physicist, not a
nun.  Mr. Whitestone was very kind to take me in.  If I can stay, I'll get to
live with my sister, and I'll get to pursue a real career.  I won't be behind
when I'm eighteen from being forced to study religion instead of science
because, and I quote, 'Girls don't need to learn things like that.  It's not in
God's plan for us'," finished Tina.

    	She scored with that one.  Lenny, unsurprisingly, had chosen the judge
well, one who had no patience for parents who pulled these kinds of stunts. 
There were more questions and answers, but it was obvious to Ken that the judge
had no problem with Tina staying with him.  She granted the request, and they
were on their way.  Everyone was ecstatic. 

	+++++

   	Throughout the week, Ken had noticed that Jane, Tina and Arianwen were
spending a lot of time together, talking.  He had the feeling he knew what they
were talking about, but he wasn't exactly sure.  Thursday night, after the small
celebration, Ken found the girl in the Garden, laying on her back looking at the
stars.  He said nothing as he walked up and sat down, looking at her.  She felt
like she was at peace, which was no surprise.  The Garden effected a lot of
people that way. 

	They sat in silence for a few moments, then Tina said,  "I never can
look at the night sky without wondering if we'll ever make it out there."

	That was not what Ken was expecting the girl to say.  She rolled to her
side and looked at him.

	"Do you think we ever will?"

	"Maybe.  Someday.  If we can get our act together and stop trying to
kill each other off.  If we can get religious fanatics to stop trying to destroy
scientific progress."  He replied.  He was about to continue when she laughed.

	"That's pretty good, coming from a High Priest."

	Ken blinked, somewhat startled.

	"What do you mean?"

	"Your wives have been telling me all week about this religion they're
into," replied Tina.  "They've been very forthright with most of their answers. 
They never hinted, even once, that I should join up."  She sat up and looked at
him.  "I smell a rat."

	Now Ken was even more surprised.  "I'm not sure I understand what you
mean."

    	"You're kidding, right?  You've got some really smart people working on
some hot tech here," she replied.  "Tech that is bleeding edge.  I keep up with
a lot of this stuff, and I've never even heard of a *robot*, never mind a
commercial vacuum robot, that has the sophisticated terrain-following, -mapping
and -avoidance protocols those things do.  And you're using them for vacuums! 
And some of the software that Bill writes!  Have you even looked at the stuff? 
Do you realize that he's created a spam filter that actually works?  And what
that means?"

    	Ken remained silent.  He knew what those things meant.  He knew that he
had plans for the future for those sorts of discoveries.  But both his plans and
the technology were in their infancy at the moment.  Bill and Eric were just
playing around, even if what they were coming up with was like something out of
a high-end research lab.

    	"Did you know," continued Tina, "that DARPA would give their eye teeth
for those vacuums?  Never mind the minds that created them.  When Bill lets
loose that software of his, and the spam filter isn't the only thing he's got up
his sleeve, just the concepts that he's created and employed are so
revolutionary that even Microsoft will be quaking in their boots."  She snorted. 
"And here you are.  The High Priest of a new religion.  Just what do you
worship, Ken?  Sex or technology?"

    	He'd known that Tina was very bright.  She obviously kept her finger on
the pulse of a number of tech fields.  He wasn't sure what she wanted from him,
though.  She seemed to be challenging him, and he was unwilling to read her to
find out why.

    	"What is it you see when you look up in the night sky?" she asked.

    	Ken remained silent, then replied, "Everything."

    	More silence.  Then, "How is it that your religion allows science and,
from what I've been told, actually courts it, when none of the others do?"

    	"I don't know the answer to that," he replied.  "I think that our
Goddess is a little different than other deities.  Perhaps she's
more� accessible� in some ways."  That was an understatement.  He could feel
her, even now following this conversation with relish.

    	"Arianwen was always smart," said Tina.  "Not anymore.  Now, from what I
can tell,  she's light-years beyond smart.  But she believes this Goddess really
exists.  That directly conflicts with science, don't you think?"

    	"Apparently, it doesn't conflict for her," he replied with a smile.

    	"Do you believe this Goddess exists?"

    	"Yes," said Ken.

    	"But how can you reconcile her existence with the pursuit of science?"
asked Tina.

    	Now, Ken saw where this was going.  Tina was sure that there could be no
meeting ground between religion and science.  He knew that Eric often felt the
same way, as the man hadn't given up on trying to figure out the rules for
magick. 

    	"You're using the word 'science' as a replacement for the word 'fact',"
replied Ken.  "What would happen if you knew for a fact that the Goddess
existed?"

    	More silence.

    	"I don't know," she finally replied.

    	"I do," he smiled.  Ken leaned forward and kissed her, then left her
where he'd found her.  Staring up at the stars.

			+++++    	

	Tina was preparing to get up and go inside when she saw she was no
longer alone.   When the woman stepped closer, Tina was even more startled,
since she didn't recognize who it was.  Seconds later, she didn't care, as her
body went into overdrive.  All she wanted, all she could think of, was getting
on her knees and hoping that she was desirable enough that the woman would allow
her to make love to her.  With a start, she realized that she actually was on
her knees.
   
    	The woman knelt in front of her and just looked at her.  Tina started
getting dizzy, but couldn't even seem to draw a breath.
   
    	"Tina," said the woman gently and just like that, Tina could think
again.  And breathe.  Breathing was good.  But her body felt like it was on
fire, and thinking was a relative thing.  Her thighs were actually wet. She
hoped that the woman couldn't tell because, man, would that be embarrassing! 
However, it was unlikely she could hide it, since she was nude and could easily
smell her own arousal.
   
    	"Tina," said the woman again, and the girl focused on her once more. 
Slowly, oh so slowly, her thoughts began to clear.  The woman was now sitting in
front of her.
   
    	"Hi," Tina said in an unsteady voice.  "You must be a friend of Ken's,
right?"  She was losing focus again, her body taking over, slamming her mind
with lust.  Or was it the other way around?  She struggled to regain her
self-control and was doing well until the woman smiled.  Then she lost it.
   
    	Tina stood, or tried to.  She had to get away.  Had to find Arianwen or
Ken.  Had to get relief from the fire running through her body.
   
    	"Stay, please?" asked the woman.  She put one hand on Tina's.  Tina
closed her eyes and, the next thing she knew, she was on her back, staring at
the night sky again.  There were other voices now.  Her sister's voice.  Yes. 
Arianwen was here.
   
    	"Love, are you OK?"
   
    	Tina tried to nod, but the truth was, she wasn't okay.  Then Ari kissed
her, and all the ... energy, the lust that had slammed into her flowed into her
sister.  That was the only way she could describe it.  Tina knew the other woman
was gone, but couldn't manage to ask where she had disappeared to. 
   
    	An hour later, both of the teens were still in the Garden, their skins
slick with sweat.  Tina lay on her back, panting.  Her body felt exhausted and
sated, but her mind was going a mile a minute.
   
    	She rolled over and looked at her sister.  Ari smiled and kissed Tina,
lightly running her tongue over the other girl's lips.
   
    	"Who was that?"
   
    	Ari gave a small smile and said, "Lea."
   
    	Tina could not figure out what had happened to her.  Arianwen knew.  For
some reason, Lea's presence had somehow resonated with Tina, flooding her
nervous system with energy.  Ari didn't know why that had happened, and it
worried her some.
   
    	"Who is Lea?"
   
    	Ari sat up cross-legged, and looked at her prone sister.  "She's a ...
friend of ours.  I didn't know she was in the Garden with you."
   
    	Tina struggled to a sitting position.  "I need a shower," she said. 
"Care to join me?"  Tina was disturbed by what had happened.  She would deal
with it later, after some time had passed.
   
    	The girls went upstairs and showered.  That night, Tina dreamed. 
Dreamed of an impossibly beautiful woman.  She wished with all her heart that
she could talk to that woman, because she was sure she had so many answers. 
When Tina awoke, Friday morning, she was alone in the bedroom.  The yearning to
speak to the woman had not diminished.
   
    	She felt a little out of it when she went downstairs.  Predictably,
Sally was in the kitchen.  Apparently, Eric was in the lab with the baby.  
   
    	"Feeling better?" asked Sally.
   
    	"A little," replied Tina.  She looked at Sally, and her feelings turned
from a little better to very strange.  She even forgot to wonder how Sally had
known something had been wrong with her.
   
    	Sally looked ... different.  For some reason, Tina was sure that if she
asked her to, Sally would be quite happy to serve her more than breakfast.  Then
Tina was more than sure --  she was absolutely certain.
   
    	Sally, for her part, felt that something had changed in Tina.  She
smiled to herself when she realized what it was, then almost moaned when she
felt the surge of lust coming from the girl.  Tina wanted her.  Sally was more
than happy to oblige.  It was that simple. 
       
    	Tina was confused.  Was this a daydream?  A fantasy?  Suddenly, Sally
was serving her as a slave.  They were in the main study, and Tina was laying
back on pillows while the older woman knelt and fed her fruit.  Tina saw other
fruit that she wanted. 
   
    	"Tell me," she said casually, "do you like having these played with?"
   
    	'These' were Sally's thick nipples.  Tina knew the answer before ever
asking the question and had gripped one nipple in her fingers, pinching it
cruelly.  Sally moaned, but not in pain.  Or at least, not only in pain. 
Arousal fired though her as the teen casually toyed with her body.
   
    	Tina knew just what to do to Sally, knew exactly what would arouse her
and did it.  It was the most amazing fantasy she'd ever had.
   
    	Sally's breasts were sensitive.  They were tight and full with milk, so
very alive to the not-so-soft caresses that Tina visited upon them.  Tina knew
that Sally was eating it up.  Even more so when she took one nipple in her mouth
and bit, hard.  Sally moaned and actually came as Tina's mouth received a squirt
of warm, sweet milk.  Sally's scent was strong enough that Tina was easily able
to tell how excited she was.
   
    	Sally was kneeling again, her legs spread wide, with a crop between her
teeth.  Tina knelt also, somehow knowing that Sally was excited by watching her
body.  Sally took her own breasts in her hands, squeezing them from underneath,
hard enough to cause milk to ooze from the tips.
   
    	"Please, Mistress?" begged the woman.
   
    	Tina granted her wish, sharply smacking the offered flesh with the crop. 
When she finished, Sally's skin had many red welts, and her nipples were even
more swollen.
   
    	Then they made love, Tina dominating the older woman with an ease that
was created by her knowledge of what Sally wanted.  Tina's hands were small, and
one of them ended up forearm deep in Sally's body.  The woman moaned and
pleaded, begging to cum.  Tina didn't let her.  Not for a long time. 
   
    	Finally, she sucked Sally's clit into her mouth, gently licking and
nibbling until Sally screamed, cumming several times in rapid succession.  She
came again when Tina pulled out of her.
   
    	Tina took her hand, still wet with Sally's oils, and licked it clean,
while Sally used her mouth and fingers to bring Tina to several orgasms.  Tina
came with one of Sally's fingers deep in her ass, but none in her pussy.  When
they finished, the teen's hymen was still intact.  Tina smiled as she drifted
into a nap, thinking that she must be one of the most experienced virgins on the
planet.
   
    	She started.  What was going on?
   
    	"Tina, honey, are you okay?" asked Sally, who was kneeling at Tina's
feet.
   
    	Tina blinked and looked around.  They were in the kitchen, and there was
a bowl of fruit in front of her.  But she could still taste the sweetness of
Sally's body, feel the sticky heat that had engulfed her wrist as she'd pushed
her hand inside the other woman.
   
    	"Yeah, yeah," Tina said vaguely.  "I'm alright.  I think I need a little
air," she said as she stood and walked out the door.
   
    	Sally watched the girl go.  She'd spun a few fantasies for other people,
and she'd had several spun for her.  Tina's had been very powerful, though.  So
powerful that, even as a Priestess, she'd been unable to break out.  Well, she
hadn't really tried -- or wanted to try -- but she had the feeling that it would
have been beyond her. 

	Master Ken needed a heads-up.
  

End Chapter 2-5




Avatar 2

Chapter 6

      	When Ken had spoken to Sensei earlier in the week to tell him he
wouldn't be able to make the Thursday class, the man just smiled and said he
understood.
     
      	"However," continued Sensei, "I think perhaps it would be a good idea
for you to come to the session on Friday afternoon."

      	Ken had blinked in surprise.  The Friday session was for advanced
students and by invitation only.  It was for a fairly small, but very exclusive
group of students and Ken didn't think he was quite ready for it.  Still, it was
somewhat of an honor to be invited into the class and Ken knew it would be a
mistake to refuse.  He bowed and accepted the invitation.

	+++++

      	Ari had spent Thursday night with her sister, and Ken knew that she was
concerned about something that had happened between Tina and Lea.  He'd spoken
to Lea about it after Ari and Tina went to bed, and She'd only had two words to
say about it. 

	"She's ready."
     
      	Ken could only assume that meant that she was ready to be included in
the Circle.  He had his doubts, but perhaps spending some time with her over the
next few days would alleviate them. 
     
      	Friday morning, Tina was still asleep when he went to flight school. 
Jane knew that he was nervous about attending the Friday class, and absolutely
insisted on being there to greet him after class.  So, she decided that since he
was going straight from flight school to the dojo, she'd just meet him there
when class was over.  Ken appreciated it, but was hoping that he wouldn't need
the support.
     
      	Ground school was going well.  His instructor was very surprised that
Ken was grasping things so quickly.  He seemed to be a natural at this.  Ken had
to admit he seemed to be taking to it well.  It was a lot of fun.  Well, mostly
it was fun.  Learning Tower protocol was sort of boring, but since his life, and
the lives of other people would depend on it, he wasn't too bored.  Jane had
learning just this morning that he was going to flight school, and he realized
that he'd never actually told anyone he was learning to fly.  He supposed that
he should tell his wives, at the very least.  He somehow knew that Jane would
say nothing about it until he brought it up again.  Well, he'd talk to both his
wives about it later today, and wondered if her lack of reaction was a bad sign.

    	Ken walked out of the locker room and into the work out area.  He looked
around as he began to stretch and saw almost no one he recognized.  Not much of
a surprise, since this was not his normal class.  There were only advanced
students were in this class and his shiny new white belt stood out like a
yes-I-really-am-a-punching-bag beacon.  He wasn't sure what type of practice
they'd be doing, but he really didn't care.  It was certain he'd pick up some
new techniques.  He still wasn't as comfortable in a dojo as he once had been,
but neither was he uncomfortable.  As Lea had intimated, going back to the arts
was a good thing.  He'd been a little surprised that Sensei had been insistent
that he come to this class after he'd mentioned that he couldn't make the
regular one.  He also thought it odd that none of the students questioned his
lack of an advanced belt.  Perhaps they thought it was because he was an
advanced student of another art.

    	One person that he did recognize was Chad.  The boy still had something
of an attitude and Ken found it hard not to dislike him.  Still, such emotions
had no place on the mats, and Ken had always been able to bury them with ease. 
Chad, however, showed no signs of having such control, despite his advanced
level.  Sensei appeared and called the class to attention, then led them in
their warm ups.  These were more challenging than what they did in the regular
classes, but Ken found he was easily able to follow them.  He felt pretty good
since regular work outs with Eric and all the practice he was doing outside the
class had gotten him closer to what he'd consider was good shape.  He didn't
feel as fit and limber as he'd once been, but perhaps that was just a feeling
based on memory rather than fact. 
   
    	They got a three minute water break after they finished the forty-five
grueling minutes of warm up, and Ken expected them to be split into groups.

    	Sensei clapped his hands and called everyone to attention.  "Today is
open spar and we will run the pit."

    	There were groans which accompanied the announcement, but also some
spirited laughter, along with back slaps and good natured taunts.

    	"What the hell is the pit?" Ken asked the man next to him.

    	"Heh.  Well, it's kind of a free for all.  One student gets in the
middle and defends against all comers.  If he loses, then whoever beat him takes
his place.  If someone stays in the middle long enough, then Sensei starts
sending in people two and three at a time."

    	"Yeah," said a young blond woman -- Nikki, he thought her name was.
"There are 'legends' that if a student defeats four simultaneous opponents,
Sensei will step in."  She shuddered at that, "I sure as hell wouldn't want to
go up against him, but I'd love to see someone else do it."

    	A couple of the other students had joined the conversation and there was
some speculation about what that would look like.  Sensei had a reputation as a
phenomenal fighter, but he usually only did short demonstrations with the
students.  Rumor had it that that he had a small group of students that he'd
spar with, but they didn't really talk about it and Sensei wasn't all that
approachable.

    	Ken watched with interest as the students circled around the area and
sat.  He pointed at one man, a tall thin man whom Ken thought would be very fast
on his feet.  He was right and the man won three in a row, but fell to a woman. 
The first against her was the blond that Ken had spoken to earlier, and she won. 
They were going around in the circle in order and the next up was another man,
stockier and heavier than the blonde.  She put up a good fight, but lost, then
it was Ken's turn.

    	He wasn't nervous -- exactly.  But it had been a long time since he'd
spared anyone who was at an advanced level and wasn't an instructor.  The man
wasn't very quick, but he was strong.  He tried to use that strength to lock Ken
up, but Ken was too fast and in a short time the man was down.  Ken won the next
two -- to many people's surprise since he was only a white belt -- then lost to
the tall thin man who'd fought first.  Ken saw what the man did, but hesitated
to counter it because it would have required a very advanced technique and he
wasn't sure he could pull it off.  So down he went.

    	Things were going well right up until the time that Chad and Ken were
sparring.  Chad was aggressive and seemed to be affronted that Ken, a mere white
belt, had dared to come to an advanced practice.  Ken held him off for a while,
which seemed to piss him off even more.  He saw where it was going and decided
that now was a good time to take a fall.  He didn't expect what Chad did though
and got nailed in the ribs for his trouble.  Then Chad swept him before he could
catch his breath and down he went.  Old reflexes kicked in and he landed easily,
but if he hadn't just reacted and tried to think, he would have been really
hurt.  Emotion disappeared and his focus narrowed.  He forgot about the fact
that he'd just lost the match and came to his feet ready to defend himself --
which turned out to be a good thing since Chad had been getting ready to apply a
completely unnecessary finishing move.  It landed on an empty mat.

    	"Halt!"  barked Sensei.

    	They froze, and the man eyed his two students.  "I point, you go," he
said to the circle, then looked back at the two in the center.  Ken had start to
sit, since he'd lost the match, but Sensei shook his head.  "Again, you two." 
Ken looked at the man, startled.  "Begin!"

    	As it always had in the past, Ken's focus narrowed while his awareness
spread.  He felt Chad coming up behind him and turned, just as a punch grazed
his cheek.  Ken reversed, and was already turning away, and swept his hands up
and around in a complex pattern that Chad was completely unable to follow. 
Seconds later, Chad was on the mat, but as soon as he hit, Ken heard, "Go," and
he had another opponent to face.  This one fared no better and neither did the
next.  Ken was in the zone.  Ken was untouchable.

    	After four wins, all apparently effortless, Sensei sent two opponents in
after him.  Ken managed to get them to interfere with each other and they went
down in a heap with Sensei telling them to clear the mat as he sent two more in
after Ken.  They went down as well.

    	Ken reveled in the moment, the sheer pleasure of the flowing movements,
the blood pumping through his body and his Chi -- centered, really centered, for
the first time in many years.  He was getting a little tired when Sensei upped
the ante by sending in three opponents.  It took longer, but they lost as well;
however, when one went down, another was called to take his place.  Ken tapped
the reserve of energy that Lea always left him and flowed back into the fight. 
Even when four opponents were set against him, he felt only the joy of movement,
the perfection of the art as he allowed old muscle memory to come to the fore.

    	The last opponent went down and a new one stepped onto the mat.  Hands
flashed, attack and counter flowed, but it was short lived.  Something
interrupted his Chi, and his opponent's moves no longer made sense.  Pain flowed
through his side as a solid strike landed.  His foot was swept and down he went,
the breath knocked out of him.  He lay there and panted, realizing just how far
he'd over extended himself.  A hand intruded into his line of vision and he
grasped it and got pulled to his feet.  It belonged to Sensei, who smiled at
him.

    	The students began clapping and hooting their pleasure at the display
they'd witnessed, except for Chad, of course.  Ken smiled, unaccountably shy,
and received permission to sit down.  He bowed to Sensei, then knelt on the mat. 
At that point, Sensei decided to give everyone a break, and Ken collapsed onto
the floor,  looking at the ceiling, still panting.  Slowly, he got his breathing
under control and loosed a small amount of energy into his body.  He was still
exhausted, but at least he could stand, so he went for some water.  He bowed
back onto the mat and got in line when Sensei called the class together.  They
stood in line and he looked at them.

    	"Class is over for the day.  Think on what you have learned," he said,
looking right at Ken.

    	Ken would think alright.  In the hot tub as one of his slaves fed and
rubbed him down.  He knew that he could draw on his energy reserve, but the over
taxed muscles in his body needed rest.  He went into the locker room to gather
his clothes.  There was lots of talk in the locker room and a lot of
congratulations.  Some of the guys mentioned that they were glad he was now in
their class and they looked forward to sparing again.  Ken joked that it was
unlikely he'd be able to move again for about a month.  Once everything was in
his bag and he was dressed in sneakers, his Gi pants and a t-shirt, he headed
out.

   	"Ken," came Sensei's voice.  "Might I have a word with you?"

    	"Yes Sensei," he replied.  Ken followed the man through a door in his
office and up a narrow flight of stairs.  At the top, it opened into a large
apartment.  Ken had always wondered what was up here, since it was obvious from
the outside that the building had two stories.

    	"Sit, please," said Sensei.

    	Ken sat in the indicated chair while Sensei walked into the kitchen. 
"Would you care for some iced tea?" he asked.

    	Actually, cold tea sounded nice, and in a short time, Sensei came out
with a pitcher and two glasses.  He sat across from Ken, then filled the
glasses.  There was silence as the men drained them.

    	"Your skill is surprising,"  said Sensei.

    	For a moment, Ken felt like he was in a bad martial arts movie.  But he
read the undercurrent in the words: why have you masqueraded as a white belt?

    	"Thank you," he paused.  There was more that needed to be said, but he
wasn't sure how to make the other man understand.  "I enjoyed the arts, many
years ago.  As I told you when we met, I haven't practiced in over ten years."

    	Sensei nodded, and ran his hand through his close cropped white hair. 
He didn't appear angry, but it was hard to read the older man, and Ken didn't
want to get kicked out of this dojo.  He knew that he liked learning here.  His
first instructor was no longer alive and Sensei Turcotte was reputed to be the
best in the area.  Certainly, he was expensive enough.

    	"I think that you are wasting your time in the beginner class.  It is
time for you to move on," came the reply.

    	Silence.  Ken was not comfortable with that thought.  He'd only been
back into this for a bit more than six weeks, and there was no way he felt sure
enough of himself to practice at an advanced level.  He said as much, but Sensei
disagreed.  Ken would have pushed the point, but he thought that the man would
not continue as his instructor if he didn't give in.

    	They chatted for a more few moments, then Ken mentioned that he really
should be going.

    	Sensei smiled and said, "I understand.  Which one will it be today?  The
tall dark haired one or the short, red haired one?"

    	Ken was startled.  Sensei was not in the habit of speaking about
personal topics.  He was very formal with his students and quickly rebuffed
attempts at familiarity. 

    	Ken smiled and said, "Hmmm. I think, perhaps, both?"

    	They broke out in laughter as Ken gathered up his stuff to leave.  There
came a knock at the door and Sensei got up to open it.

   	"I hadn't thought that you noticed them," said Ken.

    	"I'm a little old, not dead," replied Sensei over his shoulder. 
"Everything works just fine."  He opened the door and Nikki, the blonde girl
from class was standing there with a big grin on her face.

    	"What works just fine, Sir?"  she asked as she stood on tip toe to kiss
him.

    	Ken stared in astonishment.  He would never have thought that Sensei
would have a relationship with a student.  It wasn't that it was forbidden, but
still, it seemed so out of character for him.  Sensei caught Ken's astonished
gaze and smiled.  Nikki blushed as she moved into the room.

    	"Well," said Ken, "I guess I'll be going."

    	Sensei offered his hand at the door and Ken took it.  The older man's
grip was firm and his hands rough.  There were no macho "I'm going to crush your
hand games" but Ken had every reason to believe that the man had above average
strength.  Before Lea, he would have been far stronger than Ken.  Not anymore --
although as events had shown downstairs, strength wasn't everything.

    	"Good day Sensei," said Ken and he started waking down the stairs.

    	"You know," said the other man, "years ago I had a close friend.  His
name was Sensei John Tate, and he told me of a brilliant student of his.  He was
very, very proud of this student.  He was also very upset when that student left
the art."

    	Ken froze on the steps as he heard his old instructor's name.  He turned
to look back up the stairs, but Sensei had closed the door.  Ken continued on
his way down and let himself out, to find Jane waiting for him.  She looked
suspicious, as if he'd been avoiding her, but he told her everything was okay
and that he'd been speaking with Sensei.  He had a lot to think about on the
ride back to the mansion, and wondered whether this was a case of it's a small
world, or if Lea had had a hand in it.     

 	+++++

      	When they arrived at the mansion, Sally came out to greet them.
     
      	"Ken," she said, "Tina has been in the Garden for the last few hours. 
I'm worried."
     
      	She must be, thought Ken, to have met him right as they pulled up to the
house.  He looked at Jane, who shrugged to indicate she had no idea what was
going on either,  and they both headed to the Garden.  Ken's date with the hot
tub would have to wait.
     
      	Once again, Tina was lying on her back staring up at the sky.  At least
she was in the shade, which was good since she'd have burned to a crisp in the
sun.  Ken did a quick scan of her and was a bit alarmed by what he found.  More
than a bit, actually.
     
      	He and Jane sat beside the prone teen, but she made no move to indicate
she knew they were there.  She knew though.  She knew because her body started
almost vibrating with lust, which was something considering how she'd already
been feeling.
     
      	"Tina," said Ken gently, "Are you okay?"
     
      	At first, there was nothing, then she turned to look at him, her eyes
focusing on him with almost unnatural attention.
     
      	"Yes Master, I'm fine.  I think."
     
      	Ken touched her with his hand and she moaned.  Whatever else she was, he
didn't think that 'fine' covered it.  It was like her nerves were inflamed with
energy.  Closing his eyes, he 'saw' her body was laced with a network of pulsing
bright red lines.  Where his hand touched her shoulder, the red dulled a bit.
     
      	"I've been thinking about our last conversation," said Tina.
     
      	"Oh?" replied Ken as he tried to hide his alarm from her.
     
      	"None of this is normal, you know.  Not how I was reacting to you, not
the things that go on here, none of it.  It's obvious that something is
influencing what's going on around here."
     
      	She sat up and Ken opened his eyes.
     
      	"I had to leave Sally this morning," she said.  "Do you know why?"
     
      	Ken shook his head.
     
      	"Because I had a sexual fantasy that was so vivid, I thought it was
real.  I thought I was hallucinating, or going crazy."
     
      	Tina wiped her forehead.  Her body was bathed in sweat, and she almost
felt like she had a fever.  If a fever caused almost uncontrollable sexual
desire.   Desire that was far more urgent than pleasant.
     
      	"Who is Lea?" asked the girl.  "I mean who is she, really?"
     
      	Ken sighed and wondered what to say.
     
      	"I really want to talk to her, Ken.  Please?"
     
      	Tina's eyes were bright with unshed tears.
     
      	"Perhaps," said Lea, "We can talk when you're feeling better."
     
      	She knelt beside the three of them.  The humans, as usual, were all
affected by her presence.  She was topless with a see through wrap around Her
waist that hid just enough.  Tina smiled and closed her eyes, laying back down
with Ken's assistance.  More hallucinations.
     
      	"What's wrong with her Lea?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Right now," replied the Goddess, "That is not important.  What is
important, is that you help her."
     
      	"And just how would I do that?" said Ken.
     
      	"Watch," She replied.
     
      	Her hand extended and touched Tina's cheek.  Deep blue lines seemed to
radiated out, cooling the red fire that had spread through Tina's nerves.  She
removed Her hand and the effect faded, but it looked like there was a patch of
blue that stayed where Her fingers had touched.  She looked at Ken, who
understood that he was supposed to duplicate what She'd done.
     
      	He touched the teen's shoulder and concentrated.  With his eyes closed,
he was able to see the tracings of red through Tina's body and started to push
against them in an effort to make them cool down.  That didn't work at all.
     
      	"Pull, Kenneth, don't push.  She's overloaded," said Lea.
     
      	As soon as he started to do that, he saw the same effect that Lea had
created.  Problem was, it was only in the area where his fingers were touching.
     
      	"What are you doing, Ken?" asked Tina, now almost completely out of it. 
"Your hands feel so cold."
     
      	"No love, it's just that you feel very hot."  He smiled.  The flair of
energy in her body pulsed higher as she translated the word 'hot' into aroused. 
She was 'hot' alright.  Hot for him to take her virginity.  Right now would be
fine.  In fact, she could have Jane straddle her face while Ken...
     
      	Ken blinked.  Whoa!  This girl was very strong.  She was actually
pulling him in to a fantasy.
     
      	"That won't work Kenneth," said Lea.  "You'll have to do it differently. 
Take the energy from everywhere rather than just the spot you touch."
     
      	"Ken?  What's going on?  I feel really strange," asked Tina again.  For
someone who had been dying to talk to Lea, it was odd that the girl was
completely ignoring her. 
     
      	"She can't see me anymore," said the Goddess
     
      	"But you spoke to her," said Ken.
     
      	"She didn't, doesn't, actually hear me.  She just received the
impression that she would be able to speak to me later," replied the Goddess. 
"Now please, concentrate on the task at hand."
      
    	Once again, Ken closed his eyes.  The network of energy lines were
concentrated the highest in Tina's groin area, surprise, surprise.  He put his
hand on her stomach and concentrated  on 'cooling' the energy that pooled there
by pulling on it rather than dousing it.  It wasn't easy, but he started to get
the hang of it.
     
      	Once he got the knack, the initial inrush of energy was amazing.  Ken
grew thick and hard in his shorts, which was just a bit uncomfortable.  He got
more uncomfortable as he absorbed more and more of the energy.  He began using
the techniques he normally employed to release the energy to his Goddess and
that took the edge off his own arousal.  Which was a good thing.  He wondered
how Tina had managed to deal with this all day and wished Sally had called him
sooner.
     
      	Finally, Ken sensed that the energy in Tina's body had returned to a
more normal level and he took his hand away.  The teen opened her eyes and
smiled a lazy, comfortable smile.  Then she fell dead asleep.
     
      	Ken was ragingly horny, so he wouldn't be sleeping any time soon.  Jane
smiled at him, able to feel his present state, and said, "I don't think that
we'll disturb her, Master."  She began crawling toward him, her movements
sinuous and very erotic.  By the time she got there, he'd removed his shorts and
pulled her mouth onto his rigid pole. 
     
      	Jane swallowed, talking his thick rod into her throat.  He was too big
to breathe around, and she enjoyed the sensation of him roughly taking her mouth
while she struggled to get enough air.  She actually came when he did, receiving
permission just before he exploded.
     
      	Ken wasn't finished though, and literally tore Jane's clothing off.  The
cloth ripped like paper and he roughly grabbed one breast and squeezed.
     
      	"Oh yesssss," moaned the woman.
     
      	Their lovemaking was neither soft nor quiet, and Jane was thoroughly
used before they were both sated.  Tina never stirred.

      	When they finished, Jane looked around at the shreds of her clothing.
     
      	"And you wonder why we don't wear clothes in the mansion," she joked. 
     
      	Ken kissed her and smiled, then picked the teen up off the ground and
carried her upstairs putting her in her bedroom.  She never woke.  Later, after
dinner, Ken and Ari spoke about what had happened, but neither could figure out
what was going on.  Ken was unable to get an answer out of Lea, either.

      	It was close to one in the morning, when Ken awoke.  Tina was in the
Garden.  And she wasn't alone.
     
+++++

      	The last thing Tina remembered was wanting Ken and Jane to have sex with
her in the worst way.  She would have done anything at all that they wanted to
get relief from the almost unnatural desire that had claimed her.  Now, sitting
out in the Garden, looking at the stars again, she felt a little ashamed of that
feeling.
     
      	"You should not be," came the voice that Tina had been hoping to hear. 
That didn't mean that she wasn't startled by it.  She was, since she hadn't
heard anyone enter the Garden.
     
      	"I should not be what?" asked Tina as she turned.
     
      	Once again, the stunning beauty of the woman almost overwhelmed her. 
This time though, she seemed prepared for it.  Well, at least she didn't faint
or something equally as embarrassing.
     
      	"Ashamed of your wants," said the woman.
     
      	"You're Lea," said Tina.
     
      	Lea nodded.
     
      	Tina was at a loss for something to say.  All the questions, all the
accusations that she might have uttered sounded ridiculous now that she was no
longer suffering from the fever or what ever it had been.  Really, like as
beautiful as this woman was, to think that she was a Goddess was insane.
     
      	"Tell me Tina," said Lea, "what is it that you want?"
     
      	"Huh?"  The question caught her completely off guard.
     
      	"You look at the stars often.  Would you like to go there?"
     
      	Tina snorted.  "Of course. But that's not going to happen in my
lifetime."
     
      	"You could contribute greatly to it happening at all," replied Lea.
     
      	Tina felt sad as she thought of what she knew of human kind.  At
fifteen, it wasn't a huge amount, but unlike many fifteen year olds, she did
keep track of her nations policies, and the happenings going on in her country. 
Not only did what went on alarm her, it saddened her as well.
     
      	"Even if we had the power of faster than light travel right this second,
we'd never use it," Tina said.  "Just the fact that we had that kind of power
would mean that there would be tons of other advances in science.  Most of 'em
would be regulated out of existence.  Then the big business and their lawyers
would get involved, and that would be that."
     
      	"It doesn't have to be that way, you know," replied the woman.
     
      	Tina realized that she'd been distracted from her train of thought by
the woman's questions.  Not a bad thing considering that her train of thought
was something only a lunatic would come up with.
     
      	"Do you think," asked the woman, "that there is life on other planets?"
     
      	"Yes," replied Tina.
     
      	"Do you think that we know everything there is to know about this
planet?"
     
      	Tina chuckled.  "Not by a long shot."
     
      	"Then when Kenneth asks you to join us, what will you say?"
     
      	Tina was silent.
     
      	"Without science, life can be very difficult.  Science fills so many
needs of human kind," said the woman.  "But humans need more than just cold
facts.  They want more than just what they can touch.  Those are the needs of
the spirit.  But science and faith don't have to be at odds."

	"Science is based on fact, not faith," said Tina.
           
      	"Correct" Lea said.  "Perhaps the existence of the Gods is as much of a
truth as the science of splitting an atom.  It is just that, for a very long
time, there has been no way for the existence of the Gods to be proven. "
     
      	Something in Tina shifted and it felt like a window had opened inside
her.  It was silent in the Garden long after Lea disappeared.  And Tina saw her
disappear.  One second the woman had been there, and the next, she was gone. 
     
      	Tina sat there until just after dawn, staring up into the sky.  At times
tears flowed down her cheeks.  Sometimes she knew the reason, other times she
did not.  Thoughts whirled through her brain, possibilities glimpsed and were
gone.  The sun began to rise, the sky turned many shades of pink and blue and
the shadows began to lift.  Light began flooding the world again and with it,
came a clarity of thought for the girl.  As yellows dominated the sky and the
fire of the huge ball in the center of their solar system began to spread over
the mansion, Tina made her decision.  She realized, as she stumbled up to bed,
that she'd known the answer all along.  She'd just been waiting for the right
question.
     
      End Chapter 6




Avatar 2

Chapter 7

      	As usual, Ken was joined by Ari and Jane when he started his workout. 
He was surprised that Jane, who would sleep until noon if given even the
smallest excuse, voluntarily rose when he did to practice.  He also wondered
that Ari would make time to practice.  She always seemed to be doing research on
something.  Today, another surprise walked in: Eric.
     
      	"Mornin' Eric," said Ken.  "What's up?"
     
      	The big man seemed to hesitate for a second, then said, "I was wondering
if I could join you guys."
     
      	On the one hand, Ken felt completely inadequate to teach anyone
anything.  On the other, he knew that his years of experience were coming back
to him more quickly than he'd believed possible.  Before he'd left the arts,
he'd had a number of students that he taught.  Not privately, of course, but he
stood in for his Sensei a lot.
     
      	So he just smiled and nodded, and Eric joined them.  In some ways, it
worked out better.  He'd have a male partner that he could let loose with a
little when he sparred.  As hard as he'd tried to overcome it, he'd been unable
to really lay into Jane and Ari like he should.  Not only was it sexist of him,
but it was unfair, since they were very strong and quite fast.   It was also
outright dangerous of him to treat them differently.  Goddess knew that no one
on the street would.  Of course, they were still learning, but the speed that
they picked up this stuff meant that he might need to convince them to find
another teacher sooner than he thought.

  +++++
     
      	Ken was on the computer in his study when Tina walked in.
     
      	"Hi Tina," he said without turning around.
     
      	"Good morning, Master Ken." 
     
      	Ken froze, then slowly turned around in his chair.  Tina had changed. 
Tina was now a Priestess in all but name.  And she didn't know it.
     
      	"You look surprised," she said, kneeling on the carpet in an almost
unconscious imitation of how Jane often knelt when she talked to Ken.
     
      	"You spoke to Lea last night," he stated.
     
      	She nodded.
     
      	"And?"
     
      	"I want..." she faltered for a second.  "I need ... to be with you guys.
Your wives have been talking to me.  Tutoring me would be a better word, I
guess."
     
      	They spoke for the next hour and decided that tomorrow night, which was
a full moon, Tina would officially become a Priestess.  She had a huge smile on
her face when she left -- and an extra twitch to her hips, as well. 
     
      	"That was awful fast," remarked Ken to Lea as she appeared.
     
      	"True," replied Lea.  "Tina though, is like her sister.  She was waiting
for the right circumstances to present themselves to make several decisions in
her life.  She has made them."
     
      	Ken was silent for a moment, then said, "People seem to become Circle
very quickly.  I mean, it's only been a couple of months since this whole thing
started, and we already have five official members, with more on the way.  We
promised to induct Genie and Annette during the next ritual, which, as I recall,
is Lughnasadh."
     
      	Lea just smiled, and Ken realized two things:  One, she had had a hand
in how rapidly people were coming to them, and Two, she wasn't going to admit
it.
     
      	"Of course, since most of the members are women, I'd better hope that
Gary or Bill come to us soon or Eric and I are gonna be dead."  He blinked as he
thought of something, and looked at his Goddess.  "Why are we getting more women
than men?  I mean, I'm certainly not going to complain, but I get the feeling
there's a reason."
     
      	This wasn't the first time Ken had thought of that question.  Especially
since when he thought about all the people he presently knew of that had Circle
potential, he realized that almost all of them were women.  He wondered if he
was the cause of that.
     
      	"Yes, but only partially," said Lea responding to his unspoken thought. 
"One of the reasons that I chose you was because of your particular interests
and your potential.  However, even taking that into consideration, most of those
who worship me have always been women."
     
      	Ken was silent, hoping for an answer.
     
      	"There are many reasons, my Avatar.  But here are two, both based on
biology.  The first is that one man can impregnate many women.  The second is
that women are able to produce far more sexual energy than men, and the energy
is usually more pure." 

    	Ken thought for a moment then asked, "So why did you make me, a male,
your Avatar?"

    	"Because," she smiled, "there is already a female side to the equation."
     
      	She kissed him and he labored to concentrate on his train of thought. 
It was in vain, though.
     
      	"I will look forward to welcoming Tina tomorrow night," she smiled. 
"I'll see to it that the stage is correctly set."
     
      	With that she disappeared, without Ken asking just what had happened
yesterday between her and Tina.  He figured he'd ask Tina later.  When he told
them, both Jane and Arianwen were beyond excited that Tina was going to be
joining them.  Ken, knowing that he would get no more done today unless he
called in Eric and Sally and laid out what was going to happen tomorrow night,
did just that.  Naturally, not everything was laid out step by step, especially
since Ken knew that Lea would be sure to have a hand in what was going to happen
and how.  But Her comment about making sure the stage was set led him to believe
that She was looking forward to giving Tina what she wanted.

    	Afterward, Ken went through his closet, looking for a specific pair of
pants.  They'd always been a bit too tight around the waist, but now they fit
pretty good.  Well, they were a bit tight around the thighs, but he could live
with that.  Then, he hunted down Genie and Annette and explained what was going
to happen.  Because they weren't Circle yet, they wouldn't be there.  He asked
if they'd like to change the night of their official induction to tomorrow
night, but to his surprise, neither wanted to.

    	Sunday, he was joined by his three students for his workout.  He found
it ironic that he had no problem putting Jane though things anyone else would
surely deem torture, but didn't want to hit her when they trained.  He had no
problem separating the two very distinct situations, but he didn't want to hit
his wife. Jane had no problems separating the situations, either -- nor did she
have a problem with hitting her husband, and she determinedly wailed away at
him. 

    	He admired her body as she fought against him.  Her skin shone with
sweat, and her muscles, while clearly visible, were not bulky, which gave her a
sleek, dangerous look.  Sexy too, he thought, just barely avoiding a nasty kick. 
Jane got dumped on her ass for her trouble, but grinned as she got up.

    	Sparring with Eric was interesting.  He had a lot of power, but little
of the stiffness that one usually associated with a person who was so big.  He
was also far faster than anyone that size had a right to be, and his
coordination was excellent.  Ken didn't want him to spar with Jane or Arianwen
until he got a bit more experience.  Ken had always found that white-belts were
fairly dangerous opponents, since they had no idea what they were doing and very
little control.  On the other hand, perhaps he was just being protective of his
wives.

    	After his shower, he started to wonder if one of the requirements of
being Circle should be learning some type of self-defense.  It bore some
thinking on, especially since he didn't feel comfortable teaching anyone.  He
really liked Sensei, but doubted that he'd allow a bunch of people flooding his
classes.  There were other good schools though, so perhaps it wouldn't be a bad
idea to have a sit-down with the Circle --  including Annette and Genie, and, he
supposed, Gary -- to see what they thought of the idea.

    	That night, there was a sense of anticipation in Nemetodunum, even from
the people who weren't Circle.  Bill and Gary both picked up that something was
going on.  Bill said nothing, but Gary asked what was going on.

    	"Tina will be joining us tonight," replied Ken.

    	It took Gary a second do decipher what that meant, then he grinned
broadly.  "It's about time you did something with that girl."

    	Dinner was an almost festive affair, but nothing was said of Tina's
upcoming induction.  Tina didn't bring it up either, and was in just as good a
mood as everyone else.  It wasn't until later, toward dusk, when she was in her
room on the computer, that she really started to think about what was going to
happen tonight.  It was going to be life-changing, she knew, and that was a
little scary.  But nothing in the world would keep her from becoming part of the
Circle.

     +++++

	It was just before moonrise when Ken entered Tina's room.  She knew that
tonight was the night that she'd be dedicating herself to the Goddess, and as
happy as that made her, she was a bit sad that she would go to her Goddess a
virgin.  Well, technically a virgin, since she had had oral sex, but she'd never
been penetrated where it counted.  Still, she would be accepted as a Priestess,
and she doubted that she'd remain a virgin very long after that.  Ken read all
this from her as he opened her door, unannounced.  It was nothing that he didn't
know already, because Tina had some very strong fantasies associated with this
moment.  From the look on her face when he entered the room, he knew he had
chosen how to induct her correctly. 

	As he entered the room, Tina sat up on her bed, staring at him.  Ken was
wearing a pair of dark leather pants, boots and nothing else.  A number of
leather restraints were hanging from his belt.  He strode quickly over to the
surprised teen and stood looking down at her, his arms folded across his chest. 
He was a bit embarrassed, standing there like that, because he knew that Tina,
startled as she was, was mainly just looking at his chest and arms, almost
drooling.  He'd never thought of himself as particularly attractive, but
considering all the changes in his body, he could at least admit he was in
better shape.  The look in Tina's eyes told him just what she thought.  He
didn't need to hear her thoughts for that!  Still, he had a part to play.  Tina
deserved this, especially after how rough things had been for her in these last
few weeks.

	"It's time."  Was all he said in a stern voice.

	"Uh... okay," replied Tina. 

	She hadn't quite caught on to what was going on.  Oh, she knew she was
going to dedicate herself to the Goddess tonight, but not quite what that was
going to entail.

	"Stand." He commanded.

	Tina blinked.  Goddess, the tone in his voice was almost enough to make
her cum!  Her nipples stood out, swelling with blood, and she knew she was
leaking from between her lower lips.  She could smell her arousal, despite the
long bath she'd had just a few hours ago.  Ari and Jane had offered to attend
her, but Tina had requested privacy.  She wasn't sure why:  it just seemed
right. 

	She stood, and Ken quickly buckled a black collar around her neck.  She
actually started as she heard the _snick_ of the lock.  Her breathing was
shallow, and her body felt like it was being pricked in a thousand places.

	"Wrists." He said.

	Tina held up her wrists, noting as she did that Ken had a huge bulge
which was easily seen through the thin leather of his pants.  She smiled
slightly.

	"Do you find this funny, girl?" he asked in a stern voice. 

	Ken was barely able to keep from smiling himself, and knew that she knew
it.  Quickly, she dropped her eyes and offered her wrists to him, now realizing
what was happening.  Her heart quickened again, and she quickly tuned out all
extraneous thoughts.  This, she realized, was what she wanted and how she wanted
it.  Tina began to lose herself in the gift of the fantasy.

	"Turn."

	She turned and felt leather cuffs tighten around each wrist.  More
clicks were heard as they were locked on.  Once again, she was spun to face Ken. 
He attached a leash to her collar, then, grabbing the other end of it, he pulled
her from the room.

	The mansion was dark, and they passed no one on their way to the garden. 
Tina was aware of everything once they were outside.  The slight dampness of the
grass under her bare feet.  The feel of the air as the heat of the day gave up
to the cool of darkness.  The scents and sounds as she, now a captive of this
man, was pulled toward her destiny.  She had dropped so quickly into her part,
that when they entered the garden, it didn't occur to her to wonder at what she
saw.

	There were torches set in a large circle.  Huge trees towered over them,
rising into the darkness.  Somehow, they did not blot out the large circle of
the moon, which shone clearly through the break in the forest that the clearing
provided.  It was warm here, warmer than... wherever she'd just been.   She had
little opportunity to look around the clearing before the man who had claimed
her brought her before a figure seated in what could only be described as a
throne.  The woman stood as Ken approached, and Tina felt her insides melt.  So
this was the one she would be given to.  She knew the woman's name, had heard it
spoken in hushed tones:  Lea.

	Lea was tall and had long, curling hair the color of burnished copper. 
She was wearing only a short strip of tanned leather around her hips which
barely hid the juncture between her legs.  Her upper body was naked, but mostly
hidden under her hair.  Her eyes, when Tina looked at her face, were of the
deepest, clearest green she'd ever seen, and Tina knew that she'd never seen
anyone as beautiful.

 	"This is the one?" asked Lea.

	"It's possible," said Ken.  "Will she suffice?"

	"Perhaps," replied Lea, as she walked toward them.

	She grabbed Tina's face in one of her hands and tilted it up.  Tina
almost drowned in those eyes.  Lea let her go, and Tina stood there trembling as
the Goddess walked around her.  A finger gently traced the curves of her body as
Lea walked, and Tina gasped as it slid over her mons just above her clit when
Lea returned to stand in front of her.  The finger ran up her ribs, then gently
brushed the base of Tina's breast.  Then, faster than Tina could follow, Lea
grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back.

	"Do you think you are worthy to serve me?" she asked, her voice soft and
husky.  It held the promise of unspeakable delights.  If Tina were found worthy.

	"Yes, Mistress," whispered the girl after licking her lips.

	"We'll see," smiled the woman.  She let go of Tina's hair and looked at
Ken.  "Prepare her.  Make sure she has a good idea of what I'll expect of her."

	With that, Lea turned and sat in her chair.  Tina was pulled toward the
center of the clearing where there was a slab of stone which looked just like an
altar.  Tina saw now that there were others in the clearing; four others, each
of them wearing a white robe with a hood drawn over their heads, their faces
hidden in shadow.  They moved towards the altar, as well.

	Once there, Ken disconnected the leather cuffs around her wrists and had
her lay on the stone.  Her hands were quickly rebound together, but this time
above her head.  Silken rope was wrapped around her thighs, just above the knee,
and her legs were pulled toward her chest, then almost uncomfortably far out to
the sides.  Tina was panting now, her desire clearly evident to anyone who cared
to look, as other hands took each ankle and wrapped it in more silk, then pulled
so that her feet were facing the base of the altar.  She could feel her sex was
completely exposed, and since the altar ended in just the right spot, she knew
that it would be easy to penetrate her in either hole.  She knew that her
wetness had coated the entire area, and anyone who wanted to would have no
problem entering her body.  She moaned.  The other figures approached and
dropped their robes.

	For the next Goddess-only-knew how long, Tina was tortured.  Not with
pain -- although there was some of that, delicious spikes that added to her
arousal in a maddening way -- but with pleasure and teasing.  Every part of her
body that was accessible was stroked, kissed, licked and teased.  Except, of
course, her sex, which was never entered and rarely stroked.  Nor was her
bottom, despite the fact that her juices would have made entry to that tight
passage oh-so-easy. 

	Her nipples were sucked and played with, her inner thighs bitten.  A
small woman with red hair, whose name Tina thought she should know, slid her
fingers, then her lips and tongue, though the damp, thin hair under each of
Tina's arms, tickling and biting the sensitive skin there.  Another woman gently
teased out her clit and sucked it, while yet a third gently bit the insoles of
one foot.  A man, huge in every way, took his cock and slid it over her
welcoming lips, smearing clear, salty liquid on them.  She wished for more than
his pre-cum, but didn't get it. 

	The other thing she didn't get, which was what made this so torturous,
was an orgasm.  She sighed, moaned and eventually begged to be allowed to cum. 
Her pleas were completely ignored, each person redoubling their efforts to tease
her.  Sharp teeth bit a nipple, someone -- Ken, she thought -- was rubbing his
thick penis over, but not between, her smooth lower lips.  Tina bucked her hips,
desperately trying to add to the friction in hopes that she'd be able to cum. 
It was a vain hope.

	Finally, when Tina thought she was going to die from unfulfilled
pleasure, Lea appeared at her side.  The others had left, except for the small
redhead who was standing on the other side of Tina's head, and the beautiful,
big-breasted, dark-haired woman who stood on the other side.

	"Are you ready?" asked Lea.

	Tina was almost incoherent.  "Yes, please, please, take me..."

	"You may not come to me as a virgin.  Are you ready to give that up, to
sacrifice that possession to me, through my Avatar?"

	"Yes, yes, take it, please!" moaned Tina.

	Lea moved to the top of Tina's head and held it in her hands, supporting
it so the girl could look down her body.  Somehow, the bonds that had been
holding Tina had disappeared, and her hands were being held by the other two
women.  Her legs she'd spread of her own accord, to welcome the man between
them.

	Finally, the head of his cock slid between the soaked folds of her
pussy.  But he didn't push in; no, not at all.  He just coated his velvet rod
with her wetness and slid it up and down, making sure he stimulated her clit. 
Tina was going wild, but found herself unable to let go of the women who were
holding her hands.  Finally, after an eternity, Ken pushed forward.  Tina moaned
as she felt herself penetrated for the first time.  Ken was thicker than
average, so to her inexperienced sex, he felt absolutely monstrous.  But she
knew, somehow, that she would be able to accommodate him.  Actually, she really
didn't care if he split her in half, as long as she got that thing inside her;
as long as it broke the barrier in her body that made her a virgin.

	He did.  She was so wet that even the tightness of her tunnel was of
little impedance.  And when he got to that bit of flesh, it tore, and she
climaxed so hard she almost passed out.  Ken didn't move at all until she was
aware again, then he began slowly moving in and out of her body.  Arianwen
leaned in and kissed her deeply, then Jane.  Sally and Eric were both at her
side, as well, and she let go of Jane's hand to stroke Eric's powerful thigh. 
Then she looked up at Ken, who leaned forward, his cock buried deeply in her
body, and kissed her.

	"Thank you, thank you..." she found herself whispering over and over
again.

	Ken quickened his pace as he and Tina drew nearer to orgasm.  Her first
orgasm, as he'd broken her hymen, had been amazing.  This one was better, and
she screamed, her body tightening as pleasure crashed through it, and she felt
her lover's cum jetting into her body for the first time.  More orgasms rolled
through her, and she felt something in her body ... change.  At that point, she
began to sense there was a huge web of energy around her, passing back and forth
between her, the Priests and Priestesses, and her Goddess.

      	"Welcome to the Circle, love," said Ken.

      	Tina just lay there and panted, her body bathed in sweat, with Ken still
hard inside it.  It hurt, to be sure, but it was such a delicious pain that she
reveled in it.  Ken pulled out of her with a wet slurp, and she could see his
cock was covered with his cum, her juices and her blood.  Her sister knelt
quickly between Tina's legs, her mouth fastened to the swollen flesh, gently
sucking and licking.  As Jane took Ken's cock in her mouth, Ari brought her
sister to yet another shattering orgasm.  Tina took Eric's cock in her mouth and
felt someone -- Sally, no doubt -- licking and sucking her breasts.  Eric
exploded in her mouth, and she herself came again as someone slid a finger into
her pussy and pushed against something inside.  Eric pulled out after Tina
finished swallowing, and Tina saw that it had been Lea whose fingers had been
inside her.  Lea leaned forward, and Tina saw that the finger was, as Ken's cock
had been, coated with cum, hers and Ken's, and her blood.  She felt no revulsion
at all as Lea offered her the finger and, between them, they licked it clean.

      	Ari appeared at Tina's head, and she saw that there was some of her
blood on her sister's mouth.  Tina made sure there was none left after they'd
finished their kiss.

      	Tina never knew how long everything lasted.  All she knew was that, at
some point, Sally and Eric kissed her, welcoming her to the Circle, and
disappeared.  She fell asleep in someone's arms.  Lea's, she thought. 

    +++++


      	Ken carried Tina upstairs.  She wasn't conscious, that was for sure,
which was a good thing.  For all her willingness, and the preparation of her
body, she'd still been torn a bit by his entrance.  Ken was quite thick, and
Tina was a small young woman, especially there.  He was still buzzing with the
amazing amount of energy that she'd flooded them with when she came, and as he
carried her upstairs, he used some of it to heal her -- mostly.  She would still
be sore when she woke because he suspected that it would have saddened her if
she weren't.  But he did ensure that there was no real damage left for her to
wake up to.
     
      	Arianwen and Jane opted to sleep, but Ken wasn't all that tired.  The
evening's events had energized him, rather than tiring him out.  Truth be told,
he really didn't need as much sleep as he used to.  That was a shame, because he
actually enjoyed sleeping.  Well, perhaps not sleeping, but the going-to-sleep
and waking-up parts were nice.  Especially since, more often than not, he woke
with Ari and Jane in bed with him.
     
      	He passed by the lab on the way and noticed that Bill was in there.  He
looked pretty tired.
     
      	"Hey, Bill, what's up?" he asked.
     
      	"Nothin' good," replied the guy.  That was an unusual response.  Bill
was a pretty upbeat sort of guy.
     
      	"Something wrong?"
     
      	Bill spun away from the keyboard and looked at Ken.
     
      	"Naa," he replied, "I guess I'm just tired.  You have a good night,
okay?"
     
      	With that, he left the room.  The encounter didn't sit well with Ken,
but there wasn't anything he could do.  He got the idea that Bill wasn't pissed
at him, but that something else was bothering him.  Ken wouldn't know what
unless he read the guy, but that was something that he didn't want to do. 
Besides, everyone had bad days.
     
      	He went into his study and fired up the computer.  The large, multiple
flat panels that Bill had installed made the flying programs a lot of fun to
use.  Ken got the feeling that when he finally made it to a cockpit, flying
would be an absolute blast.  He flew for an hour or so, then decided to head up
to the bedroom.
     
      	When he got there, his wives had apparently changed their mind about
sleep, and were quietly making love -- on the floor, so as not to disturb Tina. 
Arianwen, who was sitting on Jane's face and leaning forward to pull on her clit
ring, gestured for him to join them, which he happily did.  Jane's cries of
passion were muffled by her wife's pussy, and after Ken came in Jane, Ari
eagerly sucked her to another hard cum.  Of course, she made sure to use plenty
of teeth and even managed to slide her fist into Jane's small opening, knowing
well how her wife loved to be used.

       	That spectacle made Ken hard again, and he slid deep into Ari's nether
hole as she fisted their wife.

      	"Is this a private party or can anyone join?" came a voice.
     
      	Tina was laying on the bed, slowly fingering her still sore pussy.

    	"Back among the living, I see," smiled Ken.

    	"Yup," smiled Tina, looking very sultry.

    	They decided to move to the bed, since it was, after all, quite a bit
more comfortable.  After they got situated, Jane ended up on her back, with her
head draped off the end of the bed.  Ari and Tina were between her legs and Ari
was working her fist into Jane again.
     
      	Ari looked at Tina with an evil smile on her face and said, "She has
another hole down here.  Why don't you see what will fit inside it?"

    	"I don't know," said Tina, crawling over.  "She's pretty small down
there.  Do you think it would hurt too much if I did this?"

    	'This' was Tina pushing three fingers at once into Jane's asshole, with
absolutely no regard for how much it might hurt.  Jane's pussy was soaked from
her wife's ministrations, so her lower hole was pretty wet.  But not wet enough
to make Tina's assault comfortable.  Jane groaned when she heard what the teens
were going to do, then shrieked when it was implemented.  It was a muffled
shriek because, by the time Tina was working her thumb inside, Ken was pushing
his cock into Jane's mouth, cutting off her air and making her dizzy as he
literally fucked her throat.  He found that a tight grip on the bars through her
nipples, gave him excellent leverage.

    	She loved every minute of it, even considering where Ken's cock had been
not too long before.  After she'd cum numerous times, they all turned on
Arianwen, making the lithe teen twist and turn with pleasure.  Her sister used
the fact that the nerves in Ari's nipples had been changed and spent a lot of
time twisting and turning the rings, at least once while emptying her rather
full bladder into Ari's sucking mouth.  At the same time, Ken was deep inside
her pussy, and Jane was on her hands and knees, licking Tina's still-virgin
asshole.

    	Eventually, things wound down, and everyone showered and made it back to
bed.  Just as the sun was coming up.
     
      	End Chapter 2-7




Avatar 2

Chapter 8

    	Monday was sort of a screwed up day for Ken.  He rose late, since they
hadn't gotten to bed until dawn.  Then, he was halfway to class when he realized
that he was going to the wrong class at the dojo.  Since he was attending the
advanced class now, it was at a different time.  Grumbling, he decided to stop
in and see how Joan was.  He hadn't seen her since she'd been over last week and
they hadn't heard from her.  With everything going on with Tina, he hadn't
thought to try and contact Joan and wondered if Eric had.  If so, he hadn't told
Ken.
   
    	He was quickly shown into her office. As soon as he entered it, he knew
something was wrong.
   
    	She didn't look good.  Despite the cleverly applied makeup, he could
tell that she was pale and her eyes were darkened by lack of sleep.  Joan was
very upset.
   
    	He started to move towards her for a hug, but a slight movement on her
part, a barely perceptible stiffening, told him that she didn't want one.  He
thought about reading her, but decided against it.  He didn't want to start
relying on something that had already proven unreliable.  After all, he couldn't
read Sensei and could barely read Chad most of the time.
   
    	He stopped a step from her and said, "Joan.  I... are you okay?  You
look like you haven't been sleeping."
   
    	Joan looked at Ken.  She was still so attracted to him, that it almost
made her nuts.  Her body remembered his and began to ache in places it
shouldn't.  But now she knew.  And, knowing, she could ignore it ... mostly.  It
didn't make her body ache less, though.
   
    	"I'm... fine.  Mostly," she lied.
   
    	She had had about six hours of sleep since she'd left the mansion, and
her day with Sally, Eric and Christine.  At her age, that was a bad thing.  She
was no longer twenty-something and able to go for days without any sleep.
   
    	Ken looked at her and said, "You're not.  That's easy to see.  What's
wrong?"
   
    	Tears filled Joan's eyes.  What was wrong?  How about being shown that
everything she ever thought she wanted was only a small part of the picture of
her life?  How about the fact that what she wanted was right there, right in
front of her, but that it was someone else's life and something that she could
never have?  What was wrong?  Nothing.  Everything.
   
    	"I... I don't think it would be a good idea to see... you again," she
replied, letting out a shuddering breath.
   
    	Now Ken decided that it was time to take a look at what was going on. 
When he did, he mentally shook his head in wonder.  It was amazing how deeply
ingrained social conditioning went and just how unaware of it people were. 
Himself included, if these last weeks were any indication.  He wondered what
other pitfalls awaited him.
   
    	"I see," he said in a neutral voice. 
   
    	Since he knew what was going on, he had some idea of how to handle it. 
Experience was rapidly teaching him that he still had a lot to learn about how
to deal with difficult situations, but he hoped that this would work.
   
    	"I'm sorry if we did something to offend or hurt you Joan.  I hope you
know that was never our intention."
   
    	"Yeah," she said, sniffing a bit.  "Sometimes things just don't work out
they way you thought they would."
   
    	"I'll be leaving now," Ken said gently.
   
    	She sniffed again, and looked at her desk, so upset that it never
occurred to her that his reaction was completely abnormal.  Surely, he'd want to
know what was going on with her.
   
    	"Yes, I think that's best."

     	Ken walked to the door and opened it.
       
    	"I don't want to pry, but if you decide you want to talk, you know how
to get hold of us."
   
    	"Yes.  But... I'd... I'd appreciate it if you'd tell Eric and Sally that
I won't be around anymore," she said.
   
    	"That," he said as he walked out, "is one thing I won't do.  If you want
to hurt the rest of us, then fine.  But if you want to hurt Eric and Sally, two
people who have fallen quite in love with you, I'm afraid you'll have to do that
yourself."
   
    	He closed the door and walked out.
   
    	Ken managed to lose himself in the movements of his art during class. 
Chad was there, and Ken managed to discretely find out that he worked classes
four days a week to pay for his training.  Ken wasn't sure why Sensei was
wasting his time with Chad.  It was clear that he was unable -- or at least
unwilling -- to learn the deeper lessons of the art that Ken had once had a good
start on and hoped to learn again.
   
      	Sensei did a lot more one-on-one work in this class, and spent a fair
amount of time with Ken.  Ken never realized until after the class that Sensei
had run him through a smattering of techniques in several belt levels, including
those that were at second-degree black-belt level.  There had been updates to
many of them, but it didn't take Ken long to incorporate the changes and adjust
his old patterns.  Once he learned the new way, it stayed with him.
     
      	It was a most satisfactory lesson.
     
      	"Why aren't you wearing a black belt?" asked Nikki, the blonde that Ken
had seen arrive at Sensei's apartment last Friday.
     
      	"Because I don't feel comfortable wearing one," he replied with a smile.
     
      	"Hmm," she said with a bright smile.  "Why do I think that's not the
whole answer?"
     
      	"I can tell you my answer is 100 percent truthful," Ken smiled.
     
      	"A lie is a great way to tell the truth," she said.
     
      	"You've been spending too much time with Sensei," grinned Ken.
     
      	The woman looked at him for a second, glanced around, then grinned and
moved a bit closer to him.  Then, since her gi top was already open, she pulled
her tank-top down to expose just the top of one breast, and not very much at
that.  Even though she was short --  about 5'1" -- she had full, C-cup breasts. 
The small portion of the one that he saw had a bruise that could only have been
caused by a tightly tied rope.
     
      	"Too much?" she said softly.  "I only wish it could be more."
     
      	Between how she had greeted Sensei on Friday and now this little
display, Ken was sure of two things:  One, she was Sensei's slave.  Two, she was
baiting him.
     
      	"Hmm," he smiled.  "That's very nice.  I certainly hope there are others
to match it."
     
      	Her large, gray eyes widened slightly, then she smiled a devastatingly
sexy smile.
     
      	"Oh, yes.  Quite a few," she replied.
   
    	"I'm glad to see he uses his... time ... well."
   
    	"Sensei uses everything well,"  she said, waggling her eyebrows.
   
    	Ken burst out laughing, and Nikki quickly joined him.
   
    	"Oh, I see that beautiful, tiny redhead is here to pick you up,"
remarked Nikki in an innocent voice.  "She looks so very... fragile."
   
    	"Careful, Nikki," replied Ken with a big grin.  "Not only is she not
fragile, but she can be very... predatory."
   
    	"Sensei is very forward-thinking about these sorts of things.  Do you
think she'd like him?" asked Nikki with a smirk.
   
    	In point of fact, Arianwen thought Sensei Turcotte was very handsome,
and she had been quite intrigued when Ken mentioned his suspicions that Sensei
had a slave.  While Ken and Nikki had spoken a number of times in the past
weeks, her opening up to him today was somewhat of a surprise.  While things
like that happened between people, Ken sensed there was more going on.
   
    	"She has remarked that he's very attractive," said Ken. "I should
probably get ready to head out."
   
    	"Okay," said Nikki brightly.  "See ya soon."
   
    	"Yup." he smiled, then paused.  "Oh, and by the way, when I said she had
a bit of a predatory streak?  I meant that Sensei might not be her only prey."
   
    	Nikki got a very surprised look on her face, then burst out laughing
again.

    	Ken went over to Ari when he got out of the locker room.  She was
smiling and talking to Sensei.  He caught a bit of the conversation as he walked
up.

    	"... always thought it was beautiful to watch.  Someday, I'd really like
to learn it.  Formally, I mean," she said.

    	"And are you learning it informally now?" asked Sensei.

    	At that point, Ken's stomach clenched.  If Sensei found out he was
teaching Arianwen, the man would be within his rights to throw Ken out of the
dojo.  Ken was a white belt.  They don't teach students.  Ari picked up on his
alarm.

    	"Uh, no... that's not exactly what I meant..." she said, completely
unable to smoothly lie her way out of the conversation.

    	"Well," smiled Sensei.  "I'm sure that when whomever's teaching you
decides it's time, he'll send you to me for more formal training."

    	The man had glanced at Ken when he said that, surprising Ken a great
deal.  It was now obvious that Sensei knew that Ken was training Arianwen -- and
possibly others -- and apparently had no objection to it.

    	"Ken," he said, turning to face his student.  "If this lovely lady ever
decides to train formally, I'm sure we can find a place here for her, and
perhaps others that you think would benefit from my instruction.  How did the
class work out for you today?"

    	"Great, actually," replied Ken. 

    	Damn, he wished he could read the man.  But it was almost like there was
no one standing there.  Totally weird, to say the least.

    	"Excellent.  Then I'll see you tomorrow.  Good day to you both," he said
as he walked off.

    	"Why," asked Arianwen, "do I think I missed half that conversation?"

    	"I'll explain later," replied her husband.

    	Ari shrugged, then glanced over at a woman who appeared to be watching
them intently.

    	"Who's that?" she asked.

    	Ken didn't even have to look to know who Ari was talking about.

    	"That," he said leaning close to Ari, "is Nikki.  She is Sensei's
slave."

    	"Cool," she said with a lazy smile that indicated that if he didn't get
her out of here, Nikki might find herself confronted by the Minx.  While she
might be able to resist Arianwen, Ken didn't want to bet on it.  And until he
got a better idea of where Sensei stood on various subjects, he wasn't about to
let anything untoward happen.

    	"Slave," he said in a voice that immediately got Ari's attention.  "This
would be a bad time."

    	He noticed that his tone of voice didn't help matters.  He could feel
his wife react to him and could see her ringed nipples poking though her thin
shirt.

    	"Yes, Master," she said, her face a bit flushed.

    	"Let's go."

    	Once back at the mansion, Ken puttered around, trying to think of a way
to tell Eric and Sally about the conversation he'd had with Joan.  Then it
occurred to him that he'd asked Eric and Sally to tell Joan how things were
around here.  He wondered what they'd told her.

    	As it turned out, nothing.  Eric looked somewhat abashed when he said
that they'd gotten too distracted when the woman was with them to spend time
talking about things like that.

    	"I don't know," said Eric, "it's just weird.  Sally and I talked later,
and being with Joan is just not like being with anyone else here.  I mean, you
know that we love you guys, but Joan is just ... different.  Special, somehow."

    	"Well, special or not, she's one really freaked-out woman at the moment. 
I saw her today, and she's not looking good," replied Ken.
   
    	He went on to tell them about the conversation he'd had with Joan. 
Sally got upset, and Eric looked like he didn't know what to do. 

    	"I should call her," he said.  "Talk to her.  I'm sure that we can find
some way to work things out."

    	"I think you can, too," said Ken carefully, "but I don't think you
should call her.  I think you need to wait until she calls you."

    	"What if she doesn't call?" asked Sally with tears in her eyes.

    	"I think she will," replied Ken.  "Wait until Saturday and then call
her, if she doesn't contact you.  Most likely, time is one of the things she
needs to work this out."

    	He saw the idea didn't make either one of them particularly happy.  But
they were willing to go along with it.  Ken hoped he was right, but knew that
when people were concerned, nothing was a certainty.

+++++

    	It was Wednesday when Tina wandered onto the patio by the pool, and Ken
just knew she was looking to play.  She'd spent the last two days wandering
around giving off the sort of glow that comes from having the best sex of your
life.  She'd slept with him, Jane and Ari each night, joyously making love with
the three of them.  Ken would have thought that she'd use her new-found status
to at least sleep with Eric and Sally, but she'd shown no inclination to do so. 
Today, it was obvious, to him at least, that she had a very specific purpose in
mind as she walked onto the patio.

    	Bill was sitting on one of the chairs, under an umbrella of course, and
typing furiously on a laptop that was sitting on the table.  It was connected to
the housenet, and he was completely lost in what he was doing.  Genie, who'd
decided to take a vacation day, was lying next to him, but she was in the sun. 
Ken looked at her and wondered why she'd been chosen as a Priestess.  Annette he
could understand: she was an amazing artist, and Lea had told him to gather the
best artists he could find.  She had also told him to find people who excelled
in other areas as well; technology, for instance.  Genie, he knew, worked with
data at work.  He wasn't sure exactly what she did, but aside from the fact that
she was a very sexual person and fit in very well here, he had no idea if she
had talents that went beyond that.  Of course, that might not matter.  Her
talent might very well be that she loved sex, was good at it, and that was that.

    	Tina sat down in the lounge right next to Genie.  She had a can of
whipped cream in her hand, which she shook up.  She tilted her head back and
sprayed a healthy jet of it into her open mouth.  The noise made Genie open her
eyes and look over at her.  Tina grinned and offered the can.

    	Genie smiled and reached for it, but Tina shook her head and leaned over
to position the can over Genie's mouth.  She triggered the nozzle and filled up
Genie's mouth, then shook up the can and sprayed more into her own.  When Genie
indicated she wanted more, Tina obliged with a smile.  Then, as Genie was
swallowing, Tina sprayed a large glob of it right on Genie's right breast.  The
cold of the whipped cream caused Genie to give a muffled yell. 

    	After she swallowed, she looked at Tina, who was sitting there with a
look of complete innocence on her face, and said, "Now, you clean that up!"

    	Genie didn't know Tina very well, or she'd have been watching her more
carefully.  Ken *was* watching carefully, and almost laughed out loud as Tina
bent to lick off the whipped cream she'd sprayed on Genie's tanned breast. 
Because as she sucked Genie's nipple into her mouth, she positioned the nozzle
over Genie's naked sex, which was vulnerable because her legs were slightly
spread.  Tina let loose with the cream, coating Genie's sex as she pulled her
mouth off the rigid nipple. Genie's shriek actually got Bill's attention.
   
    	Naturally, a wrestling match ensued between the two women.  Tina was
pretty fast, but Genie had started to develop the speed and strength of a
Priestess and soon caught her.  The wrestling match certainly kept Bill's
attention, and Genie ended up on top. 

    	She sat just below Tina's breasts, her now-slick pussy smearing cream on
the girl's pale skin. She held Tina's hands on the ground over her head with one
hand, and menaced the teenager with the can in the other.  Tina just stuck her
tongue out and got it sprayed for her trouble.  Genie quickly reached behind her
and doused the teen's sex with a large spurt.  The cold cream made Tina yell and
try to twist Genie off, but the older woman wasn't having any of that.

    	"You give up?" asked Genie, grinning.

    	"No way," said Tina.

    	"Okay," said Genie and shifted just a little.

    	Tina quickly took advantage of the opening and flipped over, trying to
get up, only to find it had been a ruse.  Genie now had her right where she
wanted her and proceeded to coat the other girl's ass crack with whipped cream. 
Now, however, they were both slippery with sweat and whipped cream, and Tina
managed to turn over again and slip one hand free.  Genie moved the can out of
the way, but that wasn't what Tina was going for.  She got a grip on the other
woman's hair and, as their eyes met, slowly pulled her down for a deep kiss. 
Genie groaned, and Tina broke it off and whispered something in her ear.  They
both stood up.

    	Bill, who had gone back to the computer, looked up just as Genie put her
sticky hands on his chest.

    	"Hey," he protested, "Wha... ?"

    	Tina aimed the nozzle at his mouth and pushed the button.  It mostly got
his mouth, but it also got his chest as Genie pulled the chair away from the
table.  It wasn't long before all three of them were smeared with whipped cream
and the can had run out.  Ken actually considered getting them another can, but
decided against it.  Tina had accomplished her purpose.

    	The girl sank down on Bill's rigid cock as his girlfriend positioned it. 
Genie guided it into Tina's pussy, and the girl gave a satisfied groan that
matched his.  Genie gently pushed Tina forward as she rode Bill and started
licking her asshole.

    	"There, oh Goddess, I want it there," said Tina.

    	Genie jumped up and ran inside, quickly returning with some lube.  Then
she spent a few minutes licking and sucking, getting Tina all ready for the rod
that would soon take her anal virginity by pushing her tongue, then her fingers
into the girl.  Then, as the moment approached, Tina pulled off, and Genie
guided Bill into her other hole.  Between her saliva, and the thick juices that
coated Bill's cock, the lube wasn't needed.

    	It was a tight fit, that was for sure, but they both enjoyed the
feeling.  Genie sat beside the two of them as they kissed and made love.  She
tweaked Tina's nipples and noted that Tina was like her sister in that she loved
hard nipple play.  Tina groaned and tugged on one of Genie's nipples.  Bill
came, filling Tina's back hole, and Tina came from feeling him squirt inside
her.  She pulled off him with a sucking sound, and Genie was immediately there,
licking and sucking his cock.  Soon, Genie was in a sixty-nine position with
Bill while she and Tina sucked him back to hardness.  That didn't take very
long, and Genie groaned as she felt his tongue push into her back hole.  She
lifted up, and Tina sat down on his cock again, this time taking it into her
slick pussy.  She rode him for a long time, cumming several times herself. 
Genie had an orgasm too, as Bill licked her asshole and Tina rubbed her clit. 
When Bill came again, Tina slid off his cock. 

    	She was still on fire, and so was Genie.  Bill sat back and watched as
his girlfriend licked and sucked his cum out of both of the teen's holes.  It
was an amazing sight, that was for sure.  The redhead lay back, her pale skin
shining in the sun, as the slightly taller, darker-skinned woman licked and
sucked her to several more orgasms.  To his surprise, he got hard again.  He put
it to good use, sliding it into Genie's rear hole, which was  slippery from all
the juice that had seeped out of her pussy.  She groaned deep in her throat as
he pushed in, quickly widening her and giving her no time to get used to him. 
She loved that, and he knew it.

    	Finally, Tina switched around into a sixty-nine with Genie, licking and
sucking her soaked pussy, while Bill rammed her asshole.  Just the sights and
smells of what was going on were almost enough to put Tina over the edge. 
Combine that with what Genie was doing to her pussy, and Tina's orgasm seemed to
last forever.  Finally, they collapsed in a heap, everyone very well satisfied.

    	"That was amazing," said Bill. 

    	Now that the action was over, he was trying very hard to ignore the fact
that he and his girlfriend had just had sex with a fifteen-year-old.  He
mentioned that he still had a lot of work to do and got up to head for the
shower, gathering up the laptop as he did so.

    	Genie and Tina stayed, stroking each other lightly.  Tina started
working her way down Genie's body and, when she got there, tentatively licked
her slightly-distended back hole, tasting mainly cum.  It wasn't long before she
was driving Genie up toward yet another orgasm, rubbing her clit and sucking
Bill's cum from her body.  Genie yelled when she came, then collapsed on the
ground, panting.

    	"Goddess, you're just like your sister.  A little minx," panted Genie. 
She flopped over onto her back and looked at a grinning Tina.  "How are we going
to survive the two of you?"

    	Tina leaned in to kiss her, and Genie surrendered to the kiss, tasting
her lover's cum on Tina's mouth.  Finally, she broke away and headed upstairs to
find Bill.  Tina wandered over to the outside shower and washed off the sweat
and whatever leftover whipped cream there was.  She sat down next to Ken when
she finished.

    	"You planned that, didn't you?" he asked.

    	"Kinda," she replied, smiling shyly. "I mean, I was pretty sure that
you'd make love with me, if I wanted, but Genie's another Priestess, and I was
hoping to entice her and Bill.  I don't think that he would have done it with me
any other way.  When he left, I could tell that he was a little uncomfortable
because I'm so young."

    	"I'm sure he'll get over it," replied Ken.  "He's pretty far along the
path himself.  I mean, he came, what, three times in an hour?  Nice recovery
rate."

    	"I guess," said Tina.

    	Ken remembered that Tina had very little practical experience.  She'd
really only been with him, and he was hardly typical of most men.  He could cum
about as often as he wanted to.  Bill was not a Priest, but was getting some of
the benefits of being a follower.  However, *Bill's* main sexual experiences
were with someone of the Circle, so he had no idea that his abilities weren't
all that normal either.  Certainly it wasn't unheard of for a man to cum that
often, but he knew that Bill and Genie -- or Bill and someone -- made love
daily, and he never had a difficult time cumming or getting it up.  That was
unusual.  He wondered how long it would be before Bill figured that out.

    	"It is, trust me," smiled Ken.  "You're getting spoiled here, you know. 
People outside the Circle don't have sex the same way we do."

    	"Well," said the girl brightly, "I guess I'll just have to do a larger
sampling."

    	Ken laughed and she leaned over to kiss him.  Surprisingly, or perhaps
not, it wasn't long before she was sliding down his wide rod, slowly engulfing
him in her tight pussy.  She rode him hard, the pain just adding to her
pleasure.  When he started roughly pulling her nipples, she came hard, then came
again when he slammed into her cervix, dumping his cum in her tight tunnel.  She
loved every second of it, and Ken knew she was wondering if she'd be able to get
him inside her other hole.  He thought she needed more time to adjust, but one
never knew.  Tina was a very determined young woman.

    	The next morning, he saw how determined as she joined her sister, Jane
and Eric in the practice room.

    	Ken looked at her.  She just shrugged and smiled.  "Hey, since you
didn't protect me from Genie yesterday, I figured I'd better learn how to defend
myself."

    	"I see.  Well, c'mon and join in, for now.  We'll talk later," he said.

    	It was probably time, he realized, that he break down and start getting
everyone to take self-defense seriously.
   
    	Tina proved very adept at learning what he was teaching.  Like the
others, he only had to show her once and, while she didn't get the motions down
perfectly, he could see she was on the way.  He didn't have to remind her what
the moves were, just how to do them.  It was the same with everyone.  It was
clear that the women were far more vicious than the men were when it came to
sparring.  Not that anyone went nuts, but they were very serious about it, and
Tina picked up on that. 
   
    	Afterwards, Tina, Jane and Ken jumped in the shower for a much-needed
wash.  When they asked Ari if she would join them, she declined.
   
    	"I'm meeting Sandy in a few," she said.
   
    	"I thought you didn't like mountain biking?" remarked Jane.
   
    	"I don't," said the Minx, giving them an evil grin.  She kissed
everyone, then was gone. 
   
    	Ken spent some time before his class wondering if he should require
everyone to learn some level of self-defense.  He didn't really want to.  People
who weren't interested wouldn't learn it very well.  Just at that moment, he
heard the faint crack of a gunshot.
   
    	He focused in on it quickly and discovered that Jane had apparently
gotten hold of a rifle.  He knew she had wanted to and was glad that Lenny had
been able to help her.  Which brought him to another thought:  Should everyone
learn to shoot?
   
    	Maybe, maybe not.  But they really should learn some basic firearms
safety, and Goddess knew *he* couldn't teach them.  Not only that, but he didn't
know anyone who knew anyone that could teach them.  In fact, he wondered where
the hell Jane had even learned how to load whatever gun she now possessed.  She
probably asked for instruction at the place where she'd bought it.  She wasn't
stupid by any means.  He decided to ask her later.
    
      +++++

    	The week passed rather quickly.  Nikki flirted with him a bit every
class, also eying Jane when she came to see him at the studio.  She actually
joined the conversation that Sensei started with Jane and Ken, managing to brush
up against his wife.  Accidentally, of course.  Jane, of course, noticed, and
Ken felt her 'push' against Nikki just a bit.  The blonde's eyes slitted as a
slow trickle of sexual energy slid along her nerves.  Ken was sure that Sensei
noticed the interplay. Not that he gave any indication that he was aware it. 
However, Ken was certain that Sensei noticed everything that went on around him,
despite the lack of indication that he did.  How Ken knew this, he wasn't sure,
but he sure as hell wasn't interested in seeing what would happen if he tried to
take Sensei unawares.  It might be interesting to see someone else try that,
though.
   
        	Eric and Sally had grown more unhappy as the days passed with no
call from Joan.  Ken knew that it was very difficult for them to wait for a call
that might never come, but he was sure that if they called her, she'd find a way
to deny what she wanted and leave them all for good.

      	While they were in the main study Friday night, the phone rang, and Eric
shot out of his chair like a bullet to get it.  When it was plain that it was
Joan, Ken signaled for Sally to stay with her husband and everyone left the
room.  The conversation went on for quite a while, because it was almost an hour
later when Eric opened the doors and Ken, Arianwen and Jane went back in.
     
      	"Well?" asked Ken when they sat down.
     
      	"She's willing to talk to us.  If we go to her house, " he replied.
     
      	Sally was sagging with relief and sat back on the couch, releasing the
tension in her body; she had been hunched over, hugging herself during the
conversation.
     
      	"When?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Tomorrow."
     
      	"And who is 'us'?"
     
      	Eric looked uncomfortable for a second.  "Sally and I."
     
      	Ken stood and walked over, then put a hand on the larger man's shoulder. 
Jane and Arianwen flowed around Sally, laying their heads on her and holding
her.
     
      	"My friend," said Ken, "You know you have our best wishes with this. 
We'll do whatever we can to help you, if you need it.  And if you need space,
you've got that, too."
     
      	Eric smiled.
     
      	"Thanks, man," he said.  "I mean, I know that you were the one who..."
     
      	"Eric," smiled Ken, "you gotta be kidding me.  Why would I have a
hang-up over that?  It's clear to anyone with eyes that you three belong
together.  As I said, if there's anything we can do to help, you've got it."
     
      	Eric and Sally got little sleep that night.  For reasons that they just
couldn't understand, the upcoming talk with Joan had them totally freaked.  It
was almost like they were going in for some exotic surgery, which, if it failed,
would have a devastating effect on their lives.  Finally, when it was almost
dawn, they slept.
     
      End Chapter 2-8




NOTICE:  READ MY BLOG FOR IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT POSTINGS!

Avatar 2

Chapter 9

    	Joan wandered around her house feeling lost and very nervous.  By the
time she'd seen Ken earlier in the week, she'd decided that under no
circumstances would she see any of those people again.  Ever.
   
    	But every time she'd thought of Eric or Sally, and how she'd feel if she
never saw them again, her eyes teared up.  She had had to call them one last
time, then had managed to let Eric talk her into letting him and Sally come
over.  Her hands shook as she laid out the last plate for brunch.

    	She sat down, the quiet of her home... no, her house... enveloping her. 
It was a very nice house.  Very expensive, and would go for close to five
million if she ever decided to sell it.  It was not, quite, a McMansion, since
it did have a small amount of land.  Only an acre, but in this area that was a
lot of land.
   
    	Everything in it was high quality.  The appliances were all top of the
line, the rooms tastefully decorated with expensive furniture.  There was a
fifty-inch plasma TV (that she almost never turned on) and a high-end
surround-sound system in the living room.  Every place she looked screamed
success.  Every place but one: the mirror.
   
    	Sally, for all that she wasn't rich, had something that Joan knew she'd
never have.  Especially not now.  Sally had a family.  Joan had a career.
   
    	If she were absolutely frank about it, Joan would admit that she really
did love running a highly successful business.  But having spent time with
Sally, Eric and the baby, the realization that she was alone had slammed into
her like an avalanche.  She didn't want to be alone.  She knew that, despite how
welcoming the people there were, her time at the mansion had to end.  She wanted
a family and knew she wouldn't find it there. 
   
    	Actually, that was the problem.  She *had* found it there, but it was
someone else's.  Well, that wasn't exactly true either, which was something else
that was making her nuts.  She had fallen, hard, for Eric.  Her body, her mind,
her ...soul... all screamed out that they wanted him.  That would have been bad
enough.  But, God help her, she felt the same way about Sally.  And that was
just wrong.
   
    	It was bad enough that she'd allowed her own hormones to control her
enough to sleep with a married man -- two married men, actually.  It was worse
that she'd slept with women --  eagerly and joyfully.  It wasn't that she had
any moral issues with that.  She knew that it didn't matter one whit if the
person she fell in love with was a man or a woman.  But to fall in love with
*both* a man and a woman was insane.  It could only end in complete disaster. 
Never mind the fact that she'd had sex with one underaged girl and, God help
her, knew she'd have sex with another if the opportunity presented itself. 
   
    	A person had to have standards, had to have a moral direction in their
life.  Otherwise, what did their lives amount to?  Nothing but a bunch of
hormonal impulses.  And no doubt about it, she'd given into hers with a
vengeance.  Maybe she was approaching menopause.  Joan held her head in her
hands, wishing she'd had the strength to stand firm when she'd called to say
goodbye.
   
    	She jumped as the doorbell rang.  Walking into the entranceway, she
automatically glanced at the mirror to check how she looked.  She froze.  For
one fleeting second, she thought that someone else was staring back out at her. 
Someone with flaming red hair and deep green eyes.  Eyes that expressed, in that
second, how unhappy they'd be if Joan...
   
    	Never mind.  She shook her head, plastered on a smile and opened the
door.
   
    	Brunch was nice, even though Joan wasn't the cook that Sally was.  Sally
was more than eager to help in the kitchen and everyone pretended there was
nothing wrong. 
   
    	"Where's Christine?" asked Joan.
   
    	"We left her with Annette and Genie," replied Sally.  "They offered and
we thought it might be nice to get out for a while without her.  Not that we
don't love her or anything, but babies are a lot of work!"
   
    	Joan grew just a little sadder inside when she realized that she
wouldn't get to see the baby again.  But she smiled and continued on with the
few preparations that were required.  It was important not to let them see how
hard this was for her.
   
    	She wasn't fooling anyone.  Both Sally and Eric could feel the
unhappiness rolling off her in waves.  Naturally, that made them unhappy.  Both
knew that, somehow, Joan completed them.  Made them more.  Life without her
would be a poorer place indeed.
   
    	Once coffee was served, they moved out onto her back porch.  Brunch had
been cordial, more like a meeting of casual friends than a meal between lovers. 
It cut all of them, though Joan had no idea how upset Sally and Eric were. 
Finally, once they were seated under a large umbrella, Eric realized that unless
he said something, Joan would allow them to leave here, and she'd be gone from
their lives.  That, in his opinion, was unacceptable.
   
    	"Joan," he began, "have you ever wondered about what goes on at the
mansion?"
   
    	She smiled, a smile that would have fooled almost anyone who wasn't
feeling her emotions.
   
    	"Of course," she replied.  "I've been there and it's not like it can be
ignored."
   
    	He was silent for a moment, then said, "You've seen the physical side,
true.  But there's more to it than that.  A lot more."
   
    	"Eric, please understand.  This isn't easy for me, but I just can't ..."
started Joan.
   
    	She stopped when the glass in Eric's hand shattered.  
   
    	"Oh my God," said Joan as she started to get out of her seat. 
   
    	"Sit down," he said in a sharp voice.  Startled, Joan sat down, looking
at the huge blond.  She'd never heard that tone of voice from him, and it scared
her.  "If you're going to throw us out of your lives, then we want our say.  I
think it's only fair."
   
    	Her mouth too dry to speak, Joan nodded, noting the blood starting to
drip from his hand where the glass had cut it.  Sally quietly took the remains
from his hand and began to clean up the glass.
   
    	"Life at the mansion," began Eric in a more normal tone of voice, "is
not like life in other places.  Surely you've noticed that.  We follow different
rules there and have a different sort of morality.  It's new to Sally and I, and
I'm sure that it's new to you as well."
   
    	He paused for a second, then went on.  "Did you know that Ken is
married?"
   
    	Joan nodded and he continued.
   
    	"To both Arianwen and Jane?"
   
    	"You're not allowed to marry more than one person at a time, so it can't
be legal," replied Joan in a quiet voice.
   
    	"Who is the government to decide who you can and can't marry?" asked
Sally.  "Look around you.  Are they really qualified?  For Goddess' sake, the
moron who's president is trying to ban marriage between two people of the same
sex because it doesn't coincide with his religious beliefs.  A person who raised
his hand and swore to uphold the Constitution, which guarantees freedom of
religion, but who is trying to force his religion on everyone in the country? 
That's who you're gonna let decide who you should be allowed to love?"
   
    	"Calm down, Sally," said Eric gently.
   
    	"It was against the law to marry more than one person for a long time
before Bush was president," responded Joan.
   
    	"Does that make it right?" asked Eric.  "It's moral for a government to
decide who can love whom?  I mean, c'mon, can you really use the words
'morality' and 'government' in the same sentence?"
   
    	"We don't believe they have the right to decide who we can love.  And
that's how everyone at the mansion feels as well," he continued.  "So we can't
get a piece of paper that says we're married, so fuckin' what?  It doesn't
change our feelings."
   
    	Eric's phrasing penetrated her brain.  It sounded almost like he wasn't
talking about Ken anymore.  Was he talking about marriage to _her_?  No,
probably her imagination.  She sighed.  This wasn't going the way she'd
imagined.  She was supposed to sit down with them and tell them that she just
didn't feel comfortable seeing them anymore.  Surely she could do that, right? 
But when she opened her mouth to say just that, her throat closed and tears came
to her eyes.  The thought of not seeing them again was almost too much for her. 
She bent her head down, only to see a tear fall on the stones and splatter.
   
    	"Please don't do this to me," she begged.  "Please.  I just can't take
it."
   
    	"What is it you can't take, Joan?" asked Eric, his voice quiet.  "Tell
me.  If you feel... if you don't feel anything for Sally and I, we'll leave.  We
won't bother you ever again.  But if you love us..." he almost couldn't go on. 
Would admitting they loved her drive her away?  He swallowed and went on in a
steadier voice.  "If you love us the way we love you, then don't do this."
   
    	At that point, Joan broke down crying.  "I can't..." she moaned over and
over.
   
    	Both Sally and Eric were at her side in an instant, holding her,
caressing her and murmuring comfort until she managed to get herself back under
control.  They gave her a little space when she finally sat straighter, hugging
her arms to her stomach.
   
    	"You know," she said looking around, "I thought I had everything.  I
thought I didn't need anyone.  I put my heart and soul into my business and
never gave a thought to bringing someone into my life."  She gave a sad little
laugh.  "Now I come to find out I want something it's too late for me to have."
   
    	Sally smiled, "Joan it's not too late for anything.  It's not like
you're old and gray."
   
    	"No, but I'm getting there.  I'm already too old to have a baby.  I
could find a man, I guess, but it's not what I want.  Or rather, it's not all I
want.  I feel horrible because I'm jealous of you two."
   
    	"Why jealous?" asked Eric.  Had he misread the situation?  Was it really
only him she wanted?  Or maybe not him, but Sally?
   
      	Steeling herself, she looked at them.  So much younger than her, but
they seemed so much more together than her.  Fuck it!  The worst that could
happen was that they would leave.  Since that was what she'd planned to have
happen anyway, who gave a fuck? 
   
    	"A man wouldn't be enough.  Actually, just any man wouldn't do it
anyway.  I want you."
   
    	Eric's heart skipped a beat.  He had misread her.  He'd thought that she
wanted him *and* Sally.  It would break Sally's heart, but then, Joan wasn't
Circle.  She couldn't be expected to have the same way of looking at things they
did.
   
    	"I see," Eric said quietly.
   
    	"No you *don't* see!" snapped Joan as she stood.  "I want both of you. 
Both!  And I want to help raise Christine, too.  I know it's greedy of me. 
Don't you think I know that?  It's *your* family!  *Yours*!  And I want to horn
in on it."  She turned her back.  "God, I'm so disgusted with myself. 
Everything's so out of control.  I can't believe the things I've done in these
last weeks.  They're insane.  The sex, the ... well, everything."

    	There was silence, and Joan waited for them to stand up and leave. 
After what she'd just told them, how could they even like her any more?   Then
Eric stood.  She could feel them both behind her.

    	"Joan," said Eric.

    	She didn't respond.

    	"Joan, look at us," said Sally.

    	Joan turned and saw they were both holding out their hands.

    	"If you want us -- all of us: me, Eric, Christine -- all you have to do
is step forward and take our hands.  And love us.  That's all we want," said
Sally in a soft voice.

    	Joan could barely see through her tears as she almost fell into the arms
that were waiting for her.

    +++++

    	"Hello Mr. Solberg," said Ken walking into the garage. 

    	Eric's father was standing by a work bench and Ken could see two pairs
of legs underneath the car that was in there.

    	"It's Davyn, Ken," smiled the older man as he took Ken's hand in a
crushing grip. 

    	"New apprentice?" asked Ken, nodding at the legs.

    	"My wife.  And one of your friends, actually," smiled the man.  "I gotta
say, they're both smart and real easy on the eyes," he whispered
conspiratorially.

    	Just as Ken reached out with his senses to see who it was, Sandy scooted
out from under the car, her face, hands and forearms smeared with black grease. 
Ken blinked in surprise.

    	"Sandy, I didn't know that you knew Eric's parents."

    	"Yup," she said walking up.  "Met 'em at your party and found out that
Mr. Solberg liked getting' dirty.  You know I couldn't resist that."

    	"Little girl," said the man, blushing just a bit, "I'll have some
respect, or I'll put you over my knee."

    	Ken felt a wave of lust from Sandy.  Apparently, that would be just fine
with her.

    	"Davyn, you be nice to Sandy," said Helen as she scooted out from under
the car.  "You'll scare her away."

    	Ken decided that was quite unlikely.  Although Eric's parents were in
their early fifties, they were both very fit and looked ten years younger.  He
could tell that Sandy would happily sleep with either, or both, of them. 

    	"So what brings you by?" asked Davyn.

    	"The X5," replied Ken.  "You said you do custom work on engines.  I was
wondering if you might be interested in doing something with this one."

    	Davyn gave him a sharp look.  "It'll void your warranty, you know. 
Dependin' on what you have in mind, of course."

    	Ken shrugged and grinned.  "If I can save a bit on gas and up the power,
I really wouldn't care."

    	"You know," said Davyn in a lowered voice, "some of it might not even be
legal."

    	"Gee, I hadn't thought of that," Ken deadpanned.  "Would it still pass
inspection?"

    	The older man laughed, clapping Ken on the shoulder.  That was a jolt. 
While he wasn't as big as his son, Mr. Solberg still packed quite a wallop.

    	"Don't worry Ken, I can find a place that'll do the inspection. 
Besides, depending on what you want done, it'll run cleaner than any piece of
crap comin' outta Detroit."

      	They talked for a while, with Sandy mainly listening to the
conversation.  Ken was astonished when Davyn led him over to a computer station,
pulled up a schematic of the car's engine and started explaining just some of
the simple modifications that he could make to get better mileage out of the X5. 
When Ken asked why they hadn't been implemented at the factory, Davyn just
looked at him.
     
      	"Well, couple of reasons really.  For one, the maintenance requirements
are a little more stringent.  You really do have to keep up on the plugs and oil
and so it would cut down on customer convenience.  That's not the major reason
though.  I'm sure you can guess what that is."
     
      	Ken could, indeed.  If cars started to get more energy efficient, then
the oil companies would make less money.  Couldn't have that now, could we?
     
      	Davyn said that it would take about three weeks to modify the X5. 
However, the horse-power would be increased by about 50% and the gas mileage
would end up at close to seventy mpg.  Ken blinked at that figure, and Davyn
laughed.
     
      "When I say seventy, I don't mean that inflated bullshit they put on the
windows of the cars to sell 'em.  I mean seventy is your average, stop-and-go
city mileage.  My guess is that the highway mileage would be around 
eighty-five."
     
      	Ken's head was spinning.  That was far more than he'd ever expected. 
Davyn looked like he was about to say something else, but decided against it.
     
      	"Well, let me know when I can leave the car."
     
      	"I'll be done with what I'm doin' to this one by maybe Wednesday, next
week.  You could bring it by then."
     
      	"Okay.  I've got something else at home I can drive."
     
      	Once again, Davyn looked at him, then appeared to come to a decision. 
"I got something you could borrow if you don't mind a smaller car."
     
      	"Not at all.  If I need something bigger, I can just use the van or the
pickup," he chuckled.  "Hey, I don't know how busy you are, but would you be
interested in setting up an account for the cars we have at the house?  We've
got several, and they all have to be seen to."
     
      	"Business comes and goes.  When gas prices go up, it comes; when it goes
down, it goes.  How many cars you got?"
     
      	Ken thought about it for a second, then said, "At least six, maybe
more."
     
      	"Huh.  Got a whole fleet there, eh?  We can take care of 'em here.  Of
course, it'd be easier of I had help..."
     
      	The sentence trailed off as he looked at Sandy, who glanced down and
blushed.  "I said I'd think about it, Davyn.  I'll let you know in a day or so,
okay?"
     
      	She got up and walked off to where Helen was and Ken looked at Davyn
with a raised eyebrow.
     
      	"Aside from her other assets," smiled the man, "she could be a damn fine
mechanic -- maybe even more than a mechanic.  She's very smart and has the
'touch'.  Problem is, she likes that so-called job at the bike store."
     
      	"I suspect that she likes the freedom that it affords her," replied Ken. 
"Sandy's pretty physical and loves to mountain-bike.  Not an indoor type at all,
and I think a 9-5 job would bore the hell out of her."
     
      	"Hell, if that's all it is, then we can fix that.  I don't care what
hours she keeps -- just that she gets the job done.  If it's a two-day job and
she gets it done in one, then I guess she'd get the next day off."
     
      	They ironed out the details for the modifications on Kens car, then he
left.  Having spent an additional $20,000 on modifications for his car.  It
turned out that Davyn didn't want to modify his engine; he wanted to replace it,
since there was no way the materials in the current engine could take the
pressures of the modifications he wanted to install.  Davyn's explanation
threatened to get more in-depth, but Ken managed to head him off.  Ken knew he'd
never make that back on the gas that he saved, but what the hellFor once, the
house was deserted when he got back.  Well, except for Lea, but She was always
there.  He went into his study and pulled out a very, very high end laptop.  It
was the most powerful and lightest computer he could get his hands on, and it
was not now, nor would it ever be, hooked into the house-net.  He had no
illusions that Bill could easily break the high-end encryption he'd bought for
it.
     
      	Once it was booted, he began going through the information that he'd
stored in it.  There wasn't much there yet.  Since things were still in the very
early stages, many his plans were very nebulous.  Still, it was important that
the end goals that he was working towards were not reveled this soon. 
Eventually they would be though, and he would bequeath the computer, and
whatever plans had been set in motion or information he'd gathered, to whoever
his successor was.
     
      	Switching to a computer connected to the Internet, he began looking up
his topic for the day.  Hmmm.  Ten-million for the prize?  He wondered how much
one would have to spend to be in the running for that.
     
      	Several hours later, he shut down his laptop and put it back into the
safe.  He didn't think that anyone in the house was a safe cracker, but his
precaution was more to keep out the curious.  And, Goddess knew, there were few
more curious creatures on Earth than Lea's Priestesses.
     
      	Genie and Bill returned, and Bill made a bee-line for the lab.  Genie
found Ken in his study, flying his simulator.
     
      	"Hey, Genie," greeted Ken without taking his eyes off the screen.
     
      	"Hello, Master Ken," she replied, her voice more than a bit husky.
     
      	He could feel his soon-to-be-official-Priestess was almost climbing the
walls.  Ken paused the simulation and turned to her.  "Well, aren't we just a
bit on the excited side?" he smiled.
     
      	"What was your first hint?" she asked.
     
      	"You mean aside from the wide spread legs and the puddle you're leaving
on the leather of the seat?"
     
      	She shrugged, then said "I'll clean it up."  Quickly she was on her
knees, her perfect ass wagging at Ken while her tongue thoroughly licked her
secretions off the leather.  Ken was soon very hard from watching her
performance.  Her pussy was swollen, wet and pink, and her small asshole winked
at him.  Ken knelt behind her and slid partially into her sex.
     
      "Mmm," she purred. "A little higher, please?"
     
      Ken grinned and re-aligned with her other hole and started to push. 
     
     	Genie groaned, feeling his wide rod split her.  As much anal activity as
she'd had, she would have thought that she'd finally be used to it.  But Ken was
much wider than Bill.  She wondered why it was that the burning/cramping
sensations that anal sex caused turned her on so much?  She was distracted
enough by her thoughts that, when Ken's hand came down and smacked her ass, she
yelped and came.

	"You are worked up, aren't you?" asked Ken.

	"Goddess, yes," she panted.  "We were at a restaurant that had unisex,
single-toilet bathrooms, and I managed to get Bill to do me in one."  She
paused, gasping as Ken reached around to diddle her clit.  "It's his own damn
fault.  He was teasing the crap out of me in the car.  Oh, Goddess, yes, harder,
make it red, oh..."

	This last was in response to another smack to her reddening posterior. 
Genie came again, and Ken finally emptied his load deep inside her.  Once they'd
finished cumming, she quickly pulled off and spun around to take his cock into
her mouth, eagerly sucking it clean.  Afterward, she curled up on the rug as he
lay next to her, lightly stroking her stomach.

	"Genie," he suddenly asked, "what is it that you want to do?"

	"Mmmm, whatever you want," she said, smiling a lazy smile.

	He chuckled, then said, "Not exactly what I meant.  You'll be a
Priestess soon.  I mean, you are already, really, and I was wondering what you
want to do."

	"I'm not sure what you mean," she said.

	"Well, Jane stopped working, even though I'm sure she's into something
she's not telling me about.  Ari, Bill, and Eric are in school.  Sally spends
her days trying to find ways to make us fat.  Do you have anything that you'd
like to pursue?"

	"I don't know," she said, but he could tell she was holding back a bit. 
"I don't want to feel like I'm not pulling my own weight, ya know?  I gotta earn
a living some way."

	"I understand that," said Ken, "but is there something that you'd like
to go to school for?  Or another line of work you wanted to try?  You know,
something that you thought you might like, but couldn't do because you had to
support yourself."

	She gave a little laugh.  "You know, there is something I like -- mmmm,
yeah that too, but I'm not sure that I could make a living at it.  Ohhh.  Not
sure I care, if you're gonna keep that up."

	"Well, think about it," he said.  "Let me know if you come up with
something.  I wouldn't let it worry you, though.  It's more that I want you to
have a sense that your life is your own, so you should pursue things that
interest you."

	"I can't think with you doing that," she sighed.

	'That' was him taking one of her hard nipples is his teeth while sliding
two fingers in her back door.  She was hot and slippery, and it wasn't long
before he was inside her again, marveling once more at how tight she was. 
Especially considering that he'd just been stretching that ring not too long
ago.

	"So, off I go to work, and I find you screwing one of my friends," came
a sharp voice.

	Arianwen was standing in the doorway, grinning and just as naked as they
were.

	"Work?  You?" asked Ken as he continued to slide in and out of Genie. 
"I thought the robots were taking care of the cleaning now-a-days."

	"Well," she said as she shimmied under Genie to attack her cunt with her
mouth, "At least they keep the rugs clean."

	"Stop talking and fuck me harder," panted Genie.

	Ken obliged, making Genie shoot off like a rocket with Ken pounding her
back door, and Arianwen sucking her clit.  It wasn't long before they'd switched
off, and now Ken was in Arianwen's ass, her pale skin shining with sweat as she
writhed on top of Genie.  Her ass began turning a deep red from both Ken and
Genie slapping it, and the lithe redhead yelled her pleasure loudly.  That
attracted Jane and Tina and, before long, Bill, Annette and Gary had joined the
orgy.  It was very pleasurable, but Ken never did get to finish his conversation
with Genie.

	Eventually, things died down, and Ken ended up in the Master bathroom,
showering with Ari and Jane.  Tina had gone with Gary.  For some reason, she'd
been unable to keep her hands off Annette, and Annette found Tina as
irresistible as Arianwen.  Gary had not had sex with Tina yet, but considering
the look on his face when they left, that would be remedied soon enough.

	"So," said Arianwen.  "When were you going to tell us that you're taking
up a dangerous hobby?"

	"What dangerous hobby?" asked Ken.  "You train with me every day. 
*Your* wife is the one with the fire arms."

	"That's not what I mean, and you know it," said Ari.  "You've taking up
flying."

	Ken looked at Jane, and Jane looked right back.  "I'm sorry Master, was
I not supposed to mention it to *our* wife?  Perhaps you should punish me."

	"Don't sidetrack him, Jane," said Ari.  "Ken, flying small planes is
dangerous.  People die in those things."

	"Have you ever been up in one?"

	"No.  And I have no intention of going up in one," she said.

	Ken looked at Jane, who shrugged.  Who knew that Ari didn't like to fly?

	"Sweetheart, I'll be fine.  I have a good instructor, and it's something
that I've always wanted to do."

	"Master, I'm not kidding!  Those things are dangerous, and I'd die if
something happened to you."

	The small teen looked very upset and vulnerable, standing there naked
with her dark red hair plastered to her body.  Jane and Ken both hugged her, and
that cheered her up.  Ken was surprised that it would get her that upset. 

	Later, when they were asleep, Ken went down to his study.  Lea was
there.

	"Her father was killed in a plane," she said.  "He was a fighter pilot
and went down during what was supposed to be a training mission.  She was told
otherwise."

	"The word 'supposed' means you don't believe it was a training mission,"
said Ken. "What was she told?"

	"Perhaps it was not," replied Lea.  "Why don't you ask Genie what she
can find out about it?  If Arianwen knew the details, perhaps she would not be
so adverse to you flying.  She thinks her father died because he was flying a
private plane.  Her mother lied to her because she hated the fact that her
father was in the military."

	"Hrmph." said Ken as she thought about what Lea said. 

	Then, "Genie?" he asked surprised.  "Why Genie?"

	But he was speaking to an empty room.

	As he sat in his chair thinking, it occurred to him to wonder what had
happened with Eric and Sally.  They were not on the property.  Neither was
Christine, and Ken wondered if Gary and Annette had dropped off the baby at
Joan's house.  He thought that he'd know if things had gone bad with Joan, and
took the fact that Sally and Eric weren't back as a good sign.

	Feeling restless, he went upstairs and slipped on a pair of silk pants
and some shoes, then went out for a walk.  He found himself at the edge of his
property, just as a dark-clothed figure dropped to the ground in front of him.

	"Can I help you?" asked Ken.

	The figure spun around in surprise, striking out with one arm.  The arm
never even got close and the next thing the person knew, he was laying on the
ground, trying to breathe.

	"I said," repeated Ken, "can I help you?"

	The person, a man, was pretty stunned.  He was dressed all in black and
had a face mask covering his eyes.  He reached for something in his belt, but
Ken grabbed his wrist and pulled out the item himself -- a nightstick.  With it
in one hand, he motioned the other person to get up.

	"If you try anything else stupid, I might have to hurt you.  Now, off
with the mask."

	The man slowly removed his mask and Ken looked at him.

	"Why are you on my property?" he asked.

	"Why you think?  You cost me my job an' I was gonna get a little of my
own back."

	"Really?" said Ken.  Reading what little he could of the man showed that
all he'd had in mind was some vandalism.

	"Yeah.  You rich fuckers think you can do anything you want an' never
worry about anyone else."

	Ken really had no interest in dealing with this idiot, but he decided to
try.

	"Did it ever occur to you that you were fired because you were
incompetent?" asked Ken.

	"Oh sure, insult me while you got a stick in your hand."

	Ken sighed.  It was obvious that nothing he said was going to get
through to this idiot.  He stepped forward and held the nightstick in both his
hands.  Then he snapped it in two.

	"Now," he said in a quiet voice, "neither of us have it.  So you can
take your best shot, or you can go back over the fence.  At least if you go over
the fence, I won't call the cops on you."

	The man could not believe that Ken had just broken the nightstick.  But
there was no way he was gonna take a poke at someone who could do that; no way,
no how.  He was quickly back over the fence and off into the night.  Ken sighed
and took the pieces of the nightstick back with him.  They ended up in a
fireplace with a bunch of kindling.

	What ever had possessed that idiot to come back here?  Ken knew that he
really had only been thinking of smashing some windows or doing other vandalism,
but he wondered what would have happened if he'd come upon one of the women,
like maybe Tina?  That would have been an ugly scene.

	Ken went upstairs and lay down to sleep, spooning Jane, who murmured and
pushed against him.  All was right with the world.

	End Chapter 2-9




Avatar 2
Chapter 10

      	Ken awoke to the feel of a set of lips around the head of his semi-hard
cock.  Arianwen's lips, in fact.  She wasn't giving him a blow job -- just
holding him in her mouth, gently sucking.  He knew what she wanted, and she
smiled up at him just as he began to fill her mouth.  She moaned as she quickly
swallowed what he had to offer, then got into a reverse cowboy position on his
hard cock.
     
      	It wasn't long before she shifted and he speared her other hole.  Jane
was awake too, and he knew she was licking and sucking Ari's pussy while she
slowly milked his cock with the strong muscles in her asshole.  She had several
shuddering orgasms with him finally pounding into her small body, then slid off
him.  Jane quickly took his cock in her mouth and sucked him to another orgasm
while Ari played with Jane's clit ring.  She was not gentle, and Jane, as she
sucked Ken's cock, soon started begging him for an orgasm.  He let her cum,
while he was filling her mouth.  Very nice way to start the day.
     
      	While they were in the shower, he thought about Ari and how tight she
still was.  He was beginning to think that, because she was a Priestess, her
body had changed to receive and give the maximum amount of sexual pleasure it
could.  Apparently, that translated into a tight fit for her male partners.  He
also realized that it wasn't just her.  All the Priestesses were very tight, but
Joan had loosened considerably after spending a weekend being used by the men
here.
     
      	Speaking of Joan, he wondered how things were going.  When he showed up
in his practice room -- Arianwen and Jane with him -- Tina was already waiting. 
So were Annette and Gary.  Seeing that now was not the time to start a
discussion about training people, he just started everyone on warm-ups and
launched into the daily routine.
     
      	"Holy shit," panted Gary when they were finished.  "You do that every
day?  My legs feel like rubber."
     
      	Ken smiled and said, "No, I take some days off.  But I think that we
need to figure out this training thing, because while I feel qualified to run
you guys through some of the basics, I'm certainly not a Master.  If you're
serious about the arts, then you need to train with one, not with me."
     
      	"Hell, I'll think about it if I can still move tomorrow," grinned Gary.
     
      	Ken had picked today for his first flight with an instructor.  He was
really looking forward to it, but considering Arianwen's reaction, didn't feel
that it would be a smart move to tell her.  It wasn't as if she didn't know he'd
be up in the air, eventually.  But there was no reason to push her face in it.
     
      	Thinking of that led him to remember the conversation with Lea that he'd
had.  Her oblique suggestion that he ask Genie to look into what had happened to
Ari's father was strange, to say the least.  Genie had left for the mall with
Annette, so Ken thought he'd talk to Bill.  The guy probably already had a tap
into whatever computer held the information.
     
      	"Hey, Bill," greeted Ken.  "How's it goin'?"
     
      	"Good," he replied.  Apparently he'd gotten over whatever had been
bothering him the other night. 
     
      	"Do you think you could find out some info for me?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Maybe," said Bill.  "Depends on what it is.  Genie is really better at
tracking down certain types of data than I am."
     
      	"Oh?" asked Ken.  Bill, admitting that Genie was better at a computer
thing than him?  "I thought that Genie and Sally gave you guys a hard time
whenever you started to geek out."
     
      	"She's not really into hardware, or even software.  She likes
theoretical mathematics and loves anything to do with cryptology," replied Bill.
     
      	Ken blinked in surprise, but Bill wasn't finished.
     
      	"She's also amazing at getting information out of computers.  I mean,
it's almost instinctive.  Weird, man.  I call her the ferret.  But don't tell
her I told you that.  She doesn't want people to know how good she is."
     
      	"How good is she?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Very.  I mean, Eric and I are great with math.  But he's way into
hardware --  robotics and especially nano stuff.  My thing is code.  Genie's is
coming up with really weird ways to break codes.  She suggested all kinds of
ways to burn through the firewall I wrote after I showed her the algorithms. 
Some worked, some didn't.  But she helped me change the algorithm and rewrite
parts of my software to plug the holes.  Apparently, she's into the whole
quantum cryptology thing.  It's hot stuff, but way out there.  I get some of it,
but she's really into it."
     
      	"How long ago did this start?" asked Ken.
     
      	"She said it's been a hobby of hers for years," replied Bill.  "She told
me the only reason she took the job where you used to work was because it used
so little of her brain that she could spend most of her time doin' research on
this other stuff."
     
      	That set Ken back.  He was silent as he thought of the ramifications of
this.
     
      	"Don't tell her I told you.  She's kinda embarrassed about it, ya know? 
Doesn't wanna be thought of as a geek."  He paused, then looked at Ken.  "I'm
telling you though, she's really good.  I've been working on a program for
years.  It's pretty good, but once she understood what I was trying to do, it
got better real fast.  And that firewall I told you about?  Well... never mind."
     
      	"What?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Well, it's not ready for prime time, yet.  When it is, then we'll talk. 
Sound good?"
     
      	"Sure," said Ken.  "I guess when I get back, I'll ask her help to get
the info I was interested in."
     
      	"Maybe I should ask her, instead," said Bill.  "I mean, like I said, she
doesn't want it broadcast that she's into this stuff."
     
      	Ken thought for a moment.  "Well, I really need to speak to her about
what she can and can't do.  Do you think maybe you can find a way to send her my
way?"
     
      	Bill shrugged.  "I guess.  Just don't rag on her for not telling you,
okay?"
     
      	"No worries about that," smiled Ken.  "Hell, I'm impressed just hearing
you tell me what she can do."  Ken started to leave, then paused at Bill's
hesitant expression.  "Was there something else?" Ken asked.
     
      	Bill let out a sigh, then said, "She'd kill me if she found out I told
you, but, well, we have some good equipment here.  But there's stuff that'll
blow this hardware away out on the market.  Real bleeding-edge stuff that might
actually be able to help test some of the theories she's come up with."
     
      	"And?"
     
      	"It's real expensive stuff."
     
      	"How expensive?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Like around a hundred grand."
     
      	Ken's eyes went wide.  A hundred-thousand dollars?  Must be some serious
hardware.
     
      	"Why doesn't she want to work in a lab somewhere?  I mean, if she's as
good as you say, then she'd have no problem getting a position," said Ken.
     
      	"You'd have to ask her about that," replied Bill in a voice that told
Ken that he knew exactly why Genie wasn't in a research lab.
     
      	"Spec out the machine," said Ken.  "We'll see what we can do."
     
      	"You serious?" asked Bill, his whole face lighting up with excitement. 
"I mean, it wouldn't be just her that could use it.  My stuff could really
benefit, and I'm sure that Eric could get some real use out of it, too."
     
      	"As I said, we'll see what we can do," replied Ken as he walked out. 
This conversation had given him a lot to think about.
     
      	He'd wondered why Genie had been included in the Circle, and now he
knew.  He recalled Lea's words regarding the type of people he should try and
recruit: "Those with ... skills in the sciences, especially these computers that
you are so fond of..."  While he didn't think that worshiping Lea should be a
closed thing, he had no intention of bringing in people that could offer nothing
beyond a good fuck.  Harsh, but that was the way of it.  Eventually, if things
panned out, there would be plenty of people worshiping Lea.  Not everyone who
did would become Circle, however, and certainly not everyone would become a High
Priest or Priestess.
     
      +++++
     
      	Ken's first flight was nothing short of amazing.  Really amazing.  The
instructor turned the controls over to him once they were in the air.  Of
course, Ken had not been allowed to pilot during take off, but that was fine
with him.  Takeoff and landing were the most dangerous parts of a flight.  But
once they were in the air, Ken felt almost like his brain switched over to a
different frame of reference.  On the ground, he tended to think of things in a
two dimensional way, but in the air, he  just added in the Z axis without
conscious thought.
     
      	After flying around for about fifteen minutes, with Ken at the controls,
the instructor looked at him a bit funny.  Ken didn't notice -- he was too
absorbed in this incredible new experience.
     
      	"Ken, do you realize that's the second time you've done that?" asked
Jerry, his instructor.
     
      	"Done what?" asked Ken, adjusting the trim to compensate for some cross
winds.  There were other planes in the air, but the sky wasn't crowded, by any
means, and Ken was just enjoying the ... balance... of the plane.  He'd found it
needed just a bit of trim -- not much, really, but a bit. 
     
      	The instructor had noticed the slight adjustments as well.  "Have you
ever flown before?"
     
      	"Nope," replied Ken.  "Did I do something wrong?"
     
      	"Wrong?  No. " replied the man.  "But why do you keep trimming the
plane?"
     
      	"Sorry," said Ken.  His concentration was still mostly on the now-empty
skies. "It seemed a little out.  Should I leave it alone?"
     
      	"It's no problem.  If the plane's trimmed out, it's a little easier to
fly.  That was one of the things were were going to go over anyway."  said the
man.
     
      	"I'm sorry," replied Ken.  "I mean, it's not like I needed to or
anything, but I wanted to get the feel of how it handled."
     
      	Jerry nodded.  Perhaps Ken was telling the truth, but he didn't think
so.  It wasn't just the trimming.  It was the complete lack of nerves.  The way
he rode the unexpected turbulence when it came up.  The fact that he'd banked
the plane at just the right angle to complete the turns that Jerry had asked him
to make.  No overshooting or undershooting.  Every move spoke experienced pilot,
but Ken claimed that he wasn't.  Hmmm.
     
      	They completed the flying lesson, with Jerry strongly tempted to let Ken
land.  However, no matter how good the guy was in the air, there was no way he
was going to turn the plane over to him for a landing.  Jerry was impressed, not
suicidal.  If he wasn't lying and hadn't flown before, then Ken was a natural
pilot.  Perhaps he'd spent a lot of time using PC flight simulators.  But even
if he had, those simulators couldn't possibly recreate the feel of a real plane,
and Ken's handling of the plane was super-smooth.  He was going to watch this
student very carefully.

    	Once they'd gone through debrief and Ken had filled out his flight log
with his first hours, he left.  Ken was ecstatic!  This was even more amazing
than he'd thought it would be.  He decided right then that he'd be spending a
lot of time in the air.

      	His mood did sober a bit when he thought of what Ari's likely response
would be.  That led him to remember to speak to Genie today, get hold of Eric or
Sally to find out had happened with Joan, and to tell Jane about what had
happened last night at the outer fence.  He'd forgotten about the intrusion
because of the excitement of the upcoming flight, but now he realized that he
should have reported the incident. 
     
      	Once he got home, he went to his study where he found Jane waiting for
him.  She did not seem very pleased with something, and despite the fact that
she was kneeling naked on the floor, he could tell it was him she was annoyed
with.
     
      	"What's wrong, hon?" he asked.
     
      	Her lips tightened, then she said, "Master, as your slave, I would never
presume to question you, but as your chief of security, I'm somewhat upset."
     
      	Ken blinked.  Chief of Sec... ?  "Jane," he said in an even voice, "what
the hell are you talking about?"
     
      	"Well, Sir, last night..."
     
      	"Let's start with this whole 'Chief of Security' thing," he interrupted.
     
      	"Sir, someone needs to be responsible for grounds security.  Well,
unless you'd like to appoint someone different, that person is me.  I've been
upgrading the security system, getting permits for the firearms, and started
taking weapons-safety courses.  I've also enrolled in several online courses
that deal with security hardware and electronic and video surveillance, plus
I've been doing a lot of research on biometrics"
     
      	Ken blinked.  Well.  It looked like he just discovered what Jane had
been doing with her time.
     
      	"I see."  He didn't know what else to say.
     
      	"Sir, if you feel there's someone more suited, I will turn over the
information that I have to whomever that is."
     
      	"Um, no, Jane.  But you have to admit, that this is a bit of a
surprise," he replied.
     
      	"I'm sorry, Sir.  Until I got further along in my learning, I didn't
want to bother you.  Should I stop?"
     
      	"No, of course not," replied Ken.  "If you think it's a good idea that
we have better security on the grounds, then I'm all for it."  Especially after
last night, he thought.
     
      	"Which brings me to last night," said Jane.
     
      	Uh oh, thought Ken.
     
      	"Sir, why did you let him go?  It was clear you could have immobilized
him.  But all you did was break his night stick and let him go."
     
      	Oh, Lucy, he thought, you got some 'splainin' to do.
     
      	Ken thought a moment, then said, "What should I have done?  He was only
on the property, not armed aside from the nightstick, and nowhere near the
house.  I would have had to drag him back to the house, then secure him while I
called the cops.  There's no doubt that some slick lawyer would have gotten wind
of how the 'New Rich Guy' -- who, by the way, had had the man fired -- was now
harassing him further."
     
      	"You had him fired?  From where?" asked Jane.
     
      	"Here.  Actually, Joan fired him because he was incompetent and gave her
a hard time when she wanted to show the mansion."
     
      	Jane sighed.  "What if he'd been armed?"
     
      	"I don't know, Jane.  What if he had?  There's no way I would have
willingly allowed him inside the mansion -- not with everyone else asleep,"
replied Ken.
     
      	There was silence as they looked at each other for a moment.
     
      	"By the way, just how did you know what happened last night?"  Ken
asked.
     
      	"I watched the video," said Jane.  "There was an alert that someone had
activated one of the cameras."
     
      	"How much of the property do you have under surveillance?"
     
      	"Not a lot," she admitted.  "Not enough, anyway.  Nothing close to the
house, and only a few spots where I thought someone might try to get over the
fence."
     
      	Ken sat on the floor cross-legged and facing her.
     
     	 "You," he said, "are wonderful."
     
      	She looked at him and blinked.
     
      	"Really.  I know we don't say it much, but I really love you," said Ken.
     
      	Surprisingly, she blushed.  It was true that they didn't say those words
to each other very often.  Mainly because they could feel each others feelings. 
Saying it out loud, oddly enough, had a lot of impact.
     
      	"Thank you, Master," said Jane, looking at the carpet.  "I love you,
too.  But please, Sir, don't go after people on the property.   I don't know
what I'd do if you got hurt."  She stopped for a second, then looked at him
sharply.  "Sir, how did you just happen to be there at the right time?"
     
      	"Total coincidence," replied Ken.
     
      	Jane looked just a bit skeptical.
     
      	"Really," he said.  "I often take walks at night, and I just happened to
be there when he came over."
     
      	"I see," said Jane, obviously unconvinced.
     
      	"Jane, you know that you have a good feel for who's in the mansion and
who's not, right?"
     
      	"Yes, Master."
     
      	"Well, I don't have a good feel.  I _know_.  And not only who's in the
mansion, but who's on the property, as well."
     
      	"But you said you didn't know he was there?"
     
      	"He wasn't on the property until he came over the fence," replied Ken.
     
    	Jane looked thoughtful.  Well, right up until the time that he leaned
over and kissed her.  He pulled back and looked into her deep blue eyes.  At
this point, he'd had sex with a number of very attractive women.  But Jane was
so beautiful that he still couldn't quite believe his luck that she was his
wife.  When he added Arianwen into the mix, it was obvious that only divine
intervention could have produced such a situation.  No one could be this lucky.
   
    	He marveled at her slim, strong body as he pulled her down onto the
carpet.  Her scent, how she felt in his arms, her willingness and eagerness,
made their lovemaking very intense.  Still, he could tell it had been too long
since Jane had been really played with the way she needed.  This coupling had
more to do with how they felt about each other than just physical gratification.
   
     	They were laying on the floor, enjoying the feel of each other's arms,
when Eric and Sally returned.  Joan was not with them.
    
     +++++
    
     	Jane and Ken were waiting in the garage for Sally and Eric.  When he
told Jane they were on the property, they both thought it was a good idea to
meet them.  Judging by their emotions, things couldn't have gone too bad.
    
     	"Hey guys," said Ken.  Jane stepped forward to take Christine from
Sally's arms.  "I presume that everything went okay?"
    
     	"Mostly," said Eric.  "Let's go inside and talk."
    
     	They trooped inside and headed toward the kitchen.  Sally removed her
clothes since she needed to feed Christine anyway.  They all sat at the table.
    
     	"Well?" asked Ken.
    
     	Eric proceeded to tell them what had happened at Joan's.  How she'd been
prepared to let them go, and what she really wanted. 
    
     	"It took some convincing, but Joan knows that Sally and I ... well, we
love her.  It's really weird, but there you have it.  And she feels the same way
about us."
    
     	"So where is she?" asked Jane.
    
     	"At home," said Sally with a face.
    
     	"She said she still had a lot to think about.  I asked her to come back,
but she begged off," said Eric.  "I know she didn't want to, but I think that
she's still a little scared.  I also think it has something to do with you."
    
     	"Me?" asked Ken.  "What did I do?"
    
     	"It's not that," replied Eric.  "You were the one who brought her in,
and I know that she's still attracted to you.  Truthfully, Sally and I spent so
much time convincing her that we wanted her, she's a little worried about what
you'll think.  It's your house, after all."
    
     "You know that's bullshit Eric.  This mansion is for the Circle."
    
     	He waved his hand.  "Oh I know that.  But Joan still doesn't understand
us yet.  She's a lot older than everyone else and the poly thing is really new
to her.  Not to mention the fact that she doesn't understand that we have no
problem with who she has sex with."
    
     	"Did you explain that to her?" asked Ken.
    
     	"Sorta..."  began Eric.
    
     	Sally made a face at her husband and gave him a playful nudge with her
foot.  "We were too busy *having* sex to talk about it."
    
     	"Uh, yeah, there is that," said Eric somewhat sheepishly.
    
     	"So where do we go from here?" asked Jane when they stopped laughing.
    
     	"We wait until she calls us.  She's supposed to call tomorrow and let us
know when she'll be able to see us again," said Eric.
   
    +++++
    
     	They were about halfway through dinner when someone said, "There is an
incoming call for Eric."
    
     	Several people looked up and around to see who was speaking; Eric and
Bill just had sly smiles on their faces.
    
     	"What the hell was... ?" started Ken.
    
     	"There is an incoming call for Eric." came the very feminine voice
again.
    
     	"Answer call, route to kitchen," replied Eric as he got up and headed
for the kitchen.
    
     	"Acknowledged," said the female voice.
    
     	Eric dashed out of the room to the kitchen, where there was a phone
hook-up.
    
     	Everyone else had stopped talking and was looking at Bill.
    
     	"What?" he said, trying to play innocent.
    
     	"Spill it," said Gary.
    
     	"Uh, well, it's um.., a call routing system that Eric and I are trying
out," said Bill.
    
     	"Do go on," said Ken dryly.  "I'm all ears."
   
    	"I have the computer set up to answer our phones.  Well, Eric's and
mine.  I want to eventually set it up so that when anyone here gets a phone
call, the computer will route it to the phones in the house net.  That way, it
won't matter who gets the call and on what number.  The computer will be able to
route a call for anyone to any phone.  Eventually, it will announce the call
only in the room that the person is in, sending it directly there without
intervention," replied Bill.

    	"Hmm. Sounds like an interesting project," replied Ken.
    
     	"It would make things more convenient," said Genie.  "That way, we
wouldn't have to all have a cell phone with us.  Just leave them on and in a
room somewhere, and all calls will end up on the house phone network.  You could
get your call in any room."
    
     	"Not only that," continued Bill, "but if things work out well, you
wouldn't even need a phone to answer -- you could answer right over the
computer, if you were sitting at one."
    
     	Everyone at the table agreed that that would be really cool, and Bill
smiled shyly.  There were times when the type of person he'd been -- shy and
virginal -- before he met these people seemed like a dream.  There were other
times when the person he was *now* seemed like the dream. 
    
     	He looked across the table at the fifteen-year-old girl whose anal
virginity he'd recently taken.  Or, more accurately, who had given it to him. 
She stuck her tongue out at him, then smiled in a very friendly way.  Fifteen
seemed so young, but Tina was absolutely not your average fifteen-year-old.  Not
only that, but she was deep into whatever most of the other women -- and some of
the men -- were into, here.  Bill didn't know exactly what that was, but he knew
that it didn't include him.  Or Gary, for that matter, but Gary seemed to know a
lot more about what was going on than Bill did.      
    
     	Bill was anything but stupid, and while he had had little experience
with the fairer sex before encountering this group, he was absolutely sure that
what went on here was nowhere near normal.  But he'd met some of the most
fascinating, intelligent people in his life here, his work was supported by Ken
and, well, the other fringe benefits were far from shabby.  Besides, he loved
Genie dearly and wanted to marry her -- and *she* was also involved in what was
going on.  Bill had no intention of rocking the boat with awkward questions and
intended to stay as long as they'd let him, praying that Genie would come with
him if he had to leave here.  He hoped that soon he would have something to
offer them that would make them want to include him.
    
     	And then there was that one woman he'd met who claimed to be a friend of
Ken's.  She was a strange one, and he was sure that she was involved with
whatever was going on here.  It was odd to him that even with as good a memory
as he had, he couldn't remember much about his conversations with her.  She was
smart, he knew that, and so beautiful he had trouble remembering to breathe when
she was around.  So why couldn't he remember more about her?
         
          	At that point Bill was distracted by Eric hurrying back into the
room.  He looked like a very happy man, and Bill had a feeling that it had
something to do with Joan.
         
          	"She actually decided to come by tonight," Eric was saying. 
"She said she wants to talk to you."
         
          	Ken nodded as if he'd been expecting such a thing.  His actions
didn't surprise Bill.  It seemed that, even if he wasn't even there, Ken knew
what was going on -- in the mansion, at the very least, and often with his
people outside it.  Whatever was going on here, Bill knew that Ken was the key. 
He handled the odd situations that cropped up here with no visible problems. 
Everyone in the group --  the group that Bill wasn't a part of -- deferred to
him.  Even Eric, who quite honestly dwarfed Ken, physically, at least had no
problems following his lead.  And Bill was sure that Ken's money had nothing to
do with it.
         
          	But size wasn't everything, that was for sure.  Ken had a
presence that Bill was unable to quite define.  There was something about the
man.  An avid reader of SciFi, Bill didn't know for sure since he had no
experience with the military, but the best way he was able to describe Ken's
presence was ... well ... a command presence.  Something one would associate
with the captain of a ship of some sort.  A leader. 
         
          	Focused upon his own thoughts, Ken looked around the table at
the people there.  This was his family, his Circle.  He thought about what it
would mean if Joan joined them and knew that, if she did, her presence could
only increase the joy in the household.  Sex aside, Joan was an amazing woman. 
But then, he had to admit that since he had met Lea, none of the women that he'd
gotten involved with were anything but amazing.   He wondered, briefly, how
Andrea, his old sub, was doing, and if she'd gotten the help she needed. 
Perhaps he'd been too hasty in dismissing her, but her whole attitude had not
only been sick, but had really pissed him off.  Still, he was curious.  Perhaps
he should hit the old BDSM club where he used to hang out.  He smiled to
himself.  No doubt Arianwen would be annoyed if he did, since she wasn't old
enough to get in.  Jane would have fun, though.
         
          	When dinner was finished, Ari and Tina shooed everyone away so
they could clean up.  Ari still took the duties that he'd hired her for
seriously, and Tina was adamant about not being a dead weight.  What the hell
had gotten into their mother?  He frowned as another thought crossed his mind.
         
          	Suppose, knowing how well they'd fit in, Lea had had a hand in
their mother's actions?  It was almost unthinkable, but he knew Lea could be
very subtle.  Both the women would be huge assets to the household in many ways. 
Not the least of which was their ability to generate sexual desire in people. 
He wandered out into the Garden to find Lea was waiting for him.  Gee, what a
surprise.  A kiss with his Goddess completely derailed his thoughts, but when
they separated, She quickly brought them back on topic.
         
          	"You have some worries," She stated.
         
          	Ken remained silent.  She knew what he'd been thinking -- there
was no need to restate his thoughts.  In fact, faced with her now, those
thoughts made him wince.
         
          	Lea smiled.  "Kenneth, you should not be upset by your thoughts. 
They are healthy.  Look at your world.  Can you not see what blind faith has
done to it?"
         
          	Well, She had a point there.
         
          	"I've told you," She continued.  "The world is a dangerous place
for us.  I'm afraid, my Avatar, you are only seeing the tip of the iceberg. 
Those who would kill us have not disappeared.  They are still out there, ever
vigilant, looking for those who might unseat them.  They hunt for us and will
kill us if they are able, get us disbanded or hurt if they are not able to
outright kill us."
         
          	"Why?" asked Ken.  "We're not hurting anyone."
         
          	She smiled at him.  "Kenneth, you are not stupid.  You know the
reasons.  They have not changed over the centuries.  Power goes to the few who
can keep it.  And they will keep it by any means necessary."  She paused. 
"Arianwen and Tina are the result of what happens when those in power begin to
suspect that they are being opposed.  They draw in those people who can be
easily controlled and use them to further their ends.  Currently, that is a
great many people.  The storm is coming and we have a difficult path ahead of
us.  We must stay in the shadows as long as we can but at the same time expand
our own power base so that we cannot be easily harmed.  That is one reason why I
chose this country.  The laws here are mutable, and that means we have a chance
to make the atmosphere friendly enough that we will be protected while we work
toward our final goal."
         
          	He raised his eyebrows, "Which is?"
         
          	She smiled at him, "Do not play the fool, Kenneth.  You have
already started to work towards it.  And I have been planning for a very long
time to help ensure that you do not fail."  She paused and grew more serious.
"Still, you are young for an Avatar and have little experience, as yet.  Just
because we plan, doesn't mean we will succeed.  You must be vigilant, my love." 
         
          	Ken would love to have continued with the conversation, but Lea
disappeared and as he refocused on the mansion, he noticed that Joan had
arrived.  Arrived and was, in fact, on her way to the garden.  He prepared to
greet her.
         
          End chapter 2-10




Avatar 2

Chapter 11

      	Ken smiled as Joan approached.  Unlike the last time that she'd been at
the mansion, she was fully clothed.  She looked at him with some trepidation, so
he stepped forward with his arms open.  With only a small hesitation, she
stepped into them.  They hugged for a moment, then he let her go and stepped
back.
    
      	"So," he said smiling, "are you feeling better today?"
    
      	"Yes, I am, thank you," she said.
    
      	She seemed at a loss as to what to say next and Ken sighed.  Apparently,
it would fall to him to speak to her about life in the mansion.
    
      	"Would you like to sit down?" he asked.
    
      	"Sure."
    
      	They were silent for a few minutes, then he said, "So I guess you
managed to work things out with Eric and Sally?"
    
      	"Kind of." she replied.
    
      	"They never did explain what goes on around here, did they?"
    
      	"I'm not sure what you mean," she replied.
    
      	"May I ask what you decided to do about your relationship with Eric and
Sally?"
    
      	Joan colored, then straightened her back.  "We're, um ... still working
out the details ... but ... as odd as this sounds, I think we all want to be
together."
    
      	"It doesn't sound odd.  Or, at the very least, it doesn't sound out of
place in this house."
    
      	"It's confusing to me," replied Joan.  "I'm really not sure about a lot
of things I'm feeling."
    
      	Ken was silent as Joan tried to put her thoughts into words.
    
      	"I ..." she swallowed. "I'm in love with Eric and Sally.  I adore little
Christine."  A longer pause.  "The ... feelings I have when I'm ... when you and
I..."
    
      	Her voice trailed off because she was too embarrassed to complete the
sentence.  She looked down at her hands, folded in her lap.
    
      	"I... like it when you and I ... when I'm being a, um, slave," she said,
her voice firming up.
    
      	Ken grinned at her, and said, "You do seem to enjoy that.  As does
everyone else that you're involved with."
    
      	Joan blushed a fiery red.
    
      	"Thing is, as long as it pleases you, Eric and Sally, there's no reason
for you not to continue to do that.  That will have to be decided as part of the
rules for your triad."
    
      	Joan blinked, "Triad?"
    
      	"Did I misunderstand?" asked Ken.  "I was under the impression that you
three were going to get together."
    
      	Joan was silent, then: "I think you're right.  It's just a very new idea
for me."
    
      	"Let me tell you about some of the ideas that we have regarding
relationships..." started Ken.
    
      	For the next hour or so they talked about relationships in the mansion.
They also talked about the beliefs that everyone shared here.  Joan had heard of
paganism but, like most people, knew little of the real beliefs and much of the
propaganda.
    
      	"I don't know," she said after they'd talked for awhile.  "It just seems
like I'm so greedy.  I mean, all of a sudden, I'm involved in the kinds of
relationships that I never knew I wanted, but now think that I can't live
without.  It's stupid, I know, but there you have it."
    
      	Night had descended, and they sat quietly for a while.  Eric and Sally
entered the Garden, with Christine in Sally's arms.  Ken could feel Joan's
emotions surge at the sight of them and smiled to himself.
    
      	He stood as they walked up, then held out his hand to Joan.  She took
it, and he pulled her to her feet.
    
      	"Welcome home, love," he said, kissing her lightly.
    
      	He kissed Sally, rested his hand on Eric's shoulder for a second, then
left the Garden.
    
    +++++

      	Monday, when Ken returned from class, he wandered out to the pool, where
Sandy and Jane were lounging.
    
      	"Hey," he asked, "aren't you supposed to be working on something so that
I can get my car into the shop?"
    
      	"Hey yourself," she returned with a sunny smile. "It's a nice day, Jane
wanted to ride and so voila! here we are at the pool after a nice ride.  Oh, by
the way, Davyn asked me to tell you we'd be ready for it Thursday.  That cool?"
    
      	"Yup," said Ken.
    
      	Eying the naked bodies of his wife and Sandy, he wondered if Sandy would
be up for a little play time.  Jane, he knew, was more than ready.  It had been
too long since anyone played hard with her.  Perhaps it was time to rectify
that.  He sat down on the edge of the lounge Jane was laying on and began
running a finger over her ribs to the base of one large breast.  Her breathing
immediately changed and she opened her eyes, looking at her husband.
    
      	"Sandy?  Would you mind if I borrowed my wife for a while?" asked Ken.
    
      	"I don't know," she said, quickly picking up on his mood.  "I was hoping
to get some time in with her."
    
      	"Well, since you *are* visiting, it wouldn't do for you to be
disappointed.  You'd be more than welcome to join me.  I bet you'd like what I
have in mind."
    
      	Those words began to really arouse Jane.  Being used as a sex slave,
discussed as if she were just a toy, turned her on a lot.  But not as much as
the fingers that had gripped one nipple bar to harshly tug on that swelling nub.
She suppressed a moan.  In her opinion, it had been too long since she'd been
well used for her Master's pleasure.
    
      	"I'm sure I'll love whatever you have in mind," smiled Sandy.
    
      	"Well then," he said, "why don't you occupy yourself with my slave while
I go upstairs to get a few things together?"
    
      	Sandy stood up and walked to Jane's lounge.

     	"I'll be happy to," she said, kneeling over Jane's mouth.
    
          	She grabbed Jane's hair and none-too-gently pulled her head into
her rapidly-moistening pussy.  Jane, of course, immediately started licking and
sucking, knowing exactly how to please Sandy.  Ken went upstairs to get some
toys.  On the way back down, he grabbed a small cooler and filled it with some
bottled water from the fridge.
    
      	None of his preparations took very long.  When he returned, Sandy had
repositioned herself so that she was facing Jane's feet.  She was smearing her
sticky liquids all over Jane's face and had herself centered so that, as she
played with her own clit, Jane's tongue was pushed inside her asshole.  Sandy
liked ass-play quite a bit and was really enjoying herself.
    
      	Jane was enjoying herself as well.  Sandy was making a point of
viciously twisting Jane's nipples and digging her nails into Jane's full
breasts.  She also had slapped them enough that they were a bit red, as was the
gash between the submissive woman's legs.  Ken walked up just as Sandy leaned
forward again to slap Jane's pussy.
    
      	"Beg to drink my piss, slave," she said.
    
      	Ken had noticed that, more and more, Sandy was taking a dominant roll
with Jane.  She still enjoyed some time in the ropes, but he was sure it was
mainly because she liked to struggle against them, rather than any overtly
submissive urges.
    
      	"Please, Mistress, UH!, may I drink your piss?" said Jane.
    
      	"No," said Sandy landing a loud slap on Jane's mons.  It was clear her
fingers had made direct contact with Jane's clit ring, making the woman jump and
moan with passion.
    
      	"You ready to go, Sandy?" asked Ken.
    
      	She sat down full on the other woman's face, cutting off her breath.
    
      	"Are we going somewhere?"
    
      	"Yup.  For a little walk."
    
      	Sandy knew there was more to it than that, and so got off the woman
under her.
    
      	Ken quickly collared his wife and pulled her off the lounge, positioning
her on all fours on the pavement.  She was panting now, sensing her desire for
rough treatment was soon to be fulfilled.  Ken grabbed a set of modified nipple
clamps, each with a sixteen-ounce weight, and put one on each of her nipples.
She groaned -- that was one hell of a lot of weight.  Each clamp had serrated
teeth, ensuring they had a firm grip, and pain flared through her chest as her
breasts were pulled almost into cones.  She loved it.
    
      	"Let's go," he said, taking a leash attached to Jane's collar in one
hand and the bag in the other.
    
      	Sandy slipped on her flip-flops, grabbed the cooler and followed him out
into the yard.
    
      	Since the mansion was on ten acres, some of it quite wooded, it was very
private.  Even aircraft, oddly enough, didn't seem to fly over.  Probably, Ken
thought, because he wasn't a celebrity.
    
      	They walked (or crawled, in Jane's case) for a couple of minutes to a
stand of trees.  There wasn't much shade under them, and the day was a typical
SoCal summer day.  Bright and very hot.  Jane was quite dusty and sweaty when
they finally got to the the trees.  Naturally, that got to Sandy, since Jane's
sweat was laden with pheromones; besides, Sandy had a thing about sweat.
    
      	Ken put the bag down and opened it.  Sandy ran her fingers over Jane,
sliding them into Jane's wet cunt and finger-fucking her.  Jane moaned and
thrust her hips back at Sandy.  Sandy smiled, pulled out her fingers -- coated
with Jane's secretions -- and put them to her mouth, enjoying the taste.
    
      	Ken looked at her, and realized that she was being affected by Jane's
pheromones in a big way.  Or perhaps she just liked the taste of Jane's pussy
juice.  He had noticed that the Priestesses all tasted better than your average
woman.  Not that he didn't like the taste of your average woman -- he loved
eating pussy -- but eating a Priestess brought the experience to a whole new
level.
    
      	While Sandy teased Jane, Ken pounded two pieces of rebar deep into the
ground.  Next, he started braiding her long hair from the top of her head,
weaving a strand of leather tightly into the braid, then tying it off.  He had
Jane stand up and put her hands in front of her.  She winced from the pull of
the heavy weights on her nipples.  The clamps, while not sharp, were very tight
and had actually cut her skin.  Ken used untreated hemp woven into a very rough
and splintery rope to tie her wrists tightly together.  Then, he flipped some
rope over the selected branch and pulled her hands over her head -- not
stretching her, just holding her hands in place.  Next, he took more of the same
rope and wrapped each of her ankles.  Then he tied each one to a piece of the
rebar, which caused her to spread her legs very wide.
    
      	He went back to the rope attached to her wrists and pulled, forcing her
eventually to rise on her toes as the pull on her wrists grew.  It was an
uncomfortable position, to say the least, and not one for a novice.  To say
nothing of the potential damage that could be caused to her wrists.  Of course,
Jane was far tougher to hurt than your average woman, and since she could easily
heal herself, there was very little that could actually cause permanent damage.
This freed Ken to place her in very strict bondage with no fear of doing her
lasting harm.  He took the end of the braid and tied it to her wrists.  It
wasn't very tight, but it did keep her hair out of the way.
    
      	She moaned loudly when Ken removed the clamps, the blood rushing back
into her abused nipples.  Some of it made thin, red trails down her perfect
breasts.  He was hard as a rock and knew that Jane was slipping into subspace.
Sandy, too, had her lust rising to a fever pitch.
    
      	Finally, he pulled three whips out of the bag.  One was a six-foot
single tail.  The other two were knotted cats.  Each strand of the cat was made
from supple leather about as thick as a sneaker lacing.  Each strand had knots
tied about an inch apart along its two-and-a-half-foot length.
    
      	Ken smiled at his wife as he approached her with the single-tail in his
hand and kissed her.  Her scent, sweat mixed with arousal, was intoxicating and
he couldn't wait to plunge his cock deep into her willing body.  But first
things first.
    
      	"You don't mind if Sandy and I use you for some target practice, do
you?" he asked smiling.
    
      	"No, Master.  Please, use your slave," she panted.
    
      	Her eyes were dilated, despite the brightness of the sun.
    
      	"Would you like to sit back for a few minutes while I warm her up with
this?" asked Ken.
    
      	"Sure," replied Sandy.
    
      	She'd been spreading out the blanket that had been in the bag.  Now she
kicked off her flip-flops and sat back, legs spread wide, slowly rubbing her
pussy.
    
      	Ken turned back to his slave, and began lightly hitting her with the
single tail in a back and forth motion.  Well, light for Jane, which meant that
while the leather wasn't cutting her -- yet -- it was raising long red welts on
her skin.
    
      	He started on her outer thighs, the whip wrapping around them with the
tip invariably snapping on her tender inner thigh.  After her thighs were well
marked, he moved to her back, often angling the whip so the tip created painful
welts under her arms.  Very little of her body was spared.  Her stomach had many
welts, some bleeding, by the time he'd finished his 'warm up'.  Her ass was also
bleeding and the tip had found its way to snap on the soft flower of her sex
numerous times.  Her bare mons had also been a popular target.
    
      	Jane had gritted her teeth time and time again to keep her body under
control and not have an orgasm.  She had not been given permission to cum, and
knew it was quite possible that her Master would deny her for a long time.
    
      	She was soaked with sweat when he finished with the single tail.  Sandy
stood when Ken put it back in the bag and picked up the two cats.  He offered
her one, and Sandy's eyes glowed.  She approached Jane and grabbed the base of
her braid, pulling her into a deep kiss.  Jane responded with a moan, her hips
rotating as she controlled her desire.  Then Sandy took one of her large nipples
in her mouth and bit it.  Jane moaned, whimpering as Sandy's tongue traced under
each large breast, licking up the liquid that was dripping off her.
    
      	Sandy continued to torture Jane with her tongue, dipping into her belly
button, licking the sticky juice that coated her swollen, inner cunt lips.
About that time, Ken started using the whip on Jane's back.  If used with enough
power, it would easily cause her to bleed, so Ken was careful -- but not too
careful.
    
      	Sandy was less experienced than Ken, and so when she finished her
teasing, they switched places and began to work their way down Jane's bound and
stretched body with the whips.  Ken at the front, Sandy in back.
    
      	Jane began begging for an orgasm.  Ken was working her breasts, now cut
in several places, and Sandy was working on her ass.  Finally, Ken stepped back,
which Sandy took as a signal to stop, as well.
    
      	"Noo!  Please, Master, don't stop, please!" panted Jane.
    
      	"Do you want to cum, slave?"
    
      	The question was rhetorical, to say the least, but he knew she wanted to
beg.
    
      	"Yes, please, Master, let your slave cum."  Jane's hips rotated and she
was literally dripping, a long strand of her oils oozing from her body.
    
      	Ken made her beg for a while longer.  Sandy stood back and fingered
herself to an orgasm in front of Jane, which, of course, only added to Jane's
need.  Especially when Sandy took her fingers, webbed together by a thick coat
of her cream, and wiped them over Jane's nose and mouth.  Ken decided that she
had waited long enough, and began using the cat between her spread legs, the
harsh leather strands merciless against her soft pussy.  Sandy returned to using
the other cat from Jane's rear, often catching the sides of Jane's breasts with
the tips, while Ken began windmilling the leather to stroke her sex.  It didn't
take very long for her to have a strong orgasm, but Ken kept going, working her
up to another.  He stopped before she got there, though.

    	With Sandy's help, they soon had Jane repositioned.  First, they took
her hands down and untied them.  Next, her elbows were tied until they were
touching, then her wrists were fastened together.  Once again, a rope was
attached to her wrist rope and pulled up, which caused her arms to be pulled up
--  behind her, instead of in front.  When they finished, Jane was bent over at
a bit less than a ninety-degree angle, with her arms pulled painfully up and
behind her, and once again on her toes.  Her flexibility had grown, and her
wrists were quite a bit higher than her head. Ken took a ring gag and put that
in her mouth, then tied her braid to the rope holding her wrists, forcing her
head to look forward.  That was bad enough, but he was far from finished.

    	Next came several coils of the rough hemp, which he wrapped tightly
around the base of each breast.  They were hard and turning a dark red by the
time he was finished.  Needless to say, after being whipped, they were already
very sensitive.  She groaned as the weights were added back to each nipple, this
time with hooks that attached to her nipple bars, rather than clamps.

    	Finally, Ken and Sandy returned to the blanket and, in full view of his
suffering slave, began to have sex.  Sandy was penetrated in all three holes,
with Ken eventually cumming in her asshole.  Sandy loved every second of it,
especially since they were both able to watch as the heat, weights and extreme
position took their toll on Jane.  Her sweat was stinging the multiple cuts that
the whip had made, which only added to her pain.  Naturally, Jane was in her
glory.

    	When he finished with Sandy, he made sure to use Jane's mouth to clean
him off.  Not that she wouldn't have anyway, but she was unable to object since
the ring gag kept her mouth open.  Again, that was just fine with her -- made
the whole experience better, in fact.

    	Finally Ken knelt down and started fiddling with her clit ring.  It
wasn't a large ring, but it had been placed so that it would keep her clit
exposed.  Her clit had been easily exposed before she'd been pierced, since the
hood wasn't all that long, or thick, but the ring near the base ensured that her
sensitive organ was completely accessible.  Normally, there might have been the
worry that she would be desensitized, but Lea had seen to it that that wouldn't
happen.  If anything, she was more sensitive there, not less.  Ken rarely
removed the ring, but he and Annette had been working on some new toys, and he
thought this was the time to start using them, so it took it out and replaced it
with a bar that had two small rings on either side.  Jane was very sensitive and
was moaning and trying not to move.  It was difficult, especially in her
position.

    	Once the bar was in place, Ken reached into his bag and took out a
stand, a pole, and something that looked like a small, curved, saddle -- one
that had several hundred plastic bristles attached to it.  He put everything
together, then angled it so that it would match the angle of her pussy quite
nicely.  The bristles were stiff, but weren't too rough -- if it were only your
fingers they were rubbing against.  If they came into contact with a swollen,
just-whipped pussy, it would be a whole different story.  Against someone's
clit, they would be quite painful.

    	Once everything was in position, Jane -- who had relaxed her legs, even
though it put more stress on her shoulders -- was up on her toes again.  The
saddle was positioned so that, if she weren't, the bristles would be digging
into her cunt rather than just lightly resting against the lips.  They were also
resting against her clit, but that was the least of her problems.  Thin rods had
been attached to each side of the bar through her clit.  Those rods extended a
short distance, then ran through small guides on the saddle, ensuring that it
would be very difficult for her to shift enough to keep the bristles away from
her swollen organ.  Finally, fairly heavy weights had been attached to each of
the rods, stretching her clit and making sure that any move caused a lot of
tugging.  She was panting, saliva running down her chin when he finished.

    	"Well," said Ken, "I guess we're done here.  Ready to head back, Sandy?"

    	Sandy's eyes were wide as she imagined how those bristles would feel
against her pussy, never mind her clit.  If Jane came down off her toes even a
little, they'd be grinding into her pussy and clit rather than just brushing
against them, and there was no escape.  Since the weights did shift as Jane
moved around, there was a constant tugging on her clit, as well as the constant
stimulation of the bristles.  Jane's eyes were closed, sweat dripping from her
panting body and stinging her eyes.  But there were clear strands of juice that
had already started to coat the saddle, and Sandy had no doubt that Jane was
enjoying her predicament immensely.

    	"How long are you going to leave her like that?" asked Sandy as they
started to walk away.

    	Ken shrugged.  "I don't know.  Maybe an hour.  Maybe 'till tomorrow."
Over his shoulder, he said, "Have fun, love.  You're allowed three orgasms -- no
more."

    	Jane groaned very loudly, and Ken caught the sight of their Goddess
appearing behind her.  He smiled.

    +++++
  
    	Jane's predicament had reignited Sandy's passions, so when they got back
to poolside, Ken was more than happy to use his mouth, fingers, and finally cock
on the woman to satisfy her.
  
    	"Gee," he commented, "I guess I didn't do such a great job before."
  
    	"Don't be silly," she smiled, "that has nothing to do with it.  For some
reason, your wife just makes me really excited."  She blushed a little and said,
"She brings out something in me.  Something that makes me enjoy watching her
squirm.  It's kind of embarrassing."
  
    	"Why?" asked Ken, dipping his tongue between her nether lips.
  
    	Sandy purred, her excitement overriding her embarrassment,  "I like
watching while someone hurts her.  It's really exciting, because I know how much
she likes it."
  
    	Ken slid a finger inside both of Sandy's lower holes and flicked his
tongue over her clit.  "And you'd like to be the one hurting her, wouldn't you?"
  
    	"Oh, GOD! you're driving me crazy," she panted, not willing to reply.
  
    	"Tell me the truth, or I'll tease you until you pass out, then give you
to Arianwen.  You remember what happened the last time that happened, don't
you?"
  
    	"Oh," said Sandy, squirming as her excitement increased.  It was clear
the thought of being given to Ari really got her going.  "You wouldn't," she
gasped.
  
    	"I would," he replied, teasing her sex lightly with his teeth.
  
    	"Yessss," she hissed.  "I'd like to be the one playing with her..."
  
    	"It's more than that, isn't it?" he prompted.  "You don't want to 'play'
with her.  You want to whip her... cane her breasts... use a large dildo in her
holes..."
  
    	Sandy knew that Jane was not built to accommodate large objects.  That
never stopped her Master or Arianwen from using them on her, though.
  
    	As the images of what Ken was describing flooded her brain, she moaned,
"Yes, yesss.  I want that ... I want to whip her again, hear her scream when I
make her cum ..."
  
    	Ken turned up the teasing just a little more, and Sandy found she was
going out of her mind, almost losing touch with her surroundings.  His voice was
about the only thing grounding her.
  
    	"Perhaps, we should think about getting you a slave of your own..."
  
    	For some reason, that thought shot Sandy into orbit, her orgasm
continuous until she couldn't get enough oxygen and passed out.  When she
regained consciousness, she could feel Ken's strong arms holding her sweating
body.  She opened her eyes and smiled, a little shyly.
  
    	"Glad to see you're back," he said gently, kissing her forehead, then
her lips.
  
    	Sandy felt like a limp rag and just nodded.  Finally, she began to get
her strength back and they separated, Ken reaching into the cooler for some
water.  She drank deeply, then leaned back in the chair and stretched like a
cat, her skin wet and shining in the sun.  It was a beautiful sight, to say the
least.
  
    	Eventually, they walked to the outdoor shower and turned it on, letting
the cool water stream over their bodies.
  
    	"You," she said as she leaned against the wall, "are a cruel, vile, evil
man."
  
    	"Yup," he smiled.  "But I'm guessing that I hit a nerve there, eh?"
  
    	"Like I said," replied Sandy, "something about your wife brings out
this... thing... in me.  I'm usually not like that."
  
    	"But you liked it when I said we should find you someone to play with,
though, didn't you?"
  
    Sandy was silent, enjoying the feeling of his hands as he shampooed her
hair.  "Yes," she finally said, almost in a whisper.
  
    	They said nothing more about that, but Sandy asked Ken how much longer
he was going to leave Jane out back.  He just shrugged and grinned.  Sandy shook
her head.  She had no idea how the other woman endured it, but the tingle in her
own clit caused by knowing that Jane was still suffering was a little
disturbing.

    	Ken knew that Lea was still playing with her High Priestess.  He could
feel them, in the back of his mind, and knew that Lea was blocking Jane's
orgasms while they played.  She'd released the block once, and Jane had cum so
hard, she'd almost passed out, then screamed back to full consciousness as her
weight landed on the saddle after her knees buckled.  Lea smiled at her, then
patiently began to tease her again, relentlessly driving Jane's excitement back
up to where it had just been.  Each touch of the Goddess felt like an amped-up
Violet wand, or like streaks of fire over and under her skin.  It drove her
wild.  Jane would sleep well tonight.

      	"So," said Ken as he and Sandy sat down in the kitchen, eating a snack,
"have you decided if you're going to work with Davyn?"
    
      	He'd just gotten out the question when Sally walked into the kitchen.
She seemed to have this preternatural ability to sense when someone was in there
eating, and always arrived within minutes to see if she could feed them more.
    
      	"You're going to work for Davyn?" asked Sally.  She giggled, "Better be
careful, or you might find that it's *your* hood he gets under."
    
      	Sandy started, a bit guiltily.  This was Sally's father-in-law, after
all.  Sally smiled, though.
    
      	"Oh, I'm just kidding," Sally said, kissing Sandy on the cheek.  "Sort
of.  Davyn has an eye for women, but he would never step out on his wife."
    
      	Ken smiled and shook his head.  Sally was telling the truth, he knew.
Davyn would never cheat on his wife, nor would he ever let sex cause problems in
a business relationship.  The truth, however, didn't give the whole picture, and
Sally knew it.
    
      	"Bummer," smiled Sandy, trying to regain some composure.  "He's hot, and
so's Helen.  I'd be more than happy to have either -- or both -- of them."
    
      	Sally breezed by and kissed Sandy again.  "Good luck.  I've always
thought they were both hot."
    
      	"So," prompted Ken again, "you didn't answer my question.  Are you going
to work for him?"
    
      	"I really want to," said Sandy.  "But I don't have the schooling to keep
up with him.  I mean, I grew up with older brothers who played with muscle cars.
I was always helping them out with stuff -- when they'd let me.  I know a lot
about engines.  But Davyn ... he's on a different level completely.  I've never
even heard of the modifications that he's come up with, never mind the theories
that he talks about.  That guy's a genius."
    
      	+++++

	People had started to return to Nemetodunum for dinner.  Jane was still
out back, only semi-conscious by this time.  Lea had only let her cum twice,
both times causing the woman to lose consciousness, and she was exhausted, the
strict position Ken had left her in becoming more and more painful.  She was
also deep into her version of subspace, and as much as she hurt, she was flying
on a sexual high that she rarely got to visit.
    
      	Ari came into the kitchen, where everyone had gathered to talk, and
leaned over.
    
      	"Our wife is almost passed out from bliss in the back yard.  What did
you do to her?"
    
      	"Why don't you go see for yourself," said Ken.  "In fact, why don't you
go release her?  Make sure to take the bar out of her clit and put the ring back
in."  Ken handed her Jane's clit ring.
    
      	"May I have some fun with our wife, too?" she asked.
    
      	"Of course.  Use her anyway you'd like.  She's allowed one more orgasm
today.  I was going to wait until bedtime, but do as you think is best," he
replied.  "Oh, when you bring her back, make sure she returns the same way I
brought her out there."
    
      	"How was that?"
    
      	"Make her tell you," said Ken.
    
      	Arianwen grinned, looking for all the world like a teen with a new iPod,
and skipped out the back.  Ken shook his head and smiled.  What with the way she
handled herself -- the classes, the fact that she was married, how well spoken
she was -- Ken often forgot that she was only seventeen.
    
      	Surely, there couldn't be too many seventeen-year-olds like her.  He
smiled as, minutes later, Jane's lust began to spike again, then went back to
the conversation.
 
      End Chapter 2-11




Avatar 2

Chapter 12

    	Dinner had been nice, as always.  A little awkward for Jane, of course,
since she was still tied and had to eat out of a bowl on the floor.  She was
ravenous, though, and Ken made sure she ate her fill.  She was also sore, tired,
dirty and frustrated, since her wife had only teased her and allowed no orgasm. 
Naturally, she was in heaven.

    	Eventually her spouses decided it was time for bed, and she was led
upstairs.  Ken and Ari brought her into the shower with them and cleaned her up. 
Then, with the knotted cat back in his hand, Ken whipped her breasts while
fucking her hard, as Jane licked Ari to several orgasms.  Once he pulled out of
her and Ari had cleaned off both Jane and him, they all got into bed, Jane
between him and Arianwen.  She winced as she shifted -- the cuts, scrapes and
bruises obviously making themselves known.  Ken smiled and reached out his hand. 
He had more than enough power to heal her, but as soon as she felt it flowing
into her, she shook her head in protest.

    	"Please, Master," she almost whispered, "don't.  Let me enjoy it.  It'll
heal by tomorrow, and that's soon enough.  Please?"

    	"Of course, my love," he replied, kissing her as she drifted off to
sleep.

    	Arianwen looked at him, then they both looked at their complex wife. 
Jane was strong, willful and very powerful.  He knew that she'd never stand for
it if someone abused her for real.  But, despite the physical damage, for her,
this was only pleasure -- not abuse. 

    +++++

    	Morning time found them all in the mansion's dojo, running through the
basics.  Afterwards, everybody split to pursue their various activities.  Ken
called Gary and arranged to have a conversation with him later in the evening. 
There were some things that he wanted to run past him.  He also found Bill in
the lab and sat down to speak to him.

      	"You know," he started, "when I came to you the other day to ask for
help with something, you distracted me."
     
      	"Oh, yeah," grinned Bill.  "Sorry about that."
     
      	"You also never told Genie I needed to talk to her."
     
      	"Uh, yeah.  It's a real touchy thing with her, and I couldn't find a way
to let her know what I told you."
     
      	"Maybe getting the information that I need would be an opening," replied
Ken.
     
      	"Okay," said Bill, "what did you need to know?"
     
      	Ken told him what he wanted, and Bill said he'd talk to Genie.

+++++
     
     	Ken had just enough time to get to Gary's before heading to the dojo, so
that's where he headed.  When he got there though, there were two police cars in
front of it.  Frowning, Ken walked towards the door.  There was a cop leaning
against the wall.  He gave Ken a very nasty look as he walked in.
    
     	Gary was in the process of showing the cop his rental agreement.
    
     	"You've got the wrong address," he said.  "This is a place of business. 
There's no 'club' here -- no one but my girlfriend and me."
    
     	"You mean that naked chick in the back?"
    
     	Gary was starting to lose his cool. "Yeah, the one your partner is
drooling over."
    
     	The cop's face darkened, and he leaned forward.  "Don't get smart with
me..." at which point he noticed Ken.  "Who are you?"
    
     	Ken smiled and offered his hand. "Hi, Officer.  My name is Ken."
    
     	"What are you doing here?" asked the man suspiciously, ignoring Ken's
hand.
    
     	"I'm here to see my friends, Gary and Annette," replied Ken.
    
     	The cop grinned and looked at Gary.  "So, you're just gonna have a
gathering of a few 'friends' eh?  I guess I'll be able to add prostitution to
the charge of running an illegal club."  He stood up and said, "I think I'll
bring you all in for questioning.  Let's go."
    
     	Ken pulled out his cell phone and dialed Lenny.
    
     	"Lenny, hi," he said.  "I don't know how much time I have, but could you
have David meet us at... hold on.  Which precinct are you taking us to?"
    
     	The cop looked at him. "You some kind of wise ass?  Put the phone down."
    
     	By this time, the other cop had come out of the back with Annette in
handcuffs.  They hadn't even covered her.
    
     	"Well, Lenny, I've got to go.  We're being arrested," said Ken.  "No, I
have no idea why, I just walked in Gary's store, and they told me I was under
arrest.  Warrant?  No, I didn't see one."
    
      	"I said put the phone down!" said the cop, walking towards Ken.
     
      	"Hey, hey, easy there," said Ken.  He put the phone on the counter, out
of the cop's reach.  "No need to threaten me with physical violence."
     
      	"That's it," snapped the cop, now forgetting all about the open phone on
the counter.  "I'm adding resisting arrest to your charges."
     
      	"Officer, don't you think you should cover the lady before we go out to
the car?" asked Ken.
     
      	"We'll parade her naked through the fuckin' streets if we want!" said
the man.  "It's obvious she's a slut, anyway.  Now shut up and turn around."
     
      	Ken did as he was told, having completely distracted the man from the
phone, which was still sitting on the counter.  Finally, they were taken to the
police cars and driven away.
     
      	"Do you have any idea what is going on?" he asked Gary.
     
      	"These guys came into the store saying that I was running some kind of
sex club.  I showed them my lease, explained that I only make furniture and
there was no one else there except Annette, anyway.  They scared away the two
customers I had in the store when they drove up."
     
      	"Yeah, they probably ran away.  Should have pulled them in for
questioning too," said the cop.  "Now, shut up."
     
      	They spent the rest of the drive in silence.  Ken knew that Gary was
worrying about Annette, since one of the cops in the other car had gotten in the
back with her, rather than up front.  Ken wondered what would happen if the guy
laid his hands on Annette.  Would Lea protect her?
     
      	Once at the station, they were all taken to separate rooms. 
     
      	Ken cooled his heels for a half hour or so.  He was seriously annoyed,
but didn't figure that showing it would help him.  He'd done nothing -- none of
them had -- but the last thing he wanted was to get himself noticed. 
Eventually, the door opened and a detective walked in and sat down with a folder
in front of him.  He opened it, then took out a pad of paper and a pen.
     
      	"How long have you known Mr. Sorrel?"
     
      	"I'm sorry, Detective," said Ken.  "Am I being charged with something?"
     
      	"Just answer the question," replied the man.
     
      	Ken shook his head.  "I'm sorry sir, I can't do that.  I'd like to speak
to my lawyer, now."
     
      	"Don't make this worse by being a smart ass," said the man.  "How long
have you known Mr. Sorrel?"
     
      	Ken shook his head.  "Detective..."
     
      	The man did not provide his name.
     
      	Ken shrugged.  "Detective, I have not been charged with anything.  I
have not been given my rights.  I have not been given my phone call.  Until
those things happen, I'm afraid it would be a bad idea for me to answer your
questions."
     
      	The man looked sharply at Ken.  "You weren't read your rights?"
     
      	"No, sir.  None of us were.  Now may I have my phone call?"
     
      	The detective left the room.  When he walked back in ten minutes later,
David Traver was with him and neither man was looking very happy.
     
      	"You're free to go, Mr. Whitestone," said the detective.
     
      	"He's more than free to go," said David.  "I have a witness who was
listening on the phone when they were arrested.  No Miranda rights were read, no
charges declared, your people didn't even have a warrant to search the property
-- which I'm told they did -- without my clients on the property!"
     
      	"There was some sort of mix-up," replied the detective, obviously not a
happy man.
     
      	"That's putting it mildly, Detective Johnsten," replied David. "It
borders on harassment.  You can't just walk into a store and arrest people
without even charging them!"
     
      	"We had a tip..."
     
      	"Really?  And these people were so dangerous that you had to move right
then?  No warrants, not even a bench warrant?  Were they terrorists?"
     
      	"No, nothing like that, but the law states that sex clubs are not
allowed..."
     
      	"The place isn't a sex club, it sells sex toys.  There's a huge
difference," snapped David.  "I'd suggest that the department begin looking to
its own defense from the law suit that will most certainly be filed."
     
      	"Now, just a minute," protested Johnsten.  "It was just a
misunderstanding..."
     
      	"Is that why you didn't even let Ms. Wright get dressed?  You sent her
back to the precinct with two *male* police officers, one of whom rode in the
back *with* her?"
     
      	"You have no proof of that!"
     
      	David snorted.   "You don't think so?  You think a store like Gary's
doesn't have a video security system?  What about the traffic cams you folks are
so proud of?  I'm sure they'd show what happened on the drive back."
     
      	The man paled further, his lips pressed tightly together. 
     
      	"I have no idea if my clients will be pressing charges.  But I'm sure
that, if this ends up in any official record or in the papers, in order to
protect their good names, they'll have to take you to court," said David.
     
      	"I'm sure that this... misunderstanding... won't show up anywhere,"
replied the detective.  "The officers in question will be dealt with."
     
      	They met in the lobby, Annette still wrapped in the blanket and looking
none the worse for wear.  Ken looked at her, and she smiled.  He noted the
bright orange of a prison-issue jump suit under the blanket.  He smiled back,
but the smile never reached his eyes.  Someone was going to pay for this.
     
      	David took them back to Gary's shop.  They held the conversation to
small talk on the way back.  David could see that Annette was upset and Gary was
furious.  But Ken actually scared him.  He couldn't say why, exactly.  He wasn't
raging or even speaking much.  And his tone seemed completely normal.  But David
was unable to shake the idea that this was a very dangerous person.
     
      	"Look," he said as he dropped them off, "we should get together later
and discuss what went on today.  I don't think that they'll do anything else,
but you never know.  Plus I'd like to know why you think this happened.  Police
are not in the habit of just arresting people at random, not even ones from that
precinct."
     
      	Ken looked at David and said, "What do you mean, 'ones from that
precinct'?"
     
      	"Let's just say that they've had more than their share of incidents," he
responded.  "As I said, do you think it would be possible to get together later? 
Lenny drove by here and saw some squad cars in front after you guys were in
custody.  He's sure that people were inside looking around."
     
      	"Sure," said Ken at the same time Gary said, "No."
     
      	They looked at Gary.  He seemed embarrassed as he continued.  "Look
David, there's no delicate way to put this.  I really appreciate you helping us
out and all.  I don't want to stiff you or anything, but I don't have a lot of
money at the moment.  It might take me a while to pay you, and I can't really
afford to retain you."
     
      	"I can," said Ken in a flat voice.  "And will, so don't argue, Gary.  I
don't take kindly to false arrest -- of anyone -- but I especially don't like it
when it happens to me.  I'll be retaining David, provided he wants the case."
     
      	"Look," said David, "I don't want to make anyone uncomfortable.  There
won't be a charge for today.  We can talk tonight about what happens next,
okay?"
     
      	"Sure," replied Ken.  "If you want, why don't you and Lenny come by
tonight for dinner.  We can discuss it then, or we can eat and retire to
someplace more private."
     
      	They agreed, and David drove off.
     
      	Gary walked into his store.  Things were a real mess, but there were no
police there.  Someone had searched the place and had left it a wreck.
     
      	"Jesus Christ," spat Gary.  "The fuckers wrecked the place, then left it
open.  I could have been robbed blind!"
     
      	Ken thought it unlikely that anyone could have taken too much, the
furniture was pretty heavy. Then he remembered that Annette did jewelry work in
the back.  Plus, there was jewelry and other small, but expensive, pieces of
metal work in the case.  A quick inspection showed nothing was taken, and most
of Annette's raw materials were in a small safe in the back rather than out on
her work table.  Gary started to put things back together when he noticed a
brown envelope propped by the cash register.
     
      	He opened it, his lips tightening as he read the letter.
     
      	"Fuck!" he said, crumpling the paper and throwing it on the ground.  "I
can't believe this shit!"
    
     	"What's wrong?" asked Annette.  She'd been getting dressed in the back.
    
     	"We've been evicted.  The landlord is breaking our lease.  If we're not
out by Friday, he says he'll lock us out."
    
     	Ken didn't know what to say.  Gary sat down with his head in his hands,
while Annette put her arms around him.  Ken joined them.
    
     	"Gary, man, I know this sucks.  But you're not gonna end up on the
street," he said.  "Look, you and Annette spend most of your time at the mansion
anyway, so this would just make it a little more official.  As for your stuff,
c'mon, our place is huge.  We'll be able to store it, and I'm certain that, for
now, we'll even be able to find a place for you to continue to work."
    
     	Gary looked like he was about to argue, but Annette whispered something
in his ear and he closed his mouth.
    
     	"I know that the business means a lot to you, Gary.  We both know what's
going on here.  Use the time to retreat and rebuild.  You have a good clientele
and a strong presence on the web.  For now, it'll be fine."
    
     	Gary shook his head.  "For the moment.  But I don't know if I can
continue this.  They've been fining the shit out of me, and I have no reserves
left.  Plus, people have stopped ordering because they've gotten wind of what's
going on and don't want to be in the line of fire.  Hell, the last person I had
in the shop who bought something was .... oh shit!  That little fucking BITCH!"
    
     	Ken looked at his friend in surprise.  Gary was absolutely livid now. 
    
     	"What?" asked Ken.
    
     	"Gitana," he said, spitting the word like curse.
    
    	"Who's Gitana?"
    
     	"She's that fucking senator's daughter.  The one who caused all this
shit in the first place," said Gary.
    
     	"You let her back in the store?"
    
     	"Yeah," he said, sadly shaking his head.  "It was stupid, I know, but
she insisted on coming in to see Annette about some jewelry she ordered a month
ago.  I should have known that it would be trouble."
    
     	"What kind of jewelry?" asked Ken, thinking of the Dragons that Annette
had made.
    
     	"It wasn't anything kinky," said Annette.  "Just a bracelet.  We really
needed the money, and she said she'd cancel if she couldn't come get it in
person."
     
      	"That's sounds more than a little odd," said Ken.  "It sounds like a
set-up."
     
      	Gary shook his head.  "Maybe, but not the way you're thinking.  She's
always had a thing for Annette.  They've even played together, once or twice.  I
know she was upset when I told her we couldn't see her any more.  Actually, she
as more than upset, she was outright pissed.  She guessed the reason right away,
though."
     
      	"Her dad?"
     
      	"Yeah."
     
      	Rather than clean everything up, they gathered a few things and went
back to the mansion.  On the way back, Ken was following Gary and noticed a car
following them.  At least, he thought it was following them.  Well, there was
one way to find out if that was the case.  He couldn't see in the car because of
the dark tint on the windows.  It didn't look like an official car, but after a
few more turns, he was certain it was following them.  He made sure that he
stopped at a light and blocked the other car from passing, by trying to make a
left-hand turn from the right-hand lane.  The driver beeped a number of times,
but couldn't get by. 
     
      	Rather than head back to the mansion himself, Ken decided he needed to
run some errands.  The car followed him to the first place, since Gary was lost
in traffic, but when Ken emerged, enjoying a nice Penguin's frozen yogurt, the
other car had already left.  Ken made a quick call to Gary explaining what he'd
done and why.  Needless to say, Gary was not pleased.
     
      	Gary and Annette were upstairs with the room door closed when Ken
returned.  Rather than bothering them, he decided to poke around a little to see
if there was a place to set up a workshop for them. 
     
      	It turned out that there was a large room over the garage.  It had about
as much space as the shop had had, not counting the showroom area.  Problem was,
it was one big area, and Ken knew that Annette's work wouldn't benefit from
being covered with sawdust.  She'd had her own little work room.  Plus, there
was no easy way to get the heavy equipment up.  They could store it somewhere
else for a while, and if Gary decided to set up shop here, then they'd get a
carpenter to build a room or two and an extra-wide entry way.
     
      	Ken sat, deep in thought, as he wondered if maybe he should just have a
small building put on the property.  Gary and Annette could use it as a private
work shop.  Ken had always liked the idea of doing some woodwork, but knew that
it was unlikely he'd ever get around to it.  He had too many hobbies already. 
Then he thought about the small delivery area in the back of the mansion. 
Weren't there some rooms back there...?
     
      	There was a knock on the door, and Gary came in.
     
      	"Hey," said Ken.  "You doing alright?"
     
      	"Yeah, sorta.  Annette's taking a nap.  This morning really upset her,"
replied Gary.
     
      	Ken sat up. "They didn't do anything to her, did they?"
     
      	"Naa.  They were smart enough to keep their hands off -- mostly.  But
they said a lot of shitty things to her on the way over.  Not that anyone will
be able to prove it."
     
      	Ken sighed.  "We'll talk to David tonight."
     
      	"Yeah, about that..."
     
      	"Gary, it's decided.  Even if you don't press charges, I'm going to get
his advice and, if nothing else, keep him on retainer.  At this point, we really
don't need a bunch of black and whites showing up at the gate with a warrant. 
I'll do what I have to to keep them out.  To a point, anyway."
     
      	Gary nodded.  He and Annette had spoken about this.  As a
soon-to-be-Priestess, she was very protective of the mansion.  Gary knew what
would happen if the police found the playroom.  That, plus the fact that Tina
was so underaged, would give the press a field day if the police were to raid
the mansion.  "Multi-millionaire Lottery Winner has Teenage Sex Dungeon!"  Gary
had no illusions that the press would be responsible in their reporting.
     
      	He and Ken spoke for about an hour, deciding what to do about the shop. 
Gary was understandably upset by the destruction of his business.  Ken thought
he would balk at his offer of storing his equipment, and perhaps, even setting
up a small shop for him and Annette, but he just nodded and said he'd think
about it.  Ken didn't want to mention the other things that he had Joan looking
into, since he had only a vague idea what he was going to do with her
information himself.

     	Gary made a few calls to get a truck to haul his stuff, and Ken was sure
that everyone who could, would chip in to help with the move.  Ken knew that
some of the shop equipment was quite heavy and that they'd need help.  Once Gary
was out of the room, Lea appeared.  Ken reacted as he always did to his Goddess,
but it appeared that She had throttled back a bit.
       
        	"You needn't worry about the mansion being searched," She said.
       
        	"They could get a warrant Lea, and if they do, I'll let them in. 
The last thing we need is another Waco."
       
        	After he explained that reference, Lea smiled grimly.  "That
will not happen here.  Nemetodunum is *my* temple.  They will see only what I
allow them to see."
       
        	Ken blinked.  H-e-l-l-o, he thought.  Lea was a *Goddess*. 
While he didn't know the extent of Her power, he should have realized that here
it could be considerable.  Because She was so ... accessible ... he tended to
forget just how powerful She was.
       
        	"It is true," She continued, "that we do not want to attract
this kind of attention.  But do not fear, Kenneth.  They will discover nothing. 
That type of official is not something we need to worry about."
       
        	She kissed him then, his body and mind responding to Her
presence.
       
        	"Go speak to my future Priestess.  Let her know she is still
welcome.  Then, you should speak to her master ... I know that there was
something that he wanted to do during her ceremony."
       
        	"I was going to ask you if it was okay if he attended," said
Ken.
       
        	"He is more than welcome," said Lea as She disappeared.
       
        	Ken went upstairs.  Annette was not in her room; she was in the
playroom, staring out the window.
       
        	"Annette," he said, "are you okay?"
       
        	"Yes, Master Ken," she said in a voice that told him, even if he
hadn't been able to read her emotions, that she was not okay.
       
        	Still facing the window, she said, "You know, I never realized
just how far from the mainstream we live."
       
        	Ken was silent, and after a moment, she continued.  "People
would hate us -- *do* hate us -- just because of how we like to have sex.  It's
insane.  We're not hurting anyone.  There are women who would accuse me of
betraying all that was female because I want to be Gary's slave.  What good is
the freedom to choose if you can't also choose not to be free?"
       
        	"I wish I could tell you that joining the Circle will change all
that," said Ken.  "It won't ... at least not in our lifetimes.  But we can start
to form a community of people who feel the same way we do."
       
        	Annette shook her head.  "People will find out, eventually, and
try to stop us."
       
        	"They will find out eventually," said Ken, "but they won't be
able to stop us.  We have Lea on our side, and, as She reminded me today, She is
a Goddess.  We aren't at the whims of a bunch of barbarians who are going to
slaughter us.  That's why she chose America."
       
        	"She wasn't able to protect her followers in the past," replied
Annette.
       
        	Ken was silent for a moment.  When Lea had said that, he was
sure what She said was true, but he suspected that that wasn't the whole truth. 
So he took a guess.
       
        	"Those were different times.  And, like anyone else, Lea has
learned some hard lessons.  I won't turn Nemetodunum into an armed camp, but
there is more than one type of power," replied Ken.  "That being said, there is
always a chance of physical danger.  Hell, people bomb abortion clinics and kill
doctors all in the name of saving life.  Once we are found out, there will be a
large number of attempts to 'save' us, and, no doubt, a much larger effort to
jail us."
       
        	Annette nodded her head in agreement.
       
        	"It's amazing how those whose savior was crucified are so ready
to do it to everyone else," she noted.
       
        	"Yes, well, with that in mind, are you sure that you want to
join the Circle?" asked Ken.
       
        	"Never doubt it," was her firm reply.  "This is *my* life and
these are my choices.  I won't allow anyone to tell me how to live."
       
        	Despite the seriousness of the conversation, Ken smiled at the
inconsistencies of Annette's thought processes.
       
        	She turned to him with a shy grin on her face.  "Yes, I know. 
How can I declare myself a slave in one breath, then say I won't let anyone tell
me how to live."  She shrugged.  "I never claimed to be logical."
       
        	"There's perfect logic in it," replied Ken.  "You decide how to
live your life, and your decision is to be Gary's slave.  Woe unto those who
would 'save' you from that decision."
       
        	Annette came to him and hugged him.  He realized that this was
the most dressed he'd seen her at the mansion --  a t-shirt and panties. 
Proving that she was a Priestess in all but name and quite able to read his
emotions, she stepped back and removed both.  As always, he admired how
beautiful she was and began to respond.  She knelt and spread her legs, then put
her hands behind her head.
       
        	"I'm sure that my Master would approve of you using his slave,"
she said.
       
        	Ken knelt in front of her and looped a finger through each of
her nipple rings.  "Really?" he inquired.  "And what makes you so sure of that?"
       
        	"I explained to him that, as a Priestess of Lea, it might not be
a bad idea if you could have my use ... as long as he didn't object."  She
moaned as he tugged on the rings, stretching her brown nipples from her breasts. 
"He told me he had no problem with that, and he understood that, as a Priestess,
I could be used by many people.  He's never had a problem with the concept, only
the safety aspects.  Now that he doesn't have to worry about those, he said it
was fine for you to use me at your whim.  Of course, I have to have his
permission for people outside of the Circle to use me."
       
      	Ken leaned forward and, while still pulling on her rings, kissed her. 
Her scent enveloped him.  All of the Priestesses had a different scent, of
course, but Annette's seemed more... basic, somehow.  Stronger, certainly, than
most of the other women, a deeper, dusky scent.  Even though he knew her body
was producing pheromones and that he was mostly immune to them, there was just
something about her scent that turned his cock to steel.  Perhaps this was what
Arianwen and Tina reacted to?
     
      	It wasn't long before she was on her back, and he was licking and
sucking his way down her body.  She was so different from each of his wives, yet
so beautiful and exciting.  Annette was neither the waif that Arianwen was, nor
the strong, sleek cat that Jane so closely resembled.
     
      	Annette's body was fuller, and quite well-muscled.  She was beautiful
and running his hands, then tongue, over her was wonderful.  He realized that
this was the only time he'd been alone with her that *wasn't* in a bondage
setting.  She was still a submissive, but submissive is not the same thing as
passive, and Annette was quite an aggressive lover.
     
      	When he arrived between her legs, he used her labial rings to spread her
wide.  She moaned from the pain/pleasure of the sensation, eagerly accepting his
oral attentions.  He was just as eager to give them.  She was shaved completely,
to more clearly display her nether jewelry, and the sight and taste of her sex
drove him wild. 
     
      	"Pull them hard, Master, please..."  she begged.
     
      	Ken obliged, pulling harder on her lower rings while she gripped her
hood ring and pulled that.  This had the effect of exposing her swollen clit,
which he eagerly laved with his tongue.  It wasn't long before she was begging
for an orgasm.  Knowing her mood, Ken granted it.  There was a time to deny and
a time not to, and this was the time to give Annette as many orgasms as her body
could handle.

	Finally, he slid inside her, and she shuddered, climaxing almost
immediately.  He and Gary were about the same length, but he was far thicker
than her Master, and she loved it when he pounded into her, riding what seemed
to be an almost continuous wave of pleasure.  Finally, the two of them split
apart, his cock coming out of her with a thick slurping sound.

	"Thank you, Master," she said, "that was just what I needed."

	"Always happy to oblige," smiled Ken. 

	There was nothing like holding this woman in his arms.  She wasn't his
slave, or his wife,  but he realized that she was his lover.  Each of the women
in the Circle was special, and every time he made love to one of them, he felt
privileged.  She ran her hand down and stroked his sticky cock, still mostly
hard.

	"Master, you didn't cum," she said with a pout. 

	"I was enjoying your orgasms," he smiled.

	"May I enjoy one of yours?" she asked.

	"Certainly."
	
	Annette took his cock in her mouth, licking off her secretions.  Ken
positioned himself so he could watch her and smiled.  It was good to be the
Avatar.

End Chapter 2-12




Avatar 2

Chapter 13

	It turned out to be a long night.

	David and Lenny showed up and ate dinner with them.  Everyone except
Joan was there -- she'd had a dinner meeting.  After eating, they started to
discuss the issue at hand.

	"Should we adjourn somewhere ?" asked David.

	"Not unless you're uncomfortable here," replied Ken.  "Everyone should
be on the same page, so if we stay here, I won't have to go explaining it all
over again."

	"Okay," said David.

	Thus began the discussion.  David was livid when he discovered the
condition that Gary's store had been left in.  So was everyone else, and
everyone except David and Lenny offered to help him move his stuff tomorrow. 
David apologized, but said that he wanted to set the case against the precinct
into motion.  Lenny mentioned that he had commitments as well, and couldn't make
it until later in the day.

	Ken was of two minds about how to proceed.  He wanted some way to keep
those people off his back, but he didn't want to get into a battle with the
police.  In general, there was nothing wrong with most cops, but from things
that David had said earlier, he wondered what the deal was with this particular
precinct.  The only thing that David said was that they had more than their
share of complaints, but everyone always clammed up when something happened. 
And even when it appeared that they would get nailed on something, somehow, they
seemed to slip out of it.  He was eager to go after them on this one and Ken was
inclined to agree.  Still...

	"If it looks like we can get a clean kill, so to speak, then I'm all for
it.  I don't want to get involved in a protracted battle though.  We're moving
Gary out of the line of fire, and hopefully that'll take care of the problem."

	David wasn't too happy about that, but figured that half a loaf was
better than none.  They piled into Ken's X5 and went to the shop, digital camera
and video camera in hand, to document what had been done.  Ken joked that they
should call the police, but David didn't laugh.

	"You don't want them back here," he said.  "There'd be too much
opportunity to, shall we say, _find_ evidence that might have been missed
earlier.  In fact, if I were you, I'd try to find some way to get a dog in here. 
Who knows what might have been left behind?"

	Gary gave a short, sharp laugh and said, "No problem with that.  I know
someone who can help."

	Pulling out his cell phone, he made a quick call while Ken and David
went around cleaning up.  A few minutes later, the store doorbell rang.

	"Yo, Knife," smiled Gary, opening the door.  "How's it hanging?"

	"Great, man," replied the huge biker, stepping into the shop.  "What the
hell is going on, anyway?"

	He had a large, bright-eyed German shepherd with him. 

	Gary gave him a quick rundown of what had happened, and Knife began
running the dog through his paces.

	"What," asked Ken, "is he doing with a drug-sniffing dog?"

	"Knife has a soft spot for dogs.  He found out through a friend that the
cops were gonna put this one down, so he managed to get hold of it.  They think
it's dead, because you can be sure that the cops don't want a drug-sniffer in
the hands of a bunch of bikers."

	"But why were they going to get rid of it?" asked David.  "I mean, it
doesn't seem like they'd kill it just because it couldn't sniff out dope."

	"Oh, that wasn't the problem.  They were pretty upset about putting it
down, because it was an awesome sniffer.  But it seems that there was a basic
incompatibility between ol' Chomper and his owners," replied Gary with a grin.

	"And that was?" asked Ken.

	Gary's grin grew even wider.  "He doesn't like uniforms.  So he attacked
any cop that came near him.  Apparently, it didn't start that way, but over
time, Chomper just started to go after them.  They had to let him go, and
naturally they didn't want a cop-hating, drug-sniffing shepherd on the streets."

	There was a lot of laughter which was interrupted by the dog alerting on
something.  Quickly, everyone rushed to the back to see what had been found.

	Knife was holding the barking dog back from one of Annette's desk
drawers.  When they opened the drawer, nothing was found, but further searching
uncovered a plastic bag full of white power taped under it.

	"How cliche," drawled Ken.  Despite his comment, he was not amused. 
"Can you see if there's any more floating around?" 

	No one had actually touched the bag.  Ken found a pair of rubber gloves
and carefully removed the bag, which he put in a larger plastic trash bag that
Gary handed him.  He could tell the other man was just keeping it together. 
This was bullshit, plain and simple.  Chomper found another small bag inside a
closet, and they put it with the first one.  Knife had the dog re-run his
search, and this time everything came up clean.

	"So, what's all this shit, Gary?" asked Knife.  "We heard they raided
your place, saying it was some kind of illegal sex club."

	Gary filled him in, and Knife listened with narrowed eyes.

	"Sound's like those pukes.  They're in someone's pocket, for sure, and
most people don't cross 'em twice.  If you gotta place to go, I'd say git," said
the man.

	Gary explained that was what Ken had offered, and Knife nodded.

	"I could have some of the boys help, if you want.  You got a lot of
stuff here."
	
	"That'd be cool," replied Gary.  "We're gonna be here tomorrow around
noon to start moving everything out."

	They shook hands, then Knife asked Gary what he was going to do with the
bags.

	"Flush 'em," he said.

	"Why don't you give them to me?" suggested Knife.  "I'm sure I know
someone who knows someone who could find out what's really in them."

	Gary shrugged and handed over the bag.

	"Hey, Knife," said Ken as the man was getting ready to leave, "looks
like we owe ya one."

	"I'll keep a tab," replied the man with a smile.

	"Well, you could do that, or..." Ken lowered his voice for a moment and
murmured something to Knife.

	"You're shittin' me!" Knife exclaimed when Ken stepped back.

	"You know I wouldn't do that," said Ken.  "You think you guys would be
up for it?"

	"Fuckin' right!  Just the guys?"

	"Oh, no," smiled Ken.  "Girls too, if they're so inclined."

	Knife left with a big, big smile on his face.  When Gary asked what Ken
had been talking about, Ken told him.  Gary laughed and agreed that it was an
appropriate payback.

	Once they were home, David collected Lenny, who'd apparently spent the
evening talking with Joan and drooling over Eric, and they left.  Everyone else
hit the sack.  It would be a long day tomorrow.

	+++++

	When Ken and Gary showed up at the shop with the truck, it was about
twelve thirty.  They were rather surprised by the number of people who were
waiting.  In addition to the household, Joan, Sandy, Eric's father, Ellen and
Kim were there.  There was also about a half-dozen bikers from the bar,
including Knife, waiting.

	Introductions were made all around, and Gary began to carefully direct
the packing of the store merchandise.  While it was clear he wasn't very happy,
and neither was Annette, the somewhat jovial atmosphere made things easier for
him.  People were sympathetic, but made sure to tell him that they'd be
recommending his work to anyone they thought would buy it.  In fact, several of
of the smaller items never got packed, since people were buying them as they saw
them.

	"Hell," quipped Gary, "I oughta close up shop more often.  I might sell
more stuff."

	About that time, Tina came wandering up.  Her sister was wearing a metal
collar, and Tina had the leash in her hand.

	"Master Ken, look what I found," she smiled.  "Can I play with her?"

	Ken sighed.  "Not now, dear, we have a lot of work to do."

	Tina pouted, but unclipped the leash from her sister's collar.  They
giggled, then scooted over to grab more boxes to load them.  Quite a sight, the
two of them.  Neither was wearing a whole lot, and there were many eyes on them. 
In fact, none of the Circle women were wearing much, and they definitely had the
attention of the six bikers.

	"Ain't they a little young to be playin' around like that," asked Knife
as he wandered up.

	"Did you know they are sisters?" asked Ken.

	Knife's eyes got big.

	"No, fucking way."

	"Yup," smiled Ken.  "And they love to share all sorts of things."

	"You're kidding," said the man, his voice a little fainter.

	"Nope," said Ken, his smile growing.  "You should see all the
interesting positions that Arianwen can be folded into.  She's quite flexible.'

	Knife swallowed and looked at the two teens.  Ken didn't need any
special gifts to see what was going through his mind.

	"Master," said Jane, walking up.  "Is it okay that I bought that collar
for Ari?  She looks really good in it."  She paused thoughtfully, then said,
"Maybe we should get one for Tina, too."

	"Jane," said Ken, "this is Knife.  Knife, I'd like you to meet my wife,
Jane."

	Tearing his eyes from the teens did not reduce the visual splendor he
was seeing.  Jane was dressed in a skimpy halter top, through which it was easy
to see her pierced nipples, since the cloth was so thin.  She also wore short
cut-offs with socks and sneakers.  Her long, tan legs and flat stomach was very
much on display.  She was sleek and muscular without being bulky, and it went
without saying that she had Knife's attention.

	"Hey, nice to meet you," said Knife.  Then, what Ken said registered,
and he said, "Wait, *this* is your wife?"

	"Yup."

	"The..."

	"This is something we should discuss later," said Ken, cutting him off.

	"Uh, yeah.  Right."

	"Master, is there something I should know about?" asked Jane, her blue
eyes innocent and wide.  She really was getting that look down.

	"No, slave, there is not," said Ken.

	"I'm sorry, Master," said Jane with a half-smile.  "Will you be whipping
your slave now?"

	"You're such a slut," smiled Ken.

	"Yes, Sir, of course, Sir.  But I'm *your* slut," she replied.  "Does
that mean you'll beat me now?" she continued hopefully.

	"No, you little brat!  Now, scoot." said Ken.

	Sighing melodramatically, she left.  "Yes, Master."

	"You don't really whip her, do you?  I mean, I know that Annette and
Gary are way into the BDSM thing, but ..."

	"Well, I certainly don't whip her as often as she'd like me to," grinned
Ken.

	Knife just shook his head and went looking for some boxes to pack. 
Packing went pretty fast, even with all the grab-ass going on between Circle
folks.  All in all it was a lot of fun, although Ken did have to ask Tina to
stop teasing one of the bikers.

	"Tina, sweet, please don't do that," he said quietly.

	"Why not?" she asked.

	"Well, for one thing, we're trying to get work done here.  For another,
if you have sex with him, he might get a little pissed when he finds out you're
fifteen."
	
	She sighed.  "Yeah, you're right.  This kind of sucks, though."

	"I know," said Ken.  "But if the police just 'happen' to show up or have
someone watching the place, we don't need any underage entanglements.  Right
now, since the shop is closed, I don't think they can nail us for letting you
and Ari in here.  But let's not get too out of hand."
	
	She nodded and went back to work.

	"I see Tina's fitting in real well," said Ellen, walking up.

	"That's the truth.  She's very much like her sister," said Ken. 
"Actually, in some respects, she's a lot more like Jane."

	"Likes it rough, does she?"

	"Yup.  She's an interesting girl.  You remember her first night, don't
you?"

	"Oh, yeah.  I'd love to pair her with Kim for an evening," smiled Ellen.

	"Ask her," replied Ken.  "I really doubt she'll turn you down.  By the
way, how was your vacation?"

	Ellen and Kim had decided to go hiking in the Sierra Nevadas for the
last two weeks.  They were avid hikers and usually enjoyed their time away from
the office immensely.

	"It was nice," replied Ellen in a somewhat non-committal tone of voice.

	"Nice?" asked Ken.  "Two weeks hiking in the mountains, and all you can
say is that it was nice?"

	Ellen smiled.  "You're right.  Usually, it's more than nice.  But this
time... we were a little distracted."

	"Oh?"

	"We spent a lot of our time talking about what's going on at the
mansion.  Which," she chuckled, "usually lead to other things."  Ellen sighed
with a smile, and glanced over at her sub, who caught the look and grinned back. 
"We talked about the fact that we still have no idea who created the monetary
setup at the mansion."

	Ken wondered if he should ask Lea about that.  Although, how much
interest could a Goddess have in investing money?  Of course, she had arranged
for him to win the lottery, so she couldn't be too disconnected ...

	"We also talked about getting married," said Ellen, as her smile dimmed.

	"I imagine that might create some complications," Ken replied.

	"Yes.  To say that it's fucked up would be an understatement."  Ellen
hesitated.  "Ken, could I talk to you for a second.  In private?"

	He nodded and they moved over to a quiet corner of the room.

	"You're a Priest, right?"

	Ken blinked.  "Well, yes, I suppose.  But I'm not an ordained minister
or anything.  I couldn't marry you two and make it legal, if that's what you
were thinking."

	"We'll handle the legal thing ourselves," said Ellen.  "It's all a bunch
of bullshit anyway.  From what I recall, the Constitution doesn't say a thing
about who can marry whom.  The bullshit that our so-called leader is spouting
has more to do with paying back his political debts to a bunch of bigoted
assholes than anything else."

	Ken understood what she was talking about.  Hate speech was hate speech,
no matter who was spouting it, and he was sure Ellen had had more than her fair
share directed at her.  Certainly, those in power thought it was okay to say
nasty things about those who lived a different lifestyle than they did -- all in
the name of morality and family, of course.  He *was* sorry that his friends
were caught up in that shit, though.  Come to think of it, there was little
doubt that if what he was doing was found out, he'd be in a lot of trouble, as
well.

	"Anyway," she said, crossing her arms and looking down, "we were
wondering if maybe you would marry us.  In the Garden."

	Naturally, this was not something that Ken had given thought to.  But he
should have.  As a Priest, he had responsibilities.  He'd been concentrating on
the responsibilities he had as Lea's Avatar and forgetting that he was a Priest
as well.  On the other hand, what would happen if he, as Lea's High Priest,
married two people?  Would the fact that he was Her Avatar have repercussions
for the married couple?

	He smiled at her.  "I would be very honored, *but* before I can agree,
there's something that I have to find out about first."

	Her eyes flashed, "You're turning us down?"

	Ken put his hands on her shoulders.  "No!  No.  But there could be
complications on my end.  I want to know what they are before I agree.  I
promise you, you'll have your answer no later than tomorrow morning, most likely
before.  As I said, it would be an honor for me to do this.  Really.  Ellen, you
*know* that I'm married to Ari and Jane, and that they are married to each
other, as well.  Why would I have a problem with you and Kim getting married?"

	She let out a breath.  "You're right.  It's just been a very touchy
subject, and it hurts to know that people hate us because Kim and I love each
other."

	He pulled Ellen into a hug, all the while wishing that people would
realize that the things that they said to the 'masses' had consequences to real
live people.

	Packing the shop was coming along well.  The truck was starting to fill
up, and everyone was in high spirits.  Even Gary and Annette were feeling a
little better.  Ken walked into a back room where Knife, two of his friends, and
Gary were all laughing and talking.

	"No way you can move it," said Knife.  "I mean, you're big, but Gary
needed a forklift to get it in here."

	"It's a little bulky," replied Eric, "but I could get it."

	Knife snorted.  'It' turned out to be something of Gary's that Ken had
never seen.  A large anvil that was sitting on top of what looked to be a large
pillar of granite. 

	"C'mon, Eric!  The anvil alone weighs like three hundred pounds!"

	"I'll tell you what," smiled Gary. "I'll detach it from the base.  Will
that help?"

	"As I said, it's too bulky for me to carry them both, unless the bolts
that hold them together can hold the base too?" asked Eric.

	"Naa.  I don't think that'd be a good idea," replied Gary.

	"I bet you can't even pick up the anvil," said one of the guys.

	Naturally, no one was able to turn this challenge down.  Testosterone
flowed, as Gary -- who already knew he could lift the anvil (barely) -- unbolted
it from the base.

	Each of the guys tried it, except Gary and Ken, with Knife and Eric
going last.  No one lifted it very far, until Knife bent to pick it up.  It was
obvious that he'd be able to carry it to the truck.  He set it down and grinned
at Eric.  Eric smiled and lifted the anvil with ease.  Truthfully, no one was
really surprised that he could, Eric was huge, but the ease with which he did it
sort of unnerved them.  He casually walked it out to the truck, while everyone
stood around, laughing and joking with Knife.  Eric returned and looked at the
granite piece.  It was bulky, but he could get his arms around it.

	"Care to give this one a try?" he asked Knife.

	About that time, Annette and Sally showed up at the door.  Sally took a
long sniff and looked at Annette.  "You smell that?" she asked.

	"Oh, yeah," replied Annette.  "Testosterone."

	"Yup.  Guess we'd better get out of here," said Sally.  "Wouldn't do to
get in the way of the 'manly' men."

	"Nope.  That could be bad."

	They nodded to each other and walked off.

	"Were we just insulted?" asked Ken.

	"Beats me," replied Gary.  "So," he continued, looking back at Eric,
"you gonna look at it or move it to the truck?"

	Eric's answer was to squat down and wrap his arms around the short
pillar.  With a soft grunt, he stood, pillar in hands and glanced at Knife.

	"Should I put this down so you can try?" he asked, his voice showing no
sign of strain.

	Knife just looked at him.  "Think I'll pass."

	Eric looked at Ken.

	"What, you think I'm gonna try and lift that?  You're outta your mind,"
he said.

	Eric shrugged, and walked out to the truck.  The exclamations from the
other room were quite loud.

	Gary leaned over and whispered in Ken's ear.  "You could have lifted
that, couldn't you?"

	"Maybe.  Would have looked pretty stupid if I'd tried and failed though,
huh?"

	It was almost eight PM by the time the truck was packed with all the
large items, and many of the small ones.  Ken figured an hour or two tomorrow
would finish the job.  Sally had left with Jane and Kim to begin getting food
together for anyone that wanted it.  They'd had pizza and beer earlier, but
there had been a lot of hard work and people were hungry.

	"Anyone interested in coming back to get some food?"

	Knife and his friends begged off and headed out.  Everyone else was
about to pile into the vehicles to leave, when a car pulled up and blocked the
front end of the moving truck.

	"Shit!" exclaimed Gary.

	Ken knew this wasn't going to go well.  The car was the same one that
followed them from the shop yesterday.

	A short, Spanish-looking woman got out, slammed the door and headed
toward them, fury written all over her face.

	"That's it?" she yelled.  "You're gonna run and just let him win!?"

	Gary stood there with his arms folded and looked at the woman.  Ken
could feel her temper like a hot blaze.  Unfortunately, he also felt the pull
that told him this one could very well be part of the group, possibly even
Circle.  He decided that Gary didn't need to know that.  Looking over at
Annette, he saw that she'd felt the same thing.  Not only that, but it was clear
to him she'd *been* feeling it and was sick about it.  Ken moved out of Gita's
direct view.

	"Well?  You gonna fucking say something or you gonna have your goon over
there run me off the road again?"

	"Gitana," started Gary, "I thought I told you to stay away from us."

	"So," she said, her accent slightly coloring her words.  "You're gonna
just let him win."

	"Look around you!" shouted Gary.  "He's ruined my fucking business and
is on his way to fucking my friends over!  You're not worth it, Gita, no one
is."

	"You're not gettin' rid of me so easily," she replied.

	"The fuck I'm not.  You follow me and I'll call the police.  Keep it up
and I'll get a restraining order.  That'd make you old man look great, huh?"

	"You know that'd never happen.  He'd stop it."

	"He doesn't own everyone, Gita."  Turning to Ken he said, "Let's get out
of here."

	Gary got into the truck, and Ken went to the X5.

	"I told you I'll just follow you!  You can't run out on me!"

	"I'm not running out on you," said Gary out the window of the truck. 
"Your father is your problem, not mine.  Why don't you think about the fact that
he's fucking over the people that you like to call friends?  Maybe do something
about that before you don't have any left."

	Gary started to back the truck away, which was possible now that Ken's
car was out of the way.  The truck drove off as did the X5 and Gitana jumped
into her car and started it.  Ken smiled a little and kept driving.

    ++++++

	Once they made it back to the mansion and had everything parked, it was
obvious that there'd be no unloading today.  Not a problem, since they had the
truck for a week.  Gary looked sort of puzzled when he got out of the truck.

	"Huh," he said. "She doesn't usually give up so easily."
	
	"No doubt she didn't," said Ken dropping two small objects into Gary's
hand.
	
	"What the fuck..."

	Then Gary broke out laughing as he realized he was holding the innards
of two tire valve stems.

	"When the fuck did you do that?"

	"When you were arguing.  I figured that she'd just follow if I didn't,
and I didn't want to make another illegal turn to keep her from finding the
mansion."

	Gary laughed and clapped Ken on the back.  They headed inside for some
food.  After eating, Ken went looking for Lea, and found Her waiting for him in
the Garden.

	"Hello, my Avatar," She smiled.

	He smiled back, and for some interminable time, all he could think about
or feel were Her lips on his, and Her body, warm and soft under his hands.  When
he finally could think again, he asked Her his questions.

	"It's true that, as my Avatar, performing their ceremony could certainly
have some interesting side-effects.  That will be your choice, and mine, at the
time of their union.  But the ceremony could be nothing more than you and I
giving a blessing to their union."  She paused, then said, "I will almost always
give my blessing to those who seek it.  Through you, or any of the Circle.  That
does not guarantee that the people involved will stay together for life."

	"I see."  Well, that answered his other question about if another Priest
or Priestess could marry someone.

	"Kenneth," She said answering his thought,  "those rules are for you to
decide.  I will allow any of my Circle to give my blessing.  I would hope this
would please you."

	"What do you mean?"

	"There are many who would deny a woman the right to give a blessing."

	"That doesn't make sense," replied Ken confused.  "I mean, I have to say
that I was wondering how you would feel about it, but quite frankly, I would
have been shocked if you'd said no."

	"Then I am glad you are not shocked," She smiled and started to
disappear.

	"Wait!" he said, "what about the side-effects you mentioned?"

	"Nothing for you to worry about, love," came Her ghostly voice.

	He turned around to leave the Garden when he saw Gary coming toward him. 
Just as well, he needed to speak to him about Annette's induction.  Now was as
good a time as any.  Gary approached, but looked a little hesitant to speak.

	"What's up, Gary?" asked Ken, knowing there was something sort-of
bothering him.

	"Well," he said, "I was wondering..."  his voice trailed off.  "Annette,
actually, thought that I should mention it."

	"Mention what?  C'mon, Gary, what do you want?  My first born?  My wife? 
What?"

	Gary grinned and said, "Well, either of your wives would be nice.  But
no.  Actually, I was wondering if I could set up a forge."

	"A forge?" asked Ken.

	"Yeah.  You know, a place to do metalwork."

	"Yes, I've heard of them."  Ken thought for a moment.  "I don't see any
reason why not, as long as we can set up adequate fire protection wherever we
end up putting it.  Where did you have in mind?"

	They discussed various and sundry possibilities for a few minutes, then
Ken steered the conversation toward Annette's induction.  Gary was surprised
that he would be included, and even more surprised about some of Ken's other
questions.  He admitted, however, that what Ken was asking about was a given
anyway.

	"One other thing," said Gary, his tone very serious.  "I have a favor to
ask, and this one is very serious."

	"Okay," said Ken.

	Gary sighed and said, "Seems like I'm gonna owe you for a lot of stuff. 
But look, it's about Annette.  She told me that you and she had spoken about how
her sexual activities would fit into our life after she becomes your Priestess. 
Since you're the lead dog of this outfit, I wanted to ask if you would act as
her Master if I can't be there for some reason.  You know.  Protect her, if she
needs it, when I can't be part of what you guys are doing."

	"Gary, I'd never let anything happen to Annette if I could prevent it. 
But you're her Master, not because she needs a Master, but because she needs
you.  She loves you in a way that she could never love anyone else," he
responded.

	"Uh, yeah," said the man, sightly embarrassed, "but if anything were to
happen to me, I just wouldn't want her to be alone or anything."

	"I see.  Were you thinking that something might happen to you?" asked
Ken.
	
	"Gita's not going to give up, and her dad's got a lot of power.  If he
can, he'll have me thrown in jail or something, and then Annette will be alone,"
Gary responded.

	"Annette will not be alone, Gary, certainly not once she becomes a
Priestess.  Unless, of course, she elects to leave us.  But that's not a choice
that I can make for her.  And, as far as her doing things you can't be part of,
you are welcome to join the Circle whenever you want to."

	Gary looked at Ken for a second, then said, "Yeah, maybe.  But I think
that I'm just not ready for something like that."

	"It's your choice, my friend," said Ken.  "We'll be here when you're
ready."

	They got up and went inside, and Ken tracked down Ellen, finding her in
his small study, alone.

	"Yes," was what he said when he saw her.

	"Really?" she asked, her face splitting into a wide smile.

	"There was never really any doubt," replied Ken.  "I should add, though,
that if you'd like, there's no reason why Jane or Ari couldn't do the deed, so
to speak."

	Ellen thought for a moment, then asked, "Will we need to convert?"

	"Convert to what?" chuckled Ken.

	"We're not blind, you know.  We've seen that you're practicing your own
brand of Wicca here.  It's something that Kim and I have been interested in for
a long time.  Also, it's fairly easy to tell who is ... well, official, here,
and who is not."

	"What do you mean, official?" asked Ken.

	"Official, as in, I don't know, part of your group.  Sally, Eric, you,
Jane and Ari, of course, and I'm pretty sure that Tina, Genie and Annette are
all official... members, I guess is how you'd put it," she replied.

	This was a surprise to Ken, to say the least.  How had she correctly
named each Circle member?  He asked her.

	"I guess it wouldn't be obvious to someone who doesn't spend a lot of
time with you guys.  But there's something ... I don't know ... something about
each of you.  You ... feel different, I guess, is the way to put it.  More
secure?  At peace? I don't know.  You guys all just feel different than your
average person," she finished, obviously unsatisfied by her explanation, but
unable to qualify her answer any better than she already had.

	"I see," replied Ken.  "Well, you don't need to convert to anything. 
You are welcome to join us when we do ritual.  We will happily join you and Kim
in marriage and, if you find that you are interested in becoming more ...
official," he smiled, "we'd welcome that as well."

	Ellen gave him a huge smile, and a larger kiss.  The kiss turned
passionate very quickly. 

	"It's been a while since I've gotten to play with that very nice toy of
yours," she said, running her hand over his thick erection.

	"I'm sure that said toy would be happy to accommodate," he returned.

	"Mmmm," she sighed a moment later.  "I like the feel of that.  And as
much as I want to feel it inside me, I'd love to see it inside my slave.  Is
that okay?"

	"Gee, let me think for a moment... two beautiful women?  Yup.  No
complaints here."

	Ellen broke their embrace and stepped out into the hall.  The dining
room wasn't too far away and she yelled very loudly,"Kim!  Get in here now, you
slut!"

	Seconds later, Kim appeared at the doorway, slightly breathless.

	"Yes, Mistress?"

	"Strip and get your cunt over here," demanded Ellen.

	"Yes, Mistress," returned Kim with a happy smile.

	End Chapter 2-13




Avatar 2

Chapter 14

    	Thursday morning, Ken dropped by Davyn's shop before going off to the
studio.  Davyn had said that he'd provide Ken a loaner while the work was being
done on his car, and Ken thought nothing of it.  Until he saw the loaner, that
is.

    	"You *are* kidding, right?"

    	Davyn grinned.  "Nope."

    	"Ah huh.  So.  I'm here for you to make my car more fuel efficient, and
as a loaner, you're giving me a Hummer?" asked Ken incredulously.

    	"Yup," said Davyn.

    	Ken smelled a rat and said so.

    	"Ya got me," replied Davyn.  "This isn't just any Humvee.  I've tweaked
it just a bit.  Let me show you."

    	'Tweaked just a bit' was a big, big understatement.

    	"See, I decided I wanted something that I could implement the changes
that I've come up with on, and this seemed like a good choice," said Davyn once
they were sitting inside it.

    	Now, Ken had never been in a Humvee before, but he was quite sure that
they didn't come with heads-up displays.  Davyn began telling him about all the
electronics that had been added by him and his wife, and Ken's head started to
spin.  And that was just the beginning.

    	Davyn had just about rebuilt the vehicle from the ground up, adding more
stabilization to the chassis, changing the body design to make it look much
sleeker (and reduce drag) and managing to add more usable space to the interior. 
The engine and power train had been ripped out and replaced with something that
Davyn had created -- which, unsurprisingly, produced a hell of a lot more
horsepower than the stock engine.  As in, over 500 horses.   Davyn went on to
describe a dizzying array of additional features about the vehicle.

    	Finally, when they were back outside it, he stopped and looked at Ken. 
"Notice anything about this baby?"

    	Notice anything?  Like what?  "Davyn, I wouldn't know where to start
noticing things about this vehicle."

    	"I'll give you a hint," said the man.  "Let's say you were pulling into
the service station to fill it up.  Which side of the pump would you drive up
to?"

    	A good thought, realized Ken.  He started to look for the cover for the
fuel tank, but after a minute, he gave up.

    	"I have no idea," he said.

    	"That's because there isn't a fuel tank ... well, not for conventional
fuel anyway.  It runs off a fuel cell," smiled Davyn.

    	There followed a long explanation of what that was all about, but Ken
didn't have the background in chemical engineering that would be needed to make
sense of it.  In the end, he just looked at Davyn and asked where he was
supposed to replace the cell.  Davyn showed him the very simple procedure one
used, then showed him the extra cell he'd put in the back.

    	"Don't, whatever you do, let someone get their hands on that cell.  It
has very little in common with any type of fuel cell currently in use.  I doubt
that you'll have to replace the thing, anyway.  I've gotten over 500 miles out
of them, and that was off-roading."

    	Five hundred miles sounded like a lot of distance.  An awful lot of
distance, considering the size of the cell, but he didn't want to say anything
that would make him seem even more ignorant.  Finally, Davyn showed him the
gauge that measured the charge, and after a few last words of advice, Davyn sent
him on his way. 

	The first thing that Ken noticed was that he had to be very, very
careful driving this thing.  It was lighter than a standard H1 model, but it was
still four thousand pounds, something he was very conscious of.  However, it
actually handled better than his X5, which was nothing short of astonishing. 
Still, navigating the wide vehicle, and especially, parking it, was not a
trivial task.  The video screens that showed the rear of the vehicle certainly
helped, though.  He figured it would take him a week just to find all the little
tech toys that Davyn had installed in this monster.

    	Once he got home, Ken saw that folks were unloading the truck.  He
parked the Hummer and got out, admiring the view.  Sandy, Jane, Annette, Tina
and Arianwen were helping unload the truck.  Except for shoes, they were naked,
their skin shining with sweat from the hot sun.  He wondered where Gary and Eric
were, but they appeared from the back of the truck carrying more boxes.  Gary
saw him and set down what he was carrying.

    	"Hi, Gary," said Ken.

    	"Hey," replied the man.  "We decided to take the stuff we had in storage
in the shop and put it over the garage."

    	"Sounds like a plan," replied Ken.  "Where are you setting up the rest
of the shop?"

    	"In that storage area around back," said Gary.

    	Ken nodded.  Apparently, when the area calculations for the mansion had
been done for the real estate office, they had only added up what was considered
living space.  That did not include a rather large area in the back of the
mansion that wasn't finished.  Other parts of the country had basements, but
that wasn't a good idea in Southern California.  Instead, there was a storage
area attached to the back corner of the mansion near where the delivery area
was.  It had been one of the places that Ken considered when he and Gary talked
about where to set up the new shop.  The bottom floor would be perfect for the
woodworking shop.  Gary hadn't thought it'd be a good idea to set up a forge
right near where he was doing woodworking, and Ken agreed.  Ken planned to get a
contractor to put up a small building a short distance from the main house where
the forge could be set up.  He made mental note to speak to Joan about that.  He
smiled to himself, knowing that since she was spending a lot of time here now,
that would be quite easy.

	+++++

    	Time seemed to fly by for Ken.  There was a lot to do to get ready for
the upcoming induction of Genie and Annette, plus he found himself being quite
occupied by flying lessons and training at the studio.  Arianwen kept quiet
about him flying, but it was clear that eventually she was going to really cause
a scene.  She was convinced that he was going to die in a plane, just like her
father had, and for no other reason than to just be up in the air fucking
around.  She couldn't accept that, and Ken knew that, sooner or later, they were
going to have to have a conversation about what was going on.  He needed to be
armed with the information about what really happened to her father, but so far,
nothing had been forthcoming in that direction, so he decided to speak to Bill.

    	He wandered into the lab and saw that not only Bill, but Ari was there. 
Getting Bill's attention, he managed to get him out of the lab without
disturbing Ari.  Bill knew immediately what Ken wanted.

    	"She's on it," he smiled.  "Apparently, it's a serious challenge, but
she's really thrown herself into it."  He hesitated, then said, "It looks like
she's using it to distract herself from something..."

    	At that point, Ken cursed himself for being an idiot. He'd just assumed
that Genie had spoken to Bill about the upcoming ceremony.  While Bill had
eagerly become involved in many of the discussions involving their religion,
he'd shown no inclination to join them more formally.  Although, Ken _had_
noticed that, more and more, while the discussions were going on, Bill seemed
remarkably well-informed about Paganism and how they were adapting it to their
own needs.  However, Ken decided he'd speak to Genie before mentioning anything
to Bill about the induction.  As a result, Ken did not choose to answer Bill's
unasked question.

    	"That's excellent," said Ken.  "When she has something solid, please let
me know."
   
    	"Sure," replied Bill, somewhat disappointed that Ken hadn't noticed his
leading statement.  He wondered if he should push the issue, then decided not
to.  Genie would tell him what was going on, if he asked, but he really didn't
want to ask.  It was important that she tell him herself.

    	That evening, Ken got Genie alone to speak to her.

    	"So," he said, after kissing the woman deeply, "have you spoken to Bill
about the whole Priestess thing?"

    	"No," she said in a quiet voice.  Ken remained silent, knowing that
there was more she wanted to say.  "This is really tough," she continued.  "I
can't imagine not having Lea in my life.  But I also can't imagine not having
Bill in my life.  But he's so logical!  I mean, he'd never believe that the
Goddess is real!"

    	"Are you sure about that?" asked Ken.

    	"Pretty much.  Why, do you know something I don't?"

    	Ken considered his thoughts for a moment, then said, "Have you listened
to him during the discussions at dinner?  He knows an awful lot about the
Circle.  He knows a lot about Wicca.  And I'd be willing to bet he knows a lot
more than he isn't saying.  If you're really serious about Bill, and with your
induction so close, don't you think you should talk to him?"

    	"Yeah," she said.  "I'm just afraid that he's gonna think I'm a nut. 
It's not like I can prove that She exists, you know."

    	As far as Ken knew, Lea showed herself to very few people who were not
in the Circle, and then only when they were ready to serve Her, and he didn't
think that Bill was in that group.  Genie and Ken spoke for a little more time,
then  she went inside.  It was time to speak to Bill.

    	She found him in the computer lab, surprise, surprise.

    	"Honey," she purred in his ear, "are you real busy?"

    	Feeling himself start to get hard from the tone of her voice, Bill
turned in his chair and smiled at Genie.  "Not that busy.  You have something in
mind?"

    	She just smiled and took his hand, leading him to their bedroom.  And,
by this time, it was their bedroom.  She'd given up all pretense of staying in
another bedroom.  She'd moved her stuff in here, and, as Ken had predicted, it
was a done deal before Bill had realized what was going on.  Smart man, Ken.

    	Pulling him down on the bed, it took very little time for her to remove
his shorts and get his erection deep in her mouth.  She, of course, was already
naked.  Bill spun her so that he could get his mouth and tongue into her pussy. 
He split her lower lips with his fingers and used his tongue to scoop out her
moisture.  The taste was amazing -- he never seemed to be able to get enough of
it.  He also loved how she smelled, but was too embarrassed to tell her that.  
She shifted her hips; he knew what she wanted, and began using the point of his
tongue to push into her tight, back hole.  Her moan vibrated the length of his
cock, and he knew it wouldn't be long before she'd be swallowing his seed.  He
also knew that just once was never enough with this woman that he loved so much,
and he'd stay quite hard, even after he came.

    	He moaned into her pussy as his balls contracted, shooting his sperm
into her sucking mouth.  She moaned too, her pussy actually starting to drip her
delicious, slippery lube.  She pulled her mouth off of him and spun around to
sit on his cock with one stroke.  She felt so hot and tight, he couldn't believe
it.  After just cumming though, he wasn't afraid he'd be losing it any time
soon.

    	He was right, and she'd had quite a number of orgasms by the time he
finished pumping his sperm into her again, this time, deep into her ass.  Each
ass cheek was quite red, since he'd been spanking her quite hard.  He knew she
loved that.

    	Finally, they lay on the bed, relaxing in each other's arms.  Bill
sensed that there was something that she wanted to talk about.  He began to get
worried.  Was she going to leave him?  She seemed so serious! 

    	"Bill," she said, "there's something that we need to talk about."

    	Uh, oh.  This was it.  He knew it was too good to be true! A woman like
this being interested a geek like him?  No way.  Not with all these other guys
in the house -- all of them way better looking than him.

    	"What's wrong?" she asked, her dark eyes worried.  "I just want to talk
about some stuff.  You look upset."

    	He knew that his expression hadn't changed that much.  It was somewhat
unnerving how she was always able to read him so well.

    	"Nothing.  Well, nothing's wrong with me, I mean.  But if I did
something to upset you or something, I'm real sorry.  Just tell me what it
was..."

    	She laughed and smiled.  "Oh no!  It's nothing like that," she said
grabbing his face and kissing him deeply. 

    	Sometimes she forgot just how shy Bill could be around women.  She
clearly remembered Tina having to trick him into sleeping with her, and she knew
what Ari and Jane had done to get him into bed.  But she was so comfortable with
him that she just forgot at times that he could be very shy.  He really had very
little experience with women, and of course the mansion was filled with women
who were anything but typical!
   
    	"No," she said, her expression turning serious again.  "It's just that,
well, there's something that I should have talked to you about earlier, but I
didn't... well, I wasn't really... ready to say anything."

    	"You can tell me anything," he replied, "you know that."

    	"Well, yeah. I mean, it's all well and good to _say_ that, but this
might seem a little weird to you," she said.

    	Bill said nothing, just waiting until Genie was ready to talk.

    	"This Thursday night, there's going to be another ritual," she said.

    	Sensing that there was more to it then that, Bill replied, "And...?"

    	"Well.  I ... I'm going to be ... joining the group a little more
formally," she finished.

    	Bill was silent for a moment, then said, "Okay.  So what does that
mean?"

    	"I'm going to become a Circle Priestess."

    	The Circle.  Bill had heard it spoken of, had a good idea who was part
of it, but didn't really know what it meant and said as much.  So, Genie started
explaining.  Much of what she said, Bill already knew, just from listening.  He
knew also, that there were people in this mansion who were ... connected, was
the only word... to each other in a way that he was not.  He realized that Genie
was telling him that she was about to become one of them.  It saddened him to
think that he was going to become an outsider to the woman who he loved.  The
one who he hoped one day might marry him.  Even though he said nothing, Genie
sensed that he was upset.

    	"Bill, what's wrong?  It seems like this really upsets you."

    	"It's just that I feel a bit like an outsider here," he replied.

    	"What? I don't understand.  Have people been shutting you out or
something?"

    	"No.  Nothing like that.  But, well, it's obvious that there is a group
of people here, you called them the Circle, and it's obvious that I'm not a part
of them.  I've been kinda thinking that it's sort of like those Heinlein
extended families.  I don't know what I need to do to join, but I was hoping
that, well, there's something I've been working on that I hope will help," he
sighed.  "Hell, even that redhead is part of the Circle, and I almost never see
her."

    	Genie froze, her eyes wide as Bill looked at her in surprise.  "What
redhead?" she asked.

    	"I don't know her name," he replied with a frown, "which is pretty odd. 
But I've seen her around here.  You gotta know who I'm talking about.  I mean,
she's so beautiful you couldn't have missed her."

   	 "Lea..." breathed Genie.  "You've seen Lea."

  +++++
 
      	Ken was 'flying' in the study when Genie came to him.
     
      "He's seen Her!" she exclaimed.
     
      	Ken, not being privy to Genie's conversation with Bill, had no idea who
she was talking about.
     
      	"Who," he said hitting pause, "has seen who?"
     
      	"Bill," she responded, a bit impatiently.  "He's seen Lea, and we didn't
even know it."
     
      	"Well, that's news," replied Ken.  "Good news, I'd presume.  Does he
know what She is?"
     
      	"I doubt it," replied Genie, "I think She made him kinda forget Her or
something."

    	"Hmph.  Our Goddess is as predictable as the weather," said Ken.
   
    	"Ken please, this means so much to me.  Can Bill be there?  When I'm
inducted?" she asked.
   
    	"I certainly have no objection, and I doubt that Lea would either.  In
fact," continued Ken, feeling the Goddess purr her approval in his mind, "I know
she won't mind."
   
    	Genie's eyes glowed with happiness, and she threw her arms around Ken,
kissing him soundly, then ran out of the room.  A kiss from a Priestess,
however, was not something that one brushed off easily, and Ken certainly was
not inclined to.  So, he shut down his computer and went searching for his
wives.  After all, what was the use of having two wives, both of them your
slaves, if you couldn't relieve a little tension now and then.

	+++++

    	The chaos started the day before the Lughnasad ritual, where Genie and
Annette were going to be inducted.  Hiding something from a Priestess wasn't
easy, but Jane and the rest of the women were more than able to keep Annette in
the dark about what Gary had planned. 
   
    	Gary, Ken knew, was both very happy and very worried about what was
coming up.  He felt he was making a lot of assumptions, whereas everyone else
thought he was nuts.  He shrugged, figuring that, one way or the other, he'd be
finding out soon enough.  Sally, of course, was in her glory, since she was able
to plan out food for lots of people.  Eric and Ken just stayed out of the way
and ran errands as required.  They didn't even get a chance to see the
masterpiece that Sally was creating in the large kitchen.
   
   	The ritual was on a Thursday night, so everyone who was attending
decided to take Friday off.  Even Joan, which would have shocked Ken a month
ago.  No longer, of course.  She was all but living at the mansion, and Ken was
beginning to suspect that Bill wasn't the only one who'd seen the Goddess.
  
   	When Ken asked Lea about it, She simply smiled at him with a very
innocent look.  Ken wondered if She were taking lessons from Jane on how to look
innocent, or if it was the other way around.  He had no intention of asking.

    	Ken was surprised that, despite all the chaos that ensued, no one that
had started training with him skipped the morning sessions.  He himself had no
intention of missing his Friday class with Sensei.  The man was really pushing
him, drilling him in all his old techniques, making sure they were as perfect
and flowing as Ken could make them.  He was also teaching Ken new movements,
ones that Ken had never been shown and he absorbed the knowledge like a dry
sponge.
   
    	Ken, of course, had no idea how he looked to the other students.  Most
of them, at this point, were wondering why he bothered with the white belt he
wore.  It was obvious that he was not a white belt.  His movements were already
in a state that most knew they could only hope to approach on their best days. 
Only Nikki had said anything about it, though.  As usual, Ken had shrugged off
her suggestion that he should at least consider testing for his next belt. 
Ken's response was that he wasn't interested in that kind of test.  Only in
improving his skills.

 	 +++++
 
      	It was warm in the room, the air heavily laden with the smell of sex. 
Bill ran his fingers over Genie's skin, reveling in the feel of her body.  She
wiggled a little, sighing in pleasure and smiled at him.  It was now, he
thought, or never.  He'd prepared by making sure what he needed was in easy
reach, and so rolled over a bit to grab it.  Genie, still floating from her
orgasm, didn't really notice.  Bill ran his fingers over her face and she turned
toward him, sensing a change in his emotions.  He'd been on edge all night, but
now he was really agitated.
     
      	"Sweetie," she said, "what's wrong?"
     
      	He smiled at her, a nervous smile, and a distant part of his mind
wondered how the hell she managed to do that.  His own mother couldn't read him
like this.
     
      	"Nothing's wrong, Genie," he replied gently.  "I just... I have
something to ask you."
     
      	Genie levered herself up on the pillows.  Whatever he was going to ask
was evidently very serious.
     
      	After their talk the other day, Bill realized that Genie was, indeed,
going to become part of something that he was not included in.  He had intended
to do this anyway, just not quite yet.  But with Genie becoming part of this
Circle, becoming a Priestess, he felt he should ask her now.  Perhaps it wasn't
fair, but Bill had very little experience with things like this, and so went
with his gut.
     
    	He looked at this woman, who he loved so very much, and realized what
she was probably going to say.  They really hadn't known each other all that
long.  Hell, he didn't even have a job and... he realized that he was stalling. 
Genie was waiting, patently, for him to ...
   
    	"Will you marry me, Genie?" he asked, holding out the opened box.
   
    	Her eyes widened as she looked at the gold band with the diamond in it. 

+++++

      	The morning of the Ritual, Annette came to Ken, who was sitting in the
Garden.
     
      	"I love this place," she said as she approached.
     
      	"Me, too," said Ken.  How could he not?  This was the place where Lea
had entered the world for the first time in who knew how long.
     
      	"I have something for you, Master Ken," she said.
     
      	Ken's face broke into a huge grin.  "You're finished with them?" he
asked.
     
      	"Yes, Sir.  Sorry it took so long, but I wanted these to be really
special," she said, holding out a small, but beautifully carved box.
     
      	"Master insisted on making the box," she said.  "He claimed that there
was no way you should get these in a store-bought box."
     
      	The box was, in and of itself, a work of art.  The word 'beautiful' only
cheapened the artistry that had gone into its creation. 
     
      	It was hand-carved, of course, and when he looked at it, he realized
that somehow, looking at the box made him think of the Garden.  In fact, he was
sure that anyone who looked at the box, then at the Garden, could not fail to
connect the two.
     
       	Flowers, stonework, vines, even a faint representation of a glowing
Circle were depicted.  It wasn't like a scene showing the Garden was carved into
the box.  It was like the box was somehow part of the garden -- complete with
live plants and the sense of peace that one got from sitting in it.  Ken had
never seen anything so beautiful in his life.  Until he opened the box.
      
       	Inside were the three pentacles that he'd requested.  There were no
words to describe them.  He could tell, immediately, which one was meant for
whom.  They weren't fancy or overdone.  But their simple beauty was unmatched by
any piece of jewelry that he'd ever seen -- even the rings that Lea had given
them.
      
       	Each necklace had small stones worked into them.  Deep blue Sapphires in
Jane's.  Emeralds in the one for Arianwen.  For him, the stones looked clear,
perhaps like diamonds, but only at first glance.  Looking more closely, he
realized that they shifted color, even without looking at them from a different
angle.
      
       	"What are the stones in mine?" he asked in wonder.
      
       	Annette shrugged.  "I have no idea what they are called.  I came to my
room one day, and they were sitting on my desk.  In fact, all of them were
sitting there.  They aren't like any stones that I've ever seen before, so I'm
sure you can guess where they came from."
      
       	Ken could indeed.  Lea had supplied them.  Perhaps as a wedding gift. 
He wondered if the other stones were really sapphires and emeralds, because it
was damn sure that the stones in his pentacle were not diamonds.
      
       	"How come Gary didn't come down with you?  I mean, this box is, well,
it's as amazing as the jewelry.  I'd like to thank him."
      
       	"Sir," Annette replied, "please don't make a big deal about the box. 
He's pretty embarrassed about it.  I know for a fact that I've only seen a piece
like this once, and he quickly hid it from me.  I found it later and looked it
it and, quite frankly, it scared me half to death."
      
       	"Oh?"
      
       	"Yes, Sir.  He said he carved it when he was little.  I don't know how
young he was.  It was a wood carving of a small dragon.  Not perfect like the
box, but something you'd expect to see from a talented teen.
      
       	"Thing is, when I found it, I almost dropped it.  Even though it wasn't
perfect, I swear it looked almost alive.  I didn't keep it out for long, it
unnerved me too much.  He's done other carvings over the years, but other than
that, I've never seen him do anything even remotely as good as this."
      
       	Ken was overwhelmed.  The combination of the box and the necklace was
almost too much.  They made everything he'd ever owned -- hell, even seen --
look like cheap plastic toys.  Except for the rings from Lea that they wore. 
Those were the only thing that could compare.

      	"If you think I shouldn't make a big deal, I won't," said Ken, embracing
Annette.  "But thank you for these.  I don't think what I paid you is even a
millionth of what they're worth.  Hell, I don't think that I could pay anyone
for something this beautiful."
     
      	She smiled as she pulled from his embrace, then kissed him deeply.  "It
was our pleasure, Master," she said.  "You've done at least as much for us,
especially lately."
     
      	Knowing that offering more money would be totally inappropriate, Ken
didn't bother, just opened the box to look at the contents again.  Sighing, he
closed it after a short while.  Soon, he'd see these gracing the necks of his
wives, and he was absolutely certain that both women would love them.  In the
meantime....
     
      	"So, not to bring up a subject that is too unpleasant, but would you
care to tell me about Gitana?" he asked.
     
      	Annette looked at the ground for a moment.  "Yeah.  That's gonna be a
problem," she said. 
     
      	"Just because she has Circle potential doesn't mean that she can be
Circle, Annette," said Ken.  "I'm sure that there are many people out there that
could come to us, but only a few actually will."
     
      	"I know," said Annette.  "But right now there are so few of us, that I'd
hate to turn her away.  On the other hand, I can't see any way of getting her
past Gary, never mind the fact that her father could... hell, already has made
real trouble for us."
     
      	"She's going to find the mansion, eventually," replied Ken.  "I really
don't want the attention focused on us."
     
      	"I understand, Sir.  But she won't.  Gita comes from a very wealthy and
powerful family.  She's used to getting what she wants, and quite frankly, we
don't have any way of keeping her away from us.  She. .. well, she's in love
with me, and Gary -- well, she might not be in love with him, but she is deeply
in lust."
     
      	"We'll think of something," said Ken.  "What, I don't know, but
something."
   
       	 +++++
       
    	Thursday morning went by very quickly.  There was a hell of a lot of
stuff to get done, even though it was no surprise that the ritual was happening. 
And, of course, something occurred that no one had counted on.  Well, almost no
one.
   
    	Genie and Bill came down for breakfast -- which, for a change, included
everyone living in the mansion, plus Joan.  They both almost glowed, which could
be attributed to a night of fantastic love-making.  But Ken knew immediately
that wasn't it.  It was Jane who mentioned it first.
   
    	"Genie," she said as the other woman was reaching, with her fingers
conspicuously displayed, for some syrup, "what is that on your finger?"
   
    	"Oh, this?" she asked casually.  "It's just my engagement ring!"  She
broke out into a huge smile as she finished the sentence.
   
    	Pandemonium broke out.  Faster than he believed was possible, the women
were all clustered excitedly around Genie, with everyone talking at once. 
Squeals of excitement, laughter and kisses were shared, and Bill was completely
ignored by them.  Ken glanced at Eric, and nodded toward Bill, who had turned
beet red and was sitting there trying to eat.  Eric stood, Ken stood, and both
walked to either side of the seated man.
   
    	Eric lay a large hand on Bill's shoulder and said, "It's a little noisy
in here.  Why don't we go someplace a little more quiet."

      	Bill looked up at the huge man, wondering if this was a good or a bad
thing.  With Ken standing on the other side of him, all thoughts of bolting were
gone.
     
      	The men, including Gary, retired to the other room, where Ken smiled and
pulled Bill into a hug, slapping him on the back and congratulating him.  Gary
and Eric joined him, and Bill began to wonder if he'd survive the experience. 
At least they weren't pissed at him.
     
      	Things died down a bit, although Sally was somewhat grumpy because she
didn't have time to prepare something special for them.  Genie couldn't have
cared less, though, so kissed her and danced away.

      	Ken cornered Bill shortly after noon.
     
      	"Bill, I think we should have a little talk..."
     
   
      	End chapter 2-14




Avatar 2

Chapter 15

       	There were quite a number of people at this ritual.  Lughnasad was the
time when the bread made of the season's first grain was shared.  Sally had, of
course, made a lot of bread.  Ken doubted that it was actually made with the
season's first grain, but it was the thought that counted.
      
       	In addition to the current Circle members, Gary and Bill, Ellen, Kim and
Sandy had also shown up.  Joan happily joined in with her two lovers.  And when
Ken drew down the Goddess, everyone's breath caught as She responded.

     	It was amazing, Ken mused later, how She could do that, yet those who
presumably didn't know She was a Goddess didn't wonder how She could just
appear.  Ken was sure She did something to keep people from focusing on that,
but when he asked Her, Her response was less than helpful.
    
     	"People will see what they expect to see," She later replied.  "If they
*know* that someone cannot just appear, then they will find a way to rationalize
that appearance.  Most of the time."
    
     	After the actual ritual was over, She indicated that Ken should step to
the center of the Circle.  He was a bit surprised, although he shouldn't have
been.  As a rule, Lea did not induct new members.  Annette and Genie were called
to the middle by Ken.
    
     	"Annette," he said, "you have said that you want to join with us, to
become a Priestess of the Circle.  Is this still your wish?"
    
     	Annette started to kneel, but Ken's eyes narrowed and he shook his head. 
Somewhat at a loss, Annette looked at him, then raised her head.
    
     	"Yes, Ken.  I come to you, the High Priest, and ask to be allowed to
serve Lea."
    
     	That startled Ken.  There really were no formal words to bring someone
to the Circle.  Well, up until this point, anyway.  He suspected that Annette
had just changed that.  Well, then: 'once begun, best done' and all that.
    
     "Genie, you have said that you want to join with us, to become a Priestess
of the Circle.  Is this still your wish?"
    
     	"Yes, Ken.  I come to you, Lea's High Priest, and ask to be allowed to
serve Her."
    
     	Inside, Ken felt something.  He realized that it was the same something
he'd felt every time someone officially joined the Circle.  It reconfirmed what
he already knew: they belonged with the Circle. 
    
     	Behind Genie and Annette, the Circle had gathered.  Ken had a thought.
    
     	"Bill, Gary, please come to me," he said.
    
     	Despite the fact that both men were startled, they walked toward Ken. 
They weren't even sure they wanted to, but they did anyway.
    
     	"These two women are ready to become Priestess of the Circle.  Will you
give your blessing to this?"
    
     	Neither of them were ready for this.  Nor, in fact, was anyone else; Ken
had thought of it on the spur of the moment, but realized that it was absolutely
the correct thing to do.
    
     	Gary nodded, and said, "Of course."
    
     	Bill just nodded, at which Ken smiled and said, "Then I ask the Circle
to greet our new members."
    
     	Tears, kisses and hugs abounded.  Joan was grabbed and pulled in by Eric
and Sally, and Tina and Arianwen pulled in Kim and Ellen.
    
     	Once things had started to die down a bit, Gary looked around and
realized that this might not be the time for what he'd had planned.  Suddenly,
he found himself looking into a pair of beautiful, deep-green eyes.  It was Lea,
and he found that he was just as paralyzed now as he had been the last time he'd
seen Her.
    
     	"Now," She said, "is the perfect time."  She cocked Her head and smiled,
"Just think of how you will face the wrath of Sally, who has cooked a feast, if
you do not follow through."
    
     	To his surprise, Gary laughed out loud.  It completely broke the tension
that had been inside him.  Ken had noted the interplay between Lea and Gary and
called for everyone's attention.
    
     	"There is," he said after people had quieted down a bit, "one more thing
to do before we finish the ritual."  He looked at Gary.
    
     	Gary walked to his slave.  Since no one was clothed, keeping the box
hidden, even as small as it was, had not been easy.  As he looked at Annette,
her breath caught, and she began to kneel.
    
     	"Not this time, Love," he said catching her hand and keeping her on her
feet.
    
     	He held out the small box to her.  It was just as beautifully carved as
the one for Ken had been.  Actually, it was even more beautiful and somehow,
just the quick glance he had of it, somehow reminded him intensely of Annette. 
He couldn't say how, exactly, but just as the other box made him think of the
Garden, this one made him think of Annette.
    
      	Annette gasped when she saw the box.  She knew how rare it was for Gary
to carve something like this, and it was astonishingly beautiful.  She cradled
it in her hand, tears starting in her eyes.  Gary gently cupped her hand, then
opened the box.  Inside lay a single ring, also of carved wood.  Ironwood, as it
turned out. 
     
      "Will you be my wife?" asked Gary.    
    
     	Annette was silent for a moment, then she looked at him.  "Yes," she
replied, then put her arms around his waist and hugged him tightly, pressing her
cheek against his skin. 
    
     	Naturally fresh hugs and kisses sprang up as everyone congratulated
them.  Gary, however, shortly held his hand up and asked for quiet.
    
     	"Annette," he said as she stepped slightly away from him, "we can have a
big party and a big ceremony later, if you'd like.  But when I asked if you
would marry me, I didn't mean later.  I meant now."
    
     	Her eyes got big and she threw her arms around his neck, kissing him and
saying "yes" over and over again. 

	And so, Ken performed his first wedding ceremony.  He knew they had the
approval of the Goddess and the words of the blessing flowed from him.  Since
he'd known this was coming, he'd spent some time looking up various ceremonies,
and even Lea had had some things to add.  It was a beautiful ceremony and Gary
and Annette were very happy.
    
     +++++
    
     	Everyone was still asleep the next morning when Ken quietly headed off
to class.  Well, 'still asleep' didn't really tell the whole story since, as far
as he knew, most people had only just gotten to sleep.  He, himself, had only
dozed for about fifteen minutes before showering and heading out; as a result,
he was not feeling quite up to snuff during class.  The only ones to notice were
Nikki and Sensei, although only the former said anything about it.
    
     	"Hard night, last night?" she smirked, with the emphasis on 'hard'.
    
     	"You might say that," he grinned.
    
     	+++++   

  	It had indeed been a 'hard' night.  After Gary and Annette had pledged
to each other, there came a feast.  That was really the only word for it.  Sally
had outdone herself, and when Annette saw the wedding cake she was just awed.
    
     	"I can't possibly cut that!" she wailed happily.
    
     	"You damn well better," replied Sally.  "It's supposed to taste as good
as it looks!"
    
     	If anything, it tasted even better.  Considering that they were
celebrating not only Annette's marriage and Genie and Bill's engagement, but the
addition of two new Priestesses to the Circle, the most surprising thing about
the evening, was that it was almost midnight before the play started.  Tina got
the ball rolling, so to speak.
    
     	"So Master Gary," she said into one of the few lulls in the
conversation, "now that you're married to her, does this mean that I can't use
your slave?"
    
     	Gary looked up at her and smiled.  "You know, I was just thinking about
that," he said standing up and holding out his hand.
    
     	Everyone assumed that he was going to lead Annette upstairs for some
private time.
    
     	"Considering that she's now a Priestess, I think it would be appropriate
to put my slave through her paces," he grinned.
    
     	It was obvious a second later what he'd really been thinking about,
because in one hand, he held cuffs and a strap.  He spun Annette around and
cuffed her hands behind her, then spun her back and slid a hand between her
legs.  She gasped and pushed against his hand.  He held up his hand and it was
easy to see how wet it was.
    
     	"Looks like she's ready to start her new duties.  Of course, since I'm
married to her, I claim first rights.  But I think it would be very appropriate
to see how many orgasms my lovely wife can have," he said. 
    
     	Annette's eyes glowed with love and not a little lust, as Gary pulled
her upstairs to the play room.  Everyone followed and it wasn't long before Gary
had his wife bent over the horse, legs spread wide, with his cock deep inside
her.  She moaned her approval, then moaned more loudly as he brought the strap
down on her exposed ass.  He spent a good twenty minutes inside her, and she had
at least two climaxes during that time.  Her ass was also quite red by the time
he was finished with the strap.
    
     	Tina and Ari were right there when he finished.
    
     	"Master Gary," asked Arianwen, "may we play with Annette?"
    
     	"Be my guest," he responded pulling out.
    
     	Tina was quickly between Annette's legs sucking Gary's cum from her wet
tunnel.  Ari spread her red cheeks and slid her tongue across, then into
Annette's rosebud.  Gary walked around to the front of his wife and she eagerly
accepted his cock in her mouth.   About that time, Genie decided that she wanted
Bill so she grabbed his hand and started pulling him toward the doorway.  Other
people, inspired by Gary and Annette, and started making use of the various
surfaces and toys in the play room. 
    
     	Genie was more than a bit surprised when she pulled on Bill's hand and
felt resistance.
    
     	"You're not going to let Annette have all the fun are you?" he asked,
pointing to the woman who was now deep-throating Eric, while Tina and Ari licked
and sucked between her legs.  Her husband was liberally using the strap on her
thighs, breasts and back and it was clear she was loving every minute of it.
    
     	"I guess not," she smiled.
    
     	It wasn't long before Genie found herself in a very odd position.  She
was on her hands and knees with Ellen using a wide strap-on on her pussy. 
Genie's fiance was vigorously fucking her asshole while slapping her ass cheeks. 
Ellen was gently twisting and tugging Genie's nipples.  However, Kim, was
kneeling over her Mistress' face and while Ellen ate her slave's delicious
pussy, Genie was busy tongue fucking her asshole.
    
     	Ken was indulging in a bit of suspension play with Jane, something he
was becoming quite skilled at.  Her breasts were actually taking most of her
weight, even though there were ropes around her upper body.  Each leg was tied
to ensure her cunt was open and available.  He was using a fat single-tail to
decorate her body with heavy red welts.  Her breasts, tight and full with blood,
were excellent targets, since the whip caused especially painful stripes.  Her
pussy, so nice and open, was also an excellent target, which he made sure was
not neglected.
    
     	When he finished fucking Jane, Sally was more than happy to indulge
herself in some pussy eating, since her husband was currently occupied with
Annette.  Sandy came over, her eyes gleaming with lust, Jane had the feeling she
was really in for it.  Jane didn't know why, exactly, but she managed to bring
out something in Sandy that was very sadistic.  Gee, she thought as Sandy began
working a barely lubed fist into her ass, what a shame.
    
     	"Your wife told me you like this," said Sandy, pushing harder than was
strictly necessary. 
    
     	Jane grunted in response, the pain in her asshole complimenting the
harsh tug of her clit ring, currently between Sally's teeth.
    
     	"I can't believe how tight your hole is," continued Sandy.  "What with
Ken plowing that telephone pole of his in your back door, and the fisting Ari
says you like so much, I'd think you'd be a little more loose."
    
     	"No Mistress," panted Jane, "I'm sorry Mistress."
    
     	Sandy landed a hard slap on Jane's already welted ass.  "You will be,
slut," she said, pushing past her wrist into Jane's back tunnel. 
    
     	She managed to get just a little more in before she pulled out, then
roughly pushed in again, forcing another grunt of pain from Jane.
    
     	Ken noticed that Joan was seated in a comfortable chair, but was alone. 
She was still in her dress, but it was hiked up around her waist and she was
lightly rubbing herself through her panties.  He was about to go over there,
when Tina beat him to it.  Shrugging to himself, he turned toward Genie, who
currently had one hole that wasn't being used.
    
     	Joan had leaned back in the chair she was in, listening to, and getting
off on, the sights and sounds around her.  She was wearing only her dress and
her panties, and her bare legs were comfortably over the well positioned arms of
the chair.  She'd been holding off from cuming and was riding that edge when
something warm and wet engulfed her big toe.  Joan opened her eyes in surprise
and came.
    
     	"Hi Joan," said Tina, popping the wet toe out of her mouth.  She used
her fingers to rub Joan's insole.  "I thought maybe I could return the message
you gave me a while ago.  Perhaps with interest?"
    
     	Joan looked down at the beautiful teen.  Thoughts of how old the girl
was fled from her mind as her pussy started turning into a swamp.  Tina leaned
forward, licking and lightly biting Joan's thighs, working her way to the
growing damp spot on the silk covering Joan's pussy.
    
     	"Mmm, you smell so good," purred Tina.  "May I?"
    
     	Joan, held in thrall by her lust for the girl, nodded.  Rather than move
the silk away, Tina pulled Joan to the mat near the chair, managing to strip her
of her dress as she did so.  She began her message of the older woman, but it
was certainly not a relaxing message.  Her fingers trailed over the older
woman's body, not tickling, just arousing, and were often followed by her
tongue.  She moved around and knelt near Joan's head, her firm breasts just over
Joan's mouth.  Joan noticed that like Annette, Tina did not shave under her
arms, and under each one there was a damp patch of fine, dark gold hair.
    
     	She breathed in Tina's scent as the teen leaned forward to lick each of
her hard nipples.  Things got a little fuzzy for Joan after that.  She knew she
reached a number of orgasms, and remembered eagerly sucking Tina's pussy and
bringing the teen off.  She remembered that, at one point, Tina had fingers in
both her pussy and asshole and that had brought her to a shattering climax.  She
even remembered, or thought she remembered, Tina sitting on her face and playing
with her breasts, while someone else ate her own pussy.  The embarrassing, and
very exciting part of that memory, was that she was sure she'd peed in, or on,
who ever was eating her pussy.  Somehow, that had brought her to a huge climax
that left her seeing spots in front of her eyes.
    
     	Tina held her and stroked her as she recovered, then managed to convince
the exhausted woman that she needed to greet the two new Priestess.  Somehow,
Joan found the energy to do just that.  She vaguely remembered having, and maybe
even giving, a number of orgasms, but she was almost asleep on her feet by that
time. 
    
     	All in all, Ken thought that the evening had been stellar.  Gary had
never left Annette alone, no matter who else was with her, and Bill had done the
same with Genie.  The only way the two men had gotten to enjoy the other new
Priestess, was when they'd gotten both the women together.  By that time,
Annette's skin was covered with welts and a variety of fluids.  All the men had
had them both, and each one had dumped a load in Genie's ass.  She was a very
happy woman.  Even Ellen had fucked her, hard, in the ass with the strap on and
Genie had loved every minute of it.  Yes, it had been a very long day for Ken.

     	+++++
    
     	"Is widdle Kenny all worn out?" Nikki teased.
    
     	"Oh, I've got more than enough to handle you, little girl," he shot back
with a smile.
    
     	She slid into sultry siren mode, something that might have looked
comical since she was wearing a gea.  Somehow, though, she managed to pull off
the look very well.
    
     	"Hmmm, now that sounds like a plan.  You can take care of me any time
you'd like," she said in a husky voice.
    
     	"Oh," quipped Ken in a low voice.  "I wonder how your Master would like
that."
    
     	"If you'd share one of those hot women you always seem to have with you,
I'm sure he'd agree," she said with a wicked smile.  "I think the delicate,
little redhead is delicious."
    
     	'Delicate' was not how he'd describe Ari, but he had to admit she looked
the part.
    
     	"Yup," he responded, "she'd probably like that a lot.  Don't know how
well you'd survive, but you'd go with a smile on your face."
    
     	"Yum," she said, licking her lips.
    
     	They laughed and headed out to the mat.  The truth was that Ken would
have been more than happy to have a little play time with Nikki.  But he was a
bit nervous about involving Sensei in any of this.  Nikki, he was sure, had
serious Circle potential.  But Sensei was just as unreadable now as he had been
the day Ken met him.  Not only that, be he kept forgetting to ask Lea about the
man, which was damned odd.
    
     	+++++
    
     	When Ken returned to the house, everyone in the Circle was awake and
about.  The other folks were still sleeping.  Ken was thoroughly kissed by Genie
when he walked into the kitchen, which almost lead to her being had right on the
kitchen table.  She didn't blink an eye at his threat, despite all the activity
the night before.  Ken wondered just how far the Circle's capacity for sex was
going to go.  Jane, who was there also, was no longer sporting any of the welts
from last night.  She caught his look and batted her eyes at him.
    
     	"I wanted to provide Master with a new canvas to work with," she said.
    
     	By mid-afternoon, everyone had started drifting downstairs, some more
bleary-eyed then others.  Joan seemed to be moving very slowly, but perked up
after two cups of coffee and a huge brunch that she felt very guilty eating. 
The light massage that Tina was giving her shoulders didn't hurt her
disposition, either.
    
     	Although Tina recognized that Joan was somewhat submissive, she had also
realized last night that it would not have been a good idea to play up her own
dominant side.  Eric or Ken, perhaps even Ellen, could dom Joan, but not Tina. 
It was an interesting revelation that she wanted to think about.  Just now,
however, feeling the woman's muscles relax under her hands was a sensuous
pleasure she reveled in.
    
     	A number of people had been invited to a late afternoon barbecue.  That
was the good news.  The bad news was that everyone forgot what that meant --
specifically, that none of the women were wearing a thing.  Something that Sally
immediately realized when the bell rang and she answered the door for Eric's
parents.
    
     	"Hi," smiled Davyn, right as he noticed two things.
    
     	One:  His daughter-in-law was completely naked.
    
     	Two:  She was very, very attractive, and his cock was rapidly coming to
the same conclusion.
    
     Helen's eyes widened as she looked at her nude daughter-in-law, but even
before Sally had registered what was wrong, her quick wits sprang to the fore.
    
     	"Well," Helen said with a smile, "I hadn't realized I'd be so
overdressed."
    
     	At that point, Sally turned white and scrambled behind the door.
    
     	"Shit!" she exclaimed.  "Oh Goddess, I'm so sorry... I didn't mean, I
mean I forgot..."
    
     	Helen peeked around the door at Sally.  "Sweetie, there's nothing for
you to be ashamed of.  Really."
    
     	"Ain't that the truth," said Davyn, who was reacting to the presence of
a Priestess.
    
     	Eric, dressed only in a thin pair of running shorts, dashed around the
corner, reacting to Sally's distress.
    
     	"Mom! Dad!  Is everything alright?  Where's Sally?" he panted.
    
     	His mother smirked as Davyn pointed to the door, which Sally was still
behind.  "Behind the door.  I guess we caught her coming from the shower or
something."
    
     	Realizing what had happened, Eric was faced with several realizations. 
The first of which was that none of the other women in the house were dressed. 
The second of which was that his father had been quite affected by Sally's show. 
The last, and most surprising, was that his mother had been also.  He could
appreciate that his parents were good looking, but feeling their sexual desire
was more than a bit disconcerting.  It was only later that he realized that it
mattered not at all to him that both of them were lusting after his wife.
    
     	Ken, having sensed that something was going on, had also headed toward
the front hall.  He was fresh from the shower, but, like Eric, was wearing
shorts.  While the sight did nothing for Davyn, Helen, who had not reacted at
all to her son, more than made up for it with Ken's entrance.
    
     	Both of them noted Ken's casual attitude about Sally's nakedness when he
mentioned that it would be nice if she took care of the clothing issue.  Sally
was too flustered to understand that he wanted her to warn the other women, but
Eric wasn't and went with her for that purpose.  However, Sandy, who had not
realized that others had arrived, picked that moment to come into the entrance
hall to get to the the grand staircase, just as Sally fled and Ken invited
Eric's parents in. 
    
     	While she turned a bright red, she handled the situation with more
grace.
    
     	"Oh, I'm sorry!  I didn't realize that people were arriving already,"
she said.  Then, with a huge smile at both of Eric's parents, she quickly went
upstairs.
    
     	Ken hoped fervently that Eric had gotten the message to the rest of the
women.  As he was leading the Solbergs to the large pool -- by the long route --
he heard Helen whisper to Davyn, "If you don't take me somewhere, anywhere, in
the next ten minutes and fuck my brains out, I'm going to explode."  She was
sure that Ken hadn't heard.  In truth, he didn't know if he'd heard the comment,
or read it from her thoughts because she was projecting so strongly.  But he
didn't need words to know that Davyn would be more than happy to keep his wife
from exploding.
    
     	Several hours later, while food was being cooked and distributed, Davyn
wandered up to Ken, who was manning the grill.  Everyone who was coming was now
at the party.  Karen, Tina and Ari were playing in the pool.  For some reason
the game of keep-away contained a lot of grab-ass and eventually had Ari losing
her bottoms.  Lots of squealing going on there.  Lenny and David were deep in
conversation with Joan and Ellen.  Neither failed to notice that Kim had decided
to kneel beside Ellen.  And David had no trouble noticing the small woman's very
large and well-displayed breasts, which her bikini did almost nothing to hide. 
Lenny, of course, couldn't care less, but Ken had noticed his eyes on Eric quite
often.  Him too, actually.
    
     	"So, how's my car coming?" asked Ken.
    
     	"Pretty good," replied Davyn.  "There are a few things that I wanted to
try out.  They've been well tested, but not put on a standard car.  You think
you'd be game?"
    
     	"I guess that depends on what those 'things' were," replied Ken.
    
     	Davyn shrugged.  "If you got time tomorrow, I can show you then."
    
     	"Sounds good to me."
    
     	"So," asked Davyn, "I notice that the women here seem to be pretty
casual about what they wear."
    
     	Davyn and Helen, since they'd come early, had decided that they wanted
to go for a walk on the grounds.  Ken had nodded and told them to make
themselves comfortable, even pointing out that if they stopped at the pool house
first, they'd find chairs to sit on, or a blanket, if they wanted to sit under a
tree or something.
    
     	The 'or something' had turned out to be Helen throwing herself at Davyn
in the pool house.  They had fucked like mad, Davyn surprising himself with an
almost complete loss of control.  Helen hadn't been satisfied, her one intense
orgasm nowhere near sating her, and they had grabbed a blanket and headed out.
    
     	They had only made it past a slight hill that kept them out of sight of
the house, before Davyn had spread out the blanket and turned to see his naked
wife looking at him.  She had smiled and slunk onto the blanket as Davyn almost
broke his neck getting out of his pants, and they had coupled like people who
hadn't had sex in years.  In fact, Davyn hadn't felt like this since he was a
teenager.
    
     	Ken was able to read Davyn well enough to know the man wasn't upset.  On
the contrary, to his immense surprise, he was amazingly horny for a guy who'd
come twice in the last few hours.
    
     	Ken shrugged and said, "They don't like doing the laundry."
    
     	Davyn's eyes widened, and Ken continued, "Somehow, none of us guys
thought to complain about it."
    
     	"I bet," said Davyn dryly.
    
     	"Seriously, Davyn, I'm really sorry if you were offended.  We are kind
of casual about clothing around here, though."
    
     	"Trust me, it's no problem.  Eric is one hell of a lucky guy, that's for
sure."  Then his eyes narrowed.  "You starting one of those communes here or
something?"
    
     	"Or something," replied Ken.
    
     	"I see," said the other man.
    
     	That's when Ken started to wonder just what the hell Eric was going to
tell Davyn about Joan.  Which was about the time when Davyn's eyes fell on his
wife, Sally, Eric, Joan and Christine.  Sally stood, took Christine from Joan,
kissed Joan, then headed inside to change the baby.
    
     	It was such a natural action for her that she didn't really notice it. 
While the kiss had been too quick to involve any tongue, it was clear that it
was a lover's kiss.  Ken could feel the lust start to rise in Helen as easily as
he could feel Davyn's eyes boring into the side of his head.
    
     	"Why," drawled the man, "do I get the feeling that there's more going on
here than I thought?"
    
     	Hoping without hope to derail the man, Ken looked at him.  "I don't
suppose that you'd be able to give me some idea what you want to do to my car?"
    
     	The attempt was totally lame and completely transparent.  Ken suspected
that, even if it hadn't been, Davyn wouldn't have been distracted.  He just
looked at Ken, who could tell that while he wasn't angry, he was a bit
concerned.
    
     	"Davyn, I don't interfere in how people pursue a relationship here.  If
you want to know more about Eric and Sally's choices, you'll have to ask them."
he said.
    
     	"Yup.  I might at that," said the man.  "I'm sure whatever he has to say
will be *most* entertaining."
    
     	They talked for a few more minutes.  Ken knew that Davyn wasn't upset,
exactly.  He was starting to worry about his son and daughter-in-law, though. 
Eventually, he excused himself and went to find Eric.
    
      	David wandered over to Ken a bit later in the day.  Ken already knew
that the news wouldn't be good.  Naturally, David didn't know that.
     
      	"Hey, Ken, how's it going?" he asked.
     
      	"Good," said Ken.  "It's a nice day, there's good food, beautiful
women... what's not to like?"
     
      	"Yeah," replied the man.  Obviously, he was unhappy about something. 
"Look, we don't have to talk about it now, but I do have some information for
you on that incident with the cops."
     
      	"From the tone of your voice," said Ken, taking a drink of his iced-tea,
"I'll assume that the news is not good."
     
      	David sighed, "You're right.  Look, I don't know who they have in their
pocket, but I did find out a few things.  The first is, they really are going to
drop any mention of what happened from the records."
     
      	"Okay, that's good.  It's what Johnsten said they'd do.  What's the bad
news."
     
      	"We can't touch 'em.  Or rather, I can't and still keep my job."
     
      	"I see," said Ken.
     
      	"Look, I can't tell you how pissed-off I am about this.  But it was made
very clear to me at work that, if we pursue this, I'd have to find work
somewhere else.  Like in another city.  The fact that I'm gay is known, and
although most people don't make a thing of it, it was hinted that, considering
the political climate -- which isn't getting any better, by the way --  the firm
might find me too controversial to employ.  If that were the only thing, then
I'd say fuck it and go after them anyway.
     
      	"But it was clear that Lenny would be at risk, as well.  I don't know
who they have in their pocket, but it's someone with a lot of pull."  David
paused, and looked at Ken.  "I did a little digging after it was hinted that I
should drop the case.  I've found three other lawyers in the last eight years or
so who wanted to try similar cases.  The first two decided not to drop the case,
but not only did it never get to court, they were both disbarred.  The third
one, after finding that out, decided to drop his case.  Maybe in the future, if
I can dig some information up, I'll be able to do something, but now would not
be the time."
     
      	Ken nodded.  "I understand, David.  Don't sweat it.  Until we know who's
pulling what strings, it would be stupid to go rushing in."
     
      	David nodded in relief.  He hadn't told Ken the rest of his findings and
didn't intend to.  Of course, he had no way of knowing that Ken could easily
read the thoughts that he was projecting so strongly.
     
      	The first two lawyers had, indeed, been disbarred.  They had also
disappeared less than a month after that had happened, and they were presumed
dead.  The third lawyer had left, not only the practice, but the state, and was
now somewhere in Montana.  David didn't know what had scared them so much, but
he was determined to find out. 

		Ken decided that he would have to find a way to keep David from
nosing around.  The last thing he wanted was for his friends to get hurt because
of him.
     
      That was a problem for another day, though, and he turned his attention to
the pool and the fact that Ari, Tina and Karen had ganged up on Gary and were
trying to dunk him.  While they didn't appear to be getting anywhere, Gary was
certainly having a lot of fun.  Tina squealed in outrage as he somehow ended up
with her bikini top in his hand.  Ken hoped that Gary would understand when he
explained why they had to drop the case. 

	But that, too, was a problem for another day.
     
      End chapter 15




Avatar 2

Chapter 16

    	Eric lay in bed, feeling the two women on either side of him against his
skin.  As big as he was, they made him sleep in the middle; that way, they ended
up leaning against him rather than everyone piling toward one side of the bed
and almost falling off.  He suspected that wasn't the only reason, as neither
Joan nor Sally were shy about playing with his cock when the mood struck them. 
Didn't matter to him -- there were far worse things than having to sleep between
the two beauties. 

	He looked at Joan in the dim morning light.  Her time with the Circle
was making physical changes in her, changes that he didn't think she was even
aware of -- yet.  She looked so peaceful and relaxed as she lay there.  Her body
was soft and beautiful, but seemed to be firming up.  Certainly her physical
stamina was increasing, as she'd recovered very quickly after her time last
night with Ari and Tina.  Those two could exhaust a Priest!

       	Sally shifted and he knew she was awake.  He watched at his wife looking
at Joan.  She had a faint smile on her face and he knew that she felt more
content than she ever had.  Both of them did.  Having Joan in their lives had
made such a difference.
      
       	"I really love her," whispered Sally.
      
       	"Me, too," he whispered back. 
      
       	"Do you think Mom and Dad are gonna be able to cope?" she asked.

     	"They're gonna have to," he replied.  "There's no way I'm giving this
up," he continued, knowing that Sally felt the exact same way.  Joan truly
completed them in a way neither had ever realized was even possible.
    
     	About that time, Joan stirred and opened her eyes.  She smiled shyly
when she saw them looking at her.  Eric leaned over and kissed her gently and
her smile grew wider.  Her hand slid down his body to his large cock and stroked
it, then she cradled his balls.
    
     	"Hmmm," he murmured, "got something on your mind?"
    
     	Joan's smile grew even wider as she started shifting around.  She ended
up sideways on the bed, with her head near the middle.  She was quite wet,
having woken up from a dream where she was making love to Eric, Sally and an
astonishingly beautiful red-head by a river stream.  Eric, who had gotten off
the bed to get a better angle for his cock, slid into her body, splitting her
pussy with his large erection.  Joan sighed, then looked over at Sally, who was
smiling at both of them.  Joan slid a finger in her mouth, then rubbed her lips
with it, meeting Sally's eyes.
    
    	Sally knew exactly what she wanted, and shifted until she was kneeling
over Joan's mouth.  With an eagerness that would have embarrassed her not too
long ago, Joan slid her tongue through Sally's pussy lips.  While she had been
busy with Ari and Tina, Eric and Sally had made love late into the night, and
Sally was still sticky from Eric's cum and her own juices.  Joan cared not at
all, and in fact, was finding she loved the taste of Eric's cum mixed with
Sally's juices and the scent of her musk.  Joan eagerly began pleasuring her
other lover while Eric pushed into her over and over again, each stroke urging
her toward an orgasm. 
   
    	Sally had her back to Eric, and soon Joan was able to see his large
hands grasp and squeeze his wife's heavy breasts.  Sally moaned, and Joan added
her finger to help pleasure her.  While Eric's hands squeezed Sally's breasts,
Joan used her fingers to tightly pinch and pull on the other woman's thick
nipples.  The result, of course, was milk starting to flow from the tips as
Sally's two lovers mauled her breasts.  Joan herself didn't like her breasts
handled in such a rough way, but it drove Sally wild.  She started humping her
hips so that her clit mashed against Joan's eager tongue, building toward an
orgasm.  Joan had already had two small ones when Sally finally heaved, her body
going rigid as she rode the waves of pleasure.  Shortly thereafter, Joan felt
Eric's cock pulse and came when she felt jets of his thick cum shoot into her
body.  Sally's smell and taste overwhelmed her, adding to the pleasure of an
orgasm that left Joan laying there, panting, while her two lovers lay beside her
and stroked her back to reality.

    	"Who needs orange juice, when you can start a day like this?" asked
Joan.

    +++++

      	Ken was in his study, using the flight simulator, when Ari came in.  Her
lips tightened when she saw what he was doing and he hoped that Genie would have
something for him soon.  His younger wife was anything but rational with it came
to flying.  He paused the simulator, and spun in his chair.
     
      	Ari, forgetting her irritation, flowed into his arms, her naked body
warm and willing against him.  She smelled faintly of sexual musk and he
wondered who she'd been playing with this morning.  Most likely either her
sister or her wife.
     
      	"Before we get too carried away, Master," she said, shifting so her
pussy made a wet spot over his hardening cock, "we should get together and
discuss having a celebration for the two new couples."
     
      	"Yup.  I guess we should.  Any idea how we should celebrate?" he asked,
taking one of her nipple rings in his finger and none-too-gently tugging on it.

      	"Master, that's not fair," she said, the wet spot on his thin shorts
growing.  "How can I concentrate when you do that?"
     
      	"What, this?"  he asked, pulling her other ring and pushing his hard
cock against her sex.
     
      	"Uhh," she moaned, shivering in his grasp.
     
      	"Don't worry, I'm sure that you ladies will think up something
appropriate," he said, pulling harder on the rings and pushing his cock against
her again.  "Just as I know that, if there's something I can do to help, you'll
be sure to let me know."
     
      	"You could tie me up and fuck me," moaned the teen as she put her hands
behind her back and thrust her small breasts at her husband.
     
      	"I could at that," replied Ken, standing up after moving his arms around
Ari's small waist. 
     
      	It wasn't long before Ari found herself tightly tied on one of the
bondage tables in the play room, her legs spread wide and pulled toward her
shoulders.  Ken also added weights to her nipple rings by tying a string to each
and running it through a ring hanging over her chest.  The weights were heavy,
and her thick, pink nipples stretched her tiny breasts into little cones.  Ken
was slowly working his large cock in and out of her wet opening when Tina
appeared at the door to the playroom and wandered in.
   
    	Ken smiled at the girl, driving his cock deeper into her sister, and
Tina's eyes started to shine with lust as she walked towards them.
   
    	"I can't believe what a slut my sister has turned into," said Tina as
she ran a finger over Ari's stomach, then along her ribs and under her arm. 
"She fucked my brains out this morning until I was too exhausted to even move,
then came out here looking for more."
   
    	"You are so full of shit, little sis," panted Ari, squirming as her
sister's knowing finger's aroused her further.  "When I woke up, you were the
one with my clit between your lips, driving me wild."
   
    	"And you," returned Tina, "were the one who made sure I didn't have to
leave the bed to pee."
   
    	Ari groaned as she remembered her sister's wet pussy grinding on her
mouth and the hot, salty torrent Tina produced while Ari ate her cunt.  Tina
gave Ken a 'may I?' look, and he nodded.  Watching his wife and her sister at
play was an amazingly erotic experience.
   
    	"Hope you're still thirsty," said Tina, as she positioned her pussy over
Ari's mouth.
   
    	Ari welcomed Tina's musky sex, still wet from their earlier bout of
lovemaking, and searched out her pearl to suck on it.  Meanwhile, Tina and Ken
detached the weights so Tina could lean forward and lick both his shaft and
Ari's clit while Ken fucked Ari.  Ken kept hold of the string attached to Ari's
rings.  It was a little awkward, but he was able to pull on the string enough to
keep Ari's nipples stimulated.  She came a number of times before Ken finally
shot off deep inside her.
   
    	A short while later, they were in the shower in the master bath, Tina
and Ken carefully washing Ari.  Oddly, no matter how often he ran his fingers
through her pussy lips, it seemed he couldn't get her totally rinsed.  She was
moaning and grinding into his hand, the whole time.  Actually, into his hand and
Tina's, since Tina had worked a finger or two inside Ari's back hole.  Ari
screamed as she came.
   
    	Once they were getting dry, Tina looked admiringly at Ari's nipple
rings.
   
    	"You know," she said, flicking one with a finger, "I really like these."
   
    	"Don't get me started again, brat," smiled Ari, kissing her sister, then
licking the other girl's lips.
   
    	"Master Ken, do you think you could pierce me?" asked Tina.
   
    	"You want your nipples pierced?" asked Ken.
   
    	"No," replied Tina, "or at least, not yet.  I mean, I still have to take
gym at school and stuff.  How about my belly button?"
   
    	"Sure," replied Ken, "we can do that."
   
    	Tina looked at him and said, "Cool.  Do you think I could be tied up
while you do it?  Maybe later today or tomorrow?"
   
    	Ken laughed and nodded,  "I'm sure we can arrange something.  So, how
did everything go with Karen yesterday?"
   
    	"Oh, we had a great time," replied Tina.  "She is really insatiable. 
She ended up with Sandy last night."
   
    	Ken nodded.  He knew that, at the moment, Karen was in the same room
with Sandy.  They were both asleep, curled in each other's arms.  Something was
going on there, that was for sure.  Good, he thought.
   
    +++++
   
    	Eric, Sally knew,  was not a man to put things off.  So she had an
excellent idea where he was going when he took off after his quick shower.  She
and Joan took a more leisurely shower, bringing Christine in with them and
playing with her under the warm, cascading water.  The baby was a delight to
both of the women, laughing and giggling as her feet were tickled, and she was
goo-gooed, and gaa-gaad.  They had a grand old time, then went downstairs for
some food.  Eric was already gone. 
   
    	Joan, of course, had no idea where he was going, and would have been
pretty worried had she known.  She really liked Helen and Davyn, but had been
mortified when she and Sally had kissed in front of Helen.  Well, not mortified
at the time -- anytime she kissed Sally, nothing else on the planet seemed to
exist.  But about a half hour later, she had seen Helen watching her husband and
Sandy flirting, and remembered what had happened.  Dread had filled her, until
she remembered that Helen hadn't even batted an eye at the display.  She hadn't
even seemed to be upset at how Davyn, who, either despite or because of his best
attempts, had ended up with a lap full of bikini-clad Sandy.  Still, it had been
crystal-clear to Joan that this was no fling for her, Sally and Eric, and she
wondered just how they were going to break it to Sally and Eric's parents. 
Hell, she'd never even met Sally's mother, although she remembered Sally telling
her that her dad had passed away years ago.  She sighed, knowing that she'd have
to take her cues from her partners, at least for now.  If they waited too long,
though, she'd have to bring up her discomfort to them.
   
    +++++
   
    	Eric pulled into the driveway at the shop and got out of the van.  He
really had no idea what his parents were going to say, but they were good folks
and had never shown any sign of prejudice.  At worst, they'd just put up with
his decisions, but he hoped that they'd want to get to know Joan better.  She
was an amazing woman, that was for sure.
   
    	His dad was working on Ken's car when he walked up.  Davyn had removed
the hood of the X5 and was working on something in the engine compartment.
   
    	"Hey, Dad," said Eric.
   
    	Davyn's face, complete with a small grease mark, popped up.
   
    	"Son!" he exclaimed.  "Surprised to see you this early.  I suspect that
things went a little late last night, eh?"
   
    	Eric smiled and nodded.  His parents had left by eleven, but Eric knew
that all kinds of stuff had been going on way before then.  The sexual play
hadn't ended until this morning, in fact.
   
    	"I guess," Eric replied.  "Sally and I were in bed."
   
    	That was perfectly true.  He didn't feel the need to explain that Sally
had been tied *to* the bed, each breast tightly bound at the base and moaning
while he used a thin-headed crop to thoroughly welt each swollen orb.
   
    	The men talked for a while, small talk about this and that, Eric
answering questions about Christine and how she was doing.  Davyn continued to
work on the car.  Finally, he straightened up and started wiping his hands.
   
    	"As pleasant as this is," said Davyn with a slight smile on his face, "I
get the feeling that you didn't come here just to BS.  Somethin' on your mind?"
   
    	Eric sighed.  Having parents this smart could be a two-edged sword. 
They retired to the small lounge area with some cold soft drinks.  Eric looked
at Davyn, feeling fear.  What if his parents were freaked out by this?  Maybe he
could just avoid telling him...
   
    	"You looked pretty friendly with Joan last night," said Davyn. 
"Actually, Sally looked pretty friendly with her, too.  This about that?"
   
    	Caught, Eric gave in to the inevitable.
   
    	"Actually, it is," he said.  "Joan has become a very good friend."
   
    	Davyn snorted.  "Yup.  I guessed that.  Wish your mom and I had some
'friends' that looked like her." 
   
    	His tone made it clear what sort of friends he meant.  Eric looked at
his dad in astonishment.  Surely, his parents didn't fool around outside their
marriage!  He was suddenly hit with the realization that people often get when
they realize that their parents are real people.  Real people who have sex and
everything.
   
    	Still..."Dad, you can't expect me to believe that you and Mom... uh...
play around on each other."
   
    	"Why not?" asked Davyn with grin.  "You can't tell me that everyone in
that house who's not married -- and even some who are -- are only sleeping with
their partner.  Unless I'm totally misreading the situation?"
   
    	"No," said Eric, shaking his head, "no, you're not."
   
    	They spent the next hour talking.  While Eric left out anything that
even hinted at the supernatural, he gave a brief description of life at the
mansion, and a not-so-brief description of where he thought that he, Sally and
Joan were heading.  He even mentioned that he and Sally had left the church.
   
    	"Never had much use for those hypocrites, myself," responded Davyn. 
"You and Sally seemed happy, though, so your mom and I didn't want to say
anything."
   
    	"We haven't left religion, Dad," said Eric, "We've just chosen a
different path."
   
    	"Look, Helen and I never went in for going to a building to worship God. 
We pray, every now and then, and believe that there's a God out there.  We just
don't think much of the official interpretations.  If you've found one that
works for you, more power to you."
   
    	Davyn's comments came as a bit of a shock to Eric.  He'd always thought
that his parents were completely indifferent to the Church, and while it
appeared that he was correct, he didn't know the whole story.
   
    	"So, what sort of arrangement do you have with Joan?  Am I getting
another daughter-in-law?" asked Davyn.
   
    	"That might very well end up being the case," replied Eric before he
remembered that it wasn't legal to be married to more than one person.
   
    	Fuck that, he thought.  Ken had two wives.  And if Lea approved and
Sally and Joan wanted it, then fuck the 'rules'.  They weren't hurting anyone,
and it wasn't anyone else's business, anyway.  Still... he wondered even now how
his parents would deal with the reality.
   
    	"Well, if that's the case, then we should meet the woman.  Bring her on
by for lunch, maybe tomorrow?  If not, then during the week." suggested Davyn. 
"I'll let your mom know.  I really doubt that she'll have a problem with it."
   
    	Davyn grinned inwardly, remembering how Helen had screwed his brains out
when they'd got home last night.  And she hadn't been shy about telling him all
about her fantasy of Sally and Joan having sex, either.
   
    	"I'll have to ask Joan.  She works a lot, and I don't know her schedule
very well," replied Eric.
   
    	"No problem," said Davyn.  "She doesn't work on Sundays though, does
she?"
   
    	"Joan works constantly," replied Eric.  "She has her own real estate
company, and it's very successful.  I know there've been times when she's gone
months without a day off."
   
    	"Hrmp.  Gonna put herself in an early grave like that," said Davyn. 
"Guess you'll have to give her something to come home to so she'll work less,
eh?"
   
    	Eric smiled, a bit embarrassed by his dad's candor. 
   
    	"Yeah.  And by the way, I didn't notice you putting up much of a fight
trying to keep Sandy off your lap," he responded.
   
    	"Hey!  A little respect, here," smiled Davyn.  "I'm just an old man, far
too weak to wrestle with a fit young woman like that."
   
    	Eric snorted, looking at the thick biceps heavy with muscle, the broad
shoulders and flat stomach of his 'old man'.  Davyn could have tossed Sandy
halfway across the pool if he'd wanted to -- not that he'd ever treat a lady
like that.
   
    	"Of course, your mother thinks she's kinda cute, too," said Davyn, a
twinkle in his eyes as he stood up.

       	Eric's eyes opened in shock.  His mother thought ...  Even though he was
a Priest, he'd never scanned either of his parents.  Not only did it feel wrong,
on some level, but there was no... feeling ... like he had with other people who
might be inclined to enjoy a fantasy he could produce for them.  He ran across
women a lot -- he was in college, after all -- and he often indulged in creating
fantasies for willing ones.
      
       	"Don't look so shocked, boy.  You're not the only one who can walk on
the wild side," said Davyn.
      
       	"That," replied Eric, standing with a smile on his face, "comes under
the heading of *way* too much information."
      
       	"Suit yourself," teased Davyn.  "But Joan's pretty cute, too, so you'd
best keep an eye on her."
      
       	Davyn broke out laughing from the shocked look on Eric's face, and Eric
realized that he'd been had.  Then he looked at his dad again as they walked out
of the shop, and wondered if he should worry or not.  Davyn and his mom were
good-looking people, and even though they were older than her, they were closer
to Joan's age than he was.  But he knew inside that his Dad was teasing. 
Mostly.
      
       	"I'll give you a call when I know what's up," said Eric as he prepared
to pull out of the driveway.
      
       	"And I'll let your mom know that you've gone poly on us," replied Davyn.
      
       	Eric shook his head as he drove away.  His parents, it appeared, were
far less conservative then he would ever, in his wildest dreams, have thought.

    +++++

    	"You want me to do what?" asked Joan in a somewhat-panicked voice.

    	"It's no big deal, hon," said Eric, "really.  My parents are nice
folks."

    	Joan said nothing.  It wasn't that she was afraid, exactly.  Well, okay,
she was afraid.  But this whole poly thing was very new to her, and she had no
idea how Eric's parents were going to react.  Not only that, but what if they
didn't like her?  Even if they were okay with a lifestyle Joan had never even
*heard* of until recently, they might not like her.  And then, who knew what
Sally and Eric would do?  They had Christine to think of, after all, and...

    	"Joan," came Sally's voice, cutting into her thoughts.  Sally took the
other woman's hand and smiled.  "Sweetie, don't worry.  Really.  They're great
people, and I know they'll like you."

    	"And," added Eric, "even in the one-in-a-gazillion chance that they
don't, it makes no difference to me.  You won't be getting rid of us that
easily."

    	Joan drew in a breath and said, "That's the point.  I don't want to get
rid of you, at all."  Then she looked startled. "Wait, you mean you'd really
choose me over your parents?"

    	"Joan, if my parents don't like you, then they're not the people I know
and love," said Eric in a very serious tone.

    	Later that day, Joan was lying out by the pool, enjoying the sun and the
sounds of people playing in the water.  She knew that she shouldn't be staying
here so much.  It wasn't right, after all.  But she hated leaving her family
(she smiled as she realized how natural that thought seemed), not to mention all
the other people who made her life so very happy.  Fingers drew a path along her
skin, and she smiled thinking it was Eric. 

	It wasn't.  It was Ken.  He sat down and smiled at her, and Joan smiled
back.

    	"You thought I was Eric," he said.

    	She nodded.

    	"You know," said Ken, "having you here makes them very happy.  And not
just them.  The mansion seems a little more ... empty... when you spend the
night away."
   
    	Joan smiled and blushed.  She realized that, since she'd established her
relationship with Eric and Sally, she felt happier than ever before in her life. 
The baby was a delight; the feeling of having a family was amazing.  She also
suddenly noticed that none of the other men in the house had made a single move
to have sex with her; odd, considering that, in the past, no one had had any
issues with sleeping with her.  In fact, when she'd subbed to Ken, he'd made
sure everyone had had her.  Thinking about it more, she realized that it wasn't
only the men.  Only Tina and Ari had managed to have sex with her since she'd
all but moved into the mansion.  She wondered about that.
      
       	Her relationship was with Eric and Sally.  But they had not been
exclusive with just her, and Joan had no problem with that at all.  Nothing had
been said about who could sleep with whom, no hints, nothing.  Looking at Ken,
she felt a tingle down below.  She wondered if he'd be interested in spending
some quality time with her.
      
       	"How are things going with Eric and Sally?" asked Ken.
      
       	"Fine," said Joan with a sunny smile.  "Great, actually.  Well, until a
little while ago.  They want to do the 'meet the parents' thing."  She chuckled. 
"I'm too old to be feeling this nervous about it."
      
       	Ken smiled.  "I don't know... you don't look all that old to me.  In
fact," he said, waggling his eyebrows, "you look like just the right age to play
some games with."
      
       	When he finished his comment, he was within kissing distance of her. 
Joan's breath quickened, her body reacting to his as strongly as it had that
first day when they met.  She closed the gap and melted into his kiss.  It
wasn't long before he was between her legs, his tongue dancing in just the right
way to make her scream.
      
       	It was dinnertime before everyone was finally together again.  It was
also the first time that anyone but Tina had seen Annette and Gary since the
night before, when they'd all made such delightful use of Annette.  There was no
lack of teasing about their brief disappearance.
      
       	Sally had been sending up trays of food to set outside their door, and
the one time that Annette (while Gary was sleeping) had picked it up to take it
downstairs, Tina had appeared, kissed the woman lightly, and then taken the tray
from her hands, shooing her back into the room with a smile.  Annette had
happily gone back to curl up with her husband.
      
       	After tapping his glass with his fork and getting people's attention,
Ken smiled at everyone.
      
       	"As you know," he began, "we have a new married couple among us."
      
       	He had to stop as everyone cheered and clapped. 
      
       	"Really?" quipped Arianwen.  "You mean they've finally left the
bedroom?"
      
       	Everyone laughed, and Ken continued.  "Everyone here has chipped in for
a gift for you guys."  He handed over an envelope, which Gary opened as Annette
watched excitedly.
      
       	"You gotta be kidding!" exclaimed Gary.  "We can't accept this!"
      
       	Loud protests, hisses and boos erupted.  Gary was thoroughly drowned
out.
      
       	"You don't have to use it quite yet," said Ken.  "I have an alternate
plan in mind that we can discuss.  But not now.  Later.  In the meantime, the
point is that you'll have a place for your work to be displayed, in a store
front, should you so desire it."
      
       	Gary was holding, in his hands, a three-year, all-expense-paid (except
phone and overages) lease on a store where he could once again set up his
business.  He looked at it in shock, and Annette kissed him, her eyes looking
suspiciously bright. 

	Ken called for attention once again.
      
      	"As you all know, not long ago, I too got married.  Since it was rather
sudden, I was just a bit unprepared at the time."  
     
      	Ken was referring to the fact that Lea had bush-whacked him during a
Ritual, letting him know that Ari and Jane wanted to marry him.  Of course,
she'd also gotten the two ladies, because she'd had them marry each other at the
same time.  It had been a fabulous day.
     
      	"But Master," protested Jane, "you didn't seem at all unprepared that
night!"
     
      	More laughter, and Ken leaned over to kiss her.
     
      	"Well, to show my appreciation for my amazing luck at finding not one,
but two women to marry me, I had these prepared."
     
      	With that, he pulled out the box with the three pentacles in them and
opened it.  Since he sat at the table's head, Jane and Ari had taken seats on
either side of him and were able both able to see in the box at the same time. 
They looked at the jewelry, its beauty unmatched by anything they had ever seen,
and were speechless.  In fact, as people crowded around to look at the
pentacles, they were all left without words.
     
      	Ken took out the one for Jane and motioned Arianwen over.  Together,
they placed it on their wife, after removing her other one.  Then, he and Jane
did the same thing with Ari's.  Finally, while tears streamed down their faces,
Arianwen and Jane placed the final pentacle around their husband's neck.  They
also fell on him, showering him with kisses.
      
       	Gary and Annette looked proudly on as everyone gaped in astonishment at
the jewelry.  It quickly turned to embarrassment when Ken pointed out that the
box -- which had received no lack of admiring looks -- and the jewelry had been
made by them.  It took a while for things to settle down after that.
      
      	Later that evening, Sally came over to Ken and sat down.

    	"We need a party," she said.
   
    	Ken looked around.  Seemed like they were already having a party to him,
and he said so.
   
    	"Not a party like this one," she replied, rolling her eyes.  "One where
people keep their clothes *on*."
   
    	"Now, where's the fun in that?" Ken asked.
   
    	"You know what I mean.  Something that we can invite some of Gary and
Annette's friends to.  Also, we should have an engagement party for Genie and
Bill."
   
    	"Sounds like a plan to me," said Ken.  "Do we need two separate ones, or
just one?"
   
    	"I think we should leave that up to Annette and Genie," replied Sally.
   
    	"What about Gary and Bill?" he asked.
   
    	"Oh, please!  You really think they're going to care?  I'm sure the
girls will ask them, but I really doubt that the men will care one way or the
other."  She paused, then got a grin on her face.  "What sort of bachelor party
to you give  a man who's marrying a Circle Priestess?"
   
    	Ken blinked.  "I have no idea.  Maybe an evening playing solitaire?"
   
    	They both laughed at that one.
   
    	"You know we're going over to see Eric's parent's for brunch tomorrow,"
said Sally.
   
    	"I'd heard.  Joan is terrified," replied Ken.
   
    	"I know," nodded Sally. 
   
    	"I think," he continued, "that what she's afraid of is losing you three. 
I'm sure that she wants Eric's parents to like her, but as long as you three
don't reject her, I doubt it'll matter in the long run what they think."
   
    	Sally snorted.  "They're not gonna reject her."
   
    	Ken raised his eyebrows.  He didn't think they would either, but one
never knew.  Sally seemed to, though.
   
    	"I am a Priestess, remember?  I mean, I know that Eric doesn't see his
parents as sexual beings.  But I'm only related by marriage.  I know for a fact
that, if Davyn didn't think it would hurt his son, he'd have made a play for me
a while ago.  Helen, too.  They don't lead nearly as conventional a lifestyle as
Eric thinks they do.  While they aren't into BDSM, they both have fantasies of
double-teaming me.  Hell, I've even given them a few myself.  They are both
really sexy.  Not," she added, "that I'd ever tell my husband that!"
   
    	"Would it hurt Eric if you had sex with his dad?" asked Ken curiously.
   
    	"I don't think so, but I don't know.  Eric's not possessive, or he
wouldn't be Circle.  But this is his parents we're talking about here, so even I
haven't been able to tell.  I do know that he's never had a sexual thought about
his mom in his life."  She shrugged.  "I have no idea if that's unusual or not,
since I was never a boy.  When I was a little girl ...  and maybe not so little
a girl ... I had a major crush on my dad.  I mean, I never had any illusions of
stealing him from Mom, but well, there was something really sexy about him." 
Sally blushed and said, "I have to say, I know that I teased the hell out of him
when I was about fourteen or so.  Nothing ever came of it, which is fine, I
guess.  At the time, I didn't think that he even noticed.  When I think back
now, though..."
   
    	Joan came walking over to them about that time.  Her skin was shining
with sweat, and her eyes with lust.  It was clear, as she grabbed Sally's hair
and bent her head back, what was on her mind.  Sally moaned and returned the
kiss with interest, and the two wandered off.
   
    	About that time, Ken caught Sandy heading toward him.  Sandy and Karen,
who was in a collar and being lead on a leash that attached to a pair of nipple
clamps.  Since Karen's shoulders were pulled so far back, Ken was pretty sure
her elbows were tied together behind her.
   
    	"Hi, Ken," said Sandy brightly as she came to a stop and pushed her
charge to her knees.  "Since you were so nice about me playing with Jane, I
thought I'd return the favor.  Would you care to share this little slut with
me?"
   
    	He could feel the sexual excitement radiating off Karen in thick waves. 
She was so loving this!
   
    	"That's very kind of you, Sandy," he replied, "I do believe that I
would."
   
    	They grinned at each other, and Karen moaned.  It was going to be a long
night.
   
Note: My thanks to KB and Felinicus for their editing and proofing help.  This
would be a much poorer story without them.

    End Chapter 2-16




Avatar 2

Chapter 17

     	Joan's fingers trembled as she buttoned the last button of her blouse. 
She was trying her best not to show exactly how nervous she was, and thought she
was doing rather well.  Really, it was ridiculous!  Here she was, a grown woman,
freaking out about a meet-the-parents thing.  Oh well, time to go.
    
     	"Joan," said Eric for the hundredth time as they drove to his parent's
house,"you have nothing to worry about!"
    
     	"Eric, what makes you think I'm worried?" asked Joan in a voice that had
carried her through countless difficult business deals.
    
     	"Oh, please," said Sally.  "You can't hide it from us.  I'm sure it'll
be just fine."
    
     	Joan realized that was true.  She couldn't hide it from them.  In fact,
no matter how hard she tried, she'd found it impossible to hide anything from
these two.  It wasn't like they pried or anything, but they always, always
seemed to know her mood, even if sex wasn't involved.  It was pretty scary, when
you got right down to it.
    
     	Brunch was lovely.  And wasn't that a cliche, thought Joan to herself,
if ever there was one.  But the truth was, it looked lovely.  Davyn and Helen
were the soul of courtesy, and did everything they could think of to welcome
what was clearly soon to be their new daughter-in-law into their home and their
lives. 
    
     	The food had been excellent, and the conversation even better.  Joan
mentioned how good the food was, and Helen smiled.
    
     	"I have to confess, we had it catered.  I mean, I can cook -- although
Davyn can barely burn water -- but there's no way I could compete with Sally's
expertise in that department!  Hence, brunch, courtesy of Evan's."
    
     	Joan was impressed that they'd gone through the trouble, and said so.
    
     	"Nonsense," said Davyn.  Then, taking the opening that she'd created, he
added, "Nothing's too good for family."
    
     	Joan's hand shook a little while reaching for her orange juice, but
otherwise she thought she hid her sudden terror well.  Not well enough, though.
    
     	"Davyn, you're about as subtle as car a crash."  Helen put her hand on
Joan's, and smiled.  "Joan, don't let my husband scare you."
    
     	"No, no, it's fine, er... I mean I'm fine, really," protested Joan.
    
     	"Nonsense," said Davyn again, moving the conversation forward with all
the grace of a rampaging pachyderm.  "You're nervous, and I just thought it was
time you stopped being nervous.  Helen and I think you're a wonderful woman, and
we're looking forward to getting to know you."
    
     	Eric was holding his head in his hands, and Sally had a wry grin on her
face.
    
       	"Well, Dad," she said, "I'm so glad that your amazingly subtle
conversational skills kept this from being an uncomfortable talk."
  
     	Her grin grew wider at the 'what'd I do?' look on Davyn's face.
    
     	Not to be deterred from his path, however, Davyn started to say
something else, but Helen kicked him under the table.
    
     	"Ouch!" he said in surprise. "What the hell did you do that for?"
    
     	Everyone broke up laughing, except Davyn.  He sat there looking
surprised, but inwardly was relieved that his wife had found a way to get his
foot out of his mouth, so to speak.  Once everything calmed down, Eric spoke up.
    
     	"Look," he said, "all joking aside, this is a decision that we have
made.  We think it's right for us, and we hope to have your blessing, or at the
very least hope that you're not going to go nuts or anything."
    
     	"We're not going to go nuts," said Helen, "but Davyn and I are a little
unclear where you three are going with this.  Or do you even know?"
    
     	"We know," said Eric. 
    
     	At this point, he was unsure how to tell them about the fact that their
faith would allow them all to get married.  But that was for later.  They hadn't
even broached the subject with Joan yet.
    
     	"Davyn, Helen," said Joan, "I know that this is a pretty unusual
situation.  I don't think that we ourselves know where it will lead us, but I do
know that we're ... we're very much in love.  Not only that, but I've fallen
quite hard for your little grand daughter as well."
    
     	Davyn nodded.  "Relationships are funny things.  If this works for you,
and you handle the situation with Christine, as she gets older, without screwing
the kid up, then I'm all for it."
    
     	Helen nodded her agreement.  Then asked, "Have you thought of what will
happen if you want more children?"
    
     	"That's not an issue, for me, at least," said Joan.  "I'm too old to
have children."
    
     	Joan was unprepared for the astonished look on Davyn and Helen's faces.
    
     	"Too old?  You're kidding, right?" asked Helen.  "I mean, women are
safely having children into their forties!  You should have no trouble at all."
    
     	Now it was Joan's turn to be confused.  Had Eric lied about her age to
them?  Didn't they know how old she was?  "Helen, I'm *in* my forties.  I'm
forty-two, almost forty-three."
    
     	Now Helen was embarrassed.  This woman looked, at the oldest, to be in
her mid thirties.  She was usually such a good judge of age, but Joan looked,
well, amazing.
    
     	"I... I'm sorry Joan.  You just look so much younger..."
    
     	Joan got the sense that Helen was not flattering her.  Helen really had
thought that she was in her thirties.  Sally and Eric both realized, as they
looked at their lover, that being with them had changed Joan.  She looked
younger, glowed with a health that made her seem younger than she was.
    
     	The awkward moment was broken by Davyn.  "Well, hell," he said, "If
that's the case, you oughta be with us!  You're wasting your time with those
inexperienced youngsters."
    
     	Joan blushed, everyone laughed, and Sally and Helen jumped all over
Davyn (verbally, to his disappointment) calling him a perverted old man.  Davyn
however, knew exactly what he'd done and winked at Eric who smiled back.
    
     	Once things had died down a bit, and they found out that Joan had a very
large, and at the moment, mostly un-lived in house, Helen asked when they'd be
moving out of the mansion.
    
     	"We haven't really talked about that yet," said Eric.
    
     	They hadn't, but he knew that there was no way they'd leave the mansion. 
By this time, he was almost certain that Joan would become a Priestess and if
and when that happened, there's be no need to move.
    
     	"This is kind of new to us," said Sally, "so there are a lot of details
to work out.  The mansion has more than enough room, and Ken has no problems
with us staying there.  That was the original deal.  We would stay there, I
would manage the house, and Ken would help Eric get his Masters."
    
     	"Not only that, but Bill and I have some really cool things in the works
which, once we market them, will be pulling in enough money so that I don't feel
like I'm taking charity," added Eric.
    
     	Joan blushed, but added, "I guess I should also mention that I own my
own business, which does fairly well.  Money isn't really an issue, even if they
want to leave the mansion."
    
     	She suspected that leaving the mansion was not in the cards for any of
them, but was at a loss to say why.  As a result, she didn't say anything about
it out loud.  The rest of the brunch went very well.  Joan even loosened up
enough to tease Davyn -- just a little bit.  When they were at the door, ready
to leave, he took her hands in his and looked her in the eye.

    	"We want what makes our kids happy.  If that's you, never doubt that
we'll always welcome you into our house," he said.

    	Joan smiled, once again somewhat embarrassed.  She thanked him with a
kiss and they left.

    +++++
   
    	Genie and Bill had finally emerged from their room yesterday, and Ken
had never seen Bill happier.  Seeing them together made Ken smile.  On this
morning, the new Priestess found Ken once again flying his simulator.  He paused
when she entered.

    	"Am I interrupting?" she asked.

   	 "Nope," he replied as he spun in his chair.  "What can I do for you?"

    	By her demeanor, he could tell that something was on her mind.  She sat
down in one of the chairs and leaned forward with her elbows on her knees,
looking away for a moment.

    	"Bill came to me and mentioned that you needed to find some things out
about Arianwen's past," she said.  "Have you told her what you're doing?"

    	"No," replied Ken.  "I have reason to believe that her mother lied to
her about how her father died.  I didn't see the harm in trying to find out the
facts.  If her mother did lie and I don't think that it'll upset her, then I'll
tell her what ever information we have."

    	"Don't you think she deserves to know the truth, regardless?"

    	Ken thought for a moment.  "I suppose.  It's just that these last months
have been a real upheaval for her and Tina.  But Ari, I think, had more
illusions about her mother than Tina did.  So when her mom threw her out, it
hurt her more."

   	 "Then why go hunting at all?"

    	"Because," he replied, "I have every intention of getting my pilot's
license.  Currently, any time Ari even sees me at a simulator, she freaks out. 
She thinks her dad died showboating in a small plane.  As I said, I have reason
to believe different."

    	After a moment, Genie looked at him.  "You asked me what I wanted to do
with my life.  If I wanted to go to school or something."

    	Ken nodded. 

    	"Well, I have no desire to go back to school.  But I would like to
continue to learn."

    	"About what?"

    	"Oh, c'mon," she snorted, "Bill talked to you.  You know I'm a total
math geek."

    	"Well, yes.  But that was about all Bill told me.  He said you were
private about your skills and didn't like to talk about them."

    	"That's true," she said.  "Let me tell you a story."

    	"I've always loved math," she continued.  "I never had any problems with
it, ever.  By the time I found out that little girls weren't supposed to be good
at math, it was way too late.  Wouldn't have mattered to me anyway.  Numbers,
theorems, crypto, I love all of it.  Naturally, I decided to major in math in
college.

    	"Once I got into a good doctoral program, math was my whole life.  I
don't think I dated at all for almost four years -- not that I'd dated in high
school either.  Too much of a nerd.  But then I started working with one of the
top professors at the university on a project.  It was odd, because while he was
considered to be brilliant, I never found him so."  She laughed a bit sadly.  "I
did find out why people thought he was, though.  It's an old story.  I was young
and impressionable.  He was handsome and very smooth.  My lack of experience
with men made me an easy target.  He seduced me, and of course, little twit that
I was, I completely fell in love.

    	"We ended up working for some Washington think tank.  They gave the
University a big grant.  Based, of course, on my work.  Thing was, only Bobbie's
name was on it.  He said it was because I was such an unknown, they'd never give
us the grant if my name was listed as the primary researcher. "  She chuckled,
"I wonder if they ever found out who was really doing the work?  Anyway, the
government people weren't too bright.  They never had a clue that his assistant
was the one behind all the great work that Bobbie was doing.  I guess things
would have continued as they were, except that he never could keep his dick in
his pants.

    	"I found him with another woman, surprise, surprise.  The funny thing
was, even back then, I knew I was bisexual.  If he hadn't been such a complete
asshole, he might have even scored both of us.  As it was, I overheard them
talking.  He was laughing about how he was fucking me to get equations out of
me.  It was quite clear that he really couldn't have cared less about me.  But
without my work, the contract went nowhere.

    	"Of course, I agonized over this for days.  Then I confronted him about
it.  He tried to weasel out of it, but there was no way that was happening.  I
had him cold.  In the end, I just got disgusted and left.  It was almost a year
later that I found out that the bastard had told them I'd tried to steal his
work and sell it.  The feds had investigated, not that I knew that, but never
found anything because there was nothing to find.  However, those fuckers never
forget anything and when I tried to apply for a government job, I was denied a
clearance.  That was my first computer break in.  Since they wouldn't tell me
why, I found out on my own."

    	Ken shook his head.  He was sorrowed by how the bureaucracy was too
stupid to get its act together.  Not surprised, but he was sorrowed.  He
wondered how long it would take before the government -- hell, the entire
country -- came crashing down under the weight of the ever-growing amounts of
paperwork that covered everything.

    	"So, yeah, while I'd love to continue learning, there's no way I can get
a job doing what I'd love to do," she said.  "But Bill ... has some projects
he's working on.  And I've been helping with some of them.  We both think that
there's a lot of money to be made, and we've been talking to Joan, Ellen and Kim
about how to set up a small company.  I'm kind of jumping the gun here, because
I know that he wanted things more worked out before we told you."

    	"Why tell me at all?" asked Ken.  "I don't have anything to do with the
company."
   
    	Genie smiled and shook her head.  "You're a funny guy, sometimes.  I
think I'll let Bill explain the why's and wherefores about this stuff. 
Otherwise, he'll be annoyed with me."

    	"Okay," said Ken, wondering what they had up their sleeves.  Something
sneaky, no doubt.  "But where does that leave us with you trying to get the
Ari's info.  Are you willing to do it?"
    
    	"Oh, yeah.  Been on it for a few days.  All I've found out so far was
that her mother's full of shit.  Ari's dad was in the military -- that much I
know.  He never even owed a private plane, even though he had a pilot's license. 
But I've been unable to get the real records yet."

    	"The 'real' records?"

    	"Yup.  He's dead, or at least I'm pretty sure he is, but the files
containing the public information are BS.  I've seen them before and they're in
a database that, amusingly enough, is only for files that are a cover for
something," she grimaced.  "To tell the truth, I might not be able to find out
the real deal.  But I'll try."   

    	"Why wouldn't you be able to get the info?" asked Ken curiously.

    	"Because anything that's really secure is on computers that aren't on
the Internet.  Those computers are physically separated so that no one can hack
in.  You'd have to get physical access to one.  Plus, not even all computers
that have classified information are on the same network.  It's all
compartmentalized.  Hell, it's possible that it's not even on a computer at
all," she finished.

    	That was something to think about.  He'd hoped to be able to help Ari
get over the small plane thing with the truth about her dad.  But it appeared
that that might not be possible. 

    	"Well, don't get caught please.  With all the new anti-terrorist laws,
the last thing we need is to get caught doing something that's actually
illegal," he said.

    	"As if," she snorted.  "Unless they've changed a whole hell of a lot,
the guys running security don't know very much.  They depend on their paranoia
to keep them secure.  You should have seen some of the bullshit that I had to
put up with when I was on their project.  Hell, they inspected my calculator
just because it had a memory!" she laughed.

    	"Well," replied Ken, "couldn't you have, I don't know, put some secret
numbers or something in the memory?"

    	Now Genie really busted out laughing.  "Good Goddess, Ken.  It only had
15 digits.    I could have just written down any number that was that important,
hell, I could have easily memorized it!  Besides," she grinned as she stood up,
"it was a solar calculator.  The memory went away when you closed the lid."

    	Chuckling with mirth, she left the room.  Ken shook his head.  He hoped
that the nation's security wasn't really in the hands of people that ignorant,
but considering what was going on in Iraq, he was no longer willing to bet on
it.  It was clear that there were no "Weapons of Mass Destruction" there, even
to someone who didn't have access to all that secret information.
   
    +++++
   
    	"Payback time," said Ari as she approached her bound sister.
   
    	"Of course," smiled Tina.  "Please, feel free!"
   
    	Ken and Gary were there, since Ken was following through on Tina's
request.  She'd wanted her belly button pierced, and Ken wanted Gary there to
make sure he did it right.  If he didn't, he could always pull it out and heal
the girl, but he'd rather not screw it up.  Tina's belly button was perfect for
piercing, with just the right amount of flesh at the top.
   
    	At her request, they'd bound her tightly to one of the angled chairs. 
Her legs were pulled high and wide, arms stretched over her head.  Ari had
decided that she wanted to watch and 'help'.  Help which had consisted of
tweaking her sister's nipples, rubbing her prominent clit and finger-fucking her
pussy and ass.  Basically, driving Tina crazy, since Ken was not allowing her to
cum.
   
    	"I have no money to pay you with," said Tina to Ken and Gary, writhing
sensuously in her bonds.  "Is there anything else that you'd take in trade?"
   
    	That little comment ended with Tina being plugged in her mouth and pussy
by two hard cocks, which pounded her pretty hard.  She groaned, but managed --
barely -- to keep from cumming.  She didn't have permission.  The men had no
such restriction and happily pumped her full.  Once Gary was finished with her
mouth, Ari took her place and, with permission from Ken, rode her sister to
orgasm.  Then, she leaned down and whispered in Tina's ear.
   
    	"Remember this morning?" asked Ari.
   
    	Tina nodded, her eyes glowing.
   
    	"You game?"
   
    	"Yes," said Tina in a husky voice. 
   
    Ari repositioned her hips over Tina's face and slowly emptied her bladder. 
Tina, while not as into the activity as Ari, still felt her arousal skyrocket. 
Arianwen wasn't dominant enough to twig Tina's submissive instincts, but with
Ken and Gary there, she could pretend that they had ordered her to do this.  And
that did get her off, in a big way. 
   
    	And so, with a belly fully of her sister's warm pee, and while Ari
slowly licked Ken's cum out of her pussy, teasing her mercilessly, Ken applied
the clamp and pierced Tina's belly button.
   
    	The pain shot through her, more when he pushed the bar through then when
the needle had pierced her skin.   Ken had told her she was allowed one orgasm,
and Tina had it when he slid the bar into the newly-made hole.  She might have
held out, but Ari used her teeth, none-too-gently, on Tina's throbbing clit at
just the right moment, and Tina came hard enough to see spots.
   
    +++++
   
    	The household had a late dinner outside by the pool that evening.  It
was absolutely beautiful out, and no one really wanted to stay inside.  The
discussion was lively and the company wonderful.  Aside from the current
inhabitants, David, Lenny, Ellen and Kim had joined them for dinner.  Well,
Ellen and Kim hadn't actually left in several days.  Even Sandy was still there,
although Karen had had to leave earlier in the day -- much to Sandy's
disappointment.
   
    	Ken looked over the people as he relaxed on the lounge.  Then he frowned
and focused his attention more sharply.  Each person had a slight glow around
them.  Something like what he would have thought an aura would be.  Each of the
Priestesses, and his only Priest, had a very bright glow, with Tina, Arianwen
and Jane's being very bright.  Everyone else, those who Ken thought of as
Adherents, had a much dimmer glow, also brighter or dimmer depending on how long
and how closely they'd associated with the Circle.  Yet another thing that he'd
have to ask Lea about.
   
    It took a few minutes, but he found that he could shut off his awareness of
the glow and turn it back on.  Useful, since seeing glowing people unnerved him
just a bit.
   
    	Eventually, everyone who didn't live at the mansion left -- with the
exception of Sandy, who was staying with Tina tonight.
   
    	"So, you like Karen, eh?" asked Tina with a smile as she slowly spread
oil over Sandy's back.
   
    	"Yeah, she's pretty hot," replied the woman.
   
    	If someone had told Sandy a year ago that she'd be playing Mistress to a
sixteen-year-old, then anticipating sex with a fifteen-year-old a day later,
she'd have told them to take a hike.  However, that was exactly what had
happened. 
   
    	Jane, for some reason, had brought out something in Sandy that she
hadn't known existed: the desire to hurt someone for their own pleasure.  Sandy
liked her sex rough, always had.  A vigorous fucking, with a nice firm grip on
her tits and nipples, was great.  So was being held down and thoroughly pounded
by a nice, thick cock.  But the things she'd done to Jane?  No way.  She was
actually ashamed at how she'd gotten off on hurting the other woman, despite the
fact that Jane had loved every second of it. 
   
    	Come to think of it, considering the sort of play that Jane got off on,
it was amazing that there wasn't a single mark on her anywhere.  Of course,
considering how fast she healed, perhaps it wasn't too surprising.  Sandy
squirmed as Tina's strong fingers dug into her muscles, and she felt her pussy
getting wet from remembering what she'd done to Jane.
   
    	Then there was Karen.  Sandy hadn't been anywhere near as hard on Karen
as she was on Jane, since Karen was only sixteen.  But what an amazing ability
to cum she had!  Karen had experienced clamps, wide butt plugs, flogging, a
crop, a cane, even intense suction on her nipples and came from all of it.  Even
Ken, who had supervised a lot of their play, had been surprised.
   
    	Thing was, when Karen was eating Sandy's pussy, Sandy had cum so hard
that she'd almost passed out.  Just the image of the teen -- whose elbows had
been strapped together and legs tied wide apart, below her -- made Sandy squirm
with renewed arousal.  Karen had cum too, with Sandy lightly but relentlessly
tapping the crop on her defenseless clit while pulling on the chain attached to
Karen's nipple clamps and riding the girl's face.
   
    	That eager tongue had repeatedly speared Sandy's sloppy cunt, pushed
pass her anal ring, and lips and teeth had teased her clit to amazing orgasms.
   
    	Sandy realized that she'd had a lot of amazing orgasms since meeting
these people.  They were all exceptional lovers.  And that kiss she shared with
the woman who'd led the ritual?  Absolutely shattering.  Sandy wondered where
she lived.  Even though she had the impression the beautiful redhead lived in
the mansion, she didn't see her very often.  She'd have to make a point of
asking Ken about....
   
    	"Uh, ohhh, damn, that feels good," said Sandy, her train of thought
completely derailed by Tina's double assault on her ass and cunt.
   
    	"You're soaked," giggled Tina.  "Thinking of something special?"
   
    	"Mmmm, not thinking of much of anything, at the moment," groaned Sandy.
   
    	How, at fifteen, had this girl learned so much about giving pleasure? 
Everything about Tina was a turn-on.  Her firm, tanned body.  Her loving touch. 
And especially how she smelled and tasted.  Sandy, her eyes glowing with
pleasure, pulled away from the teen and flipped her over, kissing her hard. 
Tina's response fired her lust even more.  It was eager, yet somehow very
submissive. 
   
    	"Would Mistress care to use a slave for the evening?  I mean, since your
other one is away for the night," smiled Tina.
   
    	"Oh, so you're a slave girl, eh?" asked Sandy, taking both of Tina's
nipples and twisting them hard.
   
    	"I am right now," groaned Tina as her own arousal grew.
   
    	She submissively put her arms over her head, wrists crossed, and opened
her legs wide.  Sandy felt herself literally start to drip.  The small, dark
patch of hair under each arm was so very erotic.  And since it was warm in the
room, Tina's skin was damp with sweat.  Sandy loved the taste of sweat, and
began licking the girl's body, the scent and taste driving her mad with desire. 
   
    	After Sandy had, rather thoroughly, used her tongue to bathe the teen,
Tina was wriggling like a puppy.
   
    	"Squirmy, aren't we?" asked Sandy, grinning.
   
    	"You could do something about that," replied Tina.  "There are a few
things in that drawer there that might help."
   
    	There were indeed, and Tina was soon firmly affixed to her bed, spread
wide and available for Sandy's use.  Tina's wrists were attached to the heavy
headboard as was each ankle, although her ankles were spread very wide.  Then,
Sandy took some of the oh-so-handy rope and used it to tightly constrict Tina's
belly, then ran a strand of it down to the other end of the bed, thus keeping
the teen in place.
   
    	"Mmmm, you're getting really good at this," said Tina, her helplessness
making her pussy ooze thick cream.  "There's a flogger that you might also like
in the bottom drawer, along with something else that I really like."
   
    	"Oh?" asked Sandy, literally trembling with lust.
   
    	When she opened that drawer, there was indeed a short flogger, just
perfect for the moment.   Sandy took some time to carefully use it, reddening
Tina's skin from her neck down.  Nothing was spared.  Her breasts, underarms,
the back of her knees, thighs, feet and, especially, the wet junction between
her legs, were well whipped by the time Sandy figured out what the other toy was
that Tina was looking forward to.
   
    	"This?" asked Sandy, incredulously.  "You've got to be kidding!"
   
    	"Please don't tease me like this, Mistress," panted Tina in a husky
voice.  Sandy noted the girl was displaying some of the same outward symptoms
that Jane did when someone was playing rough with her.  "Use it.  I know it'll
hurt.  It always does, but Goddess does it make me cum!  Please, Mistress?"
   
    	Somewhere in the back of her mind, Sandy knew that she should maybe not
do this.  However, the little voice that she was able to listen to while playing
with Karen was completely drowned out by the desire created by the Priestess. 
Sandy fitted one end of the strap-on into her own pussy.  It fit very nicely,
and once adjusted, it was obvious that it was going to rub her clit in a
delicious manner.  It was the other end of this club that Sandy had worried
about.
   
    	It was huge!  Longer than Master Ken and at least as thick, if not
thicker.  Sandy couldn't know it, but from Tina's induction as a Priestess,
she'd developed a real fondness for very large cocks.  As a Priestess, her body
would accommodate this desire easily, if not entirely comfortably.   But Tina
liked an edge to her sex, and was discovering that a bit of pain really added to
the experience.  Not that she was in Jane's class, or ever wanted to be, but she
was growing to really love the dual sensations.
   
    	Sandy gently nudged the thick rubber against Tina's small, drooling
opening.  By the slight movement of her hips (all that she could comfortably
do), the teen signaled her eagerness.  Finally, Sandy pushed the head inside,
her own desire soaring as it stretched the small, delicate lips.
   
    	"Ohhh," moaned Tina.  "Goddess, that's good!  Hard, hard!  Push it in,
please!"
   
    	Sandy complied, sinking the huge dildo in Tina's body.  The girl
screamed as she came, then continued to beg for more as Sandy drove them both to
orgasm after orgasm, until she was just too tired to continue.  Finally, she
removed the instrument with a wet slurp, and set about removing Tina's bonds. 
The girl, once she was free, removed the strap-on from Sandy's tunnel, lovingly
licking the other woman's cum from it, then moving her mouth to gently suck and
soothe the wet, swollen skin.  Finally, they slept, damp bodies curled in each
other's arms.
   
      	Tina awoke, staring in the darkness.  Sandy had rolled away and was
curled up on the other side of the bed.  Someone else was in the room.
     
      	As she realized this, she also saw that it was Lea, who was smiling and
holding her a finger to her lips.  Once again, Tina found herself bound, this
time to a rough wooden plank, the Goddess, naked, standing over her.
     
      	"Hello, Tina," She said, Her eyes smoky with lust.
     
      	Tina was lost, she could barely think, never mind respond.  Lea ran her
nails over the body of the helpless girl.  It was a delicious mixture of pain
and pleasure, especially when said nails ran over her naked lower lips.
     
      	"Mmm, I like this fashion," the Goddess purred, putting one finger on
the end of Tina's new piercing. 
     
      	Now fire really did arc through her body.   Pain, pleasure, the most
intense she'd ever felt, flooding her senses.  She knew she was screaming,
cumming so hard she couldn't understand why she wasn't unconscious.  She knew if
she could speak, she'd beg for more.  Tina couldn't believe her body could
receive sensations like this.  Her Goddess had reached into Tina's deepest
fantasies and was creating the sensations from them.
     
      	Finally, She stood over Tina's face and lowered Her own velvety pussy
over the teen's panting mouth.  The taste of Her body, the scent, overwhelmed
Tina, and she became a thing of pure sensation.
     
      	When she finally came back to herself, all she had was the memory of the
most intense pleasure she'd ever experienced.  The reality couldn't be
remembered accurately -- not even by a Priestess.  But the memory of being held
in Her strong arms, breathing Her scent, and feeling Her love could.  Tina
slipped into a deep sleep.
     
      End chapter 2-17




Avatar 2

Chapter 18

   	One would think that one would get used to having naked women around all
the time, mused Ken as he watched his wife's sleek form moving across the
kitchen.  One would be wrong.
  
   	Jane was just stunning to watch move.  Like a big, lazy cat, very sleek
and sexy.  Her large breasts had just enough sway, and her clit piercing
occasionally glinted between her thighs.  Yup, his cock could attest to how
attractive she was.
  
   	She was also a terror on the practice floor.  Actually, all of the
Circle were.  It was like they drank in every move that Ken showed them, and
were able to mimic it almost effortlessly.  Of course, just being able to copy a
martial arts technique didn't mean much.  You needed to be able to use them, as
well, and Ken's infrequent, quickly-healing bruises would attest to the fact
that they were becoming quite adept at using what he was teaching them.  Still,
he occasionally worried.  They only had sparred with other Circle people, aside
from Gary, and it was a little different.  For one thing, there was less worry
about actually hurting someone, even Gary, because they could heal him quickly
-- as had happened when Annette broke Gary's nose with a mistimed blow.  Almost
before he had registered the pain, Annette had been right there, her power
flowing into her husband, stopping the blood and knitting the bone.  She hadn't
been able to heal all of it, but Ken had provided the extra energy needed to
heal the bone.
  
   	Still, sparring and using this stuff for real were very different, and
while he hoped that it would never happen, he had to acknowledge that, at some
point, one of them might have to defend themself.  Soon, he knew, he'd have to
find them another teacher.  Not because he couldn't teach them the moves, but
because he wasn't sure he was giving them the correct attitude to go along with
the techniques.  Sensei, he knew, would be able to do that.  He wondered what
the man would charge (assuming he'd even do it at all) to teach them once a
week.  At least Sensei had hinted that Arianwen could come to him for training,
which was something.  However, Ken knew he wasn't an instructor, and Sensei
would have every right to toss his ass on the street once he found out what Ken
was doing.
  
   	Well, it hadn't been that long... perhaps if he got Sensei in there
sooner rather than later, whatever screw-ups he'd shown them could be corrected. 
In fact, now that he thought about it, rather than putting this off, he'd better
confront his own teacher, ASAP.
  
   	Arianwen and Genie came downstairs, Ari heading immediately to the
coffee pot.  Unlike Jane, Ari was used to getting up early, but the teen loved
her coffee.  Ken watched his diminutive wife kiss her wife, then come over to
him and give him a sweet kiss.  As she sipped her coffee, she insisted on a
place in his lap and snuggled close.
  
   	"Morning, love," he said.
  
   	"Mmm," she purred. 
  
   	Ken was unsure whether she was purring about the coffee or him, but
didn't really care.  She purred again as he gently massaged her shoulders.  Ah,
another beautiful morning at the Mansion.
  
   +++++
  
   	"Master," said Jane, "will we be doing anything for the full moon?"
  
   	"Don't know," he replied.  "I mean, we just had a very large ritual."
  
   	"True," she replied, "but it's nice to celebrate the full moon, even if
we only get together for a short while."

    	"I don't have any objections to it," said Ken.  "Did you want just
Circle, or did you have others in mind?"
   
    	"Actually," she said, "I was thinking of seeing if maybe we could get
Bill interested."
   
    	Bill had attended the last ritual, but Ken thought that it had been
because his wife-to-be had convinced him to do it.  On the other hand, Lea's
ritual kiss was enough to peg anyone's meter, and perhaps Bill would be
interested in trying again.
   
    	"Should we ask Genie?" asked Ken.
   
    	"Might not be a bad idea," replied Jane.
   
    +++++
   
    	"I think he'd love to be included," smiled Genie when Ken brought it up
to her later.  "He's feeling ... a little left out."
   
    	"Oh?" asked Ken.
   
    	"Yup.  I mean, he's not blind, and he does live here.  He has a very
good feel for who's Circle and who's not.  I know he wants to be with us, but I
think that he doesn't have any idea how to go about it,"  she replied.
   
    	"Shit," said Ken.  "We've been excluding him, haven't we?"
   
    	"Not on purpose," said Genie.  "But he's living with us, after all, and
we're all so tied to each other that I know he feels excluded."
   
    	Ken nodded in agreement.  Ellen had said as much to him not long ago,
minus the exclusion part.  But then, she and Kim didn't live at the mansion,
either.
   
    	"Also, he thinks that this is sort of a Heinleinean group.  In those
groups, in addition to being brought in because of who you were with and how
others felt about you, often people had other things to contribute. "
   
    	"Like?" prompted Ken.
   
    	"Money, for one.  I mean, not really in the Heinlein stories, but in
real-life group marriages -- and I know he's been researching this -- people
often add their money to the group they're joining.  I know that he's worried
about that, which is why he's spent so much time with Joan and Lenny.  I think
that he hopes that, with something to offer other than his relationship with me,
he'll be accepted."
   
    	Ken was a little disturbed.  Inclusion into the Circle had nothing to do
with how much money you had.  However, Ken could see how someone could come to
that conclusion.  This would have to be dealt with.  No one could buy their way
into the Circle, and Bill didn't have to.  The man was close to being Circle,
but yet so far away.  Why was that, Ken wondered?  Was it his devotion to logic? 
What did he really think of the rituals?  If he thought they were a bunch of
bullshit, then why would he be interested in coming to another one, as Genie
said he was?  This was something he really needed to find out.
   
    	He found Bill lounging by the pool.  Well, Bill's version of lounging,
anyway.  That meant that the laptop was right nearby, and Bill was typing away. 
When Ken saw what was on the screen, all it looked like was lines of text. 
Until he looked a little closer, that is.  Then he noticed that the text looked
like something out of the Matrix movie.  However, he knew if he got Bill started
on a technical conversation, he might not get to the heart of what he wanted to
talk about. 

    	"How's it going?" asked Ken as he sat down.

    	"Good, good," replied Bill in a distracted tone of voice.

    	Ken sighed.  Sometimes he wondered how this guy could keep the interest
of a Priestess.  They didn't, after all, come equipped with keyboards.

    	"We're having another ritual on he eleventh," ventured Ken.  "You
interested?"

    	The typing stopped, and Bill peered at Ken.

    	"What do you mean by 'interested?'"

    	Ken chuckled.  "As in, would you like to attend it?"

    	Bill sat back and looked at Ken.  "Do you have any idea just how smart
Tina is?  Or Genie?"

    	Ken blinked at the non sequitur.

    	"I know that they are both very bright."

    	"Hmm.  Did you know that they are both convinced that they are
worshiping a real Goddess?  As in one you can see and touch?" asked Bill.

    	"Yes."

    	"Do you believe this Goddess exists?"

    	"Yes, I do," replied Ken.

    	Bill nodded.  "So does everyone else in the Circle."  He chuckled at
Ken's look.  "I'm not deaf, you know, and I do realize that you've got a Wiccan
variant going on here.  I've know a fair number of people who were Wiccan,
although I'd have to class most of the ones I've met as 'crystal worshiping
fluff bunnies'.  No one here falls into that category."

    	"What category do you fall into?" asked Ken.

    	"Well," said Bill, "I have a real hard time believing that any being
that created the whole universe would want us to worship it."

    	Ken remained silent, since it was obvious that Bill had more to say.

    	"On the other hand, that doesn't mean that there aren't other forms of
life that are, or have aspects of, a God or Goddess.  Perhaps created *by* life
rather than creating it," continued Bill.  "Or perhaps having a symbiotic
relationship with their worshipers, each part receiving something from the
other, making a more complete whole."

    	Ken swallowed.  It sounded to him like Bill had just defined the nature
of the Circle.  Here he had come to Bill to get his feelings on ritual and the
Circle, and Bill had just given Ken a whole new way of looking at things. 
Surely, it couldn't be as simple as what Bill described, could it?  Oddly, he
could sense Lea's mirth in the back of his mind. 

	Nope, nothing that simple could possibly involve Lea.

    	"So tell me," said Ken, "how have you felt since moving in here?"

    	Now it was Bill's turn to blink as he tried to follow where Ken was
going.

    	"I don't understand," said Bill.

    	"Do a little research.  See if you can find out how often a man can cum
in a day.  An average guy, mind you, not the inflated BS that people like to
spout.  Ask Arianwen; she's into bio and could point you to some interesting
sites, I'm sure," grinned Ken.  "Also, think about the last time you biked. 
Were you out of breath?  How hard did you push yourself when you rode and how
did you feel when you finished?"

    	Ken leaned a little closer and said, "How much sleep have you been
getting now-a-days, Bill, versus how much time you spend doing research for
whatever it is you're working on so hard?  Think about all of that.  Then, let
me know if you'd like to come to the ritual."

    	Bill looked up at Ken as he stood, saying nothing.  Ken could see that
he'd given the man something to think about.

     +++++
    
     	As usual, class was fun.  As usual, Chad was an asshole.  Ken had no
idea why the guy didn't like him, but it was clear by now, even to Sensei, that
Chad was simply not able to overcome whatever his problem was.
    
     	Ken didn't let that stop him from learning in the classes.  Regaining
old skills was important to him, and his years of training had returned very
quickly.  Sensei was, if anything, an even better instructor than his old
mentor, and while he didn't show favoritism during the normal classes, Sensei
did tend to spend a lot of time with Ken during the advanced class on Friday. 
Since Ken was the only white-belt in the advanced class, people did look at him
kind of funny.  Wearing a white belt in that class really made him stand out. 
Ken knew that he would not don another belt without Sensei's approval, and
Sensei had said nothing to him about testing for his next level. 
    
     	He did think it was a little odd that Sensei had not asked him to test
on anything yet.  The man had run him through, in one way or another, every
technique up to and including black-belt level, some of them very advanced,
indeed.  Ken never had a problem with them, but knew, deep down, that he was not
able to emulate Sensei's control of his Chi.  Maybe that was why Sensei was not
testing him.  That was fine with Ken; he was there to learn, not buy a belt.
    
     	The first time Ken had fought Sensei had been after he'd defeated every
other student in the Friday class, even at four at a time.  He'd been in the
zone that day.  But Sensei had used his own Chi to disrupt Ken's movements and
had easily defeated him.  It was a lesson that Ken had taken to heart.  At least
lately, Ken found that he could sort of feel what the other man had done, if not
emulate it.  Sparring with the other students, he won some and lost some, but
when he lost, it was usually because he stopped relying on his physical
abilities, which were considerable, and tried to feel the flow of the fight the
way Sensei had.  Sometimes it worked, but far more often it did not.  The only
person he didn't do that with was Chad, since if he wasn't watching every
second, he knew the asshole would 'accidentally' throw a punch and damage
something.  While that wasn't a real problem and he could heal a lot of damage
quickly, he just didn't see the need to let Chad get the upper hand.  He
wondered if the man noticed that he was the only person Ken never lost to.
    
     	After class, Ken decided to try and approach Sensei.  Arianwen had shown
up, which was rare now since his wives were sure he was over his problems with
being back in the arts.  She walked up just after Ken had gotten Sensei's
attention.
    
     	"Hi, Ari," said Ken, leaning down to give her a kiss.
    
     	She returned it with interest, despite Ken's somewhat feeble attempt, to
keep it rather chaste.
    
     	She gave Sensei a huge smile, and he took her hand, lightly kissing the
back.
    
     	"And how," he asked Ken while looking at Ari, "is your student doing?"
    
     	Ken was so startled that he said nothing.
    
     	"Even at this stage, it shows in her walk," smiled the man.
    
     	Ari, of course, had no idea what the hell Sensei meant, and so she
quipped, "Why Sensei Turcotte, why would you be watching me walk?"
    
     	"Because it is a great pleasure," replied the man.
    
     	Arianwen actually blushed.
    
     	"So, Ken, you had a question?"
    
     	"Yes.  Actually, Ari dear, could you excuse us for a few?" asked Ken.
    
     	"Sure.  I just was on my way somewhere else and wanted to stop by to say
hi," said Ari.
    
     	She kissed Ken again, lightly this time, then to both men's surprise,
bowed to Sensei and left.  Ken's eyes narrowed.  Perhaps the Minx had followed
more of that exchange than he'd thought.
    
      	"Shall we speak somewhere more private?" asked Sensei.
     
      	Ken nodded, and they were soon upstairs in the man's apartment, drinking
cold tea.
     
      	"How many others have you been training?" asked Sensei in a neutral
voice.
     
      	Ken sighed.  He couldn't tell if the other man was angry because he
couldn't get a read on him. 
     
      	"Four others," he said.  "It just sort of happened, actually.  I work
out every day, and my wife decided to start doing the warm ups with me.  One
thing led to another, and I ended up with five of them learning from me."
     
      	"It is difficult to stop one's wife at times, isn't it?" chuckled
Sensei.  "I take it your wife knows about Arianwen?"
     
      	That confused Ken.  "What do you mean?"
     
      	Sensei frowned.  "Perhaps I misunderstood your relationship with the
girl?"
     
      	That meaning was clear.  Sensei was wondering if Ken's wife Jane knew he
was fucking Arianwen.
     
      	"Ah,"  said Ken.  "That.  It's... complicated, but there is nothing
going on that Jane doesn't know about.  Arianwen lives with us."
     
      	Now it was Sensei's turn to blink.  Damn, thought Ken, I wish I could
get *some* kind of read on this guy!
     
      	"So," said the man after a moment, "you have five students you wish to
bring to my dojo."
     
      	"Not exactly, although if that is what you would be comfortable with,
then I understand," replied Ken.  "No, what I was wondering is if you would
consider coming to the house once or twice a week to train those who wish it,
and what you would like as compensation."
     
      	Sensei said nothing, closing his eyes for a moment in thought.  Ken
hoped that the man would accept his offer and that the 'compensation' was
something he could afford.  It was possible, of course, that he would require
them to come here, or that he would refuse altogether, perhaps even throwing Ken
out because he had taken on students while he himself was just a lowly
white-belt.
     
      	Sensei opened his eyes and said, "I will come tomorrow to evaluate these
people.  If I feel that they can be trained, I will train them."
     
      	"I don't want to push my luck," said Ken, "but it is quite possible
that, over time, more will want to work with you.  And before you agree, there
are other things we should talk about.  I'd prefer that you encountered no
surprises."
     
      	"I see."
     
      	"There are currently nine other people who live at the house.  Over
time, there will be more, I'm sure."
     
      	"And you think they will want to learn, as well?"
     
      	"It is possible, but I don't know," replied Ken.  "Also, does nudity
offend you?"
     
      	Sensei smiled.  "You train in the nude?" he joked.
     
      	"No.  But not everyone who lives there, or who visits, will be training. 
And they can be a bit ... casual ... about clothing."
     
      	"And will I be expected to be ... casual ... as well?"
     
      	"No, Sensei," smiled Ken.  "We all wear workout clothes when we train. 
The rules of the house are that you wear what you want.  Or not."
     
      	"Then I do not foresee a problem,"  said the man.  "So," he continued as
he rose, "will eight am tomorrow be convenient?"
     
      	"That will be perfect," replied Ken.
     
      	"Good.  Then I will see you again," he said as they moved to the door.
     
      ++++++
     
      	At dinner, Ken made the announcement that Sensei was coming to the
mansion tomorrow to watch them train.
     
      	"No trying to seduce the man," he said with mock seriousness, his
comment aimed at Tina. 
     
      	"Not likely anyway," said Arianwen.  "He's polite, but I get as much
read off him as I do a wall."
     
      	"Yes, he is a bit ... opaque," agreed Ken.
     
      	"So this guy's gonna train us?" asked Gary.  "Why?  You seem to be doing
a good job."
     
      	"Gary," replied Ken, " 'this guy' can take me without breaking a sweat. 
I've rarely even laid a glove on him when we spar, and he's one of the top
teachers in the country.  If you're serious about this art, he's the man to
train with.  I'm just a jumped-up white-belt."
     
      	"Oh, bullshit," said Eric.  "And I can't believe that you can't touch
this guy.  You always underestimate yourself.  Ken, you can move so fucking
fast, you're a blur, and you regularly out-lift me when we work out."
     
      	"This is exactly why I need him to train you.  You only see the physical
side of the art.  It's the spiritual side that's really important, and I can't
teach you to find it while I'm still searching myself," replied Ken.  "Martial
arts has many facets to it, and the physical side is only the most obvious.  If
he decides to give a demonstration tomorrow, you'll see the difference between
him and me very quickly."

	+++++
     
      	The breath went out of Eric in a loud woosh! as he hit the floor at an
awkward angle.  He never saw what happened, but not an ounce of his strength
saved him.  Hell, he thought rolling to his feet far more slowly than he'd like,
whatever he did seemed to add to the guy's power!
     
      	The morning had been interesting, if nothing else.  Sensei had arrived
right on time, and Ken had greeted him at the door.  Everyone else was upstairs
waiting in the dojo, talking, wondering what the man was like.
     
      	Sensei Turcotte seemed like a nice guy.  He was wearing a black gee and
a black belt with a large number of hashes on it.  He looked to be about six
feet tall, had closely cropped salt-and-pepper hair, darkly tanned skin, and
looked pretty strong, but Eric was sure he and Ken were far stronger.  Hell,
Jane was probably stronger than this guy.  He was very unpretentious and very
polite to everyone.
     
      	Eric did not have the skills to properly evaluate how the other man
moved.  If he had, his initial impressions would have been different.  Indeed,
even Arianwen and Jane had only seen the man walking the mat, rather than
sparring.
     
      	Sensei indicated that Ken should begin to teach, which made Ken very,
very nervous.  Eric couldn't read Turcotte, but he could read his High Priest,
and Ken was extremely skittish, something that Eric had never seen from him
before.
     
      	After a half hour, Sensei stopped the lesson.
     
      	"I see you have mats.  Let us spar a little, shall we?"
     
      	Ken's eyes widened.  Sensei didn't often spar with new students, and
even rarely sparred in the Friday advanced class.  The first person that he
picked was Eric, who shortly found himself flat on his back for his efforts. 
Ken winced.
     
      	"Again, please."
     
      Eric got up and tried again, this time far more cautiously.  It was for
naught, and he went down again, just as hard.
     
      	"Thank you, Eric," said Sensei.
     
      	Eric remembered to bow to Sensei as he stepped off the mats.
     
      	"Please," motioned Sensei to Tina.
     
      	Her eyes widened, but she was determined not to give any indication that
what Ken had been teaching had been wrong.  She hit the mat just as hard as Eric
had, but sprang up faster.  And so it went with each one of them.  Ken closed
his eyes.  He knew that his teaching hadn't been up to snuff, but at least none
of his 'students' had gotten pissed off, and all remembered to bow to Sensei as
they were dismissed.
     
      	As far as Ken could tell, the only one to disconcert the man, even
slightly, was Jane.  She came at him far faster than expected, showing some of
the physical ability her Goddess had granted her.  While not exactly surprised,
Sensei reacted as if she was far more skilled than she was, so she was hit hard.
     
      	Jane, being Jane, absorbed his blow, and Ken knew that she'd enjoyed it. 
Pain.  Of course.  It was interesting to note that she'd never shown any sexual
anything on the mats before.  Ken guessed that, from her point of view, Sensei
was very dominant indeed.  Naturally, when Jane started to get excited, she
started to pump out more pheromones, which almost panicked Ken.  For some
reason, though, Sensei seemed unaffected.
     
      	Finally, Ken was called to the mat.  Unlike what he'd done with the
others, Sensei did not just stand there and let him attack.  He took up an
actual stance, which worried Ken just a bit.
     
      	Sensei's attack came as a surprise; not because Ken had no warning, but
because his usual inability to keep his Chi intact did not manifest.  As the
match went on, Ken began to realize what Sensei was doing.  This was a demo
match. 
     
      	Eventually, they split and bowed.  It was clear that the class was over
and everyone stood and bowed, thanking Sensei for his time.   Shortly, only he
and Ken were left alone.
     
      	"This is a beautiful home," said Sensei.
     
      	"Do you have time for a tour?"
     
      	"Yes, I believe I do," replied the man.
     
      	The first stop was the kitchen, where Ken got them something to drink. 
Oddly, they ran into no one else as Ken showed Sensei around.  Turcotte wouldn't
have thought it strange, thinking, perhaps, that everyone was either showering
or at work.  Ken, of course, knew that wasn't the case.  Priestesses were as
curious as cats.  Everyone was just staying out of the way.
     
      	They ended up in the Garden.  Sensei beamed as he looked around.
     
      	"This is a beautiful home, indeed," repeated Sensei, sitting, to Ken's
surprise, on the ground.
     
      	Ken knelt across from him and waited.
     
      	"I will come twice each week and train your students.  I think it would
be good if, on the days that I did not come, you were to continue teaching them. 
I have seen nothing that leads me to believe that you are leading them astray,"
he said.

	That was high praise, Ken thought.  He was very excited that Sensei
would come and teach.  Very excited.

	"I wonder if it would be possible if Nikki joined us occasionally,"
asked Sensei.

	"Of course," said Ken.  He hoped that the man wouldn't ask if Chad could
show up.  That might get a bit awkward.
	
	"I believe that Nikki would benefit from meeting some of your friends. 
Her job is stressful, and there are few people that she feels comfortable with,"
continued Sensei.

	"I know that Arianwen and Jane have both spoken to her at the Dojo. 
They think she's very nice," said Ken.

	An understatement, at best.  Both Ari and Jane were itching to get the
woman in to bed.  As far as he was concerned, Nikki was off-limits, since she
was Sensei's lover.

	"Our sparring match went well, don't you think?" asked Turcotte as he
looked around the Garden. 

	He had a relaxed look on his face.  Ken looked at the man, and for the
first time, was able to get just an inkling of what he was like.  He liked what
he saw.  But even here, in the seat of his own power, he was uncomfortable with
probing Sensei.  The general impressions he got from the man were enough to set
his own mind at ease.  He supposed that he could, if he drew on his reserve of
power, finally breach whatever defenses the man had, but he'd felt no alarm from
Lea and was sure that, if he needed to do such a thing, she would have clued him
in.

	"Too well," smiled Ken.  "It took me a minute to understand that you
were just performing a demo for them."

	"Yes, that too," smiled Sensei, rising.

	Again, everyone was conspicuously absent on the way to the door.  Ken
and Sensei shook hands at his car, and he opened the door.

	"Ken," he said, "I'm glad you invited me here.  You've been a puzzle
since we met, and had I known you were a Priest, much of that puzzle would have
been solved."

	Ken said nothing, his mind going a mile a minute, but Turcotte just gave
him a bigger smile.

	"I'll look forward to seeing you tomorrow, and we can set up a mutually
agreeable schedule then."

	Ken watched Scott Turcotte drive off and shook his head.  There was far,
far more to that man than he'd thought.  Perhaps it wouldn't be wise to let him
come back.  There was much to think on.

	Later that evening, after having had another fantastic flying lesson,
Ken was in the Garden, waiting for Lea.  It didn't take long for Her to show up.

	"Greetings, my Avatar," She said with a smile.

	Ken smiled, trying to keep his thoughts on the subject at hand.  They
kissed and it became impossible.

	"It has been too long since we lay together, Kennith," She said to him.

	They were on the small, sandy beach by the river that She seemed so fond
of.  It was sunny and beautiful, and he was quickly lost in Her scent and the
feel of Her skin on his.  They made love in the stream, the warm water cascading
over Her as She spread Herself on a sun-warmed rock and welcomed him between Her
thighs.  Not even the water streaming over their joined bodies was able to
dilute Her wetness, and She urged him to greater heights of pleasure, clasping
Her thighs around his body.  It wasn't until much, much later, and several more
bouts of lovemaking, that he was able to, finally, ask Her about Turcotte.

	"He would be a great asset to our House," She said. 
===
	"Maybe.  But why can't I get a read off him?" asked Ken.

	"You are looking in the wrong place," replied Lea.  "Scott Turcotte is a
Zen Master.  His mind is very powerful, but the way he thinks is not like the
other people that you've encountered.  There is much you could learn from him,
as he sees things that others think are hidden.  Like, for instance, your ties
to me."

	"How could he possibly see that?" asked Ken.  Then, joking, "What, do I
glow or something?"

	"Your power can be seen by those who know where to look," She replied. 
"And Scott Turcotte knows where to look.  Zen is a difficult discipline, but if
mastered, allows someone to see a great deal more of the world then they
otherwise could.  He has achieved a place in his arts where, as a Zen
practitioner might say, the trees have become trees again."
	
	"I don't understand a word that you're saying," said Ken.

	"I know.  And you might never, for Zen might not be your path," She
returned.  "But for now, I think your wives might be looking for you."

	She kissed him, and the world, literally, dissolved around him; he was
back in the Garden.  Jane and Arianwen were just coming out of the house, but
Bill was already there and waiting for him.  His eyes got very wide when he saw
Ken.

	Ken had never given a thought to what happened when Lea took them into
Her world.  For some reason, he thought it all happened in a person's mind, like
the fantasies that She could create.  From the look on Bill's face, though, Ken
thought he might have to re-evaluate that assumption.  The man looked like Ken
had just appeared out of thin air. 

	"Bill," he said, "are you okay?  What, did you doze off or something?"

	"No Ken, I didn't doze off.  I was completely awake," he returned in a
firm voice.  "Awake enough to see you just ... appear."

	Before Ken could say anything else, Bill just raised his hand up. 
"Don't even try to explain.  I'm sure that eventually, just what happened will
become clear.  But in the mean time, I was out here looking for you to let you
know that, yes, I'd very much like to be included on the eleventh." 

	"Uh, good," said Ken.  "Great, actually.  If you have any questions,
feel free to ask."

	Bill grinned and said, "Oh I have questions.  But as I said, I'm content
to wait to find out the answers."

	Ken could not understand why Bill was taking this so, well, so in
stride.  He didn't seem to be disturbed in the slightest, and that was odd. 
Certainly, Ken had been disturbed, when first faced with Lea's power.

	A snippet of Bill's thoughts caught his attention as the other man
walked away:

	"Any sufficiently advanced technology ..."

End chapter 2-18




Avatar 2

Chapter 19

      	Bill did indeed attend the ritual on the eleventh.   And he wasn't the
only one to attend.  Of course, the Circle was there, but Joan, Sandy, Ellen and
Kim also showed up. 
     
      	It was a nice, quiet ceremony.  Intimate.  Once the circle was opened,
Ken looked around and wondered why no one had noticed that one of their number
was no longer there.  Lea, who had lead the ritual, was nowhere to be seen, and
no one even commented on it.  Well, She was a Goddess, after all.
     
      	When Jane and Ari came to him, offering food and wine, their kisses were
filled with heat.  It wasn't long before Bill was the last thing on Ken's mind. 
Looking over, just before Ari's slick pussy descended on his mouth, he didn't
think that Bill was thinking any deep thoughts either.  Not with Tina riding his
pole while Genie sat on his face.
     
      	Something hot and slippery encased his own rigid pole -- Jane, sliding
down to his base.  He could feel the spear of pain in her body from his thick
cock forcibly opening her, and her answering feelings of lust.  It had been too
long since she'd been played with and his slave was getting restless.
     
      	Ari shifted her hips, and he was able to slide one finger in her back
hole while his tongue danced over her swollen clit.  She moaned, her passion
swallowed by the kisses from her wife, who was none-too-gently squeezing and
pulling on Ari's nipples.  Eventually, the small teen found herself face-down on
the ground as Ken slid into her from behind.  Her face was resting on Jane's
pussy, which she was eagerly licking.  Actually, eagerly biting from the sounds
of Jane's pleasure; just licking her there wouldn't cause her to make sounds
like that. 

		It was quite late when they finished their impromptu orgy, but
everyone, with the possible exception of Jane, was sated and happy.  Despite the
orgasms she'd had, Ken could still feel the restlessness in her body, and he
knew he'd have to do something about it sooner rather than later.  It wouldn't
do to have one of his wives dissatisfied.
     
      	The next day Ken made some calls to make the arrangements, deciding that
Friday night would be a good night to shoot for.  Very good, as it turned out. 
He grinned, thinking of how much fun this little outing was going to be.

    	That Thursday, his car was finally ready, so he drove on down to pick it
up.  He'd gotten used to the big Humvee, which made him feel vaguely guilty
despite the fact that it didn't run on gas.  Someone with a 'Love Your Mother'
bumper sticker on her car had actually cursed him out in a parking lot.  He
hadn't had the heart to tell her that even his un-modified BMW probably ran
cleaner than her fifteen-year-old Volvo, which, as she drove off, belched black
smoke in his direction.  Maybe diesel was exempt from damaging the planet?
   
    	Anyway, Sandy, Helen and Davyn were all at the shop when he arrived.  He
gave Sandy a big kiss and hug, and Helen stepped up to him with an expectant
look on her face.  To his surprise, he was unable to escape with just a quick
kiss on her cheek as she caught his lips squarely on hers.  While lingering, the
kiss had no tongue.  Ken, being what he was, was easily able to read the
somewhat subtle invitation from the woman.  He gave no hint of his surprise,
though, and moved to Davyn to shake his hand.
   
    	"Nice to see you folks," beamed Ken.
   
    	He felt no jealousy from Davyn, although he suspected that the man knew
what was behind his wife's kiss.  Ken was somewhat at a loss.  It wasn't that
Helen was unattractive.  She was very attractive.  But he really didn't think it
was a good idea to follow through, even by dipping into her fantasies.  Besides
which, she couldn't possibly know how easily he'd been able to read her
intentions.
   
    	Davyn and Sandy took some time to show him what they'd done to his X5. 
When he took it on the test drive, he was amazed.  Sure, the acceleration before
had been smooth and fast, but now it felt like he was driving a sports car.
   
    	"We did make a number of changes to the suspension," said Davyn. 
"Suffice it to say that you won't be able to pop into the nearest BMW dealer to
get anything but the oil changed.  And even that might be a problem, since it
takes a different amount of oil now."
   
    	They talked for a short while longer, then Ken wrote out a check and
left, enjoying the feel of what felt like a completely different car.  Well, he
thought, change the suspension and the engine, and it might as well *be* a new
car.   He made a quick stop on the way home to ensure that everything was set up
for tomorrow night, then it was over to the flight lesson.
   
    	As usual, that was fantastic, especially since the instructor mentioned
that if Ken just got in a few more hours, he'd be ready to solo in the absolute
minimum time allowed by law.  That made him happy, even though he knew that he
wouldn't be able to tell Arianwen about it.
   
    	Once he got home, it was time to start preparing Jane.
   
    	"Jane, hon," he said, finding her at one of the computer terminals in
the lab, "did you have any plans for tomorrow?"
   
    	"Not that I can think of, Master," she said in a distracted voice.  "Any
special time?"
   
    	"No.  I pretty much expect to use you for the whole day," he responded
in a light tone.
   
    	Light or not, she caught his mood, and it lit a fire in her belly.  She
quickly turned, her deep blue eyes beginning to look smoky.  Oh yes, he thought. 
This was the right decision.  She was gonna love what he had in mind.
   
    	"May I ask how Master is planning to use his slave?" she said.
   
    	"Nope," he smiled, leaning in to kiss her. 
   
    	He knew that not knowing what he had planned would add to her
excitement.  Her kiss was very hungry, and got more so as he crushed her nipple
between his fingertips.  She was actually panting when he walked away.
   
    	After dinner that evening, Arianwen slid into her husband's lap.
   
    	"So, Master," she said squirming, "what do you have planned for our
wife?"
   
    	He told her, and the petite redhead's eyes glowed.  "Oh, I can't wait
for that."
   
    	"Ari, love, I don't think that you'll be able to come," said Ken.
   
    	"Why not?" she asked, surprised.
   
    	"Think about where it's going to happen."
   
    	"What?  Oh.. damn.  That's not fair," she pouted.
   
    	"Why the long face?" he asked.  "This is more her thing than yours,
isn't it?"
   
    	"Well, maybe.  If nothing else, I'd absolutely love to watch.  Who
knows?  Maybe it could become my 'thing'" she smiled.  "Anyway, if I can't come
with you, then are you planning on taking care of me tonight?"
   
    	"Actually," smiled Ken as Annette wandered up, "I'd already thought of
that."
   
    	Ari felt a strong hand grip her hair, which guided her out of Ken's lap. 
She gasped as Annette's fingers got a firm grip on one nipple ring and pulled
up, forcing the girl to stand on her tiptoes.
   
    	"So, little Minx," smiled Annette.  "My Master has given me permission
to play with you tonight.  And since you owe me, I thought we could start, oh...
about now."

      	Arianwen's eyes were glazed with lust.  Her Goddess' gift ensured that
her nipples were very rich with nerves leading directly to the pleasure center
in her brain.  Harsh nipple play really, really excited her.
   
      	"Do you remember how much you wanted to do... certain things for me?"
asked the Priestess.
     
      	"Not sure what things you mean," gasped Ari.
     
      	Annette now had a good grip on each of the teen's swollen nipples and
was pulling up even harder, stretching the girl's small breasts.  She was really
getting off on this, and was a bit unfocused.
     
      	"Well," smiled Annette, as she guided Ari to her knees, "let me give you
a hint."  She grabbed Ari's hair and guided her mouth between her legs.  "I'm
willing to bet Master Ken will punish you a lot if you spill any on the rug."
     
      	Arianwen moaned with lust as her eager tongue began lapping Annette's
shaved, very wet, sex.  When Annette slightly repositioned her mouth, Ari knew
exactly what she intended.  Hot fluid filled her mouth, and Arianwen didn't miss
a single drop.
     
      	It was midnight of that same night that Jane found herself hanging from
her wrists in the playroom.  Her legs were spread by a wide bar, and only the
very tips of her toes were able to reach the ground.  She was soaked with sweat
and her body was striped from neck to knees with welts from the single tail. 
Some of the welts, especially the ones on her mons and breasts, were bleeding. 
She was trembling, desperately trying not to cum.  She didn't have permission.
     
      	Gary and Ken fucked her fore and aft, the men coordinating their strokes
in her pussy and asshole, and generally fucking the shit out of her with no
regard for the strain on her body.  Hands spread her salty sweat over the cuts
left by the whip, causing her skin to burn and sting, not to mention that her
lower holes had barely enough room to fit one cock of Gary's size, never mind
one in each hole.  It was agonizing and so sexually arousing that she was
begging to cum.  To no avail.
     
      	When they finished with her, she was taken down and put into a very
tight, leather mummy bag.  Electronic stims were attached to her clit and nipple
rings, the arches of her feet and under each arm.  Once she was zipped up, the
only way for her to get air was a rather thin tube in her mouth.  Ken set up the
laptop to control the current being applied to her body.  It was by no means
constant, and would sometimes stay off almost long enough for her to fall
asleep.  Sometimes it was a gentle tickle, and sometimes an agonizing shock. 
For Jane, unable to move and having no idea of the time, it would be a very long
night.  Gary eventually went off to sleep, but Ken stayed up with Jane.  It
wasn't a matter of safety.  While he'd never do this to someone not of the
Circle -- and maybe not even to Jane off the property where Lea couldn't
intervene (at least, he assumed She couldn't) -- for Jane this was perfectly
safe.  Insanely intense, but he'd yet to find anything of that nature she didn't
like.  He wondered if he should start getting into other forms of play with her,
like play piercing, breath play or even some fire play.  Besides, he really
didn't need the sleep, and he enjoyed the energy she was throwing off like a
torch, caused by her intense sexual arousal. Ken eventually did doze for an hour
toward morning, but that was more than enough to refresh him. 
     
      	Arianwen walked into the room, looking a little sleepy.
     
      	"Morning, Master," she said in a husky voice.
     
      	"Good morning, Minx," he smiled, noting her arousal.  "You sound like
you didn't just spend the entire night with Annette."
     
      	"It's Jane's fault.  She's putting out enough lust to power a city."
     
      	That was true.  Ken felt like the air was vibrating in response to his
wife's desperate need for an orgasm and her immense pleasure at being denied
that release.
     
      	"I have to go to class today, and while I'm away, I'll need someone to
look after her."
     
      	"Oh, I can do that," smiled Ari with a lazy, sensual smile.
     
      	"She's not to cum," admonished Ken.  "And either she stays in a cage, or
she's otherwise tightly bound, okay?"
     
      	"Mmmm. I like that.  Maybe I can volunteer for something like this soon? 
Well, not the whipping part, at least not as hard as you guys did her, but I
might want to try something like what she's experiencing now."
     
      	"I'm sure we can think of something appropriate," smiled Ken.
     
      	Before he left, Jane was let out about an hour later with him, Arianwen
and Eric watching.  She looked like a bit of a mess, but was glowing with
happiness.  And horniness.  They made her squat over a bowl to pee, then made
her drink it.  That almost made her cum since, for her, drinking pee at
someone's order was one of the most submissive things she could do.  Unlike
Arianwen, she didn't like it for its own sake, but she did it because the level
of humiliation and submissiveness turned her on something fierce.  Of course, no
one, not even Arianwen, knew why Ari liked pee play as much as she did.
     
      	When Ken got home from class, he ate and cleaned himself up.  Jane was
in a cage out by the pool.  It was the smallest cage she could fit in, and the
piercings through her nipples and clit were tightly tied to the front bars. 
Even trying to relieve the strain of the metal against her skin tugged her
piercings in a bad but oh-so-good way.
     
      	"Have you fed her?" asked Ken.
     
      	"Only cock," replied Sally, who was sitting outside enjoying the sun --
and Jane's lust.  "Water, too.  And I think Ari peed on her once or twice.  You
know Ari."
     
      	They chucked over that and Ken squatted in front of the cage.  "Are you
ready to serve me?" he asked.
     
      	"However Master wishes, his slave will serve," she replied.
     
      	Oh yeah, she was really into subspace.  She was completely healed from
last night.  Ken wondered if, considering how much energy she was generating,
she'd been unable to keep from healing.
     
      	"Good," he smiled.  "I'm sure you'll enjoy what I have in mind.  Ari
will be here soon to clean you up and get you ready."
     
      	"Yes, Master," Jane replied, shifting and wincing as her clit ring was
pulled.
     
      +++++
     
      	They entered the small bar, and Ken noted that it was quite full
tonight.  Unlike the first time he'd been here, tonight it really was a private
party.  Things quieted down real fast when they appeared.  He tugged on the
leash and heard a muffled grunt as the cloaked figure shuffled forward to follow
him.  Gary headed toward one of the pool tables.  Ken saw an area had already
been cleared for the entertainment.
     
      	Knife came over and shook Ken's hand, looking curiously at the cloaked
figure behind him.  They all walked into the cleared space.  Someone turned down
the stereo and there was mostly silence in the smoky bar.
     
      	"Hello, guys and ladies," he started.
     
      	"Ain't no ladies here," someone quipped.  There were some 'fuck yous'
and some smacking sounds as open hands connected with bodies.
     
      	"Yes," Ken smiled, "well, you'll notice that I didn't say 'Gentlemen'."
     
      	More laughter.
     
      	"Anyway," he continued, "in a moment, I'll present the evening's
entertainment.  But before I do, there are a few -- very few -- rules."
     
      	There were some cheers from that announcement by the twenty-plus people
in the bar.
     
      	"I'm just going to tell you what you can't do, rather than what you can
do," he said.  "It's a much shorter list."
     
      	Lots of cheering greeted that comment, and he had to wait until things
calmed down a bit before he could continue.
     
      	"Okay -- here are the rules.  Don't do anything that will require a
hospital to fix.  Nothing that will scar.  No tats or branding, either,"  he
started.  "No animals, and no scat.  Other than that, she's fair game.  I've
brought a bag of toys with me that you can use.  Any other toy you come up with,
ask me about. Oh, and finally, no real violence.  You'll get permanently ejected
for that.  If you want a punching bag, look somewhere else or come talk to me. 
I'm sure I'll be able to help you out."
     
      	More noises as everyone thought about what he'd said.  Really, when it
came down to it, they could do about anything they wanted.  This was going to be
a lot of fun.
     
      	Ken dropped the leash and stepped around behind the figure, then pulled
off its cloak.
     
      	"Holy fuckin' shit," was the first comment he heard.
     
      	Jane did, indeed, look fantastic.  Her lustrous dark hair had been
braided, and Sally and Annette had done up her makeup to bring out her beautiful
blue eyes.  Just enough of a touch here and there to accent her beautiful face. 
Somehow, it would have made her look completely innocent, if it weren't for the
fact that she was almost completely naked.
     
      	On her feet, she was wearing over the calf ballet boots, which forced
her to balance on her toes.  Her elbows had been bound together so they were
touching, which forced her large, firm breasts out very provocatively.  A high
leather collar was around her neck, slightly restricting her breathing, and she
was gagged with a large gag that was like a ring gag, but it had a plug in it --
for the time being.  The leash had not been attached to her collar, but to her
nipple and clit piercings.  At each piercing, a heavy weight had been added
which pulled and tugged on those sensitive spots every time she moved or the
leash was pulled.  Ken removed the leash and stepped back.  The pheromones of
his Priestess began to seep into the crowd.
     
      	It was a while before they got to anything exotic.  Jane spent a fair
amount of time being tp'd, something that she loved a great deal.  She also ate
several of the women there; one, at least, Ken was sure was underage.  Well,
under the legal age.  He knew that Ari would be pouting when she found that out. 
After about an hour, Jane was pushed to her knees and one of the women walked
forward.  She was somewhat heavyset, but not unattractive.  She walked with a
roll to her hips and had a wicked smile on her face.

    	"So, honey," she said, "you got your red wings yet?"

    	Jane, who'd had the gag removed a while ago, smiled and, "Not tonight."

    	"Well, looks like I'll be your first, then," she said, misunderstanding
the comment.

    	Jane had absolutely no problems with sex during her period or that of
any of her female lovers.  And while Sally didn't exactly go out of her way to
provide oral sex to another woman during 'that time of the month', only Joan
actively avoided sex during that time.  Not even Bill or Gary had a problem with
it.
   
    	The woman leaned back in a chair that someone had provided and pulled
her legs wide.  Ken could tell, even from where he was, that she was bleeding
pretty heavily.  Jane's face was smeared with red by the time she brought the
woman to a screaming orgasm, as people cheered and clapped.  Another woman
grabbed the back of Jane's head and pulled her into a deep kiss, saliva
stringing between their mouths when she pulled away.  The next woman to sit in a
chair was also bleeding, and Jane brought her off easily as well.

    	Several guys joined in as that woman came, spraying her pussy and Jane's
face with loads of cum.  Jane's greedy tongue slurped up all the cum, bringing
off the girl again.  They pulled Jane away again, ready for another round of
fucking, the first man pushing past her tight sphincter and plunging into her
ass.  While he did that, another man fit his soft cock in her mouth.

    	"Suck, bitch," he said, "and don't spill any."

    	It shortly became clear that he was pissing into her mouth.  There was
more clapping and cheering when he finished.  There'd been a lot of beer
drinking and so several other guys lined up as well.  Being ass-fucked while
drinking piss was certainly very, very submissive, which really pushed Jane's
buttons.  She was in agony at this point; she still didn't have permission to
cum.

    	Finally, as one of the other women was sucking the cum out of Jane's
asshole, and one of the bikers fucked her cunt, slamming hard into her small
hole, she glanced at Ken, begging for relief.  Ken nodded his permission.  It
had been since yesterday since she'd been allowed to cum, and he felt she
deserved it.  She came, hard, and that set off a fresh round of tp'ing.  The guy
next in her mouth was much longer than Ken and was trying, in vain, to choke her
with his cock.  Jane, however, loved to be throat fucked and took him with ease. 
Everyone who used her was amazed at how tight she'd stayed the entire night,
even the women who'd managed to slide the entire hand inside her.  The biker
girls had been kept busy sucking cum out of Jane to keep her from getting too
slick.  No one realized that they could fuck Jane with a baseball bat and she
wouldn't get  any looser than she was now.

    	It wasn't until a bit later that Ken had to step in.  Several of the
women were using Jane, at that point, and they were anything but gentle with
her.  They slapped her breasts until they were red, spanked her cunt, hard,
tweaked and pulled her piercings all while sitting on her face and cutting off
her breathing.  Someone managed to fit a beer bottle in her pussy and was
fucking her with that, while a small woman was trying to push her fist inside
Jane's other hole.  Jane grunted, taking both assaults and moaning her pleasure. 
Having received permission to cum, Jane was having a blast.  Then a new comer
joined in.  Another woman, and Ken felt the tenor of the room change.  Knife,
who'd dumped several loads in Jane tonight, and returned to the bar to sit by
Ken, sat up and his eyes narrowed.  Ken saw one of the bikers casually walk over
to the pile of clothing the woman had left on the floor and look through it. 
Then he stood and shook his head.  Knife nodded back to him.
   
    	"What's up?" he asked.
   
    	"That bitch is trouble.  I don't know how she found out about tonight,
but I didn't tell her," replied Knife.
   
    	"Can you get her out of here without causing a scene?"
   
    	"I doubt it," said Knife.
   
    	"Well, if it's okay, then I'll handle it if she goes too far."
   
    	"She's a total psycho," warned Knife.
   
      	That might be true, but she was the only one who was treating Jane the
way his wife really wanted to be treated.  On the other hand, she did feel like
trouble.  Still, he didn't want to eject someone who might give Jane a really
good orgasm.  Ken decided to let things go, as long as she abided by the rules. 
Knife didn't look happy about it, but he didn't want to put a stop to the fun,
and a loud argument could do that.

    	Things proceeded to get a lot rougher at that point, even though all the
other woman stepped away to let the newcomer play.  She pulled Jane to her feet
by grabbing her breasts.  Jane came up quickly, gasping in pleasure.  The woman
smacked her face, and Jane moaned again.  Knife looked at Ken, who appeared to
be completely unconcerned.

    	Which was anything but the case.  He was watching very carefully, hoping
he wouldn't have to step in. Unfortunately, the vibe coming from the woman
continued to get worse, and it was beginning to look like she would go too far. 
Not for Jane, of course, who would welcome the bruises and abuse as long as her
Master let it go on, because she trusted that she was pleasing him.  But Ken
would never let anyone abuse her for real, and this woman was getting close. 
She slapped Jane again, then forced her to her knees, pissing in her face.  Jane
almost came from that, and eagerly went to work on the hairy pussy that her face
was pulled into.  Again, Ken knew that Jane, too, could tell the difference in
this woman, but was content to let her Master decide that enough was enough. 
That point came once the woman had her orgasm.  She got a very cruel smile on
her face, balled a fist and pulled her hand back.  The blow never fell.

    	Knife didn't see Ken move.  All he knew was that the man somehow
appeared behind the woman and her arm didn't move an inch because he had a hold
on it.  She almost overbalanced from the completely unexpected immobility.

    	She turned to look at Ken, and Jane knee-walked away from them.  Ken
could see the woman's eyes were dilated, and it wasn't with lust.  She was high
on something.  Really, Ken couldn't have cared less what she was on, as long as
she didn't abuse his slave.

    	She jerked her wrist out of his hold, and he let her.  "What the fuck,
you an idiot or something?" she snarled.

    	"You just got here, so you missed the rules," said Ken.  "No violence is
the primary one."

    	"What, you pimpin' this whore?"

    	"She's not a whore, but she *is* mine," he said.  "Are you going to
restrain yourself and have some fun?"

	"Fuck you!" she replied.  "I do what I want."

	Ken shook his head.  "Time for you to go."

	"You can't throw me outta here," she snarled.

	"Look around you," said Ken.  "You're ruining their fun.  If it's a
choice between pussy and you, what do you think it's going to be?"

    	Snarling, the woman walked over and pulled on her pants, buttoned up her
shirt and pulled on her boots.  Ken watched until she was dressed, then turned
to walk back to the bar.  Someone yelled as the woman pulled out a large knife
and went for Ken's back.  She never even got close.  She did, however, find
herself laying on her back, cradling a broken wrist and trying to breathe.  Ken
stood over her, placed a boot on the knife and pulled, snapping the blade. 
Considering how large it was, that was no mean feat, but his action was lost on
the woman on the floor.  She'd been in a lot of fights and had fought with
broken bones before.  She quickly rose, grabbing for a pool cue, and  whipped
toward Ken's face. 

    	He was disappointed in himself.  He should have anticipated that she'd
try something like that.  She missed, of course, and he simply took it away from
her.  About that time, the pain from her wrist started to register, and she
grabbed it again.

    	"You're a dead man," she spat.

    	"Goodbye," said Ken, nodding at the door.

    	The woman walked slowly out the door, and Ken felt an almost collective
sigh of relief from everyone around him.

    	"Carry on," he said as he headed back to the bar.

    	The mood was broken though, and one of the girls took Jane to a back
room where there was a small shower. 

   	"Who the hell was that idiot?" asked Ken, taking a sip of his beer.

    	"Crazy Sally," replied Knife.  "She used to ride with us a lot more, but
the drugs got to her, and she started getting a bit crazy.  Rumor is she shot
someone who crossed her, but no one knows for sure.  That's why I had Rick check
her clothes, to make sure she wasn't carrying.  Good idea, as it turned out,
since I'm sure she would have shot you."

    	"I see," said Ken, wondering if he could heal fast enough to survive
being shot in a vital place.  Probably not, considering shock and all.

    	"Better watch yourself when you leave here," said Knife.  "She's crazy
enough to try something else.  We'll make sure someone's with you."

    	"I'll keep it in mind," replied Ken.  Great, that was what he needed. 
Some psycho with a gun.  Well, he'd leave before taking Jane outside and check
around.  Hopefully, he'd be able to spot her and deal with her before she saw
him, especially if he went out a different way, like out a window.
   
    	Gary came over to the bar and said, "Shit, man, I'm sorry.  I was
outside getting some air.  I didn't know that crazy bitch was here.  Why didn't
you warn Ken, Knife?"
   
    	"He warned me," said Ken.  "She wasn't armed, with a gun anyway, and I
figured that she could be handled.
   
    	"Yeah, you were right about that," said Knife.  "You don't ever want to
tangle with this guy.  Shit, I didn't think anyone could move that fast."
   
    	Ken smiled thinly and said, "I take a very dim view of anyone trying to
hurt my wife."   
   
      	About that time, everyone started clapping and cheering.  Jane, still
completely naked, her dark hair shining from the shower, walked into the room. 
She flowed into Ken's open arms, as people continued to clap and hoot their
appreciation.  Ken could feel her body still vibrating with need -- her last
orgasm had been cut off, and she -- despite an evening of sex that had left her
quite sore -- wanted her husband's cock inside her.  For the first time in a
while, they felt pretty full of energy and knew their Goddess would be pleased. 
He had every intention of taking her home and slamming his cock into her sore,
well-used pussy when they got there. 

	That plan went exactly nowhere.

    	"Hey, Ken," said Knife, "you never got a chance with your woman there. 
You gonna do her?"

    	"Of course.  I just wasn't planning on doing it right now," said Ken.

      	Loud protests rang out, and it shortly became clear that everyone wanted
him to have sex with Jane right here.  He decided to put on a little show; after
all, he still had a little room left to store energy.  Jane smiled at him, then
gasped as he grabbed her by her hair and all but drug her over to where the bag
of toys was.  It was obvious that Jane's night was not over yet.
     
+++++

Note to my readers:

	Once again, I'd like to say how very much KB and Felinicus have
contributed to making the Avatar story something that's a good read.  KB's
ability to edit my writing into something that makes (more) sense, and
Felinicus's ability to find those last one or two (or three or four or ...)
mistakes that inevetably creep in make this a much better piece of writing.

	My thanks to both of you.


      End Chapter 2-19




Avatar 2

Chapter 20

     	Jane was almost purring her contentment on the drive home.  Her eyes and
skin actually glowed, at least to Ken's eyes.  She was sitting on her cloak,
which was soaking up the fluids that Ken had injected into her well-used body
before they left the bar.
    
     	He'd decided that, since they weren't getting out of the bar without him
fucking her, a little demo had been in order.  Jane had shortly found her wrists
crossed and tied between her shoulder blades.  He'd then added some harsh, thin
rope which ballooned her tits.  Next came a thorough whipping with a single tail
that he'd kept with him all night.  Welts had dotted her skin as she writhed
from the blows.  No one, however, had mistaken her as being in distress.  Her
pleasure had been obvious, and between the two of them, people had begun
shedding their clothing again.  By the time he'd fucked her ass, after cumming
once in her cunt, people had been laying on the floor, exhausted but very, very
sated. 
    
     	When they finally got around to leaving, several of the women told Ken
he could play with them any time.  Gary, who had come in his own car, had
already left by the time Ken and Jane headed out.  Knife had sent a few of the
guys out to the lot to make sure that Crazy Sally wasn't waiting around for a
second chance to stab Ken, or worse.
    
     	Jane slept quite well that night.
    
     +++++
    
     	When Ken got back from flying on Sunday, Genie found him to talk.
    
     	"I think," she said, "that I've gotten all I can get."
    
     	"I assume that you mean information about Ari's dad," replied Ken.
    
     	"Yeah.  I'm willing to bet that some of the information is on
stand-alone computers, but there was a fair amount of information in the systems
I could get into, once I knew what I was looking for," she replied.
    
     	"And?"
    
     	"Well, he was a pilot.  But he was also a part of a black ops unit.   I
can make educated guesses as to when he went on missions, but not always what
they were.  I'd need access to military computers to get that information.  Or,
at the very least, I'd need access to the lines that they use to link the
computers.  A lot of them are separate  from regular lines, and even when
they're not, they're highly encrypted," she replied.  "Anyway, his date of death
is indirectly confirmed, and that aligns with a period that I know he was on
assignment.  I've got his records, even the ones that are secret, and other
information.  There are references to special access records, but again, I can't
get them.  Even the normal records were strongly encrypted."  She snorted.  "Too
bad that the government doesn't think the rest of us deserve to have our
information protected as well as a dead man's."
    
     	"He was awarded a number of medals, and had been wounded at least twice
in combat.  Naturally, he flew in Vietnam, and I know he was deployed in Iran
for a time.  There are suggestions that he also served in actions in Africa,
Iraq and Lebanon, but again, I have no specifics.  He was awarded a medal for
heroism posthumously.  It's a little strange that, even though he was a
first-class pilot, he racked up a lot of time in ground action, as well.  That
is fairly unusual.  As I said, the whole record screams black ops."
    
     	Ken sighed.  "So where does that leave us?"
    
     	"With her dad not dying in a civilian plane while fucking around,"
stated Genie.
    
     	"Would you consider being there when I tell her?" asked Ken.  "That way,
she won't think that I'm trying to get her to back off about my flying."
    
     	"That wasn't why you did this?" asked Genie.
    
     	"Initially, it was.  But now it's obvious that, for some reason, her
mother hid her father's military career from her.  Well, both Tina and her,"
replied Ken.
    
     	"How could you hide something like that?" asked Genie.
    
     	"I don't know.  Ari said he was thirty-eight when he died. She was two,
which means that either Tina was about to be born or had just been born."
replied Ken.  "Tina never knew him at all, and Ari's memories couldn't be all
that strong."
    
     	"Hmmm," said Genie.  "Fifteen or so years ago.  Way after we pulled out
of Iran, even."
    
     	"Yup.  But who knows what was going on at the time, if he was black
ops," replied Ken.  "Our government has their fingers in a lot of pies -- most
of which, I'm sure, the general public knows nothing about."
    
     	"You sound like you disapprove," commented Genie.
    
     	"Not exactly.  I mean, there are a lot of people in this country who are
stupid enough to think that if we get rid of all our weapons, everyone will be
our friend," he said.
    
     	"Right," snorted Genie derisively.
    
     	Ken smiled.  "People can be delusional, that's for sure.  The world's a
dangerous place, and no amount of wishful thinking is going to change that.  On
the other hand, we've done some things that are pretty fucked up, which gives
some people reason to hate us."
    
     	"Like 9/11?"
    
     	"Not in my opinion.  Killing several thousand innocent people is
barbaric, and there's no excuse for it.  Of course, I'm not much better, since
if I could, I'd put a bullet in Osama's head myself," replied Ken.
    
     	"I don't understand," said Genie.
    
     	"Look," replied Ken, "if I just offed the guy, I be as much of a
barbarian as he is.  If they ever find the fucker, he should get a fair trial."

    	"You're a better man than me," said Genie, "I'd just as soon strangle
him."

    	"Don't mistake me, Genie.  I wasn't kidding when I said I'd kill him
myself.  And this may shock you, but if the only way to stop another attack like
that was to kill the people involved -- all the people -- I wouldn't hesitate
for a second."

    	Genie looked at Ken in a new light.  She knew he was serious at the
moment, but wondered if Ken would actually do something like that.  On the other
hand, even though she'd only been training with him for a week, and despite the
fact that she knew she wasn't an expert, the way Sensei pushed him during
sparring sessions gave her a healthy respect for his abilities.
   
    	Ken, following her train of thought, felt it wiser not to tell her that
he'd already killed in self defense.  He hadn't liked doing it, still felt
guilty on the occasions when he dwelled on it, and even still had bad dreams
about it.  But given the same situation, he didn't think he would hesitate now
any more than he had in the past.
   
    +++++
   
      	As the day of the big party approached, Ken thought it was amusing to
watch Genie and Annette go around in circles as they both made sure that it was
okay to combine their celebrations.  Neither Gary or Bill were consulted -- in
public, anyway.
     
      	Once it was established that they were going to combine Gary and
Annette's wedding celebration with Bill and Genie's engagement announcement
party, the guest list had to be hashed out.  That was another conversation that
Ken declined to be a part of.  It was their party; they should decide.
     
      	The guest list contained friends, family and several surprises, at least
for Ken.  One of which was the inclusion of "Sensei Turcotte and Guest". 
Another was that Gary wasn't inviting his parents -- or, as far as Ken knew,
even notifying them.  Genie was fine with her parents coming, but Bill was
nervous.  He even stated that he wasn't sure that his parents would be able to
make it and tried to get out of inviting them.  That went nowhere with his
wife-to-be, so they were sent an invitation.
     
      	Lessons with Sensei were going well.  Bill and Genie, who had finally
stopped working, had joined the classes on the fifth.  They had really gotten
into it, far more than Ken would have expected.   Bill missed the occasional
session since he had classes to attend, but Sensei didn't apply the same rules
when he taught at the mansion as he did in his own dojo.  Arianwen had told Ken
that she'd arranged her class schedule around the training, and that Bill had
complained to her because there was a class he had to have, that was only
offered at one time and so would miss once a week. 
     
      	The party started on the afternoon of August 23.  It was scheduled to
go, for most people, until late in the evening.  Sunday would be mostly quiet,
since Genie's parents, Edward and Jenna, were flying in from out of town Friday
night and were going to be staying the weekend.  They had offered to stay in
town, but Ken wouldn't hear of it and not only paid for their airline tickets,
but made sure they were given a very nice suite in the guest wing of the
mansion.

	He let Genie and Bill use his X5 to pick them up at the airport.  Once
the four of them got back here, despite the fact that Sally was overseeing the
cooking for tomorrow in the large kitchen, she prepared a fantastic meal for
everyone.  Edward and Jenna Baeder were very nice, down to earth folk who owned
and worked a Wisconsin dairy farm that produced some really fantastic cheese. 
They seemed to enjoy the evening a great deal, and they were wild about Bill.
    
     	The other guests started arriving the next day at around one in the
afternoon.  The party wasn't formal, but there were people in a suit and tie. 
Davyn's comment to Ken was something in the order of, "I see everyone's dressed,
this time.  Too bad."
    
     	Ken smiled and told him that he was welcome to remove his clothing, but
requested that he and Helen use an upstairs bedroom, since it might shock the
other guests if they stripped off down here.
    
     	"What if I'm not with Helen?" grinned the man as he waggled his
eyebrows.
    
     	"You'll have to work that out with whomever you end up with, then,"
returned Ken.
    
     	"And," added Helen, "if she's cute, you'll have to explain why you
didn't invite me."
    
     	She was watching Sally from the corner of her eye when she said that. 
Sally had just walked up, but had heard enough to know what they were talking
about.  She could also feel the more than mild sexual interest her in-laws had
in her.
    
     	"You two are *so* bad," she said, giving them a hug and chaste kiss. 
"Ken, please make sure these two letches stay away from the more impressionable
women here."
    
     	"Oh, like that little redhead?" smirked Davyn.
    
     	"Which one?" asked Ken and Sally at the same time, laughing.
    
     	"You know, the real little one.  Well, the young one... Tina," he
replied.
    
     	Ken and Sally laughed even harder at that.
    
     	"Careful with Tina, Dad," said Sally.  "She can be quite a handful."
    
     	Her response certainly surprised Davyn and Helen, who were not expecting
tacit approval of their comments.  They left it at that, and Sally moved with
her parents to the other areas of the house, while Ken, who was shortly joined
by Jane, stayed in the entranceway to greet the guests.  Once the initial flood
of people were here, Ken would leave, since he'd always know when someone was on
the property.  The gates had been left open today -- no sense in having people
buzzing to get in or leave all the time.
    
     	Jane, as always, looked stunning.  Her dark hair and stunning blue eyes
were set off nicely by the blues in her dress.  While not nearly as risque as
some of the things she wore, it clearly showed off her beauty.  In fact, all of
the women had had a huge amount of fun shopping for this event.  Arianwen and
Tina were in matching sheer, skimpy, green dresses, which seemed designed solely
to make people who looked at the teens drool.  The design worked, as Ken noticed
when he saw them.  The men were more casual, dressing in slacks and a nice
shirt.  Bill had a tie on and was dressed more formally than anyone else.
    
     	Sensei and Nikki arrived and were greeted warmly by Jane and Ken.
    
     	"Sensei," smiled Ken, holding out his hand, "I'm glad you could make
it."
    
     	They shook hands, and Sensei said, "Today, it's just Scott."
    
     	Ken nodded, then both he and Jane received a kiss from Nikki, one that
was just short of an invitation to take her upstairs.  Ken and Nikki had been
getting to be closer friends lately, and she and Jane had really hit it off. 
Scott gave Jane a kiss as well, and Ken felt her react quite strongly to it.
    
     	Nikki was looking beautiful, wearing heels that had to be about four
inches and a dress that, no doubt, kept her remembering to bend carefully.  It
was green and also managed to show off her full breasts quite nicely.  Jane and
Ken both noted she was horny as hell.  Her excited scent drifted to both of
them, and Ken, after dipping into her surface thoughts, found out why.
    
     	Scott had been teasing her brains out since last night.  He'd promised
her that if she did her best to seduce either Arianwen or Jane, he'd allow her
to cum, even if she didn't succeed.  He'd also slid a remote-control vibrating
egg into her well lubed pussy before they'd left his apartment.  It rested right
on her overlarge g-spot, and he'd been teasing her on the drive over, making her
pull aside her panties and slowly play with her clit while he occasionally
buzzed the egg.  Naturally, she still hadn't been allowed to cum.  Now, every
step the woman took in those high heels caused the egg to jostle her sensitive
spot, and she was afraid that, at some point, he'd make her cum.  While she
really wanted to cum, the tiny thong she was wearing was already saturated with
her thick honey.  She squirted when her g-spot was stimulated during orgasm, and
knew that it would look like she'd peed herself.  Interestingly enough, the
imagined embarrassment from that made her even more horny, and Scott knew all
her weak points, including her love of being forced to cum in public. 

	At least, he thought he knew all of them.  Ken knew otherwise.  There
were still a few he hadn't discovered.  Ken wondered what Scott would do to her
today.  He made a note to sic both Jane and Arianwen on the woman.  That would
be fun.  Cruel, but fun.
    
     	More guests arrived, friends of Genie, Annette and Gary that he hadn't
met.  Even Knife showed up, dressed in his jeans, biker boots and a button down
shirt.  Ken didn't know if Gary had invited any other guys from the bar.  He
assumed so when he heard Knife mention that a big ride was happening today by
way of apology for being the only one to attend.
    
     	Ken found it amusing that Knife was a bit embarrassed when he saw Jane,
bending down to give her a light peck on the cheek.  Jane was having none of
that, however, and acted very insulted, while pulling the startled man's face
closer for a much deeper kiss.  Ken could hear Knife thinking about how fucking
strong this woman was, right up until she seduced his tongue into her mouth. 
Then he was wondering if Ken would object to them using a bedroom for a while.
    
     	It was a while later when Ken sensed Bill's uneasiness.  It was strong
enough to cause him to move quickly to the front door where, apparently, his
parents had arrived.
    
     	"Yes, Mother, I am engaged.  Really." he was saying in a flat voice as
Ken walked up.
    
     	"Well, I'll be interested to meet whomever it was that you actually
managed to hold a conversation with," said the woman.
    
     	The comment was clearly meant to be a cutting remark.  Ken immediately
didn't like either of them.  While he couldn't read them very clearly, he really
didn't have to.  They both emanated a clear disinterest in this whole event, and
Bill's mother, sadly, actually didn't like Bill.
    
     	"Ken," said Bill, trying to keep hold of his temper, "these are my
parents.  Mike and Ann."
    
     	"Charmed," said Ann, giving Ken a dismissive glance before walking past
him into the house.
    
     	"Micheal," corrected Bill's father as he stepped forward. 
    
     	His handshake was all business, and he looked around with the eye of
someone who was calculating to the last penny how much the entry hall of the
Mansion was worth.
    
     	That was about as civil as the two of them were the entire time they
were there -- not that they stayed all that long.  There was a bit of an
argument when some of their comments, comments that Ken wasn't privy to, almost
brought Genie to tears.  Fortunately, Genie's parents, despite their attempts at
being friendly (which had been soundly rebuffed) were in the kitchen with Sally. 
Ken felt Genie's upset, and, in fact, everyone in the Circle felt it and started
to 'drift' over to where the four of them were.  Ken caught Jane's eye and waved
her off.  The rest of the Circle quickly picked up on what he wanted and stopped
advancing, but if Bill's parents had been paying any attention to anyone but
themselves, they would have noted they were loosely surrounded by a rather
annoyed group of people.  The other guests noted it, that was for sure.
    
     	"Mother, if you had the faintest idea about anything other than the
stock reports, you'd understand that Genie is brilliant, not just smart," Bill
was saying.
    
     	"Yes, dear, I'm sure.  But if that were the case, then..."
    
     	"Hi," interrupted Ken with a big smile on his face.  "I really hate to
interrupt, but I need Bill and Genie for a minute.  Thanks."
    
     	Bill found himself pulled away, while Genie eagerly followed Bill, her
finger's sunk into his arm.  Ken heard a "How rude," muttered as Ann and Micheal
moved over to the small bar.
    
     	"Hey, you guys okay?" asked Ken, with real concern in his voice. 
    
     	Genie nodded yes, while wiping a tear away from her face with the hand
that wasn't holding onto Bill's arm with way more force than he would like. 
Bill was furious, but at a loss for what to do.
    
     	"I'm sorry, honey," he said to Genie, "Now, at least, you know why I
didn't want to invite them."
    
     	"But they're your parents," she said. "How can they treat you like
that?"
    
     	"Me?" he asked shocked.  "What about you?  I mean, it has gotten worse
over the years, but Mother has never been this bad.  I really can't believe she
said those things to you."
    
     	"Bill, if you want, I'll be happy to ask them to leave," said Ken.
    
     	Bill sighed.  "I think they'll just cause a scene if you do.  Better to
let them have their way."
    
     	"Look, they're your parents, but if they were to leave, would you be
upset?" asked Ken.
    
     	"Not after the way they treated Genie, no.  I didn't want to see them
before, and I certainly don't want to see them now," said Bill in a firm voice.
    
     	"Today is supposed to be your day," said Jane who had just walked up. 
"Say the word and they're gone.  No muss, no fuss."
    
     	Bill looked around and realized that, while there were a fair number of
people at the party, everyone in the Circle was very near them, and they were
all watching the conversation.  It was at that point that he realized just what
these people were beginning to mean to him.  Although, since Genie was part of
the Circle, he wondered if they were just supporting her.  His heart sank a bit
when he thought of that, since that was probably the case.
    
     	Arianwen wormed her way under his arm, right then, much to his surprise. 
She got on her tiptoes and kissed his lips.  It was not a lover's kiss, but it
was anything but casual.
    
     	"Bill, there's no way we can let them treat you *or* Genie that way,"
she said in a quiet voice.  "You're one of ours, and unless you tell us
otherwise, they're outta here."
    
     	Tears stung his eyes, and he felt guilty about his last thoughts.  It
was an odd feeling to know that they really did want him.  Goddess knew his
parents didn't.  He nodded his assent, and Ken clasped his shoulder.
    
     	Eric fell in next to him.  Gary, who'd been watching, also joined them,
as did Jane and Arianwen.  They were a bit behind Ken when he approached the
oblivious pair.  Micheal was just lighting up a cigarette, which gave Ken the
perfect excuse.
    
     	"I'm sorry, Mr. Wicks, but there is no smoking on the premises," said
Ken in a firm voice.  He had a pleasant smile on his face though.
    
     	"Oh, don't be silly," said Ann.  "We're outside.  What harm can it do?"
    
     	"Nevertheless, I must ask that you put it out.  Actually, I think it
would be best if you were to return to your vehicle," said Ken.  "You're
upsetting my guests."
    
     	"Excuse me?" asked Bill's father, dropping the cigarette on the ground,
but not crushing it out.
    
     	"Please," said Ken, motioning them toward the inside of the house, "your
car is this way."
    
     	"We're not leaving," said Bill's mother in an affronted tone. 
    
     	"Please," repeated Ken, once again motioning them toward the inside of
the house.
    
     	Ann was outraged, but Micheal looked up and saw several large,
unpleasant-looking men plus two beautiful but very angry-looking women.  It was
clear what was going on, and these ... people ... were just uncivilized enough
to carry through on their implied threat.
    
     	Ann kept up a diatribe of outraged comments as they were quickly
escorted through the house and to their car. 
    
     	"Don't think that Billy will be hearing from us any time soon," said
Ann, her voice shaking with outrage.
    
     	"I'll let him know," said Ken, who was standing there, arms folded.
    
     	The electric window went up, and the big Mercedes drove off, rather more
quickly than necessary.  Ken shook his head and walked back inside.  It was
beyond him how those two, as self-absorbed as they appeared to be, could ever
have gotten together long enough to have had sex.   Maybe Bill had adopted for a
tax write-off.

	+++++

	Dusk had fallen.  Ken surveyed his domain and was satisfied.  People
were happy, some were swimming (Genie's friends, mainly), Joan, Helen, Davyn,
Eric and Genie's parents were sitting around and talking.  They appeared to
enjoy each other's company a lot.  Plus, Genie's parents had gotten along
famously with Bill from the first meeting, which had gone a long way toward
erasing the unpleasantness with Bill's parents.  Ken noticed, however, that even
though Scott was present -- apparently in a deep discussion with Lenny, David
and Sandy -- Nikki was nowhere to be seen.  Neither was Arianwen.

	+++++

	"So this is where you guys work out," said Nikki.  "Nice."

	"Yup," replied Ari.  "Ken is really serious about training, so he's
always adding something new to help."

	Nikki, really getting to the edge of her control from all the teasing
Scott had inflicted on her, turned on the little redhead and wondered if she
could afford to replace the dress she was thinking of tearing off the girl.  She
thought that, all in all, she was hiding her sexual frenzy very well.  She had
no way of knowing that Ari knew all the lustful thoughts going through her head. 
Fortunately, Scott was too far away to buzz that damned egg.  Between the
thoughts of what she'd like to do with Ari and how sensitive she was from all
the teasing, she was sure if he buzzed her one more time she would collapse in a
screaming orgasm.  As it was, she could feel her thick juices squeezing out of
her panties, and she was sure that, since she could smell her pussy, so could
everyone else. 

	"Gee, Nikki" said Ari, who had somehow moved closer to her than Nikki
had realized.  "You look a little warm.  Should we go back downstairs?"

	Despite her seemingly innocent words, Arianwen gently ran a finger over
Nikki's collar bone, wetting it on the woman's damp skin.  Then, she ran it over
her own lips.  Nikki felt her breath catch, and she almost stumbled in her high
heels.  The invitation was obvious to her lust-fogged mind.  Despite the fact
that she could smell her own sex, she could somehow smell Arianwen's even more. 
It was making her knees weak.

	"No," she said, trying to get herself back into control.  After all, she
was supposed to seduce Ari, not the other way around.  "I like it when it's a
little warm."

	"Hmmm," smiled Ari, reaching for Nikki's hand.  "Me, too.  C'mon.  Let
me show you another room."

	And that was how Nikki found herself in the bedroom that was maintained
as Arianwen's.  She never slept there,  but her spouses had agreed that, until
she was eighteen, it was a good idea for her to have one.
    
	Nikki was trembling as Ari gently kissed her lips.  God, it was the
sweetest kiss she'd ever had!  Then, passion crashed through her body, and she
pulled Ari down to the bed.  The teenager willingly joined her, but somehow
sensed her need for more teasing.  She shed her own dress, which left her in a
tiny thong, then undressed Nikki, leaving on only her heels and thong.  Then she
slowly took off the thong, and Nikki felt herself getting dizzy with lust, as
Ari took the panties and held them to her nose.  She pinched one of her pierced
nipples and pulled it, while sucking the panel of cloth that had rested over
Nikki's saturated pussy for hours.  Nikki groaned loudly, and Arianwen dropped
the panties, took one of Nikki's feet in her hands and began licking the top. 
She licked her way up to the inside of Nikki's thigh, over the matted blond hair
that covered her pussy lips, then back down the other leg.  Nikki was moaning
and clutching the sheets.
	
	Finally, Ari returned her attentions to Nikki's sex.  She reached inside
and pulled out the egg, and Nikki panted, watching the teen thoroughly clean it
of her juices.  She moaned and tried to play with herself to provide a now well
overdue cum, but Ari brushed her fingers away.  Nikki groaned, her body almost
on fire, until Ari finally put her face between her legs and started giving her
a slow, sensuous tongue bath.  Nikki moaned, pulling on her own pink nipples and
mashing her breasts as Ari continued to tease her right to the edge of insanity. 
Finally, two fingers slid into her swampy pussy and pushed against her g-spot in
_just_ the right way, and Nikki came.

	She was screaming, loudly, as waves of intense pleasure crashed through
her body, orgasm after orgasm piling on top of each other.  Her muscles
contracted, and she dimly felt herself squirting a large quantity of fluid,
which she somehow knew the girl between her legs was eagerly swallowing.  She
thought, but wasn't sure, that at one point she might have even lost control of
her bladder for a second or two, so intense was her pleasure.  If so, the teen
never stopped sucking and showed no signs of displeasure.

	Nikki finally came back to herself.  She had no idea how long those
amazing waves of pleasure had stolen her senses for, but she found herself
panting, covered with sweat, and looking into a pair of green eyes.

	"Surely," said Arianwen, "you're not finished already."

	Nikki eagerly accepted Ari's tongue, still coated with her own sweet
honey, into her mouth.

	+++++

	Ken looked around.  Most people had left by this time, although a few
were still around.  The usual crew, with the addition of Edward and Jenna, were
staying the night, and Ken knew that Scott was ready to leave.  However, he
seemed to have lost Nikki.  Reaching out with his senses, he located her in a
tangled, sweaty heap with Arianwen.  Pulling Jane aside, he asked if she'd go
get their wife and help her re-assemble Nikki.  The woman more or less managed
to get herself together, although when Scott finally found his slave, she was in
bare feet and looking rather the worse for wear.  Arianwen was with her and
tried to look contrite.

	"Master Scott, I didn't know that Nikki here was your slave.  She didn't
tell me when she ... uh ... seduced me upstairs."  Arianwen had gotten a lot of
information from Nikki, both from her fantasies and what conversation they'd had
when Nikki was too exhausted to cum anymore.  "So if she did anything wrong,
Sir," she continued, all innocent, "you should really punish me.  I'm sure
Master Ken wouldn't mind."

	"Master Ken, is it?" asked Scott with a smile.

	"Don't do it, Scott," said Nikki, who -- thanks to some of the energy
Ari had fed back into her -- was feeling a lot more alive.  Also a bit sore (Ari
had managed to get her whole, rather small, fist into her.  Even so, it had
still been a fist..), a bit wobbly in the legs, sleepy and very, very satisfied. 
Ken had been right: this one had been more than she'd bargained for.  "She's way
more dangerous than she looks."

	About that time, Ken and Jane walked up.  The rest of the folks had said
their goodnights.

	"Ken, Jane," nodded Scott.  "Thank you so much for allowing us to
attend.  It was a very pleasant evening."

	"I'm glad you could come," replied Ken.  "Although, Nikki, you look a
little peaked.  Are you okay?"

	His smile told Nikki all she needed to know.

	"Yeah, yeah.  You were right, okay?  I learned my lesson," she said.

	"Oh, I hope not," said Jane, moving closer to the woman.

	Despite all the activity, Nikki felt things low in her belly start to
tighten, and she smiled.  Maybe there were still some things to learn after all.

	"I'm glad to see you still have some energy left," said Scott.  "I'm
sure we can think of something to do with it when we get home."

	Everyone grinned, even Nikki, and hugs and kisses were shared all
around.  As he was leaving, Scott turned to Ken and said, "I was wondering if
you would mind Nikki occasionally joining the class here?"

	"Not at all," replied Ken.  "She's welcome any time.  So are you, for
that matter.  Even if you're not teaching class."

	"Thank you," said the man, then with a sly grin on his face, "Arianwen,
perhaps it would be good if you were to repeat the earlier part of our
conversation to 'Master Ken'.  Goodnight."

	"Ari?" asked Ken.

	"Yes, Sir?" she replied, looking all innocent.

	No one was buying it.

	+++++

	It had been a week since the big party, and Tina was sitting in her room
at her desk.  This weekend was a three-day weekend, Labor Day, and had been a
huge amount of fun.  Beach time, a trip out to Catalina Island, swimming and, of
course, a fantastic play party.  For some reason, though, she was still pretty
horny.  So, she had one of her favorite stories on the computer and was
scrolling through it, flicking her clit and sliding her fingers into her wet,
and recently used, pussy.

	"So, my love, do you like that story?" asked Lea, a gleam in Her eyes.

	"Yes, my Lady, I do.  Very much," replied Tina.

	Lea leaned down and kissed her.  Pleasure laced through her body, and
Tina came, barely conscious.

	Lea looked at the computer screen, then back at Tina.  A slow, sensuous
smile spread over her face.  A short while later, Tina lay down to sleep.  Lea
reappeared, her smile even wider than before.
	
	
	End Chapter 2-20

Note to my readers:
   This is the point where the Book 2 of Avatar will break while another story
takes place.  This story will be a Naked in School story, called Avatar, Naked
in School.  While you could take up Avatar after the NIS story and not miss too
much, if you're enjoying Avatar, try the NIS story.  Especially since there's
fifteen chapters of it :)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Pen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





