BDSM Library - House of Disrepute




House of Disrepute
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A recently graduated doctor is hired to be physician at one man's private brothel, and he slowly gives in to the lure of the girls that work there.The weirdest job I ever had began with a modest advertisement in the local
  newspaper, from a local businessman wanting a private doctor. I soon discovered
  that the advertisement was one of the very few modest things about this businessman.
  I met him at a restaurant, which I considered to be unorthodox for a job interview,
  but that was the tip of the iceberg. The restaurant was a fairly classy cafe,
  where the upmarket yet discreet decor belied the astronomical prices. The sort
  of place, I concluded, that I would not ever have usually found myself in.  
I waited patiently for my prospective employer to arrive, tactfully observing
  the people who entered the restaurant. There was a steady stream of poshlooking
  couples, who I suspected occupied an entirely different social strata
  to people like me. I felt very out of place, and was almost too busy considering
  this when one of the smartly dressed executives entering the restaurant approached
  my table. He held out his hand.  
"John Carr."  
I stood up awkwardly and shook his hand; "Simon Tate," I informed him.  
We sat down, and my lunch companion immediately caught a waiter's attention
  and summoned him over.  
"Ready to order?" John asked.  
"Err... yep just give me a sec..." I replied, fumbling with the menu.  
"I'll go &#64257;rst then," said John, and informed the waiter of his impressive
  sounding choice. I ordered something respectably expensive from the menu, not
  wanting to seem too cheap or too extravagant.  
During the course of lunch, John quizzed me a lot about my background and
  a little on my quali&#64257;cations, although often we deviated into unrelated
  matters such as the affairs of the day. Whenever I tried to steer the
  conversation toward asking about the job, John waved his hand dismissively
  and declared "We'll come to that later."  
At the end of the meal, John called for the bill and insisted upon paying
  all of it, despite my attempts to offer my own generosity. In truth I
  was glad that I was forced to accept his offer. When we stood up to leave,
  John offered his curt opinion of me: "I like you, Dr. Tate. I think you
  should come back to my house, and I'll tell you more about the job."  
"Just Simon," I informed him, and followed him out of the restaurant to his
  car. I half expected him to have a chauffeurdriven limousine waiting
  for us, but the fact that he drove his own car made me feel like I still had
  something in common with his level of living. Even if the car was a Porsche.  
We drove leisurely to John's house, which did make me appreciate the gulf
  between us, wealthwise. Mansion would be a more accurate description, given
  the size of the house, and the fact that the grounds of the house were big
  enough to be measured in acres. John stopped at the gates, and punched in a
  code on a keypad by the gates, making them slowly swing open. We drove through,
  and up to the house. I was surprised to see eight cars parked outside the house,
  wondering how one man could drive so many. Had I been thinking a bit more clearly,
  I probably would have realised that some of the cars were not vehicles a rich
  man like him would choose to drive, and that they belonged to other residents
  of the house.  
I saw two of them as I entered the house, girls I would later come to know
  as Rebecca and Chloe. They smiled at me, and I smiled back at the two pretty
  ladies, wondering what their connection was to John. I did not have to wait
  long to &#64257;nd out. We went into an o&#64259;ce with decor identical to
  a lawyer's o&#64259;ce in a Hollywood &#64257;lm, leather chairs, polished
  dark wooden desks, and a row of bookshelves down one wall. John motioned for
  me to take a seat, and we both sat down, either side of his large desk.  
"Simon. I want you to be the personal physician to myself and all the other
  residents of this house. You will come and live in the house, and will be oncall
  each evening, although the daytimes will generally be yours to do with as you
  want. Your pay will be slightly above what a normal doctor would earn, but
  your accommodation here and all bills would be free, so you should &#64257;nd
  you will be substantially better off here. Does that interest you?" John
  laid out all the details in one short speech.  
I nodded, the terms of the job sinking in fast enough that I knew I would
  not &#64257;nd a better offer any time soon.  
"So here's the possible complication. The people who live here are myself,
  and eight other women, two of whom you've already seen in the entrance hall.
  They are kept women, for want of a better term. I pay them a wage to live here,
  cook, clean, and provide a variety of... personal services. To be blunt, your
  job is to keep them all healthy, and verify that we are all free from sexual
  diseases and the like. The kind of services they offer can lead to injuries &ndash; the
  sort I would not want them to go to a normal doctor with. Does this put you
  off?"  
I think as I sat there, letting this sink in, I did not appreciate the full
  consequences of what John was saying. Or maybe I did, and that's why I took
  the job, because I felt a doctor was needed. My reasons for accepting the job
  are all blurred now with my reasons for keeping the job later on. Whatever
  the reason, I accepted the job offer and within a week I was moving myself
  in to a room in a remote wing of the mansion.  
John left for a twoweek business trip the day after I arrived. Before he
  went, he made sure that I was settled in, and introduced me to the girls. He
  impressed upon me that if I wanted, I could partake of the services of any
  of the girls. "With the money I pay them, I'm sure going from one up to two
  clients would not be an inconvenience," I remember him saying, accompanied
  by a knowing wink. I politely refused. I can't say exactly why I did. Maybe
  it was because I did not think his offer was one he wanted me to accept.
  Possibly it was because at that stage I was too prudish to consider sex with
  'lowly' prostitutes, or that I did not want to sleep with women I had only
  just met. I think it was a combination of all those factors, along with the
  fact that I was only recently graduated, and hence still present in my mind
  was the fact that a doctor was not supposed to have relationships with his
  patients.  
I should probably spend some time describing the girls, or at least summarising
  them. There was Rebecca, Chloe, Joni, Kim, Lila, Helen, Lucy and Tamsin. Rebecca
  was a black girl, with long straight ravenblack hair, who was guardedly friendly
  on &#64257;rst meeting me. Chloe was a bubbly girl with short dyed blonde hair
  in a bob. Joni was a young girl with long straight brown hair and a welcoming
  smile. She did not look as young as Tamsin however, who I was convinced at &#64257;rst
  was too young to vote, let alone be involved with this sordid arrangement.
  She had a face of a twelve year old, and long hair that fell somewhere between
  brown and blonde, that was often tied up into twin plaits, which made her look
  even younger. Kim was a striking natural athletic blonde, who did not seem
  interested in meeting me. Lila was a softly spoken beauty, probably the prettiest
  of all the girls and subtly, charmingly seductive. Helen was a natural redhead,
  with long straight &#64258;amecoloured hair. She seemed to be hostile to me
  at our &#64257;rst meeting. Finally, there was Lucy, a Chinesedescended girl,
  who like many of the others, seemed to regard me as someone to watch with a
  cautionary eye. Joni was one of the few who seemed pleased to meet me, and
  so I gathered much of my initial information about the place from her.  
"How did you all end up here?" I asked her soon after I had arrived, when
  we were both sitting on the bed in my room.  
"Most of us were prostitutes, before we ended up here. And when you're out
  on the street looking for business from anyone, a cosy deal like this with
  a constant stream of money, and only one guy seems heavensent. I started out
  hooking up with guys for money to pay for university, and luckily found John
  fairly quickly, after only a few guys. Not like Rebecca, Tamsin, Kim and Lucy.
  They had all been doing it for years, but John made them this offer and
  they accepted. Though I gather Tamsin used to make a bucket load of money out
  on the street, 'cos of how young she looks. Guys like that sort of thing."  
"How young is she?" I asked.  
"Oh, she's about twenty, twentyone. She started when she was seventeen though,
  she told me. As for the rest, Lila and Chloe were both just fairly normal girls
  that John met, and liked, and persuaded to accept his offer. Helen used
  to do porn, until John saw her on &#64257;lm and decided he wanted her for
  himself. He pays a lot, you know. Money talks." I declined to enquire how much
  money they got paid, but I suspected it was noticeably more than he was paying
  me, and with the same perks of free accommodation.  
"So what does John do with you, if you don't mind me asking? I mean for one
  thing, eight women seems a few too many for just one man. Is it just for variety?"  
"Yeah variety, and to let us rest. I mean, he won't do anything with us if
  we're on our periods, so that's usually one or two of us out of the picture
  in any given week. He can drive us quite hard sometimes, so we need a few day's
  rest, and sometimes he'll take multiple women at once. Three at most, usually."  
I spent the two weeks of John's absence giving the girls their checkups.
  I decided to instigate fortnightly checkups, during which I would take the
  appropriate samples from each girl to send off to a lab to be analysed
  for any sexually transmitted infections or other problems. It would be expensive,
  but John had already told me he was willing to pay whatever bills I incurred.  
The evening after John returned I was sitting in my bedroom, when the buzzer
  sounded. It was connected to a button in the doctor's surgery that I had equipped
  after arriving. Having a metaphorical blank cheque had certainly made things
  easy. I had ordered an adjustable bed, a variety of painkillers, creams and
  potions for my medical cabinet, and simple things like a stethoscope, thermometers
  and so on. It was roughly what you might &#64257;nd at a local doctor's surgery.
  At the sound of the buzzer, I got up out of my chair and walked along to the
  surgery. Tamsin was sitting on the bed in an expensivelooking dressing gown,
  swinging her legs.  
"Hey Doc," she said with a smile, and jumped off the bed as I closed
  the door behind me.  
"Hello Tamsin, what can I do for you?"  
"Oh I've just &#64257;nished with John, and I wanted you to check the damage
  as it were. She nonchalantly pulled the cords of her dressing gown, and let
  it fall to the ground as naturally as she had got up off the bed. She
  had small breasts, that looked almost as young as her face suggested, a nearperfect &#64257;gure,
  and a shaven mons veneris. She spun round and I stared at her buttocks. Not
  because of how attractive her derriere was (which it certainly was), but because
  of the many bright red lacerations across it, with more further up her back
  and on the tops of her thighs.  
I opened my mouth to ask how this had happened, but I shut it as I realised
  I knew the answer. The reason John wanted a physician was not just to keep
  the girls free of disease, but also to deal with the results of his sexual
  predilections. I guess I already suspected as much, but hadn't wanted to admit
  that it was true.  
"Lie down on the bed on your front, I'll get some antiseptic soothing cream," I
  told her. Curiosity getting the better of me, I asked: "How did you get these
  exactly?"  
"I'll be here for a while right? So I may as well tell you to pass the time," Tamsin
  answered cheerily. When I said nothing, she began her story.  
"Well, John had been away from us for two weeks, and couldn't take any of
  us with him 'cos he was just so busy. But he said that during meetings he'd
  been thinking of what he wanted to do when he got home. So this evening he
  made me dress up like a schoolgirl. A lot of guys have asked for that before,
  'cos of how young I look and all. He set up one of his rooms like a classroom,
  and I had to pretend to be a real schoolgirl, with him teaching me about business.
  Every time he quizzed me and I got someting wrong, he'd get me to come up to
  the front of the class, and bend over. He'd pull down my skirt and panties,
  and he'd lash me with the cane. He kept making the questions more and more
  di&#64259;cult, so that he could punish me more. Then when he had had enough
  of that, he made me kneel down in front of him, and give him a blow job. He
  came really quickly, and I had to swallow three times, there was so much come.
  I guess he must have been saving it up huh?" Tamsin &#64257;nished, with a
  giggle.  
"I guess so," I replied as I worked away on her lash marks. The room was
  awkwardly silent.  
"So did John tell you that you couldn't have us, or what then?" Between Tamsin's
  body and youthful exuberant manner, if Joni hadn't told me the girl's true
  age, I would have sworn blind that she really was seventeen or perhaps even
  younger.  
"He told me I could ask any of you for your... company, if I wanted to," I
  informed her.  
"Ask?" Tamsin said with a giggle. "If John said that, then it wasn't like
  any of us could refuse. So what's the verdict Doc, do you want a bit of this?" She
  wiggled her ass in the air, and from where I had my head, above her legs, I
  could see her bald vulva perfectly.  
"I wouldn't be a very doctorly doctor if I accepted, now would I?" I said,
  trying to explain my refusal.  
"No, I guess not. I wouldn't mind though," Tamsin said, and the comment hung
  in the air.  
"All done," I announced presently. Tamsin got up from the bed, and put her
  dressing gown on.  
"Cheers Doc, catch you next time!" With that, she waltzed out of the room
  and down the hall. I shook my head in amazement, and smiled. Back then, I was
  still shocked by the casual attitude of the girls to the situation they were
  in. I found it hard to believe how unperturbed Tamsin was by John having just
  beaten her and then ejaculated in her mouth.  
The next time the buzzer rang, two days later, it was Rebecca who I found
  waiting for me, in a similar dressing gown to the one Tamsin had been wearing
  on her visit. Rebecca opened the top of the gown to reveal her breasts, covered
  in bruises.  
"Lie down on the bed," I told her, and I began to examine her breasts for
  serious damage. To pass the time I asked: "How did you get these?"  
"Why do you want to know? So you can beat off to it later? Or maybe
  because you want to do the same thing to me next week, once you've healed me?" Rebecca
  asked in a tired voice, without anger.  
"Just think of it as a doctor's curiosity. I'm sorry I asked."  
"You may be a doctor, but you're still a man," Rebecca said snidely, and
  nothing more was said until I had &#64257;nished my work.  
My next patient, that weekend, was Lila. Like all the girls, she arrived
  in a dressing gown. She had rope marks on her wrists and ankles, and one of
  them was bleeding. As ever, I was curious as to what had been involved in getting
  the marks. I think I was probably just trying to understand John, and why he
  did this to the girls. Lila was happy to explain, in detail.  
"It was good fun, probably worth the marks," she said with a slow smile. "John
  tied me to his cross. I don't know if you've seen it &ndash;" I shook my head. "No
  I guess you wouldn't have. It's a big metal X, that he can tie girls spreadeagle
  to. He tied me with just rope, that's why I've got the marks, because the rope
  was all that was holding me up. He blindfolded me, then brought in Lucy, who
  had to give me head. My god, is she good at that! Her tongue just goes straight
  for your clitoris at &#64257;rst, and you think she's just going to concentrate
  on there. But then she darts her tongue all around the place, which means that
  you don't come as quick, but she keeps going, and when you do &#64257;nally
  reach orgasm, it's explosive. I was moaning and groaning and squirming round
  all over the place. John must have loved it, but I wasn't doing it for his
  bene&#64257;t; Lucy just was that good.  
"When she was &#64257;nished, John took off my blindfold and put Lucy
  on the bed, face up, and spread her legs wide. He made me watch while he fucked
  her good and hard, just pounding in and out. When he was nearly there, he pulled
  out and just came all over her. Lucy had come all over her breasts, and her
  face. John just ran his &#64257;nger down the crack between her breasts and
  then walked over and smeared his come on my lips. I was getting really turned
  on because of all this, and John just smiled, and ran his hand down my chest
  and onto my pussy. Then he just rubbed my clitoris, oh it was good, until I
  came, and he let me down."  
As Lila &#64257;nished her story, I became acutely aware that it had given
  me an erection.  
"So why did you get into all this Lila?" I asked, trying to steel myself. "I
  gather you weren't like most of the others, on the streets."  
"I know it probably seems odd. Before I met John, I could have had any man
  I wanted, and I did have the best ones," Lila said con&#64257;dently, without
  any arrogance. "But John was something different. He stood up to me,
  and resisted me, and made me work to get him. It isn't like I'm in love with
  him, it's just sex, but there was something special about him. So I accepted
  his offer, &#64257;guring I could just have fun, and get money for it.
  And so far that's worked." Lila sat up smoothly on the bed, and leaned towards
  me. I became all too aware of how close this beautiful girl was to me, such
  that I could feel her breath on me, and smell her scent. "Why?" Lila asked,
  in a quietly seductive voice, "Do you want me too?"  
I took a deep breath, to try and strengthen my resolve. "Just interested," I
  said, but stammered it rather than saying it assuredly like I had wanted. Lila
  laughed, and lay back down for me to continue my work. When I had &#64257;nished,
  Lila got up to leave the room, but paused in the doorway.  
"You know where to &#64257;nd me," she said with a glint in her eye, and
  then she was gone. That night, I lay in bed masturbating to the thought of
  our earlier encounter. It was odd, I re&#64258;ected after I had &#64257;nished,
  that I was in my room alone, masturbating myself to thoughts of a woman that
  I could have gone down the corridor and asked to do it for me. Part of it was
  a general disbelief, or perhaps some measure of timidness, that prevented me
  from really thinking that I could just walk into Lila's room and tell her to
  pleasure me. The other thing was that I gained a sort of pious satisfaction
  from being tempted by these women, and yet resisting in order to uphold some
  sort of moral code.  
A few days later Chloe came to visit me, and for once a girl turned up in
  my surgery wearing more than a dressing gown.  
"Hi Dr. Tate, I wanted to ask you a question, sort of on behalf of John." Apart
  from his checkup every two weeks, I saw John very rarely, and even at the checkups
  we said little to each other. I learnt almost everything I know about John
  secondhand &ndash; through the girls.  
"Ok, ask away," I said, motioning for her to sit down.  
"John wants to hold a contest in a month's time, and he wants the loser to
  have to drink his come. But not just one load, he wants lots. Like all of it
  between now and then. So he wants to know two things. Firstly: if his come
  can be kept for that long so that it can still be liquid in a month's time,
  by freezing or whatever."  
"Yes, that would be possible, I could progressively freeze it and have it
  all liquid again when he wants it." I tried to focus on the medical side of
  this plan, and not think about the girl made to consume all of this semen that
  I would be helping to collect and preserve.  
"Ok, cool. The other thing is, what places could he collect it from that
  would be relatively hygenic?"  
"I'm not sure I understand what you're asking &ndash; do you mean in a cup,
  that sort of thing?"  
"No, not like that," Chloe said smiling. "I mean, he likes to come in all
  sorts of places. Sometimes in our cunts, sometimes on our tits, sometimes on
  our faces, and in our mouths obviously. In our asses too," Chloe added. "So
  which of those places could we collect it from that it would be relatively
  ok to drink?"  
"In an ideal world, none of them, but I doubt that's the answer you want.
  Certainly not having been in anyone's rectum. Collected from the skin would
  hold the least problems, as long as they were clean. The mouth and the vagina
  would both have a bacterial risk, but I could try and mitigate that by killing
  off the germs..."  
"Thanks Dr. Tate. I'll pass that on," Chloe said as she hopped up and left
  the o&#64259;ce, before I had even &#64257;nished. For the next month, there
  were few visits to me that did not involve John's semen in some fashion. The
  girls would walk in with a beaker of the stuff, and I would ask where
  it had been, with the varying answers of "on my tits", "in my mouth" or "spat
  out", "my pussy" or simply "inside me", and even "on my butt cheeks". Once,
  Chloe walked in, naked and holding a beaker between her legs, piping up with "almost
  all out, doctor!" and waiting for a little while before giving me the beaker.
  I duly processed and froze all the semen until a month later there was an amount
  best described as a 'mugfull'.  
By this time I had seen all the girls naked, so for the interested reader
  I feel I should make some notes on their appearance, especially since sex features
  so heavily in my tale. I will also attempt to diverge from my clinical perspective
  of the time, to give a more sexual viewpoint. Although, even if I forget my
  doctoral role, some of the girls did not really interest me so I will describe
  them &#64257;rst. Rebecca had a fairly wiry &#64257;gure, with average size
  black breasts and overlarge areolae. Unlike many of the girls, she still retained
  her full bush of wiry pubic hair, and also &ndash; I noticed during checkups &ndash; had
  quite large labia. Lucy also had quite a thin &#64257;gure. It turned out that
  Lucy was not her real name, but one she had adopted due to her resemblance
  to the actress Lucy Liu. Joni, who had told me this, said that noone knew her
  real name. She had small breasts and a slim ass, with a small triangle of pubic
  hair above her pussy. Though I gathered from Lila's story and comments from
  the other girls that Lucy's main asset was her tongue, not her body. Kim was
  another of the girls that did not catch my interest, despite the fact that
  many other men would &#64257;nd her very attractive. She was slightly taller
  than the other girls, with a very attractive face, blonde hair some girls would
  kill for, an athletic, toned body and large breasts. She styled her pubic hair
  in the pornstar 'landing strip' fashion, I noticed. The way I describe her,
  I should have been drooling over Kim but there was something about her &ndash; maybe
  her hostile manner, or the general impression that she was tired of male company &ndash; that
  meant that I did not really desire her.  
The other &#64257;ve girls were more to my liking. Chloe was fairly short,
  with short blonde hair that she was slowly growing, she informed me. Her looks
  are best described as cute, rather than gorgeous. She had full round breasts
  with perky nipples, and a &#64257;ne ass. She was totally shaven, and if such
  attributes can be applied to female genitalia, she also had a cute pussy. I
  could well understand why John had chosen to offer her this 'kept woman'
  deal. Tamsin I have already described, and I must confess that like all her
  previous clientele, I found her youthful appearance to be very attractive.  
Lila did not have the amazing body that some of the other girls, such as
  Chloe and Kim, had but she was still one of the most alluring girls. Her breasts
  were nothing special, and her ass was slightly large. Like Rebecca, she retained
  all of her pubic hair. I was always slightly wary around Lila, because I had
  a feeling that if she really tried, she would be able to successfully seduce
  me. I think she knew it too, but she did nothing about it. Helen remained an
  enigma to me. Her beautiful face, coupled with her immediately noticeable red
  hair, made her stand out from the crowd, so to speak. She never said much to
  me, and this only served to increase her attraction. Joni told me, to my surprise,
  that Helen was one of the girls John seemed to use least. Joni said she thought
  this was because John made her the offer because he wanted her from seeing
  her in porn &#64257;lms, but that once he had her, he didn't seem too keen
  on using her.  
Which brings me to Joni. She had long straight brown hair, and a pretty face
  that seemed slightly angelic, and out of place in this sordid scenario. She
  had small but perky breasts, and an appealing but unexceptional ass. She was
  shaved because, as she put it, "guys prefer that don't they?" She claimed that
  she was the least attractive girl of the eight, and had I considered this objectively
  I might have seen some truth in that, but my judgement was clouded by how well
  we got on. Where the other girls kept to themselves during the day and felt
  cliquey, leaving me as an outsider, Joni spent a lot of time with me. We would
  talk about anything, and would always have a laugh.  
This is not chronologically in the right place, since she asked after the
  contest that I have yet to describe, but Joni once asked me which girls I found
  attractive, and which I would have if I chose to, excluding herself. I admitted
  that I would have Tamsin or Chloe. I decided not to mention that I would gladly
  have Lila if she instigated it, but that I would not ask her directly.  
So, back to the matter of the mug full of come. On the morning of this much
  anticipatedevent, John came to my surgery to collect the mug, which I handed
  to him from the fridge, where it had defrosted but remained chilled.  
"Thanks for helping prepare for this over the past month," John said, holding
  aloft the clear mug of his semen.  
"That's ok," I said, not sure how to respond.  
"Usually I'm not too interested in having other guys involved with me and
  the girls, but since you've been such a help, and I'm feeling in a sharing
  mood, I thought you should come along and watch the proceedings."  
"Well, I'm not sure it would be my sort of &ndash;"  
"I wasn't asking," John said &#64257;rmly, but without malice. He smiled,
  and I got up and followed him down the hall into what I had mentally dubbed
  the 'sex wing' of the house, as I knew that was where it all took place, but
  I had yet to go. John opened double doors in to a large room where all the
  girls sat naked on a row of eight chairs. They all seemed relatively unbothered
  by me turning up, except Joni who reddened and looked away from me as I walked
  in. John motioned for me to sit in the near corner of the room by the door,
  and then turned to face the girls.  
"Ok girls, you all know what this is about. We have a mug here," John said,
  holding it up carefully for them to see, "Which one of you ladies will be downing
  in one. In order to decide who, we are going to have seven rounds. Each round
  the winner will be removed from the contest, and the girl left at the end will
  be the one to drink this. The &#64257;rst round is going to be pain endurance.
  All assume the usual position, and I will go up and down the line, lashing
  each of you. You must say when you want to forfeit the round, and stop being
  hit. Bear in mind that you will still have up to six more rounds after this
  one, so don't tire yourselves out early."  
I watched as all the girls got up simultaneously, turned round and bent over.
  Like a synchronised swimming team, I thought to myself with a smile. John did
  as he had said, walking up and down the line like a drill sargeant, beating
  each woman as he went. It was hard for me to watch, at &#64257;rst wincing
  at every lash of his cane on exposed derrieres, but I slowly became accustomed
  to the rhythmic caning.  
The girls soon divided into two groups; those that dropped out very early
  in order to save themselves for future rounds, and those that intended to win
  this round and leave early. The &#64257;rst group contained Lucy, Kim, Helen,
  Tamsin and Lila &ndash; leaving Joni, Rebecca and Chloe to contend the round.
  I could not believe the pain that these girls were enduring, and soon after
  Chloe dropped out I felt tempted to get up and tell John to stop, in case he
  permanently injured the girls. But I didn't; for whatever reason I stayed frozen
  in my seat, watching. My fears were almost con&#64257;rmed when Rebecca passed
  out from the pain. Joni was declared the winner, which caused a big smile and
  look of relief on her face, despite the pain. John ushered her towards the
  doors, and she left. I got up to go and treat my injured friend, but John gave
  me a stern look and motioned for me to sit back down, which I did.  
The next round was very similar, but this time involved the girls having
  their asses paddled rather than cropped. Still clearly sore and hurt from the
  last round, Chloe and Rebecca dropped out immediately. As in the &#64257;rst
  round, Lucy, Helen and Tamsin dropped out very quickly, leaving Kim to contest
  the round with Lila. As I had expected, Kim lasted longer, and left the contest,
  with Lila nursing an incredibly red backside.  
John announced that the next round was a deepthroating competition. He stripped
  off and produced a tape measure, and said the girl who went deepest and
  held it for thirty seconds would win. Rebecca went &#64257;rst, and she took
  an impressive amount of John's erect penis, but after twenty seconds she gagged
  and had to stop.  
"Again," John said sternly, "and this time try to last thirty seconds." Rebecca
  made another attempt, this time taking less. "Nine centimetres," John announced,
  and Rebecca went to stand by the side of the room. Probably unable to sit down,
  I thought. Each of the girls took their turn at deepthroating John, who showed
  no obvious signs of gaining much physical pleasure from the experience. In
  the end, Rebecca managed nine cm, Chloe and Lila ten, Helen twelve, and Tamsin
  eleven, but they were all beaten by Lucy, who went last and took the entirety
  of John's penis in her mouth for the thirty seconds.  
"Don't know why I bothered," I heard Helen say as she sat back down, and
  Lucy walked out of the room with a big grin.  
"Next round is a style contest," John declared. "Each girl takes it in turn
  to arrange the other four into a lesbian position. I'll score you one to &#64257;ve
  stars, and the highest scoring position wins." I must admit that this round
  appealed to me greatly, although I took care not to show it, watching seemingly
  impassively as Rebecca started the proceedings. She decided to order the girls
  into side by side 69s, with Tamsin on top of Helen, and Chloe on top of Lila.  
"Two stars," John said disappointedly. "If I'd wanted that sort of thing,
  I would have told you to do two girls at a time." The other girls clearly took
  note of his criticism. It was Tamsin's turn next. She got Rebecca to lie on
  the ground, then got Lila to sit on the black girl's face, and Helen to sit
  on Rebecca's groin. "Imagine Rebecca wearing a strapon there," Tamsin, pointing
  to the red and black tangled bush of Helen and Rebecca's pubic hair. John nodded.
  Finally, Tamsin made Chloe bend over with her pussy in Lila's face, and her
  mouth pressed against Helen's lips.  
"I call it the box," Tamsin said with a giggle, referring to the four torso's
  of the women forming a square. John smiled.  
"Four stars," he told Tamsin, who smiled back at him. Next it was Lila's
  turn. She made Tamsin lie down on her side with her legs together, and her
  hands together horizontally above her head, and explained that Tamsin was tied
  up. Then Lila positioned Rebecca lying behind Tamsin, with Chloe in front,
  noting that they were penetrating Tamsin's ass and pussy with strapons, and &#64257;nally
  added Helen with her legs wrapped around Tamsin's head, apparently forcing
  Tamsin to give her head.  
"I call it 'naughty schoolgirl gets punished'," Lila explained with a wink.  
"Very good," John said, "four stars as well." Next was Helen. She made Chloe
  lie on the ground, and made Tamsin sit on the blonde girl's groin.  
"Strapon?" John enquired, like a salesman asking what sort of stereo was
  in a car he was viewing.  
"No," Helen said, shaking her head. "Two long &#64258;exible dildos, one
  in both their cunts, and one in both their asses." John nodded, as if he had
  found his car to have a particularly good stereo. Helen then made Rebecca sit/lie
  on Chloe's face, such that Rebecca's face ended up next to Tamsin and Chloe's
  groins. "Chloe is licking Rebecca," Helen explained, "and Rebecca is licking
  both Chloe and Tamsin." Finally, Helen made Lila sit behind Rebecca, leaning
  forward. "Lila is using a strapon on Rebecca, while sliding a dildo in and
  out of Rebecca's ass, and kissing Tamsin," who was sitting on the other end
  of Chloe. These positions are hard to describe, but I hope you can visualise
  them if you read carefully.  
"Four and a half stars," John declared, beaming. Chloe was last, and arranged
  the girls all sitting down with their backs together, facing outwards in four
  directions with their mouths open. "For your cock," she explained, pointing
  at their mouths.  
"Novel," John said, "but not enough lesbianism I'm afraid &ndash; three stars.
  Which means that Helen is the winner, so she may go." Helen walked out of the
  room, winking at me as she went. Only Rebecca, Tasmin, Chloe and Lila remained.  
"Dr. Tate," John boomed, "you will help decide the next round." somehow couldn't
  believe what John had said, seeing as I was just a passive observer in all
  this, but when he turned to look at me, I knew he was serious. "Three simple
  questions," he continued, "to decide a simple round. First, who has the least
  attractive breasts?" I opened my mouth to protest that I did not want to have
  to choose among the girls like that, but thought better of it, and closed my
  mouth. I scanned along the girls chests, trying to make my decision by focusing
  solely on their breasts. Chloe's were clearly the best, so I eliminated her
  from my thinking. I could see nothing particularly wrong with Lila's, which
  left Tamsin and Rebecca. Tamsin's breasts, like the rest of her body, looked
  like they belonged to a young girl and were not yet fully developed. However,
  Rebecca's large areolae were something I found unattractive, so I chose her,
  and said as such.  
"Rebecca, you remain in the contest," John said, and Rebecca moved away from
  the other girls. "Dr. Tate, decide on the least attractive ass please." Chloe,
  Tamsin and Lila duly turned round. I tried to ignore the red marks on Lila
  and Chloe's asses, and think of them as I had seen them before in my surgery,
  unmarked. Chloe's ass was again the best, which left Lila and Tamsin. Tamsin's
  ass was a bit too small, and Lila's a bit too large. Maybe it was the lack
  of markings that convinced me, but I chose Tamsin as being better, and hence
  Lila as worse.  
"Lila," I said, and she glared at me, moving aside from Chloe and Tamsin.  
"Finally, who has the prettier face and will win the round?" John asked.
  Chloe and Tamsin turned to face me, and I studied their looks. I settled on
  Tamsin, who did indeed have the prettier face, Chloe's body attracting me more
  than her face.  
"Tamsin," I said, offered Chloe an apologetic look. Tamsin bounced
  out of the room, smiling at me as she left. Lila, Chloe and Rebecca turned
  to face John again.  
"Ok ladies, this penultimate round is the blow job round. You will each suck
  my cock for thirty seconds, however you like, in a constant rotation between
  you, and the one who makes me come will go free." The girls immediately realised
  that this was a tricky prospect, and all went slowly at &#64257;rst, none of
  them wanting to hand victory to the subsequent girl in the rotation. After
  they had each had two slow attempts, Lila decided to go for it and gave John
  an incredibly aggressive and fast blow job. Towards the end of the thirty seconds
  I thought he was going to come, his legs shaking slightly already, but he didn't.
  Instead, Chloe took over and he orgasmed almost immediately, moaning as he
  ejaculated into Chloe's mouth. She duly swallowed all of it, and left the room,
  grinning. Which left Lila and Rebecca.  
"The last round will be wrestling. No harming each other's pussies, all else
  is game. You must pin the other for three seconds," John stated. The girls
  stood there, surprised at the unexpected oder. Rebecca recovered quickest,
  and knocked Lila's legs from under her. Rebecca quickly sat on Lila's face,
  and held down Lila's torso with her hands. John counted to two before Lila
  pushed her head upwards and bit Rebeca's already lacerated behind. Rebecca
  squealed in pain, and rolled off Lila, who quickly jumped on the pained
  girl and pinned her to the ground. John counted to three, and it was all over.
  He told Lila to summon the other girls back, and the other seven girls stood
  around a slightly tearful Rebecca as John handed her the mug.  
Rebecca put the mug to her lips, put her head up, and began drinking the
  semen. It seemed to take forever, more and more of the liquid pouring into
  Rebecca's mouth, as she swallowed repeatedly. Finally she &#64257;nished, and
  put the empty mug down. Her face was at &#64257;rst one of disgust, and then
  nausea. Then she belched, which appeared to be the &#64257;nal straw. She vomited
  copiously, all over the &#64258;oor, and a little over John.  
Later that afternoon, after I had tended to all the injured girls, Joni came
  by to tell me that Rebecca had left the house, 'by mutual consent' with John,
  and apparently with an extra sum of money as compensation. I was not surprised
  by Rebecca's decision after her beating and humiliation earlier, though I hadn't
  expected John to let her leave so easily. He seemed happy enough when he came
  up to my room later that evening though.  
"Hey Simon. I've been thinking... I quite liked having an observer earlier,
  and I think the girls performed better too, knowing you were watching." I hadn't
  thought that they had taken much notice of my prescence, but I declined to
  say so. John continued: "From now on, I'm going to &#64257;lm my exploits with
  the girls. I'm going to put them on a streaming system so that you can watch
  replays from your room here, but don't tell them that yet &ndash; I want to
  surprise each of them in turn. Watch out for my shows in the next few weeks," he
  said with a wink.  
At the time I intended not to watch the videos, but curiosity got the better
  of me two days later. I followed the instructions that John had subsequently
  presented me with and found a list of videos. There was currently one item,
  merely labelled 'Chloe', with yesterday's date. I pressed play, and a video
  started, showing an empty room that I did not recognise. John entered clothed,
  following by a naked Chloe. John unzipped his &#64258;y, took out his cock,
  and began to have Chloe in a variety of positions. After ten or &#64257;fteen
  minutes he had her on the bed on her back, while he stood at the end of the
  bed pounding her.  
"Do you know what that is?" John asked as he fucked, pointing at the camera.
  Chloe looked up at it.  
"No," she answered between grunts.  
"It's a camera," John told her, and just at that moment she squealed and
  orgasmed, while John &#64257;nished himself off inside her. I wasn't
  sure if the prescence of the camera was what caused Chloe's orgasm, but as
  the video &#64257;nished I realised that my cock was decidedly hard. I watched
  the video again, masturbating myself to orgasm just as John and Chloe came
  as well. After that, I was hooked. I watched all the other videos in the next
  two weeks.  
The next girl to be &#64257;lmed was Lucy. This time when the video started,
  it was closeup, pointed at Lucy's smiling face. Then the camera looked down,
  and John's dick entered the shot. I watched as the tip of Lucy's tongue touched
  against the head of John's cock, and I realised my hand had crept down to touch
  my own cock. I stared as Lucy's tongue swirled around the big cock onscreen.
  She alternated between slowly, erotically running her tongue around the cock,
  and taking all of it in her mouth, sliding up and down its entire length. After
  a few minutes, the camera began shaking, as John came. I was close myself,
  and as Lucy opened her mouth to reveal the come on her tongue, and then swallowed
  it obviously for the camera, I spurted my own semen over my stomach.  
By that time, I was checking for new videos every evening. The next new one
  was Lila. The video started from a &#64257;xed position in the corner of the
  room, like Chloe's video. The room looked like John's o&#64259;ce, but with
  enough small differences that I realised it must be one of the other
  rooms in the house. John entered the room in his suit, and sat at his desk.
  Then Lila entered the room, also clothed like an executive. I watched captivated
  as they played out a business negotiation. Inevitably it ended with Lila 'seducing'
  John, and they fucked on the desk, her riding him hard. As always, I masturbated
  while watching the short porn &#64257;lm. I don't even remember John telling
  Lila that it was being &#64257;lmed.  
The next video was entitled 'Tamsin and Kim', featuring Tamsin sitting on
  Kim's face. John was controlling the camera, showing all possible angles. When
  the camera went near Tamsin's &#64258;ushed face, she winked or blew kisses
  at it. I didn't know whether they were for me or John, but I liked to think
  they were for me. Inevitably, the sight of the youthful girl reaching orgasm
  caused me to do the same.  
The video that followed, two days later, was entitled 'Joni'. I opened it
  with trepidation, not beginning to masturbate yet. The camera showed an empty
  table, a metre away from the camera. Joni, naked, was ushered in by John and
  made to bend over the table so that she was facing the camera. I admired Joni's
  pretty face as John bent down behind Joni, and I heard some rustling. Then
  he walked between her and the camera, and I heard more rustling, and clinks.
  As John moved out of the way of the camera, I realised he had been tying Joni
  up.  
"Do you know what that thing in front of you is?" John asked, as he walked
  offshot.  
"No, but I had been wondering," Joni replied, looking straight into the camera.  
"It's a camera," John told her as he blindfolded her, "the video from which
  will be seen later this evening by your good friend the doctor." Joni's body
  suddenly tensed.  
"I don't want him to see &ndash; not like this. Not doing this. Please can
  we stop it? I don't want him to watch &ndash;" John's response to Joni's protests
  was to insert a ball gag into her mouth. She struggled for a while longer but
  then gave up. When she had settled down John entered her from behind. From
  the vantage point of the camera, I did not actually see his dick entering her
  pussy, but I saw Joni's head jerk upwards as it did so. I watched her face
  as a blurry John in the background fucked her from behind, and listened to
  his grunts mixed in with her mu&#64260;ed cries of protest.  
"Your ass too, I think," I heard John say, and I watched Joni struggle and
  scream as he entered her ass, somewhere behind her head. I noticed a tear rolling
  down Joni's cheek. I watched this nearrape horri&#64257;ed, yet captivated.
  John pulled out of Joni and walked round between her and the camera again.
  When he moved away half a minute later, I saw Joni's face covered in come,
  dripping down her blindfold and over her ball gag.  
"I didn't want you to see that," Joni said in a trembling voice from the
  doorway. It was immediately obvious that she had been crying, and I sat up
  as she walked over to the bed. I embraced her, and she immediately burst into
  tears on my shoulder. I held her until the tears subsided enough for her to
  talk. "I didn't want you to see me... doing what I do. Like that," she said,
  pointing to the frozen image of her comestained face on the television. I immediately
  grabbed the remote and switched it off.  
"It's ok," I told her, "I don't think any differently of you." I must
  admit &ndash; that was a lie. Seeing her there like that was a shock for me,
  despite knowing that that was what she did. I just hadn't put Joni in the same
  category as the likes of Chloe and Tamsin. I spent the evening comforting Joni,
  although I didn't do a very good job of it.  
The next evening I was sitting in my room when Helen came in, and closed
  the door behind her.  
"Hi there," I said, startled by her visit. "What can I do for you?"  
"Have you watched the latest video this evening?" she asked, walking over
  my bed where I was lying.  
"No."  
"So you have been watching them all then?" she said, sitting down next to
  me on the bed.  
"Yyes," I stammered, embarassed.  
"Really?" Helen said, taking my hand and putting it in her lap. Then suddenly
  she pulled my arm across the bed, and I felt metal on my wrist. I looked up
  to see my wrist handcuffed to the bedpost.  
"What are you doing?" I asked, as Helen turned on the television. watched
  in a daze as she navigated to the latest entry, entitled 'Helen', and deleted
  it. She turned back to look at me, and my predicament began to sink in. I turned
  round to use my other hand to tug at the handcuffs for a release catch.
  Helen came over to the bed, and pulled my free hand away, before &#64257;rmly
  pulling it over to the other side of the bed and cu&#64259;ng it to the opposite
  bedpost, leaving me secured faceup on the bed. Helen placed some pillows behind
  my head, and I gradually shu&#64260;ed up the bed until I was halfsitting up.
  Helen sat crosslegged on the bed to my right.  
"I think this is a good opportunity for us to have a little talk, Dr. Tate.
  I've been keeping an eye on you." Despite my situation, I found myself admiring
  Helen. Her &#64258;amecoloured hair for some reason greatly magni&#64257;ed
  her attraction. She had a beautiful face, and seemed to be just as attractive
  clothed as she was now &ndash; in simple jeans and tshirt &ndash; as she was
  when I had seen her naked.  
"You see, I'm trying to understand you. You sit up here each evening, and
  watch videos of us girls, and masturbate, even though you could theoretically
  have any of us &ndash; if you so much as asked. So what I want to know is:
  are you voyeuristic, or are you just too scared to ask? Or maybe... you don't
  like the idea of sex with whores?"  
"Maybe it's all three?" I suggested &#64258;ippantly, though I think that
  was probably close to the truth.  
"Well," Helen said, "I'm not going to address the voyeurism, but you don't
  have to ask for this, and you don't get any choice about me being a whore." With
  that, she undid my trousers and tugged them down my legs to reveal my boxer
  shorts.  
"Wait &ndash; stop," I said nervously.  
"Why?" asked Helen provocatively. I wasn't sure whether Helen wanted to fuck
  me, or wanted to scare me into talking candidly to her. I also wasn't  
sure which one of the options I wanted.  
"What do you want from me?"  
"Maybe I want your cock," Helen said, tugging teasingly at my trousers. "Tell
  me, do you want my cunt?"  
"Yes," I admitted.  
"It seems like we have an agreement then," Helen declared as she pulled down
  my boxers to release my hard dick. I stopped resisting. Helen removed her own
  trousers and underwear, and then spat expertly on my dick, rubbing her saliva
  over the head. She straddled me, and slipped my cock inside herself so casually
  that I was surprised when I felt myself penetrating her. I groaned in pleasure.  
"How long has it been?" Helen asked.  
"Too long," was the only reply I could manage. I stared up at Helen's beautiful,
  grinning face, her red hair hanging down from her head to brush across my chest.
  Helen moved very slowly, correctly guessing that it would not take much to &#64257;nish
  me off. She kept slowly rocking backwards and forwards until even that
  gentle pleasure was prolonged enough to make me explode inside her.  
"So how did it feel to fuck a whore?" Helen asked teasingly once I had &#64257;nished
  coming.  
"Fantastic," I admitted. Helen climbed off me, letting my comesoaked
  cock slap down on to my chest. She picked up her thong and jeans, and immediately
  headed for the door.  
"Someone will be along in a minute," she said as she left. I barely had time
  to realise the consequences of my predicament before the door opened, and I
  saw Joni in the doorway. My heart sank.  
"So she did have sex with you," Joni said, without emotion.  
"She tied me up!" I exclaimed, jangling my handcuffs to demonstrate
  my point.  
"So you didn't want her to?" Joni asked, still without emotion. My subsequent
  silence spoke volumes. "I'll see you around," she said, her voice wavering,
  and she ran from the room.  
"At least let me out!" I called after her, but it was too late. I waited
  for another few minutes, and Helen reappeared.  
"Why did you send Joni in?" I asked angrily. Helen paused as she approached
  my handcuffs.  
"Do you want me to free you or not?" she asked with a raised eyebrow. I said
  nothing more, though Helen answered me anyway. "I wanted Joni to see that she
  had double standards. She fucks John, but expects you not to fuck any of us,
  except presumably her. And I wanted you to give in and admit that you wanted
  to fuck us, and for you to try it. So as far as I'm concerned, it was a total
  success. One day, you'll realise that I helped you." With hindsight, she was
  totally right. It took me a little while to accept that though, so I was still
  angry with her for a while afterwards. At least, I was angry about the Joni
  part of things for a while. It was the next morning that I forgave her for
  fucking me, and realised that she was right that I wanted it.  
I spent a day mulling over this newfound conclusion, and then the following
  morning, I plucked up some courage, and headed to Lucy's room. I think I started
  with her because I knew her least, which made her easier to approach for sex &ndash; or
  to be precise a blow job, having enjoyed her show with John. I knocked on her
  open bedroom door and walked in. Lucy looked up from her chair where she sat
  reading a book.  
"I'd &ndash; I'd like... a blow job," I said, awkwardly. Lucy stood and calmly
  walked over to me.  
"Ok," she said simply and motioned towards the bed.  
"Shall we go back to my room instead?" I offered.  
"No need," Lucy said and pulled me down onto the bed. She &#64257;shed out
  my cock from my trousers and began to work her magic. I doubt I lasted a minute
  before I came in her mouth. Having swallowed all my come, Lucy looked up at
  me.  
"Is that it, or did you want to wait and have another?" she asked, with no
  hint of sarcasm. I hurried back to my room &ndash; happy if slightly sheepish.
  I waited for another day after my brief encounter with Lucy before trying again.
  I &#64257;gured I could take my pick from Chloe, Tasmin and Lila. Joni would
  be an emotional mine&#64257;eld, I had gone with Lucy last time, and somehow
  I felt Helen would say no despite John's orders that I could have any of them.
  Kim did not really interest me and at that time I didn't want her to &#64257;nd
  out my new predilection for trying out the girls. She already wasn't keen on
  me, and I doubt demanding sex would have helped that. I settled on Chloe, and
  went down the hall to &#64257;nd her room. I knocked and Chloe opened the door.  
"Hi Chloe. I'd like &ndash; that is, I want..."  
"Me?" Chloe suggested.  
"Yes," I said, with a relieved smile. Chloe came out of her room and followed
  me back to mine.  
"So what do you want exactly?" Chloe asked cheerily as she sat down on the
  bed with me.  
"I &ndash; I don't know, to be honest. I've started... going with you girls
  and I decided on you next, but I didn't really think about exactly what I wanted.
  How about I pleasure you while I'm thinking about it?" I suggested helpfully.  
"There's an offer I can't refuse," Chloe said with a smile. She stripped
  off and lay down on my bed. I put my head between her legs, and spread
  her labia as I had done many times before for smear tests, but this time I
  dipped my head and licked Chloe's pussy. It was as pleasurable to me as if
  she had been doing the same thing to the head of my cock. I gloried in licking
  her cute pussy, and causing her to moan and squirm. I didn't care whether she
  was faking it or not; I felt like a champion lover. Whether her moans were
  genuine or not, I was sure that her orgasm was. I felt her vagina contracting
  around my &#64257;ngers, that I had by then inserted into her and was thrusting
  in and out. I guess my doctoral training is never far from my mind.  
Chloe rolled over on to her front. "So what do you want now?" Chloe asked.  
"I think that may be all for now," I said, pleased at my accomplishment.  
"Are you sure?" Chloe said, wiggling her ass as Tamsin had once done in my
  surgery.  
"Maybe I could be persuaded," I answered, tearing my clothes off. I
  lay on top of her, and slipped my dick inside her waiting pussy, feeling the
  tightness of it around my cock, and her ass pressing against me.  
"So what's the verdict doctor?" Chloe asked, her head turned to one side
  to avoid a mouthful of pillow.  
"Heavenly," I replied as I began to thrust. The interesting thing about wet
  dreams, I had always thought, was that the sex in the dream was better than
  sex was in real life. Or at least I used to think that, before I had sex with
  Chloe. It was simply amazing, thrusting into her tight pussy as I admired her
  attractive body. Now that I was becoming used to being frequently sexually
  active, I found that I was able to last longer and thus enjoy the amazing pleasure
  a little while longer than I might have done a few weeks before. I &#64257;nished
  with a loud moan, and pulled out, rolling over and lying panting on the bed.  
"So which other girls have you had already?" Chloe inquired as she rolled
  back over and grabbed a tissue to collect my come as it ran out of her vagina.  
"Helen, and Lucy."  
"And who do you plan to have next?"  
"Tamsin. Maybe Lila &ndash; I'm not sure yet."  
"Why not?"  
"I always thought that she would seduce me, you know. Just asking her for
  sex is too straightforward. Too boring I guess."  
"Was I boring?"  
"Not in the slightest," I said, feeling a wide grin creeping across my face.
  Chloe laughed, dressed, and left the room with a wink and a promise to see
  me again soon.  
I was still keeping up my doctorly duties at this point of course, but it
  was almost as if I had forgotten that John could also take his pick of the
  various beauties. I saw Joni around, and did her checkup, but we said nothing
  to each other. I didn't know if she knew of my exploits with the other girls
  and I didn't care. As far as I knew, John was still videoing his sessions with
  the girls, but I never watched them &ndash; not wanting to see what he was
  doing with the girls, who I was increasingly coming to think of as 'my girls'.  
Two days after Chloe, I took Tamsin back to my room. "So what would you like?" she
  asked as she bounded on to my bed. "Virgin, schoolgirl, or virgin schoolgirl?"  
"How about just being a real woman?" I suggested. Tamsin sat up and kissed
  me, before pulling away with a smile.  
"Sounds great," she told me, and got down on her hands and knees, naked.
  I entered her from behind, admiring her small ass as I reached round it to
  begin rubbing her clitoris with my &#64257;nger. This met with moans of approval
  from Tamsin, and I made sure that she came before I concentrated on my own
  orgasm, grabbing her hips and slamming my cock in and out, watching it slide
  backwards and forwards beneath her cute exposed asshole. I came with one last
  long thrust, and pulled out. Tamsin lay down and rolled on to her front.  
"That was fun, Doc. You shouldn't have waited so long to try us out."  
"You're probably right," I said with a smile.  
I then waited a few more days while I planned my next adventure. gathered
  some equipment from the various sex rooms around the house and went into Kim's
  bedroom.  
"What do you want?" Kim asked in a slightly tired voice.  
"You don't like me, do you Kim?" I asked.  
"No, I don't like you."  
"I want those to be the last words I hear from you for now," I said, and
  threw her a ballgag. I was trying to sound authoritative but my heart was pounding
  fast, afraid that she would refuse and get me &#64257;red for taking things
  too far. Kim looked at me, trying to discern if I was serious. I made a 'go
  on' motion, afraid to speak in case my voice trembled. Kim put the gag on and
  I admired my new slave while I calmed down; a pink rubber ball &#64257;lling
  her mouth and a puzzled look in her eyes. I had intended to blindfold her as
  well but looking at her then, I decided that being able to see her eyes was
  probably more fun.  
I handed Kim an in&#64258;atable butt plug and some lube. She understood
  what I wanted and lay down on the bed, pulling off her jeans and underwear
  before lifting her legs above her head to reveal her nearbald pussy and her
  desireable asshole. Kim expertly lubed herself and the plug, and inserted it
  quicker than I had expected. I pumped the plug up a few times until Kim gave
  a mu&#64260;ed cry for me to stop, then added two more pumps and turned the
  vibrations on.  
I handed Kim some handcuffs. "Behind your back," I told her, and she
  obeyed. I climbed on to the bed and hovered over her on my hands and knees.
  She had a fearful look in her eyes. I slowly moved my head down to hers and
  kissed her on the forehead. Then I slowly moved down her body, kissing and
  caressing her as I went. I did not do what I was tempted to &ndash; namely
  concentrating on her breasts and pussy. I caressed her sides, and kissed her
  stomach, and worshipped her legs. Kim slowly relaxed to my touch, and seemed
  to begin to enjoy it.  
There were a couple of reasons for my choice of action. My initial thought
  was that this display would probably be the most unexpected (and slightly humiliating)
  thing when she expected a rough and violent scene. But I also wanted to prove
  to her that I wasn't all bad, and perhaps win her over a little, however unlikely
  that sounds now.  
When I &#64257;nished, I de&#64258;ated the butt plug and turned off the
  vibrations. I lifted up Kim's legs and gently pulled the plug out. I quickly
  stripped off, making no fuss. I lubed up my erect cock, put Kim's legs
  over my shoulders, and slowly entered her ass as gently as I could. I then
  just knelt there, not thrusting, using my hands to play with her pussy. Through
  a patient mixture of rubbing her clitoris and sliding my &#64257;ngers in and
  out of her, I was able to make her come twice. After Kim's second powerful
  orgasm I slowly thrust away until I reached my own, coming in her ass &ndash; despite
  a sudden desire to pull out at the end and spray my come all over her chest.  
I pulled out of Kim's ass and released her from the handcuffs. She
  went to remove the gag but I grabbed her arm to stop her.  
"Not until I've left," I told her, then redressed and left. I saw Kim the
  next day for her checkup, but neither of us mentioned our session the previous
  day.  
So that was the situation, a few months &ndash; or was it more? I've lost
  track of dates &ndash; in to my stay at John's house, at which point I decided
  to go on holiday for a few weeks. I did not expect at that time that when I
  returned things would be forever different...  
If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want more, send me an email:
  somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





