BDSM Library - Cheerleaders' Rape and Torture




Cheerleaders' Rape and Torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the story of 5 high school Cheerleaders' who get lost and have their car breakdown, only to have a friendly garage owner "help" them out and turn them into slaves. Cheerleaders' Rape and Torture  
This is the story of 5 high school Cheerleaders' who get lost and have their
  car breakdown, only to have a friendly garage owner "help" them out and turn
  them into slaves. Thanks for reading&hellip;Semiater (semiater@yahoo.com)  
 Cheerleaders' Rape and Torture  
 Chapter One  
It was a crappy night out, raining, cold, all and all miserable. The funny
  thing is, I wasn't even supposed to be at the shop. It's my garage, but I have
  a guy that runs the place for me, and I usually sit at home "managing" from
  a far. It's a good life, I can't complain.  
I was sitting at the counter watching some of the Monday night football game.
  I was in the shop trying to get a bunch of paper work done, and I ended up
  staying late. Everybody else was gone and wouldn't be back in till morning,
  and the game had already started, so I figured I'd stick around till half time,
  and then head home after that.  
 I was pretty pissed when I heard the knock on the window, I figured it was
  some idiot thinking I'd turn on the pumps so they could get some gas. I never
  would have answered the door but I knew they could see me behind the counter,
  since I'd forgot to drop the blind on the window like I should have.  
 When I got to the door I saw these two cute girls, all decked out in their
  high school cheerleading outfits, wearing those little white shoes, and the
  short skirts. The two must have been cold, they barely had anything on in the
  way of clothes, and the way it was raining, they looked like drowned rats,
  but cute little drowned rats.  
 I could feel the aching in my loins immediately as I opened the front door,
  hell, I thought I might get a blow job out of it at least.  
 "Thanks Mister, our car broke down and our cells don't work out here." I
  led the pair into the shop, making sure to close the blind so nobody else could
  see inside now.  
 "Do you think we could use your phone?"  
 "Well, what's wrong with your car, want me to tow it in and see if I can
  do anything with it?" The two girls looked at each other, they were so cute,
  and the way the rain trickled down their foreheads, I could almost imagine
  their matted hair having been caused by a long fucking session, at least I
  wished it had.  
Even under the little vest of their uniforms I could see they both had great
  bodies, young, lithe bodies. They both looked to be about 17 or 18.  
 "What are you doing out tonight, its horrible weather." I had to make sure
  nobody knew where they were, or that they had called anybody yet about the
  car, my mind was already concocting plans.  
 "We had a football game in Ada, we drove instead of riding on the bus, and
  then on the way home, we must have turned down the wrong road, and, well we're
  lost." The girl was obviously a little scared. It only made my balls ache even
  more.  
 "What's wrong with the car?"  
 "I don't know, we were driving along, and then hit this big puddle, and
  it kind of died."  
 "Hum. Where's it at?"  
 "Well, it's down this road," she pointed to the west, "and then there is
  this sign with a big windmill on it, and we're down the road there."  
 "How the hell did you get on that road? It's a dead end that leads to nowhere." I
  had to do everything to cover up my smile, I knew exactly where they were talking
  about, and there wasn't anything up the road, nobody would have driven past
  them and seen them there."  
 "I don't know, we turned down there thinking it was the way to the highway,
  then we'd got to the dead end, we were coming back and hit this huge pothole
  puddle thing, and then the car kind of died." I could see the girl shivering
  as she recounted the story for me.  
 "Please mister, could you give us a tow and see if you could get it started." She
  pulled out her wallet and flashed a couple credit cards.  
 "So nobody knows you're out this way, and you said your phone doesn't work?" It
  was probably a little bit risky to ask so explicitly, but I had to know, and
  my mind was racing with plans. Like I said, I've got a pretty good life, I've
  got the only shop for a 20 mile radius, I do lots of work on tractors and farm
  equipment, I've got other people to do the work, so I have a lot of free time.
  I've had the place for 15 years, inherited it from my dad when he passed, and
  now I've expanded it to a huge business, junk yard, little bit of a dealership,
  you know, man of all trades and hard work equals success kind of thing.  
 "No mister, we got lost. We were following the team bus, but in the rain
  and everything, we kind of lost them. Our phones don't work out here." I knew
  there wasn't a cell phone tower for 50 miles, not many of the farmers had use
  for them so they were never built, to my great joy.  
"We walked all the way here and didn't see a soul. Mister, we've got 3 friends
  still sitting in the car, it's cold out, could you please go pick them up?
  Please?" Though she was young, the girl obviously was well practiced in using
  the pouting look to get men to do things for her.  
 "My name is Pat." I extended my hand.  
 "I'm Tara, and this is my friend Lisa." Tara was probably 5'8", she had
  long straight blonde hair, at least it would be straight again when it dried.
  The way she did all the talking, I kind of figured she was the captain of the
  squad, probably the most popular girl in school, and girl most jacked off to
  girl in classmate fantasies.  
Lisa, the other girl, she wasn't quite as tall, maybe 5'6", her breasts seemed
  to be larger, the curve of her outfit at least gave that indication. Lisa's
  hair was blonde too, but it looked to be via the hairdresser, and not natural.  
 "Hi, Tara, Lisa, I guess it's your lucky night. I should have been out of
  here a couple hours ago, but I stayed late to do some paperwork, and boom,
  you come along. Let's see what I can do for you." I had them in my grasp, I
  could see the relief in their eyes, they actually thought they had been incredibly
  lucky, in a few hours, they'd know the truth, that I was the lucky one that
  night.  
 "You said you've got three friends in the car still?"  
 "Yeah. It's cold out their."  
 "Well, I can't fit you all in the truck when I pick up the car, so do you
  mind staying here? Then I'll bring them back and see what I can do about your
  vehicle?"  
 "Oh that would be great mister."  
 "Here, why don't you set all your bags behind the counter here and I'll
  take you down into the lounge and you can warm up and relax. You can call your
  parents from there if you want." I handed each of the girls a towel from the
  shelf. I made sure that they left all their stuff behind the desk, even though
  I knew their phones wouldn't work here I didn't want to take chances.  
 "Just follow me." I led the girls through one of the "employee only" doors,
  then down into the pit, though they didn't know it was the pit, at least not
  yet.  
 "Sorry about the dirt and grime, this is a working garage and the lounge
  is kind of hidden away." I turned on as few lights as possible so they wouldn't
  get too nervous. When I got them to the pit door, I knew I was set. "Just head
  into the lounge and I should be back in a few minutes with your friends." I
  didn't turn the lights on till they were well inside and I'd slammed the door
  shut. I could hear them screaming instantly when they saw their surroundings,
  I loved it. I knew they were seeing the inside of the oil pit, the car parked
  over head, and I knew they had to know what was happening now.  
I rushed upstairs into the garage. The girls' voices were shrill, and I could
  hear the fear clearly in their screams. I peered under the car, I could just
  barely see the two there. There was no way they could get out, the pit was
  a good 7' deep, and there was a car parked over top, so as young and flexible
  as they might be, they weren't getting out of there.  
"Girl's" I tried to address them, but they were screaming loud and couldn't
  hear me. I let them wail for a few minutes more.  
"Please mister, please, please, let us go, please&hellip;" I didn't bother
  to respond to their pleas, I just waited for them to go quiet. They continued
  to sob as I started speaking.  
"Don't worry girls, I'll be back soon enough with your friends. I apologize
  that it's kind of dirty down there, but let me take care of your car, get your
  friends in line, and then I'll take you to a nice warm place, be patient. We'll
  have a good time after that."  
"Pleaaaaasssseeee!" I could hear them crying out to me as I hopped in the
  rig and started off to pick up their friends. I guess it was a little cruel,
  but I turned off all the lights in the garage, only the florescent glow of
  the sign gave off any light at all. I can just imagine them huddling together.
  Hell, in a week or so, if everything goes right, I think I'll have those to
  do more than just huddle together.  
I couldn't help but rub my dick as I drove to the spot where Tara said they
  broke down. Believe me, I've never done anything like this before. Oh, sure,
  I've got a blowjob or two from a grateful girl with a broken down car, hell,
  I fucked a couple, but I've never thought of doing anything like this. But
  the opportunity is just too damn good. I mean, five girls, five teenage cheerleaders
  at that, hell, how lucky can you get?  
The car was right where I thought it would be. I didn't bother to turn on
  the flashers, and I cut the headlights as quick as I could, no use drawing
  any attention to myself, even though I know nobody would see me. The road connected
  to one of Old man Patterson's back fields, and there isn't a house for a mile
  around, the girls had done a good job getting off the main road for me.  
I had to knock on the window, the girls in the car were too afraid to get
  out on their own.  
"Hi there, my name is Pat, Tara and Lisa sent me to pick you up and see if
  I could get your car running back at the shop." I saw the ease flash over their
  eyes when I told them Tara and Lisa had sent me.  
"Why don't you three go hop in the truck, the heat is on, it's probably a
  little more comfortable than the car. Just leave your bags in here though,
  there isn't a lot of room in the cab, we'll get to the station and straighten
  everything out there." I love trusting kids. I was even more pleased that my
  three newest captives were equally as beautiful as the first two. I didn't
  get names, but there was another blonde, one of those tall thin girls, probably
  5'8", and she was absolutely stunning, and seeing her, it was pretty damn hard
  covering up my erection. A whole world of ideas flashed through my mind when
  I watched her climb out of the car.  
There was also a brunette. She was probably only about 5'2", maybe 5'3",
  though, when I get her into some high heels, she'll definitely look pretty
  hot. I couldn't tell for sure in the dark and the uniform, but she looked like
  she had big tits.  
The third girl was a redhead, not fiery red hair mind you, it was more soft,
  almost a strawberry blonde, just the way I like them. She looked to be about
  5'6", and her body looked incredible, thin, decent breasts, long legs. I'd
  sure got lucky, whatever school they were from produced some hot cheerleaders.  
I walked the girls up to the cab and helped them up. I don't think they even
  minded that I touched their asses as I got them in.  
"You can see if you can get something on the radio, you might be able to
  get a station, the two-way is down though." It was only down because I'd disabled
  it, I didn't want to give them any ideas at all to try and call for help.  
It's amazing how fast you can get something done when you're dick is demanding
  you get the girls home. I got their car up on the flatbed in record time. I
  brought along a cover just in case. I knew I would dump the car in the junkyard
  tonight, then crush it tomorrow or the next day. I was already thinking about
  getting Jim&mdash;my manger&mdash;out to the house to help with the girls,
  hell, I might even offer him one of the girls for his own.  
I hopped back into the cab, I didn't even care if they saw the bulge in my
  pants at that point, though I don't think they did.  
"Hey girls, I think we're all set. I think I can get your car fixed tonight
  and then get you on your way." I popped the truck into gear and started off
  for the shop. I couldn't wait to get back.  
"So we weren't properly introduced. Again, my name is Pat." The brunette
  was pressed so close against me I could feel the heat of her body. I 'accidentally'
  grazed her thigh as I got the big truck up to speed on the highway. The blonde
  spoke first.  
"My name is Monique."  
"I'm Emily." I liked the strawberry blonde already, and I loved the name.  
"I'm Jayme." Taking a look now the brunette definitely had big knockers.
  It was hard to keep my mind on the road when I started thinking about what
  I could do to those tits.  
"We should be back at the shop in a couple minutes." I'd already decided
  I'd take the truck and their car into the back garage, we used it for storage
  mostly, but it would be the best place to unload. Once I closed the door there
  wouldn't be anyplace for the girls to run, which was perfect.  
I pulled the rig into the garage without incident. I'd decided I'd get them
  out of the truck and walk them over to the tool cage, it would be a good place
  to hold them till I got their car dumped in the junk yard.  
"Girl's, I'm going to drop you off here for the moment, see that cage over
  against the wall? There is a door inside that leads to a nice lounge, that's
  where Tara and Lisa are. Then I'll get your car up on the hoist and see what's
  wrong with it. Okay?"  
"Sure, that sounds good. Do you think we could call our parents to tell them
  what's up?"  
"Yeah, that's not a problem, though I think Tara and Lisa said they were
  going to tell everybody where you were when they called home. There is a phone
  in the lounge, so you can call if you want anyway." I helped the girls out
  of the cab, copping a feel just for the hell of it, though soon enough, I knew
  I'd be able to do whatever I want with them.  
I led the girls over to the cage, I had to undo the padlock for them, I don't
  think they suspected anything at all. I was such a gentlemen, letting them
  all go first, I don't think they had a clue what was up till I slammed the
  door shut and put the padlock back on.  
"Whaaa&hellip;" Monique couldn't even finish her cry, it was classic. I think
  for the first time they realized that the cage was just that, 4 walls, and
  a fenced in ceiling, there was no door to a lounge anywhere.  
"What are you doing, let us go. Where are Tara and Lisa???" The three girls
  were so cute in their little cheerleading outfits, I almost just wanted to
  stare at them for awhile, but already I was getting sick of their screaming.
  Jayme had hold of the fence and was trying to rip through it, but I knew she
  wasn't going to get anyplace.  
"Let me take care of your car, then a little later we'll head off to my house
  for a good time." I knew it would make them scream more, but it was kind of
  fun. I liked making them even more scared, and I still had a lot to take care
  of before I could get them home for the real events I planned.  
I hopped in the cab and started backing the rig out of the garage. My mind
  was racing. I already knew where I'd keep the girls till I got things really
  fixed up. I'd bought my house a number of years ago, the place was huge, and
  in the basement the previous owners had run a dog breeding business. There
  were still like 10 kennels down there, and a bunch of dog cages used for transport.
  I'm so glad now I'd procrastinated on getting rid of the crap. I'd been meaning
  to do it for years, but now, it turned out to be the perfect spot to keep them
  until I got the basement finished up just like I dreamed of. I think there
  are even some dog whips and leashes down there. I'll probably have to do some
  shopping on the net for all the other toys I'd love to use on the girls, but
  I think I'll have enough to keep them occupied for awhile.  
I took their car out to the back part of the junkyard, really it's not even
  the junkyard, it's this fenced in area out by the trees. Nobody ever goes out
  there, and with the cover on, I should have a couple days easy to crush the
  thing.  
After I dumped the car off and locked the fence up again, I drove back into
  the front garage and parked. I'd pulled all the girls' crap out of their car
  already, I knew I'd probably have to have a good old bonfire one of these nights.  
I heard Tara and Lisa screaming in the pit as I moved their stuff from under
  the counter.  
"I'll be right with you girls. I picked up your friends. They're doing fine,
  they're out in a cage on the back lot."  
I walked into the office and got a huge duffle bag, I dumped all the girls'
  stuff in and then put it in my truck. It was going to be a tight fit in the
  cab, even though I had a quad cab. Hell, then I realized I might as well put
  the girls in the bed, I've got a cover, maybe the cold would get them a little
  more in the mood to behave when I get them home?  
I went into the shop and grabbed a handful of nylon ties, they'd be good
  to bind the girls' wrists with.  
"Hey Tara, Lisa, it's almost time to take you to my place." I could hear
  them blubbering in the pit. It was kind of fun to make them scared. I almost
  couldn't believe I was doing this, it's not like I'd planned it or anything,
  but when 5 beautiful teenage cheerleaders fall into your lap so perfectly,
  what else can you do? Serendipity, you've got to love it.  
I went out to my truck and laid an old sleeping bag in the bed. I had the
  nylon ties and I grabbed some duct tape to gag the girls' mouths' with. I'd
  already got all their possessions in the truck and hidden their car, I didn't
  have to worry about security tapes or anything like that. There are some nice
  things about living in a small town, crime isn't really a problem so we'd never
  bothered to invest in cameras, or anything like that at the shop. Well, crime
  was low, with the exception of me and 5 kidnapped girls now.  
I put my head under the car that covered the pit. I could hear Tara and Lisa
  balling, they tried to beg me to let them go, but I had no desire to listen.  
"Girl's, it's time to head home. We're just going to have a little fun, and
  then everything will be all right." I lied, but it doesn't really matter. "I'm
  going to open the door to the pit, I want you, Tara, to come out first. Don't
  think about doing anything stupid, just behave and everything will be all right.
  I want you to walk to me, I'm going to put a nylon strap around your wrists
  and then gag you with a bit of tape. After that, when I call for you, Lisa,
  I want you to come out and I'll bind you too." I listened to them sob, it was
  joy to my ears.  
"Have you girls ever heard of a tazer?" I paused, letting them think about
  what I said.  
"One of the farmers left one here at the shop a time ago, it's for use on
  cattle. If you get any ideas, well, I'll have to use it on you, and I don't
  think either of you would like that." I held the cattle prod over the pit and
  pushed the rubber button, a glorious blue arc of electricity shot from the
  points of the prod. I don't know if I'd really have the heart to use it on
  one of the girls, but I think the threat was all they needed.  
I went down to the pit and opened the door slowly.  
"Tara, I want you to come through the door, walk towards my voice, keep your
  hands up behind your neck. Understand?" I could hear her sniffle out a response.
  I saw her shadowy figure move down the narrow hall from the pit. When she reached
  the stairwell I had her get to her knees. I was a little disappointed she didn't
  fight more as I pulled her hands into the small of her back and zipped off
  one of the nylon ties, I pulled it tight, I'm sure it hurt, but I didn't want
  her going anyplace. She tried to beg me to let her go before I put the tape
  over her mouth, but I really didn't feel like listening. With my hand up under
  her elbow I moved her up the stairway and left her at the top of the steps.  
"Lisa, it's your turn. Be a good girl like Tara and everything will be all
  right." I saw Lisa emerge from the pit door. My dick was aching. I thought
  I might cream my shorts, but I managed to get Lisa bound and gagged without
  making a real mess.  
Once I had the two at the top of the steps it was easy. I had the truck parked
  just out the back door where there were no lights. I picked up each girl and
  tossed her onto the rolled out sleeping bag. Before closing the lid on the
  bed I decided to put a nylon tie around each of the girl's ankles.  
I could barely see them in the dark, but I loved the gentle, desperate mewing
  I heard. I shut the cover on the bed and drove into the back garage, ready
  to pick up my three passengers from the cage.  
I was damn near ready to blow with anticipation by the time I got to the
  back garage. I couldn't stop thinking about the two girls lying in the back
  of my truck. God they looked so cute in their little cheerleading outfits.
  I was having a hard time deciding which girl I was going to take first. I planned
  to take all of them in turn, and I hoped at least a couple were virgins still,
  but who knows anymore? If nothing else I'm sure none of them had been taken
  anally yet, and I can just imagine how tight their asses are. Oh I can't wait
  to hear them scream as I force my prick up their cute little butts.  
The three girls in the cage were yelling when I pulled the truck in. I didn't
  even try to cover up my erection when I started toward them.  
"What are you doing? What are you doing? Let us go, please!" Jayme's scream
  echoed through the large back garage. I couldn't wipe the smile off my face
  as I moved towards them.  
"Girls, girls, I know you can't wait, but it's only going to be a few minutes
  more." I held the cattle prod up for all of them to see.  
"Do you know what a cattle prod is?" I pushed the button and the spark arced
  from the two points.  
"I want you all to get on your knees and put your hands up behind your head.
  I'm going to come in there and put a nylon strap around your wrists. Don't
  think about doing anything heroic, otherwise you'll get to feel this prod,
  and from what I've heard, it's not too pleasant an experience." I stood outside
  the cage waiting for the girls to put their hands up behind their heads. They
  were all sobbing, I loved the way their bodies shuddered. Monique was the first
  to obey, she hesitantly put her hands up behind her head, her gaze was locked
  on me the whole time. I knew then, looking into those big hazel eyes, she was
  going to share my bed tonight.  
"Come on girls, be good like Monique and put your hands behind your head." When
  I pushed the button on the prod again, the other two girls moved their hands
  up behind their necks.  
"Good girls. Now sit still and we'll get you home." I failed to mention it
  was my home, though I think they were getting the idea now.  
They were all sobbing hysterically as I unlocked the door to the cage and
  walked in. Even if they fought, I knew I could overpower them. I'm not the
  smallest guy in the world. Yeah, I'm a little out of shape, but not too bad.
  I'm 6'1" and 250, I know what you're thinking, 250, that's more than a little
  out of shape? Well, put it this way, I used to be big into weightlifting, and
  I still put up my fair share, so it's not like its all fat, and I know I could
  take all three girls if I needed to, but I didn't think it would come to that.
  Not the way their bodies trembled, and not based on the volume of their cries,
  they sounded too desperate to put up that much of a fight.  
I grabbed for Jayme's wrists and pulled them into the small of her back,
  the nylon band went easily around her tiny wrists and I cinched the plastic
  tight.  
"Pleeeaaaasseee." She could barely stutter out the words. I tore off a piece
  of duct tape and sealed it over her mouth, I enjoyed the break from her cries.
  I rubbed her long hair and bent down to whisper in her ear.  
"We're going to have a lot of fun princess, just relax."  
I had hold of Emily's wrists, I put the nylon band on, pulling it tight so
  there was no way she could get out. Her lips were trembling, and the tears
  streaked down her cheeks as I put the tape over her mouth.  
Monique's whole body shook as I put the plastic around her wrists. I reached
  around her and cupped her breasts through the cheerleading outfit, they weren't
  huge, but even through the fabric I could tell they were perfectly formed,
  and so young and taut. I pressed my hips into her back. I could hear her whimper
  louder as my hard cock touched her body. I cut another piece of tape and pressed
  it tight over her mouth.  
"It's time for you to meet up with Tara and Lisa again, they're in the back
  of the truck." I helped Monique from her knees and started leading her out
  of the cage toward my truck. I let the tailgate down, then lifted up the cover
  on the bed. After the initial period of squinting against the lights, I loved
  the look of shock on Tara and Lisa's face as they saw Monique there, the tape
  over her mouth and her hands bound behind her back.  
"I told you I'd go pick up your friends, I'll get Jayme and Emily in a second." I
  put my hand up between Monique's legs, I could feel the gentle bulge of her
  sex as I lifted her up into the bed. I helped her into position next to Lisa.  
Stepping back, I loved the way the three looked laid out in the back of the
  truck. I wrapped a tie around Monique's ankles so she couldn't hope of getting
  away. I loved the way their bodies twitched uncontrollably in fear.  
"Let me go get your friends and we'll get out of here." I hopped off the
  tailgate and went to get Jayme and Emily. They were still on their knees, their
  big eyes followed my every move. I helped them up and held their elbows tight,
  I pushed them towards the truck, my dick was about to explode. I was tempted
  as hell to just take one of them there, to drop those cute little panties and
  ram home, but even though I knew nobody would come in, I thought it wiser to
  get them to my house, then I could have all my fun in the privacy of my own
  place.  
It was kind of a tight fit to get all 5 girls into the back of the bed. I'd
  debated whether I should put a blanket over them or let them feel the chill
  of the night air, in the end I decided to keep them a little warm, I tossed
  an old blanket over top of the three writhing girls.  
 I stood there looking down on them.  
 "Don't worry girls, we should be home in about 10 minutes. Believe me, I
  can't wait." I couldn't stop smiling. My brain was racing, all the things I'd
  ever fantasized about, now I was going to make it happen. I'd experimented
  a little with BDSM, I had a few girlfriends over the years that liked to be
  tied up, but it was all a game, they didn't really get into it the way I'd
  wanted too, that was all going to change now. I had five slaves to do with
  as I pleased.  
 I shut the lid on the bed of the truck and slammed the tailgate shut. I
  couldn't wait to get home.  
 I went through the shop one more time. I made sure that there were no sign
  that would make the girls' presence known. I took a look at the pit to make
  sure there was nothing on the floor, or that they wrote notes on the walls.
  It took awhile, I thought my dick was going to explode, but I just wanted to
  make sure. When I finally climbed up in the cab I was dying. I couldn't even
  stroke myself through my pants, I knew if I did I'd cream my shorts, and I
  wanted to save all my cum for my new prizes.  
 The ride home was terrible. I wished the miles would melt away, it felt
  like I was high, there was so much excitement and adrenaline running through
  my body I almost felt sick. When I finally pulled my truck into the garage
  I had to just sit there for a second, I couldn't believe what I'd done, I'd
  kidnapped 5 girls, and soon, I was going to rape them all and keep them as
  my slaves. I should have felt guilty, but you know, I didn't.  
 When I got out of the truck I thought about getting the girls right then,
  but instead I went into the house. My two dogs were on me the moment I got
  through the door. I suppose they were a little anxious, I was a couple hours
  late feeding them. They were good boys, two big black labs. I'd got them both
  as puppies, and now, at 2 and a half they each weighed over 110lbs. Spike was
  the alpha dog between the two, and Shadow followed along obediently wherever
  he went.  
 I didn't bother trying to make anything up for them. I'd grilled up a couple
  steaks the night before for myself, I figured what the hell, I'd treat the
  boys to that, and then I could get my dick in Monique a lot sooner, since I'd
  decided on her. There was just something about her, the way she moved. There
  was an endearing nervousness that turned me on, I can't explain it.  
 After I'd dealt with the dogs it was off to my new prizes. I loved the way
  the five pairs of eyes followed my every move. With their hands and legs bound
  I had to slide the girls out one by one from the truck. First I put Tara over
  my shoulder and carried her down into the basement. I could hear her trying
  to beg, but the tape did an effective job of muffling anything she tried to
  say.  
 I carried Tara down the stairs, and then took her off into the unfinished
  side of the basement. I had a good 1500 sq ft of space, I'd debated for years
  what to do with it, but now it was perfect, I knew I was going to build my
  own dungeon to keep my pets.  
 I set Tara down on the floor. At first I was going to put her in one of
  the cages, but then I decided that the girls probably needed to use the bathroom.  
 "Now Tara, don't think about doing anything stupid, if you girls behave,
  you'll be all right. Do you understand?" The terrified girl nodded her head.  
 "I'm going to put you in the bathroom and then get your friends. I'm going
  to untie you, be smart, don't do anything stupid." I cut the nylon bands on
  her wrists and ankles. There was a bathroom on the unfinished side of the basement,
  obviously the previous owners had planned to finish off the apace, but never
  got around to it, just like me.  
 I shut the door and left Tara inside. I was able to make sure she couldn't
  get out by wedging the door shut. Only three more to go&hellip;  
 I was pretty damn tired by the time I got Jayme, Lisa and Emily into the
  basement. I left them all locked in the bathroom when I went to get Monique.
  I'm sure the later arriving girls might have liked some privacy when they used
  the toilet, but I wanted to get them all used to having no more rights but
  what I gave them.  
 Unlike the other girls I got Monique out of the truck and carried her into
  my bedroom. The dogs were barking and yelping at her as I carried her into
  my room, but they meant no harm. I laid Monique down on the bed and then got
  the dogs out. Seeing her there, bound as she was, I desperately wanted to fuck
  her, but I had to take care of the other girls first.  
I grabbed the sleeping bag and blanket from the truck and carried it down
  into the basement. I was pleased to see that none of the girls had taken the
  tape from their mouths when I left them alone in the bathroom.  
 "Did you all take care of your business?" I could see the tears streaming
  down their cheeks.  
 "Come on." I stood back and pointed the girls toward one of the kennels,
  they were for pretty big dogs, so they were about 6' tall, maybe 6-7' deep,
  and about 5' wide. I knew the chain link was connected well, it could handle
  150lb danes beating against it, and I knew it could handle my new pets too.  
 I tossed the blanket and sleeping bag into the cage in preparation for the
  girls.  
 "Go on, get in there." I could hear them sobbing louder as they got in the
  cage.  
 "I'll bring you down some water and something to eat in a few. You can take
  off the tape, though I don't want to hear any of your bitching." There was
  a part of me, something deep down that made me feel bad about taking the girls,
  but with the aching in my balls, I knew my guilty conscience wasn't going to
  win out.  
 I filled a couple gallon jugs full of water, then grabbed a bunch of granola
  bars and some apples for the girls. I knew they'd be fine until morning. The
  sleeping bag and blanket were big, I knew they'd have to huddle together, but
  that kind of turned me on anyway.  
Tara started to say something when I dropped off the food and water, but
  I only had to put my finger to my lip and she shut up.  
 "Have a good night sleep girls. I'll check on you in the morning, then we
  can get to know each other a lot better." I left one of the lights on across
  the way, I thought it would be a little too cruel to leave them completely
  in the dark.  
 I made up a little dinner for myself and Monique. Nothing flashy, just some
  chicken and a salad, though I am a pretty damn good cook this was something
  just to tide us over.  
 Monique started whimpering when I walked in the door. I set the tray of
  food next to her on the bed, but I wasn't going to release her hands just yet.
  I lay next to her, I got close, I could feel her try to wiggle away, but there
  wasn't much she could do.  
 "So, are you hungry?" I could see her nod ever so slightly, her eyes were
  wide and locked on me. I ripped the tape from her mouth, she wailed out when
  I did, twisting her head side to side from the pain. She started to say something,
  but I silenced her immediately.  
 "You will do as I say, without hesitation. You won't speak unless I tell
  you to, and you won't do anything unless I tell you to. If you behave, I'll
  treat you well." She started to cry as I grabbed her breast, I softly massaged
  her mound through the fabric.  
 "Do you want something to eat?" She nodded. I grabbed a couple pillows and
  propped her up. I took a forkful of salad and brought it to her lips, I gave
  her a bite, then one to myself.  
 "When I have you trained, you'll feed me." I gave her a shot of juice, she
  drank it down greedily.  
 I enjoyed having control over her, even if it was just feeding her. I slid
  my hand up under her short skirt and ran my fingers over the bulge of her pussy.
  I didn't slide my hand inside her clothes, not yet at least. I knew that after
  I fed her I wanted to make her strip for me. I'd already formulated at least
  some of my plan. I loved the way I could feel her muscles tense as I moved
  my hand over her skin.  
 When we'd finished the salad, I rolled Monique over onto her belly. I cut
  the straps from her wrists and ankles, though she didn't try to even move when
  she was free.  
 "Get up, go use the bathroom, you've got 20 minutes. Don't think
    about doing anything stupid, got it?" I grabbed her by the scruff of her
    neck and lifted her head up so she was looking me in the eyes.  
  Understand?" Terrified she nodded.   
 "Good, get into the bathroom, make yourself look good." It didn't matter,
  she was naturally beautiful, and the fear, that was what had me so horny I
  couldn't even stand it.  
 The time seemed to pass so slow, I stared at the clock for about five minutes,
  but it felt like time was moving backwards. Finally I started cleaning up the
  place, I locked the phone in the end table, and hid away anything that my new
  pet could use to escape. I still had a lot of work before I could do the things
  I wanted to with my slaves in the house, but I'd have fun tonight, that's for
  sure.  
I could hear her crying when I knocked at the bathroom door.  
 "Time to earn your keep baby." It was a little crude to say, but I was desperate,
  I couldn't wait anymore. I opened the door, Monique was cowering in the corner
  of the bathroom.  
I'd already taken the liberty of stripping, and I loved the way her eyes
  focused on my prominent erection.  
 "Get out here slut." I motioned her toward me with my finger. The girl's
  whole body shuddered as she got to her feet. I thought she'd collapse to the
  ground the way her knees buckled.  
I sat on the edge of the bed and took in the glorious sight of my new pet.
  I pointed to the floor in front of me.  
"Strip for me cunt." Monique's hands shook so bad I didn't know if she'd
  be able to manage the act of stripping, but I was going to eat up her struggles.  
"Pllleeeeasssse Mister." I think she was surprised how fast I moved, I was
  up and slapped her hard across the face before she even knew what happened.
  I grabbed a handful of her beautiful blonde hair and arched her head back so
  I loomed over her.  
"I said strip for me slut. Don't ever talk back to me. If you don't strip,
  I'll do it for you, and I'll tell you this, you'll wish you'd obeyed me." I
  let go of her hair and sat back on the edge of the bed. My heart was beating
  so fast, the adrenaline was flooding through my bloodstream. I can't explain
  the feeling, but I loved it. My prick throbbed in pure excitement.  
Monique was crying as she started pulling down the zipper on her little cheerleading
  vest. What makeup she had left streaked down her cheeks. Part of me wished
  I had a camera set up, but the truth is I don't think I'd ever forget the image
  of her there.  
Monique twisted her body out of the little vest. She pulled her skin tight
  shirt out of the band of her waist. I could tell she had nice breasts, nothing
  huge, but definitely nice, and firm.  
Her stomach rippled in convulsions as she lifted the shirt up over her head.
  She tried to cross her arms over her sports bra, but I could already tell by
  what I saw, that I was going to have a great time with this girl.  
I needed only to point at her little skirt to get her moving again after
  she'd hesitated, she undid the clasp and let the fabric fall around her ankles,
  leaving her standing there in her little blue outer panties.  
"Come on, get it off!" Monique tried to delay all she could, but even she
  knew it was inevitable. She slid the outer panties over her hips till she was
  standing there in only her bra, and her cute sport panties.  
I shifted my body as if I was going to stand, Monique yelped and jumped back
  a few inches. Before I had to say anything, she started lifting her bra over
  her head. She tried to hold it over her chest for an instant, but then thought
  better of it and let it fall to the floor.  
I couldn't help but smile, I'm sure it made her all the more nervous, but
  I didn't care, I just knew I needed my cock in her mouth before I shot my load
  on the floor.  
Monique's hands trembled so bad I didn't think she'd be able to get her panties
  to the floor, but she inched it down her thighs. When I saw her smooth, shaved
  mound I was in heaven. She jerked away as I got to my feet and moved toward
  her.  
"On your knees!" I grabbed her by the neck and forced her to the floor. "Suck
  my dick slut!" I forced the head of my cock to her lips. I grabbed a clump
  of her hair in my hands and twisted till she screamed. "I said suck my cock
  cunt!"  
I almost blew as I forced my prick in between her tight moist lips. I heard
  her gag as I forced all 8" of my dick down her throat. I felt her tongue moving
  over the bottom of my shaft involuntarily as she struggled for breath. I clamped
  my hands on the back of her head and held her on me till I thought she was
  going to pass out.  
I only pulled out for an instant, long enough for her to gasp for breath
  before I slammed my hips forward and made her swallow me again. I knew I wasn't
  going to last long, but I wanted to get a couple good thrusts in before I blew
  in her mouth. I felt her hands at my hips trying to push me away, but with
  the urgency I felt to cum, nothing was going to keep me from having my prick
  deep in her sweet little mouth.  
I felt it deep in my loins. I've never felt my balls contract like that.
  I felt the cum shoot from my dick, and it kept coming, my balls pulsed and
  shot a huge load deep in Monique's throat. I could hear her gagging as I held
  the back of her head tight, forcing her to take my whole length in her mouth.
  I didn't think it would ever stop, my balls jerked and squeezed more cum out,
  I bellowed out in a primal roar. I kept cumming so much it hurt.  
After what seemed like an eternity I knew I'd spent my load. I looked down
  at my new prize as I eased my rampant cock from her mouth. I could see the
  cum seeping around her lips, and she started to cough up my seed.  
"Swallow it slut, swallow it!" I arched her head back as she gasped for breath. "Swallow
  it down cunt!" I saw her big hazel eyes looking up at me, pleading, begging
  me to stop, but there was something animal in my need to see her drink all
  my sperm down.  
I let go of Monique's hair and let her collapse to the floor after she'd
  desperately swallowed all my cum. She lay in a heap sobbing as I went to the
  bathroom to get a drink of water. My balls still tingled.  
Monique was still lying on the floor, in the midst of her cute little outfit,
  when I came back into the bedroom. I had to lift her off the ground and onto
  the bed.  
"Get on your knees!" Monique pushed her ass into the air and got to her knees.
  I grabbed for her wrists and pulled them back to her ankles, spreading her
  legs wider I duct taped her wrists to her ankles, her face was forced down
  into the mattress. I pulled off her shoes and socks and left her like that.
  I loved the way her hair cascaded over her head and spread out on the bed.  
I laid down on the bed next to Monique's head, she turned to face me, I could
  see the tears streaming down her cheeks. I pushed the hair out of her face.  
"How'd you like that slut? Have you ever given a blow job before?" I saw
  her nod in abject humiliation. "Tell me, do you like the taste of cum?" I watched
  her close her eyes and stutter out the word no.  
"Well, you'd better get used to it." I reached up under her body and pinched
  her nipple between my fingers.  
"Have you ever had vaginal sex Monique?" When I heard her sobbing I knew
  the answer was no, and she knew I was going to pop her cherry soon.  
"How about masturbation?" I didn't hear her response, but I didn't much care.  
"Well, I'm going to make you cum Monique, you've been a good girl." I got
  up from the bed and walked to my dresser. I've always loved seeing women orgasm,
  so one of the toys I'd picked up over the years was a Magic Wand vibrator.  
Monique did what she could to watch me after I plugged in the vibrator. I
  had the G-Spot attachment too, but I didn't think I'd need it, not tonight
  at least.  
I heard her whimpering when I flipped the switch and the vibrator started
  going. I heard her squeak as I pressed the head of the vibrator into the folds
  of her sex.  
"How do you like that?" I saw Monique's legs start to shudder as I moved
  the head of the vibrator up and down over her sex, her whole body convulsed
  when I touched the vibrator to her clit.  
"Please&hellip;stop&hellip;please&hellip;" I didn't listen to her words,
  I pressed the head against her clit and gently spread her labia with my fingers.
  I moved my fingers over her sensitive flesh, I could already feel the moisture
  spreading from her pussy.  
I flipped the switch on the vibrator to high and pushed it harder against
  Monique's clit, I could hear her cries growing louder.  
"That's it slut." I got between her legs and let my tongue dart into her
  sex. I licked her, spreading her young flesh wide, tasting the pink as I held
  the vibrator to her clit.  
Monique's legs started to shake, I could see her tits jiggling. I loved the
  mixture of want, and disgust in her movements. I could see her hips gyrating,
  pushing back onto my tongue, rubbing against the vibrator's head as she cried
  out, begging me to stop.  
I forced a finger into her pussy, not deep, just enough to tease her body.  
"That's it cunt, fuck me, fuck my finger." I could hear her start to pant,
  her nipples were hard and I pushed the head of the vibrator against her breast,
  she involuntarily groaned.  
I slid my finger from Monique's snatch, it was wet with her juices. I forced
  my mouth over her pussy and started delving my tongue into her body and over
  her clit.  
I could hear her moaning louder. With my hands free I reached up under her
  body and grasped her breasts, I twisted and molded her flesh in my hands, driving
  her on.  
"That's it slut, cum for me!" I sucked on her clit, nibbling on the hard
  little bud with my teeth. I could feel her hips moving, I knew she was about
  to cum. I swabbed my tongue over her labia, pushing her to the edge, I wanted
  to hear her scream out.  
"STOP, STOP, Please, stop!!!" I could hear the desperation in her voice,
  but that only drove me on further. I could hear her panting, her cries were
  like the screech of an animal, the muscles of her thighs convulsed as she arched
  her head up and screamed.  
I bit down on her clit, not hard enough to do damage, but enough so she could
  feel it.  
"Cum for me slut, cum for me!" Monique wailed, her whole body trembled, I
  could see her leg muscles spasming&hellip;  
I didn't even wait for her body to stop reacting. I pushed the vibrator against
  her clit again.  
"God no, please, please, stop, please!!!" I know her pleas were sincere,
  but I wanted to make her cum again.  
"Come on slut, I'm going to make you cum again." I milked Monique's breast,
  squeezing it like an udder as I moved the vibrator up and down over her labia.
  Her nipples were hard, and I loved the way they felt as I pinched them, making
  her scream in pain.  
"Cum for me cunt." I let go of her tit and forced my finger into her pussy,
  not deep, but enough to make her moan. Her body was covered in a sheen of perspiration,
  it was gorgeous. I loved the way her tight little pussy throbbed under my touch,
  contracting, squeezing me. The vibrator buzzed against her clit and I knew
  she was about to cum again.  
With my finger in her pussy and the vibrator on her clit I moved my tongue
  over her engorged labia. She tried to jerk away but there was nothing she could
  do. I could hear her panting, gasping for breath as she was about to orgasm
  again.  
"Please, please, please&hellip;" I drove my tongue between her labia while
  I pinched her clit hard. I still had the vibrator forced against her body.  
I've never seen a girl's body react like hers did to an orgasm, Monique screamed
  as her legs bucked, I thought she'd fall off the bed the way they contracted
  so hard. I could hear the duct tape making little cracking sounds as every
  muscle in her body convulsed.  
"That's it slut, cum for me, cum for me!" I ran the vibrator up and down
  over the length of her sex, with particular attention to her clit. She screamed
  like mad, I could tell there was a part, deep down, that liked it.  
Monique was still moaning when I got off the bed, I hurried to the closet
  and pulled out a leather belt. It was an old and well worn belt, but I knew
  it would do the job. It was a good inch and a half wide and I doubled it over
  so I'd have better control.  
I don't even know if Monique saw me approaching, her body was writhing, I
  could see her forcing her chest down, rubbing her nipples against the bed spread.
  I don't know if she even heard the swish through the air, but I know she felt
  it when the leather struck her engorged labia. I would have loved to see her
  eyes go wide when she felt the bite of the belt, but I was too busy bringing
  it down again, almost in the exact spot as before. I heard her high pitched
  scream echo through the room as I kept bringing the belt down on her body,
  I didn't want to whip her too much, I just wanted Monique to feel the bite
  of the leather on her hypersensitive flesh. The sound of the belt on her skin
  was pushing me over the edge, I wanted to beat her more with the belt, but
  I couldn't hold out much longer.  
I rolled Monique over onto her back. The way her wrists were taped to her
  ankles it spread her legs nicely. I brought the belt down on her tits a few
  times, I caught her hard little clit dead on with the belt, raising desperate
  screams.  
I tossed the belt aside and climbed on Monique's body, my dick was hard and
  I was ready to blow again. She was still wailing in pain from the belt when
  I slammed my prick into her virgin cunt. I could feel her stomach muscles contract
  under mine. I drove my dick all the way inside her, till I felt my balls slap
  against her ass. I loved the way I could feel her thighs against my hips. I
  grabbed for her hair and clamped my mouth down on hers. There was nothing she
  could do, I slammed into her again and again, I couldn't help it, I wanted
  to hurt her as I fucked her. I knew she'd remember her first time forever.  
I knew I was about to cum so I buried my prick full in her pussy. I felt
  the sperm flood her, my balls contracted, it was almost painful as I pumped
  her full of my cum, though I can't tell you how good it felt. I could feel
  her breasts crushed against my chest, I could feel her body shudder as she
  sobbed.  
I don't know how long I laid there on top of her, my dick still hard and
  buried in the soft warmth of her pussy. I whispered into her ear.  
"God you've got some kind of tight pussy. We're going to have a good time." I
  rolled off Monique. I ran my hand over her belly, and over her pussy, my semen
  dribbled out of her little cunt. Her hair was disheveled, her body was covered
  in sweat, makeup was streaked over her face, and I could still see her little
  pussy throbbing and twitching. The red marks where I'd laid the belt down on
  her tits were still visible.  
With a knife and cut Monique's wrists and ankles free. Her legs flopped down
  on the bed, splayed wide.  
I ran my fingers over her swollen sex, I could hear her moan as I slid my
  finger into her pussy.  
"We're going to have a lot of fun babe. I'm going to fuck that pussy of yours
  everyday, and I'm going to make you masturbate for me, I love seeing you cum." I
  couldn't wait to get on the net and drop a couple thousand dollars on sex toys
  and bondage gear, but I'd wait till the next day for that.  
"Get up, go into the bathroom, clean up, take a shower if you want, then
  we'll go to bed." I ran my hand over the inside of her thighs. "Do you want
  anything more to eat, or drink?" She seemed to disenheartened to react much,
  but I saw her nod softly no.  
"Go, get in the bathroom!" I loved the way she moved. Even with the pain
  and humiliation she felt, she had a certain grace in her movements. She had
  the most beautiful legs, long, thin, gorgeous!  
I went down and got a glass of water and some snacks, I needed to take care
  of my girl. When I got back up into my room, I could hear the shower running,
  I was pretty sure I could hear her crying.  
I felt a little tingle in my balls when thought about the girls down in the
  basement. I wondered if any of them had got to sleep yet? Really, it didn't
  matter, the longer they stayed up, the more ready they were going to be when
  I started in on them. I still couldn't believe it was all happening. When I
  woke up this morning, I never would have thought, hell, dreamed, that these
  5 gorgeous teens would enter my life.  
I heard the shower stop running, I couldn't wait for my girl to get out of
  the bathroom. I didn't have any more plans for her tonight, just to get some
  sleep, but I couldn't wait to get her in the bed next to me.  
After about 5 minutes I started to get impatient.  
"Hey slut, hurry up, get your ass out here!" I heard her sob just a little
  louder, then I heard the door open. I was already on the bed, I had the sheets
  pulled back waiting for her.  
"God you're a beautiful little whore." Monique had her hands crossed over
  her chest, and the palm of her hand trying to cover up her sex.  
"No slut, arms at your side, never try to cover yourself from me, do you
  understand?" She nodded, a resigned, hopeless nod. Her hair was still wet from
  the shower, her nipples were hard and her breasts were absolutely gorgeous.  
"Come here, get in bed." I motioned her over to me.  
"Please&hellip;" I put my finger to my lip and she went silent. Instinctively
  she tried to cover herself again, but then I could tell she remembered and
  dropped her hands to her sides.  
"Good girl." She sat on the edge of the bed. I grabbed for her elbow and
  pulled her onto the bed. She yelped as I twisted her arm, but I got her on
  her back.  
"Give me your wrists!" She looked up to me with her wide hazel eyes.  
"Relax I just need to tie your wrists and ankles, then we can go to bed." I
  took her wrists in my hand, I could easily hold them in one palm, I looped
  rope around one wrist, then pulled it around her other wrist, snugging them
  together so she couldn't get away. I didn't pull it too tight, just enough
  so it wouldn't come lose.  
"Pick up your legs&hellip;" I could have crawled to the foot of the bed,
  but I wanted to see how flexible she was. Monique kicked up her legs until
  they were perpendicular to her body, I grabbed the back of her thighs and forced
  her legs down till her knees touched her breasts.  
"Hold your legs like that." I looped more rope around her ankles till I knew
  she wouldn't be able to work it free.  
"You can put them down." I lay down next to her, I could feel Monique try
  to move away.  
"Don't move away from me, ever, I own you now. Let's get some sleep." I pulled
  the covers up over top of us. I could feel her body shaking as I put my arm
  over top of her breasts. I whispered in her ear.  
"We're going to have a lot of fun together Monique, just behave, and I'll
  treat you right." I flipped the lights off and closed my eyes resting my head
  on her shoulder. I could feel her heart beating, I knew she was uncomfortable
  with me holding her, but I didn't care. My mind was filled with all the things
  I needed to do. I needed to get the house in order and ready for my new cadre
  of slaves. I couldn't wait to get online and buy all the toys I was going to
  need. I could feel my dick getting hard and bulging against Monique's thigh
  as I faded off to sleep easily.  
Chapter Two  
 I couldn't believe how rested I felt in the morning. I found my cheek pressed
  into Monique's breast. I was a little surprised to find her sleeping, breathing
  softly, seemingly contented.  
I eased out of the bed and headed for the bathroom. I could already feel
  the aching in my loins, I knew I needed to fuck her again, bad.  
When I got out of the shower and headed back into the bedroom I could see
  Monique's eyes flutter open. It was 10am, I couldn't' believe I'd slept so
  long, but it had been a late night. I unlocked my phone from the end table.
  I dialed the garage and asked for Jim. It took a few minutes, but soon my lifelong
  buddy was on the phone.  
"Hey, Jim, what's up? I watched Monique staring at me. I'm sure she had no
  idea what I was doing.  
"Yeah, I stayed at the garage late and did some paperwork. You wouldn't believe
  what happened, I can't tell you about it now, but I want you to come over tonight,
  I'm sure you'll love the reason why." I winked at Monique.  
"No, I can't explain now, but you'll like it." I sat on the edge of the bed
  and cupped my new pet's breast.  
"You can't come tonight, well, you'll have to come over tomorrow. You've
  got to, believe me, you want to. By the way, there is a car in the back lot,
  out by the trees. Don't let anybody out there, keep it quiet, we'll have to
  crush the thing, some night if you know what I mean." I pinched Monique's nipple
  till she let out a yelp.  
"Don't plan anything for the weekend, you'll have to stay here." I crawled
  in the bed next to Monique, I pushed my body up against her, wrapping my arm
  around her as I talked to Jim on the phone.  
"Yeah buddy, you'll love it. Take care of the garage for me. I won't be in
  for a couple days. Later." I hung up the phone and clamped my mouth down on
  Monique's. She tried to jerk away, but she couldn't. I slid my finger up between
  her legs, spreading her labia I forced my finger into her pussy.  
"Please, I'm sore, please, stop." She tried to push me away with her bound
  hands, but she didn't have the strength.  
"Monique" I scowled down at her, then pushed my finger deeper in her pussy.  
"Do you want me to make you cum again slut?" I used my thumb to massage her
  clit. She whimpered softly as I drove my finger to the knuckle.  
"That was my buddy Jim on the phone, he's going to come over one of these
  nights, don't worry though, I won't let him fuck you, you're mine alone."  
My dick was aching. I knew I couldn't last much longer, so I got to my knees
  and untied the rope between her ankles.  
"Spread those legs like a good girl Monique." She started whimpering as she
  spread her legs.  
"I'm sore, please&hellip;" I grabbed for her bound hands and lifted them
  over her head.  
"Don't worry babe, you'll get used to it." I got between her legs and ran
  my hands over the insides of her thighs. She cried out as I let my weight down
  on her pelvis, I used my hand to guide my prick into her pussy, it was a tight
  fit.  
"Come on slut." I inched the head of my cock into her body. I grabbed for
  her tits and started squeezing, driving my hips forward, sinking my prick to
  the hilt.  
"Oh God that feels good!" I let out a guttural roar, I've had my share of
  women, but I'd never buried my prick in a girl where it felt so good, I couldn't
  believe that little pussy could feel so amazing.  
I started moving slowly, I didn't have the urgency to batter her sex like
  the night before. My hands were clamped on her breasts, God it felt so good.  
"That's awesome babe, such a tight little pussy. Wrap those legs around me
  baby." I could see the tears forming at the corner of her eyes. She whimpered,
  but lifted her legs over my back.  
"Good girl." I clamped my mouth down on hers, letting my tongue explore.  
I grabbed for Monique's wrists and held them over her head as I continued
  to move my body over hers, driving my prick home in her pussy. I loved the
  feel of her hard nipples against my chest as I slow fucked her, I could hear
  her grunt every time I buried my dick in her.  
I knew fucking her wouldn't make her cum, at least not yet. She tried to
  turn her head away from me whenever she could, but whether it was her mouth,
  or her ear, I let my tongue run over her skin while I whispered to her. I kept
  going for a good five minutes, I'm sure it was agonizing for her. She locked
  her legs over my back like I told her, I loved the way her calves felt on my
  ass.  
"I'm cumming, I'm going to cum in your cunt slut." I quickened my pace, I
  could feel my balls slamming against her ass.  
"Squeeze me tight bitch, clamp that pussy down on me." I tried to hold off
  as long as I could, but I felt my balls contract and I shot my load in her
  belly. I heard myself growl out as I rammed home a few more times, pumping
  all the cum I could into her tight snatch. I forced my mouth on hers and made
  her kiss me till I collapsed my weight on hers, exhausted and spent.  
"I love your pussy, you're so fucking tight I can't believe it!" I stared
  down into Monique's eyes, the tears ran down cheeks as she looked up at me.  
I don't know how long I laid there. Monique kept her legs wrapped around
  me until I started to get up, then she let them fall when I told her too. After
  I climbed off her she left her legs splayed open, flat on the bed, I stood
  to her side, I could see the cum seeping out of her snatch.  
"If you're a good girl Monique I'll treat you well. I like you, but if you
  don't obey my every command, well&hellip;" I could see her breasts quivering
  in the cool room. I walked toward the bathroom and thought about all I had
  to do. I needed to go check on the other girls. I'd decided that I'd keep Monique
  in the spare bedroom till I made better arrangements, I could lock her in there,
  there was nothing she could do to get in trouble, and their was a bathroom.
  I had to play with my other toys some, then I'd be back to fuck Monique later.  
I still couldn't believe my luck, who would have known 5 cute girls would
  enter my life and become my slaves&hellip;sometimes it's better to be lucky
  than good.  
I washed up, it was like my dick was in a constant state of arousal now.
  I wasn't sure what girl I'd take next, or what I'd do to her, but I hoped her
  pussy would be as inviting as Monique's.  
I let Monique shower while I made up breakfast. The dogs were going crazy,
  so I had to feed them. I was glad I had the doggy door so I didn't have to
  worry about letting them out. I couldn't keep my mind off the girls.  
I found an old collar in the garage, it wasn't perfect, but it would do the
  job until I got something more proper for Monique. I made a few quick modifications
  so she couldn't take it off. I found a couple old brass travel locks and a
  length of chain.  
I carried the food up to my bedroom, Monique was still in the shower. I didn't
  want her to feel it was a place of refuge, so I walked in without knocking.
  I think she wanted to cry out, but already she was learning better. I had her
  get out of the shower and I dried her off. I liked running my hands over her
  body, I could feel her muscles tense as I pressed the towel against her, moving
  it up between her legs and rubbing her raw. I knew she was sore, but I continued
  to push the soft fabric into her battered cunt.  
When she was dry I took her back into the bedroom, the food was laid out
  on the bed and I made her sit on the edge of the mattress.  
"It's time for you to start acting like my slave. Feed me cunt." I laid back
  on the bed, she was right next to me and I ran my hands over her belly, then
  grasped her tits.  
"Come on, I'm hungry." Monique's hands shook as she picked up the fork and
  started to scoop a bit of eggs.  
"I like ketchup mixed in with my eggs slut, but not too much." I loved the
  way Monique whimpered, it was such a soft delicate sound. She grabbed for the
  bottle of ketchup and squirted on a few drops. Her eyes looked to me for approval.  
"Good, now mix it in." I could still tell she was terrified of me, and I
  wanted to keep it that way.  
"Give me a bite." The fork trembled in Monique's hand as she lifted it to
  my mouth. I let her drop the eggs in as I pinched her nipples hard.  
"Good girl, now give me some eggs and a piece of bacon together, that's the
  way I like it." I knew it would take a while to teach her all my likes and
  dislikes, but I was sure as hell going to have a good time doing it.  
I let her feed me till I was full, never taking my hands off her tits. I
  decided to softly caress her breasts when I was pleased, and, like the time
  she poked me with the fork, twist her nipples when I was pissed so she'd feel
  it and remember.  
There was still a pile of eggs and bacon on the plate. I debated putting
  it on the floor and making her eat it like a dog initially, but I decided to
  be nice and just let her eat it with the fork.  
"Go ahead, the rest is yours." I watched her eat as I let my hand slip down
  between her legs. I forced my finger into her pussy just as she was taking
  a bite. God she was one hot girl.  
I couldn't resist humiliating her a little after she'd eaten the remainder
  of the food.  
"Lick it clean." Monique started to lift up the plate.  
"No, leave it on the bed, but I want you to lick it clean." There was something
  erotic in watching her tongue dart over the place, sopping up every last drop
  of food.  
"Good girl." I twisted Monique toward me and clamped my mouth on hers. I
  forced her lips wide and started frenching her. I could feel her body tense,
  but I made her return my kisses. I had one finger deep in her pussy, making
  her squirm.  
I pushed her away from me.  
"I've got to go deal with your friends. Get on your knees." I pointed to
  the floor in front of me. I think she thought I was going to make her blow
  me again, she could see my dick was hard, and her breasts jiggled as she got
  into position.  
"Here, put this on. It's your collar, it's only temporary, till I get something
  nicer." I handed her the old dog collar. I'd modified it so I could lock it
  in place and she couldn't remove it. She stared at the smooth black leather
  in her hands.  
"Well, what are you waiting for, put it on!" I saw her breasts quiver as
  she started to sob, but she put the collar around her neck.  
"Here, let me help. I grabbed the collar and aligned the buckle. I pulled
  it snug so she wouldn't be able to get her fingers up under the leather. When
  I had it fitted right, then I snapped the little lock in place, making sure
  she couldn't get it off.  
"God that's beautiful." I held up a little mirror for her to see. I could
  tell she wasn't as pleased as I was, but it didn't matter what she thought.  
"Here." I handed her an oversized sweatshirt of mine. "You can put this on,
  but remember, if at anytime I want to see you naked, you're to take it off
  immediately. If I tell you to do something, your reaction is to be immediate.
  I don't care whether it's for you to get to your knees so you can blow me,
  or if I tell you to bend over the side of the bed so I can fuck you, you are
  to obey, do you understand?" Monique nodded, her big hazel eyes locked on my
  face.  
I grabbed the length of chain and locked it in place to her collar. It wasn't
  really heavy gauge steel, but it would hold her.  
"Come with me." I walked in front of Monique and tugged her along with the
  chain. I could hear her sobbing. I led her off into one of my guest bedrooms.  
"I'm going to leave you here today. There is a bathroom over there, there
  is a TV you can watch. I'll be back for you later." I had a handheld drill
  with me. There was an exposed beam in the wall, and I drilled through it. I'd
  picked up an eye bolt from my garage shop when I made breakfast. It wasn't
  a permanent solution, but it would work for now. I ratcheted the bolt in place
  with locking nuts, then took the other end of the chain attached to Monique's
  collar and locked it in place. There was no place she could go now.  
"Wait here." I left the room, taking my tools with me. I came back a few
  minutes later with a camcorder and a dildo one of my girlfriends had left at
  my place years ago. I set the camera up on the dresser so it had a perfect
  shot of the bed.  
"You're my cum slut slave now Monique, every two hours I want you to turn
  on the camera, and I want you to masturbate for me. I tossed the dildo and
  some lube on the bed. "You can use this, or whatever way you like, but I want
  you to cum for me. Then later, we'll sit down and watch the video. If you don't,
  well, orgasm, I'm going to have to punish you. Understand?" I don't think the
  girl knew how to react.  
"There's a glass for water in the bathroom. There is some fruit in there
  too. Be a good girl, I'll check on you later." I slammed the door shut behind
  me. I tied rope on the doorknob so she couldn't open the door, even though
  I knew the chain attached to her collar wouldn't let her. It was now time to
  play with my other toys. I put on a pair of sweats and a shirt and started
  down to the basement.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks&hellip;.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com  
 Chapter Three  
 The girls were all huddled close together under the blanket when I came
  downstairs.  
 "Hello my pets." The girl Emily started whimpering, and Tara stood up screaming.  
 "What are you doing to us? Where is Monique, you can't keep us like this!"  
 "You're right Tara, I have such better plans for you. Look at all this empty
  space." I spread my arms to the 1500 sq ft of unfinished basement. "You are
  all now my slaves, and I'm going to build my own little dungeon to house you,
  just be patient."  
 "You fucking pervert, you can't do this to us, let us go!" I just smiled
  at her, I think it infuriated her even more. She grabbed the fenced door and
  tried to shake it open.  
 I started toward the door, Tara took a step or two back. Her eyes were locked
  on me as I undid the lock.  
 "Come here slut!" She didn't move, but she couldn't have expected that I
  could pounce so fast. I had her by the arm, then took a clump full or hair
  in my hand and tugged her out of the kennel screeching. She tried to punch
  me, but I was easily able to overpower her. I threw her down on the ground
  outside the kennel then locked the other girls inside.  
Tara, with venom in her eyes came at me. She didn't see the cattle prod till
  the last second when I forced it into her belly and pulled the trigger. She
  collapsed instantly on the floor, writhing in pain. I was on her in a second,
  I got her over onto her stomach and wrapped her wrists in duct tape.  
 "How do you like that cunt?" I rolled her over onto her back and slapped
  her hard across the face a couple times. She was still blubbering in pain from
  the jolt. Looking in her eyes I saw shock, I don't think the little spoiled
  rich bitch had ever been told no.  
 I lifted Tara up by the back of her neck and pressed her face against the
  kennel where her friends were.  
 "Tara has volunteered to teach you what will happen if you defy me!"  
Tara was still stunned with the effects of the tazer, and the other girls
  were babbling, cowering as far back as they could in the cage. I dropped Tara
  on the floor, I knew she couldn't go anyplace with her wrists bound and the
  door to the basement shut. I headed up into my workshop, it was a mixture of
  an automotive garage, and woodworking shop. Soon enough I'd be using the shop
  a lot, building my fair share of apparatuses to play with the girls on.  
I first went for my hunting knife, Tara wasn't going to get the option of
  stripping for me. In the shop I found an old radiator fan belt, but better
  still, I found this old metal workhorse my dad had made, it must have weighed
  damn near 100 lbs, if not more. It looked like any workhorse, but it was metal,
  pop had welded the thing up years ago. When I saw it there in the corner, I
  knew it would be perfect.  
The girls were sobbing as I carried my toys back down into the basement.
  I kicked Tara in the gut as I walked past her.  
"Get to your knees you whore!" I set the workhorse down in front of the kennel,
  I wanted the other girls to see it all. I tossed the rest of the crap on the
  floor and then grabbed Tara by the hair.  
"Get the fuck up cunt!" She screamed as I dragged her to her feet by the
  scalp. When I had her upright I bellowed at her more. "You'd better fucking
  stand still!"  
I slid my hunting knife up under Tara's hip and the elastic band on her panties.
  I'm a fanatic about sharp blades, so the metal cut easily through her panties,
  and her skirt. I could hear her wallowing in terror.  
The blade cut as easily through the other side as it did the first, her little
  outfit fell to the floor, I could see the small patch of trimmed pussy hair.  
Cutting away Tara's vest and shirt was even easier. I cut away the fabric
  leaving here there only in her bra.  
"Are you ready to show me your tits you slut?" I had to hold Tara up by the
  elbows, her knees threatened to buckle at any moment. "Hold still cunt, I wouldn't
  want to cut you, yet." Tara yelped as I brought the blade up under her sports
  bra. I moved slow, more to agonize her than anything. She was naked in no time
  and I let go of her elbow.  
"Push out those tits, show your friends!" Tara was balling like a child.  
"Get on your knees slut!" Tara fell awkwardly to her knees. I took the fan
  belt and looped it around her neck. I twisted it so it contracted and closed
  down on her flesh. I could hear her gasping as it constricted her airway.  
"Want me to choke you right now whore!" I watched Tara's face go red. I heard
  the girls in the kennel start begging me to stop. They went suddenly silent
  as I turned back to glare at them, all three moved away from the door.  
I had no intent to choke Tara though and let the belt come free. I could
  hear her take in deep breaths.  
"No, I'm not going to choke you, I'm going to whip your ass bitch, maybe
  it'll teach you to behave a little better."  
I took the belt from Tara's neck and got behind where she knelt. I picked
  up some alligator clips I'd found out in the garage. I pinched the ends and
  opened the serrated jaws. Tara's body started to shudder and she tried to crawl
  away, but I grabbed her around the neck and pulled her to me. I pinched her
  right nipple till it went hard.  
"I told you to behave and I'd be good to you." Tara screamed as I closed
  the sharp metal teeth shut on her nipple. She tried to twist her torso thinking
  it would knock the clip off, but I knew it would hold.  
"Hold still slut!" I grabbed for her other nipple.  
"God, please, no!" Tara screamed, spittle shot from her mouth as I closed
  the second clip on her other nipple. I let her scream long and hard as I picked
  up my knife. I don't know what she thought I was going to do, but her body
  was shaking like a leaf. I cut the duct tape away from her wrists.  
"Bend over the workhorse slut. Grasp the corners with your hands!" The alligator
  clips looked gorgeous on her tits, I love the way they sparkled in the light.  
"I said bend over the work horse!" Tara was a blubbering child as she bellied
  up to the metal frame, it was the perfect height, the horizontal bar came to
  her belly, and when she bent over, it was perfect. Her cute little ass was
  up in the air, and when I taped her legs to the corners, it would spread her
  pussy nicely.  
I knelt down and held her right wrist to the post, I wrapped duct tape around
  her arm till it was pinned to the metal pole.  
"Please, please, stop this!" I was mere inches from her face, tears dripped
  from her chin.  
"You had your chance slut!" I wrapped her other wrist with tape and then
  started on her ankles. Once I had the tape around her legs she was posed perfectly,
  her legs were spread, her toes were barely in contact with the ground.  
Even though Tara fought against the frame like mad, it barely budged.  
"Please, Please&hellip;" Tara continued to beg between spasms of tears. My
  dick was aching.  
I picked up the radiator belt from the floor. I moved full circle around
  her, I knew she could see the hard black rubber in my hand. I turned to the
  girls in the kennel, I tried to cover my excitement so I could give my little
  speech.  
"I'm keeping you all as my slaves. I expect you to obey my every command,
  I expect, and demand, that you do whatever I say. I'm going to give you just
  a little sample of how I will handle disobedience." I laid my hand on Tara's
  ass, I could feel her muscles contract and twitch under my touch.  
"I want you all to fucking count how many times I whip Tara, I want to hear
  your voices loud and clear, otherwise I'll start over until you learn to follow
  directions."  
I twisted my body in a flash and used all my strength to bring the belt down
  on Tara's ass. The sound was incredible, it ripped through the basement like
  a bolt of lightning, then I heard Tara scream. Her head arched up as the radiator
  belt recoiled from her flesh.  
"I didn't hear you!" I yelled at the caged girls as I brought the belt down
  again on Tara's body, I hit almost the exact same spot again. Already a deep
  red welt had formed on her skin and I heard the girl's in the cage scream out
  two.  
"Think again." I turned and smiled at the girls in the kennel. "This is number
  two." I brought the belt down as hard as I could on the back of Tara's thighs.
  The metal workhorse clanked off the ground maybe an inch as Tara's whole body
  bucked. Her scream pierced the room.  
Again and again I brought the belt down on Tara's body, the red welts formed
  almost immediately and crisscrossed her thighs and ass.  
The girls in the cage screamed out the count, but I didn't care how many
  times I whipped Tara. I'd given my lesson, and I was having fun whipping her
  body.  
Tara's head went limp after my last blow and I figured that was enough. I
  dropped my sweat pants and bellied up behind the bent, unconscious, girl. As
  I slammed my dick forward into her tight pussy and she came to.  
At first I'm not sure she grasped what was going on, her mind was clouded
  with pain, but quickly enough I knew she felt my dick to the hilt in her snatch.  
"God you've got a tight pussy too!" I roared with lust as I felt my dick
  encased by Tara's tight cunt. I grabbed her by the hair and arched her head
  up. I pounded into her body like a jackhammer. The metal frame clanged forward
  with each crushing thrust. My body was filled with adrenaline, and like Monique
  the night before, I wanted to batter Tara's pussy with my prick.  
"I'm going to cum in your pussy slut. I'm going to fill you with my sperm!"  
Tara started screaming when she felt my warm spunk flooding into her belly.
  In spite of the pain, I knew it was the abject humiliation she felt me pumping
  her full that made her bellow.  
"That's it, milk my cock, squeeze me tight!" I let go of Tara's hair and
  collapsed on her body, my prick still impaled in her snatch.  
It took a few minutes for me to catch my breath again. As I slid my cock
  from her tight, warm pussy and I was in heaven.  
I started moving slowly toward the kennel door.  
"Get over here Lisa." Her body was trembling as she shuffled toward the door.
  I undid the lock and had her come outside.  
"Get on your knees!" I pointed to the floor in front of me  
"Clean my dick slave!" The tears streamed down her cheeks. Tara was wailing
  still, bent over the workhorse, my cum filling her pussy.  
I grabbed the back of Lisa's head, my dick was covered in cum and Tara's
  slime. I forced the length of my shaft into Lisa's mouth, I heard her gag as
  I slammed my prick in, I could feel her tongue and throat convulse at the intrusion.
  I closed my eyes and arched my head back, groaning as I made Lisa suck my cock.  
"Lick me clean, lick all my cum and Tara's juices from my prick." I loved
  the way Lisa, in her terror, swabbed her tongue over my cock. I was almost
  ready to cum again as she licked me clean.  
"That's good slut." I pushed her back so she fell on the floor. I walked
  over to where Tara was bent on the frame crying. I bent down and grabbed the
  alligator clips and squeezed them open, I took them from her breasts. There
  was a bit of a delayed reaction, then she started screaming as the blood flowed
  back into her nipples. I massaged her tits between my fingers, making her feel
  every ounce of pain.  
I stood straight up and loomed over Lisa, she was still on the floor, too
  afraid to move.  
"As I said, if you behave, I'll treat you well, if not, I'll do whatever
  I need to do to make you learn." I grabbed Lisa by the arm and lifted her upright.
  I took out my knife and cut the tape off Tara's wrists and ankles.  
"Take your friend to the bathroom, I think there is some ointment in there." Lisa
  helped the weak legged Tara into the bathroom.  
"Get over here Emily." I opened the kennel door, she was sobbing. Jayme watched
  my every move.  
"So tell me Emily, how old are you?"  
"I&hellip;I&hellip;.I'm 17 sir."  
"So, have you ever had sex?" I could see her trembling, her whole body convulsed.  
"N&hellip;no&hellip;no sir." I smiled at her.  
"Good, why don't you ease those panties down so I can see that little pussy
  of yours." Her body started to tremble even more, the tears fell down her face
  and she stared up at me with those big blue eyes.  
"Please&hellip;"  
"Emily, have you already forgotten about Tara?" She started sniffling and
  moved her hands reluctantly to the waist band of her panties. She looked up
  at me for approval, or maybe one last desperate plea.  
"Come on Emily, get those panties down around your ankles and spread your
  legs." Her knees were shaking so bad I thought they'd buckle. After she had
  her panties down, she held up her little skirt so I could see. She had a cute
  little patch of red hair neatly trimmed.  
"Why don't you spread those cunt lips for me Emily." I could see her cringe,
  but she didn't hesitate. She had nice long fingers, with a fresh coat of nail
  polish, though her nails were short.  
Emily spread her labia for me, showing the pink of her pussy.  
"Do you want me to feel?" She started crying harder, she tried to respond,
  but couldn't. I put my index finger in between her spread lips, I could see
  her hands trembling as I ran my fingers along the length of her pink snatch.  
"That's a nice little pussy Emily, can you squeeze my finger?" I thought
  she was going to lose it.  
"Please&hellip;" There was such a desperation in her plea.  
"Okay." I pulled my finger from her body.  
"You can pull up your panties, get back in the kennel." Emily quickly pulled
  up her drawers and ran back into the cage. Jayme had her arms opened wide and
  hugged Emily tight as I locked the kennel door.  
"Are you two starting to understand what I expect of you?" Emily was still
  held firm in Jayme's arms.  
"Yes Sir."  
"Good." I turned and headed toward the bathroom.  
I walked into the bathroom without knocking.  
"Go to your cage Lisa. Kneel at the door and wait for me. Don't think about
  being a heroic fool, just do it." Lisa got to her feet and skirted as far away
  from me as possible as she scurried out the door.  
Tara was lying on her stomach, Lisa had done a good job of spreading balm
  on the welts. I knelt next to Tara and grabbed a clump of hair. I didn't twist
  it hard, but enough so she had to look up at me.  
"You've got a nice pussy, too bad I wasn't the first." She just stared into
  my eyes, I could see the fear I now instilled in her.  
"I would hate to do more damage to that body of yours." I reached out and
  pinched her nipple, eliciting a yelp of pain. I could clearly see the markings
  of the alligator clip on her flesh.  
"Do you understand what I expect of you?" She nodded softly, I saw a tear
  run down her cheek.  
"I expect complete and utter obedience. Don't fuck with me. You are my slave
  now, when I say to get on your back and spread your legs so I can fuck you,
  I want you to do it without thinking, then I want you to wrap your legs around
  my back and fuck me back so I cum harder, understand!" I arched her head back
  and clamped my mouth on hers, forcing my tongue in her so she felt completely
  used. I loved the feeling of power.  
I let go of Tara's head and stood up.  
"I want you to go back to your kennel, if you behave I'll get you something
  to wear." Tara struggled to her feet, I knew her body ached. I moved slowly
  behind her, watching the red lines on her ass and thighs wistfully. She fell
  to her knees next to Lisa.  
"Is anybody hungry?" I heard a soft chorus of yes's. I opened the kennel
  door and let Lisa and Tara inside.  
"Come over here Emily, you're going to help me make lunch." Emily was precious,
  she whimpered and tried to hold onto Jayme, but she'd already learned not to
  screw with me and she came toward me like any good pet. I locked the door behind
  her leaving the other girls in silence. I followed Emily up the stairs, her
  cute butt enticing me on.  
When we got into the kitchen I could see her whole body twitching in fear.  
"So you understand to behave Emily, right? I'm trusting you now, and if you
  violate my trust, I'll have to punish you, and you wouldn't want that, now
  would you?" She really did have lovely eyes.  
"No sir." She even cast down her eyes when she responded, it was so cute.  
I moved toward her, she backed away till her hips bumped into the counter.  
"You know I'm going to fuck you one of these days, don't you?" She didn't
  respond.  
"Why don't take off your top so I can see your tits." She started crying
  again, though I don't think the tears had ever gone that far below the surface.  
"Come on Emily, be a good girl and show me your breasts." I didn't think
  she could do it, but the fear must have driven her on.  
It wasn't much of a striptease, but I still enjoyed it. She tried to cover
  her breasts with her hands after she'd taken off her top, and she had the most
  gorgeous flat belly.  
"Put your hands to your side Emily." Her breasts weren't huge, but they were
  so perky, her pink nipples were hard as rocks as she stood there before me.  
She tried to move away from me, but I cornered her at the counter. I clamped
  my hands on those beautiful, youthful, tits. I held her nipples between my
  fingers and pulled gently. Her skin was so soft and pliable. I love the feel
  of her flesh in my hands.  
"God I can't wait to fuck you Emily." She was whimpering softly and I let
  go of her breasts.  
"I guess we should make up some food, don't you think?" Emily nodded and
  went for her top.  
"No, no, you're so cute like that, and I have an idea." I dug through
    the drawer and pulled out a pair of wooden clothespins.  
"Let's try these out." I closed the first wooden pin so the long side was against
her chest. Emily let out a little cry as the first pin's spring closed on her
nipple. Then I did the next and stood back.   
"That is so fucking cute Emily!" I knew she didn't feel the same, but it
  didn't really matter. We spent the next 20 minutes putting together an assortment
  of sandwiches and fruit for the girls.  
"Monique is down the hall." I pointed in the direction of her room. "It's
  on the left, why don't you take this sandwich and drink to her, but I don't
  want you to talk to her, understand?" Emily nodded and headed down the hall.
  I knew she was embarrassed as hell being naked above the waist and having the
  clothespins on her tits.  
I had big plans for the two of them, Monique and Emily, I couldn't wait to
  get them on the bed together and have them eat the other out. They were both
  so cute and shy, and I knew neither would like it, at least at first.  
I waited for Emily to come back, I still had so much to do.  
My cute little girl came into the kitchen, she didn't look too happy.  
"Good girl." I reached my hand out and ran my fingers over her belly, instinctively
  she recoiled. I could feel her stomach muscles convulse.  
"Why don't you take the rest of the food down to your friends." I could see
  her trembling. I helped her grab one of the plates and I'd got an old T-shirt
  for Tara to wear.  
Emily moved with infinite slowness down the stairs. I knew she didn't want
  her friends to see her like this. I still couldn't believe my luck, 5 gorgeous
  young teenagers had fallen into my lap.  
The girls were huddled in the corner of the kennel, wrapped in the blanket.  
"Meal time." I opened the door for Emily to go inside. Without speaking she
  handed out the food. I loved the way she moved, there was a timidness that
  I knew was brought on by shame. There she was, naked from the waist up with
  clothespins clipped to her tits.  
Emily rushed back to my side as soon as she'd passed out the food.  
"If you girls promise to be good, I'll leave the cage door open, then you
  can use the bathroom." I knew they couldn't go anyplace anyway, the way the
  basement was set up there were locking doors between the kennels and the stairway.  
"Will you behave?" The girls nodded.  
"Okay." I tossed the old shirt to Tara and then grabbed Emily by the arm
  and lead her upstairs, making sure the doors were locked.  
I let Emily eat her meal and use the bathroom. I waited patiently, watching
  her eat her food. It was obvious she was self conscious with me looking at
  her, but I loved looking at her body, and those little clothespins on her tits,
  I have to say it turned me on.  
 When she was done eating I took Emily straight to the den and got on the
  computer, we had so many toys to order.  
 "Why don't you take off those panties?" I was seated in my chair, Emily
  was a few feet in front of me. Her hands were trembling so much I didn't think
  she'd be able to get out of her shorts. I'm sure she could see the bulge in
  my sweats, and I think she thought I was going to fuck her.  
 "Come on Emily." Her stomach twitched as she slid the little skirt and panties
  down around her ankles.  
 "God you're such a cute thing. Come here, sit on my lap." I could hear her
  sniffle as she sat on my thighs, her knees off to the side.  
 "No, straddle my leg." I made her swing her leg over my thigh so sat astride
  me, her pelvis on my upper leg.  
 "Good girl." I reached around her body and up between her legs, I started
  playing with her clit. I could feel her body jerk as I touched her love bud.
  She was whimpering as I touched her.  
 "Grind those hips babe. Do you want me to make you cum?" She didn't answer.
  I moved my free hand to her left breast and opened the clothespin.  
 "Ouch." It was so cute, her sweet little voice. I worked her nipple as the
  blood flowed back in.  
 "Tell me Emily, have you ever let the boys play with your tits, they're
  so nice." She didn't reply. I opened the other clip and let the blood flow
  back into her nipple.  
 "We've got work to do." I brought up the net and did a quick search for
  sex toys. There were tons of pages.  
 "Look at all these links Emily, do you have a favorite? Have you ever bought
  a dildo for yourself?" I wanted to embarrass her. I leaned in close so my chest
  was against her back. I found a page that looked good and started flipping
  through the categories.  
 "We need some whips, don't you think?" I started adding just about everything
  to the shopping cart, crops, paddles, I was indiscriminate.  
 "Look at that flogger Emily, I bet you can't wait till I use that on your
  tits, can you?" I grabbed her breast and started playing with it.  
 "Give me your hand." I grabbed her left hand and pulled it behind her.  
 "Rub my dick." I put her hand on my cock, she didn't want to, that was obvious,
  and she started moving fast.  
 "Move slow, don't make me cum in my pants." I could barely concentrate on
  the screen, even through the fabric I loved the feel of her soft hand on my
  dick.  
 I made Emily lead us through the webpage looking for more toys, gags, vibrators,
  dildos, leather, it didn't matter, I pretty much bought one of everything.
  I loved the nipple clamps I saw on the screen, clovers, weighted ones, I couldn't
  wait for the shipment to arrive. I couldn't wait to use them all on the girls'
  bodies.  
 "That's enough." I made Emily stop rubbing my cock, I was going to blow.
  I couldn't decide if I wanted to have her suck me off, or let the fearful anticipation
  continue to build in her.  
 "Get on your back!" I pushed her off my lap and onto the floor. I dropped
  my sweats and fell on top of her, straddling her hips.  
 "Jack me off, I want to cum on your tits." I could see her eyes go wide
  with shock. She didn't move so I grabbed her hand and made her circle her fingers
  around my prick. I held her hand in mine and started moving her up and down
  over my cock. I closed my eyes and bellowed as I was ready to blow.  
 "Faster!" I made her jack me off harder, I was just about to cum. Her soft
  hand on my cock felt so good.  
 "AAAAAHHHHHHH." My prick jerked and I shot my cum over her body. I could
  heard Emily whine as a long line of white sticky sperm shot over her belly,
  up onto her tits, and over her neck.  
 "AHHHHH." My prick kept shooting, dribbling cum over her body, I made her
  hold me tight.  
 "God that felt good." I made her squeeze the last few drops from the head
  of my prick as I continued to savor the orgasm.  
 "Get on your knees." I could see the revulsion in her eyes when she saw
  the streaks of cum that ran over her torso.  
 "Lick me clean." Her eyes went wide.  
 "Wha&hellip;I c&hellip;.Please&hellip;" I grabbed the back of her head and
  drew her mouth near my prick.  
 "I said lick me clean." Reluctantly Emily stuck out her tongue, she eased
  it toward the head of my cock like a timid kid dared to lick a 9 volt battery
  on a dare.  
 "Come on." I could feel the strain in her neck muscles as I brought her
  tongue into contact with my manhood.  
 "Lick me up!" In the midst of choking back the tears Emily ran her tongue
  over the head of my cock.  
 "That feels so good, good girl, keep it up." I loved the feel of her soft,
  moist, tongue on me. I was already feeling ready to cum again.  
 I made Emily clean me for a good five minutes. It was a joy to see her suffer
  through the humiliation, her tongue weaving over my still hard cock. I even
  made her take my balls into her mouth, god it was incredible.  
 I let go of the back of Emily's head.  
 "Just wait till I start fucking that little pussy of yours, then we'll have
  a really good time." I loved the way she looked down at the cum that streaked
  her torso. I knew she wanted to get into the fetal position and cry.  
 "Come on, lets get you cleaned up." I grabbed Emily by the arm and got her
  to her feet. I think she thought I was going to take her to the bathroom, but
  instead I led her down the hall to where Monique was.  
We walked in without knocking. Monique was on her back, her legs spread wide,
  and reluctantly pushing the dildo in and out of her cunt. She wasn't putting
  much effort into the act, and I knew when I watched the tape with her later
  we'd have something to discuss, but there were other needs at the moment.  
The look of horror in both girl's eyes was precious, Monique completely humiliated
  at being caught masturbating, and Emily at seeing her friend with the big black
  dildo stuffed in her twat.  
I pushed Emily toward the bed.  
"Get on your back." Monique sat up, she started pulling the fake dick from
  her pussy.  
"No, leave it in, push it deeper and clean the cum off Emily." I think for
  the first time Monique saw my cum in lines on her friends chest and tits. I
  made sure to stay out of the line of the camera, I knew I'd love to see the
  scene later, when I made Monique watch it again with me.  
I moved close to the bed, I reached between Monique's legs and pushed the
  dildo as far in as it would go. She yelped as the wide shaft filled her.  
"That's better. Clean up Emily, lick all that cum up. We wouldn't want it
  to go to waste, would we?" Emily lay absolute still on the bed. I knew she
  felt completely degraded. I don't know how close of friends she and Monique
  were, but I'm sure neither could have ever imagined this level of contact.  
The chain attached to Monique's collar jingled as she inched toward Emily's
  body. She kept looking at me, as if I would grant a reprieve.  
I needed only to nod my head in her direction and she got over Emily's body.  
Monique started at Emily's belly, I watched in sadistic glory as her tongue
  darted over Emily's flat stomach. I loved the way Emily grabbed the linens
  in her hands and balled them in her fists. Her stomach twitched, her muscles
  rippled like waves on the sea.  
Monique was utilitarian in her cleaning efforts, though I knew she was filled
  with revulsion. She moved up Emily's body licking the drops and lines of cum.
  I could hear Emily crying louder as Monique's tongue moved towards her breasts.
  With the way her body reacted though, I knew the sensations were intense.  
Emily arched her head up to look when Monique ran her tongue over her breasts.  
"Monique." Her head jerked up from her work and looked at me. "Make sure
  her nipples are clean and sucked dry." I knew there was no cum plastered on
  Emily's nipples, but I wanted Monique to give them some attention.  
In spite of the fact that Monique wasn't trying to make the scene erotic,
  it was to me. They almost looked like a pair of lovers, coupled on the bed.  
"Monique, why don't you give Emily a kiss, if there is any cum left in your
  mouth, give her a taste." Monique looked up at me with those sweet hazel eyes,
  I knew she wanted to cry. It had already been humiliating enough to lick her
  friend clean, and now I was making her give Emily an open mouth kiss.  
"She hasn't tasted my cum yet, I wouldn't want you to have all the fun." Monique
  pushed the hair off Emily's face and planted a kiss on her friend's lips. Emily
  tugged hard on the linens as Monique drove her tongue into her mouth.  
I had to rub my dick through my sweats, I wanted to cum bad again, but I
  needed to hold off till later, when I came back to watch the video with Monique.  
"Okay girls." They unlocked mouths willingly.  
"Good job Monique." I grabbed for Emily's wrist and helped her off the bed.  
"I'll let you get back to masturbating. By the way, how's that been going?" I
  didn't care, or even want her to respond, I just wanted to see her blush in
  shame because I'd said it in front of Emily.  
I slammed the door shut with Monique staring up at me from the bed, the black
  dildo still jutting from her pussy. I'd be very curious to see the tape later.  
I stopped in my room and got Emily a long T-Shirt to put on, even in that
  she was hot. I took her back into the basement to be with her friends. I knew
  they'd ask her if I fucked her, and I knew even though I didn't, it would probably
  be more humiliating for her to have to recount the tale of what had actually
  happened, me cumming on her tits and then having Monique clean it up.  
When I got back upstairs it dawned on me how exhausted I was. I'd had a busy
  24 hours, hell, it all seemed a blur when I thought back on it, though my dick
  had a clear memory of the two tight little pussies I'd fucked. I decided on
  a nap, I was tempted to lay down with Monique, but I didn't want to take her
  away from the torment I'd set upon her. I loved the idea of her staring at
  the clock, agonizing over the minutes till she had to masturbate for the camera
  again.  
My dick was still hard when I laid down. Usually I got to sleep easily, but
  with all my new pets on my mind it was hard. I still couldn't believe my luck.
  Finally I just had to let the image of my girls ease me off to sleep.  
Chapter Four  
When I awoke I'd forgot about what had happened for an instant, but then,
  the glorious reality came back to me and I remembered Monique was across the
  hall, and my 4 other beauties were in the basement, life is good.  
Looking outside the sun was setting in the west. I still had to make dinner
  for me and the girls, and on the grander scale, I still needed to start preparations
  for my dungeon. I also had to get outfits for my girls, lacy things, leather,
  anything I'd ever fantasized about. There was a lot of work involved in kidnapping,
  and keeping 5 slaves.  
I started toward Monique's door, but then thought better of it. I needed
  to make her suffer longer, stuffing that big dildo in her pussy&hellip;  
When I got to the kitchen the dogs were going crazy, they'd spent most of
  the day outdoors. I had a doggy door put in last year so they could come and
  go as they pleased, I had about a 10 acre fenced in yard out back, before the
  woods started.  
Spike jumped up on me, his tail wagging like mad.  
"Hey Buddy." I knew he could sense the girls in the house. I figured I'd
  use the dogs later to drive more fear into the girls, though I knew the two
  dogs wouldn't hurt a thing, but the girls didn't need to know that.  
I set about making food, for the dogs, and the girls, both my sets of pets.
  I needed to keep the girls wanting and dependent upon me. I still didn't know
  exactly what I was going to do in the long run with them, but it was a hell
  of a lot of fun to go on the journey.  
I knew Jim, my buddy, was probably going crazy with anticipation. I was probably
  a little cruel not to tell him more, but what can you do?  
After I finished feeding the dogs I carried the girls' food down into the
  basement, they were huddled together on the sleeping bag.  
"Hello my pets'." I made a tray of chicken breasts and cooked veggies along
  with some lemonade.  
"Dinner is served." I set the tray just outside the kennel door and leaned
  up against the workhorse.  
"Don't be shy, go ahead." Tara inched out and picked up the food, taking
  it back to her friends. I liked that she was regaining I little of her boldness,
  all the better to break down the line.  
I sat and watched them eat, not saying a word, just taking in the vision
  of my lovelies. I knew they could feel the weight of my stare on them, I'm
  sure they wondered what terror I would inflict on them next, but I wasn't going
  to give up my hand, not yet at least.  
"I meant to ask Emily, how did you like the taste of cum when you and Monique
  kissed?" I saw her lips quiver as I smiled.  
"Well, I have some things to take care of, but I'll see you in the morning.
  We will be having a visitor tomorrow, one of my oldest friends. I'm sure you'll
  go out of your way to taking care of him. Sleep tight." I kind of chuckled
  to myself as I locked them in the basement for the night. I wondered what they
  were thinking now.  
I dropped food off for Monique, she was on the bed, hiding under the blankets.  
"Hey my slut, dinner is served." Her eyes followed me across the room. I
  saw the dildo next to the camera, about as far away from her as possible. I
  couldn't help but smile.  
I tapped her leg under the cover.  
"I've got to be off for the moment, but don't worry, I'll be back. We're
  going to watch that tape tonight.  
It was hard to leave my flock, but I decided I needed to leave the girls
  alone for awhile and pick up some groceries. I was running out of food having
  all the additional guests. I did make sure to pick up some vegetable items
  that I had some dual purpose work in mind for. I got a few very nice, very
  large cucumbers.  
I thought about stopping by the shop to talk with Jim, but my dick was aching
  again and I couldn't wait to watch the video with Monique. I knew it was an
  interesting show.  
After I put everything away, I sat and watched TV for awhile. I knew the
  longer I waited, the more Monique would stew.  
Monique was wide eyed as I entered the room. She was there, the collar around
  her neck, sitting naked on the bed, God she was gorgeous. Instinctively she
  brought her arms in, trying to cover herself, subtly she brought her legs together.  
I sat down on the edge of the bed.  
"How was your day?" I reached out and cupped her chin, her eyes were already
  moist and I could tell she was about to lose it.  
I grabbed the chain attached to her collar and pulled her toward me, I clamped
  my mouth on hers and let my tongue explore. She was so sweet my cock twitched
  in anticipation.  
I let go of Monique's chain and captured her nipple between my fingers.  
"So, are you ready to watch the tape?" She just stared up at me. "Did you
  use that big dildo to fill your pussy?" I smiled, then stood up and went to
  the camera, I rewound the tape and hooked the outputs so it would show on the
  TV.  
The image popped up on screen, it was a close up of Monique's belly. Even
  on screen I could tell she was terrified. She moved back toward the bed, and
  when her face showed on screen, I could see she was crying. She sat down on
  the mattress and tried to cover herself as she just stared at the camera.  
I stripped out of my clothes and sat on the bed next to Monique. I was already
  hard, and the pre-cum was dripping from the head of my cock. I pulled Monique
  to me. I laid on my side and moved her so she was in front of me, her body
  molded to mine. My dick inched between her warm, inviting thighs and I clamped
  my hands on her tits.  
"How many times did you cum today?"  
On screen Monique's body shuddered and I could tell she had absolutely no
  desire to masturbate, but she was scared of me. She propped a pillow under
  her back and lay flat on the bed. Tentatively she spread her legs, she had
  amazing flexibility, something I couldn't help but note for the future. She
  picked up the large black dildo, she stared at it in disbelief, it was huge
  and would make a tight fit in her small pussy.  
"Is this the good part where you cum for me?" I twisted Monique's nipple
  till she yelped. She was trying not to look at the screen and the image she'd
  made.  
On screen Monique pushed the head of the dildo against her opening, the black
  rubber gleamed in the overhead light, she'd coated it with tons of lube.  
I slid a finger into Monique's pussy.  
"Are you still sore from me fucking you last night?" I could feel her body
  shaking against mine. On screen I could hear her sobbing as the big dildo inched
  deeper into her cunt. I saw her knees jerk up as the thicker head of the dildo
  eased into her channel.  
Monique held the large shaft in two hands, slowly she drove it deeper into
  her body, but not much. She started pulling the dildo back out again, she wasn't
  putting a whole lot of effort into the act.  
I thrust my finger deep in her pussy and she groaned in obvious discomfort.
  The video continued on, but nothing changed.  
"What's this?" I slapped Monique hard across the face, I stood up on the
  bed and grabbed for the chain around her neck, making her wail out in pain
  as I tugged her upright. "What the fuck is this?" I pointed at the screen. "I
  told you I wanted you to masturbate for me, this is&hellip;I don't know what
  the fuck this is." I threw her back down on the bed and went for the dildo.
  I tossed it at her.  
"Come on, fuck it slut!" The tears streamed down Monique's cheeks. I picked
  up my belt from the floor.  
"Start fucking the dildo, get your fingers on your clit, do something. I
  know you know what to do!" I brought the doubled up belt down on Monique's
  breast, the sound of leather on flesh rang through the room. She cried out,
  but didn't move.  
The next blow was on her pussy. I knew it hurt her by the shrill cry I got
  from her. She tried to cross her leg over her mound, but I grabbed her knee
  and brought the belt down again. On screen nothing had changed, Monique continued
  to barely push the dildo in her cunt.  
I climbed on the bed and took hold of the dildo, I didn't care if I hurt
  her, but I pushed the head of the shaft against her opening and drove it in,
  her whole body reacted. I forced the fake cock deep in her pussy, leaving it
  embedded in her for a second.  
"Come on cunt, rub that clit, play with your tits." I slowly pulled the dildo
  from her snatch till the head was almost free, then I slammed it back in. I
  grabbed for her hand and moved it over her clit. I brought the belt down on
  her tit again.  
"Do something!" I held her hand to her body till she started playing with
  herself. "Play with those tits you whore." Monique's sobbing was intense. I
  started moving the dildo in and out of her pussy, as I drove it deep into her
  hips would arch, her legs were shaking.  
I continued to fuck her with the dildo, picking up speed as I went. I loved
  the look of her cunt spreading, straining to take in the large black shaft.
  The contrasting color of her white skin against the gleaming black was driving
  me on.  
"That's it whore, move those fingers, I want to see you cum!" I picked up
  the belt and brought it down on her belly, I loved the sound, and the red mark
  that stood out on her skin almost immediately.  
As I continued to drive the dildo home, I could see Monique's pussy growing
  wetter. She was even moving her fingers with more intensity on her clit. Her
  nipples were hard and pointed, and I could see the convulsions in her belly.  
"That's it, tell me you want to cum, beg me to let you!" The only response
  I got was louder cries, but I didn't care. I was brutally fucking her with
  the dildo. With my free hand I grabbed her's and pushed her fingers harder
  against her clit.  
"Come on slut. Tell me what a dirty little bitch you are. Tell me how you
  want to cum!" Monique was crying, but I could also hear the moans escaping
  from her chest.  
"That's it slut. You're just a dirty whore. You want to cum, you want me
  to fuck you and blow in your pussy, tell me." I grabbed for her breasts and
  took hold. I twisted her nipple till she screamed. I drove the dildo into her,
  leaving it impaled for a second in her tight hole, then taking it out, so it
  was almost free. She'd arch her hips, trying to keep it in her, then I'd slam
  the long shaft home again. She was just about to orgasm.  
I pulled the dildo out of her pussy, then grabbed her hand so she couldn't
  rub her clit.  
"Beg me to let you cum whore. Tell me you're just a no good cock sucker,
  tell me!" I could sense the hesitation, her moans were growing louder. She
  barely whispered out.  
"What was that slut?" I twisted her nipple violently.  
It was barely audible, but I could still hear her.  
"Please let me cum." I rammed the dildo back in her pussy and let go of her
  hand. She had her fingers on her clit in an instant, then she started to scream.
  I kept driving the dildo home, rotating the bulbous head inside of her, moving
  it up and down so she had to move her hips with the motion.  
"That's it slut! Beg me to fuck you!" I left the dildo deep in her body and
  moved to her breasts, I took hold of her nipples and pulled them taut.  
"Beg me to fuck you cunt!" Monique was too lost in her own reverie. I flipped
  her over onto her belly, I couldn't wait any longer, I was going to blow.  
I pulled the black dildo out with a pop, her pussy was gushing now.  
"Grab your ankles and spread your legs for me cunt!" She had the most beautiful,
  perfect ass. I forced two fingers into her snatch.  
Monique grabbed her ankles, it spread her legs nicely. I dropped my weight
  on her and drove home. I almost came when I felt the muscles of her vagina
  contracting on my prick. It felt so good.  
The uninspired masturbation scene was still going on TV. I grabbed Monique's
  hair and made her look up at the screen. I started pounding into her from behind.
  I loved the feel of her under me, I loved the feel of her pussy holding tight
  to my cock.  
"That's it cunt, squeeze me tight, look at the screen, look at what a little
  whore you are." I jack hammered into her pussy, I was just about to blow. "You're
  such a little whore, what would mommy and daddy think? Ahhh. You're going to
  cum for me every day, right bitch?" I slammed home, driving my cock to the
  hilt and started spurting. I couldn't stop cumming, my balls kept pumping,
  filling her with my sperm. "That's it baby, can you feel all that cum." I held
  her head up to look at the screen. I could feel her body tensing under mine,
  her hips, the contractions in her back as she started crying again.  
Finally I just collapsed on top of her. My dick still held within the warm
  confines of her pussy. I knew we'd made some improvement today. I was going
  to do the same thing tomorrow, tape her and make her masturbate for me.  
I don't know, I probably laid atop her for a good ten minutes. The feeling
  was too glorious to move. I got off the bed and stood over her, her head was
  almost hanging over the edge, her face pressed in the covers. I stared down
  at her for a second, then grabbed a clump of hair and made her twist onto her
  back. My dick was right in front of her eyes.  
"So slut, when I tell you to masturbate for the camera tomorrow, you know
  what you have to do?" She just stared blindly up at me.  
"I was speaking to you whore. Do you want me to get out the belt and reinforce
  our lesson?"  
"No."  
"No sir, no sir! Is how you are to respond." I smacked her across the face.  
"No sir!" I loved the look of terror in her eyes.  
"When I tell you to masturbate are you going to do it slut?" She hesitated.  
"Yes sir." I couldn't hold back the smirk.  
"Good, now clean my cock you little cum sucker." I didn't really give her
  the option of obeying, I bent at the knees and forced my waning prick in her
  mouth. I could hear her gag as I forced my length into her and drove my ass
  crack into her face. Her tongue movements over my cock were incredible, and
  I had to let out a guttural roar it felt so good.  
I eased up a little and pulled my cock from her mouth. Monique obeyed and
  used her tongue to clean me. I had her suck my balls till I was near cumming
  again, then I pulled free.  
"I'm tempted to hogtie you for the night, unless you promise to be a good
  girl." I'm not sure she really knew what a hogtie was, but she didn't want
  to find out either.  
"I'll be good." She stuttered out. I stared down at her, I wanted to make
  her think it was a big decision for me not to tie her up, even though I'd already
  decided I wanted to sleep with her. She had the most beautiful, obsequious
  eyes.  
"Okay." I ran my hand through her hair.  
I unlocked the chain from Monique's collar and dragged her into my bedroom.
  I undid the collar around her neck and pushed her into the shower.  
"Clean up slut." I slammed the bathroom door shut and sat on the bed. It
  had been a long day. I was looking forward to my buddy coming over. I was already
  thinking about some things I wanted to do. I kept thinking about Jayme's tits
  and what I was going to do with them, and then, after abusing her breasts,
  I decided it was about time for a good old double penetration. I knew she wouldn't
  like it, she seemed like the shy type and I knew it would humiliate her. I
  don't know why, but she seemed the type that was forced by her mom to be a
  cheerleader in the first place, and I'm sure having a dick in her pussy and
  ass wasn't the highest priority goal in her life.  
Monique came from the bathroom without being prodded. She walked timidly
  toward the bed. All I had to do was point to the floor and she fell to her
  knees. Her hair was still wet as I put the collar back around her neck.  
"If you are a good girl I won't bind your wrists. Okay?" Her lips were quivering
  slightly.  
"Yes sir." I tapped the bed next to me. She climbed into the bed warily.
  I pulled the covers over us and held her in a big bear hug. I'm sure sometime
  in the night I'd have to fuck her again. Feeling that soft skinned girl against
  me was more than I could have asked for.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks&hellip;.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com  
 Chapter Five  
 I woke up with Monique in my arms. I could feel her body tense against mine
  as I moved, and I wondered if she'd got any sleep at all during the night?  
I'd slept wonderfully, I didn't wake up once. I'd thought for sure I'd have
  needed to cum, but it hadn't worked out that way.  
 "Good morning slave." I brushed the hair out of her eyes. "Are you disappointed
  I didn't fuck you in the night?" Monique remained silent, I could sense the
  incredible disdain she was feeling and I thrust my finger in her pussy.  
 "I love this little cunt. Tell me you're my whore!" I could feel her body
  shudder against mine as she started to cry.  
 "Get off the bed!" I pushed Monique off the mattress and she fell to her
  knees on the floor. I reached down and took off her collar.  
 "Get up, put your hands behind your head and show me that body of yours!" Her
  eyes were already moist. She stood up, hesitantly she put her arms up behind
  her head, I loved the way her tits looked, so young and taut.  
 "Spread those legs wider slut." Monique eased her legs wide, she was so
  gorgeous. I could almost see her pussy twitching. I didn't know if she was
  starting to like it, or if it was just the embarrassment.  
 "Why don't you spread that pussy of your so I can see your cute little pink
  snatch." Monique's arms trembled as she moved her fingers down to her labia
  and spread her lips, showing the shining pink flesh of her pussy.  
 "Do you want me to stick my cock in there and fill you up cunt?" Monique
  just stared at the floor.  
 "Go kneel on the floor in the shower, rub that pussy till you're about to
  cum, I'll be in shortly!" I got up from the bed. My dick was aching, it was
  so sensitive I had to be careful. I called Jim on the phone to tell him to
  get over here by 4, I really couldn't wait much longer, it was going to be
  so much fun once he got here.  
 When I went into the bathroom Monique was kneeling on the floor in the shower,
  her fingers working away at her clit, her nipples were hard and her breasts
  jiggled enticingly.  
 "Are you ready to cum you fucking whore?" When she didn't respond I stepped
  into the shower and grabbed her hair, I arched her head back.  
 "I said are you ready to cum you fucking whore?"  
 "Yes, yes." I slapped her across the face at the response.  
 "Yes sir, you answer me as yes sir slut!" I pinched her nipples till she
  screamed.  
 "Now you can cum slut!" On call Monique started to moan, I continued to
  hold her nipples in my hands, pinching them hard and twisting.  
 Monique's knees were shaking so violently I thought she'd collapse on the
  floor, she had a finger buried in her pussy and her other hand was on her clit,
  rubbing hard.  
 "That's it slut, tell me how it feels!" Monique was groaning, her body shuddering,
  I don't know if she heard a word I said.  
 I pulled my hands from her tits and turned on the water, she screamed in
  shock as the cold water hit her, she tried to stand up but I pushed her back
  down.  
 "Tell me when the water is warm enough for my shower slut!" I could see
  the goose pimples break out on her skin. She tried to cross her hands over
  her breasts to keep the cold water from her sensitive tits.  
 "Is the water getting warmer yet slut? She was shivering under the tepid
  stream. I left her like that till the water heater started to work, and as
  soon as it was hot enough, I climbed in.  
 "Clean me good slave." I handed her a sponge and soap.  
 Monique got reluctantly to her feet and started rubbing me down with the
  soap. She had gloriously soft hands. I placed my palms against the tiles and
  let her move over me. I loved the way the water ran in streams down her face
  and through her hair, it made her look so provocative.  
 "Rub those tits up against me!" I felt the hard points of her nipples against
  my back.  
 "Don't forget to clean my dick, we wouldn't want it dirty when I fuck your
  friends, would we?"  
 I almost lost it when Monique started cleaning my balls with the sponge.
  I was definitely going to get used to having this slut wash me every morning.  
 When I got out of the shower I had her dry me down.  
 "Clean up slave. You have 20 minutes, then I want you on the floor next
  to the bed, on your knees with your hands behind your head waiting for me!" I
  put on a pair of loose fitting sweats and headed into the kitchen. I started
  making up the meal for the girls' lunch. Jim was going to be over early I hoped,
  maybe 3 if he could, 4 at the latest, and I still had a few things to do before
  he got here.  
 When I got back into the bedroom Monique was there on the floor like I'd
  told her. She didn't have enough time to completely dry her hair, but I liked
  it that way. I liked the way it was wet and dripping on her naked skin. I loved
  the way there was still a film of water on her belly and between her tits,
  I could almost imagine it was caused by a long fucking session. I like when
  my bitches get all hot and sweaty for me.  
 "Good girl." I held out her collar for her.  
 "Put it on for me slut." I loved the way she stared at the collar with foreboding,
  then tenuously placed it around her neck.  
 "Tell me cunt, did you have a good orgasm this morning?" I clicked the lock
  shut on the collar. Her eyes stared up at me, there was a mixture of anger
  and despair in her deep hazel eyes.  
 "I'm going to leave you in the room again today. I want you to tape yourself
  masturbating every 2 hours, just like yesterday, though, I expect a lot more
  effort today, do you understand?"  
 "Yes sir." Begrudgingly she replied.  
 "Tell me what you're going to do."  
 "I'm going to ma&hellip;" I grabbed her collar and pulled her so we were
  face to face, no more than an inch separated us.  
 "No slut, there are no more I's for you. You're my property now, a lowly
  piece of trash for me to do as I see fit with. You will always refer to yourself
  in the third person, you are my slut, my slave, my cunt, my whore, but no longer
  a person." I let go of the collar. "Now tell me what you're going to do?" I
  could see her cheek twitching as she sniffled out the words  
 "This whore is going to masturbate every two hours and tape it, she will
  work hard to cum..." she hesitated, "This whore will work hard to cum for you
  Master." I grinned and tapped Monique on the head.  
 "Good girl." I grabbed for her collar and got her to her feet. I pulled
  her along behind me into the other room and attached the chain so she couldn't
  go anywhere. When I slammed the door shut behind me as I left, I knew that
  my dear Monique was truly becoming the pet I envisioned.  
 I went down into the basement, instead of going to the kennel side with
  the girls', I headed off to my storage area. Right were I expected I found
  the old double mattress and box spring. They weren't heavy, so I started dragging
  them toward the kennel. When I opened the door all the girls stared at me as
  I moved in with the bed.  
 "Hello slaves!" Very subtly the girl's inched further back in the kennel.  
 "I hope you didn't forget we have a visitor today." Emily and Jayme moved
  close together, they were almost touching, as if that gave them some kind of
  comfort.  
 I set the frame down on the floor, and then put the mattress on top of it.
  I put it in the middle of the room, within clear site of the kennel the girls
  huddled in.  
 "Tara, get your ass out here, and take that shirt off!" I pointed to where
  I stood. The lines from her punishment were clearly visible on her ass and
  thighs still. It didn't seem to affect her gait, so I assumed it didn't hurt
  much anymore. She did have most beautiful breasts, and I loved the way they
  swayed as she walked.  
 "Get on your back!" I pointed to the mattress. Watching her hesitate, I
  knew she was considering the options of disobedience.  
 Tara climbed on the bed, she put her hands to her sides, her legs were slightly
  open.  
 "Get those legs in the air cunt, spread them and keep them up. Get that
  pussy ready for me!" I knew she was filled with rage, desperate to fight against
  me, but she also knew I wasn't screwing around, especially not with her.  
 Tara put her legs in the air, I could see the muscles in her thighs straining
  as she held them aloft. She put her hands down between her legs and started
  playing with herself. Her nipples grew slowly harder as she moved her fingers
  over her clit.  
 I dropped my sweats and took off my top. I started to stroke my cock, I
  could see Tara looking up between her splayed thighs watching me. The way her
  legs started to tremble, I knew she was starting to get aroused.  
 I fell on her, slamming into her pussy with one brutal thrust. I grabbed
  for her hair and made her look up at me.  
 "Wrap those legs around me cunt, you'd better put more effort into this
  than anything you've ever done!" I was already pounding into her pussy, driving
  my prick home like a piston into her snatch. I felt her close those long, beautiful,
  legs around my back and lock her ankles together over my ass. I heard her grunt
  as I slammed down into her, she arched her hips up, fucking me back.  
 "Scrub those titties against me slut, I want to feel those nipples on my
  skin!" Tara glared up at me, but she ground her breasts against my chest. She
  locked her arms around my back and bucked against my body as I fucked of her.  
 "That's it whore!" The bed creaked, I could feel the sweat of our bodies
  mixing. Tara had a tight little cunt and I could feel her vaginal muscles contracting
  and squeezing me as I pulled my cock nearly out, then pounded back into her
  waiting hole.  
 I grabbed her hair and arched her head back.  
 "How do you like that slut, do you like my dick slamming into you? You're
  just a fucking whore!" The sound of the bed creaking rang through the basement.
  I didn't even bother to look up and see what the other girl's were doing. I
  continued to bury my dick in Tara's inviting pussy, driving my balls against
  her ass.  
 "I'm going to cum, fuck me bitch!" Tara slid her tits across my chest. I
  could feel her legs squeeze me tight as her ass hopped up and down off the
  mattress as I pounded down.  
 "AAAHHHHHHH!" I felt my sperm fill her pussy. I could feel her holding me
  tight, her vaginal muscles spasmed and sucking in my cum deep in her belly.
  I kept ramming my dick in her till it hurt.  
 I finally collapsed a top her, she kept her arms and legs locked around
  me, her head was to the side, I could see the tears streaking down her cheek
  as she looked away from me.  
 It took a good ten minutes before I was willing to uncouple from my little
  whore. I stood up, my cock dripping, I dragged Tara across the bed by the shoulders
  till her head was hanging over the edge. I didn't bother telling her, I just
  bent down and thrust my waning cock in her mouth. I think she knew what I wanted
  her to do.  
 After Tara licked me clean, I left her on the bed as I pulled my dick from
  her mouth, she just lay there, her legs spread as I called for Emily.  
 "Get out here Emily, there's food upstairs, I need to you grab it." Emily
  slowly shuffled out of the kennel, she looked so scared.  
 I followed Emily up the stairs, I put my sweats back on, but with the sensitivity
  of my cock it was almost too painful.  
 I put all the food on a tray for Emily to carry back down to the others.  
 "When you've passed it all out, I want you to come back up here, and close
  the door behind you when you come back up, understand?" Emily barely looked
  me in the eyes, I thought she was going to start crying again.  
 It only took a few minutes, when she came back upstairs I took Emily into
  the living room and sat her down on the couch next to me. I wasn't much in
  the mood to do anything till Jim got here.  
 Emily's body recoiled as I pulled her to me.  
 "Let's get that shirt off!" I lifted the long T-Shirt over her head. I caught
  myself staring at her tits, they were so beautiful, so perfect, her nipples
  were hard and pointed.  
 "God you're so hot!" I ran my hand over her tits and belly.  
 I heard the dogs howl as they came in through the dog door. They were barking
  and wild after having spent most of the day playing outside.  
 "Hey buddies." The dogs were jumping around in front of us. I could feel
  Emily press closer as the dogs started hopping on the couch.  
 "This is one of my new whores." I introduced my dogs to my other pets. Spike
  forced his nose towards Emily's naked sex, she tried to press her legs together.  
 "God, stop him, stop him!" Emily started screaming as Spike pressed his
  snout between her legs and started licking her pussy.  
 "Stop him, stop him, please!" I wrapped my arm around Emily and held her
  tight.  
 "Open those legs, let him have a taste, you have such a sweet little pussy." Spikes
  long moist tongue lapped against her clit. I could feel her body twitch as
  the big lab hit the right spot.  
 "Spread those thighs." I pulled her knee wide so Spike had better access.
  He continued to lick away, I would have made him stop, but I loved the abject
  humiliation it raised in Emily.  
 I started pulling on Emily's nipples. She was whimpering, whining, begging
  me to have it stop.  
 "That's enough Spike." I pushed the big lab away. "Go get your food!" I
  pointed him toward the kitchen. For an instant he looked disappointed, then
  he bolted for his dish, Shadow followed closely behind.  
 I put my fingers on Emily's clit and started rubbing.  
 "I think they liked you slut!" Emily was sobbing.  
 "Lets watch some TV." I flipped on the tube, there wasn't anything good
  on, but I was fine holding my little slave in my arms, occasionally playing
  with her tits, or rubbing her clit till she started to sweat. I didn't make
  her cum, I didn't want to give her the release, yet. I was still trying to
  figure out when I was going to fuck her.  
 I kept looking up at the clock. I couldn't wait for Jim to get over. We'd
  known each other since we were children. I don't think there is anything we
  hadn't done together. We'd even fucked this one chick together once. We'd picked
  her up at the bar, some little college wench that got too drunk. It was summer
  so we took the slut out into the fields and fucked her brains out in the back
  of my truck. That was the first time I rammed my dick in a girl's ass, Jim
  had his dick in her pussy and I reamed her butt good. She'd passed out at some
  point, and when we were through with her, we left her in her car, cum plastered
  to her face after we jacked off on her. I would have given quite a bit to see
  the look in her eyes when she looked in the mirror that morning. I don't think
  there is much hotter than a cute girl with cum on her face.  
 I leaned over and started kissing Emily on the mouth. She tried to wrench
  her face away from mine, but I held her firm. She always whimpered like a hurt
  animal when I humiliated her, god I loved it.  
 I looked up at the clock again, 3:35, Jim had told me he'd try to get out
  early, but since I was the absent owner and he had to take care of a lot of
  the crap I didn't want to, I guess I shouldn't curse his name too much.  
 "I bet you can't wait slut, my buddy is coming over." I reached down and
  spread her pussy lips. "Don't worry. I'm not going to let him fuck you, you're
  my personal whore, you and Monique. I bet you can't wait to find out what I
  have in store for the two of you?" Emily's body jolted as the knock came at
  the door.  
 "Awesome, it's about fucking time." I got to my feet.  
 "Get to your knees on the floor. Put your arms up behind your head, and
  make sure to spread those legs wide so Jimmy can get a good look at your snatch." Emily
  rolled despondently off the couch and got to her knees. Her breasts stretched
  as she put her hands up behind her head.  
 "God your fucking hot!" I had to turn away from the lovely image as I ran
  to the door. What good is it having five cute slaves if you can't share them
  with somebody.  
 "Jim!" I put my hand out, I was so wired with excitement.  
 "So what's so damn important that I had to come over." I think he probably
  had a clue, based on the car, but he played dumb.  
 "Get in here. I've got to show you something." I lead Jim in through the
  living room.  
 "So how's everything at the shop?" I had to get in a little bit of business,
  I knew in a few minutes I wouldn't be getting anything out of him about the
  shop.  
 "Fine, fine, nothing out of the norm, same old shit. Ted Johnson had to
  haul in his tractor, snapped a transm&hellip;" Jim went speechless when we
  walked into the entertainment room and saw Emily there, that gorgeous body,
  those beautiful titties and her legs spread wide.  
 "Holy shit, what did you do?" Emily was visibly trembling.  
 "You know that car I told you about in the back field?"  
 "You kidnapped this little thing!" Jim was in front of Emily, he grabbed
  her nipple and started playing with her breast.  
 "Not just her, five of them, all cheerleaders'."  
 "Holy shit, holy shit. I heard about them on the radio..." Jim was too engrossed
  in the wonders of Emily's body to articulate more.  
 "Holy shit!" Jim bent down and fingered Emily's pussy.  
 "Have you fucked her yet?" He ran his hands over her stomach, then moved
  back to her tits.  
 "Not this one. I'm saving this one for a personal pet. I don't want to use
  her, yet."  
 "Holy shit!"  
 "Let me show you the others." I grabbed Emily by the arm and got her too
  her feet. I think she was actually happy to be pulled free of Jim's attentions.  
 "I've got the other one I've picked out in the back bedroom, you can have
  your choice of the rest. You're going to stay the night, right?"  
 "Yeah, yeah, whatever." Jim couldn't take his eyes off Emily. I walked him
  back to the bedroom where Monique was. At first, when I opened the door Monique
  wasn't too shocked, then she saw Jim and I could see her body visibly tense.  
 "Holy shit!" I had to smile. I loved Jim's reactions, he was more surprised
  than I could have expected.  
 "This is my cock whore Monique."  
 "You're keeping her collared?"  
 "Yeah, what do you expect, they're my slaves." I grabbed Emily and pulled
  her close. "I'm waiting to put a collar on this one till after I fuck her."  
 "Holy shit."  
 "Tell my buddy what you're doing Monique." I could see her blush. I'm sure
  her mouth was so dry it was hard to get out the words.  
 "This cunt is masturbating every two hours and taping it for Master to see." She
  was talking into her chest as her face went deep red with shame.  
 "Let's get downstairs, I've got three more, and you can do whatever the
  hell you want with them." I put my hand around Emily's neck and led her out
  of the room behind Jim.  
 "I can't believe you kidnapped 5 girls."  
 "I didn't plan it. It just played out perfectly. They're car broke down,
  nobody knew where the hell they were, and&hellip;" I really didn't know any
  way of rationalizing what I'd done.  
 I think Jim was too much in shock to say much. We walked down the stairs
  and into the kennel. The room went absolutely silent when Jim passed through
  the door. I could see his eyes go wide.  
 "These are my new pets." I held tight to Emily's neck and moved her toward
  one of the dog cages on the floor.  
 "Get in there." I pushed her down to the floor so she had to crawl into
  the cage. I think she was a little shocked as I put the pin in the door and
  locked her in.  
 I moved back to where Jim was standing, his eyes locked on the girls huddled
  in the kennel.  
 "I can't believe you did this."  
 "What, do you have a problem with it? I didn't forget about you, I'm going
  to give one of them to you after all, well, that is if you want one? Don't
  tell me you've got all celibate on me and don't want a personal slave?" He
  looked at me, for a second he was expressionless, but then a small grin came
  to his face. I didn't wait for any further response.  
 "Tara, take that shirt off and get over here. Show Jim the punishment I
  had to give you." The look on Tara's face was vicious. She took off the old
  T-Shirt and moved slowly toward the door.  
 "Get that ass over here!" When Tara was close at hand I grabbed a clump
  of hair and made her bend at the waist, I turned her so her ass was inches
  from Jim.  
 "Tara volunteered to show the other girls what would happen to them if they
  didn't behave." Jim ran his fingers over the red lines crossing Tara's ass
  and thighs.  
 "Crawl back into your cage slut!" I let got of Tara's hair and pushed her
  to the floor. She crawled on her hands and knees back into the cage.  
 "That other one, that's Lisa. She's not a bad cock sucker, though, I've
  just had her clean my dick after I fucked Tara's pussy, I haven't tested how
  good she is at swallowing cum yet."  
 "And the other one, hell, I can't even remember her name, but look at those
  tits."  
 "We should call her Tits." Jim seemed to be coming around. "Yeah, we should
  call her Tits, that's a good name, don't you think?" Jim looked at me, wonder
  in his eyes.  
 "Hey Tits, get the hell out here." Jayme started shaking but just stood
  still. I could see Lisa nod her head in my direction, telling her to come to
  me.  
 "Tits, get your ass out here!" She was so nervous her knee gave way and
  she almost tumbled to the ground, but Tara grabbed hold of her just before
  she fell. As soon as she neared the kennel door I grabbed her by the hair and
  yanked her full into the basement. I slammed the door behind and locked it
  shut.  
 "Tits, what the fuck were you thinking, when I say to do something, you
  do it!" I pushed her out into the center of the room, right near the bed.  
 "Get those clothes off Tits." Her whole body was shaking like a leaf.  
 "I&hellip;I&hellip;can't." The tears streaked down her face, taking any
  residual make up with them.  
 "What? Would you rather I did it for you?" I pointed to the rags that had
  once been Tara's clothes on the floor." Her hands were shaking violently. She
  moved slow, she was barely able to undo the zipper on her vest. I could see
  Jim was getting anxious, I try not to notice these things about guys, but he
  clearly had a hard on.  
 "I've got an idea Jim, you wait here, make sure she strips and I'll be right
  back." Jayme, or Tits, had just got the little skirt down around her ankles
  as I started out for the workshop.  
 I was only gone a couple minutes, and when I got back downstairs Jayme was
  in her panties and bra. I thought Jim was going to pounce on her as he watched
  her, barely acknowledging my presence.  
 "Look what I got." I held up a couple long thin leather bootlaces, and a
  couple more alligator clips. They were like the ones I'd used on Tara, but
  the teeth weren't as sharp.  
 "And look at these." I held up a handful of lead fishing weights.  
 "Let's get this bitch undressed and then have some fun." I didn't need to
  prod Jim on, he moved toward the girl with cat like quickness. He grabbed one
  arm and I grabbed the other. Jayme struggled mightily, kicking and screaming,
  but she was no match for Jim and I.  
 We popped Jayme's bra off revealing her huge tits. She had big brown aureoles,
  we tossed her face down on the bed and ripped off her panties, we left her
  little shoes on, she was so cute, her body was so tight, and those tits&hellip;  
 "Get the fuck up your, show us those tits!" Jayme picked her face up off
  the mattress, she looked at me with pleading eyes, hoping that I wasn't going
  to make her do it.  
 I smacked her ass hard with my open hand, I kept bringing down my palm till
  her skin glowed red.  
 "Come on slut, show us your tits, you should be proud of them!" I knew she
  wasn't, they'd probably been an object she'd rather forget, guys staring at
  her breasts instead of her eyes, always trying to cop a feel.  
 Jayme got to her feet on wobbly knees.  
 "Put those hands behind your head and push out those tits!" I don't know
  what size they were, but they were huge, and perfectly formed, no sags, the
  perfect forms of youth.  
 I reached out and grabbed her nipples, I twisted them violently and pulled
  her too me.  
 "How do you like cock slut?" I smiled as I pushed her to her knees.  
 "Go ahead Jim, it looks like you're about to blow!" I slapped Jayme's breast
  hard, it was a beautiful sound, as soon as she opened her mouth to scream Jim
  rammed home. He showed the girl no mercy, she wasn't overly big in the first
  place, and when Jim's cock buried to the hilt, I could see the bulge in her
  throat as she started to gag. I grabbed hold of her wrists before she could
  try to push him away and forced them behind her back.  
 Jim forced the length of his shaft in Jayme's mouth, her face was going
  red, her tits shuddered like jell-o, her head was so tight to his body her
  nose was pressed into his crotch.  
 "That's it cunt, swallow my cock!" Jim bellowed out. I thought the girl
  was going to pass out, as he started jack hammering her head on his prick.
  I loved the slurping sound, no, it wasn't a slurping sound really, that doesn't
  do justice to the violence, and the manic way he fucked her. She was gagging,
  desperately trying to take in the intrusion, I don't know that she'd ever given
  a blow job before?  
 Jim used Jayme's hair to ram his cock in, with each thrust I could see the
  bulge grow in her mouth as he got deeper and deeper.  
Holding Jayme's arms in one hand I used my other to grab those tits. They
  were so big I couldn't even fit one in my palm, I dug my fingers into her flesh,
  ripping at those monster tits. Her nipples had gone hard, and they were so
  fun to play with. I could hear her react as I pinched them, though the cock
  in her mouth muffled most of the scream.  
 Jim had both hands on the back of Jayme's head, he was driving her down
  on him brutally, he rammed his hips forward in one final attack as he blew
  in her mouth, he let out a guttural roar as the cum flooded Jayme's mouth.
  I could see the sperm bubbling out of her mouth as her lips tried to make a
  seal on his cock.  
 "Fuck yeah, fuck yeah." Jim held Jayme's mouth on his cock till every last
  drop was drained from his prick. When he finally pulled out he started slapping
  Jayme's tits.  
 "Holy shit, I've never had my cock sucked like that." Jayme collapsed on
  the floor in a heap, she tried to cough up much of the sperm, but Jim had shot
  a good portion straight down her throat.  
 "Get her up on the bed." Jim and I grabbed for an arm each, we dragged the
  limp body up on the bed, laying her on her back.  
 "I'm going to tit fuck this bitch." I'd used girl's tits before to try and
  cum, but I'd never had cushions like this to rest my cock in.  
 I straddled Jayme, she looked up at me with vacant eyes as I set my dick
  in the cleft of her breasts.  
 "Come on slut, push those tits around my dick." I slapped her breast with
  my open hand. Her tits were red from the abuse already.  
 "Come on whore, make a soft home for daddy's cock!" I was just about to
  slap her again when she reluctantly pushed her huge breasts together. Her mouth
  was wet and sticky with cum, it formed little bubbles around her lips as she
  breathed.  
 "Push harder cunt. How do you like the feel of my cock on your tits." I
  started fucking her breasts. I pinched her nipples hard as I kept sliding my
  cock between her mounds.  
 "That's it bitch, push those tits tight, make me cum." I saw her eyes go
  wide. At first I didn't know why, then I heard her whine and I looked back
  and saw Jim holding Jayme's legs wide, he had his tongue buried in her pussy,
  and by the look in her eyes, I knew it was working. I continued to rub my ass
  over her chest, forcing my prick in the little channel her breasts formed.  
 I tugged hard on Jayme's nipples, straining the skin as I pumped between
  her breasts.  
 "Come on whore, do you want me to cum on your face?" I pulled my dick from
  the glorious padding, I put the head of my cock just above her lips and started
  jacking off.  
I didn't have to wait long, I was so ready to blow. My cock started jerking
  and spurted a huge load right on her face. The sticky white sperm shot in streaks
  over her forehead, and I drained the last few drops into her eye, it pooled
  over her lashes.  
As a final degradation I forced my cock in Jayme's mouth, she coughed and
  tried to twist away, but I held her head still.  
"That's it cunt, lick me clean. Suck that cum from my prick!" I loved the
  way her tongue moved over the underside of my cock. She was probably just trying
  to breathe, but the movement was glorious.  
I felt an air of contentment over me as I pulled my dick free.  
"Holy shit. I'm sorry I ever doubted you, these girls are fucking awesome." Jim
  smacked my on the back.  
"Want to have a little fun with this cunt?" I pointed to the floor and the
  leather straps, then to Jayme laying on the bed, she just lay staring at the
  ceiling, the cum plastered to her face.  
"What do you have in mind?" I'd obviously never told Jim about my love of
  breast torture. I've always loved the way clamps look on tits, but better yet,
  what they look like when wrapped&hellip;  
"You'll see." I grinned. "Let's get this whore to her feet!" We reached down
  and picked the dazed girl from the bed. I took a leather belt and pulled it
  over her elbows, I cinched it tight, bringing her arms together and forcing
  out those huge tits. I put another belt around her wrists to restrain her further.  
I pushed Jayme back on the bed, I knew she didn't have a clue what I was
  going to do, but the fear, the abject terror, was visible in her eyes.  
"Watch this." I took one of the long leather laces and made a noose at one
  end. I looped it over one of the girl's monster tits and pulled it tight. I
  squeezed it so her breast constricted at the base, then I started wrapping
  the leather around and around, each loop making her breast bulge more.  
Jayme looked down at her chest, she tried to stutter out a few words, but
  nothing came.  
"Give me the other one." I formed another loop and pushed it down to the
  base of her tit. Soon both breasts were bulging red balls.  
"Lick your nipples cunt." I forced my finger inside Jayme's pussy, her eyes
  went wide with the penetration.  
"I said lick them!" I started thrusting in and out as Jayme lifted her head
  and arched it forward. She stuck out her tongue and touched the nipple on one
  of her monster knockers.  
She closed her thighs on my hand, I knew finger fucking her was having an
  effect.  
Jayme barely grazed her nipples with her tongue. A few drops of cum ran down
  her face and onto her breasts as she moved her head.  
"Jim, the clamps." He tossed me the metal clamps I'd brought downstairs.  
"No, no, you can't, please&hellip;" Jayme's body trembled as I brought the
  alligator clip near her nipple.  
"Please, god, please." The clamp had teeth, but they were more rounded, and
  blunt, than the ones I'd used on Tara.  
Jayme screamed as I closed the teeth down on her swollen nipple. She flung
  her head side to side with the pain.  
"That's it whore, scream for me." I brought the other clamp to her naked
  breast. She was still flailing her head side to side as I shut the teeth down
  on her breast.  
"Get up slut!" I grabbed her by the hair and lifted her to a standing position  
"Keep those legs wide!" Jayme bobbed from leg to leg like a boxer. I grabbed
  the largest fishing weight I could find in the pile and attached it to one
  of the clamps, Jayme's already strained nipple was tugged down further. She
  wailed in pain even louder as I attached a weight to the other breast.  
"Dance for us slut!" I'd found a wooden dowel rod in the shop, it was about
  3/8" in diameter and flexed nicely. I laid a stripe down on Jayme's tit and
  made her howl.  
Jayme started hopping around, bouncing from leg to leg. She wasn't moving
  fast enough so I laid a stripe on her ass.  
"Dance for me, dance like you were cheering!" The lead weights swung from
  her tits, I'd clipped them in place on the clamps so they wouldn't come free
  no matter how much she moved, her tits were growing redder by the second.  
When Jayme came to a momentary halt I flicked the rod up between her legs.
  I caught her straight on the clit, her whole body jerked to life and her screams
  got even louder. Her monster tits bucked up and down, a film of perspiration
  grew on her body. She looked all the more naked with her cute gym shoes on.  
"Move bitch, dance for me!" I handed Jim the rod and went to the kennel.  
"Get out here Lisa!" There was a look of shock in her face, as if she was
  immune to my attentions. When she got to the door I grabbed for her arm and
  held her tight. I dragged her toward where Jayme was hopping around, the rod
  landing on her ass or belly every few seconds.  
"Jim, take this rope and tie it around her wrists, then toss it up over the
  beam so she has to bend at the waist.  
I dragged Lisa into the bathroom.  
"You're going to give your friend an enema. We're going to take her up the
  ass later, and I want her nice and clean for my dick, do you understand?" Lisa
  started crying.  
"Do you want to give her warm water or cold?" I turned on the taps.  
"I guess since you're not answering, you want to use cold?"  
"No, no, please&hellip;" I grabbed an enema bottle from the little closet.
  I made Lisa fill it with warm water.  
"Come on slut!" I grabbed Lisa by the arm and dragged her out into the basement.
  Jim had Jayme bent at the waist. He was tapping her tits slowly with the rod,
  not very hard, but Jayme was wailing like a banshee.  
I grabbed Lisa by the hair and pulled her face to mine.  
"I want you to give Tits here an enema. I want your tongue in her ass crack
  to catch any drops that seep out." I didn't know if Lisa could see through
  the tears in her eyes.  
When I let go of her hair she knelt down behind Jayme, she pushed her legs
  wider, spreading them so she had better access. Jim stopped beating Jayme's
  breasts so he could watch.  
Jayme started squealing when Lisa inched the hose up her ass. Lisa had to
  use her finger to massage the sphincter muscle open. Both girls were sobbing
  uncontrollably and I loved it, my dick was aching again already.  
"Here, let me have that, you take care of her!" I took the enema bag from
  Lisa and held it aloft, the warm water started flooding into Jayme's ass. Her
  body was shaking like mad, I could see the strain in her arms as the water
  filled her. I pushed Lisa's head into the crack of Jayme's ass.  
"Spread those cheeks, and I mean it, I don't want a fucking drop to hit the
  floor!" Lisa started balling like a child, but she drove her tongue between
  Jayme's legs.  
The water kept filling Jayme's ass, I could see her squirming. When the last
  drops seeped into her body I set the bag on her back and walked around to her
  head. I knelt on the ground and looked her in the eyes. I grabbed hold of the
  weights dangling from her bulbous breasts and tugged down.  
"You'd better hold it in slut until I tell you, otherwise Lisa is going to
  have to lick it all off the floor, and you wouldn't want that, would you?" I
  sent the weights swinging from her breasts. Jayme was blubbering. "I want you
  all cleaned out when I fuck your ass!"  
I stood up and moved behind Lisa, she was busy catching the dripping water
  with her tongue. Jayme cried out as a cramp ripped through her belly.  
"Please, god please&hellip;" A new, louder scream erupted from Jayme's chest
  mid-sentence. The weights on her nipples shook in arcs from her red, constricted
  breasts.  
I nodded to Jim, he knew exactly what I wanted. He moved to the side of Jayme's
  bent body and started tapping the tops of her tits, not hard, but the way they
  were tied and bulging, the girl started screaming.  
Jayme let out a horrific wail as he brought the rod hard down on her tits.  
I ran my hand through Lisa's hair as she was busily lapping away at Jayme's
  ass. Jim continued to softly tap Jayme's breasts, this time hitting them from
  below.  
I handed Lisa a large bucket and pulled the tube from Jayme's body. I could
  see her trying to clinch her sphincter as much as she could to keep the water
  in. I walked around to her head and got on my knees. Jim laid a vicious blow
  on the underside of her tits just as I was looking her in the eyes, she tried
  to scream and beg at the same time.  
"Please, please, stop this!" I pushed away the locks of hair that fell over
  her face.  
"Just a few more seconds slut." Jim started hitting her tits harder with
  each blow. I twisted her head so she was looking at her friends in the cages.  
"Smile for your friends and let it all out!" There was a loud gushing sound
  as the enema water exploded into the bucket Lisa held. I could see the mix
  of relief and shame in Jayme's face as I held her head toward the kennel. I
  could almost see the disgust in Tara's eyes.  
I got up and moved to Jayme's side, I ran my hands over her belly and I could
  feel her muscles contracting as she tried to expel all the water in her ass.  
"Good girl, good girl, I want you all cleaned out so I can ram my dick home
  in your ass." Jayme was balling, Jim had stopped using the rod on her and was
  running his hands over her beautiful skin.  
I tossed Lisa a towel.  
"Dry her off, then go dump the water in the bathroom." I reached under Jayme's
  body and removed the clips from her breasts, after a few seconds her body was
  writhing, she twisted from side to side, a torrent of screams rang though the
  basement. I knew when we undid the straps around her breasts she'd scream even
  more.  
I stared to let down the rope holding Jayme's wrists in the air. After Lisa
  had come back from the bathroom, she knelt on the floor and I was very pleased.  
I pushed Jayme back down on the bed. She rolled around on her back, trying
  to relieve the throbbing pain in her tits. I turned to look at Lisa, she was
  staring at Jayme.  
"Why don't you strip for us Lisa." There was an instant of hesitation, but
  barely long enough to be noticeable. She got to her feet and started stripping
  from her outfit like a women possessed, she got out of all her clothes in less
  than a minute, even her shoes. Her nipples were already hard, and I was in
  heaven when I saw that she was shaved clean.  
"That's awesome!" I moved over to where Lisa stood, she held her arms to
  her sides, but she still tried to bring them in as I moved toward her, as if
  to cover herself. I ran my hand over her smooth pussy, stopping long enough
  to pinch her clit between my fingers. I held it tight and tugged her toward
  me a little. She softly yelped, and moved her dainty feet closer too me.  
"I bet you can't wait for us to fuck you?" She looked demurely to the floor.  
"Go straddle your friends face for awhile. Let her lick you up instead of
  you licking her. And I want you to play with her tits a little." I let go of
  Lisa's clit, for a second I don't think she knew what to do, but then she started
  moving toward the mattress, her breasts moving gently as she walked.  
Lisa climbed on the bed, she was hesitant to crouch on Jayme's face.  
"That's it, just straddle her face and push your pussy down." I could see
  Lisa's body jolt when her sensitive flesh touched Jayme's. I moved over to
  the bed and sat on the edge. I thrust a finger in Jayme's pussy.  
"It's time for you to repay the favor Tits, start licking your friend till
  she cums. And you," I pointed to Lisa, "start playing with those tits." Jayme
  tentatively pushed her tongue against Lisa's pussy making her friend groan,
  and then Lisa grabbed for Jayme's nipples and started to tug on them. Both
  girls whimpered softly in obvious shame.  
After a few moments Lisa could barely keep her eyes open, she was bumping
  and grinding her hips against Jayme's face, in her own world of pleasure she
  seemed oblivious to Jayme's suffering, sometimes she tugged hard on Jayme's
  tits till a loud scream erupted.  
I moved in and grabbed for Lisa's breasts, I cupped them in my hands and
  started molding them in my fingers. It was the final push Lisa needed, her
  body shook under my touch, and she flexed her thighs, squeezing Jayme's head
  between. She was moaning loud, I could see her juices coating Jayme's lips.  
"Okay, that's enough!" Lisa's eyes shot open, suddenly brought back into
  the reality of what was happening. Her face went flush immediately and she
  opened her legs, lifting herself off Jayme's face. I nodded to Jim and we began
  undoing the straps looped around Jayme's breasts.  
"Massage her tits." Lisa moved her hands to Jayme's breasts and began rubbing
  her fingers over the deflating mounds. Jayme kicked her legs as the leather
  came free and blood started flowing back into her tits, she beat the mattress
  with her feet and started screaming. Red marks crisscrossed her tits where
  Jim had beat her with the rod. Lisa delved her fingers deep into Jayme's breats,
  antagonizing her friend's already sensitive skin. The concentric circles of
  the leather shone clearly on Jayme's breasts as Lisa expertly used her fingers
  making Jayme howl continuously.  
I got up and pulled Lisa off the bed, her pussy was still wet and her labia
  were swollen. I started fingering her till her knees started to buckle.  
Jim climbed on the bed. I knew he wanted to fuck Jayme bad. He grabbed her
  tits and squeezed tight, eliciting a pitiful wail from her, then he forced
  his knee between her legs and spread her wide. As soon as her cunt was exposed,
  Jim rammed home, brutally slamming his dick to the hilt. Jayme's body bucked
  off the bed and she screamed till I thought her voice would go. Jim rabbit
  fucked the girl, her legs splayed wide, spasming and kicking in the air. There
  was absolutely no gentleness with the way he fucked her.  
I pushed Lisa to her knees and forced my cock her mouth, she gagged and tried
  to push me away, but I held her firm and made her get me hard.  
The bed creaked loud through the basement, Jim grunted with each thrust,
  driving his full weight onto Jayme's hips. It didn't take long for him to bellow,
  driving his dick deep, and then spending his load in Jayme's pussy. I heard
  the girl stop crying out in pain and start to groan in abject humiliation.  
I let Jim lay there, impaled on the girl, savoring the cushioning of her
  tits under his chest.  
"Are you still hard buddy?" Jim looked up, his body was covered in sweat
  from the exertion.  
"Yeah."  
"Good, flip her over so you're still in her cunt, I want to take her ass,
  and I think she's up for a double penetration, don't you?" I didn't have to
  convince him, Jim rolled Jayme over so she lay a top him, his dick never leaving
  her tight hole.  
Jayme started crying before I even got on the bed. I spread her legs wide
  and forced my finger in her anus, she squealed like a stuck pig. Jim had hold
  of her tits and was rubbing the red swollen flesh.  
Jayme turned her head to look as me when I climbed on the bed. Her body tensed
  as I ran my cock over the crack of her ass, then I sought out her nether hole.
  I grabbed Jayme by the hair and arched her head back.  
"Don't fight it bitch, it won't hurt as much." I pushed the head of my cock
  against her cute little anus. I spit down between her cheeks trying to get
  some lubrication. Jayme started screaming as I started driving forward. She
  was so tight, and her ass didn't want to give, but I kept pushing the head
  of my cock against her till I started to get some penetration. Jim had his
  mouth locked on Jayme's, forcing her to kiss him.  
Slowly, almost centimeter by centimeter I was forcing my prick in her ass.
  Jayme's body jumped with each little bit I moved forward. She was so tight
  it hurt, I smacked her on the ass repeatedly, driving my cock deeper.  
"That's it slut, open up for me!" I could feel the muscles in Jayme's ass
  loosen slightly and I took advantage, trying to force more and more of my dick
  in her hole.  
I started fucking her slowly, barely getting much movement, but still it
  was heaven. Jim thrust methodically into Jayme's pussy, arching his hips and
  completing the double penetration.  
Soon the two of us got into a sort of rhythm, timing our fucking perfectly,
  in and out of her cunt and ass like a machine. Jayme was balling uncontrollably,
  feeling every inch of our cocks in her holes. I took hold of hips trying for
  more leverage, she was so tight it was hurting me, but I wasn't going to stop.  
I started pumping faster and faster into Jayme's ass, she was still so incredibly
  tight it hurt, but she seemed to be opening up little by little. I held tight
  to her hips and used them to fuck her harder and harder. I knew I was about
  to cum, I would have liked to hold out longer, but the groaning little girl
  impelled me on.  
When I couldn't hold it I shot my load in her ass. I rammed home, trying
  to get my whole dick in her, Jayme wailed out as I filled her with my cum.  
"Aahhhhhh!" I pulled her hips back to drive my cock deeper. I couldn't believe
  how good she felt. I smacked her ass, whipping her like a jockey on the stretch
  run. I thought my head would explode it felt so good.  
I don't know how long I stayed buried in the girl. I finally pulled out with
  a pop. As soon as I was free Jim started driving his hips up, his arms were
  around Jayme, pressing her tits into his chest as he fucked her like a beast.  
I moved in front of Lisa and forced my cock towards her mouth. There was
  a fear in her eyes and she opened wide and took me in. I watched in sick fascination
  as Jim rammed home into Jayme's cunt. I ran my hand through Lisa's hair as
  she clamped her mouth down on my dick, her tongue was weaving over my cock
  when Jim roared out, driving upwards, almost lifting Jayme off the bed as he
  came in her pussy.  
"HOLY SHIT!" Jim smacked Jayme's ass, continuing to buck up into her pussy.  
I pulled out of Lisa's mouth and ran my dick through her hair, her soft locks
  felt awesome on my prick.  
It took a few minutes before Jim could recover, he held Jayme next to him,
  crushing her tits against his body. After a few minutes he pushed her off him
  and got to his feet.  
"Thank you SO much. We should have done something like this years ago!" I
  pushed Lisa toward Jim and had her lick him clean. She was slurping on his
  cock as we talked.  
"Want to go make dinner? We've got to feed these girls." Jim had his hands
  at the back of Lisa's head, his muscles spasmed involuntarily as she cleaned
  him.  
"Yeah&hellip;" he groaned, "yeah, lets do that." He pushed Lisa off his dick. "Yeah,
  lets do that. My balls need a break already." He tapped Lisa on top of the
  head.  
"Get Jayme in the kennel Lisa." I helped Lisa to her feet, she almost had
  to carry Jayme into the cage, Jayme's legs were still twitching, and her breasts
  were bright red.  
"I can't believe you did this." Jim smacked my on the shoulder as we started
  upstairs.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks&hellip;.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com  
 Chapter Six  
 When we got upstairs Jim was still looking at me with wonder in his eyes.  
 "I can't believe you did this. It's&hellip;it's fucking awesome. What happened
  exactly?." I smiled and set about making up some dinner for all my pets. The
  dogs were chasing each other through the kitchen and living room, barking like
  mad.  
 "Oh, I was in the shop watching some football, the game had already started
  by the time I got done with the paperwork and I didn't want to miss it. I was
  pretty pissed when I heard the knock on the window, but I'd forgotten to close
  the blind and I had to answer, Tara and Lisa were there at the door, desperate.
  They told me they were stranded, and that nobody knew about them, there phones
  didn't work and they hadn't seen any cars pass, so it all kind of just fell
  into place." Jim cut up some fruit and spread it out on the different plates.  
 "I can't believe it. We've got to crush that car though, and soon." A little
  of the lust had faded from Jim, and he was now thinking clearly, and being
  as pragmatic as always.  
 "Yeah." Thoughts of what I had to do were racing through my head.  
"I'm giving Doc a call tonight and have him up here too, he'll take care
  of all the reproductive issues for us, and then take at least one of them off
  our hands."  
 "I haven't seen Doc for years, are you sure he'd condone this?"  
 "Yeah, don't you remember that little incident he had in his office right
  after he got done with his residency."  
 "Oh yeah," Jim slapped himself on the forehead in jest, "I forgot about
  that." I started putting together some tuna sandwiches, I was going to make
  the girls eat healthy, I wouldn't want them adding on any more weight to their
  hot little frames in captivity.  
 "So which one were you thinking about taking?" I asked Jim as he was making
  up some juice.  
 "I kind of liked that one you whipped. Tits is nice, but there was just
  something about that one..."  
 "Tara."  
 "Yeah, Tara, there was just something about her." Jim winked at me.  
 "She's a feisty one, you'd have to keep your guard up and break her good,
  but she is hot, and I think if you could convert her, she'd be one hell of
  a fun slave to have." I chuckled, I almost couldn't believe I was talking about
  these girls like objects, but I liked it.  
 "Your right, I was thinking about it a little, I think I'm going to weld
  up some steel collars and cuffs for her, then chain them all together where
  she basically has to crawl around, you know, where she can't stand up completely
  and she can't lift her arms, she'll kind of be like a dog. I think if I leave
  her like that for a couple weeks, whip her, make her go outside to pee and
  humiliate her with things like that, I think she'll start to break." Jim looked
  up and smiled. "And in the chains, I can still make her kneel and fuck her
  like a dog whenever I want too!" I smacked Jim on the back, I liked the way
  he was thinking.  
 "Sounds like a good idea, you'll have to make up a few pairs of chains for
  me too. I think Doc will take Tits, he's always had the breast fixation, and
  Jayme definitely fits that.  
 Jim nodded his assent.  
 "And you?"  
 "I'm taking Emily and Monique for sure, I have big plans for those two.
  They're both kind of timid and obedient already, though," I looked up at Jim, "but
  I'll break them even more." I laughed and smacked my fist into my palm as a
  gesture of force.  
 "I don't know about Lisa, she's kind of got the same traits too and I love
  that. I love ones that are already a bit submissive, but to keep three, that
  might be a bit much to handle by myself." Jim shrugged his shoulders.  
 "You've got a lot of space man, and you don't have to work much, you could
  do it?"  
 "Yeah, I suppose?"  
I really didn't know what I was going to do with Lisa yet, I was being completely
  honest.  
"Let's take this down to Monique and get a little show." I picked up a plate
  of food and started toward Monique's room. When I opened the door she was laying
  on the bed watching TV, the dildo was sitting, glistening, on the table near
  the TV.  
 "Hello slut, I can see you've been busy?" I picked up the dildo and set
  down the food in its place. I moved toward the bed and sat to Monique's left.  
 "Lay back my dear." I was close to her, my legs pressed against her side.
  Jim sat opposite me and framed Monique so she could barely move.  
 I started playing with her clit, rubbing her little nub till she started
  to react.  
 "That's a good girl." Jim had his mouth locked on one of her breasts while
  he ran his hand over her belly. I spread her pussy lips and moved the head
  of the dildo to her opening.  
 "But I&hellip;" She looked up at me with those sweet eyes, but I didn't
  care. Her face contorted as I rammed the fake cock home in her pussy. I pushed
  as far as it would go, her hips bucked as the dildo drove in and barely protruded
  from her snatch.  
 "Come on, get those hands down here and start masturbating for us." Jim
  was busy sucking away at her breast like a child in desperate need of being
  fed. I started pinching and tugging on Monique's free nipple, she had such
  beautiful breasts, they were so resilient and fine.  
Monique grabbed the end of the dildo with one hand and started fucking herself
  while using the fingers of her other hand to rub her cit. I grabbed for her
  ankle and forced it into my chest so her leg was bent back over her body, Jim
  did the same and we forced her hips up off the bed.  
"That's it cunt, rub that pussy raw." Monique was starting to moan, I could
  see the tell tale signs of arousal, her breathing changed, her body started
  to tremble. Before my eyes the girl was becoming a slut.  
I pulled hard on her tit, stretching her soft supple skin. Jim had his fingers
  buried in her breast, mauling her flesh. He locked his mouth on hers and started
  to kiss her.  
Monique's pussy opened wide to swallow the large dildo as she moved it in
  and out of her body. Her legs were shaking in my grasp and I ran my hand over
  the back of her thigh.  
"That's it slut, work those fingers. Soon I'll have Emily up here with you
  then you two can go at it!" Monique was panting, she moaned louder every time
  Jim or I played with her tits. I could see she was wet, and her fingers continued
  to move faster and faster over her clit.  
"Are you going to cum slut?" I bent down so my face was inches from hers.
  I could see the wave of humiliation pass over her.  
"Yes&hellip;.yes Master." I ran my hand through her hair.  
"Then you may cum whore." Her whole body started to vibrate, she closed her
  eyes to a squint and bit down on her lip as she started to groan. She rammed
  the dildo home in brutal, deep, thrusts. I held her leg firm as her hips started
  gyrating and she screamed out in orgasm. I pinched her breast hard, twisting
  the nipple violently. Her body was covered in a sheen of perspiration as she
  continued to moan and cry out as the pleasure came over her in waves.  
After a few minutes Monique's body stopped trembling and both Jim and I let
  go of her legs. She lay there, legs spread, the dildo still protruding from
  her sex. I pulled the shaft free from her pussy and brought it to her mouth,
  forcing it between her teeth I made her deep throat it.  
"When we leave I want you to go into the shower and get yourself cleaned
  up for me." I undid the little lock on her collar. "After you've showered I
  want you to put back on your collar, and&hellip;" I handed her a pair of police
  handcuffs. "I want you to cuff your hands behind your back and be ready for
  me, kneeling on the floor. Understand?" She looked up at me, her eyes were
  locked on mine as the large dildo jutted from her mouth and she nodded.  
"Good." Jim was already to the door, I got off the bed and followed him.
  Monique lay still on the mattress as I slammed the door shut, making sure it
  was locked from the outside.  
"That girl is hot, and she hated masturbating for us." Jim turned back to
  me to speak, there was an intensity in his eyes.  
"She was humiliated, but she still did it, and orgasmed. I don't know if
  she hated it or not, but making her do it, that's what makes it fun. She's
  starting to come around." I couldn't get the grin off my face.  
I grabbed a small blanket from the hall closet and then headed with Jim into
  the kitchen. We picked up the food we'd made and carried it into the basement
  for the girls. I planned to let Emily sleep in her little cage all night. I'd
  decided that I was going to fuck her the next day, so I wanted her a little
  more pliable, and keeping her alone in the small enclosure, I think it would
  help?  
The basement went silent as we opened the door.  
"Dinner's served." None of the girls moved. Jayme was on the floor still
  rubbing her aching breasts with Lisa sitting to her side. Tara stood off in
  the corner, her face still filled with rage.  
Emily looked like a cute little puppy in the cage, her sweet little face
  peered up at me as I opened the door and put her food and drink inside, then
  I tossed the small blanket in and shut the door. I knelt down so only she could
  hear me.  
"I'm going to fuck you tomorrow, I hope you have a good nights sleep!" I
  could see her Emily's face go pale, I doubted she'd get much sleep thinking
  about me taking her virginity, but that was why I did it, I wanted her to think
  about it all night long.  
"Eat up." I moved next to Jim and we stood in front of the kennel side by
  side, loving every second of the humiliation the girls' felt as they ate their
  dinner like animals on display in the zoo. They were all silent, I almost expected
  some kind of protestation from Tara, but nothing came.  
We stood there for a good ten minutes, the girls' had eaten their food quickly,
  and I'm sure they were still very hungry. I whispered to Jim.  
"You want to take her upstairs?" I kept my eyes locked on the kennel, he
  knew without me say that I was talking about Tara.  
"Yeah."  
"Tara, get your ass out here." I opened the kennel door, I could see the
  confusion and despair in her eyes, she desperately wanted to combat me, but
  I think the memory of the lashing she'd taken was still too fresh. She shuffled
  slowly towards where I stood, she looked defeated, for the moment at least.  
When Tara got close to the door I grabbed her by the neck and pulled her
  outside and pushed her to her knees on the floor. I locked the kennel door
  shut then looped a rope around her neck. I had no intention of choking her,
  I just wanted to use it as a leash. With Jim's help I tied Tara's hands together
  with a length of rope that dangled free from her neck and brought her palms
  together up near her throat, till it almost looked like she was praying. There
  was still free rope, and it was the perfect way to lead her up the stairs like
  a dog.  
"Get up off your knees!" Tara struggled to her feet, without the use of her
  hands she had to stagger to gain her balance. I handed the rope to Jim and
  let him have control of her.  
"Good night slaves', I guess I'll see you in the morning."  
Mocking and taunting her I blew a kiss to Emily as she knelt in the small
  cage, I stood at the door for a moment to savor the utter degradation that
  shone on her eyes, then I slammed it shut and locked the girls' in the darkened
  basement for the night.  
I followed close behind Tara as she cautiously took each step up the stairs.
  The lines across her ass and thighs had faded quite a bit, but they were still
  visible. She whimpered in humiliation as I ran my hand over the curve of her
  ass.  
We paused by the fridge, it wasn't that late and Jim wanted to catch the
  end of the basketball game. I grabbed one of the long, thick, cucumbers I'd
  bought from a farmer at the side of the road yesterday, it wasn't perfectly
  smooth and it had little pointed knots running along it's length.  
"I'm sure this will keep her busy while we watch the game." I handed the
  long green cucumber to Jim as we moved into the entertainment room, Tara couldn't
  see what we'd exchanged. It was hard for her to turn her head at all the way
  her neck and wrists were bound.  
I sat in my comfortable recliner and Jim sat down on the couch. He made Tara
  just stand there as he held the end of the rope in his hand.  
"Do you know what this is?" Jim held up the massive cucumber so Tara could
  see, she just stared at it wide eyed.  
"Pat's ordered a bunch of toys for you girls', but they're not in yet, so
  we're just going to have to make do." He set the cucumber on his thigh, it
  was pointed straight up and must have been a good 10" long, not to mention
  3" in diameter.  
Jim winked at Tara and nodded his head toward the thick projection. 
"Go on, mount it slut." Tara turned her head toward me, perhaps hoping for a
reprieve, but I just smiled back at her.   
She had to bend her whole torso down to see the huge jutting vegetable Jim
  held at the base on his leg.  
Jim tugged on the rope that was acting as a leash around Tara's neck and
  he pulled her towards him, making her straddle his thigh.  
I stood up and moved behind Tara, Jim had to hold the cucumber erect, so
  I decided to help out. I reached between Tara's legs and spread her labia.
  With one hand on her shoulder I started pushing her down. She wasn't gagged,
  but all she did was start to weep when the vegetable touched her pussy.  
"That's it slut, I'm sure you've done this before." The thick green piece
  of produce started disappearing in Tara's cunt as I pushed down on her shoulders.
  I no longer had to spread her pussy lips, she'd already been penetrated and
  her lips were spreading for the intrusion on their own.  
Tara faced Jim, her tits hung enticingly in front of him. I forced her down
  until her labia touched his hand which was holding the cucumber firm, she was
  spread wide and had a good 7" of the object inside her tight pussy.  
My work done I sat down in my chair and tried to watch both the game, and
  Tara impaled on the vegetable. Jim pulled hard on the rope and brought Tara's
  face close to his.  
"I want to watch the end of the game, and in that time I want you to fuck
  this cucumber like it was my dick, because you're just a fucking useless whore,
  and you need something in that pussy of yours." I could see Tara's neck straining
  against the pressure on the rope, she was almost to the point of tears.  
Jim let the tension off the rope and lifted the cucumber off his thigh. Tara
  jerked upwards as she had to get up onto her tip toes.  
"I said I want you to start fucking it, and I don't want you to stop till
  I tell you to!" Jim let the cucumber down and again rested it again on his
  leg. The muscles in Tara's thighs corded as she lifted herself up off the vegetable,
  she stopped just as the tip was about to pop free from her pussy, then forced
  herself back down on the huge piece of produce.  
"That's it whore, you know how to do it." Tara started to move slightly faster,
  the thick green cucumber spread her pussy wide and it started to gleam in the
  light as her body began to lubricate.  
After a few minutes of watching intently as Tara fucked away at the cucumber,
  I diverted my attention to the game. Jim seemed to stay interested for a few
  minutes longer in Tara than I did, but the action on TV started to get good
  and he too focused on the game.  
Tara was granted no respite from fucking the cucumber with our inattention,
  she continued to ride the vegetable, her thighs moving her up and down, forcing
  the bulbous object deep in her pussy. Her breasts bounced and shuddered as
  she impaled herself continually on the cucumber. Occasionally I'd look over,
  loving the sight of the disappearing green shaft as it spread her pussy wide.  
In spite of herself Tara started to groan as the studded vegetable rubbed
  her cunt, she started to grind her clit against Jim's hand each time she thrust
  down. It got harder and harder to watch the game as Tara was obviously about
  to cum. Her body was covered in perspiration as she bucked up and down, her
  thighs moving faster and faster.  
Neither Jim nor I said a word to her, Tara had her eyes closed and was riding
  the cucumber like a bull. Jim looked over at me and smiled as Tara arched her
  upper body back, she had a gorgeous, flat stomach  
"Oh God, Oh God&hellip;" Tara was humping Jim's thigh and the vegetable like
  a woman possessed.  
"Oh God!" Tara screamed out in orgasm, when she came her whole body looked
  like it was on fire and spasmed out of control. Her breasts were shaking like
  jell-o and she drove her body down on the thick green cucumber till it was
  deep in her cunt.  
"Aaaaahhhhhhhhh." It was like a tremor of muscle contractions passed through
  Tara's body, she trembled with orgasm and cried out in pleasure. Jim and I
  just stared at her, this cunt in heat.  
"You're just a fucking slut, a two bit whore." Tara's eyes shot open and
  Jim rammed the cucumber deeper in her pussy, leaving only a small little rim
  of green still visible. He pushed her down on the floor.  
"How did you like that cunt?" Tara started to sob, she was on her knees,
  with her hands bound to her throat she had to support herself on her elbows.
  She started to lift up, but Jim put his legs on her back.  
"Stay there you whore, I need a foot rest." Tara's breasts dangled and almost
  touched the floor as she was forced to stay on her elbows and knees. I could
  see the little crown of the cucumber just barely protruding from her pussy.  
Oblivious to her suffering Jim turned to me and pointed at the basketball
  game on the TV, his feet were up on Tara's back. I kicked up the recliner and
  laid back.  
"This is a pretty good game, isn't it?"  
"Yeah, it's a good game." My dick was starting to ache, and I was almost
  ready to go spend the night with Monique again, but the game seemed to go on
  forever, it went into OT. I didn't think Tara could last, she kept twisting
  her body, scraping her nipples on the floor trying to get Jim to take his feet
  off his back, but he never did, he kept winking at me every time she started
  to whimper.  
When the game finally ended, I was just about to head off for the night when
  Jim got off the couch and knelt behind Tara.  
"Watch this buddy." Jim grabbed the end of the cucumber that was still lodged
  in Tara's pussy and started to inch it out. She groaned as her lips spread
  wide and allowed the massive vegetable out.  
"Look at that cunt spread buddy." Jim ran his fingers over Tara's stretched
  labia.  
Jim started sliding the piece of produce out again, till it finally came
  out with a wet pop, Tara was sobbing, completely degraded.  
"I've got to fuck this bitch." Jim bellied up to Tara, she was basically
  in a doggy style position already with her cute ass high in the air. I heard
  Tara grunt as Jim rammed home, sinking his cock into her wet pussy. He started
  to fuck her hard, I could hear the flesh slapping loud as I got to my feet.  
"I'm going to go grab Monique and hit the sack. The bedroom is set up for
  you." Jim grabbed for Tara's hips as he pounded into her. I could see her nipples
  rubbing against the carpet as he drove her body forward with each thrust.  
"Thanks a lot man." I was surprised he could get out any words at all, he
  was almost growling at Tara as he brutally fucked her on the floor. I could
  hear the sounds of their mating even as I entered the room down the hall where
  Monique was. She was there on the floor, waiting for me, kneeling with the
  collar locked around her neck and hands cuffed behind her back. She started
  to rock nervously as I entered the room and stood next to her. I ran my hand
  through her hair.  
"You did good slut." I pushed her head into my groin and held her next to
  my cock, feeling her soft moist hair on me was like heaven.  
I put a hand under her arm and lifted her to her feet. I could hear Jim bellow
  down the hall, and Monique looked terrified as she heard the loud slapping
  of flesh.  
We walked into my bedroom and I led Monique to the bed, I pushed her down
  so she was on her side and I laid next to her. I slid my fingers over her clit,
  then drove two deep in her pussy. I finger fucked her slowly.  
"So, were you a good girl today, did you masturbate for me?" Monique held
  her head low.  
"Yes Master, this slut tried hard today." She couldn't look at me, and I
  could feel her body getting wet as I thrust my fingers into her.  
"How many times did you cum whore?" I started playing with her breasts.  
"I&hellip;I mean, this slut orgasmed 6 times today Master." She was breathing
  heavily now, my fingers were wet with her juices, she spread her legs wider,
  allowing me perfect access.  
"Is your pussy tender?" She started rocking her hips, I could see her stomach
  muscles contracting.  
"Yes Master." I pulled my fingers free from her cunt with a suddenness she
  wasn't expecting, there was a look of bewilderment on her face. I put my hand
  to her mouth and thrust my wet fingers in between her lips.  
"Lick me clean slut." Monique started lapping her tongue over my fingers,
  an instant before she was about to orgasm, now her face was burning red with
  shame as my fingers were in her mouth.  
When she had my fingers clean I grabbed Monique by the shoulders and rolled
  her over onto her belly, spreading her legs wide with my hand. I started running
  my moist fingers over her ass. She yelped when I put my finger on her anus
  and started easing into her.  
"So, I guess you'd rather I fuck your ass tonight, since your pussy is so
  tender?" Monique grunted as I pushed my finger deeper, she let out a small
  whine of despair as I got to the knuckle.  
"No Master, please, please fuck my&hellip;I mean, please fuck this slut's
  pussy, Aaahhh." Monique cried out as I forced her sphincter opened.  
"Please Master, please fuck this whore's pussy, please." I left my finger
  in her ass.  
"Please Master." Monique tried to turn her head back so she could see me,
  her hands flexed behind her back as I kept my finger buried in her.  
"I'm going to fuck Emily tomorrow." I pushed my finger deeper in her ass. "I'm
  going to keep you both as my slaves, you're going to spend a lot of time together." I
  loved the way her ass cheeks contracted and squeezed my hand between her bottom.  
"Please Master, fuck this whore's pussy, please." There was a desperation
  in her voice that I loved. I twisted my finger around, making Monique sob louder.  
"I don't know slut, it's so tight and inviting."  
"Please Master, no." Monique's head collapsed into the covers.  
"Okay slut." I pulled my finger from her ass with a pop, then rolled her
  onto her back, her cuffed hands were pinned beneath her as I loomed over her.  
"I want you to put all your energy into fucking me then." I pinched her nipple
  between my finger.  
"Yes Master."  
I laid down on my back in the middle of the bed. I grabbed Monique under
  her arms and lifted her to a kneeling position.  
"Get me nice and hard, then mount me." I don't know whether Monique felt
  relieved that I wasn't going to take her ass, or disgusted that she now had
  to act as her own fluffer.  
It was awkward, but Monique managed to shift her body into position without
  the use of her hands. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and took my
  penis in her throat. I could feel my body tense, and react, as her lips closed
  over the head of my cock. I was almost hard as it was, but with her sweet mouth
  encircling my prick it didn't take me long to become fully erect.  
"That's it slut, make me hard." Monique bobbed her head up and down on my
  cock. I just laid back and watched, loving every instant.  
Monique used her tongue to lick the length of my penis, she took my testicles
  in her mouth and sucked me till I thought I'd blow. I think at that point she
  knew I was ready too.  
"Master, may this slut take your dick in her pussy?" She looked up at me,
  still lapping her tongue on the head of my penis.  
"Yes slut." Monique had to waddle her way into position. She almost fell
  when she lifted her leg over my body.  
 "Master, will you please put your dick in this slut's pussy." Monique was
  primed to impale herself on my prick. I reached out and spread her labia, guiding
  her down onto my pole. She was quite wet as the head of my cock disappeared
  into her body. She kept lowering herself down until I was completely inside
  her and her inner thighs were flat against my skin.  
 I grabbed for her nipples and pinched them between my fingers. I could feel
  her vaginal muscles pulsing and throbbing as she sat on my dick. I pulled her
  breasts taut as she started to fuck me.  
"That's it slut, make me cum in your pussy." Monique started moving faster,
  rising up on my dick, then driving her pelvis down till she was again buried
  on my pole. She had to use her legs alone to lift up off me, she bucked and
  gyrated her hips making sure to fuck me hard. I held her tits in my hand, rubbing
  them, sinking my fingers deep in her flesh.  
Monique's gaze was fixed on the wall, she let out an intermittent groan of
  pleasure, but more than anything she concentrated intently on pleasing my cock.
  I could feel her squeezing her vaginal muscles, trying to massage me as she
  rode harder and harder. Her belly was covered with a shimmering layer of perspiration
  as she worked to lift up off my prick.  
I grabbed for the back of Monique's head and pulled her down towards me.
  I locked my mouth on hers.  
"That's it cunt, fuck me hard." I held her chest against mine, I loved the
  feel of her hard nipples scrubbing against my body. She had to use her hips
  to fuck me, but I could feel her whole body in the act, I could feel the muscles
  in her thighs squeeze me as she straddled my dick.  
"That's it whore." I smacked her on the ass. "Come on, make me shoot my sperm
  in your pussy, come on slut!" Monique was panting hard as she rode me, her
  ass hopping in the air, then bucking down, driving my prick deep in her belly.  
I grabbed for her hair and tugged her head back, pulling her scalp hard I
  felt my balls convulse in a glorious spasm and I started filling the bucking
  girl with my cum.  
"That's it whore." Monique was screaming as I pulled hard on her hair, but
  she kept riding me, I could feel her trying to squeeze every last drop of juice
  from my dick.  
"Aaaahhh!" I couldn't take it, my whole body was tingling, I felt lightheaded
  as Monique sunk down on my body, taking me completely inside her.  
"That's it slut, that's it." Monique was panting, exhausted and spent, my
  waning dick still filling her pussy. I could feel her breasts heaving against
  my chest, her hard nipples playing over my skin. I ran my hand over her back,
  feeling her sweaty muscles still tense from exertion.  
I held Monique tight for a few minutes, then rolled her off me onto her back
  on the bed. She lay absolutely still, not knowing what to do next, or what
  I was going to do to her.  
I couldn't decide if I wanted to let her hands free, or if I wanted to chain
  her to the side of the bed and make her sleep on the floor. I needed to bring
  one of the extra cages upstairs to house her in later, I wanted her there,
  locked up, watching when I fucked her friend Emily.  
I rolled onto my side and looked down into her eyes.  
"In the morning you will again go in the shower and tell me when the water
  is warm enough, then you will bathe me." I laid my hand on her belly, I could
  feel her muscles quivering under my touch.  
I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her to my groin.  
"I want you to sleep with your mouth around my dick tonight." I forced her
  lips around my soft penis, making her suckle me. I loved the way her breath
  buffeted my prick. I could hear her crying as I closed my eyes, and easily
  faded off to sleep with dreams of my slaves.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks&hellip;.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com  
 Cheerleaders' Rape and Torture  
 By Semiater  
 Chapter Seven  
 When I woke up I could feel Monique's soft hair on my prick. I could feel
  her breathing gently as her lips just barely touched my cock. I stared down
  at her for a while, she looked so peaceful with her head on my thigh.  
My thoughts suddenly turned to Emily and I wondered how she'd slept during
  the night? I'm sure not well given what I was going to do to her today.  
 Monique stirred, she must have sensed I was awake and she lifted her weary
  head and looked up at me, there was an instant of confusion, then she quickly
  locked her lips on my penis and took my hardening member in her mouth. She
  looked up at me with wide, terrified eyes.  
 I ran my hand through her hair, I knew she didn't know whether I wanted
  her to make me cum or just hold my dick in her mouth. I loved the feel of her
  moist tongue on me, her warm breath buffeting my cock, and I absolutely loved
  the look of the unknown on her face.  
 "We're going to have to have fun today slut, I'm going to pop Emily's cherry,
  and then, maybe I'll have you lick her clean and make her cum too?" Monique's
  head, her pretty blonde locks were so soft and inviting as she held me in her
  mouth and looked up at me nervously.  
 I squeezed a clump of her hair in my hand and lifted her mouth off my prick,
  I pushed her hard over onto her back, her eyes stared up at me, still unsure
  of what I was doing.  
I straddled her chest and eased my cock between her breasts, forcing her
  soft mounds around me.  
 "You like it, don't you slut?" I pumped my dick between her tits with long,
  slow, thrusts.  
 "Do you want me to cum on your face, or should I save it all for your friend?" She
  squirmed underneath me as my dick slid over her chest.  
 "I bet you can't wait for me to spread Emily's legs and pump her full of
  my sperm, can you?" I lifted up off her chest and held my dick inches from
  her mouth.  
 "Go ahead, give Master's cock a kiss." Monique arched her head up and kissed
  the head of my penis, her eyes were locked on mine, trying to figure out what
  I was going to do next.  
 "I want you to go get in the shower, turn on the water and tell me when
  it's warm enough for me to get in." She forced up her tongue and licked the
  underside of my prick, it was so cute, so obsequious that I was tempted to
  have her blow me then and there, to have her lock her sweet lips around my
  cock and make me cum in her throat, but instead I climbed off her and stood
  at the side of the bed. I released her collar and set it on the mattress.  
 "Go on!" Monique rolled off the bed and shuffled toward the bathroom, she
  kept her eyes locked on me the whole time.  
 When I opened my door I could hear Tara screaming down the hall. As I walked
  past the guest bedroom I heard the bed creaking loud and Jim grunting, bellowing
  as he screamed at the girl.  
 "How's that cunt? My dick is going to be in you every day from now on!" Even
  through the closed door I could hear them clearly, Tara was yelping like a
  hurt animal and I thought the bed might collapse with the violence the sounds.  
 I knocked at the door.  
 "Hey Jim, lets go to the garage in like an hour." For an instant the brutal
  sounds of fucking stopped.  
 "Sure, let me finish with this bitch." The loud, violent sounds started
  again and I moved toward the kitchen for a quick drink of water.  
 I took my time heading back to my room. I knew Monique would be waiting
  for me in the shower and I didn't have to rush, she might actually enjoy the
  water on her, at least after it warmed up.  
 When I got back to my room and went into the bathroom, Monique was kneeling
  on the cool tile, her big hazel eyes were staring up at me.  
 "The water is ready Master."  
 "Good, then bathe me." I handed her a sponge and soap. It was a glorious
  feeling to have my slave clean me, I just stood there, letting the warm water
  run over my body and her smooth hands scrubbing me down. She was tentative
  around my prick, but a quick tug on her hair changed that. She took my penis
  in her mouth, cleaning the whole length of my shaft with her soft lips. I savored
  every second of the process. I still couldn't believe that everything had happened
  like it did, I was so lucky.  
After I hopped out of the shower I had Monique towel me down, her soft hands
  moved over my skin. When I was dry, I led her over to the toilet.  
"Hold my dick as I piss." She looked up at me, I could see the revulsion
  in her eyes, the desperate want to balk, to fight me.  
"Come on slut!" She took my prick in her hands, I was almost hard, but I
  was able to relieve myself as she held me, it made me feel powerful, so in
  control of the girl.  
"That's it slave." The last few drops fell from my penis and I turned my
  hips toward the girl.  
"Clean me off." I didn't wait for her to move, I thrust my dick in her mouth
  and felt her throat convulse. I arched my head back and moaned in exquisite
  pleasure. I didn't want to lose the feel of her lips on me.  
"That's it whore, good job." I ran my hand through her hair and eased my
  penis free of her mouth.  
"Get on your hands and knees and follow me." Monique fell to her knees, but
  not low enough for my tastes and I grabbed her by the scruff of the neck and
  pushed her to the ground so her breasts were almost rubbing against the carpet.  
"Come on slut." I took her out into the bedroom and put her collar back on.
  I grabbed one of the dog leashes and dragged her toward the kitchen, Jim's
  door was closed, but I didn't hear any noises coming from inside. When we got
  to the kitchen he was already standing there, coffee in hand, and a sparkle
  in his eyes.  
"Hey buddy, what a fucking night!" Jim's smile stretched from cheek to cheek.  
"Did you have a good time?" I asked him as I tugged Monique forward on the
  leash, she kept her eyes down and got into a kneeling position.  
"Oh hell yeah, that pussy is so tight, and the slut, she bucks like a bronco
  trying to fight me when I fuck her, I love it, she's got spunk." Jim handed
  me a mug of coffee then took a step toward Monique. I could hear her whimper
  in shame as he grabbed one of her nipples and pulled on it softly.  
 "This is one hot slut too. I love her on her knees with the leash, she looks
  like a dog." Jim stood up.  
"Hell, all they're good for anyway is as something to fuck!" He roared out
  in laughter. I could see Monique's face go red.  
 "Wanna go crush that car?" Neither Jim or I had on any clothes, in a different
  situation I'd probably have been embarrassed, but as everything was with the
  girls, there was some kind of power, or animal nature to it all that made it
  right.  
 "Yeah, let me put something on, and, well, let me take care of this." Jim
  stroked his dick, he was already hard and erect. I could see Monique try to
  pull away, thinking he was going to use her, but instead he headed down the
  hall towards his room. I followed along, keeping Monique in tow.  
 We were just seconds behind, but when we got to his room Jim already had
  his prick buried in Tara's mouth. She was hogtied on the bed, her arms and
  legs were pulled up in the small of her back and Jim was driving into her throat
  with his dick, I could hear Tara gagging as he thrust in deep.  
 "The little whore tried to sneak out of the room this morning&hellip;aahhhh&hellip;but
  I caught her." Jim smacked Tara's ass as he brutally rammed his cock in her
  mouth, her face was red, and the way she was bound it looked painful. Monique
  stared wide eyed at the scene, I caught her sneaking a glance at me, I think
  hoping I wouldn't get any ideas to use on her.  
 When he was about to cum Jim clamped his hands on the back of Tara's head
  forcing her mouth full on his cock. I could hear her desperately screaming,
  choking on the large dick as she tried to breathe.  
 "That's it bitch, how do you like the taste of my cum!" Jim's hips were
  bucking, driving deep into Tara's throat.  
 When Jim finished spurting his load he pulled his prick free of Tara's mouth,
  the cum dribbled around her lips as she tried to cough up the sperm, trying
  to catch her breath after the brutal face fucking.  
 Jim pushed Tara onto her side, her stomach was convulsing as she to spit
  up cum that filled her belly. He grabbed a round hair brush from his toiletry
  bag, it was probably 6" long with a bunch of plastic bristles, and about an
  inch and a half in diameter. Tara started screaming as he ran it over her pussy
  lips, driving the little points down into her sensitive flesh.  
 "That's it cunt, scream for me. Tell me how you'll be good and won't run
  away." He slapped her hard on her inner thigh.  
 "Open that pussy up slut." Jim forced the head of the brush against her
  spread labia, he started pushing the rough bristles into her pussy, drawing
  ever louder screams from the hogtied girl.  
 "How do you like it now slut?" There was a good 2" in her pussy.  
 "Pleaaasseeee&hellip;.pleassse&hellip;" Tara's whole body jerked as Jim
  pushed the brush deeper and deeper into her cunt.  
 "That's it, beg for me." Almost the whole head of the brush was in Tara's
  body, only the handle jutted obscenely from her pussy. She was trying to beg
  in between screams as Jim twisted the head of the brush while pushing it in
  her.  
Tara's thighs spasmed as Jim pushed the handle of the brush deep in her body.
  I could see the strain in her arms as her legs moved involuntarily, reacting
  to the awful penetration.  
"Are you going to be a good little slut." Jim started fucking Tara with the
  hair brush.  
"Yes&hellip;yes, please, just stop, please&hellip;" Her voice trailed off
  in exasperation. I loved the way Monique stared at the scene, I could tell
  she was terrified.  
Jim let go of the hair brush, leaving it impaled in Tara's body.  
I hadn't seen him grab it when we were in the kitchen, but he had a large
  wooden spoon in his hand and he started whipping Tara's tits with it.  
"Are you going to be a good girl now?" The sound of the wood on her flesh
  was like a little thud. Tara was bawling, she tried to roll over onto her stomach
  after each blow, but Jim held her hips so she couldn't get on her belly.  
"Yes&hellip;for gods sake, yes!" Tara let out a loud wail of pain as Jim
  laid a blow on her clit. I just watched, almost as transfixed as Monique was,
  though my attraction was more lust, hers fear.  
Jim tossed the spoon down on the bed and rolled Tara onto her belly, she
  was sobbing andburied her head in the mattress and cried.  
"Let's go get that car taken care of." Jim ran his hand over Tara's twitching
  thighs. "We wouldn't want anybody to ever find the girls' car, now would we?" He
  looked straight at Monique and laughed at her obvious discomfort.  
For a second I couldn't react, my dick was hard and I stared at Tara bound
  on the bed.  
"Yeah&hellip;yeah, let me get some clothes on and we'll get out of here." I
  tugged on Monique's leash, pulling her toward her room. She moved quickly,
  obediently, a few feet behind me. She hopped on the bed and knelt for me unmoving
  with her hands behind her neck as soon as we got in the room. I locked her
  collar to the chain and left her alone without a word.  
It took me only a few minutes to get dressed. Jim was already waiting for
  me in the kitchen.  
"Holy shit that felt good, I'll get that little slut to behave if it's the
  last thing I do!" The look on Jim's face said it all, I'd never seen such vigor,
  or life, in his eyes.  
"Let's get this done, I want to get back and fuck that whore again!" Jim's
  hands trembled in nervous anticipation. We headed out to my truck and off to
  the shop.  
It didn't take us long, I grabbed breakfast on the way in for the guys at
  the shop, I guess you could call it a little bribe to keep them out of the
  junk yard for awhile. Jim and I dragged the car from the back lot and had it
  crushed in less than an hour. There would be no way anybody would find a trace
  of the thing, but even so, we put the cube of metal on the next truck to the
  recycling plant where the steel would be melted down and disappear completely--the
  sooner the better in my mind.  
We stopped at the grocery store for a few more supplies, then, finally pulled
  in the drive back at my place. I was pleasantly surprised to see the boxes
  of toys I'd ordered sitting there on the front porch, just there waiting for
  me to open them, it was like Christmas.  
"Look at that, all the shit I ordered, it's here." I couldn't hold back the
  excitement in my voice. I was like a kids in a candy store, things were going
  so great. We grabbed all the boxes and dragged them inside.  
"I gotta go fuck that girl again!" Jim disappeared back to his room, and
  a few moments later I could hear the faint sounds of him fucking Tara waft
  through the air again. I started opening boxes, I couldn't wait to see all
  the things I'd got.  
I found one thing I was looking for immediately, a nylon strap set that I
  could put on my bed to spread Emily when I fucked her. I still hadn't quite
  decided how I was going to take her yet, but any way I finally settled on,
  I'm sure it would be enjoyable.  
When I saw the penis gag with the dildo attached I knew I'd have to use that
  on my girls, I could just imagine Monique fucking the newly popped pussy of
  Emily with it.  
As soon as I found the ball gag I went to the kitchen started making up breakfast
  for the girls. I couldn't wait to get Emily upstairs.  
Jim popped in to help me a few minutes later.  
"God she's feisty, but I love that pussy." I think both of us wanted to get
  down stairs to the girls, probably for different reasons, but we rushed through
  making food just the same. When we were done, Jim headed down into the kennels,
  and I went down the hall to deliver Monique her breakfast.  
She was lying on the bed, head buried in the covers crying. She looked up
  at me surprised and a little befuddled, then she quickly popped into a kneeling
  position with her hands behind her head.  
"Breakfast is served slave." I set the plate down on the bed and stared at
  her for an instant. I knew she was terrified about what she'd seen Jim do to
  Tara, her breasts quivered as she breathed. I smiled and shut the door behind
  me as I left.  
When I stepped into Jim's room I found Tara bent over one of the wooden chairs,
  her ankles were tied to the back legs, and her arms were pulled forward bound
  to the front. Her ass glowed red and I could see the cum seeping out of her
  pussy, she had a pair of boxers stuffed in her mouth to silence her. Tara stared
  up at me, I think she actually wished it was me controlling her again, I'd
  been less rough than Jim I'm sure.  
I set the food on the bed and moved behind her, I ran my hands over her inner
  thighs and reached around and grabbed her dangling breasts. She moaned, almost
  purring, wiggling her hips, I think trying to entice me and get in my good
  graces.  
"That's it, you're just a whore to be used." I pinched her nipples eliciting
  a small yelp from the girl.  
"Do you want some food slut?" Tara nodded her head and I tugged the boxers
  from her mouth.  
"Please, he's&hellip;" I put my finger to my lips to silence her, I could
  see the desperation in her eyes.  
"You're his slave now, you'd better learn to behave." I started feeding her,
  the tears streaked down her cheeks as she ate the food greedily, sucking down
  the juice I'd brought. I made her clean the dish with her tongue when she was
  finished.  
"Please, can't you untie me, I'm&hellip;" I needed only to glare down at
  her for her to go silent.  
"I'm sure if you're a good, obedient, slave Jim will untie you."  
"Didn't you try and run this morning?" Tara hung her head low. I kind of
  felt like I was playing a part in a good cop bad cop routine from some cheesy
  television show.  
I clamped my hands on Tara's tits, she had very nice breasts and an idea
  popped in my head.  
"I'll be back in a second slut." I took my hands from her chest and headed
  back out into the main room, I started rifling through the boxes. I wanted
  to leave Jim a present when he got back to Tara. After I found the weighted
  nipple clamps I was looking for and went back into Jim's room.  
Tara's body started squirming when I held up the clamps for her to see.  
"When Jim comes back to you, I want to tell him these were a treat from me,
  that you begged me to put them on your nipples, okay?" Tara started whimpering
  as I moved close to her, I squeezed her breasts till her nipples went nice
  and hard.  
"I've heard they hurt most right when they go on, and then again when they're
  taken off." Tara squealed as I closed the strong clamp on one of her breasts.
  I held the weight up for a second, letting her get adjusted to the pinching,
  then I let the mass go and her nipple stretched.  
"God that's hot!" Tara was whining as the weight dangled from her tit and
  moved in a gentle arc as she breathed.  
"I guess you're going to want to stay still slut." I tapped the weight and
  sent it swinging again.  
"That might be hard if Jim decides to fuck you, can you imagine how much
  the weights will move if he starts pounding into your pussy?" I started massaging
  her other breast making her nipple hard, she was sobbing, I could see the muscles
  in her back contracting as she tried to stifle her movement. Tara yelped as
  I closed the weighted clamp on her tit and dug my fingers into her flesh at
  the base of her breast.  
"Don't forget to tell Jim this was a treat from me, and maybe, if you're
  an obedient slut, he'll untie you." I took my hand from her breast and moved
  my groin to her face, I eased my pants down to the hips and pushed my hardening
  dick to her lips.  
"Why don't you give me a little kiss?" I could hear Tara try to choke back
  her disgust as she stuck out her tongue and started running it over the length
  of my shaft, she planted a kiss on the tip of my cock.  
"See, you can be a good little slave when you want to." I tugged my pants
  up and grabbed the plate.  
"I'll talk to you later whore." I left Tara bent over the chair, the weighted
  clamps were swinging from her aching nipples as I headed down into the basement.  
"WHOOOEEEE!" Jim was roaring out like a cowboy.  
"That's it, come to daddy!" Jim held a couple pieces of string in his hands,
  the other ends were tied off in little loops to Jayme's nipples and he was
  leading her around the room like a horse being trained.  
"Kick those knees higher." Jayme was panting, her hands were tied behind
  her back and she had no choice but to move where Jim pulled her on the reins,
  strutting like a pony.  
"Hey Buddy, you want to try?" He held out the pieces of string for me but
  I declined, my eyes were locked on Emily, she was kneeling in her cage, her
  eyes followed me, knowing I was going to fuck her today.  
"No, no, you go ahead, play." I smiled, it did look kind of fun, Jayme's
  nipples stretched as he tugged her around the room, her breasts were pulled
  into long points.  
I walked over to Emily's cage, she crouched low to the ground and moved to
  the back corner, away from me.  
"How did you sleep baby?" I put my hand through the metal bars and rubbed
  her hair. Her face looked tired and she groaned in discomfort as I touched
  her.  
"Man, you've got to check this out." I looked back at Jim, he'd stopped tugging
  Jayme around the room and just had her standing still next to him.  
"I'll be back honey." I rubbed a tear off Emily's cheek and moved back toward
  Jim. He was tying the end of the string he'd held as reins to clothespins.  
"You've got to check this out man, I had a great idea." He tugged on the
  string making Jayme cry out, testing to make sure the loops were still tight
  on her nipples, it was obvious they were, when he pulled on them, her breasts
  were drawn into long points.  
Jim tossed the clothespins and string up over a pipe in the ceiling. When
  he had them over the pipe, Jim tugged, making Jayme get up on her tip toes
  to relieve the strain.  
"How do you like that buddy?" Jim made Jayme dance, moving her up and down
  was he tugged on the string, she was sobbing softly as her nipples stretched
  to the ceiling.  
"Check this out." Jim pulled on the string till Jayme had to get as high
  on her toes as she could. When the line was nice and taut he knelt between
  her legs and tugged on her labia with his fingers, she cried out as he closed
  one of the clothespins on her stretched pussy lip.  
"How does that feel slut?" Jim drove his finger deep in Jayme's pussy, he
  looked up at me and smiled.  
Taking her labia between his fingers Jim closed the second clothespin on
  the other side and stood up, he got inches from Jayme's face.  
"What's it going to be, the tension in your tits, or in your pussy?" Jim
  cupped the underside of Jayme's breast and pulled down till one of the clothespins
  attached to her labia popped off making her yelp.  
"See, it's one or the other, but if you make it pop off," He reattached the
  clothespin to her labia. "If either one, or both, come off your pussy." He
  thrust a finger in her sex again, between the spread lips of her cunt. "If
  they pop off, then I'm going to punish you." Jim clamped his mouth on Jayme's
  and kissed her, driving his tongue in her mouth almost making her loose balance.  
"Hey Jim, want to help me for a second?" I moved towards Emily's cage.  
Jayme was whimpering, her eyes moved around the room, desperate for a reprieve.
  Already I could see her calves twitching with the strain of being up on her
  toes. Jim was grinning sadistically as he ran his hands over her trembling
  stomach.  
 "I want to take this cage upstairs to my room." I opened the door but Emily
  cowered in the back.  
"Come on, get out here." Emily looked up with pleading eyes as she crawled
  out.  
"Don't move, stay on your hands and knees till we get back." She looked like
  a lost little puppy there on the floor as Jim and I grabbed the metal frame
  and started toward the stairs.  
As we moved past her, Jayme's body was shaking, she tried to balance the
  tension between the two ends of the string as her nipples and labia were both
  stretched, but her legs shuddered violently.  
Other than being awkward it was easy to move the cage up into my room, once
  we had in place I had Jim help me hook the nylon harness set up under the bed.
  It was perfect. There were metal rings at the four corners of the bed, ideal
  for spreading Emily wide open.  
Jim smacked me on the back.  
"I still can't believe you did this man, but I'm so happy you did!"  
"Yeah, me too." We started back down into the kennels. It hadn't been but
  10 minutes, but Jayme was crying out in pain. Her leg muscles had started to
  cramp and I could see the tension on the string attached to her labia grow
  as she tried to lower herself down.  
"Please." Jayme spied us as we came down the stairs. Jim moved toward the
  trembling girl, he reached out and moved his fingers over her pussy.  
"Look what I found." Jim pulled the thick leather belt from around his waist
  and started running it over Jayme's ass. She hopped off one leg as her calf
  muscles almost locked.  
"Aaaaahhhh, please, please, my legs are cramping." Jim ran the belt over
  the underside of her tits.  
"Poor baby, don't you see, that's the idea." He tugged softly on the string
  attached to her nipples, for an instant taking the strain off her labia, but
  in turn stretching her tits even more.  
I moved to where Emily knelt on the ground, she inched away from me as I
  got close. Lisa was in the kennel, cowering as far back in the corner as she
  could, keeping quiet, her eyes moving fearfully between Jim and I.  
Jayme screamed as her legs started to cramp again, Jim continued running
  the wide leather belt over her ass, not helping her state of mind.  
"PLlleeaasssseee!" Jayme screamed out as Jim slid the leather up between
  her thighs.  
I got onto my knees next to Emily and took her by the hair, turning her head
  so she had to look me in the eyes. I reached out and took her breast in my
  hand.  
"I bet you can't wait for me to stick my dick in your pussy and make you
  a real woman, can you?" Emily closed her eyes and started crying. Jayme was
  wailing in the background as Jim taunted her with the belt.  
"I can't wait anymore." I hopped to my feet and grabbed a length of rope
  from the floor, loosely looping it around Emily's neck. I started tugging her
  toward the basement steps just as one of Jayme's legs completely gave way and
  the clothespins popped off her labia.  
"That's it slut." Jim took hold of Jayme's arm's, they were still tied behind
  her back and he wrapped some rope around the bonds around her wrists. He tugged
  her arm's toward the ceiling, making her bend at the waist till she was locked
  in a strappado, her large tits swaying beneath her body.  
Emily crawled behind me past Jayme, for an instant their eyes locked, exchanging
  the terror they shared.  
"Aren't you going to watch?" Jim was waving the belt through the air as Jayme
  was crying, her calves still visibly cramping.  
"No, I need to get this slut ready, I need to fuck her soon or I'm going
  to blow." I pulled on the rope around Emily's neck, making her arch her face
  up.  
"Smile for Jim slut, next time he sees you, you'll be a woman." Emily only
  cried harder as I let the tension go and moved her toward the stairs.  
"Have fun with Jayme." I turned back and saw Jim above Jayme, his eyes were
  filled with raw lust as he waved the belt through the air.  
"I intend to!" Emily and I were about halfway up the stairs when I heard
  the loud crack of leather on flesh, and then the pained scream of Jayme rang
  through the air. I could feel Emily's body go tense against the rope as she
  heard her friend cry out. I smiled for an instant, enjoying the fear, then
  led her upstairs to my room.  
When I got into the bedroom I let go of the rope and undid the loop around
  Emily's neck.  
"I want you to go into the bathroom and kneel on the floor. I want you to
  play with yourself while you watch yourself in the mirror.  
Emily just stared up at me, I could see the fear and humiliation in her eyes.  
"Go!" I loved the way her ass wiggled as she crawled into the bathroom. I
  watched her till she was out of my view, then I headed across the hall to Monique.
  She was lying on the bed watching TV when I opened the door.  
"Turn it off." Monique flicked the TV off with the remote quickly.  
"Emily is in my bathroom." I sat on the bed next to Monique, I grabbed for
  her breast and started massaging her tit.  
"I want you to go in there and I want you to clean and bathe her." I dug
  my fingers in Monique's breast. "Make her look pretty." I pulled her nipple
  taut, Monique's eyes were locked on my fingers as they stretched her skin into
  an extended point.  
"I'm going to fuck her today, and I want her ready, understand?" Monique
  nodded.  
"I don't want you to talk, other than to tell her what you need her to do.
  If you promise me you'll behave, I won't gag you." I let go of Monique's nipple
  and held the ball gag up for her to see.  
"Yes Master." I ran my hand over her belly, she laid back and opened her
  legs obediently as I moved down to her sex and fingered her pussy. She let
  out a groan as I rubbed her clit, her hips moved to me, driving my finger harder
  onto her body.  
"Have you been playing with yourself today slut?" She continued to rub my
  finger with her pussy, but she held her head low, ashamed.  
"No Master."  
"Did you want to?" There was a hesitation.  
"Yes&hellip;yes Master I did." I thrust two fingers in her sex and started
  driving in and out. Monique moaned and ground her pussy down on my hand.  
I pulled my hand away suddenly and Monique looked up at me, her eyes wide
  and wanting.  
"Maybe later, if you're good I'll let you cum, but for now, don't touch yourself.
  Put all your focus into getting Emily ready!" I got off the bed, looming over
  Monique.  
"I don't want to hear you two talking at all, understand!" She nodded. I
  undid the lock holding on her collar and set it on the bed. I grabbed Monique
  by the neck and got her to her feet. I held her tight and started toward my
  room.  
"Wait one second." I changed directions and pulled Monique toward Jim's room,
  I heard her gasp when she saw Tara bent over the chair. The bound girl's eyes
  followed me as I moved Monique in behind her, I pushed Monique's face into
  Tara's ass.  
"Lick her clean." I line of drying cum ran down the inside of Tara's thigh
  and more continued to seep from her pussy. Tara's whole body jerked, and the
  weighted clamps swung into motion, as Monique ran her tongue over her skin.  
Tara was whimpering as Monique lapped up Jim's cum, I could see her pussy
  twitching as Monique moved closer to her snatch with each swab. I watched as
  Monique's tongue dart in and out of the folds of Tara's pussy, and in spite
  of the weighted clamps on her breasts, Tara bucked in response to Monique's
  mechanizations.  
"Stop it, please." I watched as Tara's nipples strain with the weights attached,
  I could hear the rope creaking as she tugged hard on her bonds.  
"Please&hellip;" She turned her head and looked back at me, there was an
  odd look on her face, I could see her wincing in discomfort, but there was
  also a certain glow in her eyes.  
"Please&hellip;AAAhhhhhhh!" Tara screamed out as Monique drove her tongue
  in her pussy, a little stream of cum ran from her opening.  
Tara flexed her hand's, there was little else she could do the way she was
  bound. Monique ran her tongue down the length of Tara's sex, licking up the
  dribbling cum.  
"Okay, that's enough, Tara wants you to stop." I grabbed Monique by the hair
  and got her to her feet. Tara looked back and locked eyes with her friend,
  confused and wanting. I pushed Monique ahead of me, then turned her so her
  hips were right in front of Tara's mouth.  
"Go on, give Monique's pussy a little kiss slut." I forced Monique forward
  till she was almost touching Tara's lips with her sex. I reached under Tara's
  body and tugged down on one of the weights.  
"Come on girl, return the favor." Tara tenuously shoved her tongue out, spreading
  Monique's labia, I could feel Monique's knees give way a little, but I held
  her up under the shoulders.  
"Isn't that sweet?" Tara's tongue was buried in Monique's sex.  
I pulled Monique from Tara's mouth and toward the door. Tara stared up at
  me, here eyes pleading as we were almost out the door.  
"Please&hellip;" Tara's hips were swaying in need as I slammed the door shut
  behind me.  
I forced Monique across the hall into my room, I led her into the bathroom
  where Emily was on her knees in front of the mirror, with her knees spread
  wide she was running her fingers over her pussy.  
"Good girl!" Emily took her hands away from her sex immediately and I made
  Monique get to her knees next to her.  
"Monique's going to clean you up for me." Monique couldn't look at her friend.  
"I don't want you two to talk to each other at all, understand?" My two unwilling
  pets both nodded.  
"Monique, I want you to shave her pussy too, make sure she's smooth as a
  baby's bottom for me." Emily tried to twist away from me as I ran my hand over
  her sex. "You'd might as well do yourself too!" I grinned at Monique. "All
  my slaves will be kept smooth." I stood up and grabbed the bag I'd left on
  the dressing table.  
"When she's all ready for my cock, " I handed Monique the bag. "Put these
  cuffs on her wrists and ankles, and the collar on her, hook her spread eagle
  to the bed." Monique looked inside the bag, there was a set of thick leather
  restraints that I'd bought online.  
 "Make sure she's spread, and that the chains are taut." Monique looked up
  at me, it almost looked like she was pouting.  
"While you're waiting for me, I want you to lick her pussy and play with
  her tits, but don't make her cum." I grabbed Monique by the hair. "If you do,
  then I'll punish you, and you wouldn't like that, would you?" I let go of Monique's
  hair, her shoulders were trembling as she knelt on the floor.  
 "Get started, you have two hours." I walked out of the bathroom and slammed
  the door shut behind me. It took all my willpower to hold off on the girl,
  I couldn't wait to fuck Emily.  
 I sat down on the couch and flipped on the TV. I was impatient as hell to
  get back to my slaves, but I had to be calm. The minutes seemed like hours,
  I couldn't even concentrate on what I was watching.  
When it was finally time, my dick was aching so bad it was hard to walk.
  I headed to back to my bedroom, it had taken all my self control to not come
  back early, but I'd managed. After I stepped inside I locked the door shut
  behind me and took a deep breath.  
I was met with a lovely sight, Emily was bound spread eagle on the bed and
  Monique was between her legs, licking away at her friend's pussy.  
"Hello my pretty little slaves." Monique took her face out of Emily's sex,
  her lips were wet with Emily's juices.  
"Get on your knees slut." Monique fell to the floor immediately, getting
  on her knees and locking her hands behind her head.  
"Did you make her cum?" Monique looked up at me with fear in her eyes.  
"No Master." Emily's breasts were heaving, her body was covered with a sheen
  of sweat and I could see her labia were engorged. I sat down on the bed next
  to her and ran my hand over Emily's inner thighs, she tried to clamp her legs
  shut but the cuffs held her open.  
"Don't worry baby, I'm going to fuck you hard and pop that cherry soon, you
  won't have to wait long now." I put my fingers on her clit, her pussy was wet
  and Emily screamed as I rubbed her little bud.  
"Please, please don't, let me go, please..." I loved the absolute desperation
  in her voice.  
Emily's eyes watched me intently as I got to my feet and lowered my pants.
  My dick was hard and throbbing, more so than it had ever been before. I stroked
  myself and smiled at Emily, her arms and legs corded as she tried to pull free
  of the bonds on her wrists and ankles.  
Monique opened her mouth and swallowed my cock without me having to say a
  word. She grabbed my ass and took my prick to the back of her throat.  
"Hold on baby." I pushed her away.  
"You almost made me cum there." I walked gingerly to the dresser and grabbed
  the penis gag with the dildo extension.  
"Open up." I pushed the smaller penis on the gag into Monique's mouth then
  locked the buckles in place behind her head. She twisted her face side to side,
  she looked so beautiful with the gag in, kind of like a narwhale, the dildo
  that projected from her lips was a good 8" long, and quite thick.  
I grabbed Monique by the hair and pulled her to the side of the bed, I got
  her to her feet so Emily could see.  
"After I fuck you, Monique is going to take her turn too."  
The tears were streaking down Emily's cheeks.  
"No, please&hellip;" Emily turned her head away from me and was weeping,
  she face buried her face in the covers.  
I found a leather strap and pulled it tight around Monique's elbows, I pushed
  her to her knees and forced her in the cage at the foot of the bed.  
"Enjoy the show. If you fuck her pussy hard enough later, I might just let
  you cum?" Monique was sitting on her haunches, the large dildo jutting from
  her mouth as her hands wiggled helplessly behind her back.  
I laid on the bed next to Emily, she started whining as I ran my hand over
  her smoothly shaven pussy.  
"That's nice, I want you to always to be shaved clean." My dick was aching
  and I could barely take it. I rubbed myself till the pre-cum started seeping
  from the head of my cock.  
"Are you ready for me to fuck you baby?" I slid my finger in her sex, she
  was wet, and I could feel her pussy throbbing.  
"Please&hellip;" I rolled over onto of Emily, I propped my upper body on
  my elbows and eased the head of my cock to her opening, there was a jolt through
  her body as my prick touched her.  
"That's it baby, you're nice and ready for me, aren't you?" I hovered over
  her, inches off her body.  
She turned her head to the side as I lowered myself onto her, she groaned
  as my weight fell on her, I gyrated my hips, just barely easing the head of
  my cock deeper in her pussy.  
"You're so tight, aren't you slut." Not waiting I jerked my hips forward,
  ramming my prick deep in her tight channel, surprising her with the suddenness,
  and violence, of my movements.  
At first Emily looked up at me wide eyed, a look of complete shock filling
  her face, then she started screaming. I could feel her vaginal muscles close
  on my cock, squeezing me in her once virginal sheath.  
I didn't bother with foreplay, I started pounding into her sex like a madman,
  Emily let out a pitiful wail of pain each time I buried my dick in her pussy.
  I used every ounce of strength to drive my hips forward, slamming the whole
  length of my prick into her battered cunt.  
I grabbed for her hair, her chin was pinned up under my shoulder, my body
  covered her, I could feel her stomach convulsing in pain beneath me.  
"That's it baby, now you're a whore like the rest of them." I could feel
  the sweat forming on my brow as I used her body without mercy, it almost hurt
  as I pummeled her sex, slamming my dick deep in her tight pussy, my balls smacking
  against her ass. I could feel her hard nipples against my chest as she let
  out a low, pained cry.  
I humped her, pounding into her body. I didn't know how long I could hold
  out.  
"I'm going to cum inside you, I'm going to fill you with my sperm!" My body
  slid over hers, the friction was intense, but wonderful. I could hear her grunting
  as I drove my dick deep, she kept her head to the side, my shoulder pressed
  up against her chin.  
"I'm going to blow!" I could feel my prick start to spurt, I rammed my hips
  forward, making her cry out with the violence of the thrust as my cock jerked
  and shot my sperm in her belly in an incredible torrent.  
"That's it cunt, that's what you're good for!" I rutted her hard, making
  her scream as I impaled my dick in her pussy, forcing the last drops of cum
  from my penis I collapsed on her whimpering body.  
"Oh god that was incredible!" I rocked my hips slowly into the whining girl.
  I wrapped my arm around her head, taking her soft hair into the crook of my
  arm, my cheek was pressed against hers as she sobbed.  
Emily yelped as I eased my dick in and out of her pussy slowly, I was still
  hard, and I loved the feel of her vaginal muscles holding me tight.  
"What a perfect little whore." She twisted her head to the side, not looking
  at me, crying hard as I slid my cock from her pussy. I knelt above her, running
  my hand over her tits, then cupping her chin making her look up at me.  
I locked my mouth down on hers, driving my tongue between her teeth. My hand
  moved over her belly, I could feel her muscles contract as I touched her clit.
  I started rubbing her till her hips started to move. She looked up at me, her
  eyes glazed over.  
"We're going to have a lot of fun together baby!" I took my hand away from
  her pussy and squeezed her tits.  
"A lot of fun." I rolled myself off the bed and got gingerly to me feet.
  Emily's eyes followed me as she tugged on the bonds that held her.  
I moved towards Monique's cage, the long dildo projected from her lips and
  bobbed up and down as she shuffled back deeper in the metal frame enclosure.  
"That's it slut, it's your turn." Monique pressed her body against the back
  of the cage as I opened the door.  
"Come on bitch." Monique started whimpering as I came for her, she yelped
  as I grabbed for her hair and tugged her out of the cage.  
She could do nothing to stop me as I pushed her hard down on the bed between
  Emily's widely splayed thighs. I climbed on the bed and forced Monique forward,
  till her chin rested on Emily's pussy, the dildo laying on her skin.  
"No, please no!" Emily lifted her head up off the mattress, she was looking
  down over her body, her breasts were heaving as she breathed heavily.  
I straddled Monique's back and took hold of her head, grasping her scalp
  I lined up the long dildo with Emily's opening, her pussy was twitching, and
  the muscles of her inner thighs corded as she tried to close her legs.  
"PLLLEEAAASSSEEEE." I forced Monique's head forward so the large head of
  the shaft sank an inch into her friend's pussy.  
"No, no, please, you can't." Emily screamed out as I held Monique's head
  still, smiling as Emily's hips bucked off the bed trying to move away from
  the intrusion.  
I rammed Monique's head forward, driving the length of the dildo in Emily's
  pussy, making her scream louder than when I'd fucked her. Monique's nose was
  pushed hard against Emily's flesh. I held her there, the whole of the rubber
  shaft filling her friend's pussy.  
"I want you to fuck her hard." I twisted Monique's hair in my hands till
  she wailed out. "If you're good I'll let you cum, if you aren't, then I'll
  punish you, after I whip your friend's pussy that is." I tugged Monique's head
  back, pulling the dildo from Emily's sex.  
"Understand?" By the look in her eyes I could tell Monique's answer. I took
  a clump of hair at back of her head and drove the long shaft back in Emily's
  pussy.  
Monique bunched her hands into fists as she unwillingly raped her friend's
  pussy with the large dildo. She started driving her head forward, ramming the
  dildo into Emily's sex as I sat astride her back. Emily's body jerked and she
  tried to close her thighs each time the fake cock slammed home.  
"Oh God, please stop this!" Emily cried out, she grunted each time the prick
  filled her pussy, going deep into her belly.  
"Please!!!" I climbed off Monique and lay next to Emily. Pinching her nipples
  between my fingers I played with her tits while watching Monique's hair flutter
  as she thrust her head forward.  
"That's it slut, fuck her harder!" Monique's eyes peered up at me over the
  cock jutting from her mouth, Emily yelped with each thrust, her head was tossed
  back and she was staring blindly at the ceiling.  
My dick was aching and I let go of Emily's tits, I got up and straddled her
  face, pushing the head of my cock against her lips.  
"Open up!" I smacked her hard across the breasts and she opened her mouth
  reluctantly. I slammed my prick into her throat, making her gag as I filled
  her. My lust was without constraint and I started fucking Emily's face brutally.  
"Oh God!" It felt so good, Emily's soft lips and tongue, were heaven to my
  prick. I could hear her choking as she desperately fought to take in air around
  the cock filling her mouth. I humped her face, driving my hips down, making
  her take me all in.  
I was bent over Emily's body with my dick thrusting in her mouth, barely
  letting her catch her breath when I grabbed Monique by the hair and pulled
  her toward me, making her fuck her friend even harder.  
"Come on slut!" Emily's legs jerked as the large dildo slammed into her pussy.
  I could feel my balls ready to spurt.  
I pulled my cock free from Emily's mouth and started jacking off in her face,
  the first large shoot plastered her forehead, her eyes flew open when my warm
  cum hit her skin.  
"How do you like that slut, make me cum on your face!" My prick kept pulsing
  and shooing sperm over Emily's pretty features, first on her forehead, then
  over her eye and cheek.  
"Oh God!" I squeezed the last few drops of cum from the head of my cock.  
"That's it whore." Emily twisted her head away as sperm dribbled on her face.
  She was coughing as the saliva bubbled up around her lips.  
Monique continued to drive her head forward, burying the dildo in Emily's
  pussy. I reached out and tugged hard on Emily's nipples, making her cry out,
  my cum dripping off her brow into her eye.  
"Holy shit you're an incredible slut!" I climbed off the bed and moved next
  to Monique. I knew she could sense me there, standing over her, but she kept
  fucking Emily's pussy not looking up.  
"That's enough slut!" I grabbed Monique by the neck and the dildo popped
  free of Emily's body. I undid the buckles holding the gag in her mouth and
  she started coughing as I pulled the smaller penis from her lips, holding her
  still, staring down into her eyes.  
"Did you do a good job fucking her slave?" Drool ran down Monique's chin,
  Emily's juices covered her lips and nose.  
"I tried Master!" Her body was shaking in my grasp.  
"Do you want to cum? Did it make you hot fucking your friend?" Her face went
  flush with embarrassment.  
"Yes Master, please, I need to cum!" Monique held her head low.  
"Did you like forcing that big dick in your friend's pussy?" She didn't respond,
  her face was going redder and redder with shame by the second.  
"Did you like it?" I shook Monique by the shoulders.  
"Yes Master." She barely whispered out the words, holding her head low.  
"Then get on her and lick that cum off her face." I undid the strap around
  her elbows. Monique waved her arms for an instant, getting the blood back into
  her hands, then she climbed on Emily, pinning her friend beneath her, their
  breasts crushed against one another.  
Monique lapped up the sticky white sperm that covered Emily's face with her
  tongue, she looked like an obedient dog.  
"That's it slut." I knelt behind Monique and pushed two fingers in her pussy
  and I could hear her moan.  
I twisted my fingers in her and used my free hand to rub her clit, she was
  wet, her juices ran down her thighs.  
I rammed my fingers in her pussy, Monique's hips were bucking off Emily's
  as I got her ever closer to cumming.  
"Are you ready to orgasm slave?" Monique let out a guttural roar as she wrapped
  her tongue around Emily's.  
"That's it baby, kiss your friend." I rubbed her clit hard, I could feel
  her driving her pelvis back onto my fingers as she started panting.  
 "You're just a whore!" I smacked her ass, driving my fingers deep in her
  body. I was rubbing her clit hard when Monique started letting out a series
  of high pitched squeaks. Her legs spasmed and her toes were stretched, pointed
  as she ground her hips down into Emily's.  
 "That's it baby!" I slowly thrust my fingers in and out her sex till Monique's
  body gradually calmed. A loan moan escaped her body as her mouth was still
  locked on Emily's.  
 I pulled my fingers from Monique's pussy, they were covered with her juices.
  I eased two fingers over Emily's sex then slid in her opening, her body jerked
  as I penetrated her, I could hear her whine as I drove in to the knuckle.  
 "God you two are hot!" I pumped my slimy finger into Emily for a few minutes.  
 "I'm going to have a lot of fun with you sluts." I ran my hand over Monique's
  ass, her skin was so smooth. She turned her head back and looked at me.  
 "Good job slave, I'm impressed." Monique blushed, I think embarrassed she'd
  let herself get so out of control.  
I climbed off the bed and stood looking down at my girls, grinning, not knowing
  what to do next, both their eyes were locked on me, waiting, anticipating what
  I'd do to them next.  
 "Get off the bed and into your cage!" I pointed Monique toward the metal
  enclosure at the foot of the bed. She hopped off the bed and crawled inside,
  never taking her eyes off mine.  
 Emily was sobbing as I undid the clips holding her spread eagle. She didn't
  move even after I had her completely undone, she just stared up at me, her
  pretty breasts heaving.  
 "Go on, get in the cage with Monique." Emily was bawling, she put her hand
  to her pussy and started sobbing louder.  
 "Get in the cage!" Emily got to the floor with difficulty, cupping her sex.
  Monique hugged Emily tight as she crawled in the cage. There was barely room
  for the both of them inside as I slammed the door shut.  
 "I'll be back for you later." I stood for a moment watching the pair huddle
  together, then I shut the bedroom door behind me as left them crying in a lewd
  embrace.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks&hellip;.semiater(semiater@yahoo.com
  )  
Cheerleaders' Rape and Torture  
 By Semiater  
 Chapter Eight  
 I started toward the kitchen but as I passed Jim's closed door I could hear
  Tara whimpering inside. I thought I heard Jim in the basement still, so I knocked
  to see what was up, when I got no response I opened the door I saw Tara bound
  on the chair, just like I'd left her.  
 "Please, god please let me go. I'll do anything, my arms and legs hurt so
  bad, and I've got to pee, please, my&hellip;" She hesitated, ashamed she had
  to speak of herself as an object. "My tits hurt, please, you've got to let
  me go, I'll do anything." She stared up at me, the pain and desperation was
  clear in her eyes.  
 Tara started groaning as I reached under her lifted the weighted clip attached
  to her breast relieving the strain in some ways, but adding to her pain in
  others. I could see her biting her lip trying to keep from screaming.  
 "Please&hellip;" It was a plaintive, tortured plea. I let go of the weight
  and let gravity tug it towards the floor, stretching Tara's nipple to the brink
  again and making her wail out.  
 "Owwweeeee, god, no, please!" She was screaming as her whole body responded
  to the pain in her breast. I ran my hand over her back, then her ass, her muscles
  twitched under my touch, to my surprise her pussy was moist.  
 "What's this, you're still wet cunt?" She started whining louder.  
 "Please, do anything to me, fuck me, I'll suck your cock, cum on me, anything,
  please." I thrust a finger into her pussy and she started to whimper.  
 "Okay slut." I pulled my finger from her snatch and started undoing the
  ropes.  
 "Thank you, thank you." First I had her legs free, then her arms. Red marks
  were dug into her skin where the rope had been looped. She got gingerly to
  her feet after I'd untied her, I could tell her legs were weak and stiff, she
  rubbed her arms trying to get the life back into them. She started up at me,
  her eyes pleading, the weights tugged mercilessly on her breasts.  
I reached out and held the heads of the clamps between my fingers, but I
  didn't remove them.  
"Please&hellip;please Master, please!" I stretched her tits a little, making
  her yelp, then I opened the clamps and undid them from her breasts.  
"Thank Yo&mdash;" She could barely get out the words before her yes squinted
  shut and she started to wail.  
"Ooooowwwwwe." Tara had her hands on her breasts, trying to rub away the
  pain. I just sat there, smirking as she got her whole body into it, she bucked
  her hips and twisted her torso, her face was contorted with the fading ache
  in her breasts.  
When she finally got back a little to sorts Tara looked at me, there was
  a mixture of rage, and thankfulness in her eyes.  
"Thank you." I just smiled at her, knowing it was hard, and humiliating,
  for her to have to thank me for anything.  
"Get on your knees whore!" She fell on her knees, she crawled to me and circled
  my hips with her arms, then she started to undo my fly.  
"No slut, not now." I grabbed a clump of hair and twisted her face up, she
  looked a little confused as she stared in my eyes.  
"What are you?" She looked down at the floor, paused, and softly spoke.  
"I'm a useless cunt." I was glad she wasn't looking at me, I didn't want
  her to see my grin of pleasure at her response, I didn't want her to know she'd
  finally done something right. I let go of her hair.  
"Crawl to the bathroom!" Tara's legs and arms were still stiff, and she moved
  awkwardly toward the toilet, I was right behind her, smacking her ass as she
  slowly ambled in, she stopped inside right in front of the porcelain bowl.
  Her body tensed.  
"Can I pee?" I smacked her across the cheek, she at me looked shocked.  
"What whore, you're forgetting something aren't you, you useless slave!" I
  slapped her again just for the hell of it.  
"Can I pee Master." Tara spit out the words quickly, and with venom, I could
  see her body trembling with fear at my response.  
"Yes slut." She knew she wasn't going to get privacy today, I just stood
  there. Tara got to her feet and started putting the seat down.  
"No, leave it up, squat and relieve yourself like that, slaves have to earn
  the right to pee sitting down." I'm not much into watching girls piss, but
  that wasn't the point today, I wanted to see her tremble, I loved the utter
  humiliation in Tara's eyes as she tried to pee with me standing there, ready
  to pounce at any moment. Her brow crunched together, her eyes squinted, and
  I could see the tears forming.  
"That's it whore, you're lucky I don't take you out in the back yard to piss." Tara's
  eyes were downcast, I could tell by her movements that she was filled with
  shame. When she was done, she just stayed squatting, her legs spread wide.  
"Get back on your knees bitch!" Tara cleaned herself off and fell to her
  knees.  
"Heel slut." I started walking towards the bedroom again, Tara crawled behind
  me, and when I stopped by the side of the bed she knelt there, her breasts
  dangling, the red marks from the ropes still visible on her skin.  
"Look up at me!" Tara looked up at me with pleading eyes, her hair was disheveled
  and hung in tufts over her face.  
"I'm going to leave you alone, but I want you to get on the bed and masturbate,
  I want you to rub that useless cunt of yours till you're about to cum, then
  I want you to stop before you actually do. If I find out you have an orgasm
  I'll beat the shit out of you, understand?" Tara nodded, her eyes were wide
  and fixed on me.  
"Then, when you've stopped for 15 minutes, I want you to start again, I want
  you to rub that pussy of yours till you're aching. I want you to be panting
  like a dog in heat when Jim comes back, and if he decides to let you cum, that'll
  be up to him, but from now on you'll never orgasm without permission, do you
  understand you two bit whore?" Tara nodded morosely.  
"And don't even think about trying to get away." I opened the door.  
"Spike, Shadow!" The two dogs started rumbling toward me from down the hall,
  they burst into the room, barking and hopping around. Tara started screaming
  and climbed up on the bed, eyeing the pair of large black labs ominously.  
"Get your ass back on the floor bitch!"  
"Please, please, no!"  
"Don't fucking make me get you down, you wouldn't like it!" Tara gingerly
  stepped off the bed, the dogs circled her as she got her feet on the floor,
  she looked up at me as Spike pushed his nose between her legs, tears were streaming
  down her cheeks.  
"On the floor slut!" Tara started crying harder as she got to her hands and
  knees, Spike moved in behind her and flicked his tongue over her pussy making
  her scream. Shadow nipped at her dangling breasts.  
"Please, please." Spike put his paws on
    her back and started bucking against her thigh. 
"No, No, stop them, please!" Tara's scream was high pitched and frenzied.   
"Get away Spike." I grabbed the dog by the collar and pulled him off from
  Tara, she'd pressed her body against the bed, trying to get close for protection.  
"Out, get out of here dogs..." I pointed toward the door, Spike hesitated,
  taking his attention from Tara he looked up at me, those big brown eyes were
  fixed on mine for an instant, then he bolted, tongue wagging and barking. Shadow
  lapped his tongue over Tara's mouth, then followed his buddy. I could hear
  them head out into the backyard through the doggy door, yelping and whining
  in joy.  
"The dogs are in the house, and if you try to leave this room I'm not going
  to stop them. If they want to fuck you, I'm sure they will, and you'll be their
  bitch." I didn't know if the dogs would actually mount her, but she didn't
  need to know that.  
"Do you understand?" Tara nodded, dejected, she was still breathing hard
  from fear.  
"Get up on the bed. Don't think about taking it easy masturbating, I want
  you panting, ready to cum and then you'd better stop." Tara climbed up on the
  bed, she got on her back and spread her legs. She looked tenuously at me, her
  breasts still heaving, wondering what tortures I'd inflict on her next.  
"Go on slut, I'm sure you've got lots of practice." Tara started fingering
  her pussy, She was too terrorized to put much effort in, at least for now.  
"When Jim comes for you tonight, I want you to get to your knees on the floor,
  put your hands up under your chin and beg him to treat you like the dog you
  are." Tara started rubbing her clit harder, she started squeezing her breast
  with her free hand.  
"You're just a cock whore, you'd better get used to it." I smiled at her
  and slammed the door behind me, leaving her fingering herself on the bed, utterly
  degraded.  
I was starving when I got into the kitchen. I started dinner and sat in front
  of the TV for a bit, when everything was done I ate ravenously, and then delivered
  meals to the girls upstairs.  
When I walked back in my room I saw Emily and Monique locked in the cage.
  I loved the way they had to squeeze and hold each other, stuffed in the cage
  together, forced into an embrace neither could have envisioned only days before.
  I let them out, and then sat on the bed and watched them eat in silence. Emily
  was crying, whimpering softly as she ate, feeling the total shame of her violation.  
When my pretty sluts were through eating, I stuffed the pair back into the
  cage and then started downstairs with more food for Jim, Lisa and Jayme.  
"Hey buddy, what's up." Jim was bent over Lisa, she was on her back on the
  bed, her head perched over the edge with him straddling her face, his dick
  buried in her mouth. I could hear Lisa gagging as Jim eased his cock deep to
  the back of her throat, he then slowly pulled out till the head of his dick
  was at her lips. Saliva coated her chin and face as she gasped for breath.  
Jayme was laying face down on the mattress, her nose was buried between Lisa's
  spread legs, her tongue driving into her friend's pussy. When I moved behind
  her I could see the baseball bat jutting from her sex. Jim had rammed the small,
  handle end, of an old wooden bat deep in her cunt. Her back was crisscrossed
  with red welts.  
Jayme took her mouth from Lisa's sex for a second as I took hold of the thick
  end of the bat and thrust it deep in her body. When I couldn't push it in any
  more, I slowly pulled the wood out till her labia started to spread and the
  knob almost slid free.  
Jayme groaned as I started fucking her pussy with the bat, pushing it back
  deep into her body. Lisa's legs were trembling as Jayme licked away, using
  her tongue on Lisa's clit and the folds of her sex masterfully. I could hear
  Jim start to pant as he drove his hips down, making Lisa gag as he cock hit
  the back of her throat again.  
"That's it cunt, I'm about to cum!" Lisa's legs jerked in the air as Jim
  buried his prick deep, cutting off her air for an instant.  
Jim bellowed out and held the back of Lisa's head, shooting his load into
  her mouth. I could hear Lisa choking, and I could see her stomach convulse
  as Jayme continued to lick her pussy. I kept pumping the knob end of the bat
  in Jayme's snatch, pulling the thick base just to the point where it was about
  to pop out of her spread lips, and then slamming it back in till I drove into
  her cervix.  
"Get her over onto her back!" Jim pointed to Jayme. I grabbed her knee, leaving
  the bat deep in her pussy and rolled her over onto her back. Jim pulled his
  cock free from Lisa's mouth and dick slapped her across the face, leaving a
  trail of sperm over her cheeks and forehead, then he grabbed her by the hair
  and made her kneel on the bed. He pushed her toward Jayme.  
"Go share my cum with your friend!" Lisa gave me a quick look of despair,
  seeing I wasn't going to do anything to help her, she knelt over Jayme's face,
  opened her mouth and let a trail of sperm roll from her lips into her friend's.
  Jim had obviously told them what to do before hand.  
Jayme swallowed the large load of sperm, and then extended her tongue, Lisa
  moved in and the pair started kissing, their mouth's locked on one another.
  Lisa had her hands on Jayme's breasts and kneaded her friend's large tits between
  her fingers.  
I continued to fuck Jayme with the bat as she and Lisa were locked in their
  lesbian display. I could see Jim smiling at me as he stroked his softening
  dick. The pair of girls struggled away at their new roles.  
Jim grabbed Lisa by the hair and ripped her mouth away from Jayme's.  
"I guess Pat's been nice enough to bring you slut's dinner." Jayme groaned
  in relief as I tugged the bat from her pussy, the handle popped from her fuck
  hole with an audible slurping sound. She put her hands between her legs and
  started to rub her aching snatch.  
 "Come on, eat up." Jim smacked Lisa hard across the breast making her yelp.  
 We left the two girls squatting on the mattress eating their meal.  
 "Hell of a day Buddy, God these girls are incredible."  
 "Staying down here tonight with them are you?"  
 "Awe, hell no, man I've got to get up to Tara, I'll be ready to fuck her
  again soon."  
 "Yeah, I think I'm going to head up and watch the game, then head off to
  bed. Doc's supposed to come in tomorrow, and I've got to get working on setting
  up the basement the way I want."  
 "That'll be nice, I can just imagine what you've got in mind, a real live
  dungeon, who would believe it?" I really did need to get working on something
  on the setup, I couldn't keep it like it was, just an empty dog kennel.  
"This is amazing, I still can't believe you did this." There was a look of
  wonder on Jim's face still, it was totally sincere.  
 "I'm going to head up." I ran my hand over Lisa's smooth back, she jumped,
  startled a bit by my touch. "Are you coming Jim?" His eyes were fixated on
  the girls as they ate in terrified silence.  
 "I'll be up in a few, I want to make sure these two are set for the night." Jim
  sat on the bed between the two as I headed up the stairs, I saw him cup Jayme's
  breast and start playing with her nipples, I wondered how long it would take
  him to get bored.  
I laid down on the couch and flipped on the TV. I was feeling completely
  at ease, and almost a little sentimental. My dick was getting hard thinking
  about Emily and I knew I'd have to fuck her before I fell asleep. I thought
  about making her cum, but I wasn't sure? I distracted myself with watching
  a game on the tube, I knew I'd come up with something.  
I was curious what Doc would think when he got here. He was a brilliant guy,
  if a bit off the deep end. He wasn't exactly renowned for his dedication to
  the Hippocratic Oath, but I liked his style. He liked girls, and he liked playing
  with them. If Jim was physically rough, Doc had a habit of being somewhat sadistic
  in using his medical skills on the girls he was with.  
I was horny as hell when I finally started heading for the bedroom. I was
  a little surprised Jim hadn't come upstairs yet, I was almost tempted to see
  what he was doing, but Emily beckoned.  
I knocked at Jim's bedroom door and I heard Tara moving inside, when I opened
  the door she was just putting her hands to her neck as she knelt on the floor.  
"Hello slut." I ran my hand through her hair. Her nipples were rock hard,
  and I could see her labia were engorged and swollen.  
"Please let me cum Master, please." Her eyes were locked on mine as I rubbed
  her scalp softly.  
"Get on the bed, let me see that pussy of yours." Tara staggered up on the
  mattress and laid on her back, she spread her legs wide for me.  
As soon as I touched her pussy Tara started moaning, she was sopping wet
  as I slid my fingers between the folds of her sex.  
"You haven't cum, have you slut?" There was a pained expression on her face.  
"No Master I haven't. Please, please let me cum now, I need it so bad." I
  eased two fingers in her pussy, being careful to move slowly. I saw Tara take
  two large handfuls of linens in her hand's, she closed her eyes and arched
  her head back.  
"What are you?"  
"I'm&hellip;I'm a whore, a useless cunt to be used." Tara opened her eyes
  and stared, her eyes were glazed over with need. She pulled hard on the covers
  as I worked my fingers around in her pussy. I could feel her muscles throbbing,
  squeezing me tight.  
"Please, make me cum Master, please." I pulled my fingers from her snatch
  and climbed up on the bed, I thrust them in her mouth.  
"Lick me clean slut!" Tara lapped away at my hand, sucking her own juices
  off my fingers. I cupped her breast and pinched her nipple hard.  
"Keep masturbating, but don't cum, I want you ready when Jim comes back." I
  heard Tara groan in displeasure as I climbed off the bed.  
"He should be up soon?" There was an incredible despair in her eyes as I
  slammed the door shut behind me.  
Seeing Tara in desperate need had only made my dick harder. I took a deep
  breath as I opened the door to my room, the sight of Monique and Emily wedged
  in the cage made my prick jump.  
"Hello girls, glad to see me?" They both followed me with their eyes but
  remained silent as I moved toward the cage, I stood over them for a second,
  loving the vision they made. I could see Emily's face start to contort as she
  started to sob softly.  
"Don't cry babe, I'm right here." I undid the clasp on the cage and opened
  the door.  
"Come on, come to daddy." Monique and Emily had to disentangle their luscious
  bodies from their forced embrace. Emily crawled out of the cage first, as soon
  as she was free I pulled her to her feet and clamped my mouth on hers. She
  tried to struggle away from me like a cat trying to escape an unwanted hold,
  but I easily overpowered her and held her firm. I wedged my tongue between
  her teeth and explored her mouth. She squirmed even more as I put my hand up
  between her legs from behind and ran my fingers over her ass.  
Monique crawled out of the cage and knelt at my feet, I could feel her there
  as I held Emily tight. I forced Emily toward the bed, I pushed her down on
  the mattress, collapsing on top of her, keeping my mouth locked on hers the
  whole time. I know she could feel my hard dick against her thigh as I crushed
  her beneath my weight.  
 I stood up and grabbed Emily by the hips, I tugged her so her ass was just
  over the edge of the mattress.  
 "Get up on the bed you slut and let her lick your pussy." I pointed Monique
  toward the bed, there was that instant of hesitation in her face, then she
  climbed on the mattress and straddled Emily's head, she faced me and lowered
  her pussy onto her friend's lips. I smacked Emily hard across her already sore
  cunt.  
 "Make her cum while I fuck you!" I lifted Emily's legs up over my shoulders
  and rammed home into her pussy without mercy. I could hear her yelp, even with
  her face buried in her friends snatch.  
Emily's vaginal muscles spasmed and held me tight, I know she was still aching
  from when I'd taken her virginity earlier but that didn't slow me down.  
 I had Emily's hips up off the bed and I held her tight around the waist.
  I drove forward into her with my lower body and used my hold on her to pummel
  her pussy even harder. Monique had hold of Emily's nipples and was tugging
  them, but she was alone in her own world, eyes closed, savoring her friends
  tongue on the folds of her sex.  
 I fucked Emily brutally, her hips smacked against mine and I could feel
  her calves up over my shoulders kicking as I pounded her. Monique had to slide
  forward to keep her pussy on Emily's face as I kept pumping into her friend's
  tight sheath, pulling her toward me with each thrust.  
 "That's it bitch, I'm going to cum." I smacked Monique hard across the breasts,
  she ground her hips down onto Emily's lips even harder while she pinched her
  friends nipples.  
I used my hold on Emily's hips to drive her down onto my cock, burying myself
  to the hilt as my balls started to contract and shoot into her belly. Emily's
  legs went limp as my sperm filled her.  
 "Oh God, that's what your made for slut." I slid my dick in and out of her
  pussy, slowly draining all my cum into her cunt.  
 I ran my hand over Emily's smooth stomach, I could feel her muscles trembling.
  Monique had her fingers on her own clit, rubbing hard as she sat on her friend's
  face.  
 "May&hellip;may I cum Master, please." Monique was breathless and could
  barely get out the words.  
 I pulled my dick from Emily's sweet pussy, letting her feet fall to the
  floor as I grabbed for Monique's tits, squeezed them tight.  
 "Tell me what you are?" Monique was panting, her eyes were glazed with lust.
  She looked at me, she had one hand on her clit, the other was rubbing my chest.  
 "I'm a useless cum whore, please, let&hellip;!" I locked my mouth on her's,
  she opened her lips wide to receive me, twisting her tongue around mine.  
 "You can cum!" I closed my mouth on Monique's again, I could feel her body
  convulse as she came, I could feel it on her lips, in her mouth, I could feel
  it her breasts as I held them tight. Monique grabbed my waning dick and stroked
  it as her body shuddered with orgasm. Her soft fingers squeezed me tight as
  electric jolts passed through her body.  
After Monique calmed a little and let go of my dick, I collapsed on the bed
  next to Emily. Monique lifted her leg off Emily's face and fell next to me,
  she was still out of breath, and I could see the glow in her face, I started
  rubbing her tits, sinking my fingers into her soft flesh as Emily whimpered.  
It took a good five minutes before I came down off my high and was thinking
  like normal again.  
"Why don't you girls go use the bathroom, clean up a little before bed." I
  pinched Monique's nipple hard and she just groaned.  
"Go on." I pushed Monique on the shoulder, she got up, then helped Emily
  to her feet. They moved toward the bathroom, holding each other tight.  
I got reluctantly up and headed to the front room, I started digging through
  the boxes of newly delivered toys. It took me only a couple minutes to find
  what I was looking for, it was a double ended dildo, only about 10" long, but
  it was exactly what I wanted.  
I could hear the shower running when I got back into my bedroom. I didn't
  bother to knock, and just walked in, I don't think they heard me at all and
  I watched as the two clean each other in the shower. I was tempted to go in
  with them, but I eased out of the room and lay back on the bed.  
Monique and Emily sulked out of the bathroom about 15 minutes later, their
  hair was still slightly wet, and I loved the way their bodies glistened in
  the light. Monique pushed Emily ahead.  
"You both look beautiful." I tapped the bed next to me, Monique and Emily
  hopped up on the mattress and knelt stiffly, I ran my hand under Emily's chin.  
"Don't think of trying to do anything." I pushed her down onto her back next
  to me. I lubed up the dildo and slipped it gently into her pussy. I could hear
  her groan as the shaft sunk into her body. When I could go no deeper, about
  4" still jutted from Emily's snatch, I looked over at Monique and smiled.  
"Go ahead." Monique got down on her belly and took the free end of the dildo
  in her mouth, she swallowed the length of the shaft and had her nose pressed
  in Emily's sex.  
"Good girl." I ran my hand through Monique's hair, her eyes peered up at
  me with the fake dick in her mouth.  
"I want you to keep that dildo in your mouth all night long." I grinned,
  I loved the sight of my two girls locked together. I flipped off the light
  next to the bed and took Emily in my arms. I could feel her body stiffen as
  I took hold of her, she was softly sobbing as I faded off to sleep.  
I couldn't believe how good I felt when I woke up the next morning. I could
  feel Emily's gentle breathing next to me as my arm circled her chest. It was
  so cute to look down and see Monique with her eyes closed, her lips wrapped
  around the dildo, her face buried between Emily's thighs, and the sun streaming
  into the room.  
Emily woke startled as I locked my mouth on hers. I know she didn't know
  where she was, or what was happening initially, then her eyes went wide with
  recognition.  
"Hello slut. I hope you slept well?" Emily tried to twist away as I pinched
  her nipple. I could hear Monique stir, she groaned as she came to with the
  dildo in her mouth. Her eyes fluttered as she looked up over Emily's body at
  me and took a deep breath through her nostrils.  
"Get up on your knees, start sucking my cock." Monique slipped her lips off
  the double ended dildo and pulled the covers off my body. Her mouth was dry
  as she started running her tongue over the length of my dick.  
"You too." I let go of Emily's nipple and pushed her toward my waist. She
  moved her hands to her pussy and started to pull the shaft from her sex.  
"No, leave it in, I like seeing it buried in your snatch, it makes you look
  like the slut you are." I thought she'd start crying then and there, but she
  moved awkwardly to her knees next to Monique, being careful not to jolt the
  dildo in her pussy.  
Emily just kind of knelt there as Monique took my cock in her mouth. 
"Suck my balls slut, help your friend make me cum." Emily slumped forward and
took my testicle into her mouth. I couldn't help but moan when I felt her soft
lips take me in.   
Monique moved her head down over my prick, driving me quickly to the edge.
  I kept my hands on the girls' head's, running my fingers through their hair
  as they worked my cock in their mouths.  
"That's it sluts." I closed my eyes and savored the warm, moist lips and
  tongues on my cock.  
"Ahhh." I felt my body tighten.  
"I'm going to cum!"  
I started pumping my prick with my hand and started jacking off, a long string
  of sperm exploded onto Monique's face. My dick kept spurting and it splattered
  Emily's sweet features as I pushed her head over my cock.  
"That's it babe!" I stroked my penis, easing the remaining cum from my body.
  I could see the lines, and specks, of cum splashed over Monique and Emily.
  I groaned in unbelievable pleasure.  
Disgusted the pair just stared at my cock as the sperm plastered their faces.  
"Go on, lick me clean!" I felt Monique's tongue on my cock, Emily started
  lapping up the cum from my thighs, I loved the way their heads bobbed as they
  licked me clean.  
After their tongues had moved over every inch of my groin, I pulled my pair
  of lovely pets up to me and took them in a tight embrace, they turned their
  heads away from me, but it didn't matter, I held them firm. I loved the feel
  of them close to me.  
I'd never been so happy, I had two hot little slaves at me beck and call
  and I laid with them for a good twenty minutes, till finally I knew I had to
  get ready for the day ahead.  
I dragged the girls into the shower with me and had them bathe me, I loved
  the feel of the soft hands over my body, rubbing me down like a prince bathed
  by his servants.  
My dick was already jumping again after I'd dried up and had the girls kneeling
  in the bedroom. I thought I'd cum again when I had Monique pull the double
  ended dildo from Emily's pussy, she slid it gently from her friends snatch,
  but still Emily squirmed and cried out in discomfort.  
Monique held the glistening shaft in her hands and peered up at me with her
  beautiful eyes.  
I knelt down and thrust a finger in Monique's pussy and started pumping into
  her slowly.  
"Are you going to be a good girl and teach Emily how to behave today?" Monique
  cast her gaze to the floor and nodded her head.  
"Yes Master." I took my finger from her pussy and forced it in Emily's mouth,
  making her lick me clean.  
"Good." I grabbed a pair of leather collars, they were attached to a chain
  of about 3' long. I locked one cuff to each ankle of Emily and Monique, snapping
  the small padlock in place. I took a clump of Monique's hair in my hand and
  twisted her face so she was looking me in the eyes.  
"I'm going to take you in the other room, you can watch TV, you can talk,
  but only about how best to serve me, and I want you two to make each other
  cum. You have my permission today to orgasm as much as you'd like to." I tugged
  on Monique's hair, making her yelp softly. "And I expect you to cum a lot!" I
  let go of her hair. Monique stared up at me with a blank look on her face,
  Emily looked more disturbed, and seemed near tears.  
I got to my feet and helped the girls up, with a hand at Monique's elbow
  I pulled them across the hall. There was enough chain between their legs to
  move, but they had to move in step and it was somewhat awkward for them.  
I got them inside Monique's room and slammed the door shut, I didn't bother
  hooking the chain to Monique's collar, I knew they weren't going anyplace.  
When I walked into the kitchen Jim was already sitting at the table eating
  breakfast.  
 "Hey Buddy, get a good nights sleep?" Tara was on the floor, on her hands
  and knees to be precise. She cast a quick glance toward me, then buried her
  tongue back in the bowl of water she'd been drinking from, she lapped up the
  liquid like a good dog. There was also a plate next to her, but it had already
  been licked clean.  
 "Whatever you did to this bitch last night, when I stuck my dick in her
  she damn near came on the spot. She told me she needed my permission to cum." Jim
  ran his hand through Tara's hair. "That almost made me blow, but I managed
  to fuck her for awhile, and when I told her she could cum, she squirted like
  a hose. I've never had that happen when I've been with a girl, it made me shot
  my load in her pussy till my balls ached, it was so fucking hot!"  
I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and sat down across from Jim,
  I saw the plug in Tara's ass, and the little electric wire trailing from her
  pussy.  
 "I hope you don't mind, I broke into some of your toys this morning." Jim
  picked up the little control mechanism that was sitting in the small of Tara's
  back, the cord ran from it into her pussy.  
 "Watch this." I heard the buzzing start, Tara tried to continue lap the
  water, but her hips started to move.  
 "Let's see if this whore can keep from cumming." Jim turned up the speed
  control to high, I could hear Tara start to moan, but it wasn't so much of
  pleasure, more agony, I knew Jim had figured out what I'd told her, and that
  she couldn't cum without his permission. Now he was going to use it against
  her.  
 Tara's arms collapsed and she fell with her shoulders to the ground, she
  started rubbing her hard nipples against the floor.  
After a couple minutes, her hips were swinging from side to side and she
  started to cry out louder. Her toes were pointed and flexing as she started
  to beg. She continued to grind her breasts into the floor for stimulation.  
 "Master, may I cum, please!" Tara's pussy was dripping, I could see the
  lines of juices running down her inner thighs as her hips bucked, almost as
  if against an invisible man fucking her.  
 "No bitch, you can't cum, hold it!" Jim was taking to the role of Master
  easily.  
 "Please!!!"  
 "No!" Tara's body was in an frenzy, her ass moved side to side as she drove
  her hips forward. All of a sudden she started to scream and collapsed flat
  on the floor, she ground her pussy into the hard wood, rubbing her hips against
  the floor.  
 "Oh God!" Tara couldn't contain herself, her legs were spread wide as she
  pushed her clit against the wood, she had her hands at her breasts, squeezing.  
 "Oh God!"  
Jim moved with incredible quickness, Tara was still crying out in pleasure
  as he took hold of her hair and jerked her to her feet violently. Her cries
  went from joyous orgasm to incredible pain in an instant as Jim pushed Tara
  against the table edge, slamming her hips into the wood.  
 "What the fuck do you think you're doing cunt? I told you not to cum!" Jim
  drove his knee against Tara's ass and forced her hips to dig into the tables
  edge. He held the back of her neck, forcing her face to the surface of the
  wood.  
 "Please, please, I couldn't help it." Jim forced his knee up against Tara's
  pussy and lifted her slightly off the ground, driving the plug deep in her
  ass.  
 "Please, I'm sorry, I couldn't help it, you've got to believe me!" Tara
  yelped out as Jim again drove his knee up between her legs.  
 "Well you're going to have to learn to obey better than that." Jim tugged
  Tara upright, she was bawling. He tugged the vibrating egg from her pussy,
  then made her scream as he pulled the plug from her ass.  
 "Please, I'll be good, please!" Jim took Tara's arms in the small of her
  back. There was a roll of duct tape on the counter and he wrapped her wrists
  together.  
 "Get on the floor slut!" Jim pushed Tara away from him, she stumbled, and
  fell on her knees on the floor. Her tear filled eyes moved from Jim to me,
  the fear was palpable.  
 "Please, I'm sorry, I'll do whatever you want, I'll try harder, please." Jim
  slapped Tara hard across the face.  
 "Shut the fuck up slut, you've screwed up, and now you need to be punished." Tara's
  body started to visibly tremble as Jim looked around the room.  
 "Help me out Pat." I got to my feet, I didn't know what Jim was thinking,
  but I could see the rage in his eyes.  
 "Take her hands, hold her still." I moved to Tara, I stepped over her so
  her head was trapped between my legs. I grabbed her hands and held them tight,
  holding her up under the elbows. There was little she could do to move, her
  upper body was off the ground, her head was pinned between my thighs, she couldn't
  even look behind her to see what Jim was up to. I could hear her whimpering
  like a child.  
 "Please, please, I'm sorry!" Tara started screaming as Jim laid the first
  blow on her ass, he'd grabbed a long, hard, wooden paddle I used to take pizzas
  out of the oven. The sound was intense, and landed on Tara's skin with a loud
  thwack. It took only a couple blows to send her into a blubbering, babbling
  heap. Her body jerked with each blow, I could feel her shoulders drive forward
  into my legs as the heavy wood smacked her ass.  
 Jim hit Tara's body with a fury, 10, 15, I don't know how many times he
  struck her ass with the paddle. She was sobbing uncontrollably as her ass grew
  red under the onslaught.  
Jim breathing was labored when he finally set down the peeler. I let Tara's
  arms go and she collapsed on the floor, drawing her knees up to her chest she
  writhed on the ground.  
Still panting Jim stood over Tara, pushing her with his foot he got her over
  onto her back and placed his feet astride her so he loomed over her.  
"This isn't a joke, if you behave I'll treat you right, if not, then I'll
  punish you till you learn!" He bent down and grabbed hold of her nipples, Tara
  started screaming as he tugged on her breasts till she was almost lifted off
  the ground.  
"Do you understand slut?"  
"Yes, yes Master, please, please, I'll be good!" Tara collapsed on the floor
  bawling in pain as Jim let go of her breasts.  
"Good." He sat down at the table and finished the little bit of food on his
  plate as if nothing had happened. I stared down at the girl for a few minutes,
  my dick aching in my pants.  
"I hate to ask, but do you think that you'd be able to check in at the shop
  today. Doc's coming in a little later, I'm sure you'd want to be back when
  he gets here, but I want to make everything is running right there."  
"Yeah, no problem, after all, that is my job, isn't it?" Jim chuckled as
  he drank down his juice. He prodded Tara with his foot, she looked up, pain
  filling her eyes.  
"She is one hot little bitch, isn't she?" Jim pushed his foot toward Tara's
  mouth.  
"Suck my toes slut!" Tara opened her mouth and started sucking on his big
  toe, she then ran her tongue over each of the little toes one by one, keeping
  her eyes fixed on Jim's face.  
"Want to fuck her?" Jim looked over at me, my dick was hard again.  
"Yeah." Jim pulled Tara to her feet, taking her under each elbow we carried
  her to the front room and laid her belly down over an ottoman. I took position
  at her head and dropped my pants. I didn't even have to make her open her mouth,
  Tara swallowed my cock in one gulp. She yelped as Jim bellied up to her ass
  and buried his dick in her pussy.  
Jim and I got in a rhythm almost immediately, I took Tara's hair in my hands
  and started face fucking her hard, I loved the feel her throat on my prick,
  I knew she was trying to please us, I could feel her tongue on me, weaving
  it's way over the bottom of my cock. I grabbed her tits and pinched hard. Jim
  had hold of Tara's hips and was pounding into her, I could see the muscles
  of her ass ripple as he slammed forward, ramming into her without mercy.  
We were like a pair of eager lumberjacks at the saw, when one drove into
  Tara's body, the other was pulling back. She was being pinned from either end,
  I loved the sound of flesh on flesh, it was a perfect sound.  
Jim started cumming first. He brutally slammed his dick home in Tara's pussy,
  I could feel her body recoil from the thrusts, it made her nose drive into
  my pelvis. Jim started bellowing as he started to blow, he smacked Tara's ass
  hard with his open hand as he shot his cum sperm deep in her belly.  
I tried to hold off as long as I could, but seeing Jim pump his cum into
  Tara's pussy, and the convulsion of her mouth on my cock, it was hopeless.
  I felt my balls start to tighten, and I shot my load in Tara's warm, inviting
  mouth. I felt her head jerk ever so slightly as my sperm flooded her mouth,
  then she started sucking me like a vacuum.  
"That's it baby." I ran my hand through her hair, Jim was slowly easing his
  cock from Tara's pussy.  
I closed my eyes and savored the feel of Tara's lips squeezing me tight,
  her tongue was weaving under my shaft, trying to drain the last drops from
  my prick.  
Tara collapsed head down over the ottoman as I pulled my dick from her mouth,
  she was panting, exhausted from the effort of trying to please Jim and I.  
Jim fell on the couch.  
"What time is Doc supposed to be here?"  
"I don't know, sometime this afternoon he said." I pulled up my pants, I
  could see Tara eyeing us, wondering what we would do next.  
"I guess I'd better get to the shop, I wouldn't want to miss anything." Jim
  got to his feet, he was still breathing hard from fucking Tara.  
"Yeah, I'm looking forward to seeing him again." Jim started running his
  hands over Tara's back, she groaned, more out of fear than anything I think.  
"I don't know what to do with her today?"  
"We could put her in with Emily and Monique, we could have them suck the
  cum from her pussy, and make them lick each other all day." Jim smiled up at
  me.  
"God I'm so happy you came across these girls!" We helped Tara to her feet,
  her legs were like jell-o.  
"Me too." I squeezed Tara's breast. "Me too."  
When we opened the door Monique's face was between Emily's legs, she was
  lapping away at her friend's pussy, making Emily moan out loud.  
"Hello girls." Monique and Emily's heads spun toward the door. There was
  a look of horror when they saw Tara their. I'm sure they saw her glowing red
  ass, and they looked ashamed that they'd been caught in their lesbian embrace.  
"We've brought your friend to play." Jim and I pushed Tara toward the bed,
  she collapsed in a heap on the mattress with her hands still taped behind her
  back.  
"There's a nice fresh load of cum in her pussy, why don't you suck it out." Three
  pairs of humiliated eyes stared up at me. Emily was sobbing, almost to the
  point of completely losing it.  
"We'll be back later." Jim roared in laughter as he stepped out into the
  hall. Monique tried to plead with me using her eyes, but I just slammed the
  door shut indifferent.  
"Go check on the shop, and then get back here, I'm sure Doc will have something
  interesting in mind." I smacked Jim on the back.  
"Yeah, I can't wait." There was an urgency in Jim's movements as he got dressed
  and headed out the front door. I went into the kitchen and started making up
  some food for the girls. There wasn't much else to do in the meantime.  
After I fed the girls, I sat down and flipped on the TV and stared uninterested
  in what was on, but it passed the time.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks&hellip;.semiater(semiater@yahoo.com
  )  
 Chapter Nine  
 I was startled by the knock on the door. I'd fallen into the TV watching
  daze, oblivious to everything around me so I was shocked with the sudden noise.  
 I felt chills of excitement down my spine as I got to my feet. It had been
  a while since I'd seen Doc, we'd grown up together. We'd known each other since
  we were little kids barely out of diapers, but it had been too long. Unfortunately,
  the older we get, the harder it was to get together.  
Doc, his given name was Martin, but he'd hardly ever gone by it. Even when
  we were growing up he always went by nicknames that changed with the whims
  of youth. Then, in high school, he started to get into biology and medicine
  and going by Doc almost as a joke, but the name stuck, and the fact that he
  actually became a doctor, I guess it all worked out the way it was supposed
  to.  
 I opened the front door and saw Doc standing there, a massive grin on his
  face.  
 "Hey man, how's it going?" I extended my hand and exchanged a hearty shake
  with my old buddy.  
Doc wasn't exactly the most intimidating fellow. He was just under 6' tall,
  but he was willowy thin and it made him look shorter than he was. He had an
  air of youth and looked to be in his early twenties. He could have probably
  passed for a teen, if not for the speckles of grey that flecked his black hair.  
 "So, what's this I hear you've pulled off? I never would have expected it
  from you." Doc clapped his hand on my shoulder, he had a huge black leather
  bag in his other hand, I knew what he had inside would be where all the fun
  would start.  
 "Yeah, yeah," I could feel my face blush and I kind of turned away, somewhat
  embarrassed with what I'd done.  
"I can't really say I'd planned it, but sometimes, well, sometimes circumstances
  arise that you can't pass up." I shut the door behind Doc and led him into
  the front room, my boxes of sex toys were strewn over the floor making quite
  a mess.  
"Hum, looks like you did a little bit of shopping." Doc winked at me.  
"Yeah, well, I have to keep the girls busy after all." I saw his wry, knowing
  glance.  
"So, show me these girls, I saw some of their pictures on the news, it looks
  like you got a nice batch." I led Doc down the hall to the room where I had
  the Monique, Emily and Tara stored away. I could feel the excitement mounting
  in my chest as I turned the handle on the door, I probably don't need to mention
  it, but my dick was aching.  
I loved the vision of the three girls on the bed as I opened the door.  
"Hello slaves!" Emily crossed her arms over her chest immediately, I could
  see her face go pale as she saw Doc standing there, adding to the utter humiliation
  and shame she already felt just being around me and Jim.  
I moved casually into the room and sat on the edge of the bed, I reached
  out and cupped Monique's chin, turning her face toward me.  
"Hello slut." I could feel Monique trying to twist her head away from me,
  but I held tight. I put a finger up between her legs and buried it in her soaking
  pussy.  
"That's it baby," I rammed my finger deep inside her, "how many times have
  you orgasmed?" Monique closed her eyes, her face went crimson with shame.  
"I told them they could cum as many times as they wanted to today." I looked
  over at Doc as he grabbed Emily by the hair. I could hear her squeal as he
  twisted her face to look at him.  
"She's so cute, it's incredible." Tears streaked down Emily's cheek as she
  was forced to look Doc in the eyes.  
"Yeah, that's Emily, she and Monique are my girls. I'm not going to do anything
  to Emily, I want to keep her as that pure little girl, but Monique, I think
  I want you to ring her tits." Doc let go of Emily's hair and took hold of Tara's
  arms, they were still bound behind her back and he lifted her upright.  
"This girl is hot!" Doc pinched Tara's nipple till she let out a cry of pain.  
"That's Jim's girl, she's a feisty one." Doc pinched her nostrils shut till
  Tara had to open her mouth and gasp for breath. He grabbed for her tongue and
  tugged it out between her teeth.  
"Well, we can take care of feisty, I think she needs her nose pierced." Doc
  looked into Tara's throat. "And her tongue too, it'll keep her quiet, like
  all good sluts should be. It'll take some of the fight out of her when she's
  being pulled around the room with a ring in her nose." Doc pushed Tara back
  and she fell on the bed with her arms pinned beneath her.  
"How would you like that slut?" Doc smacked Tara on the pussy, sending a
  loud crack through the room and making her yelp in pain.  
"Then Jim can clamp that big mouth of yours shut and not have to listen to
  any of your crap!" Tara looked up with tears welling in the corner of her eyes.
  She had already become much more pliable since I'd captured her, but she had
  a long way to go, and I could see the fear in her gaze. I loved it.  
I held Monique tight as Doc started running his hands over her breasts, his
  fingers dug hard into her skin. I could feel her body tighten against me as
  he drove the tips of his fingers into her soft mounds.  
"So, you want to put rings in her tits?" Doc pinched hard, making Monique's
  nipples go instantly erect.  
"Yeah, I think she'd look good that way." I held tight to Monique's body.
  I could see the lustful look in Doc's eyes, he was oblivious to the surroundings,
  his gaze was locked on Monique's wet pussy and her swollen labia.  
"She's one hot slut isn't she, already wet?" Doc thrust his fingers between
  Monique's legs. I made her lean back so he had complete access to her pussy
  and she moaned as two long digits slid easily into her cunt.  
"I can't believe how wet she is, you're impressing me, it usually takes me
  a bit longer to get them to slut out like this. Then again, I like making them
  scream a little more than you I'm guessing." Doc looked up at me with his sadistic
  grin, he had his fingers to the knuckle in Monique's pussy.  
"I've got to fuck something soon or I'm going to blow." He was finger fucking
  Monique making her body quiver in my grasp.  
"Who do you want? There are two more in the basement too." I grabbed Monique's
  breasts and cupped them in my hand, rolling her nipples between my fingers.  
"I don't know if you want me to fuck this one." Doc rammed his fingers faster
  and faster into Monique's pussy till she was groaning loud, I could feel her
  torso shaking in my grasp.  
"But she's so fucking hot I'd love to take her." I let go of Monique, I heard
  her tone change and she started to whimper. She looked at me, I could see the
  confusion and shame in her eyes. I pushed her away from me, toward Doc.  
"No man, take her, take any of them." Emily's eyes went wide with shock.
  I didn't really want anybody else to fuck Emily, but for Doc, I would allow
  it.  
"I set up the other guest bedroom for you if you want to take her there." Doc
  dropped his pants, his dick was huge, and already pulsing hard.  
"No problem, I'm ready now." Doc kicked his pants off and grabbed Monique
  by the hair.  
"Get on your knees cunt!" He jerked her off the bed and Monique fell with
  a thud onto the floor. She barely had time to get off the ground before Doc
  propped her up on her hands and knees.  
"I like them on all fours, it's the way all girls should be, crawling like
  the dogs they are!" Doc was stroking his huge cock, he was a good 10" if not
  more. With the slightness of his build, one would have never guessed, but he
  was hung like a horse.  
Doc smacked Monique on the ass.  
"Spread those legs bitch!" Monique was sobbing as he pushed her knees wider
  with his foot. Her beautiful hair dangled from her head as she turned back,
  the tears streaking down her cheeks as Doc spread her labia with his fingers.  
"Get your elbows on the floor slut, raise that ass in the air!" He smacked
  her hard across the bottom.  
I grabbed for Emily. The terror was visible in her eyes.  
"Get down there and lick his balls, if any cum drips out of Monique's pussy
  I want you to catch it on your tongue." Emily's body tensed as I held tight
  to her arm and pushed her to the floor. She was crying like a little child
  as I got her to her knees. I slapped her across the face when she tried to
  fight me.  
"Get down there and lick his balls!" Doc had his dick lined up with Monique's
  opening, her pussy was wet and the juices shone in the light. He eased the
  head of his cock just inside her sex so her pink flesh barely held him.  
"Oh my God this slut is incredible." Doc inched his prick in Monique's pussy,
  slowly filling her with his massive cock.  
Doc's body jerked forward suddenly, slamming to the hilt in Monique's
    body as Emily tenuously ran her tongue over his balls. 
"Holy Shit!!!" I pinched Emily's clit till she squealed. She was bawling loud
as she reluctantly sucked on Doc's testicles. He grabbed for Monique's hips and
started moving in and out of her, pumping rhythmically, forcing the whole length
of his shaft deep in her belly.   
"Oh my God she's incredible." I lightly smacked Emily's pussy as Doc started
  to fuck Monique faster and faster. Emily had her tongue up between Doc's legs,
  licking him only because I was there, forcing her to.  
Doc started working Monique hard, driving her upper body down into the carpet
  till her tits were scraping against the rough surface.  
"That's it baby, how does a big dick feel in that tight pussy of yours?" Monique
  was groaning, I know she'd never had anybody as large as Doc in her. He was
  slamming his hips forward, making her grunt in discomfort with each thrust.
  Tara looked at me with horror filled eyes, she was lying on her side, arms
  still pinned behind her back.  
Doc bellowed out, he rammed home in Monique's pussy making her elbows collapse
  with the force of his fucking, he drove her face and tits into the carpet.
  He smacked her hard on the hip, almost like he was driving on a horse. He slammed
  his body forward, making Monique cry out as his huge dick sunk to the hilt
  in her body and he started pumping his load deep inside her, filling her with
  his sperm.  
After a few minutes of gently rocking his cock in and out, Doc pulled his
  slimy dick from Monique's tight pussy, the combination of sperm and cunt juices
  dribbled off his cock onto Emily's face. She tried to turn her head away but
  I smacked her hard on her clit making her yelp as the liquids dribble down
  on her skin.  
With her mouth accessible Doc forced the head of his prick into Emily's throat,
  driving his hips down so she had to take him in. She gagged as he pushed the
  head of his cock to the back of her gullet, and in spite of the massive intrusion,
  her cries grew ever louder, and more pitiful.  
"Aaaahhhhhh." Doc held his dick in his hands as he made Emily suck him clean.
  I could see his body jerk as her soft, wonderful, lips held him tight.  
"Oh my God!"  
Doc slowly pulled his prick from Emily's mouth and gently got to his feet.
  Monique was sobbing, her face still buried in the carpet, her ass propped high
  in the air, her pussy still twitching from the violation.  
"Holy shit these girls are incredible!" Doc sat down on the bed and cupped
  Tara's face in his hand.  
"I bet you can't wait till we get to work." She tried to pull her head away
  from his grasp, but Doc held her tight.  
"I want to do her tongue so bad, but I suppose we should wait till Jim gets
  back before we do." He looked up at me and smiled, I had my finger in Emily's
  cunt and fucked her with it, she slowly, almost involuntarily responded to
  the penetration.  
"Yeah, I think he'd like to see." Emily's big, weepy eyes looked up at me.  
"Want to go look at the other girls first, Jim should be back soon and we
  could get started then, besides, I want you to see Jayme, I think you're going
  to want to take her home with you?"  
"What, big tits?" There was a childlike look in Doc's eyes, we all had our
  fetishes, and his were big breasts, whether they were natural or not. He made
  a good living making women's tits grow for his profession, and he'd also done
  some experiments on his own, somewhat less orthodox. I'd seen him fill girl's
  breasts with saline using a syringe till I thought they'd pop. I have to say
  it turned me on a little, but it was a bit much for me.  
"Yeah, you'll like her."  
Doc looked into Tara's eyes.  
"I'm afraid I'm going to have to leave you my dear, but don't worry, I'll
  be back." He grabbed for her tongue, Tara tried to stop him but he just pinched
  her nose shut till she had to open her mouth.  
"I'm going to ring this tongue of yours, then put one in your nose too, and
  then we'll be able to drag you around like a little piggy. Doesn't that sound
  fun?" Tara started to cry, it was different than when she had before, there
  was a desperation that seemed to fill her now.  
"It won't be long baby." Doc got to his feet, he pulled up his boxers, then
  his pants, though the bulge of his cock was still clearly visible.  
I helped Monique to her feet, she and Emily hugged each other as I sat them
  down on the bed, they pressed their bodies close for solace, I loved the way
  their young tits were crushed together. I was going to have so much fun with
  them, I couldn't hardly wait.  
Doc was already waiting for me at the door, I winked good bye to my girls,
  then slammed the door shut, this time I locked it, just in case the girls had
  any ideas, not that they could get anywhere with the chains attached.  
Jim crashed through the front door just as Doc and I walked past heading
  toward the basement.  
"Hey Doc, good to see you!" Jim extended his large hand and gave Doc a hearty
  shake, it was the first time we'd all been together in years.  
"Good to see you man!" Jim and Doc had never been as close as Doc and I,
  but they were still old friends and were glad to see one another, especially
  given the circumstances.  
"Did you think he had it in him?" Doc clapped Jim on the shoulder and cast
  his wry glance toward me.  
"Not a chance in hell man, but I'm glad to be wrong, did you see my girl
  yet?"  
"Yeah, yeah, Tara isn't it, she's a hot slut. I was thinking about putting
  a ring in her nose and her tongue. I'd heard she is a bit feisty and I thought
  then you could pull her along by the tongue and shut her up good!"  
"Holy shit that's a great idea, I never thought of it." There was wonderment
  in Jim's eyes. "I can't wait." The childlike excitement shone in Jim's eyes.
  I could see his hands twitching in anticipation.  
"Yeah, great idea man!"  
 'We were going to go take a look at the girls downstairs. I think Doc's
  going to want to take Jayme home." I didn't want to take away from Jim's lust,
  but I was looking forward to seeing how Doc liked Jayme, she was definitely
  his kind of girl.  
 "Well don't let me stop you, I want to see what you're going to do to them
  too!" Jim pushed past Doc.  
 "Come on, follow me!" Jim raced down the stairs and Doc and I weren't far
  behind. I think all of us felt like kids again, doing things we never could
  have imagined, ever.  
 When we got downstairs and flipped on the lights I saw that Jim had left
  Lisa and Jayme locked in the kennel, they were huddled together beneath the
  big blanket. They didn't make a sound as we walked toward the cage door, but
  their eyes followed us.  
 "Hello girls, how's it going today?" I could see Lisa's cheek twitch ever
  so slightly.  
 "Let me introduce my buddy, he goes by Doc, but like me, or Jim, you'll
  just know him as Master." I heard the slightest little whimper from Jayme.  
 "Why don't you put down that blanket and give old Doc a look, especially
  you Jayme, he's got a thing for tits, and I know he's going to like yours!" The
  frightened pair let go of the blanket and it fell in a heap on the ground.
  Jayme had her hands crossed over her breasts and tried to cover her pussy.  
 "I can't see much." Doc started playing into the game.  
 "Girls, cut the crap, stand up and show those cute young bodies of yours
  to Doc! You should be proud of your bodies, you're such hot little bitches."  
 Jayme and Lisa got to their feet. They both tried to cross their hands over
  their fronts to cover as much as they could.  
Doc stepped forward toward Jayme, she took the slightest step backwards as
  her face went pale.  
Jayme let out a screech as Doc reached out and grabbed for her nipples. She
  started screaming as he twisted them hard.  
"Get on your knees slut!" Jayme continued wailing and collapsed to her knees
  with a thud.  
"Pleeeeeasssseee..." Doc kept the pressure on Jayme's nipples.  
"You," Doc glared at Lisa, "get on your back, show me that pussy of yours!" Lisa
  started shaking.  
"Now!" The tears started streaking down Lisa's cheeks and she fell on her
  back on the cold cement floor.  
"Get those legs in the air and let me see that pink!" Lisa was sobbing hard,
  she put her legs in the air and held them wide.  
"Spread those pussy lips!" Lisa's hands were trembling as she grabbed her
  labia and spread her sensitive flesh. Her eyes were wide and staring up at
  the looming figure above her.  
Doc turned his attention back to Jayme, he tugged on her nipples, stretching
  her breasts.  
"I like your tits slut. I'm going to have a lot of fun playing with them." Jayme
  was crying.  
"Please&hellip;" Doc let go of Jayme's nipples and slapped her hard across
  the face.  
"Shut up!" Jayme sniffled as she rubbed her breasts.  
 "Get those hands to your side!" Doc grabbed for Jayme's tits and squeezed
  them hard.  
 "I could make these even bigger slut." Jayme was sobbing.  
 "Pll&hellip;eeee&hellip;aaassseee." Doc pushed his fingers hard in Jayme's
  huge breasts, then let go, he turned to me.  
 "Got any rope? I want to make this slut scream." Lisa was moaning and let
  her feet fall to the floor.  
 "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Doc glared at the girl, her legs
  were trembling with exhaustion. She started crying louder as she forced her
  tired legs back up in the air as I handed Doc some rope.  
 "Get over here slut." Doc grabbed violently for Jayme's wrists and pulled
  them up over her head, looping the rope around her wrists he pulled it tight
  as he held her hands up in the air and looked deep into her tear filled eyes.  
 "I'm going to make you scream." Jayme's tits jiggled as she cried.  
 "Get up!" Doc jerked Jayme to her feet, he tossed the rope up over an exposed
  beam in the ceiling.  
 "Look at those tits, even with her hands above her head they're big." Jayme's
  breasts flattened as Doc tugged on the rope, pulling her up on her tip toes.  
 "Pllleeeeeeaaaassseeee." Doc tied off the rope, leaving Jayme dangling from
  her wrists, her big toes barely in contact with the cement. He started digging
  through his bag.  
 "Just what I wanted." Doc pulled out a leather flogger, it wasn't huge,
  but it wasn't a small one either.  
 "How does that look." Doc waved it through the air, running it over Jayme's
  skin, making her twist from the rope holding her hands above her head.  
 Jayme's eyes were wide as saucers as Doc flailed the leather strands through
  the air in front of her face.  
 "Are you going to scream for me?"  
Doc brought the heavy leather down on Jayme's tits, the flogger straps landed
  with a loud crack as the strands dug into her bulbous, sensitive flesh.  
 "That's it baby!" Jayme twisted from the rope as Doc expertly brought the
  flogger down on her breasts again and again, her screams ripped through the
  cavernous basement.  
 "Move for me slut!" Doc bellowed at Jayme, he moved up and down her body
  with the flogger, over her breasts, her belly, and when she twisted away from
  him he brought the leather strands down on her ass with a resounding thud.  
 Jayme started screaming even louder as Doc started on her pussy, bringing
  the flogger up between her legs, landing the myriad of straps flat on her clit
  and labia.  
 Jayme was panting out of breath as Doc ran his hands over her skin, she
  groaned in pain as he touched the red marks where he'd landed the leather.  
 "How do you like that baby!"  
 "Plleeeaassseeee&hellip;stop&hellip;pleasseeee!" Doc cupped Jayme's breasts
  and squeezed with his hands till his fingers dug into her monster mounds.  
 "I can't wait to get you home!" Doc took his hands off Jayme's tits and
  looked toward Lisa.  
 "Get up slave!" Lisa was whimpering, her legs look like they'd give out
  at any second.  
 "Get up!" Lisa got gingerly to her feet, her legs twitched as she got her
  weight under her, it looked like she'd collapse. She slumped her shoulders
  forward and she was shaking like a leaf.  
 "You've got nice tits too." Doc grabbed for Lisa's breast and grabbed a
  nipple, he pulled her toward him, her body started quaking as he clamped his
  mouth on hers.  
 After he mauled her mouth Doc pushed Lisa down on the bed, his lustful gaze
  locked on Jayme's quivering tits.  
 "These girls are incredible, I can't believe what you did man, this is fucking
  amazing." Doc ran his hand over Jayme's belly, her muscles convulsed under
  his touch.  
 "I owe you big time." Doc stared into Jayme's eyes, she was sobbing, the
  tears streaking down her cheeks.  
 "We're going to have a lot of fun baby!" Doc took both her tits in his hands
  and started molding them in his grasp.  
 We spent the next couple of hours playing with Jayme and Lisa. Doc couldn't
  keep his hands off Jayme's breasts, at one point he decided to loop her nipples
  with small rubber bands while making Lisa lick her pussy. I've got to say I
  loved watching him work my dick was aching so much I finally had to leave them,
  I wanted my girls so bad.  
I don't know how long Doc and Jim stayed to play, but I'm sure Jayme and
  Lisa thought it was too long either way.  
 When I woke up the next morning Monique and Emily were to either side of
  me with their beautiful locks cascading over my chest. They were almost close
  enough to kiss one another. I ran my hands through their hair, almost as if
  I was petting them. I loved the feel of their warm, young, bodies next to mine.  
 Emily jerked awake first and there was an instant of confusion on her face,
  she looked around stunned, then popped up on her knees in a panic.  
 "Good Morning Master." She could barely stutter out the words, I could see
  the abject terror in her eyes.  
Monique must have felt the movement and woken up, her eyes fluttered and
  she tossed her hair to the side instinctively. For an instant she just lay
  there, her face pressed against my skin. When she realized where she was, she
  suddenly shot to her knees breathing heavily.  
 "Good Morning Master." I couldn't believe how lucky I was to have two gorgeous
  young slaves there to do with whatever I pleased. Monique's eyes darted around,
  trying to sense whether I was unhappy or not?  
 "Do you want this slut to suck your cock Master?" Monique started running
  her tongue on my thigh, like an affectionate cat, her eyes looking up at me,
  her long hair gently caressing my skin as she waited for my response.  
Monique subtly nodded her head toward Emily, almost acting as the protective
  older sister, and Emily dejectedly bent down and started running her tongue
  over my skin, though she was much more reluctant, and obviously humiliated.  
 "No slut, get your friend's pussy ready for me." I ran my hand through Emily's
  hair, her tongue lapped over my thigh as I pulled on her scalp hard.  
 "Yes Master." Monique slid over my legs, rubbing her breasts against my
  thighs as she moved behind Emily.  
 "Get my cock ready to fuck your pussy slave, since that's all your good
  for." Emily let out a little whine as Monique forced open her knees and spread
  her legs. I could see Emily's eyes go wide as Monique started sucking on her
  clit.  
 I gently pulled Emily's lips toward my cock, I was already getting harder
  by the second watching her humiliation grow, but as soon as she closed her
  mouth on my dick I had to let out a groan of pleasure, and barely kept myself
  from cumming in her mouth right there.  
 A mixed array of sounds escaped from Emily's body. I could hear the slurping
  of her mouth on my cock, I could hear her whimpering in shame, but I could
  also make out the groans of pleasure that involuntarily came from her body
  as Monique lapped her tongue over Emily's pussy and clit masterfully.  
 I couldn't take it and pulled Emily's head off my cock and pushed her violently
  over onto her back making her squeal.  
 "Spread those legs for me cunt!" I loved the fear in her eyes as I climbed
  over her, I could just barely see the quiver of her lip as I dropped my weight
  on top of her and made her gasp.  
 "Open that pussy for daddy!" I didn't bother with any kind of foreplay,
  I rammed home, making her cry out as my dick sank deep in her tight sex. I
  collapsed atop her, crushing her beneath me, taking the top of her head in
  the crook of my arm she could hardly see over my bicep. I started sliding my
  body over hers, fucking her hard.  
 "Wrap those legs around me bitch!" Emily was whining as I started pounding
  into her. I was driving my hips hard against her pelvis and making her grunt
  with the penetration. She brought her legs up and tried to lock them around
  my back but I was bucking too hard and her legs just kind of flailed, kicking
  indiscriminately as I drove deep into her belly over and over.  
 "Ah!" I ground my hips into Emily's young, lithe body. I had her crushed
  under my weight, brutally driving my dick to the hilt in her pussy.  
 "That's it you little cock whore, this is what you're good for!" Monique
  caressed my balls in her soft hands as I pumped into Emily's pussy.  
 "Tell me what a little slut you are!" I grabbed for Emily's hair and arched
  her head back so she had to look up at me. Her eyes were filled with tears
  as I pummeled her body.  
 "I'm going to cum in your pussy slut. You're just my sperm receptacle you
  cunt!" Emily yelped in pain as I rocked into her body, forcing her ass down
  into the mattress, filling her tight slit with my cock.  
 Emily's hips and ass bounced up off the bed as I violently pistoned into
  her sex, she screeched as I tugged hard on her hair.  
 "That's it cunt! Monique was rubbing my balls as I started to shoot my load
  into Emily's pussy. Emily was whining loud as my cum started filling her like
  a water jet, she turned me on so much!  
 "Ahhhh, that's it you slut!" I rammed home, making sure every drop of sperm
  drained into Emily's snatch.  
 "You're just a hole for my cock!" I collapsed breathless on the sobbing
  girl. I had her arms pinned to her side and her legs were straight up in the
  air, jutting from under my hips.  
 I lay panting, exhausted, on Emily for a good five minutes. Monique was
  between my legs, licking my balls and Emily's pussy in turn.  
 "Holy shit you're one hot little cunt." Emily was bawling, her face was
  pressed against my underarm and she was sniffling, crying hard.  
 I eased myself off Emily's body, sliding my dick from her pussy carefully,
  I was so sensitive it hurt.  
 "That's what you're good for slut." I slapped Emily's tit and made her squeal.  
 "You'd better get used to it, I love fucking that pussy." I got up off the
  bed and stood just over the edge, Monique watched me intently, her lips were
  slick with cum and pussy juices.  
 "Leave that slut there and come clean me." Monique scurried off the bed,
  she got on her hands and knees and crawled behind me into the bathroom as Emily
  continued to lay sobbing on the bed.  
 After Monique cleaned me in the shower I went into the kitchen. Jim was
  already there and we started making meals for the girls. We dumped Monique,
  Emily and Tara in the back room after we fed them and then Jim and I collapsed
  on the couch watching TV in the living room, waiting for Doc.  
 It was the first time we'd dragged all the girls out of the room together
  at one time. I knew they could sense something was happening. Jim held tight
  to Tara and led her out first among the pack with her arms were tied behind
  her back. Doc held onto Monique, ramming his thumb in her pussy he made her
  of waddle into the kitchen. I was almost gentle with the way I held Emily,
  she was my sweet little slut, and I could feel her fear as I held her wrists
  in the small of her back.  
 When we got into the kitchen Doc and I let go of Monique and Emily, we pushed
  them off to the side.  
 "Get on your knees slaves, put your hands behind your head!" For a second
  their eyes wandered, trying to sense what was happening, then they quickly
  scurried to the floor and got into position. I loved the way Emily still tried
  to move her body as if she could cover herself, but it didn't matter, I could
  still see her smoothly shaved pussy and the delicate folds of her sex no matter
  what she tried to do to cover up.  
 Jim forced Tara to belly up against the decorative wood rail that cut through
  the one small section of kitchen. He forced her hips forward so her pelvis
  was pushed hard against the carved cherry. Not being gentle at all Jim grabbed
  for Tara's ankle and pulled it wide, almost making her collapse to the ground.
  He tied off rope on either leg and spread her wide so she had to lean forward
  against the rail to keep upright. A loud crack rang through the room as Jim
  slapped Tara hard across the ass, making her cry out with pain.  
 "Let's see how you like this slut!" Jim knelt down between Tara's splayed
  legs, she tried to twist her head back and see what was happening. I could
  hear her whining, her body jerked as Jim started rubbing the liquid onto her
  clit and over the folds of her pussy. At first she didn't react, but as the
  chili oil started seeping into her pores Tara started crying louder and louder
  till she broke out into screams. Her hips were gyrating and bucking hard against
  the rail.  
 "Take it off, it burns, please!" Jim stood up casually and leaned over her
  back.  
 "How about those titties, I think they need some too." 
"Noooo, stop, please!" Jim rubbed a small bit of the oil into Tara's nipples.
She twisted her torso side to side as the burning and itching started in her
tits too.   
Jim didn't bother with pleasantries, he needed his dick hard and got in front
  of Monique, grabbed for the back her head and forced his dick in her mouth.
  Tara screamed in the background, her pained cries ringing through the room
  as Jim slid his cock to the back of Monique's throat making her gag.  
Doc didn't hesitate to sate his need either, he forced his huge cock in between
  Emily's soft lips.  
 I stood back and watched as Tara drove her hips against the rail, trying
  for some relief from the terrible itching and burning on her pussy and tits.
  It was quite a beautiful show, but the way her breasts dangled and swayed,
  I thought they needed something else to adorn them, so I walked into the front
  room and grabbed a pair of nipple clamps with weights from my boxes of toys.  
I could see the pain and humiliation in Tara's eyes as I bent down in front
  of her and pinched her nipples.  
"I think you're going to like this baby." I locked the clips down on her
  tits, she started yelling, and begging with more urgency as I added more and
  more weights to her already strained breasts.  
 "Please, please stop. Please, you can't&hellip;AAAAHHHHHHH!" I added the
  last of the weights and Tara's tits were stretched at least an inch or two
  beyond normal, and I know with the burning and itching of the oil seeping into
  her skin, it had to hurt, bad.  
"Doc, you ready? You're up first!" Jim liked to play the master of ceremonies.
  I heard the loud slurping sound as Doc pulled his cock from Emily's sweet mouth.
  He bellied up behind Tara and spread her ass cheeks with his fingers.  
"Ready for my cock slut!" He didn't wait for Tara's response, she was crying
  out in pain from the oil on her clit and the weights tugging on her breasts,
  oblivious to the head of the cock pressing against her sphincter. Not till
  Doc grasped her hips and started pumping in and out of her ass did she seem
  to notice.  
"God no, please!" Tara wailed out in intense pain as Doc started rutting
  her, slamming his prick in her body, sending the heavy weights swinging from
  her tits. I had my cock sealed in Emily's mouth, my groin was pressed into
  her nose and I didn't know if she could breathe, though she was probably happy
  to be unable to see her friend being taken as she was. Even if she couldn't
  see, Emily could easily hear the brutal fucking Tara was getting, and her screams.
  I think the pain Emily could hear in Tara's cries encouraged her to suck hard
  on my cock.  
Jim held Monique's wrists in his hands and eased her mouth over the length
  of his shaft, but he was much more fixated on the scene, watching his girl
  being slammed hard against the rail as Doc's huge dick filled her over and
  over.  
Doc was working hard, driving his hips into Tara's belly like a machine,
  he pinched her aching breasts between his fingers as he bucked forward. Tara
  let out a continual wail of pain as her body was used hard. Doc smacked Tara
  on the ass as he pumped into her body, adding to her discomfort.  
"That's it slut, work those hips, I'm about to cum inside you!" Doc bellowed
  at Tara.  
With the burning and itching on her clit Tara rocked her hips side to side
  trying to ease the pain, but all it did was drive Doc on. His rhythmic, smooth,
  fucking motion stopped and he started slamming deep into Tara's ass, driving
  to the hilt and leaving his dick buried for an instant, then pulling out and
  pumping like a jackhammer again.  
Tara groaned in utter humiliation as Doc buried his cock deep in her body
  and shot her full with his cum, he had his hands on the weights and was tugging
  hard on her tits, making her strained nipples stretch even more.  
"That's it slut!" He grabbed her hair and arched her head back so she was
  looking up at him, Doc clamped his mouth down on hers as he drained the last
  drops of sperm from his dick.  
"You're up Pat!" Tara's hips were still moving side to side as Doc pulled
  his prick from her ass. As soon as I took my dick out of Emily's mouth Doc
  was there, taking my place and making my girl lick him clean.  
My cock slid easily into Tara's nether hole after Doc's huge prick had opened
  her up. Her pussy was wet, and the way she moved her hips trying to relieve
  the burning it felt like heaven to me. I grabbed for Tara's shoulders and started
  pumping into her ass without mercy. Her cries had faded from piercing screams,
  to desperate whimpers and wails. Her vaginal muscles were throbbing and I could
  feel it on my dick, even though I was reaming her butt.  
I took a more gentle approach than Doc and savored the feel of Tara's tight
  ass holding me. I could hear the swinging weights stretching her tits as I
  fucked her, though I didn't try and antagonize her breasts like Doc had, I
  just liked the feel of my dick sinking into her ass, her body gripping me tight.  
My prick started aching, bulging, ready to cum. Doc was kneeling on the floor
  in front of Tara. I don't know if she saw him pulling things out of his bag
  or if she was locked in on the pain in her clit and tits, but I knew what was
  coming.  
I could feel my balls start to contract, I pulled Tara up by the shoulders,
  arching her back to meet me as I shot my load in her ass. I put one hand under
  Tara's body and started rubbing her aching clit. In spite of all the pain she
  felt, she started screaming in orgasm. Her pussy started convulsing, and I
  rammed home hard, spurting all I could deep in her rectum, loving the way her
  body seemed to suck me dry in her tight cavity.  
When I finally pulled my prick free from her body Tara was panting like a
  bitch in heat, her chest was bent over the rail with tears streaking down her
  cheeks. Her hips were still gyrating, the chili oil still obviously burning
  and itching on her pussy making her wild.  
"Please&hellip;" Tara cried out as Jim got behind her and grabbed for her
  hips. His cock slipped easily into her ass and he started slowly pumping away.  
"Now comes the fun." Doc moved a little stool right in front of Tara's face.  
"Noooo, noooo! Please, nooo!!!!"  
"Grab her hair, keep her head up, and still!" Jim took hold of a clump of
  Tara's hair and forced her head up so she was looking straight into Doc's eyes.
  There was no way she couldn't see the little stainless steel tool he held in
  his hand. Jim was fucking her hard, pumping his dick deep in her belly, but
  Tara seemed not to notice as her eyes were fixed on Doc.  
"No! Please, you can't, please!" Jim tugged hard on her hair making Tara
  scream, it was a loud, pained scream that I could see made Monique tremble.
  I had my dick in Emily's mouth. I'd turned her head so she could see her friend's
  plight, and still suck on my ever hardening member.  
"Let's get started!" Tara was wailing, the tears ran down her face in streams
  as her neck was arched painfully up. Doc forced his gloved fingers in Tara's
  nose and held her in place.  
"No, you can't, stop, please, don't do this!" The sound of Jim's hips pounding
  into Tara's body rang through the room. Jim held her head still by a large
  clump of hair as Doc inserted the tool in her nostrils.  
It all seemed to happen so fast, Tara screamed as the sharp metal point pierced
  her septum. Jim was bucking into her ass, the heavy weights on Tara's nipples
  swung in large arcs as Doc worked quick, forcing the large silver ring through
  the new hole in her nose. Tara never stopped screaming through the process.  
"Oh god, stop, please!" I could see the glint of the ring in her nose, Doc
  held gauze tight to her skin to stop the bleeding. Jim started bellowing, grabbing
  hold of Tara's aching tits as he started shooting his cum in her belly!  
"That's it you little cunt!" Jim smacked Tara's ass hard as he slammed his
  prick in her ass, spewing the last of his sperm inside her.  
Jim jerked forward, driving his dick all the way in Tara's body, brutally
  slamming her forward, forcing her hips painfully into the wood of the rail.  
"How did you like that slut?" Jim turned Tara's head to the side, Doc held
  the gauze tight to her nose, but even so, the ring was clearly visible.  
"That's perfect!" Jim rammed home, leaving his dick impaled deep in Tara.  
"Doc, that's perfect!" Jim pulled hard on Tara's hair making her yelp, then
  he let go.  
"Let's do her tongue now!" Tara started whimpering, her head went limp and
  hung over the edge of the rail, her nipples were distended by the heavy weights.  
I eased my hard cock out of Emily's mouth and dick slapped her cheek, I loved
  the sound, and the shock in her eyes as the head of my prick hit her. My cock
  was tingling as I saw the ring through Tara's septum, the ring was large and
  glimmered in the light. It was lovely. I reached under Tara's body and unclipped
  the clamps from her breasts, at first she didn't react, then she started wailing
  as the blood flowed back into her aching tits.  
Doc had done the piercing masterfully, and the bleeding had stopped almost
  immediately. I gently grabbed for the ring and flipped it, Tara's expression
  was worth it all, I loved the way she looked up at me with her wide, dejected
  eyes. Jim pulled his cock out of her ass and moved around to see Doc's handiwork.  
"Oh my god that's incredible!" The tears ran down Tara's face as the three
  of us stared at the beautiful new piercing in her nose.  
"Shall we do her tongue?" Doc had already put on another pair of gloves and
  pulled out the forceps he'd use to hold Tara's tongue as he pierced it.  
"I'm ready for surgery!" Doc laughed and held the tools up. Jim grabbed Tara's
  head, crushing her temples with his hands to hold her still. She was moaning
  in pain in between the torrent of sobs.  
"Stick out your tongue slut!" Tara didn't even try to fight, she stuck her
  pretty pink tongue out between her teeth and Doc pinched it tight between his
  fingers.  
"It's going to take you a little while to get used to this." He clamped the
  forceps down on the end of her tongue and found the spot where he was going
  to pierce. Tara started screaming as he squeezed the stainless steel down hard.
  Jim held her head firm as she tried to fight.  
"Plllluuuuuessshhh!" With her tongue held Tara couldn't get out anything
  decipherable, though we knew exactly what she was trying to do, to beg us to
  stop. She started screaming and fighting even harder as Doc held up the long,
  gleaming, steel needle before her eyes.  
Jim fell on top of Tara and crushed her hips against the rail holding her
  firm. He had his hands pinned to the sides of her head holding her still as
  Tara piteously cried out, her face bright red.  
In my hand I held the large ring that would be inserted into Tara's tongue.
  Doc pushed the sharp point of the needle against the underside of Tara's tongue
  making her scream even louder. Doc had a large piece of cork on the top of
  the forceps to catch the point of the needle.  
It was sudden and violent, Tara's whole body jerked as the needle dug through
  her flesh. For a second I thought she'd pass out the way she screamed, but
  she managed to stay conscious. I caught the horrified look in Emily's eyes
  as the needle plunged through Tara's flesh. My dick jumped and I thought I'd
  lose it as Doc grabbed the ring from my hand and worked it through the newly
  created hole. It took only a second, but I'm sure for Tara it must have seemed
  to last forever.  
"Done!" Doc sprayed Tara's tongue with something quickly, then held gauze
  to her mouth to quell the bleeding.  
"Perfect!" Tara was crying as Jim finally let go of her head. I could see
  both Emily and Monique trembling as they stayed on their knees, eyes huge and
  locked on me.  
The ring was at the front edge of Tara's tongue, it was silver and thick.  
"It's going to take her a while to get used to eating with this." Doc took
  hold of the ring and tugged it softly.  
"And you're not going to have to worry about her talking a whole lot." Jim
  smacked Tara on the ass making her sob even louder.  
I couldn't take it anymore, I grabbed Emily by the shoulders and pushed her
  flat on her belly. I propped her up on her knees ever so slightly and slammed
  my hard dick home in her pussy. Watching Tara get pierced, it had turned me
  on so much I couldn't help it.  
Emily grunted as I buried my prick to the hilt in her snatch. I grabbed for
  her arms and pinned them to the ground at her sides and I started riding her
  like an animal!  
Doc couldn't hold back either and he threw Monique down on her back, he had
  his hands around her neck gently squeezing her as he fucked her hard. He slid
  his big dick deep in her belly and made her grunt with each thrust, but she
  still managed to wrap her legs around Doc's back and locked her ankles together
  over his ass.  
I loved the feel of Emily's body underneath me as I rode her, pumping into
  her pussy as deep as I could and feeling her arms squirm under my tight grasp.
  I loved the way her ass twitched and her muscles trembled as I rubbed my skin
  against hers. I put my mouth to her ear and started to whisper.  
"You're my little whore, my cum slut." I could feel her vaginal muscles gripping
  me tight as I pummeled her pussy.  
"That's it you cunt, make me shoot in your snatch, that's what you're good
  for!" Emily groaned in abject humiliation as I fucked her hard. I could hear
  Monique yelping out in pain each time Doc's huge dick slammed to the depths
  in her tight sheath. Jim was playing with Tara's new rings, making her cry
  out in pain as he tugged on her new jewelry.  
"I'm going to cum you little cunt. Squeeze my cock!" I brutally rammed home
  in Emily's pussy, I could hear her sobbing as I pinned her arms to the floor
  and started blowing in her sex. I could feel the sperm shooting out of my prick,
  filling her tight young pussy with sticky cum!  
Doc spent his load in Monique at almost the same time, I heard him yell out
  in pleasure as he was slapping her tits. His cock spurted and blew in her pussy.
  We both collapsed on our fuck toys at the same time, he on Monique's stomach,
  me on Emily's back.  
Doc and I lay exhausted and spent on our girls for a few minutes. Slowly
  I climbed off Emily's body, my dick was so sensitive I had to be careful.  
"Holy shit that was incredible." Doc slid his large prick out of Monique's
  cunt, I could see her pussy throbbing from the ravaging she'd taken.  
"Watching those piercings did it for me." Doc leaned over Monique and grabbed
  her nipples.  
"I think it's time for a few more." Both Doc and Monique looked over at me,
  but both for different reasons. I could see the fear in Monique's eyes, but
  all I could do was stare back in lust.  
"Yeah, I think it's time!" Emily was sobbing face down on the floor. I grabbed
  her by the shoulders and lifted her to her knees. Monique was still looking
  at me, hoping I'd stop Doc from piercing her.  
"Please Master, no." She tried to beg as I pushed Emily toward her.  
"Get that pussy on her face!" I had Emily straddle Monique's head and pin
  her friend's wrists underneath her knees.  
"Please&hellip;" I pushed Emily's hips down onto Monique's head so her nose
  was buried in the folds of her friend's sex, my cum dribbled out of Emily's
  opening into Monique's mouth.  
"I want you to hold her wrists down while Doc pierces her nipples. If you're
  a bad girl&hellip;" I grabbed Emily by the hair and turned her eyes toward
  me, "then I'm going to have him do your clit right now, understand?" Emily
  sniffled and nodded her head up and down vigorously.  
"Good girl." I tapped her on the head like a pet. Doc was already pulling
  more tools from his bag, he was straddling Monique's stomach, his dick flopped
  on her belly dribbling out the last few drops of cum from his last orgasm.  
Jim left Tara bent over the rail, she was still crying hard, her tongue dangled
  from her open mouth and the ring in her nose sparkled in the light. He stood
  over Monique, watching as Doc made little dots at the base of her nipples,
  marking out where he was going to pierce.  
I stood behind Emily pushing her shoulders down so she sat on Monique's face
  with her pussy. I grabbed for her tits and started playing with them as Doc
  pulled out the glimmering needle.  
"Hold still slut!" I could hear Monique start to whine like a hurt animal
  as Doc lined the sharp point of the needle at the base of her nipple. Emily's
  body trembled as she watched in horror at the scene.  
Monique let out an excruciating scream as Doc forced the needle into the
  skin of her breast. Her legs kicked high in the air as the head of the long
  steel rod popped out the other side of her nipple a second later.  
Doc worked quick and got the ring into Monique's breast faster than I thought
  possible. Monique was wailing, desperately crying out and I had to hold Emily
  down to keep her knees pressed on Monique's wrists. Doc was sitting astride
  her stomach making sure she couldn't move. Monique's begging and pleading were
  muffled by Emily's pussy as my cum continued to seep into her open mouth.  
"One more to go." Doc lined up the needle with the marks in Monique's other
  breast. She was weeping like a child as the sharp point touched her skin. Doc
  grabbed for the tip of her nipple, pulled it taut and then forced the head
  of the needle through the skin. It happened quickly, I saw the sharp point
  pop out the other side almost immediately, and then Doc had the ring through
  and locked in place. The whole affair had barely lasted 5 minutes, if that.  
I helped Emily up off her friend and stood her next to me. Monique's hands
  went to her tits immediately and she looked at her newly pierced breasts with
  tear filled eyes.  
"It's beautiful slut!" Monique looked up at me, she cupped her breasts and
  whimpered as she tugged softly on the new rings in her nipples.  
"She's all set." Doc cleaned his tools and then tossed them in his bag. Monique
  was crying loud, her fingers trying to gently caress her aching nipples. There
  were drops of cum that had dribbled from Emily's pussy still spotting her face.  
I had to help Monique up from the ground, even when she was on her feet her
  legs were like jell-o and I had to hold her up. She was sobbing hard as I led
  her back into the corner bedroom. Emily followed closely behind. Jim had untied
  Lisa from over the rail and he pulled her along using a chain clipped to her
  nose ring. Doc had brought the gleaming silver chain along with all his other
  toys in his magic bag.  
I laid Monique down on the bed, letting her lie on her back. Jim pushed Tara
  down on the mattress next to her friend and unclipped the chain from her nose
  ring.  
"Emily, I want you to take care of them, if they need anything you deal with
  it, all right?" Emily stared at me with moist eyes, she nodded her head and
  sat on the edge of the bed.  
My dick was still throbbing as I slammed the door shut and started down the
  hall with Jim.  
"Holy shit that was incredible man, seeing those piercings it made my prick
  jump. I about blew it three or four times just watching." I could see Jim's
  hands shaking with excitement as he spoke, and I can't say I disagreed with
  him much.  
"Doc, that was incredible!" Jim put out his hand.  
"Thanks so much!" They shook hands like the old friends they were.  
"Don't thank me, thank Pat, he's responsible for all this." I felt my face
  go flush with embarrassment. I still couldn't quite believe what had happened.  
"Want to go downstairs and take care of your girl Doc?" Doc had pulled out
  his tools again and cleaned them thoroughly while Jim and I were down the hall.
  The polished stainless steel gleamed in the kitchen light as he rubbed them
  down with more alcohol.  
"Yeah, I think I'd like that, I think I'd like that a lot!" Doc piled his
  tools back in his bag and we started downstairs. Jayme and Lisa must have heard
  us because though the door was open on their cage, they'd scurried into the
  back corner of their kennel.  
"Hello slaves." Jim banged on the cage front.  
"Get your asses out here and get on your knees!" I could hear Lisa let out
  a whine, but she reluctantly walked out of the cage, her face went red with
  shame as she fell to her knees just in front of me.  
Doc moved immediately to Jayme, her skin was still marked red from the night
  before, he grabbed hold of her breasts and cupped them in his hands.  
"God I love your tits." Jayme looked up at Doc, a single tear ran down her
  cheek.  
"Get up on the bed slut." Doc pushed Jayme by the shoulder toward the bed,
  she got awkwardly to her feet and collapsed down on the mattress.  
"Get over on your back!" I could hear Jayme sob a little louder.  
"You too!" Jim slapped Lisa across the cheek and pushed her toward the bed.
  She lay right next to Jayme, pressing close for security, keeping her eyes
  fixed on us as we stared at them.  
"Lay across the bed, head to head with your legs over the sides." I saw Lisa's
  cheek twitch involuntarily.  
As soon as the girls were on their backs Jim pounced. He was on the bed and
  had Lisa rolled over onto her belly in a second. Grabbing her hands he pulled
  them behind her back and tied her wrists off tight. As soon as he was done
  with Lisa he did the same to Jayme. She let out a loud yelp as he tied her
  wrists painfully tight and rolled her again onto her back.  
Doc started pulling out his tools, I set up a bright floodlight just off
  to the side of the mattress so he could see clearly. Jim pulled out a short
  double ended dildo, he made Lisa and Jayme open their mouths and he forced
  the ends in between their teeth.  
Jim smacked Lisa on the pussy, making her wail.  
"I don't want your teeth to leave that dildo, either of you, understand?
  I want you to keep sucking on it till I tell you that you can stop." Jim grabbed
  Jayme's nipple and tugged hard.  
"Am I making myself clear?" The girls nodded, the thick dildo filling their
  mouths connected them together.  
"Good!" Jim moved the girls around like they were rag dolls on the bed till
  he got them in position. They couldn't do much to fight him with their hands
  pinned behind their backs, and when he grabbed their ankles and pulled them
  up over their chests they were like beetles stuck on their backs.  
"This is going to be fun sluts!" Jim started tying Jayme's right ankle to
  Lisa's right ankle, pulling their legs up over their heads and spreading them
  wide. Lisa started to whimper, knowing full well her pussy was completely exposed.  
Jim tied off the girl's left legs so their feet were together over their
  heads. Jim then wrapped cord around each ankle and tugged their legs wide,
  so they were completely open to whatever we wanted to do to them.  
"God that's beautiful." Jim got off the bed and stood next to me. It was
  quite a gorgeous site, the two girls on their backs, mouths locked together
  with a double ended dildo and ankles tied together, spread wide and almost
  touching the mattress. I could see Jayme's breasts quivering as she tried to
  look at us out of the corner of her eye. The two girls were cooing in unison.  
The clang of stainless steel caught everybody's attention. Jim and I helped
  Doc arrange his tools while the two girls desperately tried to figure out what
  was going on.  
My dick was aching and I needed to get out some lust. I grabbed a crop and
  brought it down on Lisa's pussy with a loud thwack. I thought for a second
  she was going to spit out the dildo, but she managed to keep it buried in her
  mouth while still letting out a loud, loud scream.  
The second blow of the crop made her cry even louder. I started smacking
  her tits with the leather ended rod. As Lisa's legs jerked in response to the
  painful bite of the crop, Jayme's went along too, it was beautiful.  
I only laid about 5-6 blows on various parts of Lisa's body, but she was
  wailing like a child when I was through. When I moved around to Jayme I knew
  she could sense me there, I gently ran the leather crop over her nipples, making
  her cry out in anticipation of the pain that was to come. I could see her pussy
  twitching, probably not in excitement, but knowing I was going to smack her
  there soon. Her nipples were hard and twisted as I ran the crop over her tits.  
I loved the way the anxiety made her cry louder. She wasn't expecting the
  suddenness of the blow as I brought the crop down on her tit. Her hips bucked
  up off the bed making Lisa's leg jerk along with hers. I landed the second
  blow back in the same spot, both girls screamed loud and bit into the rubber
  gag filling their mouths.  
"That's it sluts, how do you like that?" Jayme was crying hard as I ran the
  crop over her belly and onto her sex. I dug the flexible leather between the
  folds of her pussy.  
"Doc's going to pierce you slut." I barely tapped Jayme's clit with the head
  of the crop, but still she screamed.  
"He's going to do your clit, your labia&hellip;" I quickly brought the crop
  down on Jayme's tits, two quick blows that made her whole body spasm like it
  was on fire.  
"And your tits cunt!" I ran the leather over her skin, I could see her eyes
  trying to follow me.  
"Doesn't that sound fun?" I brought a quick blow down on Jayme's clit, making
  her whole body jerk again and tug at Lisa's legs.  
"I'm ready." Doc got to his feet and stood at the edge of the bed, looming
  over the girls. I know they could see him there, the stainless steel tools
  gleaming in his hands.  
"I think they're ready too." I set the crop down on the bed.  
"Need any help?" The smile on Doc's face was great, I was so happy I'd called
  him.  
"Yeah, why don't you both hold down their legs, just to be sure." I sat down
  on one side of the girls, and Jim the other. The desperate cooing sound that
  escaped Lisa and Jayme's mouths had now progressed to all out panic.  
Jayme's body convulsed as Doc spread her labia with his finger. Her chest
  was heaving, her large tits jiggled madly as she was almost hyperventilating
  in fear.  
"I like my sluts ringed." Doc eased a finger deep in Jayme's pussy, she was
  crying desperately now, knowing what was going to come. Jayme tried to close
  her thighs, but Jim and I were able to hold her open easily.  
Jayme started screaming as Doc locked the clamp on her outer labia. She tried
  to buck her hips up off the bed and break free but it was no use. Doc lined
  up the two sides quickly, it was obvious he was a master at doing this sort
  of stuff, and that he loved every second of it.  
"This is going to hurt baby!" Doc held up the long, gleaming, needle, making
  sure Jayme could see it all. He already had the thick rings laid out on the
  bed, ready to go in the gaping holes he was about to make.  
Jayme's scream erupted through the room as Doc slowly pressed the sharp head
  of the needle into her labia. Unlike Tara and Monique, Doc moved at an agonizing
  pace, at least agonizing for Jayme, I felt my dick throbbing as I watched the
  slow progression.  
I had to hold down on Jayme's leg firmly, she was frantically trying to fight,
  the veins in her neck stood out as the needle slowly plunged through her flesh.
  For a second I thought Lisa had passed out, her eyes were closed and her face
  was pale, but when Jayme let out another excruciating bleat her eyes shot open
  in horror.  
It seemed to take forever but Doc finally got the needle through Jayme's
  sensitive flesh. He worked the rings into her labia expertly and locked them
  firmly in place.  
"You can let go of their legs if you want." Jayme's skin was covered with
  sweat, her huge tits were heaving as her body shook like mad.  
"Isn't it beautiful?" Doc pulled away the gauze he'd pressed against the
  rings in Jayme's labia and the new silver jewelry shone in the light.  
"Beautiful!" He fingered the silver ring as Jayme sobbed dispondently.  
"Only three more to go." Doc rubbed Jayme's belly, making a smooth trail
  with his fingers in the beads of perspiration that covered her body. Saliva
  poured out around the gag in Jayme's mouth. Lisa stared into her friend's face,
  a terrified look in her eyes.  
Doc started fingering Jayme's clit, he'd already made a couple pen marks
  on the hard little knob. He pulled out a tool which he clamped down on Jayme's
  love bud, making her scream even louder still knowing what was coming.  
It was brutal the way he did it, so quick, in an instant he had the needle
  up through Jayme's clit and wedged in the ring. I don't even think Jayme realized
  what was happening till it was over, which was might have been for the best
  for her. Jim and I had her legs pinned down, and I could feel her legs jerk
  as Doc got the ring up through her clit. Her screams were terrible, and I almost
  felt bad for her, I might have at least, had my dick not been aching so much
  from watching her get pierced.  
Jayme was sobbing, the tears were streaking down her cheeks as she bit down
  on the rubber dildo in her mouth. She started whining as Doc straddled her
  belly and started working on her nipples. She had to know what was coming.  
He was so smooth and expert at the piercings that it happened quickly. For
  an instant I felt queasy as I watched the needle plunge in Jayme's large nipple,
  and when it popped through the skin on the other side I felt lightheaded, but
  thankfully the feeling didn't last long and the aching in my dick seemed to
  override everything. Doc worked the ring in through the hole, and the silver
  piercing looked perfect against Jayme's skin. Almost as quickly Doc had the
  second ring through Jayme's other breast, she never stopped screaming at the
  top of her lungs.  
Doc was breathing hard when he finally climbed off his girl and admired his
  handiwork. Even though Jim and I weren't holding down her legs anymore, the
  way Jayme and Lisa were bound together, their legs were spread wide and we
  had a perfect view of the new piercings. They were incredible, and we stood
  there for a good five minutes admiring the work.  
Lisa started screaming as soon as Jim and I hopped on the bed and Doc got
  between her spread legs. She fought as hard as she could, but like Jayme, it
  didn't really help her at all. Lisa passed out as Doc put the clamps on her
  labia, she came to in an instant, wailing as loud as she could as the needle
  plunged through her skin. I rubbed her cheek as the skewer popped through her
  flesh on the other side. Like all the other times before, Doc had the rings
  through the newly made holes in an instant.  
Lisa's face was beet red when Doc put the ring through her clit, I couldn't
  wait to play with it and make her cum.  
By the time Doc got to Lisa's tits she was a blubbering mess, the gag still
  filled her jaws, but she was sobbing out of control as the rings were inserted
  in her nipples.  
"That was incredible." Jim was rubbing his cock through his pants, I thought
  I'd burst the way my dick throbbed. We stood back and watched the girls writhe
  on the bed, their legs bobbed and twisted together. Jayme's massive tits quivered
  beautifully with the new silver rings shining from the tips of her nipples.  
None of us could wait. I beat Jim to Lisa's spread legs and fell on top of
  her. She yelped as my dick slammed to the hilt in her pussy. Doc was on Jayme,
  fucking her hard while crushing her breasts in his hands.  
It's not like Jim had to wait long, I'd barely started fucking Lisa when
  I shot my load into her pussy. I felt a little embarrassed how quick I'd cum,
  but I also didn't care much, I'd needed it so bad.  
In less than five minutes Jim and Doc both lay panting on the mattress next
  to the girls. Jayme and Lisa were sobbing like children, newly pierced and
  violated. I sat content on the floor, my groin still tingling with pleasure.  
When we finally untied Jayme and Lisa their tears had faded. With every move
  they made they groaned in pain as they felt their new jewelry.  
"I'm going to go upstairs, I'm spent."  
"Me too." Jim chimed in after I stood up.  
"You coming Doc?" He was cleaning up his tools, Jayme and Lisa were on their
  backs near him, cupping their tits and pussies in agony.  
"In a few, I'm going to clean up some, then maybe play with my girl a little." Jayme
  screamed as he took a clump of her hair in his hands and pulled her too him.
  In an instant the tears were streaking down her cheeks as Doc clamped his mouth
  on hers.  
Jim and I lumbered up the stairs, it had been so exciting watching Doc pierce
  the girls I'd worn myself out. We both collapsed in front of the tube and watched
  TV, our dicks still aching from what we'd seen.  
Doc had brought Jayme upstairs and was busy fucking her in his room when
  Jim and I finally had the will to get up off the couch. We walked back to where
  the girls' were. When I opened the door Monique and Emily were lying on their
  backs with Tara between them, their heads spun quickly and watched us closely
  as we moved toward them.  
 "Hello girls, how has your day been?" None of them responded, Emily cowered
  nearer Monique and crossed her hands over her chest.  
 I sat on the edge of the bed and took hold of Emily, I pulled her to me
  and cupped her breasts.  
 "Have you been playing with the rings in Monique's tits baby?" Emily's body
  tightened, I could feel her muscles harden against me. "Or have you had Tara
  lick your clit with that pretty ring in her tongue?" I slid my hand down to
  Emily's sex and gently started rubbing her pussy.  
 "Do you want me to ring your clit someday slut?" Emily couldn't hold it
  in anymore and she started to sob. Jim sat on the bed next to Tara, he grabbed
  for the ring in her tongue and tugged gently.  
 "I think it's time for to you to get shaved, I don't like that hair down
  there." Jim ran his hand over the small mound of hair above her sex. Tara could
  do nothing but stick her tongue out and try and keep the pressure off her new
  piercing.  
 Jim clipped a chain in Tara's nose ring and started pulling her off the
  bed. I grabbed Emily and put her on her feet.  
 "Come on baby, you and Monique get to do the honors." I flicked the ring
  in Monique's nipple making her yelp. Jim tugged Tara into the bathroom by the
  nose, she scurried behind him as quick as she could, her arms were still pinned
  in the small of her back.  
 Taking the free end of the chain Jim pulled Tara toward the shower, he looped
  the end over the showerhead, making her get high up on her tip toes.  
 "That's it cunt." Jim grabbed for Tara's left leg and picked it up off the
  floor, she was wearing cuffs on her ankles and he hooked the ring over the
  towel rack, making Tara stand high on her toe, while spreading her wide.  
 "Don't slip slut!" I could hear Tara groaning as her head was arched high,
  the ring in her tongue keeping her from taking any strain off her calf muscle.  
 I grabbed Monique by the shoulder.  
 "Why don't you get in there and lick her pussy some." She looked back at
  me with pleading eyes but fell to her knees in the shower and started licking
  Tara's clit without hesitation. Monique put her hand up under Tara's raised
  thigh and helped her keep her balance as she started running her tongue over
  the folds of her sex. I handed Emily a razor and some shaving lotion.  
 "After she's good and wet, then I want you to shave her, understand?" I
  ran my hand through Emily's hair, she was such a sweet girl, and I loved to
  see the fear in her eyes.  
 Tara was groaning in pain and pleasure after a few minutes. Monique was
  becoming masterful at getting the other girls off. She had her hand up under
  Tara's thigh trying to support her while she drove her tongue deep in her sex.
  Tara's breasts quivered, and her nipples were hard as rocks.  
 I grabbed Monique by the hair and pushed her into the shower.  
 "Get in there slut!" I pushed Emily to her knees on the floor. She looked
  around, scared and uncertain. Tara couldn't lower her head to see what was
  happening, but I could see her eyes looking down, trying to make out what was
  going on.  
 Emily looked back at me, she had the cutest poor puppy dog eyes. She sprayed
  some shaving foam on her hand, and then gently rubbed it over Tara's sex, working
  it into the small patch of hair. Tara started moaning, and I could see her
  calf starting to twitch after having been on her toes for quite a while now.
  Emily ran her hand over Tara's pelvis, working the foam into her skin. I thought
  Tara's leg was going to collapse, her thigh trembled unstably.  
Jim stood with me just outside the shower door. Monique was on her knees
  watching. Tara's nipples were hard, and jiggled as her body shook. When she
  saw my dick getting hard, Monique opened my fly and stated rubbing my cock.  
Emily picked the razor up off the floor and started slowly pulling it over
  Tara's skin. I loved the feel of Monique's long fingers circling my cock, gently
  stroking the length of my shaft. Tara arched her head back as much as she could
  with her tongue ring chained off over the shower head and let out a guttural
  moan. Emily pinched Tara's clit between her fingers and pulled the sensitive
  flesh out of the way, so she could shave her skin smooth.  
I thought Tara's leg was going to go, I could see her calf muscle straining.
  Monique kissed the head of my cock with her soft lips, she'd taken Jim's cock
  in her other hand and was stroking him as well.  
Emily kept working the sharp razor over Tara's skin, shaving her smooth as
  a baby's bottom. She fingered Tara's sex, tugging on her sensitive skin in
  order to make sure she got every little hair. Monique moved her mouth from
  my cock to Jim's, working us mostly with her hands, but closing her lips down
  on the heads of our cocks in rhythm. Watching Tara's body trembling, and Emily
  shaving her, I was almost ready to cum again.  
"Make me cum slut!" Monique looked up at me, her hazel eyes were watching
  me intently. She started stroking my cock, squeezing me tight in her fingers.
  I could hear Jim grunting next to me as she picked up the pace on his prick
  too. Part of me wanted to get her on her knees and fuck her, but I was already
  to the point of no return.  
"Oh my god!" My cock started to spurt, Monique directed the shooting head
  of my dick towards her face and lines of sticky white sperm streaked her pretty
  features. She opened her mouth and tried to catch my exploding cum in her mouth.
  She continued to pump my dick, making me spasm more and more.  
I heard Jim bellow and Monique turned her face towards his prick, she continued
  to hold mine, but let Jim shoot his load on her face, trying to catch it all
  in her mouth.  
I bent my head back and roared as Monique continued to caress my cock. Emily
  turned and looked at me, Tara's pussy was shaved smooth, little streaks of
  shaving foam covered her pelvis.  
Monique held each Jim and I by the dicks and started working her tongue over
  the heads of our cocks, licking us clean. Lines of cum crisscrossed her face
  and ran into her hair. A large glob of sperm was plastered to her forehead
  as she sucked the last of the cum off our cocks.  
"God your incredible!" I moved my hand over Monique's shoulder and grabbed
  one of her ringed nipples. She let out a yelp of discomfort as I tugged gently.  
When we finally had our attention back on Tara, Jim and I watched as her
  leg spasmed. I handed Emily a towel and had her clean Tara's pussy.  
"Let's get her down." I grabbed for Tara's leg, the one up over the towel
  rack, while Jim undid the chain stretching her tongue. I got Emily to her feet,
  and helped Tara take a weary step into the bathroom. Jim started running his
  hand over her smooth snatch.  
"Nice, very nice." Tara could only let out a moan of pain. Her body was aching,
  from her legs to her tongue.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks&hellip;.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com  
Chapter Ten 
I walked into the kitchen looking for something to drink and was surprised
  to see Tara there, kneeling on the floor with her hands held up behind her
  head. Her nose ring was clipped to a leash and loosely tied over one of the
  cabinet handles. She had plenty of leeway to move around the kitchen if she
  needed to, but she just remained still on her knees as her eyes followed me.
  I wondered where Jim was, it wasn't like him to leaving his girl all alone
  unbound. 
Hello slut. Tara didn't respond, she had her mouth slightly open, the ring
  in her tongue made it hard to completely close her lips, it almost made her
  look like a panting dog. 
I could see Tara surreptitiously looking around for Jim, she looked nervous
  as she scanned the room, like he might walk in and catch her. 
I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and gulped it down, it's hard
  work keeping slave girls busy and I'd built up quite a thirst. Tara 's beautiful
  breasts quivered as she tried to hold the awkward pose, she bent slightly at
  the waist, twisting trying to see if Jim was around. I loved the way her nipples
  were hard and twitched ever so slightly as she trembled. Every time I saw her
  breasts I desperately wanted to find clamps or clothespins to snap on her nipples,
  they looked perfect on her tits. 
I took a step towards Tara and ran my hand through her hair. 
You're one hot slave! Tara looked up at me, I could see the moistness of
  her eyes and it almost looked like she was going to start crying. I stepped
  away from her, opening one of the cabinets to throw the water bottle in the
  trash. 
I was surprised when I felt Tara 's arms lock around my legs and she pressed
  her face in my groin, I could hear the leash chime as she tugged on it to get
  to me. 
Plleetthhhh Mattthhhhsteeer. With the ring piercing her tongue Tara could
  barely articulate any words, what she could get out sounded like a little kid
  with missing teeth trying to talk. 
Keeeppp mee Mattthhhhsteeer I waaanntt tooo beee yoouuurrr slaavvvvth, plleetthhhh. Tara
  locked her arms tight around my legs, she looked up at me with her tear filled
  eyes, her tongue ring glinting in the lights. Her words were slurred and almost
  unintelligible. 
Plleetthhh Masttthhhhsteeer, dooonn't givvve me too Jim, Plleeetthhh. The
  desperation filled Tara 's eyes as tears ran down her cheeks. She buried her
  face against my hardening dick. 
Plleetthhh Masttthhhsteeer. Tara let go of my legs, she spread her thighs
  wide and arched her torso back, she grabbed for her engorged labia and spread
  them wide, exposing the moist pink of her pussy. 
I'll be your slaavvvth, usetth my cuntth, plleeetthhh! Tara let out a startled
  yelp as Jim walked in the room. Her head swung quickly toward her looming master
  and I could see her body start to shake with fear. 
Tara could see the anger in Jim's face immediately and she quickly closed
  her legs and got back to her knees, she tried to put her arms up behind her
  head again but Jim was too quick, he had hold of her hair and twisted her face
  to his before she could move. 
What the fuck is this? Jim jerked on her hair making Tara cry out in pain. 
What the fuck are you doing? Tara tried to grab for his hands to ease the
  strain on her hair, she was whimpering as he ripped at her scalp. 
Did I tell you that you could move slut. Tara was sobbing hard, her hands
  were locked on Jim's wrists, her eyes stared in fear up at the foreboding figure
  tugging on her hair. 
What the hell were you doing slut? Tara was crying, her tits bobbed as Jim
  pulled her from side to side. 
She wanted me to keep her as my slave, she doesn't want me to give her to
  you. Tara 's went wide with fear as I spoke. Jim looked over at me, I could
  see him getting angrier by the second. 
What? Jim tugged hard on Tara 's head making her scream out. He pushed her
  hard down on the floor, she landed with a thud on the wood. 
You don't want to be my slave bitch? Jim had his barefoot pressed down on
  Tara 's neck, holding her to the floor. 
Well you are my slave, and I can do whatever I want to you! Jim bent down
  and grabbed Tara 's nipples, he pinched the sensitive flesh between his fingers
  and pulled hard on the little buds till her body was arched up off the floor. 
If I want to hurt you I will, if I want to use that useless pussy of yours,
  I will. Tara was screaming as her nipples were stretched painfully. 
Tara let out a gasp of relief as Jim let go of her breasts. She brought her
  hands to her tits and started rubbing her nipples, sobbing out of control her
  eyes were locked on mine, looking for any kind of support. 
Where's the rope? Jim's face was red, he was pissed off and I pointed to
  a coil of rope sitting in one of the cabinets. 
Let's see how you like this cunt! Tara cried out as Jim took hold of her
  wrists and violently got her over on her belly, he tied her off quickly, wrapping
  the rope incredibly tight around her arms. 
Help me with this slut Pat! Jim had hold of Tara 's shoulders, I grabbed
  the other side of her body and we dragged her over to a decorative vertical
  pole that was between the kitchen and the dining room. 
Let's see how this cunt likes this! Jim pushed Tara so her neck and shoulder
  were up against the pole, he then bent her legs back so her ankles were around
  the pole, over her head, with her hips and ass arched up off the ground. Jim
  started tying Tara off so she couldn't move, she whimpered as her body was
  bent painfully, her ass and pussy exposed and open. 
We'll see how you like opening that pussy now! Jim tugged on the leash still
  attached to Tara 's nose, he pulled her head up and knelt down to look in her
  eyes. 
So you don't want me for your Master cunt? Tara was sobbing, her tongue
  was stuck out of her mouth. 
Plleeaattthhhh. Jim let go of the leash and roared in laughter. 
You're my slave forever, don't think it's going to change! Jim went into
  the front room, I just stared at Tara while he was gone. She was a beautiful
  girl and I was sad at the thought of seeing her go, but my dick was growing
  at the sight of her now, tied painfully, ready to be punished. I loved her
  feistiness, it was part of her, it always seemed to come back, even when it
  seemed she was broken. She was like a wild animal, the instincts never went
  away completely. 
Jim sauntered back into the room, he had a huge grin on his face. He held
  up a long leather flogger, the ends of the straps had little lead balls sewn
  in. I don't think Tara could see it, but Jim also had a monster sized dildo
  and butt plug in his hands. 
Tell me what you think about this slut! Jim swung the long, heavy, straps
  of the flogger and brought them down on Tara 's exposed pussy with a loud,
  hard thwack. The tortured girl's response was immediate. Her legs convulsed
  in pain and she arched her hips even higher in the air, pulling hard on the
  ropes looped around her ankles. 
Again and again Jim brought the flogger down on Tara 's body, the straps landed
  on her ass, her thighs, and her exposed pussy. 
Tara wailed out as the leather dug into her flesh. The lead beads were like
  little balls of fire slamming into her body. Tara 's howled as time and again
  Jim brought the flogger down on her upturned ass 
Tell me you're my slave! Tara screamed as Jim brought the flogger down again. 
Pllleeeaaaastttthhhhh Maaaasstthhhher. Jim tossed the flogger on the ground
  and picked up a long wooden rod from the counter. He started whipping the soles
  of Tara 's feet. 
Tell me you're my slave! 
Pllleeeaaaastttthhhhh Stoopppp! Tara 's hips bucked and jerked as Jim landed
  the wooden rod on her feet again and again, she screamed desperately with each
  blow. 
I heard a shuffling to my left, I turned and saw Jayme crawling across the
  floor, her massive tits swung as she moved, the shine of the rings was clear
  in the light. Doc held a leash in his hand, it was clipped to the rings in
  Jayme's clit and she had a bit gag stuffed in her mouth, drool hung like strings
  from her lips. 
What's this? You started without me? Doc tugged on the leash he was holding
  making Jayme squeal as her clit stretched. Jim looked up and smiled. 
I had to correct this slut, apparently she isn't too happy about being my
  slave. Jim let out a huge belly laugh as he brought the rod hard down on the
  soles of Tara's feet again, making her scream out in pain as the wood bit deep
  into her flesh. 
Jayme stared wide eyed at her friend, her tits quivered as she knelt on all
  fours. She cast a timid glance back at Doc as he kept the tension on the leash,
  tugging hard on her clit. 
Jim set the rod back on the counter, he picked up the butt plug and the dildo
  he'd grabbed and held it up for Tara to see. 
I guess if you don't want my cock in your pussy, then these will have to
  do. Tara was sobbing, she tried to beg and plead, but with the ring in her
  tongue she couldn't get out anything intelligible. 
Jim knelt down next to Tara 's upturned ass, he forced a finger in her tight
  sphincter making her cry out in discomfort. 
Time to open up slut! Tara 's hips jerked from side to side as Jim forced
  the narrow point of the plug into her ass, she wailed out as he forced it deeper
  and deeper in her tight ring. I could see Jayme cringe as Jim forced the un-lubricated
  plug deep in her friend's body. 
Bet you wish it was my cock now, don't you cunt! Tara squealed as Jim forced
  the thick object into her anus. 
You're my slave, forever, don't forget it! Tara sobbed in utter degradation
  as the wide plug popped in her ass, leaving only the small little end jutting
  obscenely from her body. 
Jayme's breasts jiggled ever so enticingly as she watched Tara 's butt wiggle
  in pain. 
Now lets see how you like a big cock in that pussy of yours. The dildo was
  huge, it had to be 18 long, and it was a good 3-4 in diameter. It almost
  looked like a caricature of a dick it looked so out of proportion with the
  real thing. 
Jim pushed hard down on the dildo and I watched the tip sink into Tara 's
  pussy, her body spasmed with the penetration. Jim didn't hesitate, he didn't
  make any effort to let Tara 's body accommodate the massive pole, he just kept
  pushing it in her pussy, making her scream louder and louder the more the rubber
  phallus sank into her cunt. 
That's it bitch, how do you like this in your pussy, or do you want me to
  let Pat fuck your brains out instead? Jim pushed the dildo deeper and deeper,
  the muscles in Tara 's legs corded and jerked as she yelped, the object sunk
  into her body. Jim had a good 10 or 12 of the shaft in her pussy when he finally
  stopped and got to his feet. 
I'm going to leave you like this all night cunt, unless somebody wants to
  fuck your useless pussy! Jayme was trembling, the rings in her tits gleamed
  as her body moved. 
Nice work Jim. Doc took a step forward and patted Jayme on the head, she
  stayed on all fours, the leash on her clit ring finally loosened he turned
  and looked at me. 
Got a bowl for this slut to drink out of? 
Yeah, yeah, in the cupboard I pointed to one of the cabinets. 
Don't want to get her too dehydrated. As Doc moved toward the cabinet he
  ran his hands over Tara 's upturned ass, she whimpered as he touched the end
  of the huge dildo that jutted from her sex. 
Sorry I missed the beginning. Doc grinned up at Jim, then headed into the
  kitchen for a bowl to water his slut. 
Mind if I use Lisa for the night buddy? My dick is aching now, and I don't
  want to give this whore the pleasure of my dick. Jim slapped Tara on the ass
  as he looked at me, she was whimpering. It must have been uncomfortable as
  hell with her legs bent back over her head. 
No, no, go right ahead. Jim didn't wait long to react, he bolted down the
  stairs to the basement. 
In what seemed like seconds Jim was back upstairs and had Lisa crawling across
  the kitchen floor. I could see her eyes first lock on Jayme--who was bent over
  a bowl lapping up water--her tits rubbing on the floor as she had to lean down.
  Jim had clipped a little chain leash to Lisa's nipple rings and tugged her
  toward Tara . 
See bitch, I've got another girl for the night already, but don't worry,
  I'm going to take you home tomorrow, and then I'll really teach you to be my
  slave properly. Tara looked up with wide eyes, the tears streamed down her
  cheeks. 
I'll see you in the morning boys, whipping my slut just makes my dick ready
  to blow. Jim tugged hard on Lisa's nipple rings making her cry out in pain.
  He headed down the hall and into his room. I walked over to Tara and ran my
  hand over the back of her thigh. 
You'd better learn quickly slut, you're Jim's slave, he can do what he wants
  to you. Tara tried to articulate some words, I'm sure to try and get me to
  reconsider, but the ring in her tongue made her impossible to understand. 
Jayme was still lapping away at her bowl of water as I moved toward Doc. 
So, do you like your girl? Doc watched Jayme drinking, her ass was propped
  high in the air, and wiggled slightly as she drank. 
Yeah, yeah, you were right, I love her tits. Jayme turned her head to look
  at us, but just for a second, I could see the fear in her eyes, then she quickly
  stuck her tongue back in the water and started lapping away again. 
You taking off tomorrow then? 
Yeah, got to get back to the office, but I'll be back, if I'm invited that
  is? Doc looked at me and smiled. 
Any time man, any time. I watched Jayme lick the last drops of water out
  of the bottom of the bowl, her breasts hung from her body and quivered prettily
  as she moved. 
I'm going to miss those tits, they are gorgeous. I winked at Doc, I was
  glad he'd made it. I felt almost wistful at the thought of Doc and Jayme leaving. 
Well, I'm going to head back to my girls and play with them, have a good
  nights sleep. I extended my hand to Doc. 
Yeah, if we get any? We shook hands, both chuckling at the truth of the
  statement and I started towards my room. I heard the TV turn on and saw Doc
  dragging Jayme by the leash toward the couch. I headed for my girls, happily
  ready for another night with my slaves. 
I was halfway between sleep and consciousness, everything was a blur and I
  felt like I was in a dream, a wonderful dream. I could feel my dick aching
  and I thought I felt something lapping along the length of my cock. I didn't
  want to wake up from the dream, I knew once I did the wonderful feeling would
  go away. 
My eyes fluttered opened, I could barely lift my head I was still so deep
  in sleep. I saw Monique running her tongue up the length of my hardening shaft,
  her eyes locked on me, I think waiting for me to wake. 
Monique suddenly rolled over onto her back in the middle of the bed, she grabbed
  for her ankles and spread them wide. 
Please Master, fuck this sluts pussy, I need your cock in me, please! My
  dick was hard, and I was tempted to pounce on the girl, even being barely conscious
  I could see was she on fire, her pussy was dripping. 
Please Master, this cumslut needs your cock, please, shoot in my pussy! Monique
  spread her ankles even wider. 
Slowly I was coming out of my daze, Monique moaned as I ran my hand over her
  belly and her swollen clit. I could hear Emily moving around in the cage, I'd
  locked her up the night before. 
Why don't you get Emily out of the cage and lick her pussy till she cums.
  If you do that, then I'll fuck you. I pinched Monique's clit till she yelped
  out in pain. 
Please Master, your slut needs your cock so bad, please, fuck me now, please! I
  could see the desperation in her eyes, but that only made me want to make her
  wait even more. 
I rubbed her aching clit, I knew she was behaving and hadn't touched herself.
  I squeezed her swollen little nub between my fingers and looked in her lust
  filled eyes. 
I said go get Emily out of the cage, make her cum, and then maybe I'll fuck
  you. I could see the disappointment, and desperation, in Monique's face as
  I let go of her clit. She let out a whimper and got to her knees. She looked
  back at me as she crawled toward Emily's cage. 
My dick was hard and erect as Monique took Emily out of the cage, Monique
  pulled her friend softly to the bed using the leash that was still clipped
  to Emily's collar. 
Monique looked up at me, I could see the desperate need in her eyes and I
  loved it. 
Monique pushed Emily on her back on the bed, she was kneeling on the floor
  between Emily's widely splayed legs. I reached out and grabbed for Emily's
  breasts and started kneading them in my hands as Monique spread Emily's labia
  with her fingers, I could hear the girl moan as Monique lapped her tongue over
  her sex. 
I love the way Emily whimpered as Monique worked on her pussy, it was so cute,
  somehow, through everything that happened, she still retained an innocence,
  an embarrassment, at what was happening. I pinched her nipples hard and stretched
  them to little points. My dick was starting to ache so much I didn't know how
  long I could take it. 
Emily started moaning and arching her hips up to meet Monique's tongue and
  fingers as her friend finger fucked her pussy. 
I rolled over onto my side and slid my cock in Emily's mouth, I forced the
  head of my prick deep in her throat and felt her lips close on my dick. 
That's it babe, get me ready for Monique's pussy. Monique was working hard
  trying to make Emily cum, she had her friend to the brink, making her hips
  gyrate and buck up off the bed. I could hear Emily groaning as my dick filled
  her mouth. 
Monique looked jealously at my cock, I could see her sucking Emily's pussy,
  taking her labia into her mouth and using her lips and teeth to drive her friend
  to orgasm. I could feel Emily reacting, I could feel the way she gasped for
  breath as her body started to pulse. 
Emily squeezed her lips hard on my cock as Monique pushed her over the edge.
  I could feel the bed shaking as she ground her hips into Monique's face. 
That's it slut! I ran my hands through Emily's hair, her body was on fire,
  and I could hear Monique lapping away at her pussy. I pushed the head of my
  cock to the back of Emily's throat. 
Monique was holding Emily's thighs down to the mattress as she pumped her
  finger in and out of her friend's pussy. I could see the look in her eyes and
  I knew I couldn't hold out for much longer. 
I pulled my dick out of Emily's mouth with a lovely slurping sound, her eyes
  were closed and she had her hands on her breasts, playing with herself as her
  hips gyrated. 
Get off the bed! I tugged on Emily's arm, she opened her eyes with shock
  as I pushed her off the edge of the mattress. I could see the glimmer in Monique's
  eyes. 
Get on your back slut, open that pussy for me! Monique didn't need more
  encouragement. She hopped on the bed like a cat, she rolled onto her back and
  spread her legs, grabbing her ankles and holding them wide. 
Please fuck this slut Master! My dick was throbbing in need, I mounted Monique
  like an animal and slammed my prick to the hilt in her sopping pussy. She let
  out a glorious groan of pleasure as my cock went deep in her cunt. 
That's it slut! I could feel her whole body moving under me, she twisted
  her hips, she pulled her ankles back till they were beside her head. I'd never
  felt a pussy that alive, that wet, with need. 
Fuck me Master, PLLLEEEEEAAASSSEEEEE! The girl was desperate, I could feel
  her vaginal muscles pulsing as I started driving my hips into her, it almost
  sounded like she was purring beneath me the deeper my prick sunk in her pussy. 
I put my hands next to Monique's chest and lifted my body up off hers, she
  stared up at me with the most beautiful lust filled eyes I'd ever seen. I started
  pumping my hips down into her, brutally fucking her, slamming her hips down
  into the mattress, my balls smacked against her ass. Monique held her ankles
  back near her head and drove her hips up to meet my cock. I could hear her
  grunt with effort as she fucked me back with all her might. 
OOOOHHHHHH GOOOODDDD! Monique started screaming. 
May I CUUUMMMMM MMMAAASSSSSTTTTTEERRRRR!!! Monique had her ankles almost
  to the mattress, I could feel her ass rising and bucking against my hips as
  I pummeled her pussy. 
YYEEEEESSSSS Slut! Monique started screeching in orgasm immediately. I could
  feel her whole body convulsing, I could feel her pussy squeezing me tight,
  like something I'd never felt before. 
I'm going to cum! Monique let go of her ankles and closed her arms around
  me, I could feel her hard nipples against my chest as she circled my back and
  held me tight. 
I kept slamming my dick into her blazing pussy, my balls pulsing, shooting
  every drop of cum into her wet, tight cunt. 
That's it slut! I collapsed on top of her, I could feel the sweat pouring
  from my body as I crushed her with my weight. Monique closed her legs over
  my hips and gently rocked, making my still hard cock move inside her. 
I could hear Monique still panting beneath me as her chin pressed into my
  shoulder. She was cooing like a dove, I loved the feel of her hard nipples
  against my chest, twitching ever so slightly as she locked me in her hold. 
Monique let out a yelp of disappointment as I pulled my dick out of her pussy.
  She didn't want to let me go as I broke free from her grasp and sat up on the
  bed. I could see Emily kneeling on the floor, she had her legs spread and her
  hands clasped behind her head, her eyes locked on mine. 
How cute, what a good girl! It was almost indiscernible, but I thought I
  caught the slightest hint of a smile on Emily's face. 
Go let her suck the cum out of your pussy. I grabbed for Monique's arm,
  she was on her back, there was a glow of contentment in her eyes. 
Go on. Monique eased to her knees and crawled to the end of the bed. She
  looked back at me as she stepped on the floor. She stood in front of Emily
  with her feet planted wide, there was an electric jolt through her body as
  she used her fingers to open her pussy lips. Just as the cum started dribbling
  out of her cunt Emily started lapping away at Monique's pussy, catching the
  gooey sperm on her tongue. I could hear them both moan as Emily pushed her
  mouth against Monique's pussy and started sucking any more sperm out of her
  friend. 
I just sat back and savored what just had happened, my dick was still tingling
  with the incredible orgasm, and the memory of Monique's sweet pussy. 
I started downstairs, Jim was still in his room with Tara and I'd left my
  girls in the back bedroom. I'd made Monique and Emily promise me they'd made
  each other orgasm at least twice when I was gone. I could still feel their
  soft hands on my body when they cleaned me in the shower, my life was perfect. 
I heard Jayme moaning as I stepped out into the basement, I saw that she was
  tied spread-eagle to the mattress and Doc was bent over her, running his hands
  over her tits and pussy with a pair of fur mittens. He was making her writhe
  under his touch. 
Hey buddy, how's it going? Doc took his eyes off Jayme for just a second
  to acknowledge me, then he started rubbing Jayme's pussy with the mittens. 
Oh God please let me cum, please. Jayme's body was trembling under Doc's
  touch, she sounded desperate, he used the fur like an expert, rubbing her body
  till she was going insane with lust. 
Please! Let me cum, please! Doc looked up at me and grinned. 
How's that for a slut, I've had her begging me for an hour now to let her
  orgasm. Doc ran the smooth fur over Jayme's inner thighs. I could see her
  try to close her legs, but the bonds held her tight and all she could do was
  cry out. 
Watch this. Doc grabbed a vibrator and turned it on high, Jayme started
  screaming the instant he pressed it against her clit. Her hips rose high off
  the bed as she desperately tried to keep contact with the buzzing head even
  as he pulled it away. 
Oh God! Jayme screamed out, I could see her breasts trembling, her arms
  and legs tugged hard on the ropes holding her. 
Please let me cum! She started cooing, just on the verge of orgasming. 
NOOOOOOOO! Doc pulled the vibrator away from Jayme's pussy making her scream. 
Plllleeeeeaaasseeee let me cum!!!! Doc roared in laughter as he started
  rubbing the underside of Jayme's tits with a feather. 
Tell me what a cum slut you are! Jayme didn't respond as Doc moved the feather
  over her belly, slowly moving toward her pussy, but never allowing her to orgasm. 
Please, let me cum!!! Jayme cried out, clearly in need, her head was lifted
  up off the mattress, staring at Doc. 
Oh God, please let me cum Master! Jayme threw back her head and started
  sobbing as Doc continued to tease her. 
Please! Jayme's whole body seemed to convulse as the feather moved over
  her skin. She groaned as Doc thrust a finger in her pussy and slowly started
  fucking her. 
You're just a cum slut! Jayme sobbed even louder, her huge tits jiggled
  as her body reacted to Doc's masterful touch. 
Are you going to let her cum? I sat on the edge of the bed and pulled hard
  on Jayme's nipple ring. The girl looked up at me, I could see the desperate
  lust, and need, in her eyes. 
Please let me cum Master, please! Doc moved the feather over Jayme's inner
  thighs, just barely grazing her swollen labia with the soft edge. 
Oh God, please! I'm a cum slut, I'm your cum slave, please, just let me cum! Jayme's
  hips were bucking up off the bed trying to keep contact with the elusive feather. 
Jayme was panting out the words as I pulled her nipples taut, I could feel
  her twisting her torso to savor the feeling, then I let go. 
I'm going to head upstairs. Doc looked like a mad scientist playing with
  the girl as I got up off the bed. 
See you upstairs for dinner later? Doc tugged on Jayme's clit ring making
  her squeal. 
Yeah. I started heading toward the stairs, just as I took the first step
  I heard the buzzing of a vibrator and Jayme started to cry , begging Doc to
  let her orgasm. I could only smile thinking about how long he'd keep her like
  that. 
Jim and I had finished cleaning up from dinner and we were sitting at the
  table. The sun was easing down on the horizon and the clouds glowed red. I
  guess if the old adage rang true, it would be a sailor's delight the next day,
  not that I needed anything to make my life better than it was already. 
I had Emily kneeling next to me on the floor, she had a bright red ball gag
  in her mouth. I loved the way the leather harness cut across her face, there
  was something about it that turned me on so much. She was rubbing her pussy
  gently and I had a vibrating egg stuffed inside her, though it was turned it
  off for the moment. 
I'd made her blow me earlier, I'd had the egg buzzing away inside her and
  I made her rub her clit at the same time. I loved the way she whimpered and
  cried with everything I did to her, especially when I made her cum. It embarrassed
  the hell out of her to be forced to orgasm, and that only made me want to torture
  her more. I'd cum in her mouth, burying my dick in her soft lips as she rubbed
  her pussy. It felt like heaven as she tried to cough and gag up my sperm, but
  I'd kept my prick stuff in her throat till she swallowed it all down. 
I heard a small clang of bells behind me and when I turned I saw Jayme crawling
  across the floor. She had a huge bit gag in her mouth and Doc had a leash clipped
  off to the top of the gag harness, he led her around like a dog. 
Doc had clipped little bells to Jayme's nipple rings and they chimed gently
  as she moved across the floor with her tits swaying, but the bells weren't
  the only thing clipped to her nipple rings, Doc had attached a pretty gold
  chain which then ran down to the rings in her labia, and then down to her big
  toes, which were looped with even more rings. The whole contraption wasn't
  just for looks, with very little leeway in the chain Jayme couldn't stand up,
  she barely was able to crawl even. Had she tried to stand the chain would have
  ripped at the rings in her labia and tits. 
Holy shit, that's incredible. Jim popped to his feet. Jayme and Emily cast
  terrified glances at one another, I could feel Emily's body shaking as her
  shoulder pressed against my thigh. 
Jim tugged on the chain clipped to Jayme's nipple, when he did the gold line
  went taut and it pulled on the labia rings, and finally her toes. 
That's incredible Doc, guess that's how you keep them on their knees? Jim
  tugged on the chain again, making Jayme whimper. 
I love it, I might have to let you do Tara too. Doc just smiled as Jim continued
  to play with the chain, making Jayme's nipples go taut once again. 
I got to my feet, I was sad to see Doc, and Jayme, go, but we all had work
  to do. Well, I guess besides me, I could pretty much just sit on my ass and
  play with my girls' full time. 
I'm so glad you were able to make it, come back anytime. I'm sure Jayme and
  the girls would like to see each other again. I tapped Emily on the head,
  her fingers continued to rub her pussy as she knelt on the floor. Jim was flicking
  the little bells on Jayme's tits, I could see the tears welling in the corners
  of her eyes as her newly pierced nipples ached under the onslaught. 
And thanks for giving the girl's those shots, I wouldn't want to have to
  deal with any babies. I turned and grinned at Emily. 
Yeah, no problem. Thanks for, well, everything I guess. Doc smiled and tugged
  on Jayme's leash making her jolt back, sending the little bells dinging away
  once again. 
I still can't believe you did it, but I'm sure as hell happy you did. Doc
  held his omnipresent black bag in one hand and the leash in the other. 
Well, I'd better be going, I've got a bit of a drive. Doc set the leash
  in the small of Jayme's back and held out his hand for me to shake. I was kind
  of sad to see Jayme go, she had been fun to play with. 
Let me walk you out to your car. Doc picked up the leash handle and tugged
  Jayme forward, she shuffled along the floor, head tilted down in shame, her
  massive tits jiggling as she moved. I loved the way the chains pulled on her
  breasts and labia with each little step forward, I'm sure it was painful, and
  utterly degrading for her, but I loved it. 
Doc helped Jayme up into the backseat of the SUV, he made her kneel on the
  floor in the backseat. 
Well, have a safe trip man, I'm so glad you came, and enjoy the girl. 
I will, thanks for giving me her. He slapped Jayme on the rump, she looked
  almost like a piece of cattle ready for shipment as she knelt uncomfortably
  on the back floorboards. 
Doc closed the back door and hopped into the front seat. I watched him pull
  away, then went inside. Emily was still kneeling on the floor rubbing her pussy
  when I got in the kitchen, but Jim was no where to be found. 
Let's go watch some TV slut, you can stop rubbing yourself. I could hear
  the gasp of relief from Emily as she pulled her fingers away from her wet pussy,
  she started crawling obediently behind me into the living room. 
Come on, up girly. I tapped the couch next to me and Emily hopped up like
  a lithe little cat. I sat back and turned on the TV, Emily reluctantly put
  her head in my lap, rubbing my dick with her cheek. I knew soon enough I'd
  be ready to fuck her again as I ran my hand through her hair. 
Lisa whimpered and whined the whole time I was wedging the ring gag between
  her teeth. Her eyes teared up and she let out a desperate groan as I started
  pulling the hood over her head, making her world go silent and black all at
  once. I tugged the bands tight around her neck and attached a small brass lock.
  I pulled on her newly pierced nipples, eliciting a wonderful pained sound from
  her throat. Monique and Emily were kneeling on the floor, hands up behind their
  heads like I'd demanded, watching as I prepped Lisa for the night. 
Doesn't she look hot slaves? All ready to fuck and suck all night long. Monique
  and Emily knelt with their eyes fixed on their friend. I'd made sure they were
  there to watch, I thought it might help with their training going forward. 
Other than the hood, Lisa was naked, unless you considered her large stiletto
  heels clothes, or perhaps the piercings Doc had fitted her with. The rings
  in Lisa's outer labia dangled, swinging softly as she moved, and I liked the
  cute vertical dumbbell through her clit. I reached out and took hold of the
  rings in her nipples, I loved playing with them so much. 
Lisa twisted her head side to side, blindly seeking stimulus. She couldn't
  see, or hear, under the thick leather hood. I wanted it that way, I wanted
  her to have no idea where the cocks would come from, soon she would be on her
  back--or knees-- taking more dicks than she could have ever imagined. 
I took hold of Lisa's shoulders and eased a collar around her neck. It fit
  perfectly, right below the base of the hood. I ran my hand over her belly as
  I snapped the padlock shut. 
Lisa didn't fight as I took hold of her wrists and fitted leather cuffs around
  her arms, I cinched them tight and locked them in place with more little brass
  locks. I clipped her wrists behind her back, then pushed her onto the bed,
  grabbing her legs I fitted more cuffs to her ankles. 
I stood back, Lisa writhed around on the bed, her hands were pinned behind
  her back and legs flailed in the air. 
Emily you slut, why don't you go lick your friends pussy, make her cum, I'll
  be nice and let her orgasm before she starts fucking all those cocks. Emily
  looked up at me unmoving. Her forehead cinched together and I could almost
  see the tears welling in her eyes. 
I started toward her, gently I laid my hand in her hair, then taking her totally
  by surprise I grabbed a large clump of her beautiful locks and twisted hard.
  Her mouth shot open as if to scream, but she was too scared to make a sound.
  Her eyes went wide, and I could see the tears start to form as I jerked her
  head till she faced me. I barely had to raise my voice, I spoke slow and clear. 
I said get over there and lick your friend's pussy till she cums. Unless
  you want me to put you in the hood, and then I'll take you out on the road
  to fuck and suck every guy I find instead? Emily was whimpering loud, one
  small tear streaked down her cheek, her torso trembled ever so slightly as
  her body was racked with fear. 
I let go of Emily's hair and she fell to her hands and knees, sobbing she
  crawled between Lisa's spread legs. 
Emily looked back at Monique, I think for emotional support before she grabbed
  Lisa's thighs and held them still. Emily drove her head down, with her tongue
  extended she penetrated the folds of Lisa's sex. 
Lisa's body jerked and Emily lost hold of her ankles for a second, her hooded
  head popped up off the bed, spinning side to side, her mouth a gaping hole
  as Emily started licking her. 
Lisa let out a hollow cooing sound and dropped her head back to the mattress
  as Emily started flicking her friend's newly pierced clit with her tongue.
  I loved the sounds that escaped Lisa's body, it was so desperate and animal,
  her nipples went hard and stood prominent from her chest. 
Emily slid her tongue over Lisa's body, quickly driving her friend to a state
  of arousal. Even with the way she moved, I could tell Emily's humiliation was
  incredible, maybe even more than Lisa's. I took a couple steps and stood before
  Monique. I didn't even have to tell her, the bulge in my pants was huge and
  she used her teeth to pull down my fly. She kept her hands up behind her head
  as she struggled to pull the zipper down, then, when she'd accomplished the
  one feat, she had to work hard with her tongue to get my cock to pop out. No
  sooner than she had my dick free she took the length of my shaft between her
  lips and started deep throating me. I put my hand to the back of her head and
  ran my fingers through her hair. 
Lisa started letting out quick, sharp cries as Emily reluctantly worked away
  on her friend's pussy. I loved the slurping sounds Monique made sucking my
  cock as I watched Lisa's belly start to convulse. Emily had to hold her friend's
  legs firm as they spasmed involuntarily. 
I know Monique watched the scene out of the corner of her eye, I wanted to
  thrust my finger in her pussy to see if she was getting wet, instead I savored
  the way she swallowed my cock, inching me to the back of her throat with each
  head bob she made. 
That's it baby. Emily twisted her head, surprised by my voice, she hadn't
  noticed Monique was blowing me till that moment. She looked in horror for a
  second the scene, then spread Lisa's labia with her fingers and started using
  her tongue like a penis, sinking into Lisa's pussy. 
I moved both hands to the back of Monique's head, taking hold of her hands
  I moved along with her sucking. I pushed my hips forward, making her gag when
  the head of my cock hit the back of her throat. 
I'm about to cum slut. Monique squeezed her lips even tighter on my dick.
  She started moving her head faster, taking me in deep, rubbing her tongue over
  the underside of my cock driving me to orgasm. 
Monique squeezed my hands tight in hers as my balls started pumping cum into
  her throat. I could feel her sucking hard on my dick as the sperm exploded
  into her throat. She kept bobbing her head up and down over my length, making
  sure to drain every last drop of precious cum. 
Oh God! I caressed the back of her head as she worked her mouth magically
  over my dick. I closed my eyes and moaned in pleasure as Lisa started screaming
  on the bed. It was a hollow, altered sound, with the ring gag between her teeth.
  I couldn't even watch my slave cumming, I was so much in heaven with Monique
  squeezed the head of my cock between her lips. 
It was surreal, I could hear Lisa panting and groaning on the bed, I could
  see her body shaking and trembling with orgasm, but all I could pay attention
  to was Monique's tongue running over my dick, licking every surface, taking
  my balls in her mouth and sucking hard till I thought I couldn't take anymore.
  She held my hands tight behind her head, looking up at me with those big hazel
  eyes. 
I gently pushed Monique's head off my cock. I ran my hand up under her chin. 
You're one hell of a slut! I tapped her on the forehead and took a step
  toward my girls on the bed. 
Lisa's chest was heaving, her nipples were hard and I could hear her panting
  through the ring gag in her mouth. I took Emily by the shoulders and pulled
  her back, her face was covered with her friend's juices it was so cute. 
Get next to Monique! I thrust a finger in Lisa's pussy, she was sopping
  wet and she let out a scream of pleasure as my knuckle sank in her body. 
I think you're ready. Lisa couldn't hear me as I finger fucked her pussy.
  She clamped her legs on my arm as her body bucked off the bed. She let out
  a shocked whine as I pulled my finger out of her body. 
I put my arms up under Lisa's shoulders and helped her to her feet. Her legs
  were weak as I pushed her ahead of me. 
Heel sluts. Monique and Emily fell to their hands and knees and started
  crawling behind me. I took Lisa out into the hall and leaned her against the
  wall, pussy juices ran down her thighs as I left her there and led Monique
  and Emily inside to their room. I'd added a second chain for Emily, and I clipped
  it to her collar, I locked both girls up as they knelt on the floor at my feet. 
I want you both to be ready for me when I come back, but I don't want you
  to cum, understand? There was a hurt look in Monique's eyes, she'd worked
  hard to suck my cock and seemed disappointed. Emily, she just had the same
  hurt, fearful, look in her eyes as always. 
I tapped Monique on the head. 
I'll make sure you cum later slut, you did good. I bellied up to her, rubbing
  my groin against her cheek, letting her feel the bulge of my cock against her
  skin. I thought I saw Monique smile contented as I slammed the door shut and
  took hold of Lisa's shoulders. 
I held tight to Lisa as she took tentative steps down the hall, the high heels
  she had on didn't ease her passage at all. Jim was waiting for me in the kitchen
  when I got there. 
Hey buddy. Jim stood and took hold of Lisa's nipple rings, making her yelp
  through the gag. 
God she's one hot number. He took hold of the rings in her labia and tugged
  them softly, eliciting a louder cry from Lisa. 
Is the van all ready like we'd talked about. I snapped Jim out of his revelry
  and he looked up at me. 
Yeah, it's right outside. It's perfect, I worked all day on the bastard.
  Are you ready? I grabbed Lisa by her bound wrists and pushed her out the garage
  door. Jim had pulled the van inside and we walked toward it. 
The van itself was nondescript, but that's the way we wanted it, it was painted
  dark blue and was unadorned. Jim led us around to the side doors, there were
  no windows in the back hold section, and there was a partition between the
  front and back with a door. 
I added a few features, stuff we didn't talk about, but I think you'll like
  it. Jim opened the side doors. Inside there was nothing, well, almost nothing.
  The back hold was covered in black rubber, perfect for hosing down after our
  little road trip. The only furniture was a large mattress attached to the floor,
  it too was covered in black rubber. 
Jim hopped up into the van and took hold of a hook in the ceiling. 
See, I added hooks in on the walls and roof, in case we want to tie her up
  at all? Maybe put her on display a little. I peered my head inside, there
  wasn't much to see, but it was exactly what we'd wanted. Jim had installed
  bright lights overhead that completely illuminated the inside, it was almost
  like a sunny day when they were on. 
It's perfect. And the plates? I held Lisa by the elbows, I had her lean
  inside, though she couldn't see, or hear, a thing. 
Yeah, I took care of that, phony's of course, had a friend down at the DMV
  make something up for us. I brought Tara along, hooded of course, and had her
  pay him for services rendered. Jim winked. 
I guess we're ready to go then? Jim smiled at me. 
Yep, this is going to be fun. Did you see the cameras I mounted? When he
  pointed them out I could see them fixed to the corners of the hold. There wouldn't
  be an inch of the van not caught on tape. 
I pushed Lisa belly down on the mattress, her cute ass was too inviting. I
  slid my fingers between her cheeks and made her squirm as I penetrated her
  before slamming the doors shut and hopping into the cab, Jim got into the drivers
  seat and we were off. 
The drive took forever. Neither Jim nor I wanted to risk staying too close
  to home so we hit the highway, looking for the right spot to sell Lisa's body
  for the night. 
Finally we pulled off the interstate, we'd got pretty lucky, almost immediately
  after we'd got off the road we came along what must have been the local hangout
  for the kids, it was a burger joint, the bright lights filled the dark country
  night. The florescent signs hummed along with the crickets. It seemed like
  the only place that was open for miles. 
We pulled in near where all the kids were milled about. The crowd was surprisingly
  bereft of girls, which was good for us I guess, at least for what we had planned. 
I got out of the van and headed for a group of guys hanging around a fixed
  up convertible Mustang. There were probably twenty guys standing around, drinking
  beers openly and talking about all the girls they wanted to fuck. 
It was pretty easy to see the alpha male of the bunch and I walked right up
  to him. I could feel all the eyes upon me wondering what the hell I was doing. 
How's it going? The kid just stared at me. He was typical, probably 17,
  blond haired, tall, maybe 6'4, I'd guess he was the captain of the football
  team too. 
Where are all your girls tonight? The kid didn't respond. 
Do you need some pussy? He just looked at me, trying to cast a cold, indifferent
  gaze at me, but I could see the glint of interest in his eyes. 
I've got a girl in the van I pointed to our truck, She'll fuck you all
  for $20 a head, you can fuck her as much as you want. 
What the hell are you talking about man? He tried to puff out his chest,
  trying to be as intimidating as possible, but I was having none of it, I could
  see the lust in his eyes. 
Come with me and I'll show you, then we can talk about it. I led the kid
  out from the crowd, some of the other guys tried to follow, but I told them
  to stay. 
When I opened the door to the van and the lights came on the kid, the young,
  cum filled horn dog, almost lost it. Lisa had rolled onto her side and she
  moved her head toward the door, she couldn't have heard it open, but she must
  have felt the cool night air on her naked skin when I let him have a look.
  The rings through her tits and in her pussy sparkled under the lights, it was
  probably something he'd never seen before. 
You and your friends can fuck the shit out of her, you can use her pussy,
  her ass, her mouth, just no scaring of her body. $20 a head and you can bang
  the hell out of her, she's a slut and needs dick. The kid couldn't take his
  eyes off Lisa, he didn't seem such a hard ass anymore, just a horny young kid. 
Talk to you friends, if you want to do it show me the money, we'll find a
  spot out of the way and you can go at it. I slammed the side doors shut. 
Don't think of pulling and shit, just tell me if you want her, get the money
  and you can fuck her till your dicks hurt. I left him standing there in shock
  as I climbed back in the front seat of the van. He stood for a second, then
  rushed back to his friends. 
It took maybe five minutes, only long enough for them to get together the
  money, then the kid was at my window holding out the bills begging me to let
  them at Lisa. 
Good. I counted the money and stuffed it in my pocket. 
Is there someplace out of the way where we can park, so nobody will come
  on by? I could see the lust in the kid's eyes. 
Yeah, down by the river, nobody ever goes there at night. 
Good, we'll follow you. He started toward his car, almost breaking into
  a run before I stopped him. 
Kid, don't mention a word about this to anybody, understand? It was amazing
  how different he looked now, none of the false bravado remained, just a kid
  with a hard dick. 
Yeah, yeah, no problem. I could see he wanted to run. 
I'm serious, not a word, if I find out anybody talked, I'll make you regret
  it. Make sure your friends understand. For a second I saw the fear in his
  eyes, fear and lust, what a combination. 
Follow us. His voice cracked as he desperately bolted toward his car, I
  know he wanted to fuck Lisa so bad it probably hurt. 
I don't know how they did it, but it seemed half the guys stuffed into the
  Mustang, and then the rest piled in the back of a truck. Jim backed the van
  out and started after them. In the truck bed the guys were hooting and hollering,
  excited and horny. 
The dust flew as we headed down the old dirt road, the cars in front of us
  pulled off into a clearing on the right. I could see the river running past
  just in the distance, illuminated by our headlights. 
Jim and I got out of the van, all the kids were there waiting at the side
  doors. 
Okay, I think your friend has already told you, but I don't want any of you
  talking about this. You can fuck the girl as much as you want, she needs dick,
  but you have to keep quiet. Understand? I chorus of horny kids cried out. 
Jim opened the side doors and the lights popped on. I reached inside and got
  Lisa to her feet. I undid the clip holding her wrists together and thrust my
  finger in her pussy. 
You can use her pussy, her ass, her mouth. I put my moist fingers inside
  the ring gag and pinched her tongue, pulling it out through the opening for
  a display. I looked back at the guys, they were in a state of shock seeing
  Lisa there, naked, ringed and hooded. 
I pushed Lisa back inside the van, she fell face down on the mattress. Jim
  opened the back doors of the van and stood in the shadows, watching the horny
  guys ready to pounce. 
I looked down at my watch, it was a little after 9 pm . 
You've got till 2 in the morning. I'd barely got the words out before the
  guys piled in the van. The big kid, the one I'd negotiated with, he was the
  first on Lisa. He had hold of her hips and propped her up on her hands and
  knees in a second. I heard Lisa scream as he penetrated her, ramming his dick
  home in her pussy brutally. He started pounding into her like a beast, any
  sounds she could make were quickly muffled as another kid climbed in through
  the back doors and buried his dick her in Lisa's mouth, sliding in through
  the ring gag and filling her throat. 
I wondered what Lisa was thinking, all of a sudden two dicks were in her and
  other hands pinched and slapped her body while she was being brutally fucked. 
After a few minutes I could barely see the bobbing black hood amongst the
  writhing mass of bodies. The one kid was still pumping his cock in Lisa's pussy,
  I could hear the loud slap of flesh as he took her hard. Other guys held her
  up, tugging at her nipple rings and forcing her hands around their hard cocks,
  making her stroke them as she was being filled at both ends. 
The guy using Lisa's mouth screamed out first jerking her head up and down
  over his cock as he spurted in her mouth, she had no option but to swallow
  his cum. 
The impatient queue quickly tugged the guy who'd cum out of the van, another
  kid buried his cock in her mouth before she could even react, he clamped his
  hands on the side of her head and made her gag as he thrust deep in her throat. 
I watched interested as the alpha kid shot deep in Lisa's pussy. As soon as
  he popped his dick free, another guy buried his cock in her pussy and started
  rutting her. 
The boys kept Lisa on her knees for a good hour, guy after guy filling her
  mouth and pussy. A few rammed home in her ass, the first time anybody did I
  could hear Lisa scream loud, even with the prick in her mouth it was audible.
  She wailed in pain as the dick filled her asshole. 
Even as the guys fucked her hard Lisa had to act as her own fluffer, the boys
  kept her hands locked on their dicks as they waited their turn, one or two
  blew their loads prematurely, shooting over her hands and the floor. It was
  lucky we'd covered the floor and walls in rubber, already it was a real mess. 
After the first brutal wave of kids took Lisa and drained their cum inside
  her body the initial lust was sated. Then the guys started to get more creative.
  First they had her on her back, making her lay on top of one of the boys who
  buried his dick in her, while another kid fucked her pussy, and a third took
  her mouth. I couldn't believe how fast the guys recovered. I swear I saw one
  pump his sperm into Lisa 3 times in the first couple hours. 
By the time it reached midnight the complete inside of the van was covered
  in slimy cum. Most of the guys didn't seem to care about the mess, some ran
  down to the river and hopped in the water between their turns at Lisa, who
  wasn't so lucky to be able to take a break and wash off the gooey white goo
  that was shot for her. The black hood she wore was covered and her skin shone
  with sperm. I almost wish the hood was off, so I could have seen her hair matted
  and oozing with the boys juices but I couldn't take that risk. 
Later in the night, when the action started to slow down, guys took Lisa over
  their knees and smacked her bottom till it was red. Her breasts were marked,
  and her tits were swollen from all the hands and fingers tugging, and pulling,
  on her rings. Cum seeped out of the mouth hole in the hood like drool. Even
  as young and horny as the guys were, by the end, they could barely fuck her
  anymore. The queue had waned, and one guy took her at a time, usually getting
  her on her back spreading her legs and fucking her slowly. 
Lisa's legs were splayed wide and lay limp on the mattress as one last guy
  continued to pump his cock into her pussy as the 2 AM hour came. I let him
  shoot his load into her, then shut the doors on the van. Lisa lay still on
  the mattress, covered in cum, having taken more cock in one night that most
  girls would take in a lifetime. 
I found the alpha kid, he was sitting exhausted in the front seat of the Mustang.
  The other boys sat around, totally wiped out from the evenings festivities. 
Did you have a good time? The kid just smiled up at me, I took his phone
  number, in case I wanted to let them play with Lisa again in the future. I
  made sure to tell them again not to talk, I tried to be as firm as I could,
  I needed to be careful still. It would definitely be a night none of them would
  ever forget, I knew that. 
Jim and I got in the van and headed for the highway. It had been a very successful
  night. By the time we pulled the van back in my garage, we were wiped out,
  but not so tired we couldn't heap a bit more abuse on Lisa. When I opened the
  back doors of the van she was laying on her side with her hands cupping her
  pussy. Her heels were tossed on the floor, ripped from her feet sometime in
  the gangbang. Cum was everywhere, it covered her body, it dribbled from all
  her openings and streaked the inside of the van. There were pools, and puddles,
  of sperm all over the black rubber. 
Lisa couldn't hear us with the hood on, but I'm sure she could sense the cool
  air on her body, along with the fact that the van had stopped. She was whimpering,
  waiting for the next horrible thing to happen to her. 
Let's get that hood off. I reached inside the van trying carefully to not
  get slimed with cum. I took Lisa by the shoulders and slid her across the slippery
  rubber. She was still whimpering, I could hear the hollow sound come out of
  the ring gag. She alternated between cupping her breasts and her pussy with
  her hands. 
I popped the little lock off the hood, then slowly undid the straps. Lisa
  had to squint her eyes against the light as I finally pulled the leather off
  her head. She looked a mess, cum had got inside the mouth opening and was caked
  around her lips, her face was sweaty and her hair was disheveled. She just
  looked at me with tortured eyes. 
Lets get that gag out of your mouth. I smiled, I could still see the cum
  filling her mouth, it was pooled under her tongue, in her cheeks. 
I worked the ring gag out from behind Lisa's teeth. She started coughing,
  and trying to work her jaws back to life as soon as the leather covered metal
  ring popped free from her jaw. 
I stood back, watching as Lisa started spitting up lines of cum. 
How did you like all those cocks in you? I could see the tears running down
  Lisa's face mixing with slimy white sperm that trailed from her lips. I loved
  the way the girl looked, covered in cum, her rings sparkling in the light. 
Tell me slut, did you like it? Did you count how many dicks filled your pussy,
  or your ass? I bet you wanted more, didn't you? Lisa looked up at me with
  humiliation in her eyes. 
How many guys shot in your mouth? I reached out and touched her belly. 
Can you feel all the sperm filling your stomach cunt? That's what you're
  made for, three holes for cock, I'm just sorry there weren't more guys for
  you. She squealed as I touched her swollen and aching pussy lips. 
I bet you're glad Doc gave you that little shot before he left, aren't you? Lisa
  rubbed her nipples and cried. 
Just so you know, they were all kids your age, a bunch of football players
  I think, hell, they might have been from your hometown? Maybe your old boyfriend
  fucked your ass tonight? I'm sure you never let him do that before, did you? Lisa
  sobbed louder as I chuckled, I knew she felt utterly degraded as she cupped
  her pussy with her hands. 
Look at all that cum on the floor and walls, what kind of slut are you leaving
  all that sperm to waste, go lick it up, roll around in it, get in your hair.
  I've heard it's really good for your conditioning, makes your hair nice and
  shiny!. Jim laughed behind me. Lisa didn't move an inch, she just kept her
  hands over her aching snatch. 
Go on slut, I'm fucking serious. I glared at the girl, she just looked up
  at me with tears streaming down her cheeks. 
Please! She could barely get out the world. 
Go on cunt, you're a cumslut, this is what you're for! Lisa started bawling,
  she took her hands away from her pussy and rolled in the pools of cum that
  covered the black rubber. 
Don't forget to rub it on your face, it's good for the skin! Jim and I started
  roaring in laughter as the tormented girl took a handful of cum and plastered
  it over her face. Lisa made no effort to stifle her cries as the cum rolled
  down her cheeks and chin. 
Jim and I left Lisa in the back of the van for another five minutes playing
  in the sperm, by the time we dragged her out into the garage she was literally
  covered in cum, it seeped from her pussy and ass, it was slimed on her skin,
  and sperm was matted in her hair like shampoo. 
How's that pussy feel slut? Lisa's body trembled as she stood on exhausted
  legs, cum dripping to the floor from her skin. 
Let's get you washed off bitch. Jim grabbed for Lisa's arm and started dragging
  her toward the backyard and the hose. 
Wait Jim, I forgot, I wanted to get some photo's Lisa's knees buckled and
  she would have collapsed had Jim not been there to hold her up. 
Hop back in the van babe! Lisa was sniffling and sobbing like a child, her
  weary eyes looked up at me. 
Go on! Jim pushed Lisa toward the open door. 
Get on your back and spread your legs slut, show me what all those boys were
  so eager to fuck. Lisa sobbed as I clicked off about a dozen photos. 
Stand up! Lisa struggled to her feet, she yelped as she moved. 
Spread those legs slut. Lisa whimpered as her feet sunk in the mattress,
  cum pooled around her feet. 
Open that pussy for me baby, can you still feel all the cocks that were inside
  you? Lisa looked an absolute mess, her hair was sodden with cum now, white
  lines of drying sperm streaked her belly and ran down her thighs. Lisa cried
  out as she spread her labia and cum started bubbling out of her pussy like
  a well. I was busily clicking away with the camera, recording Lisa's degradation
  in digital clarity. 
That's it baby. Lisa sobbed desperately as her fingers kept her aching pussy
  lips wide open for the camera. 
Okay, I think I've got enough, lets get you cleaned up. Lisa brought her
  hands in over her breasts and tried to cover up. Jim helped her out of the
  van and she left cum footprints on the floor as she walked. We took her out
  into the backyard. 
Smile for daddy. I turned the hose on the Lisa, she screamed as the cold
  water hit her, I could see her tits start shivering immediately. 
The faster we get this done the better. Lisa's wide eyes stared at me, pleading,
  as the cold water cascaded over her body. I could hear the dogs barking at
  the fence, eyeing the girl and wondering what was going on. 
After about five minutes Lisa seemed clean enough to bring inside. Her body
  was trembling as she dried off. 
Are you hungry? Lisa wrapped herself in the large towel and we headed through
  the kitchen, she could barely stutter out the words. 
Yes Master. Lisa kept her head downcast as we headed toward the back bedroom.
  Emily and Monique jerked to attention when I opened the door. 
Hello my sluts, how has your night been? Neither Monique or Emily spoke
  as they jerked awake, their eyes were locked in on Lisa as they held each other
  tight. 
I want you to clean her up. Lisa was still shivering like a leaf, I could
  see the gooey cum dribbling out of her pussy and ass. 
It looks like you need to wear diapers baby, all that sperm is still in you,
  wouldn't want you to make a mess. I chuckled, Lisa looked like she was going
  to start bawling again. 
Get her cleaned up, I'll bring some food down in a few minutes. I shut the
  door behind me and headed for the kitchen holding the camera in my hand, I
  couldn't wait to see how the photos turned out. I wondered what Lisa would
  tell her friends about the night she'd just experienced. 
I woke up the next morning with Emily by my side. I'd left Monique to take
  care of Lisa during the night, after they'd cleaned her up and I'd fed her. 
Emily had seemed scared when I finally hopped into bed with her, her body
  was trembling as I lay next to her and she started sucking my cock without
  me having to say a word. I think she was happy when I shot my load in her mouth
  and then cuddled up beside her, I think she thought I might do something more
  to her, because I could still feel her body shaking as I faded off to sleep. 
I climbed out of bed and attached the leash to Emily's collar and dragged
  her into the bathroom. I had her hold my dick as I took my morning piss, there
  is something so powerful about having a girl hold you when you take a leak,
  and I'm sure it made her feel utterly degraded, which only turned me on even
  more. 
I tugged gently on the leash and made Emily crawl behind me toward the kitchen.
  Jim was already sitting down drinking a big cup of coffee. 
Hey buddy, how did you sleep? I grabbed a bottle of juice from the fridge,
  then filled a bowl of water for Emily and sat down at the table. 
Pretty good, had my favorite girl keeping me warm. I tapped Emily on the
  head, she was busy lapping away at the water, her face was beet red with shame
  as her nose dipped in the bowl. 
Where's Tara ? Emily's ass wiggled as she drank down the water, she must
  have been a thirsty little girl. 
Oh, I chained her out in the back so she could do her business. Jim took
  a long, slow, drink from his coffee, I could see he was savoring the brew as
  he started the day. 
I've got to take off buddy, got to go check in at the garage, those boys
  are probably out of control by now. 
Yeah, I hate to see you go. I loved the taste of the ice cold juice, it
  was so refreshing. 
Stop by whenever, I mean it. These girl's, they're incredible, we'll have
  to get them all to play together. I ran my hand over Emily's smooth back,
  her muscles twitched under my touch. She kept her eyes on the floor, she was
  on all fours after licking up the bowl of water. She was probably wondering
  what torment I had in mind for her next. 
Yeah, definitely. I stole a few of your toys to use on Tara , I hope you
  don't mind? Jim winked at me as he stood up, he walked over to the sink and
  put his mug in the dishwasher. I got up and set the juice on the counter. 
Stay here slut. Emily looked up at me with moist eyes, she dropped down
  on her haunches and sat on the floor. 
Yes Master. She didn't look up at me, and I could hear her voice break ever
  so slightly as she responded. 
I walked with Jim out the back door. The dogs were going crazy, barking and
  jumping against their fenced in enclosure. Tara was sitting in the morning
  sun, she blushed as she saw us, her nose ring was attached to one of the long
  chains I sometimes used for the dogs, the heavy steel tugged down hard and
  Tara kept low to the ground trying to relieve the strain. 
Did you do your business? Tara got into a kneeling position as Jim and I
  moved close. 
Yeettthhhh Mattthhhhsteeer. Tara eyed me, I could see the shame in her face. 
Are you ready to go then slut? I could see her face twitch ever so slightly. 
Yeettthhhh Mattthhhhsteeer. Jim bent down and removed the heavy dog chain
  from Tara 's nose, he then clipped one of the shorter leashes Doc had brought
  to her tongue ring and tugged on it softly. 
It's time to go. We started toward the house, Tara crawled behind us on
  her hands and knees, I could see her grimace as she moved over sharp rocks
  and pebbles. 
Emily sat up at attention as she heard us enter the house. Tara and Emily
  eyed one another, but neither girl made a sound as Tara crawled past out into
  the garage, pulled along by the leash clipped to her tongue. 
Jim lifted Tara up into the cab of his truck, he made her get down on the
  floorboards and curl up in a ball. I could see Jim's bags piled in the back
  already. 
Keep me updated on the shop. I shook Jim's hand. 
Yeah, yeah, I'll give you a call this afternoon to tell you how everything
  is going. Jim smacked Tara on the ass, she looked up, her rings shining in
  the bright sunshine. 
Once I get this girl settled at my place I'll head into the shop. I could
  see the tears running down Tara 's face. 
Well, have a good one, thanks for all your help. Jim tilted his head to
  the side. 
Don't thank me man, Thank You, thanks for the girl, thanks for everything. I
  could feel myself start to blush a little. 
We'll have to take Lisa out again one of these nights. Jim hopped up into
  the cab and started his truck. 
Yeah, there are lots of things we've got to do. Jim popped the truck into
  gear and started backing down the drive, his arm was out the window waving
  goodbye, I was sad to see him go, but I know he wouldn't be away for long. 
I waved goodbye as Jim pulled away and realized that my dick was aching again.
  I started back into the house, wondering what to do next. 
To Be Continued 
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com 
Chapter Eleven 
I walked back into the kitchen after seeing Jim off, Emily was still there
  kneeling, the chain of her leash fell over her breasts and looked so very pretty.
  There was a blank look in her eyes, I think it was someplace between fear and
  relief now that Jim was gone, I know he scared her, a lot. 
Hello slut. I stood over Emily. 
I've got you all to myself now, aren't you happy? I ran my hand through
  her hair, I could see her nipples quivering ever so slightly. 
What should we do now? My dick was rising in my pants, I knew she could
  see it. 
I think we need to do some cleaning today, look at this floor, it's a mess. Emily
  didn't look up at me, her eyes were lowered and her body trembled. 
Don't you think? Emily still didn't respond. 
I think we should go get Monique and have you two clean the floor. Then maybe
  we'll move onto the bathroom and you can clean the toilet bowls too, with a
  toothbrush, till they're spotless. I smiled at Emily, she just stared back
  at me, her lips twitching ever so slightly. 
I want it sparkling like new slut, understand? I grabbed Emily's nipples
  and twisted them, tugging them softly until she groaned. 
Don't worry, I've got a nice idea, something to keep you occupied while you
  clean. I've got this long, thick, double ended dildo, I'm going to stuff it
  in your pussy, and then put the other end in Monique, I'll strap you two together
  and you can both clean the floor. Emily started whimpering, her breasts shuddered
  as she took deep breaths trying to stifle her sobs. 
So why don't you stay right here while I go get Monique. The tears started
  falling down Emily's cheeks. I cupped her chin and lifted her eyes too look
  into mine. 
I'll even be nice, why don't you rub that pussy and get yourself all wet
  and ready for the big dildo while I'm gone. I put my thumb in her mouth like
  she was sucking on a cock. 
Lick me baby, I'll get you started. I felt Emily's tongue on my finger,
  she wasn't making any effort to cover up her crying as she sucked on my thumb. 
That's it babe, lets see how you like this. I reached between Emily's parted
  thighs and thrust my moist thumb up into her pussy, she let out a grunt of
  discomfort as I forced my large finger inside her cunt and started to move
  around in her pussy. 
How do you like that slut? Emily moaned as I violated her in a yet a new
  way. 
I pulled my finger out with a pop, then put it in her mouth. 
Can you taste your pussy on me cunt? Emily reluctantly moved her tongue
  over my finger, lapping up her own juices. 
I want you to rub that pussy hard when I'm gone so you're nice and wet when
  I get back. I pulled my thumb from her mouth and got to my feet. 
God your such a sexy little slave! I tapped Emily on the head and then went
  off for Monique, I could hear her crying as I left. 
Monique didn't fight me at all as I dragged her into the kitchen. Emily was
  rubbing away at her pussy when we walked into the room, I could see she was
  getting into it, I could hear her panting and her hips were moving in little
  circles. She had one hand between her thighs and the other was at her breasts,
  squeezing, and pinching her nipples. She had her eyes closed and didn't notice
  our presence right when we entered, then she must have heard us she pulled
  her fingers away from her pussy and stared at up at us. 
Don't stop slut! I want that pussy nice and wet! I had Monique by the hair
  and pushed her to her knees next to Emily. 
Go on, get yourself ready too. I could see the lust in Monique's eyes, but
  there was still a reticence, and embarrassment, that made her hesitant. 
Go on. Monique looked over at Emily, for an instant they exchanged glances,
  then Monique looked back at me and started rubbing her clit. 
I grabbed the double ended dildo and held it up for the girls to see. 
You two are going to clean this floor, it's disgusting. Emily was panting,
  her face was red with shame but her index finger kept delving deeper and deeper
  into her pussy. Monique's nipples were already hard and she had a needy expression
  in her eyes. 
I grabbed for Emily's hair and tugged her toward me, she let out a groan of
  disappointment as I pulled her hand away from her pussy. 
On your hands and knees slut! Emily looked up at me with her pleading eyes
  as she fell to the floor, her palms flat on the wood, her chest still heaving
  as she was breathing hard. 
This'll fill you up. I pushed the long dildo deep into Emily's body, she
  moaned as the thick shaft started easing into her, she bent forward, groaning
  as the huge dildo went deeper and deeper. I could see her pussy convulse as
  the massive rubber pole spread her wide and sunk into her snatch. 
That's it baby. I ran my hand over Emily's ass, her body was twitching as
  she started crying once again. 
Get your ass over here bitch. I snapped my fingers at Monique, there was
  a little hint of fear in her eyes. 
Wrap your pussy around the other end of that dildo cunt. Monique looked
  at me with shock as I pointed to the long rubber shaft that jutted from Emily's
  sex. 
Get your useless hole around that dildo, now! Monique looked at me, I don't
  know if it was dejection, or shame, but there was an odd expression on her
  face. 
Monique put her hand between her legs and spread her labia, she slowly eased
  the head of the large dildo inside her pussy, till she was ass to ass with
  Emily and the long pole was buried inside her sex. 
That's beautiful. I stood back and admired the image, Monique and Emily
  were connected together, I could see both of them shifting uncomfortably as
  the long dildo filled them, it was gorgeous. 
I dropped to my knees and started running my hands over their bodies, I loved
  their smooth, young skin, and the way they jerked under my touch. I grabbed
  for a pair of leather straps I had laying on the floor, I wrapped the first
  one around their thighs and snugged the leather tight, buckling it place so
  the two were bound together, the dildo deep within each of their bodies. I
  wound the second strap around their legs making sure they wouldn't go anywhere,
  I stood back and watched as Monique and Emily squirmed in the uncomfortable,
  lewd, position. 
Isn't that sweet. Monique and Emily looked back at one another. 
How does that feel? Is the dildo big enough for you? I bent down and grabbed
  Emily by the hair, I twisted her head up to look at me. 
Can you feel Monique's pussy juices dripping into your snatch you little
  slut? Emily just groaned and took her eyes off of mine. 
Come on slut, squeeze that pussy, drive your hips back so Monique can feel
  that dildo sliding in her cunt. I let go of Emily's hair and got to my feet. 
I guess it's time to put you sluts to work, I want this floor spotless. I
  went and grabbed two buckets of soapy water from the laundry room and set them
  in front of the girls, I handed them each a bristled brush. 
I want this to look perfect, otherwise I'll make you start again, and then
  I'll stand over you with a crop to make sure it's done right! I reached under
  Emily's body and pinched her nipple. 
Maybe next time I'll add clips to your tits, then you'll really be connected. Emily
  was whimpering as Monique ground her hips against Emily's ass, working the
  dildo in her pussy. 
That's it slut. Monique couldn't help it, I could see the utter humiliation
  on her face as she looked up at me, but she couldn't help but fuck the object
  in her pussy. 
Get to work! Emily stared over at me, I think hoping I was joking about
  cleaning the floor, Monique was moaning, her hips were moving against her friend's
  pussy trying to work the long shaft deeper in her snatch. 
I said get to work! Monique turned her head to me, I could see the desperate
  need in her eyes. She reluctantly picked up the brush and started scrubbing
  away at the floor, Emily was still whimpering as she started to clean. 
I sat down in my chair, Coke in hand, and watched as Monique and Emily scrubbed
  away at the floor. I loved the way they squealed when the one moved while the
  other wasn't ready. 
It took maybe a half hour before I couldn't take it anymore. The girls were
  sweaty, their breasts were hanging, nipples scraping against the floor as they
  cleaned, it made such an erotic sight I couldn't help it. I loved the way their
  hair was stringy with cleaning water and perspiration. 
I got up and grabbed Monique by the hair. 
Open up slut! I really didn't have to tell her twice, Monique opened her
  mouth and took my cock in. I grabbed for the back of her head and made her
  gag as I forced the head of my cock to the back of her throat. I could hear
  her choking as I took clumps of hair in my hands and started brutally fucking
  her mouth, her throat convulsed on my cock as I rammed home again and again. 
That's it cunt, make me cum! I could see Monique's hips driving back as
  she bucked against Emily's body, fucking the dildo shared between their pussies.
  Saliva bubbled around my dick as Monique struggled to take me in as I slammed
  my prick in her mouth. 
At the last second, just before I was about to blow my load, I pulled my dick
  out and pointed the head of my cock at Monique's face. There was a look of
  shock for an instant in her eyes, then my cock started spurting, a thick jet
  of sperm plastered her right in the middle of the forehead and up into her
  hair. Again and again my dick kept pumping, shooting cum on her face in little
  rivulets. 
Oh God. I started jerking my cock with my hand, forcing every last drop
  of sperm out, covering Monique's features with thick, gooey, cum. 
That's it cunt, how do you like that cum on your face! I dick slapped her
  across the cheek, Monique had her tongue out trying to lick my cock as I smacked
  her. 
Tell me what you are bitch! I slapped Monique across the cheek, I was so
  horny and turned on, I loved the way she looked so sweaty and disheveled. 
I'm cock whore Master. Monique was driving her hips back into Emily's, the
  huge dildo stuffed in their cunts filling them up. 
I grabbed Monique by the hair and arched her head back so she was looking
  up at me, messy lines of cum were splattered across her face, milky white beads
  speckled her hair. 
I love seeing my cum on you slut! Monique was panting, she was grinding
  her hips against Emily. 
Can this slut cum Master, please! Monique was almost whining as she begged
  me to let her cum, her tongue was out, wagging like a dog in heat. 
Please Master! I arched Monique's head back further and stared her in the
  eyes. 
Yes cunt, you can cum. I let go of her hair, Monique lowered her chest to
  the ground and started rubbing her nipples against the hard floor, her hips
  slammed back into Emily, I could hear the slap of flesh as their bodies came
  together repeatedly. 
Oh God, I'm a cock whore Master, Oh my God! I'm cumming! Monique screamed,
  she kept her hands planted on the floor as she scraped her breasts against
  the wood. Emily was crying as Monique brutally fucked the dildo shared between
  their pussies. 
It took a good two or three minutes before Monique calmed down, her body was
  trembling like a leaf and she held her head low, gently pushing her nipples
  along the wooden floor. 
Monique looked up at me when I snapped my fingers, there was the slightest
  hint of red in her face, my sperm was slowly dripping down her forehead and
  into her eyes. 
Thank you for cumming on my face Master, I need your cum always. She ran
  her tongue over her lips trying to get the sperm that was slowly dripping down
  her pretty features. 
Get back to work. I zipped up and started into the other room, I collapsed
  on the couch and flipped on the TV. 
It took a good hour for the two to finish on the kitchen floor, then I set
  them immediately on the bathrooms. I had to separate my lovely pair, but that
  was all right, they'd put on a good show already. 
By the time Monique and Emily were done cleaning it had been a long day, well,
  not for me at least, I didn't really do anything, just watched my sluts at
  work. It was really such a beautiful sight watching them move around the room,
  locked together in their lewd display, the huge double ended cock filling each
  of their pussy'sit was something I'd have to make a regular event around the
  house. 
After their long day on their knees I let the girls clean themselves up. I
  did move the three cages I kept the girls in into the closet in my room, it
  was a perfect fit, side by side the three metal frames sat inside, and now
  I could close the door if I needed to, secreting them away from sight. 
I woke up the next morning to the sound of Monique's moaning, she'd been crying
  out all night long, I guess I couldn't blame her the way I had her tied. She'd
  been getting a little too aggressive with the way she was begging of me to
  fuck her and make her cum, after all, she was my slave, and I needed to teach
  her about who was in charge of her pleasure from now on. 
Emily's eyes softly fluttered open as she felt me move again. I'd fucked her
  two times in the night already, rolling her on her back, spreading her thighs
  and just sliding in her tight, inviting, pussy. Each time she woke with a yelp
  of surprise as my dick filled her. I'd locked a chain to her collar and clipped
  it off to the headboard before I went to bed, not that she was going anyplace,
  I just liked keeping her like that, to let her know she had no rights of movement,
  that she was my slave and that was it. 
Emily was starting to learn her lessons a bit, but she had a ways to go still.
  At least now after she felt me pump my dick into her pussy she would wrap her
  arms around my back and lock her ankles together over my rocking hips, holding
  on tight like a good slut. 
I'd left the light on all night long so Monique could see me taking her friend
  while she was mounted on the little ottoman off the side of the bed. I wanted
  to torment her, I had her hogtied, her wrists were up behind her back, her
  ankles were pulled up and roped so she had to arch her hips and chest up off
  the little stool, I'm sure it wasn't very comfortable, but I didn't much care.
  I'd found among the toys I'd bought a little contraption that fit into her
  nostrils, it made her lift her head up even more when I put the rubber coated
  points in her nose and tied the other ends off to her big toes. It almost made
  her look like a little piggy it was so cute. 
I loved the feel of Emily under me, her legs bucking off my hips as I fucked
  her again, her tight pussy squeezing me as she groaned in a mixture of humiliation
  and arousal. She was still fighting the feelings, but I knew her body was starting
  to belie her. With every new orgasm I brought her too, the more she was mine. 
I could see the look of envy and pain in Monique's eyes as I fucked Emily
  again, I could hear the buzzing echoing through the room from between her legs.
  I had a vibrating dildo stuffed in her pussy, and then a high speed vibrator
  pushed against her clit. Both were powered by cords so I hadn't had to worry
  about the batteries running out during the night, the vibrators made Monique
  moan and cry throughout as she orgasmed over and over again. 
Each time I came in Emily's pussy during the night I made her suck my cock
  clean after as I watched Monique's body trembled and shake as the vibrators
  did there job. Monique couldn't articulate any words with the bit gag pulled
  back between her teeth, but she could still scream when her body was rocked
  with orgasm after orgasm. One might think it would have been distracting when
  you're trying to sleep to have a slave girl groaning and crying out all night
  long, but let me tell you, it's not, well, other than making me need to fuck
  my other slave more often, but that's not too bad a problem to have. 
I started slamming my hips into Emily's body, burying my dick deep in her
  pussy, I was about to cum again. I watched as Monique's eyes glazed over, her
  body was jerking and spasming, straining at the bonds that held wrists and
  ankles in such an awkward position. 
Emily yelped as I squeezed her tight, I know she could feel my cock pulsing,
  ready to fill her with my sperm once again. 
I'm going to cum slut! I bucked hard against Emily's pelvis, driving her
  hips down into the bed, forcing my cock deep inside her, making her pussy throb
  with the penetration. 
Beg me for my cum slut! There was as grimace on Emily's face as I fucked
  her, she grunted each time my dick rammed home in her pussy, filling her painfully.
  I grabbed for the back of her head and tugged hard on her hair. 
Tell me slut!!! She let out a wail of pain as I ripped at her scalp. 
Cum in my pussy Master! The tears dribbled down Emily's cheeks as she spit
  out the words. 
What else cunt? I glared down at her as I slammed home in her body. 
I'm just a hole for your cock Master. Emily started sobbing as she forced
  out the words. My balls started pumping sperm into her hot little pussy. I
  thrust my dick in her cunt, shooting my cum in her snatch in powerful little
  spurts. I held her tight, crushing her breasts against my chest so hard I could
  feel her crying underneath me. 
That's it slut! I eased my dick to the hilt in her pussy, savoring the feel
  of her vaginal muscles convulsing around me. 
That's it baby! I slowly rocked my hips inside her, letting the final drops
  of cum seep into her body. I lifted up off her chest just enough to look into
  her eyes, she was sobbing, her lips quivering. 
Tell me what you are bitch. Emily couldn't look me in the eyes, her body
  quivered beneath me. 
I'm your slave Master, just three holes for you to put your cock in. I felt
  her pussy tremble ever so slightly as my dick was still impaled in her body,
  she was sobbing out of control. 
Good girl. I eased my penis out of her tight cunt and rolled onto my back,
  I could feel Emily's skin against mine as she lay absolutely still next to
  me. 
I reached out and put my hand over her pussy, I found her clit and rubbed
  it between my fingers. 
You're a good girl. I lay there exhausted and spent, loving the feel of
  Emily's little nub between my fingers. 
After I finally got the energy to get up off the bed I moved toward where
  Monique was bound on the ottoman. She tried to look up at me, her eyes pleading
  with me to let her go. I ran my hand over her back, her muscles were hard and
  strained. 
I hope you had a good nights sleep slut? Monique just moaned, her muscles
  were twitching and trembling on the verge of cramping. 
I pulled the looped cord from around Monique's toes, she groaned loud as I
  pulled the small brackets from her nose. I loved the look in her eyes, the
  despair, somewhere between relief and need. 
I rubbed my hand against Monique's tense muscles, her back twitched, her arms
  were corded and taut from the hogtie position. 
Monique started whining, whimpering desperately as I started untying the ropes
  that held her arms and legs behind her back. She let out a scream as I loosened
  the knots and her body slowly came out of the painful arch she'd been kept
  in, her breasts and hips touched the ottoman for the first time in hours and
  hours. Drool ran in strings from Monique's gagged mouth. 
Is that better slut? I smacked Monique on the ass hard, she squealed, but
  I think more because her muscles started to throb and cramp up than from the
  blow of my hand. 
I undid the buckle behind her head and wedged the bit gag from between Monique's
  aching jaws, she coughed and sputtered but didn't speak. 
I stepped forward and thrust my hardening dick in Monique's saliva filled
  mouth, I grabbed for her hair and held her lips on my dick. 
You're my slave, remember that. I pushed the head of my cock in her mouth
  until she gagged, Emily was on the bed, her eyes were locked on the scene,
  she was laying on her back with her legs spread wide just as I'd left her,
  cum slowly dribbling from her pussy while her nipples were hard and erect.
  She had the same scared look on her face as she always did, her eyes were moist
  from crying after being raped once again. 
Monique groaned and I pumped my dick in her mouth making her gag again. 
You're mine, your body is mine, and you'll get fucked whenever I feel like
  it, remember that! You'll cum when I want you to and that's it! I pulled my
  dick free from her mouth, drool hung from my cock like gleaming string. I ran
  my prick through Monique's soft, luscious, hair till I was dry, then I started
  untying her wrists and ankles. Her limbs feel limp over the little stool, her
  muscles aching and sore. 
Get on your knees slut! Monique whimpered, her eyes looked up at me as she
  rolled onto the floor with a thud. 
Monique sobbed as she tried to work her stiff muscles back into life and get
  to her knees. Her whole body shook when she managed to kneel and put her hands
  behind her head. 
You, get over here! I pointed to Emily, her eyes went wide and I could see
  the trepidation in her stare. 
Emily closed her legs gingerly and slid off the bed. She knelt down next to
  Monique and put her hands up behind her head. 
Go get the shower ready for me, and then, after I'm done, I want you to clean
  one another. Emily took just the slightest dip backwards as I moved close
  to her and put my hand under her chin. Her puppy dog eyes stared up at me as
  I lifted her head. 
We're going on a little trip. I could almost see the tears starting to well
  as I spoke. 
It's time to visit Jim and see how Tara is doing. I could almost feel Emily's
  heart beating faster as I grinned at her and let go of her chin. 
Go on, get in the shower you two, you know how I like it. Emily helped Monique
  to her feet and wrapped her arm around her friend as they shuffled toward the
  shower. The pair were so beautiful to see I couldn't help watching them with
  lust filled eyes as they disappeared into the bathroom. 
I took an extra long time in the shower. My balls were aching after having
  fucked Emily so many times during the night. I loved the way the girls knelt
  on the tile, the water cascading over their faces as they rubbed me down with
  sponges and brushes, cleaning every inch of my skin, they were becoming quite
  good at it. 
After I was done with my shower I left the girls in to clean themselves. I'd
  decided that a visit to Jim's was in order for the day, but I wasn't going
  to take them both, just Emily. I really wanted to see Jim, but to be perfectly
  honest, I wanted to see Tara even more. I knew I couldn't have handled keeping
  all 5 girls myself, but that didn't mean I didn't miss them when they were
  gone. 
Lisa was still bent over one of the chairs in the kitchen as I walked in.
  Her ass was still a more pink than the rest of her body. I ran my hand over
  her skin as I stood next to her making her wiggle her ass, but she couldn't
  say much with the ball gag in her mouth. 
Good morning cunt. I thrust a finger in her pussy, making her whole body
  jerk to life. 
Do you think you need another paddling this morning like last night? Lisa
  groaned and shook her head side to side. 
Let me make some breakfast and think it over, maybe I'll let you off this
  time, but I sure like seeing your ass nice and red from the wood. Lisa let
  out a high pitched wail of protest, but I moved to the other side of the room,
  indifferent to her pleadings. 
After I finished with my meal I reluctantly untied Lisa, she fell to her knees
  and hugged my leg like a grateful animal. Her pierced nipples shuddered as
  she held me tight. 
Grab some food for your friends! The smallest little tear trailed down over
  Lisa's cheek as she let go of my leg and got gingerly to her feet. We carried
  the trays of food I'd put together toward the bedroom for the other girls. 
Monique and Emily were kneeling on the floor waiting for us when we walked
  in. After Lisa and I handed them their trays the girls ate in silence. I'd
  already finished my breakfast in the kitchen, but I was still hungry and stole
  some more eggs and sausage from the girls. They didn't protest, but then again,
  how could they, they were my property 
Slave. I pointed at Lisa. Take these dishes into the kitchen and put them
  into the washer., then get back here and into position! Lisa struggled to
  her feet, her legs were still sore from the night bent over the chair. I don't
  know how much sleep she could have gotten bound as she was, but had she behaved,
  I wouldn't have needed to punish her in the first place. 
I laid back on the bed, I pulled Emily and Monique in close to me, I loved
  having my little harem of girls to serve me, I loved every second of it. 
Monique let out a gentle sigh as I took hold of her nipple ring and tugged
  on her flesh. Her skin was so soft and smooth, with just the slightest hint
  of moisture still remaining from the shower. 
Lisa came back in the room, she kept her head lowered and I could see the
  abject humiliation in the way she moved. She fell to the floor on her knees
  right in front of the bed putting her hands up behind her head. 
Okay, time to get moving. I stood up and loomed over the girls. 
Get over on your belly, kneel on the edge of the bed, I've got a treat for
  you. I pointed to Emily, she gave me the same timid, scared, look as always,
  then she rolled over the side of the bed, knees off the ground, feet resting
  on the floor. She spread her leg's wide, I'm sure thinking I was going to fuck
  her once again. 
I walked over to the dresser and pulled a bottle of lube from the drawer and
  a butt plug that had a fuzzy tail attached. 
Emily looked back at me as I moved toward her again, I handed Monique the
  lube and the plug. 
Isn't it so cute, a tail for my little pet. Monique stared down at the object
  in her hands, almost in horror. 
Go on, grease it up, I want you to stuff that in Emily's ass. I could see
  the twitch of disgust in Emily's cheek as Monique started pouring the thick
  liquid over the black, tapered plug. 
I needed only to nod at Monique to get her to move after she had the plug
  lubed up. She leaned over Emily's lower back, pinning her friend to the mattress
  as she spread Emily's ass cheeks with her long, delicate, fingers. I could
  hear Emily whimper and I saw her grip the linens in her hands as Monique started
  working the tip of the plug in her sphincter. Emily's cries got louder and
  louder as Monique pushed the bulbous head of the plug further and further into
  her ass. Monique was being as gentle as she could, but she had to push hard
  to force the plug inside Emily's tight ring. 
With one final pop Emily squealed as the plug sunk into her ass, the long
  fuzzy tail jutted from her body, making her look like a little puppy. 
God that's hot! I ran my hand over Emily's smooth skin, she was sobbing,
  looking back at me and the tail stuck in her ass. 
Monique rubbed Emily's back, trying to ease her friend's humiliation and pain,
  but it wasn't working, Emily continued to cry and shift her ass side to side
  in obvious discomfort. 
You two, go get in your cages. Monique and Lisa looked up at me, confused
  for an instant, then they crawled toward the metal cages. Once inside they
  closed the doors, looking up at me with uncertainty at what I was going to
  do next. 
Good girls. I stood over the cages and locked the doors shut, sealing them
  in. I loved the way they looked up at me, that glint of fear filling in their
  eyes. 
I suppose you'll both want to nap a little, you had hard nights. I smiled
  at Monique and Lisa, they were still kneeling on their haunches, hands placed
  flat on the ground. 
I turned away from Monique and Lisa and moved toward Emily, she was still
  bent over the edge of the bed, her butt wiggling ever so gently, I'm sure the
  plug in her ass wasn't very comfortable and when she moved the tail swayed
  side to side adding to her humiliation. I clipped a leash to her collar and
  dragged her to her hands and knees. 
Come on pet. I tugged on the leash getting her to move. 
Why don't you lead, I want to see that pretty little tail! I chuckled out
  loud, Emily just hung her head low, her long hair hung prettily as she crawled
  in front of me out of the bedroom. I still had a few things to take care of
  before we headed off to Jim's. 
I had some bills to pay and paper work that needed to be done so I pulled
  Emily into the den. I loved the way the tail jutted from her ass, if my dick
  wasn't aching so bad I think I would have just fucked her right in the hallway,
  but instead I led her to my desk, she stopped and waited on all fours as I
  sat in my big leather chair. 
Go head, lay down slut. Emily didn't know what to do, she stared up at me,
  her sweet eyes looking for more direction. 
Go on. Emily looked confused as she moved around in a little circle, then
  collapsed on the floor in heap, it was so cute, she almost looked like a real
  little dog as she curled into a ball on the thick carpet. She pulled her legs
  in close to her body and wrapped her arms around her knees as she stared up
  at me. 
Good girl. I bent over and rubbed her hair, almost petting her. 
I've got some things to take care of, it won't take long, just be quiet. 
I started working away at the pile of mail and papers on my desk, I'd been
  putting them off since I'd captured my little harem. Emily held her knees to
  her chest and lay quietly on the floor. 
I don't know how long it took, but we were there for a good hour or two, occasionally
  I'd look down and see my little girl on the floor, curled in a ball, her eyes
  locked on mine, I wondered what she was thinking, she was so beautiful. 
Okay, I think I'm done. I pushed the chair back and grabbed for Emily's
  leash. 
How'd you like to get some sun, it's a beautiful day out. Emily got to her
  hands and knees as I pulled softly on her leash. She had the most gorgeous
  breasts, and I loved the way her nipples stood hard and erect most of the time. 
I led Emily out onto the back porch, almost immediately the dogs raced towards
  us, I could feel Emily press close to me, almost wrapping her body around my
  legs for protection. The dogs barked, and hopped, around playfully, Spike pressed
  his wet nose into Emily's pussy making her squeal as he sniffed at her. Shadow
  nipped at the tail dangling from Emily's ass. 
MASTER, please! Emily wrapped her arms around my hips trying to get away
  from the wet, exploring, nose of Spike. 
Down Spike, Shadow, get down, sit! The dogs looked up at me with odd expressions
  on their faces, then dropped contentedly to the porch and laid down next to
  my chair. 
Good boys. I sat down, Emily's body was shaking like a leaf, unintentionally
  making her tail wag and making her look so damn hot. 
Sit. I tapped Emily on the head. The tears started again as she sat next
  to the chair. The dogs stared at her, their tongues hanging out as they panted.
  Emily sat down, her body still trembling. 
Good Girl. I sat back in my chair and let the bright sun warm me, I could
  see Emily's body shuddering with fear as she watched the dogs intently. 
The weather was perfect, not to warm, not to cold. The sun was high in the
  sky and felt wonderful on my skin. It was probably somewhere in the high 70's
  and no humidity, which was nice. There was the most pleasant little breeze
  coming from the west. 
I almost dozed off to sleep, my eyes were shut and I was almost out when the
  sound of the phone ring broke me from my reverie. 
Hello. The dogs jumped to attention as I answered the phone, I could feel
  Emily sit up uncomfortably to my right as I heard Jim on the other end of the
  line. 
Hey Jim, how's it going? Emily moved nervously at my side. 
How's Tara ? I ran my hand through Emily's hair. 
Yeah, I'm planning on coming over today. I rubbed Emily's shoulder's, her
  muscles were tight and full of tension. 
I think I might bring Emily if you don't mind, it might be fun. I felt her
  start to shudder under mouth touch. 
Yeah, what, about 3. Emily turned and looked up at me with her sweet, timid,
  eyes. 
That'll be great. I've missed Tara , she is one feisty girl. I snapped my
  fingers, at first Emily didn't know what I wanted her to do, but then I think
  she saw the bulge in my pants. I saw the look of despair in her eyes as she
  crawled between my legs and undid my fly, my dick was already hard as she closed
  her lips around my cock. Emily put her hands on my thighs and started sucking
  my prick as I continued to talk with Jim on the phone. 
Emily tried her best to deep throat me, I could feel the head of my cock at
  the back of her throat as she started to gag. I put my hand on the back of
  her head and gently ran my fingers through her hair as she started bobbing
  up and down on my dick. I loved the slurping sounds Emily made as she worked
  away at my prick, taking me in her mouth as far as she could. 
Yeah, she's getting better, more obedient, if fact she's got her lips wrapped
  around my cock right now. I saw Emily blush as her eyes looked up at me, her
  mouth was locked on my dick, sliding up and down my over my shaft. I knew she
  was utterly humiliated, and I loved it. 
OOOOOOHHHHHHH SHHIIITTTTT. My cock started spurting in Emily's mouth. I
  felt her clamp her lips down and start sucking on the head of my prick, trying
  to drain the sperm from my dick as quick as possible. I could feel my cum blasting
  in her mouth as she grabbed for my balls and started working me gently, making
  me pump the last few drops into her throat. She kept her lips locked on my
  cock, even after I finally stopped cumming. 
Yeah, I'll see you at three. I could barely get out the words, my dick was
  aching, and so sensitive. I felt a wave of contentment, and lethargy, come
  over me as I hung up the phone, I ran my fingers through Emily's hair as she
  kept her mouth locked on my cock, keeping a gentle suction on my waning member. 
Good girl. I pushed away the hair from Emily's eyes, I loved the way she
  looked up at me, her lips still clamped on my shaft. 
Very good girl! Emily moved her tongue over my dick as she held me in her
  mouth. 
We're going to go visit Jim and Tara today, aren't you happy? I could see
  the uncertainty and fear in her eyes as I lifted her head off my dick. 
Come on, let's go make lunch, and then we'll get ready. I got to my feet,
  my legs were a little weary from the awesome blowjob my little girl just gave
  me, but I managed. I pulled softly on Emily's leash, she moved close to me,
  pressing her sweet body against my legs as the dogs got up and started sniffing
  at her again. 
Get away Shadow. I pushed Emily forward, she crawled along, the fuzzy tail
  swinging side to side. The dogs jumped around, barking and howling like mad,
  interested by the girl with the tail stuffed in her ass crawling on the floor. 
Get down Spike. Emily screamed as the big dog tried to hop on her back.
  I pushed Spike away and he ran ahead into the house, Shadow followed quickly
  behind, his head turned back, tongue wagging. Emily looked up at me, I could
  see the terror in her eyes knowing the dog was trying to mount and fuck her. 
Don't worry baby, I'm not going to let him take you, maybe I'll let him lick
  your pussy some night, but you'd probably like that. I smiled sadistically
  at the girl and pulled her into the kitchen. 
I had Emily help me make up lunch, I even let her get off her knees and stand
  at the counter, more me than her though, I loved the way the tail plug looked
  in her ass. 
After lunch I just laid on the bed with all my little sluts around me. Monique
  was desperate and I decided to be generous, I had Lisa lick her pussy till
  she came. I held Emily in my arms as we watched the two girls go at it. I knew
  Emily was nervous, knowing we were going to leave for Jim's place soon, I could
  feel her shaking in my grasp, Jim scared her, that was obvious, and I kind
  of liked it. 
Okay, time to get ready I guess. Monique and Lisa were holding each other,
  not willingly I'm sure, but they held each other tight, breast against breast
  and hands on each others pussies rubbing away. 
I got up off the bed and went into the front room for just a minute to pick
  up some new toys. When I got back the girls were watching me intently. 
Hello sluts, I'm back. I grinned at the girls'. Did you miss me?. I'd
  hardly been gone for five minutes. 
Me and Emily are going to go visit Tara today? Is there anything you want
  me to tell her for you? I chuckled a little and held up the black leather
  hood for Emily to see. 
Got to get you ready for the trip, wouldn't want anybody to see that pretty
  face of yours. I snapped my fingers and pointed at Monique, she scrambled
  to her knees on the floor in front of the me. 
I need you to help me. I handed Monique the penis gag that was designed
  to fit inside the hood Emily was going to wear. Unlike the hood Lisa had had
  on during her little road trip gangbang, this one had openings for the eyes
  and ears, I tossed it down on the bed next to Emily. 
I tapped Monique on the shoulder, she climbed on the bed and lifted the penis
  gag toward Emily's mouth. 
Open up slut! Emily shook her head side to side, I could see her eyes were
  moist. 
Ugh Oh, is my little Emily being a bad girl? Emily sniffled and kept her
  jaws locked tight. 
I want you to pinch her nipples till she opens up, use your nails if you
  have to. Monique didn't hesitate to do my bidding, she set the gag down on
  the mattress and took hold of Emily's breasts. Monique's nails weren't very
  long, but they were long enough, she buried them in the flesh of Emily's nipples
  and pinched hard. Emily opened her mouth and let out scream of pain as tears
  streamed down her cheeks. 
That's better slut. Keep that mouth open! Emily was sobbing, Monique picked
  up the penis gag, it was maybe 3 or 4 inches long and quite thick, it would
  fill Emily's mouth nicely, there was a narrow portion that went between her
  teeth, while the thicker part fit in her mouth. Monique forced the little gag
  in between her friend's teeth, Emily coughed and tried to jerk her head away
  but Monique took hold of her friend's clit quickly and pinched her nails together
  on the little nub making Emily cry out, she stopped fighting immediately. 
Emily looked at me with her jaws spread wide by the black plastic penis filling
  her mouth. 
Okay, now put on the hood. Monique was looking back at me for direction,
  she picked up the leather hood and eased it over Emily's head, she worked her
  friend's hair through the little zipper on the back till the leather fit snuggly
  over Emily's scalp, then Monique zipped it up tight. I could hear Emily wheezing
  inside the black leather, even though there was plenty of air getting in, she
  was just in a panic. I leaned over Emily's shoulder and put a small brass lock
  in place at the base of the hood and snapped it shut. 
I ran my hand over the smooth, finely stitched leather as Emily twisted her
  head side to side trying to throw off the hood. 
You two, in your cages. Lisa and Monique turned their heads toward me as
  I pointed at them, then they scurried into their little holds, closing the
  doors behind them as they got inside. 
I clipped the leash back to Emily's collar. 
Give me your ankles. Emily kicked her legs out from under her body and hung
  them over the edge of the bed. I attached a short hobble chain between the
  cuffs on her ankles, it was long enough that she could walk, but only taking
  the shortest of strides, it basically hamstrung her and kept her from moving
  at all but the slowest of paces. I wanted to train her as a slave, so even
  when the chain wasn't attached, she would continue to take short strides so
  she always knew she was under my control, even when she was seemingly free. 
Time to go. I put out my hand and helped Emily to her feet, she started
  to drop to her knees and crawl but I grabbed for her elbow and held her up. 
No, you can walk for now. It was almost eerie seeing her looking at me through
  the holes in the hood, this faceless girl I loved to play with so much looked
  like something not human in the mask. I tossed a long shawl over her shoulders
  and pulled gently on her leash. 
We'll be back later girls, be good. Lisa and Monique watched as Emily took
  short, short, steps behind me. She almost fell on a couple occasions not used
  to the chain that was hobbling her. 
I could see Emily holding the shawl tight around her as we headed out into
  the midday sun. I helped her up into the front seat of my truck and had her
  kneel on the floorboards. 
I bet you can't wait to see Tara and Jim, can you? Emily's pretty eyes stared
  at me through the small eye holes. 
It should be a lot of fun. I slammed the door shut and hopped into the driver's
  seat. I was looking forward to seeing what Jim had done with Tara since he'd
  taken her away. 
The trip was short and easy, Jim only lived a few minutes away and I pulled
  up into the drive. It wasn't a huge house, but it was very nice, and well taken
  care of. There were a couple old cars up on blocks in the yard Jim was working
  on, it wasn't the most appealing scene, but it wasn't bad either, not like
  some places around town I guess. 
The neighbors weren't too close, Jim didn't have the isolation I was afforded,
  but it was quiet enough. If they really tried the people next door may have
  been able to see me there, but I wasn't too worried. I opened the passenger
  door and tugged Emily out onto the dusty drive. I could feel her body shaking
  as I tugged on her leash, her head spun around looking at Jim's house and the
  place next door. I don't know if she wanted to have the neighbors see her and
  try to help her out, or if she felt humiliated being dragged like a dog through
  the yard. Emily could only take the shortest of strides as I pulled her along,
  I heard her yelp painfully as her ankles tugged against the restraining chain. 
Jim was waiting for us at the door before I could even knock. 
Hey buddy, how's it going? He had his hand extended, ready to crush me in
  a powerful, yet friendly, embrace. 
Good, good, I pushed Emily inside. I've got my girl here. I pulled the
  shawl off Emily's naked body before Jim closed the door, instantly Emily's
  hands went across her chest and over her pussy. 
Holy shit that's awesome. Emily recoiled as Jim reached out and grabbed
  the tail stuffed in her ass, I could see her squirm uncomfortably as he shifted
  the plug in her body. 
That's awesome, your little doggy I guess? Jim roared out in laughter. Even
  though I couldn't see her face under the hood, I knew Emily must have blushed
  three shades of red. 
Jim slammed the door shut behind us. Looking around the front room it was
  patently obvious Jim was a car guy. There were a myriad of posters on the walls
  covering the whole range of automobile endeavors. There was a huge, beautiful,
  picture of a Ferrari, it was in a gorgeous frame and hung on one wall. Then
  there were racing posters hanging over the couch. I knew Jim was proud of them
  because they were from a couple races he'd actually managed to go to, they
  had a lot of sentimental memories associated with them for him. 
The most striking piece in the room was an old engine chromed out and turned
  into a coffee table, it was definitely something unique and uncommon as a piece
  of furniture. 
I love that tail man. Jim reached out and grabbed for Emily's nipples. 
God she is one hot girl. I watched the rise and fall of Emily's chest as
  she started to hyperventilate, her stomach muscles went hard, and trembled,
  as Jim squeezed her breasts. 
Lets get this hood off. I put the key in the little lock at the base of
  the black leather. After I unzipped the back the hood slid off Emily's head
  easily and her hair cascaded down over her shoulders, her face was red, and
  wet, with a thin layer of perspiration. 
Man she's beautiful. Jim ran his hand over Emily's trembling belly, then
  he cupped her pussy in his large, rough, calloused hand. 
I don't think Pat's going to let me fuck you slut, so I guess you're lucky,
  but I'd really like to pound into that pussy of yours. Emily gasped with relief
  when Jim pulled his hand away from her body. 
Jim stared into Emily's eyes. 
Oh well, I'm happy with my slave, I guess you two want to see her, don't
  you? I left the penis gag stuffed in Emily's mouth even after I'd pulled off
  the hood, drool ran down the corner of her lips as her breathing slowly calmed. 
Bitch, get your ass out here. Jim screamed into the other room and I could
  hear the clanging of chains. It took a few seconds for her to appear, then
  Tara waddled out from the other room. 
She couldn't move fast, gleaming stainless steel bands were locked around
  her wrists, ankles and neck. I could see the work was masterful, even from
  afar. Tara couldn't stand if she wanted too, steel chains were locked to the
  cuffs and collar, her ankles were clipped together somewhat like Emily's, but
  with much heavier gauge steel as a hobble. Tara 's wrists were locked together
  too, and then there was another chain between that went between her wrists
  and ankles so she couldn't get stretch her legs. The chain extended up to Tara
  's neck collar so she couldn't lift her head completely, all Tara could do
  was slowly waddle, I knew if she fell it would be hard for her to get back
  onto her feet by herself. 
Tara mouth was filled with a bright red ball gag that spread her jaws wide,
  a leather strap buckled behind her head holding it fixed between her teeth.
  I could see thick white globs of cum that covered her face and spotted her
  hair. Tara was grunting with the effort of moving locked in the heavy, awkward,
  chains. 
Wow, those are beautiful! Tara was breathing heavily through her nose as
  I moved toward her, I reached out and touched the steel band around her neck.
  The workmanship was incredible, and must have taken hours. 
Holy cow that's incredible work Jim, how much time did it take you? The
  edges were ground smooth, there wasn't a rough spot that I could see on the
  steel, the metal bands fit perfectly around Tara 's neck, wrists and ankles,
  it was snug, but not too tight. 
Oh, I don't know exactly, I worked straight through one night because I wanted
  to get them done. Of course I stopped every so often to fuck my slut. I could
  see the shame in Tara 's eyes as she knelt there in front of me and her friend
  with cum plastered to her face, it was slowly running down over her nose and
  cheeks. 
They're incredible man, really, really incredible, the detail, it's amazing. I
  looked up at Jim and smiled, he really was a master craftsman when it came
  to metal work, hell, that's why he worked for me, he could do anything if you
  gave him the machines and time, he didn't even need the machines actually,
  just the time, he was that good, a throwback to another era. 
I'm going to have to get you to make me up some of those for my girls. I
  tapped Emily on the rump, she let out a little squeak of embarrassment as the
  tail wagged in her ass. 
Yeah, no problem, give me a few weeks though and I'll make them really nice. I
  ran my finger over the smooth metal band around Tara 's neck, it was really
  amazing work, I couldn't get over how good it looked. 
Slut, go on, present yourself as I told you to. Tara looked up at Jim, I
  knew she wanted to cry, her brow crunched together and I could see the pain
  in her eyes. 
Tara fell forward, her palms landed flat on the floor and she propped her
  ass in the air wiggling it side to side. 
Will you pleasthe fuck my asth Sthir. Masther makesth me take an enema everyday
  stho I'm nice and clean for your cock. Please Masther, I need you in my asth. My
  dick got hard instantly when I heard her speak, I could see the stripes where
  Jim had obviously used the cane on her earlier. Tara looked back over her body
  at me, her legs were spread wide I could see her puckered little anus staring
  up at me. 
Pleasthe Masther, I will sthqueeze you tight and make it feel good, I need
  you to cum in my asth. I ran my hand over her upturned cheek's, there was
  a desperation, and complete humiliation, in her voice. 
Go on, fuck her ass buddy. I looked over at Jim, there was a sadistic grin
  on his face. Tara turned her head and looked to the floor, sobbing she paused
  for a second, then looked back up at me. 
Sthlave Emily should fuck me too, Masther has a huge sthrap-on I need to
  be fucked with, pleasthe. I looked over at Jim and winked. 
So, you've gone shopping? Jim just grinned back at me. 
Yeah, I've picked up a few things. 
Pleasthe Masther, fuck my asth, I will sthuck your cock to make you hard
  and ready. I reached out and grabbed Tara 's tongue ring, pulling hard on
  it I made her arch her back up off the floor. 
She's talking much better now, she just has that little lisp remaining. Jim
  smiled back at me. 
Yeah, but I like keeping the bitch quiet. Jim knelt down and slapped Tara
  's tits hard, again and again he smacked them with his open hand sending a
  loud crack through the room as he struck her repeatedly. 
Jim hopped back on his feet as Tara whimpered. 
Well buddy, are you going to fuck her or not? She's nice and tight, and she'll
  squeeze you till you want to scream. 
Pleasthe Masther, fuck me, hurt me, then have Sthlave Emily fuck me, I need
  to be opened up, Masther wants to fistht my asth. Jim went over to a little
  cabinet against the wall, he pulled out a huge strap-on dildo harness that
  was set inside. 
I didn't need anymore encouragement, I dropped my pants and bellied up to
  Tara 's mouth, she opened up and sucked my cock in without a word. The smooth
  metal of the tongue ring ran over the underside of my dick, it was the oddest
  sensation. Jim had obviously been training the her how to suck cock with the
  ring in her tongue, Tara swallowed me, forcing as much of my dick in her mouth
  as she could. The chains locked to her cuffs and collar clanged as she made
  my prick hard, she lapped her moist tongue over the length of my shaft till
  I was covered in saliva, then Tara pulled her mouth off my cock and looked
  up at me. 
Pleasthe Masther, fuck my asth. Tara shuffled and dropped her head to the
  floor propping her ass high in the air. I fell to my knees and pressed the
  my dick against her little opening, I slowly eased the head of my cock inside
  her as she let out a small cry. 
Hurt me Masther, fuck my asth hard. I didn't hold back, I grasped Tara 's
  hips and slammed forward. I heard her let out a yelp of pain as my dick sunk
  into her bowels, then I felt her trying to squeeze my prick hard with her ass. 
I'm your sthlut to be used, fuck me hard Masther. Tara 's as was so very
  tight, and it was almost painful to try and push my cock deeper in her, but
  I started pounding her ass hard as I could with each thrust. I held her hips
  so tight you could see the red marks my hands left on her skin. The chains
  clanged and our flesh slapped together as I started rutting her like an animal. 
Squeeze me bitch! I slapped Tara 's butt with my hand, I could hear her
  grunting as I pounded into her tight hole, I could feel her closing her sphincter
  trying to grip my cock. 
That's it cunt! The chains chimed as I worked hard, driving my dick ever
  deeper inside her. Tara kept squeezing me like a vise, making me want to scream
  at the glorious pressure. I reached under her body and grabbed for her breasts,
  there was nothing gentle in the way I took hold of her nipples and pinched
  them, digging my nails in her flesh. 
Hurt me Masther! Tara squeezed her sphincter on my cock as my balls slapped
  against her ass. I could feel the sweat forming on my brow as I worked hard,
  pummeling her with my cock. 
I'm going to cum slut! I pinched Tara 's nipples till she screamed, twisting
  and tugging them till her sensitive skin was stretched painfully taut. I felt
  my balls contract and I started shooting my cum in Tara's ass, the chains attached
  to her cuffs chimed as I slammed my hips forward, I don't know how she was
  able to keep her balance with the violence of my thrusts. 
My dick kept spurting as Tara squeezed me tight, almost trying to milk the
  sperm from my dick. I started slapping her on the ass again and again till
  her flesh started glowing red from the blows. 
Finally I couldn't take it anymore, every drop of cum was drained from my
  cock and I just collapsed on Tara, holding her tight and rocking my hips into
  her, driving my cock in her tight ass. I could feel her sweat soaked body under
  me, she was panting like a dog, I could smell the musky scent of sex on her
  body. 
When I finally pulled my dick free from Tara 's tight hole I was wiped and
  breathing hard, I could see the cum dripping out of her little anus as I got
  to my feet. I pushed Emily to her knees and made her lick me till I was clean. 
Holy shit that's one hot piece of ass. Emily zipped me up and looked at
  me with fear in her eyes, I tugged on her leash and got her to her feet. 
How would you like me to fuck your ass like that slut? Emily cast her glance
  toward the floor but I could see her shoulders trembling with fear. 
Tara looked at me, I could almost sense the pleading in her eyes, begging
  me to take her back home with me and Emily. 
Let's get that cock on you slut, so you can fuck your friend. I picked up
  the strap-on dildo from the floor, there was a nylon harness ready to lock
  in place around Emily's hips, and the cock, it must have been at least 12 long,
  and very thick. 
Emily reluctantly stepped into the harness, Jim and I pulled all the straps
  tight so the huge cock projected straight ahead from her belly, Emily was sobbing,
  her chest was heaving with her nipples hard and pointed. 
Come on slut, go get that big cock of yours into Tara 's ass! 
Go on, tell her slave, tell her how much you want that huge cock in your
  ass! Jim screamed at Tara as she looked up at him, the tears streaked down
  her face in torrents. 
Pleasthe, pleasthe fuck my asth with the cock, pleasthe Tara could barely
  whimper out the words as she looked at Emily. Both girls were sobbing out of
  control, eyes locked on one another in mutual suffering. 
I pushed Emily to her knees and held her shoulders till she was directly behind
  Tara , the huge head of the dildo barely touching Tara 's puckered opening. 
Tara looked up at Jim, I think hoping that he would end it all, but there
  wasn't any hint of pity in his eyes and I smacked Emily on the butt. 
You know what to do slut! Emily started crying louder and louder, the head
  of the massive dildo was just barely touching Tara 's nether hole, cum seeped
  out of the opening and ran down her thighs. 
I started smacking Emily's ass again and again when she didn't move. Her cries
  grew ever louder as her butt started to grow red with the bite of my hand. 
Move it bitch! Tara let out a wail of pain as Emily drove her hips forward
  and the huge cock inched its way deep in Tara 's bowels. 
Oh GOD it hurtsth! Tara started bawling as Emily kept driving forward with
  the massive cock, she grabbed hold of Tara 's hips, her hands fit inside the
  red marks I'd left before. 
Fourfive six inches of the huge dildo sunk in Tara's body, her torso was
  rocked with spasms and her tits shook uncontrollably as Emily drove forward.
  The chains clanged together as it looked like Tara was on fire with the massive
  pole sunk in her body. 
Emily was sobbing as she eased the cum streaked dildo out of Tara 's ass,
  she looked up at me, I think hoping she'd done enough. 
Is that how I fuck you slut? Get that thing in her, start pumping that cock
  in her ass, make her scream. Unless you want me to do it to you! Emily tightened
  her grip on Tara 's hips and started driving forward again with the huge strap-on.
  Tara burst into tears, sobbing between heartrending screams as the huge fake
  dick plunged into her tight anus. 
It hurtsth, it'sth too big. I could see the muscles in Emily's back and
  hips contract as she pushed forward, driving even more of the cock in Tara
  's ass, then she pulled out, starting to get into a rhythm as she fucked her
  friend. 
That's it cunt, speed up, rip her in two! Between the two girls crying it
  was hard to hear anything. Emily started driving the massive cock deeper and
  deeper into Tara 's cum filled ass, drawing every louder wails of torment from
  her friend. 
Come on slut, make her feel it! Jim knelt behind Emily and started pushing
  her hips forward, driving the cock further and further into Tara 's body. 
I watched for a good ten minutes as Jim drove Emily on, making her fuck her
  friend brutally. Tara 's head was pressed against the floor, her ass high in
  the air, she was sobbing and begging for the violent rape to stop. 
Jim grabbed at Emily's shoulders and pulled her back, the huge dildo slid
  from Tara 's ass with a loud pop and Emily collapsed on the floor crying as
  Jim started working his fingers into Tara 's gaping hole. 
Sthop, pleasthe! Tara screamed as Jim worked 3, then 4, fingers in her ass. 
Pretty soon I'll get my whole fist in there! Jim's face was locked in a
  sadistic scowl. 
I picked Emily up off the floor. I undid the strap-on harness from around
  her waist and let it fall to the floor with a sickening thud. I got her to
  her feet and held her in my grasp. After a few minutes Jim grew tired of worming
  his fingers in Tara 's ass and stood up. 
Want some dinner? I've got some steaks ready to grill up. We can give the
  girls a break. I helped Emily to one of the couches and sat her down, Tara
  was in a heap on the floor, with the chains on her wrists she couldn't even
  rub her aching ass for relief. I lifted her up into the couch next to Emily
  and rested her head in her friend's lap. 
We'll be back. I pinched Emily's nipple in my hand and then headed out toward
  the back porch with Jim. 
That's a great idea about making her have an enema every morning, I think
  I might have to do that too. I turned and winked at Emily, I could see the
  distraught expression on her face as I walked with Jim into the kitchen. 
To Be Continued... 
Thanks for reading. I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging,
  and I love hearing from females who like my work especially. Thanks.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com 
Chapter Twelve 
The days seemed to pass like a blur, a wonderful, glorious blur. Sometime
  I didn't know how I managed, my dick was constantly aching from fucking my
  girls in every way imaginable. Monique and Emily were absolute dreams. 
Monique, she was so needy and desperate she was becoming the perfect slave.
  She was so obedient and always begging for me for my cock, in spite of the
  fact that I had to punish her constantly for seeking out her own pleasures.
  Perhaps I wasn't as harsh a Master as I should have been. I guess I didn't
  go quite far enough putting her in her place, but I couldn't help it, I loved
  the way she became so desperate with lust that she'd do anything for me and
  I couldn't help it. 
Emily, she still had a little ways to go, but I loved her nonetheless. I loved
  having her on a leash crawling behind me, I knew it utterly humiliated her
  to be treated as a pet, and I used it to my advantage whenever I could. I loved
  how her face still flushed with shame anytime I found something that really
  got to her. I loved how her eyes welled with tears of humiliation and made
  her pout. 
Jim was running late so I flipped on the TV and sat back on the couch, we
  really didn't have anything planned, not that we needed much encouragement
  to find new things to do with our girls. 
I shut my eyes and passed out for a few, the girls' were definitely keeping
  me busy and I needed all the rest I could get. 
I woke with a start when I heard the knock on the door. I staggered off the
  couch and managed to get composed by the time I made it to the front door. 
Hey Buddy! A wide smile filled Jim's face as I opened the door. Tara stood
  behind Jim, leather bands crisscrossed her face and held a bit gag deep between
  her teeth, drool ran down her chin and I loved the little gold ring in her
  nose, the way it sparkled in the sunlight, it turned me on so much. 
Hello slut, I bet you're glad to be back. I grabbed for Tara 's nipple and
  tugged her in through the door, she kept her eyes focused on the floor. I think
  Jim had been pretty busy training her. 
Tara had her hands tied behind her back, there was a thick black leather collar
  around her neck and cuffs on both her wrists and ankles. She was such a gorgeous
  girl and I felt my dick jump just looking at her. 
Jim snapped his fingers and Tara fell to her knees on the floor, her eyes
  were wide and framed beautifully by the gag harness that crossed her face. 
Do you need to use the slut? Jim set his hand down on Tara 's head, my dick
  was straining against my shorts. 
No, no, not right now I guess. I squeezed Tara 's tit in my hand and dug
  my fingers deep into her flesh. 
Where are your girls? Jim looked around the entryway and into the front
  rooms. 
Oh, they're still sleeping in their cages, want to go see them? I looked
  over at Tara . 
I think your girl needs somebody to play with. Jim grinned, I could see
  Tara 's breasts shudder as she tried not to look up at me, though I knew she
  wanted to desperately. 
Yeah, let's go see them. Jim clipped a gold chain to Tara 's nose ring and
  tugged softly. 
Get up cunt. Tara struggled to her feet, she was such a lovely girl, she
  had such a beautiful shape to her hips and such gorgeously tapered long legs. 
Jim moved to the front of our little procession lightly tugging on the gold
  chain attached to Tara 's nose ring, pulling her forward. Tara had on heels
  that must have been a good 5 tall and forced her to take short strides just
  to maintain her balance. I was behind her, watching the beautiful girl move
  as gracefully as she could given the situation. 
Jim led us into my bedroom. I couldn't help it, I reached out and ran my hands
  over Tara 's ass, I could hear her groan as my rough callused palm moved over
  her smooth skin. 
Where are they? Jim looked around the room, the girls were nowhere to be
  seen. 
Over here. I moved to the closet door and opened it suddenly, when the light
  hit the cages my girls started to come to life. Emily was curled into a small
  ball on the floor, her hair cascaded over her shoulders as she was wrapped
  in a fetal position. 
Monique's eyes fluttered and looked up at me, there was an instant of shock
  in her gaze as she saw me, and then Jim and Tara standing there. She got quickly
  to her hands and knees and dipped her head so she was staring at the floor. 
Good Morning Master. Red marks crisscrossed Monique's back where her upper
  body had pressed against the sides of the metal framed cage. 
Good morning slut. I put my hand through the metal bars and rubbed her forehead,
  pushing the long strands out hair out of her eyes. 
I had to bang on Lisa's cage to get her awake, there was obvious confusion
  in her eyes as she slowly came to, I knew she didn't know quite where she was
  at first, but that changed quickly as she peered up at me through the metal
  frame work. 
Did you sleep well slut? Lisa struggled to her hands and knee's, her head
  was slung low and her matted hair dangled in front of her eyes. 
Yes Master. I didn't believe her. 
I unlocked the door and grabbed for Lisa's collar and tugged on her neck dragging
  her from the cage. 
Get out here slut. Lisa almost stumbled and fell as I pulled on the leather
  collar locked around her neck. 
Get on your back, spread those legs. I heard just the slightest whimper
  from Lisa as she climbed up on the bed and rolled over onto her back. I loved
  the way the rings in her clit and labia gleamed in the light. 
Tara was on her knees just in front of Jim, he started removing the straps
  that held the gag in her mouth. I could hear her sputtering as the bit was
  pulled from between her teeth. 
Jim clamped his hand on Tara 's head and lifted her face so she was forced
  to look him in the eyes. 
Go get on the bed and please your friend! Jim let go of Tara's head and
  clipped a small little gold chain to her nose ring, it was maybe 3 long and
  he pulled her toward the bed making her squeal as she got her into position
  between Lisa's spread thighs. Lisa yelped as Jim clipped the small chain from
  Tara 's nose onto her clit ring forcing Tara to delve between her legs. 
That should keep you in position. Jim slapped Tara on the ass. 
Make her cum cunt! Tara 's hair fell over the inside of Lisa's thighs. 
Go on! Jim smacked Tara on the ass again, I could see Lisa's body quiver
  as Tara started lapping her ringed tongue over her pussy. 
That's it. Jim grabbed a leather tailed flogger that was laying on the floor
  and started swishing it through the air. 
Don't stop until she cums slut! Jim brought the heavy tails of the flogger
  down on Tara 's ass, the thick leather thudded as it hit her body. Again and
  again Jim brought the flogger down on Tara 's skin, her breasts shook enticingly
  with each blow, I could hear her lapping away at Lisa's pussy, the little tingle
  of the chain holding the two girls locked together jingled through the room. 
Jim slowly moved around towards Lisa's head. 
I don't want to leave you out cunt. Jim started swinging the flogger like
  a top, slowly he brought the ends down and smacked Lisa's breasts rhythmically
  with the flogger. The sound was different than when he'd struck Tara 's ass,
  it was more of a sharp biting sound. Lisa's tits started growing red under
  the onslaught as again and again Jim slapped her breasts with the thick leather
  bands. 
Tara was obviously having an effect on Lisa, her hips were raising up off
  the bed to meet Tara 's tongue. I could hear Lisa whimper each time Tara tugged
  on the ring in her clit. 
Jim sat down on the bed, he was like an overexcited schoolboy, he started
  running his hands over Tara 's body as she knelt between Lisa's thighs. He
  looked up at me. 
I think my girl was lonely, she didn't have anybody to play with at my place. I
  could feel Emily's eyes on me, but when I turned to look at her she bent her
  head down and stared at the floor immediately. 
Jim pulled what looked like a nightstick from his hip. 
She needs her ass pumped. Tara started whimpering loudly as Jim tried to
  force the thick smooth head of the nightstick against her puckered little anus. 
She loves it when I do this. Tara started crying louder and louder as Jim
  twisted the shaft in his hand forcing it deeper and deeper into her ass. 
That's it cunt, I know you like it. Jim started working the shaft in and
  out of Tara 's ass, her whole body jerked as he drove it deeper and deeper.
  I could hear her whining in pain with each thrust. Tara 's head was buried
  between Lisa's twitching thighs as Jim worked the nightstick in and out of
  her tight anus. 
Watching Lisa and Tara going at it on the bed I couldn't take it any longer.
  I opened Emily's cage with a clang and dragged her out onto the bed. She looked
  up at me shocked as I got her over onto her back with her head dangling over
  the edge of the mattress. My dick was aching so bad it hurt, pre-cum covered
  the head of my cock as I pushed it against Emily's lips. 
I grabbed for Emily's breasts and twisted her nipples painfully as I rammed
  my cock in her mouth. I loved seeing the little bulge in her throat as I pushed
  hard into her. Emily wrapped her arms around my thighs as I started brutally
  fucking her face. The bed was creaking as Tara 's body jerked forward every
  time Jim rammed the nightstick in her ass. Lisa's thighs closed on Tara 's
  head as she licked, and plunged, her tongue over Lisa's pussy. 
I forced my cock deep in Emily, I could feel her mouth convulsing on my dick
  as I touched the back of her throat with the head of my prick. I had my hands
  clamped on her tits and was molding them in my fingers. 
That's it slut! I slapped Emily's breast with my open hand. 
You're so fucking hot! I could hear Emily gagging as she tried to suck my
  cock into her mouth taking in as much as she could. Her hands were around my
  hips pulling me toward her with each thrust, saliva trailed out of her mouth
  in glistening strings that ran over her face as she tried to accommodate my
  prick. Lisa's body was shuddering with orgasm as her legs squeezed Tara 's
  head tight, open and closing rapidly like a butterfly. 
I looked over at Monique locked in her cage, her eyes were filled with lust,
  and I think she was jealous of Emily as I rammed my dick in her mouth. I just
  smiled at Monique and started slapping Emily's breasts with my open hand. I
  could feel my balls on Emily's face as she tried to deep throat me. 
Oh God! I could feel my whole body trembling as Emily gagged on my cock.
  I saw a vibrator sitting on the mattress and I picked it up, I flipped it on
  and moved it towards Emily's pussy. 
I could feel the shock jolt through Emily's body as I pressed the buzzing
  metal against her clit. For an instant I thought I was going to cum right then
  and there, but I managed to hold off--at least for the moment--as my slut started
  to grind her pussy against the vibrator. 
Lisa was screaming in orgasm as Tara continued to work away at her pussy.
  Tara groaned in pain and humiliation as Jim raped her ass with the nightstick.
  My vision was blurry as Emily massaged my balls in her palm and swallowed my
  cock as deep as she could in her mouth, her stomach rolled and her hips bucked
  off the bed as I ran the vibrator over her sensitive flesh, forcing the high
  speed buzzing metal between the folds of her labia, and then pushing it hard
  against her swollen clit, driving her to the edge. 
As soon as Emily started screaming I couldn't help but shoot in her mouth,
  there was nothing I could do. There's nothing like the feel of an orgasming
  girl's hot breath buffeting your cock as she sucks on you, driving you to the
  edge. 
Emily's hips were jerking and twisting as I held the vibrator against her
  clit. She wrapped her arms around my hips and tried to swallow my cock whole
  as her body bounced off the bed. I spread her pussy lips with my fingers and
  stuffed the vibrating egg deep in her snatch just as my dick started spurting
  in her mouth. Emily's lips sealed me tight as she sucked hard on my cock. 
HOLY SHIT! I grabbed for Emily's nipples and tugged on them, pulling her
  soft flesh into sharp little points, her hips were writhing on the bed as the
  vibrator continued to work away inside her pussy. She sucked on my cock like
  a straw trying to drain my dick dry. 
By the time I calmed down Jim was kneeling behind Tara fucking her, grasping
  her hips in his hands he was slamming her back on his cock brutally. 
I pulled my dick out of Emily's mouth and just stood over her, her lips were
  slimy with cum and saliva that trailed down over her cheeks and pooled in her
  eyes. She had her hands on her breasts rubbing her nipples as she stared up
  at me. I was still hard and smacked Emily's forehead with my cock. I loved
  the sound of my dick against her flesh, I loved the way she jerked when my
  prick hit her face. Emily moaned and seemed to look through me as I turned
  the little motor to high, the little black wire of the vibrator snaking out
  of her pussy. 
I woke up the next morning with Monique and Emily on the bed with me. Monique
  had her lips around my penis, her soft breath was massaging me as her hair
  cascaded over my thighs. She'd kept me in her mouth all night long, I loved
  the feel of her lips on me, suckling me as I slept. My head was on Emily's
  chest, her breast a soft pillow. I was in heaven, who could be more lucky than
  me, I had my slaves ready to fuck and suck me as I wished, it was perfect. 
Jim had left sometime after midnight , I'd kept Monique in her cage throughout
  most of the day when he was around. I'd attached her wrist cuffs to her collar
  so she couldn't touch herself and I thought she'd go crazy. She was panting
  and in desperate need most of the night, only late, after Jim had left, did
  I let her cum. I just laid on my back and let her fuck me, she was wild and
  out of control, like an animal. 
Monique moaned and rolled on her side as I slid my penis from her mouth and
  gently got off the bed. I pulled the blankets over my girls and headed into
  the kitchen. 
It had been about a week since Doc had left with Jayme in tow, I'd missed
  her tits more than I thought I would. I missed being able to slide my dick
  in between those monster breasts and fuck her till I shot all over her chest
  and face. Oh well, I still had my sluts and they were keeping my prick well
  satisfied so I shouldn't complain much, wanting Jayme still was just greedy.
  Hell, I shouldn't complain at all, keeping Monique and Emily was definitely
  the better part of the deal. 
I decided that I was to take the girls for a little road trip, to visit Doc's
  place and check out his play room. I'd seen it a few years before, but not
  since. He had a whole range of big toys when I was there last, and I couldn't
  wait to see what he'd added over the years, and to see what he could do with
  them. I was still a novice and needed to set up my little dungeon. I'd already
  hired a contractor to come in and finish off the basement, at least the rough
  stuff, I figured I'd make up all the interesting' sections when it was cleaned
  up a little. The only drawback though was keeping my girls in the closet, I
  don't think any of my girls liked being locked in their cages, especially when
  I closed the closet doors on them while the contractor was doing his work. 
Emily and Monique were passed out on the bed still when I walked back into
  the room, and Lisa was locked in her cage curled in a cute little ball. I hadn't
  bothered to wake any of them up earlier, I had a lot of chores to do, and they
  needed their rest from the night before. I don't know how many times they'd
  cum, I kind of wish I'd taken pictures of the scene but I was too engrossed
  in watching it myself. I'd pulled out strap-on dildos and made each of the
  girls lube up. It was so cute to see Monique fucking Lisa in the ass with the
  huge dildo while Emily fucked Monique, and then, of course to complete the
  chain I fucked Emily. I loved the way each of them moaned and writhed in long
  chain of fucking. After we were through fucking I got them all on the bed,
  and I must say it's very nice having three girls sucking on your cock at once,
  all working hard to make me blow, and then lapping up my sperm off their faces
  while they knelt there, eyes wide open as I splattered them. 
Time to get up. I smacked my hands together and the girls jolted awake.
  Monique and Emily both rose up and tried to fight off the sleep that still
  held them. They hopped to their knees on the bed pushing the disheveled locks
  of hair out of their eyes and knelt on all fours, their eyes locked on me.
  Lisa peered up at me through the frame of her cage, kneeling on the ground
  like a dog, her palms flat on the floor. 
Breakfast time. I opened the door to Lisa's enclosure, her body was stiff
  as she crawled out and hopped up on to the bed next to Monique and Emily. I
  set the food out in front of them on the mattress and they started to eat greedily. 
Watching my lovely pets lapping away at their food made me so horny I grabbed
  Monique by the hair and dragged her toward the end of the bed. I set her bowls
  in front of her as I pushed her down on her side and moved in behind her. She
  didn't protest, only groaned as I pressed my body against hers and eased my
  dick in her pussy. I tugged on her nipple rings playing with her breasts as
  slid my dick in and out of her pussy. 
Monique managed to eat as I fucked her, she was even able to grind her hips
  back into my body, forcing my cock deeper in her pussy. 
I caught Emily casting glances over at me, I don't know if she was jealous
  of me fucking Monique, or just wanted to eat in peace hoping I wouldn't fuck
  her too. When I spied her looking, she turned her head and stared at her meal
  as her face went flush. 
The bed creaked as I pumped my dick into Monique, she was moaning and I could
  see her hands shaking as she tried to put the food in her mouth. 
That's it slut, squeeze that pussy! I ran my hands over Monique's belly,
  sliding my fingers down over her sex and pinching her hard little clit making
  her cry out loud. 
Want me to let you cum slut? Monique was panting, she had her hands on the
  bed with the linens clinched between her fingers. 
Yes Master, please let this useless cunt cum, please! I started rocking
  my hips fast and hard into her pussy, my fingers were rubbing on her clit. 
Master, please let your slut cum, please Monique trailed off, I could feel
  her body shuddering in my grasp. 
Please! I was pounding into her pussy with my cock, I could feel her vaginal
  muscles convulsing around me. Monique's body was molded to mine and I could
  feel the perspiration on her skin. I leaned over and started nibbling on her
  ear, my fingers still working away at her wet pussy. 
You can cum cunt, just tell me what a dirty slut you are and how much you
  like to be fucked! Monique started screaming as her body was rocked with a
  massive orgasm. I could see her hands tugging hard on the sheets. 
Oh God, Thank you Mast Monique's whole body was bucking as she drove her
  hips back against mine, she let out a cry of pleasure. 
Oh God! I kept pumping my cock in her pussy, the bed was shaking, I could
  see Emily staring at me as I locked my arm around Monique's belly. 
Cum in your useless slut's pussy Master! I could feel her driving hard against
  me, forcing my cock deeper and deeper into her sex. 
I'm your bitch, please cum in me Master!!! Monique screamed as a second
  orgasm ripped through her body, she flung her head back and wailed like a banshee. 
Monique clamped her pussy on my cock as she felt me start to blow. 
Fill me with your cum Master! My dick started pumping like a hydrant. 
OH GODDDD, MASTER, IT FEELS SO GOOD!!! Monique screamed, she turned her
  head with her mouth open trying to kiss me. 
MASTER!!! Monique ground her hips against my body, milking my cock of every
  last drop of sperm. 
HOLY SHIT! I grabbed for Monique's nipples and pulled hard on her rings,
  making her nipples go taut. 
Oh God Master, I'm your slave, thank you for your cum! Monique started moaning
  in pleasure, she was gasping for breath, I could feel her pussy twitching as
  I slowly rocked my aching dick inside her. 
That's it slut. I tugged hard on her nipple rings making her groan as she
  turned her head back to me again. I clamped my mouth down on hers and kissed
  her, driving my tongue between her lips. 
Monique continued to grind her hips against my body, working my dick deep
  in her sopping pussy. 
I'm your dirty little slut Master, thank you for cumming in my pussy. Monique
  grabbed for my hands and put them on her breasts. 
Pinch this slut's nipples Master, please! Monique let out a sharp bleat
  as I tugged hard on her nipple rings. Her face was contorted in what looked
  like pain, but I could tell was really desperate need and longing that filled
  her gaze. 
I collapsed on the bed in the midst of all my pets', I could still feel Monique's
  body shuddering against mine as she eased down off her orgasm. I was in heaven
  and didn't want to move from the bed, but I knew we had to get going soon,
  so I pulled my wet dick from Monique's hole and rolled onto my back. 
Time to get up girls. I smacked Emily on the ass, she cowered away from
  me and just looked up at with pouty eyes. 
Time to get up! The girls popped to attention on the bed, kneeling, eyes
  lowered they waited for my next command. I reached out and started pinched
  Emily's nipples making her squirm. I snapped my fingers and pointed toward
  my slimy dick, Emily hesitated for an instant, then took me in her mouth and
  licked me clean. Her eyes were fixed on mine as her head bobbed up and down
  over my waning cock. 
We've got a long day ahead, I want you to go into the shower and clean each
  other, you know what to do, and don't forget to give each other an enema, I
  want you nice and clean! Emily's soft lips slid off my dick making my whole
  body quiver. Then she, Monique and Lisa scurried off the bed and went into
  the bathroom. I just laid back and stared at the ceiling, I still couldn't
  believe my luck, everything had gone so perfectly. 
I let the girls alone in the bathroom for perhaps 20 or 30 minutes, then I
  got to my feet and headed toward the shower, when I got inside Emily was bent
  over with a thick enema plug in her ass and the warm water was flooding into
  her belly. Her face went flush when I entered into the shower with them 
That's it baby, it looks so nice, The plastic tube ran out Emily's puckered
  little anus, maybe I'll fuck your ass today. Emily's face was beet red as
  I ran my hand down over her cheek. I could feel my dick coming back to life
  again already. Monique dropped to the floor in front of me as Lisa rubbed Emily's
  straining belly. 
Master, may this slut suck your cock? Monique was licking her lips and she
  knelt before me. 
No, but I want you to clean me. There was a look of disappointment in Monique's
  eyes but she didn't hesitate, she grabbed for the soap and sponge and started
  cleaning me as I liked. 
When I stepped out of the bathroom I felt completely clean and refreshed.
  I walked to the kitchen to grab something to drink. When I'd left Monique was
  bent over getting her enema with Lisa between her legs sucking on her clit. 
I sat down and flipped on the TV and tried to catch up on the morning news.
  I'd laid out the pretty lace teddies I wanted Emily and Monique to wear on
  our little trip, and Lisa would spend another day locked in her cage, but I
  did have plans for her. It turned me on so much seeing her gangbanged I was
  planning another trip for her, I couldn't wait to see her fucked by a ton of
  guys again, her holes overflowing with cum. 
There was nothing much exciting going on in the world so I turned off the
  TV and headed back to my room, the girls were kneeling on the floor waiting
  for me when I stepped in the door. 
Hello sluts. Monique and Emily had their little lace outfits on, I wondered
  if it felt odd to them now wearing clothes. 
Get in your cage. I pointed at Lisa and she crawled into the closet and
  twisted around in her cage so she was facing me. I shut the door and locked
  it, sealing her inside. My dick started tingling as she looked up at me through
  the metal bars. 
I grabbed for Monique and Emily's leather collars and cuffs. 
Put them on. I tossed the restraints in front of them on the floor, both
  girls knew exactly what I expected and didn't delay. The smooth leather bands
  were around their necks, ankles and wrists in an instant. I made sure the little
  brass locks were snapped shut and ran my hand through Emily's hair. 
Got you're one hot little cunt. Emily's eyes were wide and stared up at
  me. Both Monique and Emily looked so hot in their pretty white teddies. The
  contrast of the black leather collars and cuffs was gorgeous against their
  smooth pure skin and the bright white lace of their outfits. 
Get up! My little pets got to their feet and bowed their heads to the floor. 
We'll be back. I tapped the top of Lisa's cage and shut the closet doors.
  Emily and Monique followed silently behind me as I headed for the garage. 
I'd thrown a couple thick blankets in the back of the truck to give my girls'
  a little comfort on the ride. I popped the back of the SUV open and grabbed
  for Monique's wrists, I clipped them together behind her back. 
Get up there. I helped Monique into the back of the truck. 
Over on your side slut. Monique's nipples were hard and the rings stood
  out on her tits. 
I took Emily by the shoulder and clipped her wrists off behind her back, then
  helped her up into the truck. 
I don't want you two to be bored on the drive. I positioned Emily so her
  face was in Monique's pussy, it was the perfect 69 position. 
I want to hear you two going at it the whole way. I smacked Emily on the
  ass. 
But just to make sure, I've got something that's going to keep you together. I
  started wrapping the nylon straps around Monique and Emily, first around their
  hips and shoulders, I snugged the straps tight, making sure there wasn't an
  inch of space between the girls, their hard nipples were pressed against the
  other's hips and belly. Emily grunted as I pulled the nylon even more taut. 
I want to hear you to sucking each other pussies from the front seat, do
  you understand? I ran my hand over Emily's ass, sliding my finger up between
  her cheeks, Monique was already busy licking her friend's pussy. 
Just a couple more and then we'll be ready, spread your thighs sluts! I
  first started with Monique, her face was pressed between Emily's spread legs,
  I wrapped a nylon strap around Emily's thighs and over the back of Monique's
  head, when I snugged the strap tight there was nothing Monique could do to
  pull her mouth away from Emily's pussy. 
That's nice, I rubbed the back of Monique's head, really nice. 
Emily was staring up at me between Monique's legs. 
Now it's your turn, you've got to do some work too! I pulled the strap tight
  over Monique's hips and worked Emily's mouth into position. 
It's not too long a trip. Emily squealed as I pulled the nylon tight, forcing
  her lips and mouth right into Monique's pussy. 
That's it slut, work that tongue into her pussy. Monique's body spasmed
  as Emily started tonguing her friend's clit. 
Just before I slammed the hatch shut I stopped to savor the sight of my slaves
  going at it. Emily's hips were writhing ever so slightly from Monique's machinations. 
This is going to be one fun trip! I slammed the hatch of the SUV shut and
  headed around to the drivers side door. My dick was hard and twitching already.
  I had to take a deep breath and get composed before I popped the truck into
  gear. 
It was going to be a long drive to Doc's place, already I was so horny it
  hurt. From the front seat I could barely hear the girls going at it. 
I can't hear you, I don't hear any moaning, somebody must not be trying hard
  enough. I heard Emily start to whimper, while high pitched whining sound started
  to come from Monique. I could tell it was her, it was the sound she started
  to make when she was getting closer and closer to cumming, it was a sound I
  loved to hear. 
The drive went smoothly, Monique and Emily must have cum at least once or
  twice a piece. There was no need to turn on the radio, it was more fun listening
  to the girls go at it. 
I pulled into Doc's driveway and came to a sudden halt, my dick was throbbing
  and I knew I was going to have to fuck something soon. When I popped the rear
  hatch my slave girls were still going at it. 
We're here! I smacked Emily on the ass. 
I could hear the two of them groaning as I started undoing the straps around
  Monique's head, when I had her free I could see Emily's juices on her lips. 
So you weren't just acting. Monique's body was trembling as Emily's tongue
  was still working over her body. 
Yes Master. Monique could barely get out the words, she was gasping for
  breath as I started undoing the strap holding Emily's face between her thighs.
  Monique's hips started jerking and she closed her thighs tight on Emily's head
  as I pulled the strap free. 
Oh God, Oh God! Monique started screaming as Emily continued to work her
  tongue in the folds of her friend's sex. 
That's enough! I grabbed Emily by the hair and tugged her head from between
  Monique's legs. Her mouth was covered in glistening juices from Monique's pussy,
  they covered her face. From the tip of her nose to where it dribbled down her
  chin Emily's face shone with her friend's cunt juice. 
Monique and Emily were both gasping for breath when I undid the straps around
  their waists. They lay spent on the blanket, their chests heaving. 
Time to go! I grabbed Emily by the shoulder and pulled her out of the truck,
  her legs were weak like jell-o as I set her on the ground. 
Open up. I forced a penis gag between Emily's lips and snapped it shut behind
  her head. I hooked a little chain to her collar and left it dangling between
  her hard nipples. 
You to. I slid Monique across the blanket and got her outside. 
I didn't bother to wipe either of their faces down after I forced in the gags,
  I liked the look of the pussy juices covering their faces. I clipped the chain
  from Emily's collar to Monique's, and then attached a lead to the front of
  Monique's collar. 
Come on, time to head inside. I pulled gently on the leash. I led Monique
  and Emily in tandem towards Doc's place, they stumbled along the path with
  difficulty because of the high heels I'd make them wear. 
Doc's place was quite large, not as big as mine, but you could tell he was
  doing very well in his practice. He was waiting for me at the door with a huge
  grin plastered across his face as I moved up the path with my girls. 
Hey Buddy, it's really good to see you. Doc thrust out his hand and shook
  mine vigorously. 
I see you brought the girls. Monique and Emily were dressed in their little
  lace teddy's, it's not like anybody could see them in their state of near undress,
  Doc's house was surrounded by trees and set well back from the road. I knew
  that he had his back yard enclosed with a 10' privacy fence just in case somebody
  tried to look in. I knew sometimes he liked prancing girls around like ponies
  and wanted his privacy. 
Yeah, they needed a little road trip. Neither Emily or Monique could say
  a word with the large penis gags stuffed in their mouth's. 
Come inside, it's so good to see you again. I tugged on the leash and Monique
  and Emily grunted as they followed along reluctantly. 
Doc reached out and grabbed Monique's nipple rings, I heard her yelp as he
  stretched her delicate skin taut. 
How do you like your rings slut. Monique whimpered ever so slightly as Doc
  twisted the piercings in her nipples. 
Jayme's downstairs, I'm sure you two can't wait to see her. Emily recoiled
  as Doc reached out for her breasts. 
Don't worry slut, I know what I'm doing. His smile was sadistic and Emily
  let out a loud whimper as he grasped her nipples and tugged on them hard, twisting
  and making her squeal. 
I don't know why Pat hasn't ringed you yet, you'd have a bunch of jewelry
  if you were my slave. Doc let go of Emily's nipples, she stumbled backwards,
  pressing closer to me. 
Let's head downstairs I'm sure you want to see Jayme, right? I tugged hard
  on the leash and jerked Monique forward. Emily was eyeing me, pleading with
  me to stop and take her away, I know that Doc scared her. 
Come on sluts. I pulled Monique and Emily behind me as we followed Doc down
  the narrow stairway into the basement. 
How has Jayme been treating you Doc? Doc turned and looked up at me, his
  grin was so wide I thought he looked like a giddy clown. 
Oh my God she is one amazing whore, but why don't you have a look for yourself. Monique
  and Emily were taking delicate steps down the stairs with their high heels.
  When we moved out in the basement I could see Doc had added to his dungeon,
  no longer was it just a portion of the basement, it had become the whole basement.
  I could hear Monique and Emily both gasp in shock as they stepped out into
  what amounted to his torture chamber. 
Holy shit, this is amazing. Looking around there was everything I'd ever
  imagined, a rack, a cage that hung from the ceiling--like a bird cage, but
  this one was for some poor girl--it was all too much to describe, he must have
  spent an absolute fortune to set it up. 
Holy crap this is amazing. I tugged Monique close to me, she almost fell
  as I jerked her forward. 
What do you think slut? I clamped my mouth on her breast and sucked on her
  tit, then I grabbed for her nipple rings and tugged on them as I rubbed thrust
  two fingers in her pussy. My dick was aching already and I didn't know how
  much longer I could wait, Monique as gasping as I pulled my fingers from her
  snatch. 
Jayme was off to my right and I couldn't take my eyes off of her, thick leather
  bands crisscrossed her body. She was bent over at the waist, with her wrists
  locked in stocks in front of her--metal bars opened up and looped around her
  neck and wrists holding her firmly in place. Jayme's massive tits jiggled and
  hung from her upper torso, they were wrapped at the base with leather cords
  and bulging, clamps were attached to her nipple rings and little electric cords
  trailed back between her spread legs to a box on a table. Jayme's legs were
  locked wide by a spreader bar attached to her ankles, I don't think she could
  have kept her balance had it not been for the stocks holding her up her legs
  were so spread. Jayme's body was covered in sweat, large beads hung like jewels
  from her nipple rings and her hair was soaked. 
Holy shit. I moved toward the bound girl, Doc grabbed a clump of hair and
  lifted her face so I could see. Her nose was pierced and a thick ring ran through
  her septum and hung just above her lips. 
She's my little piggy girl. Doc smiled as he looked up for my reaction.
  I've got to say it turned me on seeing Jayme with the ring in her nose, not
  that I could do it to my girls. 
I noticed weighted clamps dangling from Jayme's labia, stretching them till
  it looked like they could stretch no more. Jayme yelped as Doc slapped her
  tits with his open hand. 
What's that? I pointed to the dangling lead weights attached to Jayme's
  pussy lips. 
Doc let go of Jayme's hair and her head feel forward, her eyes stared blankly
  at the floor. Doc moved around Jayme and grabbed one of the heavy lead weights
  attached to her labia, Jayme cried out as he tugged hard down on the weight. 
I want to stretch her out, I want to make her cunt lips longer and more full. I
  could hear Monique and Emily let out a sympathetic whimper as they saw what
  Doc was doing. Their bodies pressed close to me for security. I could feel
  Monique's ringed nipples trailing across my back as her body trembled. 
You can do that? My eyes were locked on the heavy weights and how they tugged
  down on Jayme's skin. 
Yeah, its part of her daily routine now, we started off slow with smaller
  weights, for say 15 minutes at a time, and now, we've got the big boys on and
  can go for hours. Doc smacked Jayme on the ass. 
Isn't that right slut? Jayme only whined, she didn't look back at Doc. Her
  breasts shuddered as he slapped her ass again and again. 
I noticed the little black wire that ran from Jayme's pussy and met up with
  the wires from her tits at the box on the table. 
What were you doing with that? Doc looked up, then moved toward the box
  on the table. 
Oh this. Jayme started screaming as soon as Doc put his hand on the little
  box, the top was covered in a myriad of dials and buttons. 
Jayme's body trembled, her eyes were fixed on Doc as he teased his hands over
  the controls. 
This is a shock box, one of the little toys I like to use on my slaves. Jayme
  was whimpering like a child, her eyes never leaving Doc's hands, her body was
  shaking like a leaf. 
I was just getting Jayme ready, I wanted to make her sweat a little. He
  winked at the girl bent over in the stocks. 
Want to see how it works? He nodded toward me, I could feel Monique and
  Emily behind me, cowering close as Jayme started screaming again. 
NOOOOOOOO!!!! 
Doc played with the dials, but he didn't turn on the current. 
You can see how much Jayme likes it, maybe you'd like to try it out on your
  girls? I heard Emily squeal behind me, I turned and look toward her, her eyes
  were locked on mine, they were wide and pleading, begging me. 
No, no, not right now. I could hear the audible gasp of relief from my girls.
  Jayme was still whining, her eyes were locked on Doc and the box. 
Okay, maybe later. Doc moved toward Jayme, he ran his hand over her ass. 
I think this slut needs a paddling though, I love to see those tits bouncing. Doc
  picked up a large wooden paddle from the table, he swished it through the air
  testing the weight of the object. 
This'll work. Jayme's body jerked forward as the thick wood landed on her
  body. A loud crack rang through the room then she started screaming. I couldn't
  keep my eyes off Jayme's tits the way they started moving as the paddle smacked
  her ass again and again. The heavy lead weights attached to her labia swung
  in huge arcs from the clips. I knew it must have been painful, but it made
  my dick ache even more. 
For an instant Jayme looked up at me, then she let her head fall forward as
  her tits bounced with each new blow. 
I couldn't take it anymore, my dick was so hard it hurt. As Doc continued
  to lay blow after blow of the paddle on Jayme's ass I grabbed Emily by the
  neck and forced her to her knees. She stumbled and almost fell on her side
  but I managed to keep her upright. The way they were bound together Monique
  had to fall to the floor as well, with her neck collar attached to Emily's
  it gave her no other option. 
My dick was out in an instant, I ripped the gag from her mouth and I clamped
  my hands to either side of Emily's head, forcing my cock in between her lips.
  I think I surprised her with the violence of my need and she gagged as I rammed
  the whole of my prick in her mouth. I can't deny it turned me on even more
  to hear her choke on me as I pushed the head of my cock to the back of her
  throat. I held Emily's head firm in both hands as I started to fuck her face
  brutally. 
Doc picked up a flogger and started on Jayme's tits, I loved the thud of the
  leather against her massive breasts. 
The sound of Emily gagging was beautiful, I loved the sound of her trying
  to swallow me as I violently moved her head up and down over my dick. It was
  probably the roughest I'd been with her, but I couldn't help it. 
That's it cunt, make me cum. It's not like there was much Emily could do,
  I controlled the movement of her head and there was no subtlety in the way
  I fucked her, I just rammed my dick in her mouth, slamming my cock to the back
  of her throat with each brutal thrust of my hips. 
It didn't take me long to cum, I held Emily's head tight and pushed her nose
  into my groin. I could feel her gasping for breath, trying to accommodate my
  dick but she couldn't. Emily struggled against me trying to pull her head off
  my prick but there was nothing she could do as I held her firm. I felt my balls
  start to pulse and my sperm started pumping into her throat. 
That's it slut! I held Emily's head tight to my groin as I felt her lips
  and throat convulsing trying to swallow the thick jets of cum that flooded
  her mouth. 
Oh God! I could feel Monique watching, I closed my eyes and arched back
  my head, it felt so good, Emily was still gagging, desperately trying to swallow
  all the cum I shot in her mouth as my body went numb. 
As soon as I pulled my dick free from her mouth Emily started coughing and
  sputtering. She knew better than to spit up my sperm as she tried to catch
  her breath. Her lips were moist with saliva and cum, thick white globs trailed
  in little lines down her chin. 
Holy shit that was good! I ran my hand through Emily's hair, her face was
  flush and she was still gasping, trying to regain her breath. 
I grabbed hold of Monique's head and pushed my cock toward her mouth, she
  swallowed my slimy cock without hesitation. I could feel her tongue on me,
  lapping my dick like a dog. 
That's it slut. I couldn't help but moan as Monique cleaned me like an expert.
  When I pulled my dick from her mouth I think Monique was disappointed. I could
  hear Jayme moaning to my right, looking at her I could see why, Doc had his
  massive pole buried in her ass, fucking her slowly. 
I'll just be a minute buddy. Doc grabbed for Jayme's hips and started pounding
  into her harder and faster. I could see the grimace on Jayme's face as the
  huge dick spread her wide and drove deep in her rectum. 
There was a small bar on the floor to my left, it was no more than six inches
  off the ground and looked almost like a hitching post. Jayme was screaming
  with each thrust of Doc's dick in her ass as I grabbed for Monique and Emily's
  necks', I pulled them down to the bar, tugging their heads toward the floor
  as I clipped each of them off to the metal with the rings on their collars. 
God that's a beautiful sight. Monique and Emily were on their knees dressed
  in their pretty teddies with their asses high in the air. Jayme started screaming
  louder as Doc started rutting her like an animal, his huge dick pummeling her
  ass. 
I'm going to cum whore! Doc slammed his cock into Jayme and let out a huge
  bellow, he held her hips tight and worked his prick deep in her body, shooting
  his cum to her core. 
I ran my hand through Emily's hair. With their hands locked behind their backs
  it was an awkward position for my girls, they could barely lift their heads
  up off the floor and their asses were up in the air. Emily was whimpering as
  the cum seeped out of her lips. 
Jayme cried out as Doc slid his cock from her stretched ass, she was whining
  as Doc moved toward me. 
Want to go upstairs and get a drink? I looked over at Jayme, Doc had pulled
  the clamps off her labia, and her body was trembling, her tits shuddered as
  she sobbed. 
Yeah, sounds good. Doc smacked Monique on the ass as we headed upstairs.
  Emily's hips wiggled from side to side as Doc and I left the girls alone, for
  the moment at least. 
To Be Continued 
Thanks for reading. I apologize for the long delay in getting this section
  done, I had lots of personal issues over the last couple months that made it
  hard to write, sorry. I always appreciate comments, it's always very encouraging,
  and I especially love hearing from females who like my work. Thanks.semiater
  semiater@yahoo.com 







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cheerleaders Rape and Torture

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By Semiater(semiater@yahoo.com)

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter Thirteen

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There must have been a hundred bikes lined up in the parking lot when I pulled up to the bar and they were all parked in perfectly parallel rows with the chrome gleaming under the bright lights mounted on the front of the building.&nbsp; I looked over at Jim with a mixture of excitement, and the slightest twinge of fear.&nbsp; I&#8217;d heard rumors that the owner ran girls and we were here to see if he wanted to take Lisa off our hands, for a price of course.&nbsp; Three girls were just too many and I was spending too little time with Monique and Emily for my liking.&nbsp; And Jim, Jim was content to just have Tara alone, and who could blame him, she was one hot, feisty slut, even after he&#8217;d gone to great lengths to break her Tara still had that animal instinct not to be tamed, but I knew that wouldn&#8217;t last forever, and until she was broken, it would be one hell of a fun ride.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I opened the door between the front of the van and the back and saw Lisa there, her eyes were bulging and her jaws were spread wide as a large red ball gag was jammed between her teeth.&nbsp; 
Hello slut, how was the trip?&nbsp; Lisa groaned and stared at me with desperation in her eyes.&nbsp; She was in the middle of the van, her hands were bound behind her back and she had a thick leather collar around her neck.&nbsp; She was kneeling on the floor, her thighs and ankles were strapped together with a large dildo buried in her pussy.&nbsp; Jim had welded a pole to the floor and the fake cock was mounted on top of it, just high enough to fill Lisa completely, she must have felt every curve and bump in the road banging straight to her pussy on our little trip.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s get moving.&nbsp; I wonder how it&#8217;s going to go in there?&nbsp; I smacked Jim on the shoulder and worked myself through the little door into the back, Jim hopped out the passenger side and slid open the side door of the van.&nbsp; I could see Lisa&#8217;s whole body shudder as the cool evening air rushed in and played over her naked skin.&nbsp; Her breasts started trembling as I moved closer to her.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but grab hold of her nipple rings and tug hard for one last time.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;ll love it here, I know you&#8217;ve been missing out on getting fucked back at the house.&nbsp; I ran my hand up under Lisa&#8217;s chin.&nbsp; but I just can&#8217;t help but fucking Emily and Monique, they&#8217;re so fucking hot.&nbsp; I could hear Lisa start to whimper as Jim moved to one side of her and worked his hand up underneath her elbow.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Onetwothree.&nbsp; Lisa let out a loud moan as we lifted her and the large dildo popped free from her pussy.&nbsp; The thick black leather shaft shone in the lights, it was soaking wet and covered with Lisa&#8217;s juices.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They&#8217;re going to love you inside slut, look at that dick, its sopping wet.&nbsp; You&#8217;re one dirty little whore, you like being treated like this, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Lisa started sobbing and closed her eyes as I ran my fingers over her wet slit.&nbsp; 
I started undoing the straps that held Lisa&#8217;s ankles and thighs together, but before her legs were free I eased my finger between her spread knees and thrust two fingers in her pussy, she started squealing immediately as I fucked her wet cunt with my hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; Lisa spread her legs even wider and leaned back so she was staring at the ceiling.&nbsp; I kept pumping my fingers deep in her pussy making her groan louder and louder.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you like the idea of spreading your legs for all those paying customers don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s stomach was rolling, her muscles were clinching and unclinching as I brutally fucked her pussy with my fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you going to cum bitch?&nbsp; Lisa moaned and closed her legs on my wrist, squeezing me tight.&nbsp; I could feel her trying to grind her clit against my hand for that last little bit of contact she needed in order to orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I started smacking Lisa&#8217;s breasts with my free hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, cum, orgasm for me!&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s body started bucking, her back was flat against the floor and her hips were bouncing up off the carpet as I kept slapping her tits with my open hand.&nbsp; I could feel her pussy gripping my fingers as I slammed them deep in her snatch.&nbsp; Her legs were locked on my wrist.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut!&nbsp; Lisa was screaming into the ball gag stuffed between her teeth, her eyes were closed and her neck arched back as her body was racked with an intense orgasm, her body spasmed like a kitty into catnip.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think she had a clue where she was, and I know she didn&#8217;t care either.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a good five minutes before Lisa&#8217;s body calmed down, I left my fingers buried in her pussy as she lay back on the floor panting.&nbsp; I heard her let out a cry as I finally pulled my hand from between her trembling thighs slipping my fingers from her tight pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a look of utter degradation in Lisa&#8217;s face when I pulled her upright.&nbsp; I clipped a leash to her collar and helped her out of the van.&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s legs were weary and barely supported her as I held her up against my shoulder.&nbsp; She tried to turn her head away when I started rubbing my slimy hand over her face, spreading her own juices on her skin, but I just grabbed a clump of her hair and held her still to make sure I worked the liquids over every inch of her flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It might drive up your price a little slut, I&#8217;m sure they&#8217;ll like to know what a horny bitch you are.&nbsp; Lisa started sobbing as her body shivered in the cool night air.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready to head inside girl?&nbsp; I tugged on Lisa&#8217;s leash to make sure her legs were stable enough to walk.&nbsp; I reached out and grabbed her tits in my hands, I was going to miss her, she&#8217;d been fun to play with, but I also knew I needed to spend more time with Monique and Emily, they were my two favorites and made my dick grow just thinking about them.&nbsp; I knew I hadn&#8217;t been giving them near as much attention as I should.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My heart was pounding as I reached for the bar&#8217;s door handle, it was an elaborately carved horn rubbed smooth by countless hands over the years.&nbsp; I could hear the crowd inside, the clanking of beer bottles and boisterous laughter rang through the eerily dark night.&nbsp; I took a deep breath and opened the door.&nbsp; 
I had barely got inside when the bar went silent, I could feel hundreds of eyes turn toward me as I pulled Lisa gently through the opening.&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s high pitched scream was muffled by the gag in her mouth and the loud thud of her heels were like rifle shots through the night on the rickety wooden floor.&nbsp; I thought she might faint, but I knew Jim would be there to grab her if she stumbled.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The crowd parted for me like the waters of the Red sea as I moved toward the bar, I held firm to the leash and pulled Lisa in close behind me.&nbsp; I&#8217;d almost expected the naked girl to incite a riot of hands trying to grab for her, but there was nothing, just awestruck gazes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I took hold of the edge of the bar more to support myself than anything.&nbsp; My heart was pounding as the adrenaline raced through my veins.&nbsp; My legs were shaky and holding onto the bar helped give me the strength I needed to speak.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want to speak to the owner.&nbsp; The man behind the bar was dark and swarthy looking, he had long hair tied up in a pony tail and his muscled arms were covered in tattoos.&nbsp; He just stared at me for a second, then he turned his attention to Lisa, I could feel her behind me pressing close for protection, I could feel her breasts against my back and I could hear her panting, the wind whistling through her nose as she breathed deeply.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll see if he&#8217;s in.&nbsp; I could still feel the eyes upon me, or more precisely on Lisa.&nbsp; The room started to come back to life.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think naked women on leashes were brought in every day, but in this bar, it was probably a hell of a lot more common than most.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Some of the more bold men started moving in on me.&nbsp; I could hear Lisa start to squeal as a few of them reached out to touch her but I didn&#8217;t mind.&nbsp; I enjoyed the terror that I could feel seeping from Lisa&#8217;s body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He&#8217;ll see you now.&nbsp; I was startled, I hadn&#8217;t seen the bartender come back, next to him now there was a huge man dressed in a suit that seemed much too small.&nbsp; He had no neck and it looked like his forearms would rip through the jacket if he moved.&nbsp; I nervously tugged on the leash clipped to Lisa&#8217;s collar and pulled her toward the back room.&nbsp; I could hear her whimpering as the hands reached out for her, touching whatever they could of her soft delicate skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The passage started getting darker and darker as we moved down the narrow hallway.&nbsp; I&#8217;d never actually been to the bar, it had a rough reputation that I didn&#8217;t much want to find out about, fights were common almost every night.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here we are.&nbsp; The huge man came to a halt, he knocked twice on the door and it opened.&nbsp; I followed the goliath inside dragging Lisa close behind me.&nbsp; I was shocked how bright and clean the back room was.&nbsp; The music from the bar was pumped in at a low volume and TV monitors covered the walls.&nbsp; It looked like there must have been 20-30 cameras linked to the screens and they seemed to capture everything on the floor, but I was more interested in the ones with live feeds from the rooms behind the scenes.&nbsp; On one monitor I could see two guys double fucking some tiny chick, her legs were splayed wide and she was on her back on top of one guy while another rammed his cock in her pussy from above, it looked brutal.&nbsp; There must have been at least 10 girls working the rooms, at least that&#8217;s the number of beds I saw in use based on the monitors.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bouncer moved behind an older guy and took up a defensive position.&nbsp; The older guy was sitting down in a oversized lazy-boy with a tired, but beautiful, looking girl kneeling by his side.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think she looked more than 18, she looked nervous and scared.&nbsp; She had a hot little body with nice large breasts.&nbsp; 
The old guy needed the big chair, he must have been pushing 400 lbs and was dressed in old blue jeans and a ratty looking shirt, a large cowboy hat covered his balding head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What can I do you for boys?&nbsp; There were no pleasantries to be had and I got down to business, I grabbed Lisa by the elbow and pushed her forward, I could feel her whole body shaking as she stumbled up next to me.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;m looking to get rid of this girl, I don&#8217;t need her anymore.&nbsp; The old guy looked Lisa up and down.&nbsp; I watched her face got bright red as he inspected her.&nbsp; 
What&#8217;s wrong with her, she looks like a hot piece of ass.&nbsp; The old guy tapped his lap and I pushed Lisa toward him.&nbsp; Her knee&#8217;s buckled as he grabbed for her arm and she fell into his lap.&nbsp; I could hear her let out a loud squeal as he clamped his hands on her tits and started tugging at her nipple rings.&nbsp; 
I like the jewelry.&nbsp; He tugged on her sensitive flesh like it was a rubber band, pulling hard then letting go making her skin stretch and contract.&nbsp; 
She&#8217;s young, not sure if I can put her on the floor yet.&nbsp; I could feel all the eyes on me, besides the one body guard there were about 4 other guys, all about the same size, and standing idly around the room.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Lisa started screaming into the gag as the old guy thrust two fingers deep in her snatch.&nbsp; She tried to get to her feet but he held her hips so she couldn&#8217;t move.
I like her tight little pussy, I&#8217;m going to have to test her out, me and the boys that is.&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s breasts started trembling like she was on fire, her loud cries echoed off the polished steel and glass that covered the walls.&nbsp; 
No problem, no problem at all.&nbsp; The old guy snapped his fingers and the bouncer grabbed Lisa off his lap, I could see her skin grow red where he held her firm in his grip.&nbsp; 
Don&#8217;t worry, if she&#8217;s as good a fuck as I think, I&#8217;ll make it worth your while.&nbsp; The old guy used the big chair as a lever and struggled to his feet, the girl to his side tried to help him up though he must have outweighed her by 300 lbs and she couldn&#8217;t do much.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;m Mack by the way and this is my place; Mack&#8217;s bar and whorehouse.&nbsp; He gestured at the monitors and smiled.&nbsp; 
Have a seat.&nbsp; Mack snapped his fingers and the bouncer dragged Lisa out of the room, she struggled fruitlessly the whole way.&nbsp; In spite of the gag I could hear her desperate screams wafting down the hall as she moved out of sight.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Mack flipped the channel on the big plasma screen in the corner of the room.&nbsp; The image switched from the tiny girl getting double teamed to the bouncer spreading Lisa out on the bed.&nbsp; I could see her writhing around trying to fight him but he held her down easily as he tied her wrists and ankles to the four corners of the mattress.&nbsp; Her breasts were heaving as she tried desperately to close her legs.&nbsp; 
Don&#8217;t mind my hairy ass on screen, I&#8217;ve got a long hard dick for your girl and that&#8217;s all that matters.&nbsp; Mack flipped his hat onto the rack by the door, it landed perfectly on one of the hooks.&nbsp; 
Time to get to work, it&#8217;s a hard life running this bar.&nbsp; Mack roared in joy, his belly laugh was contagious and I couldn&#8217;t help but chuckle along with him.&nbsp; 
If you need anything Carrie here can help you.&nbsp; The young girl smiled uneasily.
Take off that top slut, show them your tits and make them comfortable.&nbsp; Mack winked over at Jim and I then started down the hall toward Lisa.&nbsp; I could still hear him huffing as he moved out of sight.&nbsp; 
Carrie sulked toward where Jim and I sat on the couch, she peeled her top off easily and revealed her large beautiful tits.&nbsp; The reluctance was evident in her face as she slipped the short skirt down over her thighs and exposed her smoothly shaven pussy.&nbsp; 
I could see Carrie trembling, she looked so very young and nervous as she moved toward me.&nbsp; Out of the corner of my eye I caught one of the bouncers glaring at her and Carrie must have noticed too because I could see the jolt through her system as the trepidation grew on her face.&nbsp; Her voice was quiet and barely audible.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Can I suck your cock Sir.&nbsp; Carrie fell to her knees in front of me and squeezed her breasts together, her nipples were hard and erect, they were perfect and I could tell they were all natural.&nbsp; 
I reached out and ran my hand through Carrie&#8217;s hair, her blonde locks were long and smooth.&nbsp; Behind the girl, on the TV, I could see Mack enter the room where Lisa was bound spread eagle to the bed, there was no volume with the video, but I knew she was desperately screaming into the gag stuffed between her teeth, the image was clear and I could see the revulsion on her face as the big man loomed above her.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Mack was revolting and there was no foreplay whatsoever, the fat man climbed between Lisa&#8217;s widely splayed legs and rammed home in one brutal movement of his hips.&nbsp; He started to pound into my pet as Carrie opened my fly and gently caressed my dick out.&nbsp; I felt a tingle go down my spine as her soft hands began stroking me.&nbsp; I threw my head back and groaned as Carrie circled my prick with her long fingers.&nbsp; Every so often I caught her looking up with fear at the bodyguard standing near the door as she slowly&nbsp; stroked my cock.&nbsp; 
I jerked my hips up as Carrie closed her lips around my cock, I could hear her gag as I drove my dick to the back of her throat.&nbsp; Carrie started bobbing up and down on my prick as I watched Mack drive his hips into Lisa violently, forcing his cock deep in her pussy.&nbsp; I could see her legs straining against the bonds that held her as the fat man crushed her under his massive weight.&nbsp; 
I could only see Lisa&#8217;s legs and arms from under the jiggling, overweight man as he pumped his dick in her pussy again and again on screen.&nbsp; Carrie was sucking my cock like and expert and I knew she must have been put through her paces at the bar the way she used her tongue on my dick and swallowed me whole.&nbsp; With one hand Carrie massaged my balls and with the other she was trying to undue Jim&#8217;s fly.&nbsp; I loved the way her lips closed down on my prick, sucking hard on the mushroomed head of my cock as she almost popped her mouth free of my shaft, just keeping her tongue in contact with me and looking up with those fear filled eyes.&nbsp; 
I heard Jim moan, as to my left Carrie&#8217;s soft hand eased his dick free from his pants.&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s fingers encircled the base of my prick as she moved her wet mouth up and down over the length of my member.&nbsp; 
I saw Mack&#8217;s huge body shudder as he brutally slammed his hips into Lisa&#8217;s spread legs.&nbsp; Watching Mack&#8217;s hips twitch like a beached whale I closed my eyes and flung my head back into the cushion, I bucked with my hips as my balls started pumping cum in Carrie&#8217;s pretty little mouth.&nbsp; Her hand was moving up and down over Jim&#8217;s cock as she sucked all the sperm from my pulsing dick.&nbsp; 
I couldn&#8217;t help but groan in pleasure as Carrie sat back on her haunches and opened her mouth, I could see my thick white cum coating her tongue and lips.&nbsp; Carrie shuddered as Mack walked back into the room, she looked up at him just as she was about to speak.&nbsp; 
May I please swallow your cum Master?&nbsp; I watched as Mack stood near the doorway, looming in the opening watching every move Carrie made.&nbsp; She put out her tongue and a glistening line of sperm trailed down over her chin, she still had Jim&#8217;s cock in her hand and was gently stroking him as I nodded my head gently, Carrie closed her eyes and grimaced as she pulled in her tongue and swallowed my cum. 
Without hesitation Carrie shuffled to my left and wrapped her large breasts around Jim&#8217;s dick, she squeezed her large mounds together around his prick and started sliding up and down giving him what appeared to be a most wonderful titty fuck.&nbsp; Pre-cum shimmered off Carrie&#8217;s smooth white skin as she rubbed the head of Jim&#8217;s cock against her chest.&nbsp; Mack stood transfixed watching the scene as one of the bodyguards slipped out of the room and popped up on screen.&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t more than a few seconds before he climbed between Lisa&#8217;s spread legs and thrust his prick into her bound body, I could almost imagine how she screamed as I saw the bed start to move.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp; Carrie let out a screech as Jim grabbed for the back of her head, he held her by the hair and started beating off in her face.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think the girl knew what was happening, I could hear her whimpering as Jim sat up on the couch and aimed the head of his cock at Carrie&#8217;s pretty features.&nbsp; The girl&#8217;s face contorted as the first jet of cum splattered against her forehead.&nbsp; I saw her close her eyes tight as Jim&#8217;s dick continued spurting warm gelatinous sperm on her face and hair.&nbsp; 
As soon as Jim&#8217;s prick stopped shooting cum he let go of Carrie&#8217;s hair.&nbsp; I could hear her sobbing as she knelt between Jim&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; 
Stop crying you little slut.&nbsp; Mack&#8217;s booming voice rang through the room, his bodyguard was still busily pumping his cock deep in Lisa&#8217;s pussy on screen.&nbsp; My dick started to tingle when I saw Carrie&#8217;s cum covered face, thick white lines of sperm trailed over her pretty skin plastering her right eye shut.&nbsp; 
Mack fell back in his huge chair and watched the TV screen for a minute, then looked at Carrie, her back was racked with spasms as she sobbed.&nbsp; 
Clean those dicks slut, I still see your saliva on that cock, use those tits for something good.&nbsp; Carrie got up on her knees and squeezed her breasts around Jim&#8217;s prick again wiping the cum from the head of his cock.&nbsp; Jim reached out and grabbed for Carrie&#8217;s hair adding insult to injury as he rubbed his dick dry with her long blonde locks. 
Carrie was crying as she shuffled between my thighs and started rubbing her soft, smooth breasts over my cock.&nbsp; I loved the way the cum ran down her face, she looked up at me with one eye open and the other was covered with sperm and sealed her eyelashes together.&nbsp; I could see the tears streaking down her face.&nbsp; 
Why don&#8217;t you show these boys what I&#8217;ve been teaching you.&nbsp; Carrie ran her nipples over the length of my shaft and got to her feet, she reached for a towel on the small end table next to me.
NO!&nbsp; Mack roared in anger, I could see Carrie jump in fear.&nbsp; Leave that cum on your face girl, I like you that look for you, don&#8217;t you agree boys.&nbsp; On screen the bouncer was still grinding deep into Lisa&#8217;s belly with his large cock.
Yeah, it&#8217;s hot seeing a slut&#8217;s face covered in cum.&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s face went a deep shade of red as lines of sperm streaked down her chin.&nbsp; 
I hope you boys don&#8217;t mind taking cash?&nbsp; Mack let out a boorish laugh and nodded to one of his huge bouncers.&nbsp; 
I can&#8217;t say I&#8217;m real friendly with the IRS, I like to keep my business private and pay my debts with the good old green stuff.&nbsp; The bouncers slid a huge roll of notes into Mack&#8217;s hand.&nbsp; Carrie climbed on the couch and straddled me, she started grinding her hips against my body, I could already feel my dick coming to life again as she started giving me a wonderful lap dance.&nbsp; 
She&#8217;s new and needs practice, but she&#8217;s cute, so I&#8217;ve kept her back here so far.&nbsp; I guess if she misbehaves I&#8217;ll have to send her out on the floor.&nbsp; Carrie started driving her pelvis on my cock with even more earnestness.&nbsp; She had her hands inside my shirt and was running her nails over my chest.&nbsp; 
Do you think $10,000 is a fair price for the girl?&nbsp; My eyes were following Carrie&#8217;s nipples as she ground her body against mine.&nbsp; A second bouncer snuck out of the room and quickly mounted Lisa once his friend was done.&nbsp; 
How about $12K, she&#8217;s young and pretty with not much use.&nbsp; Jim piped up to my left, it was all for the better that he took hold of the negotiations, I couldn&#8217;t concentrate with Carrie on my lap.&nbsp; 
Well, it&#8217;s more than I like to pay, but damn that pussy was so tight it hurt my dick.&nbsp; Where did you boys get that girl?&nbsp; There was an uncomfortable pause before Jim spoke up.
I&#8217;d rather not say.&nbsp; Jim was the master of the deal at this point, I was distracted and I didn&#8217;t care what went on as I took hold of Carrie&#8217;s waist and held her tight.
Oh shucks, I understand.&nbsp; Mack winked at Jim and started pealing off hundreds from the roll.&nbsp; I reached out and grabbed for Carrie&#8217;s tits, she let out a small cry as I pinched her nipples but she kept grinding her hips against my quickly hardening cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a layer of perspiration covering Carrie&#8217;s body when I finally let her climb off my lap, she&#8217;d worked hard grinding her hips into me, but I don&#8217;t think she had much of a choice as I looked at Mack.&nbsp; My dick was hard and showed with a large bulge in my pants but I didn&#8217;t care.&nbsp; Jim got up and took the huge wad of bills from Mack and shook his hand.&nbsp; It took me a few seconds before I was able to get to my feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Carrie was kneeling on the floor next to Mack when I shook his hand.&nbsp; The lines of cum on her face were no longer distinct, they&#8217;d run down her chin and over her chest.&nbsp; Drops of semen spotted her gorgeous tits as her eyes fluttered looking up at me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You boys should stick around.&nbsp; The fourth bouncer was just climbing off Lisa.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think I&#8217;m going to have a little contest tonight, your girl, what did you say her name was again?&nbsp; I watched the TV screen as the swarthy looking bartender mounted Lisa and started fucking her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa, her name is Lisa.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa, I don&#8217;t like that name, I&#8217;ll have to come up with something different.&nbsp; Mack leaned back in the chair, he snapped his fingers at Carrie and she climbed on his lap.&nbsp; She straddled him as well as she could and started grinding her hips into his lap.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to have a little show with her tonight I want to see how much cum she can swallow.&nbsp; Mack twisted Carrie&#8217;s nipples till she yelped.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last girl I had come through swallowed so many guys semen that her belly started to bulge.&nbsp; Damn if it wasn&#8217;t hot to watch her coughing up sperm the rest of the night.&nbsp; Of course I couldn&#8217;t put her out on the floor right away, but I sure did like see her get cummed on like that.&nbsp; Mack let go of Carrie&#8217;s nipples and grabbed her hips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think Carrie here is going to be her fluffer and I&#8217;ll set up this big old funnel I&#8217;ve got and let the boys shoot in there and Lisa can swallow it all.&nbsp; Hell, I might even let the boys get a few strokes in her pussy for free, I&#8217;ll set her up on a bench with her legs spread wide, stuff like that always gets them hot and they&#8217;ll come back for more later, there was a huge grin on Mack&#8217;s face, but then I can charge them for the fuck of course.&nbsp; I could hear Carrie crying as Mack grabbed for her nipples again and held them tight, pulling and pinching them till they were red.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, I&#8217;d love to see it Mack, but we&#8217;ve got a long drive back.&nbsp; I really would have liked to stick around, the thought of Lisa swallowing all that cum turned me on, but I knew I couldn&#8217;t leave Monique and Emily alone for too long.&nbsp; 
Mack was distracted for a second and didn&#8217;t seem to hear me, then suddenly remembered we were still there.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I understand, whataya say I&#8217;ll make a tape for you and send it off.&nbsp; Mack winked.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve got a pretty good business in video&#8217;s boys.&nbsp; He took hold of Carrie&#8217;s waist and was sliding her over his hard cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was nice doing business with you boys, stop by any time, I&#8217;m always on the lookout for young hot pussy so don&#8217;t be shy about dropping in, and you know I&#8217;ll pay top dollar.&nbsp; 
Thanks Mack.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t even know if Mack realized we&#8217;d left, he was totally distracted by Carrie as Jim and I were led out by the bouncers, and the truth is, I didn&#8217;t blame him, she was one hot slut.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bar was still full when Jim and I walked out but this time none of the other patrons seemed to care about us as we squeezed through the boisterous crowd.&nbsp; We hopped in the van and headed for home.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t wait to get home and crawl into bed with my girls.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

To Be Continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Thanks.semiater&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; semiater@yahoo.com










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cheerleaders Rape and Torture

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By Semiater (semiater@yahoo.com)

Chapter Fourteen

I woke up between Monique and Emily, their warm bodies felt so good against my skin.&nbsp; 
Jim and I had pulled in late and all I ended up doing was letting my girls out of their cages and fell fast to sleep in their arms.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique let out a gentle cooing sound as I rolled her on her side and slipped out of bed.&nbsp; For an instant I watched my pets sleep, they were so very beautiful and I loved knowing they were mine.&nbsp; My dick started twitching and I thought about rolling Emily onto her back and fucking her, but I figured I&#8217;d go grab something to drink first, her tight pussy would be waiting for me when I got back.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim was already in the kitchen sipping his coffee as I walked in.&nbsp; Tara was kneeling at his feet with her ass in the air wiggling ever so slightly.&nbsp; The position looked uncomfortable and odd, then I noticed her mouth was locked around a dildo that rose up from the floor.&nbsp; It looked like the rubber shaft was attached to the hardwood with a suction cup and Tara was trying to deep throat the whole length.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Very nice.&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s body twitched as I ran my hand over her ass.&nbsp; Very nice indeed.&nbsp; Tara couldn&#8217;t look up at me, her nose was pressed against the floor as her lips almost touched the ball sack of the dildo in her mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; I forced one finger in her wet pussy making her groan.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And she&#8217;s wet too.&nbsp; I looked at Jim and grinned. You must be doing something right.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard Tara moan as I pulled my finger from her snatch and went to the fridge for a drink.&nbsp; I grabbed a bottle of water and sat down at the table next to Jim.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So what do you have planned for today?&nbsp; I ran my hand over Tara&#8217;s back, her skin was so smooth and soft, I could feel her muscles tighten under my touch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, I was thinking we should have a little contest.&nbsp; Jim&#8217;s smile was sadistic, I could hear Tara groaning as I flicked her hard little clit with my forefinger.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A contest?&nbsp; I pinched Tara&#8217;s swollen nub between my fingers making her grunt in discomfort.&nbsp; 
What do you have in mind?&nbsp; Jim grinned, I knew he had something devious planned already, he&#8217;d probably been thinking about it for days.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come downstairs with me and I&#8217;ll show you.&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s ass swayed side to side as I let go of her sensitive flesh.&nbsp; Jim must have got up early to set up whatever he&#8217;d done.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t move slut, and I don&#8217;t want you touching yourself when we&#8217;re gone.&nbsp; I could see Tara try and twist her head to the side so she could see Jim and I, but with her mouth down over the dildo and her hair spread over her face I don&#8217;t think she could see a thing.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I followed Jim down the stairs into the basement, at first I didn&#8217;t see what he&#8217;d done, then I noticed the ropes strung across from wall to wall.&nbsp; They were set about waist height and thick knots were tied every two feet or so.&nbsp; Jim had pulled the ropes incredibly taut using little ratchets we had on the tow trucks that were used to strap down a car.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What is it?&nbsp; Jim grinned maliciously at me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t you see, we put the girls over the rope then make them walk along.&nbsp; Jim let out a chuckle as he rubbed one of the knots between his fingers. We see who gets across first.&nbsp; Jim winked, Of course the rope and the knots will be rubbing in their slits the whole time, and that will add to the fun.&nbsp; I reached out to touch the rope, it was rough and Jim had made the knots huge.&nbsp; I started to smirk as I thought about the wickedness of the plan.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, what are we waiting for, let&#8217;s go get the girls.&nbsp; I felt a twinge of excitement run through my body as we raced up the stairs.&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s ass shifted side to side as she tried to find a comfortable position kneeling on the floor.&nbsp; Jim grabbed her by the hair and lifted her head up off the dildo, I could see it was covered with saliva as Tara looked at Jim with wide fearful eyes.&nbsp; 
It&#8217;s time for some fun girl, and I expect you to win!&nbsp; Jim got Tara up on her knees and grabbed for her arms, he twisted her wrists behind her back and clipped her cuffs together while I headed down into my bedroom for Monique and Emily.&nbsp; 
The girls were still locked in sleep as I burst through the door.&nbsp; I heard Monique moan and look up at me, my dick was already hard and I could feel the shiver of excitement through my body.&nbsp; 
Time to get up girls!&nbsp; Emily yawned, it was such a delicate and pretty image I almost felt bad grabbing her wrist, there was a look of shock on her face as I rolled her over onto her belly and locked her cuffs together behind her back.&nbsp; 
Without a word from me Monique flipped over onto her stomach went face down on the bed, she put her wrists in the small of her back waiting for me to cuff her hands.
I slid my hand between Monique&#8217;s thighs and opened her leg&#8217;s wide, she didn&#8217;t fight me at all.&nbsp; I could hear her start to groan as I ran my hand over her soft skin, I slipped my finger over her slit between the folds of her pussy lips.&nbsp; Monique was moaning as spread her labia with my fingers, I could see Monique&#8217;s hands ball into little fists as I opened up her beautiful pink snatch and ran my fingernail over her sensitive skin.&nbsp; 
You&#8217;ve been up only two minutes slut and you&#8217;re already wet.&nbsp; Monique started to squeal as I flicked her clit with the tip of my finger.&nbsp; I could see her toes stretching out like a ballet dancer&#8217;s, I couldn&#8217;t keep the smile from my face as I slid my finger over the length of her pussy, I loved knowing she was my&nbsp; slave.&nbsp; 
You&#8217;re such a slut.&nbsp; The muscles of Monique&#8217;s legs were quivering and I could see her little clit pulsing as I teased the folds of her sex.&nbsp; 
Monique yelped as I smacked her ass, I think surprised by the suddenness of the change.
It&#8217;s time to get up slave, it&#8217;s time for a little game girls&#8217;.&nbsp; I grabbed Monique by the shoulders and got her up on her knees, I forced my hand up between her legs and pushed a finger into her pussy, I could hear her whimper as I twisted my finger inside her.&nbsp; 
That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; I think you&#8217;re going to like what we have planned.&nbsp; I pulled my finger from Monique&#8217;s snatch and got her to her feet.&nbsp; 
Stay still.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s legs were trembling as she stood straight, almost at attention with her hands clipped behind her back.&nbsp; 
I climbed on the bed and fell on top of Emily and started grinding my hips into her ass, I was hard and I knew she could feel my dick rubbing against her body.&nbsp; 
God I want to fuck you baby.&nbsp; I whispered into Emily&#8217;s ear as I ground my prick against her ass, she had her legs spread, and I thought I heard her moan.&nbsp; 
That&#8217;s it slut, you like it, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Emily pushed her head into the covers trying to silence the sounds that escaped her body.&nbsp; 
I bet you want me to fuck your ass, don&#8217;t you cunt.&nbsp; I worked my hands through Emily&#8217;s hair and lifted her head.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;d love to fuck you right now baby, but for the moment there are other plans.&nbsp; I got off Emily, my dick was hard and ached as I grabbed her under the shoulders and picked her up off the bed.&nbsp; 
Get off the bed slut.&nbsp; I stood back as Emily struggled off the mattress.&nbsp; It was so hot seeing her try to get to her feet without the use of her hands.&nbsp; She got into position next to Monique, her nipples were hard and I could see her body shuddering as she kept her eyes low.&nbsp; 
God I&#8217;m so lucky!&nbsp; I wound my fingers through their hair and started leading the lovely pair toward the basement.&nbsp; My dick was aching so bad it hurt.&nbsp; 
I could hear Emily gasp as we stepped out into the basement.&nbsp; Jim was leaning against the wall next to Tara, he already had her straddling the rope, I could see the discomfort in her face as I saw the rough cord up between her slit, she was perched high on her tip toes.&nbsp; I felt the slightest recoil from Emily as she saw Tara standing there.&nbsp; 
We&#8217;re going to have a little contest girls.&nbsp; I heard Emily start to whimper as I led her toward Tara and the ropes.&nbsp; 
I let go of Monique&#8217;s hair.
Get on your knees slave.&nbsp; Monique fell to her knees with a thud and I pushed Emily toward the rope right next to Tara.&nbsp; Jim had aligned the ropes so they were 4 or 5 feet apart.&nbsp; I grabbed Emily around the waist and lifted her up.
Open those legs bitch.&nbsp; Emily was sobbing as she spread her legs.&nbsp; I slowly let her down till she was straddling the rough rope like Tara, she yelped as it rubbed against her sensitive pussy.&nbsp; 
Oweeee, please.&nbsp; The rope was too tall and Emily could barely touch the floor with the tips of her toes.&nbsp; I held her balanced on the cord as it dug into her pussy.&nbsp; Jim worked quickly to adjust the rope down.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but reach out for Emily&#8217;s nipple and pinch hard making her scream.
It took only a couple minutes for Jim to fix the ropes height and Emily was standing over it, straddling it, she was up on her toes like a ballerina with the cord buried in her slit.&nbsp; I stood in front of her and started fingering her clit, I could wait to see the large knots rubbing against her sensitive flesh.&nbsp; 
Are you going to cum for me slut?&nbsp; I ran my hand over Emily&#8217;s belly, I could feel her muscles quivering and I couldn&#8217;t help but smile.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard Emily groan as my hand left her trembling stomach and moved to Monique, she was kneeling on the floor with her eyes fixed on the ground.&nbsp; I grabbed her under the shoulders and helped her to her feet.&nbsp; The rope was set at the perfect height as I lifted her over it.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s whole body shuddered as I spread her labia and slipped the rope between her slit.&nbsp; Her clit was hard, and she was sopping wet already.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I ran my hand over Monique&#8217;s chest, she closed her eyes and moaned as I flicked her hard nipples with the tip of my finger.&nbsp; Her body swayed as she shifted her weight from leg to leg, I could see her hips twitching as she moved against the rope.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim was smiling as I stood next to him.&nbsp; I could feel the eyes of the girls&#8217; on us.&nbsp; I looked across the room.&nbsp; It had to be a good 25&#8217;.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I say go,&nbsp; I could hear Emily sobbing, the tears were running down her face in a torrent, you&#8217;re to walk across the room.&nbsp; And for the loser.&nbsp; Emily couldn&#8217;t contain herself, .&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ready, set, go.&nbsp; Jim smacked Tara on the ass and she let out a yelp.&nbsp; Monique took short steps and started out fast.&nbsp; I watched as her pussy slid over the rope and she approached the first knot.&nbsp; Her whole body convulsed as the thick ball rubbed against her clit and spread her labia.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOOHHHHHH GOODDD.&nbsp; Monique tried to get up on her tip toes.&nbsp; She leaned forward and groaned.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God!&nbsp; Her whole body spasmed as she passed over the first knot, Monique squeezed her legs together and I thought she&#8217;d lose her balance as her body was rocked with convulsions.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s eyes were locked on her friend as Monique&#8217;s legs trembled.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily heard the swish through the air too late.&nbsp; She screamed as the leather head of the crop landed on her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get moving.&nbsp; Again I laid another blow on her ass and she jerked forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PLLLEEAAAASSEEE.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s torso swayed side to side as she inched forward on the rope.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PLLLEEAASSEE NO!!!&nbsp; I smacked the crop down on Emily&#8217;s ass.&nbsp; She hopped from toe to toe moving forward, wailing as the tears streaked down her cheeks.&nbsp; She looked at me with desperate, pleading eyes.&nbsp; She shrieked as I landed another blow with the crop on her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOOHHHH&nbsp; GOOODDDDD!!!&nbsp; Monique almost collapsed as her spread pussy lips slid over the third knot.&nbsp; Her thighs were trembling and she was bent over the rope till her chest was almost touching it.&nbsp; Her eyes were closed and her calves were twitching violently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I can&#8217;t take it!!!&nbsp; Monique cried out just as the crop swished through the air, she let out a scream as the leather struck her bottom with a loud thwack.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PLLLLLeeaasseee.&nbsp; I looked over at Emily, she was looking up at me with tear filled eyes, she&#8217;d inched forward till the first knot was against her clit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please, I can&#8217;t!&nbsp; I started to lift the crop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;NOOOOO!&nbsp; Emily was sobbing hard as she moved forward.&nbsp; I watched in fascination as the thick knot scraped against her clit and disappeared into the folds of her sex, Emily screamed, her loud piercing cry echoed in the cavernous basement.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked to my left, Tara was sobbing as she took baby steps forward.&nbsp; Jim was in front of her, he had hold of her nipples and was pulling her inexorably forward.&nbsp; I was absolutely loving the game, it was so perfect and my dick was about to blow.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t know how long it lasted, it must have been a good twenty or thirty minutes if not more.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know how many orgasms Monique had but her inner thighs were covered in her own juices.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s ass was glowing red with the marks of the crop, and Tara was crying like a child, so different than the hard, arrogant attitude she&#8217;d had when I first captured her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I started running my hand over Monique&#8217;s back.&nbsp; Her legs were twitching like mad and she could barely stay up on her toes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God, please, I can&#8217;t take it anymore, please.&nbsp; Monique was almost to the opposite wall, there were only two more knots to go.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please!&nbsp; She looked up at me with desperate eyes.&nbsp; I grabbed for her nipples and tugged forward, her inner thighs convulsed as I pulled her over the penultimate knot.
PPLLLLLLEEEEAASSSSEEEEEEE.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s legs were shaking, her knees would have buckled if not for the rope up between her thighs.&nbsp; The long cord spread across the room sagged under the weight of Monique&#8217;s body as it dug deep between the folds of her sex.&nbsp; 
OOOHHH GOOODDDDD.&nbsp; I pulled Monique&#8217;s nipples taut and jerked her forwards.&nbsp; I watched as her cunt lips spread and swallow the last knot on the rope.&nbsp; Her whole body seemed to explode and her torso started to shudder.&nbsp; Her tits started to jiggle as yet another orgasm ripped through her belly, her pointed toes collapsed, sending all her weight down on the rope up between her slit.&nbsp; 
Monique managed to get back up on her cramping toes taking the weight off her sensitive pussy, her loud cries echoed through the basement
Emily was sobbing and perched up on the tips of her toes trying desperately to lift off the rough nylon.&nbsp; Tears ran down her cheeks and dribbled off her chin.&nbsp; She started crying louder as I moved toward her.&nbsp; I could hear Tara screaming as Jim pushed a vibrator against her swollen, aching clit.&nbsp; She could barely keep her balance as her legs spasmed and she hopped from leg to leg trying to keep her weight off the rope up between her legs..&nbsp; 
Emily cowered away from me as I reached out and ran my hand over her belly.&nbsp; There was a sheen of sweat over her hard smooth tummy.&nbsp; 
Please, I can&#8217;t go any further.&nbsp; Emily started to shriek as I slid my finger over her snatch and started rubbing her hard clit.&nbsp; 
PPLLLLEEEAAASSSSEEEE, STOOPPP, PLEEEAAASSEEEEEEEEEE!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s thighs started to twitch as I flicked her hard little nub with my finger.&nbsp; 
I couldn&#8217;t take it anymore, my dick was aching and I grabbed for Emily&#8217;s waist, I picked her up off the rope and set her down on the floor, her legs were weak and she could barely stand her body was like jell-o.&nbsp; 
On your knees slut!&nbsp; Emily was sobbing as she fell to her knees on the cold concrete of the basement.&nbsp; I pulled my cock out and knelt behind her, when she felt my chest against her back she started to cry even louder.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
I kicked Emily&#8217;s knees wider with my leg, then pushed down on her back till she was bent at the waist.&nbsp; I grabbed for her long beautiful hair and wound my fingers through her soft locks.&nbsp; I jabbed forward with my dick making Emily squeal as I slammed against her hips and buried my cock in her raw, wet pussy.&nbsp; I bent down and whispered into her ear.
Make me cum slut, squeeze that pussy on me, choke my cock and make me fill your cunt with my hot sperm.&nbsp; I pulled hard on Emily&#8217;s hair and tugged her head back.&nbsp; I started pounding into her pussy making her grunt with each deep thrust of my cock.&nbsp; I could feel her long fingers balling into little fists as her arms were pinned between our bodies.&nbsp; 
My ears were ringing and my dick never felt so hard.&nbsp; The head of my cock went deep in Emily&#8217;s tight snatch.&nbsp; I had my mouth against her ear, panting, I loved the sound of Emily grunting as I buried my prick in her belly.
That&#8217;s it cunt, make me cum!&nbsp; I could feel Emily&#8217;s vaginal muscles convulsing, I knew I couldn&#8217;t take it much longer as I felt her pussy clamping down on my pulsing cock.
That&#8217;s it whore, tell me you want me to cum in your pussy.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s body was jerked forward with each brutal thrust of my hips.&nbsp; I held her upright with my fingers wound through her hair.
Plleeasuuugggghhhhh.&nbsp; I was rutting Emily as hard as I could, using every ounce of strength to bury my dick in her hole.&nbsp; I loved the sound of her grunting.&nbsp; She could barely get out the words I wanted so much to hear.
Pllleeeuugghooowwweeeeee.&nbsp; My heart was pounding, I could hear the thudding of my chest ringing through my ears.&nbsp; I pulled hard on Emily&#8217;s hair and arched her head back.
Pllleasssseeee, cum in myuuggghhhhhcum in my pussyuggghhhhhMaster.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s words were like setting off dynamite, my dick exploded and I felt my balls spasm.&nbsp; I pulled hard on her hair and jerked my hips into her, burying my cock to the hilt in her pussy.&nbsp; I could feel her cunt muscles contracting and choking down on my prick.&nbsp; 
That&#8217;s it slave!&nbsp; Emily let out a loud guttural groan as I jerked my hips into her, I could feel the semen still shooting from my dick for what seemed like minutes.&nbsp; 
OOHHHH GOODDD!!!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s knees bucked and I collapsed on top of her.&nbsp; I let go of her hair and started rocking my hips, draining every last drop of sperm into her convulsing pussy.&nbsp; I loved the feel of her under me, her body trembling, the sound of her sobbing as I slid my dick in and out of her tight snatch.&nbsp; 
My heart was beating like mad as I laid my head down on Emily&#8217;s soft hair.&nbsp; I was breathing hard into her ear, my hot breath playing over her skin, I could hear her whimpering under me.
God you&#8217;re one hot little slut!&nbsp; I could feel her fingers against my belly clinching and unclenching as they were pinned between our bodies.&nbsp; 
I didn&#8217;t want to move, I felt completely at ease laying atop the sobbing girl.&nbsp; My prick was so sensitive as I slowly slid out of Emily&#8217;s twitching pussy.&nbsp; I sat on my knees for a minute trying to regain my composure.&nbsp; I could hear Tara crying across the room.&nbsp; Jim had her legs bent back so her feet were almost touching the floor and he was on top of her, violently slamming his cock into her pussy.&nbsp; 
Emily didn&#8217;t move, she lay face down on the concrete, her legs splayed wide with her toes pointed out.
That&#8217;s it cunt, I&#8217;m going to blow in your pussy!&nbsp; I heard Jim bellow out across the room, his elbows were on the back of Tara&#8217;s thighs holding her legs pinned down and his hands were on her breasts mauling her tits. Even from afar I could see Jim&#8217;s long cock plunging down into Tara&#8217;s pussy as he brutally slammed her hips down into the cold hard concrete with each thrust.
Tara&#8217;s legs flopped to the floor as Jim pulled out of her snatch and he scrambled up onto his knees straddling her chest.&nbsp; 
Ohhh Shiitt.&nbsp; I could see Tara&#8217;s head jerk away as the thick lines of cum splattered her face and hair.&nbsp; 
FUCK YEAH!!!&nbsp; Jim groaned as he jerked his cock, milking every last drop of semen and shooting it on Tara&#8217;s delicate features.
I slowly got to my feet, I felt weary after fucking Emily so hard.&nbsp; I could hear Tara gagging as Jim forced the length of his cock in her throat.&nbsp; 
Clean me off bitch.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s calves were trembling as I moved closer to her.&nbsp; She let out a little shriek as I ran my hand over her ass.&nbsp; Her body shone in the light, her skin was covered with little beads of sweat and her thighs were shaking, ready to collapse.&nbsp; 
I stepped over the rope and moved in behind Monique.&nbsp; She started sobbing as I cupped her breasts and pinched her nipples. I pressed my chest against her back and brought my mouth close to her ear.&nbsp; 
Are you ready to cum again slut.&nbsp; Monique started crying openly.
Please, I can&#8217;t.&nbsp; Monique let out a yelp as I slid my hands down over her belly and rubbed her smooth sex.&nbsp; 
NOOOOO, please!&nbsp; I moved my finger between the rope and her clit.&nbsp; Her pussy was soaking wet and her little bud was hard as a rock.&nbsp; 
I used my hips to push Monique forward, making the rope scrape against her spread labia.
NOOOOO, PLLEEEEAAASSEEE.&nbsp; I squeezed her clit between two fingers and started pinching it tight, my other hand was on her breast.&nbsp; 
I could hear Monique starting to pant as I played with her clit.&nbsp; 
NOOOOOO.&nbsp; Monique was whining uncontrollably as my fingers manipulated her sex.&nbsp; I could feel Jim&#8217;s eyes on me, he was standing to my left, Tara was up on her knees with her head between his legs licking his balls and the crack of his ass.&nbsp; 
Monique&#8217;s upper body started to shudder and she jerked forward.&nbsp; 
OOOHH GOODDD.&nbsp; I could feel her bobbing, her legs were about to collapse as I forced a finger into her pussy while still rubbing her clit with my thumb.
PPPLLLLLLEEEEEAAAAASSSEEEEEEE!&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s body bucked against mine and I could hear her gasping for breath.&nbsp; 
Monique started screaming as her body exploded.&nbsp; I could feel her tight pussy clamp down on my finger as it started to pulse.
NNOOOOOOOOO!&nbsp; Her body started to shake like a leaf, Monique&#8217;s legs gave way and I grabbed for her hips, holding her up off the rope.
OOOOOOHHH GOOODDDDDDD!!!&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s piercing cries rang through the basement.&nbsp; I could feel her muscles go hard and start to spasm like she was on fire.&nbsp; 
I lifted Monique up off the rope and set her down on the floor.&nbsp; She collapsed in a heap on the ground, her body was writhing as a constant stream of moans escaped her chest.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I turned to look at Jim, a huge grin was plastered across his face as Tara continued to suck on his balls.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was still face down on the floor as I moved toward her, I could see the semen seeping out of her pussy as I rolled her over onto her back and got her to her feet.&nbsp; The tears streaked down her cheeks as I clipped a leash to her collar and pull her towards where Monique lay twitching on the ground.&nbsp; 
Get up slave.&nbsp; Monique looked up at me with glazed over eyes, her inner thighs were gleaming in the light as her juices covered her skin.&nbsp; She struggled to her knees as her legs were still quivering, she was moaning as she tried to raise her weary and weak body. 
Monique was shaking violently as I clipped a leash to her collar and looked over at Jim.&nbsp; 
Shall we go upstairs?&nbsp; Jim tugged Tara to her feet by the hair making her scream.&nbsp; 
Yeah.&nbsp; Tara squealed as Jim tugged her forward.&nbsp; 
I went first up the stairs dragging Emily and Monique behind me, they whimpered as they took small arduous steps forward.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
I led Emily and Monique off into my bedroom and laid them down on the bed, they collapsed exhausted and spent on the mattress.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;ll be back for you a little later girls.&nbsp; When I walked into the kitchen Tara was sitting on the floor with her legs spread wide.&nbsp; I could see the base of the dildo stuck to the floor while the rest was buried in her pussy.&nbsp; Tears were running down her cheeks as Jim sat back in one of the chairs, I sat down across the table from him.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;m going to take off buddy, I want to get my slut home, I think she misses her cage.&nbsp; Jim tugged hard on the little gold leash attached to Tara&#8217;s nose ring.&nbsp; 
Isn&#8217;t that right slut?&nbsp; Tara groaned as her head was pulled forward. 
I said isn&#8217;t that right slut!&nbsp; Tara yelped as Jim snapped his wrist and pulled the leash taut.&nbsp; 
Yes Master.&nbsp; Jim let the chain go loose and Tara&#8217;s head relaxed.&nbsp; 
God these girls have been the greatest thing that ever could have happened to us.&nbsp; There was a wonderment in Jim&#8217;s eyes as his gaze fixed on Tara.&nbsp; She shifted her weight uncomfortably from side to side, the rubber dildo deep in her belly.&nbsp; 
Well, I&#8217;d better get going.&nbsp; Jim got to his feet and stood over Tara, she leaned forward and kissed the bulge in his pants, then rubbed her forehead against Jim&#8217;s growing dick.&nbsp; 
That&#8217;s it slut, good girl.&nbsp; Jim patted Tara on the head, then put his hands up under her shoulders and lifted her up off the floor.&nbsp; The long rubbed shaft slipped from her pussy with an audible pop.&nbsp; 
It&#8217;s been fun buddy.&nbsp; Jim stuck out his hand
It&#8217;s been a lot of fun.&nbsp; Jim&#8217;s smile was huge and infectious.&nbsp; I reached out and pinched Tara&#8217;s nipple.
She is a beautiful girl.&nbsp; Tara whimpered softly as I tugged on her breast.&nbsp; 
She sure is.&nbsp; Jim pulled Tara&#8217;s leash taut and she cried a little louder.&nbsp; 
She sure is.&nbsp; I could see Jim&#8217;s lust filled eyes locked on Tara&#8217;s face.&nbsp; I wondered what he had planned for the girl when he got home.&nbsp; 
Okay buddy, I&#8217;ve got to run.&nbsp; Tara groaned as Jim spun and started toward the garage pulling her behind him, I followed closely watching Jim lead his slave to his truck.&nbsp; Tara kind of hopped along behind Jim, it looked like her calf muscle was cramping as she tried to keep up with him.&nbsp; 
&nbsp; I shut the garage door and headed back into the house as Jim drove away. I started whistling in joy as I headed toward my bedroom and my waiting slaves.&nbsp; 
Monique and Emily were laying on the bed when I walked through the door.&nbsp; I was feeling kind as I climbed on the mattress between the two and ran my hand over Emily&#8217;s smooth belly.&nbsp; 
Time for you two to get cleaned up.&nbsp; I could taste the salty film on Monique&#8217;s skin as I licked her breast.&nbsp; 
After I freed their hands Monique and Emily crawled to the bathroom.&nbsp; I could barely keep my eyes open as I heard the water running in the shower
I woke with a start when I felt Monique&#8217;s tongue lapping away at my hardening cock.&nbsp; Emily was on her knees at the side of the bed.&nbsp; They both looked so cute, their hair still wet from the shower and their beautiful soft skin glowing under the gentle light.&nbsp; 
Get up here.&nbsp; My girls&#8217; hopped up on the bed without any hesitation.
Monique and Emily laid back on the bed as I rubbed ointment over their raw and sensitive pussies.&nbsp; The girls sobbed openly as I slid my finger between the folds of their labia spreading the soothing balm over their delicate flesh.&nbsp; 
After I finished rubbing the balm over their aching pussies I flipped off the light and laid my head on Emily&#8217;s breasts.&nbsp; I loved hearing the gentle sound of her heartbeat as I faded peacefully off to sleep.&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Thanks.semiater&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; semiater@yahoo.com













 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter Fifteen

I tugged gently on Emily&#8217;s leash and pulled her along behind me as she crawled into the living room.
I&#8217;d let the girls sleep in late, I had unfinished business to take care of at the garage and then, when I got back I made the them breakfast and had them clean up for me.
Emily&#8217;s hair was still damp from the shower as she moved deliberately over the floor; she put one hand forward palm down on the hardwood and then slid her beautiful body over the smooth wood inch by inch.&nbsp; I loved the look of the black collar and cuffs against her smooth white skin.&nbsp; There was something about her innocence that made the incongruousness of the leather on her flesh so arousing.
I pulled the leash taut and made Emily arch her head higher, the white lace baby doll negligee she wore hugged her body and added to her innocent beauty.&nbsp; 
Heel slut.&nbsp; Emily lurched to a stop and looked up at me with wide moist eyes, I could see her just about to start pouting again and I loved the utter humiliation in her face.&nbsp; Her chin was lifted high as I pulled up on the leash, I could see her hard nipples through the thin white lace of the baby doll and I desperately wanted to pinch them between my fingers till she squealed.
Get up.&nbsp; Emily clambered awkwardly to her feet, she put her hands up behind her head immediately, just as I&#8217;d taught her to do.&nbsp; Her body shuddered ever so slightly as I ran my hand over her chest and trailed the tips of my fingers down over her flat belly.&nbsp; I saw the uncertainty in her eyes as she noticed the stainless steel pedestal next to the TV.&nbsp; I&#8217;d spent the morning putting it together and I was proud of my creation.&nbsp; I could see Emily&#8217;s eyes darting from me to the large black dildo mounted on top of the steel frame, the oiled, ribbed shaft shone in the lights.&nbsp; 
I smiled as I pulled Emily toward the pedestal.&nbsp; The metal was polished and smooth, it was a waist high with a wide heavy base.&nbsp; I could hear Emily whimpering as I reached out and pinched her nipples through the delicate lace of her negligee.&nbsp; She gasped as I rolled her sensitive flesh between my fingers.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Emily yelped softly as I slid my hands down over her belly and moved the lace of her panties to the side.&nbsp; I started rubbing her clit and I felt her start to grind her hips against my finger as she moaned involuntarily.&nbsp; Small drops of cum dribbled out of her wet pussy as I played with her, I knew she&#8217;d orgasmed when I&#8217;d fucked her earlier and I reveled in the fact she was slowly becoming my slave, my personal fuck doll.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I loved the shock in her eyes this morning when I&#8217;d climbed on top of her, spreading her legs with my knee just before I slid my dick in her tight, inviting pussy.&nbsp; 
She&#8217;d cooed gently before opening her eyes as she felt my cock filling her pussy, waking her from her blissful sleep.&nbsp; 
There was an instant when I thought she&#8217;d protest, I saw the glint of anger, or shame, in her eyes, that instant flash of humiliation as I slid my prick deep in her belly.&nbsp; 
Without a word she&#8217;d spread her legs and wrapped them around my hips.&nbsp; I&#8217;d loved the feel of her legs around me as her pussy started to get wet and clamped down on my prick.&nbsp; 
Emily was starting to learn, she put her arms around my back and lifted her upper torso, scraping her hard nipples against my chest as she fucked me back, arching her pelvis to meet the thrust of my hips, taking my dick deeper in her pussy.&nbsp; 
I could feel Emily squeezing her tight cunt on me as I plunged my cock into her hole again and again.&nbsp; I could feel her hot breath on my shoulder as she was panting softly.&nbsp; Monique lay on her side next to us undisturbed, locked in a deep sleep as I drove my hips down into Emily&#8217;s body, forcing my cock in her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You can come if you want slave.&nbsp; My lips were almost touching her skin as I whispered into her ear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I felt Emily&#8217;s legs tighten around my hips as my dick sank in her tight pussy, her body was up off the mattress as she clung to me, her breast were crushed against my chest as I heard her start to whine.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt!&nbsp; I could feel Emily&#8217;s hard nipples against my chest and I loved it, I could feel her pussy starting to convulse, clamping down on my cock as she started to orgasm.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;m going to cum slut!&nbsp; Emily let out a little whimper as she threw her head back into the bed, her eyes were closed and her mouth was open, I could feel her rocking her pelvis trying to milk my prick as I exploded in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it whore.&nbsp; I was grunting hard as I slammed my dick into her pussy, it hurt so good as I felt Emily&#8217;s tight snatch squeezing me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I finally collapsed on her body Emily was panting, almost out of breath. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I snapped out of my reverie and pinched Emily&#8217;s clit between my thumb and forefinger.&nbsp; 
That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; I could see Emily&#8217;s chest rise and fall faster and faster as the lace hung tight to her body.&nbsp; Her mouth was open and she was panting gently as I rubbed her clit harder and harder. 
Emily let out a little squeaking sound as stopped playing with her snatch and grabbed her hips.&nbsp; I picked her up off the ground with ease.&nbsp; 
Spread those pussy lips cunt.&nbsp; Emily started whining as I held her up off the ground, her cries started getting louder as she brought her trembling hands down between her thighs and gently opened her sensitive labia.&nbsp; 
The thick head of the dildo easily penetrated Emily&#8217;s wet pussy.&nbsp; Slowly I let her down, letting more and more of the huge shaft sink into her body till a good 4 or 5 inches disappeared inside of her.&nbsp; 
Hands behind your head slut.&nbsp; I could see the little rivulet of tears running down Emily&#8217;s cheek as she brought her hands up behind her head and wound her fingers through her hair.
Emily cowered away from me as I moved in close to her and ran my hand up under her chin lifting her head so she had to look me in the eye.&nbsp; 
God you&#8217;re so hot.&nbsp; I moved my hand down over her breasts to her belly.&nbsp; Emily started sobbing harder as I knelt before her and ran my fingers over the inside of her thighs.&nbsp; I loved the way her muscles quivered under my touch.&nbsp; 
Spread your legs slave.&nbsp; Emily struggled to move her feet wider, I could see the dildo sink deeper in her pussy as she spread her legs, the thick black shaft filling her.&nbsp; 
That&#8217;s it baby.&nbsp; I slid my hands over her calves and loved the feel of her muscles twitching.&nbsp; I took hold of the steel D-ring on her ankle cuff and locked it to an eye bolt at the base of the steel pedestal.&nbsp; 
God you&#8217;re so hot slut.&nbsp; Emily was whining as I grabbed her other ankle and locked it to the base of the frame.&nbsp; I got to my feet and stood back to take in the beauty of my girl.&nbsp; 
Emily tried to arch her body away from me as I moved in close to her, I wrapped my arm around her back and grabbed her ass as I clamped my mouth down on hers.&nbsp; I could feel her struggling, desperately, trying to squirm away from me as I kissed her brutally, but with her ankles locked and the dildo deep in her pussy she couldn&#8217;t move away from me.&nbsp; 
I slid my hand between her ass cheeks and starting forcing the tip of my finger into her tight hole.&nbsp; Emily started squealing as I penetrated her to the knuckle.&nbsp; My tongue was in her mouth and I had hold of the back of her head with my free hand.&nbsp; 
Emily was sobbing loud as I popped my finger from her ass and pulled my mouth off of hers.&nbsp; I was laughing as I walked away from her and sat down on the couch.&nbsp; I put my feet up on the coffee table and grabbed for the remote flipping on the TV.&nbsp; 
I want you to fuck yourself till you cum slut.&nbsp; I found the game on the tube and diverted my attention from the girl for an instant.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Plleeeassseee Master.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t&nbsp; Tears were streaking down Emily&#8217;s cheeks, she still had her hands up behind her head and I could see her belly trembling, the thick black shaft of the dildo was impaled deep in her pussy even though she was up on her tip toes.&nbsp; 
I said I want you to fuck yourself till you cum cunt!&nbsp; Emily whimpered louder, I knew she could hear the anger rising in my voice.&nbsp; 
Emily started to groan as she lowered herself onto the dildo invading her pussy.&nbsp; She was trying to choke back the tears as the dildo went deep in her belly.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s eyes were locked on me as she bent her knees and took the shaft in her body.&nbsp; I could see her pussy lips spreading wide to take in the huge rubber phallus as it grew wider at the base.&nbsp; 
After a good five minutes of bucking up and down on the large dildo I heard Emily start to moan.&nbsp; Her face was flush and I could see the juices glistening on her inner thighs as she bobbed up and down, fucking the fake dick.&nbsp; Her nipples were hard and clearly visible through the thin, delicate lace of the baby doll negligee.
Master&#8212;&nbsp; Emily was panting harder and harder as her body moved quicker and quicker.&nbsp; Her legs were convulsing, her knees bowing in and out as she fucked the dildo, forcing it deep in her pussy with every thrust of her hips.&nbsp; 
Master, may your slut cum, please.&nbsp; I watched as the thick shaft sank in Emily&#8217;s snatch, she groaned each time she completely impaled herself on the huge dick.&nbsp; I could see her biting her lip in frustration as her eyes were locked on me.&nbsp; 
Please Master.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s thighs corded as she moved up and down over the long pole.&nbsp; Her tits jiggled as she got up on her tip toes then plunged her body down, burying the dildo in her pussy.&nbsp; 
I could see the trepidation in Emily&#8217;s eyes as I got to my feet and moved toward her.&nbsp; She continued to pump the cock deep in her belly as I reached out my hand and laid it on her thigh.&nbsp; I could feel the thin layer of perspiration on her skin as her muscles contracted under my touch moving her up and down on the shaft.&nbsp; 
Please Master, let your slave cum, please&nbsp; Emily gasped out the words, I could hear the sound of her pussy slurping on the large dildo as it slid in and out of her.&nbsp; 
You can cum slut!&nbsp; I heard Emily start to moan just as I clamped my mouth down on hers.&nbsp; Her whole body seemed to go rigid as she ground her hips down onto the thick rubber shaft and exploded in orgasm. 
I wrapped my arms around Emily&#8217;s back and grabbed her ass cheeks with my hands.&nbsp; I could feel her body shaking, her muscles twitching as I squeezed her soft flesh.&nbsp; I felt her hard nipples against my chest as I kissed her brutally.&nbsp; 
Emily was breathing hard as I pulled my mouth away from hers.&nbsp; I loved the way her chest heaved.&nbsp; She was up on her toes trying to lift up off the dildo buried in her pussy.&nbsp; Her inner thighs were trembling as her body continued to react to the orgasm that had ripped through her cunt.&nbsp; 
Emily yelped as I ran my hand over her smooth belly and flicked her swollen clit with my forefinger.&nbsp; I slid my hand over her pussy and trailed my fingernails over her twitching legs making her whine.&nbsp; She let out a whimper of pain as I walked away from her and collapsed on the couch.&nbsp; 
You can put your arms down, put them behind your back slave.&nbsp; I could see the disappointment in Emily&#8217;s eyes as I turned my attention to the game and left her standing there up on her toes, the thick dildo still buried in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t know how long the game went on, occasionally I heard Emily groan and sink down on the rubber shaft as her legs grew weary.&nbsp; She kept her eyes down and focused on the floor, her long beautiful hair was dangling in front of her face and she looked so pretty with the thick black dildo spreading her pussy lips wide and buried in her cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily jumped when the phone rang.&nbsp; I could tell she was watching me out of the corner of her eye as I got up to answer it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time I headed back into the room my dick was getting hard again.&nbsp; It was just some random solicitation on the phone, but the girl had said her name was Carrie, and I started thinking about the club and how much I&#8217;d liked the feel of Mac&#8217;s slave grinding against me as she gave me a lap dance.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily started whimpering as I knelt down in front of her and undid her ankle cuffs from the base of the frame.&nbsp; She let out a small scream as I tried to force my finger into her pussy along with the dildo, but she was too tight.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God your so hot slut.&nbsp; Emily started whining as I brought my mouth close to her sex and ran my lips over her hard little clit.&nbsp; She popped up on her toes and groaned as I darted my tongue over the folds of her labia and started to squeal.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I took hold of Emily&#8217;s hips and held her still as I lapped at her pussy like a dog, the sounds emanating from her body started to get louder and louder the harder and faster I forced my tongue against her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let a cry of disappointment out as I got to my feet and picked her up off the huge shaft.&nbsp; The large dildo slipped from her pussy with wet sucking sound.&nbsp; I set her down on the carpet, her legs were trembling and unstable as I stood up and let go of her waist.

To be continued 

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Thanks.semiater&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; semiater@yahoo.com











Chapter Fifteen (cont&#8217;d)

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I ran my hand under up Emily&#8217;s chin and lifted her head to look me in the eyes.&nbsp; Her cheeks were flush with embarrassment and her body was shuddering as she stood before me on weary legs with her hands behind her back.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You liked it, didn&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Emily let out a small little whimper of acknowledgement and I could feel the waves of utter humiliation radiating off her body.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Strip for me slave.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s body quaked as she looked up at me with glistening eyes.&nbsp; I could see her lip shiver ever so slightly as she watched me close, perhaps waiting for some additional response.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said strip!&nbsp; I thought Emily might start crying, her hands were trembling violently as she slowly moved her fingers up under the lacy baby doll negligee that hugged her hips, the delicate fabric had long since been soaked with her juices and the thong that was meant to hide her swollen labia was pulled to the side exposing her throbbing pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily whimpered softly as she slipped the panties down over her thighs and pushed them over her calves letting them fall to the floor around her ankles.&nbsp; Her pretty face grew red with shame as she instinctively tried to cover her naked pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her body jerked reflexively and she pulled her hands away from her sex quickly when I reached out and ran my palm over the smooth bulge of her hip, knowing I didn&#8217;t allow my slaves to cover themselves from my gaze, or touch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Take it all off slut.&nbsp; Emily squeaked like a little mouse as she lifted her eyes to meet mine, her body shook gently as she brought her hands up under the negligee and started lifting the tight baby doll up over her head, exposing her quivering belly and erect nipples.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily stared up at me with wide moist eyes as she dropped the lace top onto the ground and put her arms to her side.&nbsp; I slipped my hand between her twitching thighs and forced my finger in the folds of her sex.&nbsp; She let out a groan as I penetrated her with my finger, burying it to the knuckle in her wet, throbbing pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeeze me cunt, tell me you want me to fuck your pussy.&nbsp; I slowly moved my finger in and out of her snatch, twisting it inside her, scraping the delicate, sensitive flesh of her pussy with my nail.&nbsp; I could see her stomach quivering ever so slightly as I felt her vaginal muscles contract on my invading finger.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby.&nbsp; Emily started to whine as I eased my finger in and out of her tight hole.&nbsp; There was an odd look on her face, it was somewhere between shame and lust.&nbsp; I could see her gritting her teeth each time she clamped her pussy down on my finger.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily started moaning as I penetrated her over and over, I was a little surprised how quickly it had happened.&nbsp; Her mouth was open and I could hear her breathing hard.&nbsp; With each thrust of my finger in her pussy I rubbed her clit with my thumb.&nbsp; Her eyes were closed and her head was arched back.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut!&nbsp; Emily spread her legs wider and ground her hips down on my hand.&nbsp; Each time I slid my finger into her pussy she rocked her pelvis forward and squeezed her thighs down on me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a little squeal as I leaned over and took a nipple between my teeth and gently bit down.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God Master&nbsp; Emily gasped out the words, she was gyrating her hips like a belly dancer, driving her body down on my finger, forcing me deeper into her tight snatch.&nbsp; I could feel her juices coating my hand as again and again I thrust into her wet pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;May I cum Master, please.&nbsp; I took my mouth off her breast and started fucking her harder and harder with my finger.&nbsp; I could see the glazed over look in her eyes as she stared at me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master&#8212;&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s face contorted, she squeezed her eyes shut and I could see the effort as she gritted her teeth together trying to hold off the orgasm that was rising in her belly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Pleeeeeeasssssseeeee&nbsp; Her thighs closed on my hand.&nbsp; I could feel her pussy pulsing, throbbing, ready to explode as I penetrated her over and over.&nbsp; I slammed my finger hard into her tight hole and drove my thumb against her clit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You may cum slave.&nbsp; Emily flung back her head, her long beautiful hair seemed to go everywhere as she let out a guttural moan of pleasure.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OHHHH GOOOODDDD!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s thighs squeezed my hand tight as she clamped her legs together and ground her hips down on my invading finger.&nbsp; Her upper torso twisted from side to side jerking to and fro.&nbsp; Her vaginal muscles held me like a vise as she groaned, her eyes were closed and her mouth was open, panting, desperately trying to catch her breath.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I worked my finger inside Emily&#8217;s cunt making her body spasm and cry out.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s upper body was shuddering, her legs bowed as she moved against my hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God!&nbsp; She screamed as I finger fucked her roughly, her thighs opened and closed on my wrist as her breasts heaved.&nbsp; I could see a small patch of perspiration on her belly as she openly panted.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God Master.&nbsp; Emily could barely force out the words, her breathing was ragged and I could feel her pussy convulsing on my fingers. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOOHHHHH GGOOODDDD!!!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s legs were shaking like a leaf, she could barely keep herself standing as I plunged my fingers in and out of her pussy, moving fast and hard inside of her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; Emily groaned as I licked her erect little nipple, her body quivered as I moved my tongue over her breast in small concentric circles.&nbsp; Her tits were jiggling ever so slightly as her whole body trembled. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a gasp as I pulled my sopping finger from her snatch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees slave.&nbsp; I heard her whimper in need and shock as she fell to the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Legs spread, arms behind your head.&nbsp; Emily jerked to attention opening her thighs and putting her hands behind her head, her body twitched involuntarily and I could see the narrow glistening trail of her juices running down the inside of her leg.&nbsp; There was a look of surprise on her face as she gazed up at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open your mouth slut.&nbsp; Emily groaned as I thrust my wet fingers in her mouth and rubbed them against her tongue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lick me clean slave. I could see the disgust in her eyes as I forced my fingers deep in her throat and she tasted her own juices.&nbsp; I could feel the reluctance in my little pet as she lapped her tongue over the length of my fingers, knowing they&#8217;d just been inside her pussy mere seconds before.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed Emily by the hair and arched her head up making her look at me, I loved the lust and confusion in her stare.&nbsp; She closed her lips down on my fingers and sucked them into her mouth, I forced them to the back of her throat and heard her gag softly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, I bet you wish my cock was in your mouth instead, don&#8217;t you.&nbsp; I could feel her throat convulse on my fingers as I pushed them deeper in her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled my fingers from between Emily&#8217;s lips and rubbed them through her disheveled and matted hair that hung in front her eyes beautifully, but looked a mess.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t move slave.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s chest was heaving, her hard little nipples rose and fell gently as she tried to catch her breath.&nbsp; I loved seeing the patch of moisture on her flat, smooth belly.&nbsp; The muscles of her inner thighs convulsed as she held her knees wide, her clit was hard and twitching.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s face was flush with shame and there was a look of need in her eyes.&nbsp; I think she was almost ready to beg me to fuck her, even if it meant I&#8217;d have punish her later for putting her needs before mine, but my little pet managed to restrain herself and remained silent as I walked out of the room, only the sound of her whimpers escaped from her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I went into the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of juice from the fridge, I could smell Emily&#8217;s pussy on my fingers as I pulled out some fruit and set it in a bowl.&nbsp; I sat down at the table and savored the taste of the cold liquid running down my throat, knowing my girl was kneeling in the other room, her body pulsing with lust waiting for me to do whatever I wanted to with her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t know how long I sat in the kitchen but I wanted to antagonize my girl and make her wait, knowing the anticipation was building in her body with every passing second.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was still kneeling on the floor with her fingers wound through her hair as I stepped out into the living room.&nbsp; I could feel her eyes following my every move as I circled her.&nbsp; She let out a small little cry as I reached out and touched her shoulder with my hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open your mouth slave.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s nipples were hard and gently rose as she breathed.&nbsp; Her moist lips parted softly as she moaned quietly.&nbsp; I could feel the nervousness coming in waves off her body as I stood slightly behind her and to the side.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily&#8217;s body quivered as I brought a grape to her mouth and tenderly laid it on her tongue, she instantly started to bite down on the cool orb but I reached out and grabbed her hard nipple, twisting it brutally between my fingers making her shriek before she could swallow it down.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No slave, not until I tell you can.&nbsp; I tugged hard on Emily&#8217;s breast drawing a whimper of pain from deep in her chest.&nbsp; I could see her body start to shiver in fear and uncertainty as the mangled grape lay on her tongue, the glistening juices dripping down over her chin as her eyes fixed on mine.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Swallow it my pet.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s throat convulsed as she took the grape down into her gullet.&nbsp; She opened her mouth and thrust her tongue out nervously as I moved another shimmering amethyst globe between her lips.&nbsp; This time she let it sit on her tongue, her eyes following me as I stood before her cupping her breasts in my hands.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a small cry as I pinched her nipples firmly between my finger&#8217;s, the little grape was balanced precariously on her tongue as I pulled her sensitive flesh taut once again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You may eat it slave.&nbsp; Emily bit down into the grape and swallowed it quickly, thrusting her tongue back out again as soon as the cool fruit slid down her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I continued to feed my pet for a good five minutes, training her like a little puppy to eat only at my command. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are doing good my slave.&nbsp; I tapped Emily gently on the head letting my fingers go through her soft hair, running my hand over her scalp, petting her like the cute, lustful little animal she was.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I left Emily kneeling on the ground as I moved toward the couch, I fell back into the cushions and watched my girl&#8217;s body tremble in exhaustion as she tried to hold the position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come here my pet.&nbsp; I tapped the couch next to me.&nbsp; Emily took her stiff arms from behind her head and slowly started crawling towards me.&nbsp; I loved the way her breasts swayed as she moved, her long hair dangled in front of her face as she slid deliberately across the floor.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily looked up at me nervously, unsure of what to do next.&nbsp; Her breast&#8217;s quivered ever so slightly as she knelt on the floor, her palms were flat on the carpet and her knees were spread wide waiting for my next command.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your feet slut, I want you to dance for me, entice me with your body, make me want to fuck your pussy.&nbsp; Emily staggered to her feet, I could see the look of consternation and fear in her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I worked my hips forward so they were over the edge of the couch and grabbed for Emily&#8217;s hips.&nbsp; She let out a little squeal of protest as I pulled her forward making her straddle my thighs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re a cheerleader my pet, you know how to bump and grind, make me hard so I can fuck that wet, needy pussy of yours.&nbsp; I pulled Emily&#8217;s hips down so her swollen clit slid against my bulging cock.&nbsp; I loved the way she whimpered as I thrust up my hips and rubbed my dick against her aching pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let go of Emily&#8217;s hips and ran my hands over her trembling thighs.&nbsp; I could see a small tear welling in the corner of her eye as I touched her skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Move that body slut.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s cries grew louder and louder as I cupped her ass in my hand&#8217;s.&nbsp; She reluctantly moved her pelvis over my raging prick but didn&#8217;t put much effort into it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a little shriek as I reached out and took hold of her nipples, pinching them between my fingers I pulled her upper body towards mine so she had to throw out her hands out against the back of the couch to keep from falling forward.&nbsp; Her hard nipples were almost against my chest as I brought her face close to mine and rocked my hips up, rubbing my aching, throbbing cock against her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said I want you to dance for me slave, if you don&#8217;t I&#8217;m going to punish you.&nbsp; I glared at Emily and let go of her breasts.&nbsp; I locked my hands on her hips and started moving her pussy over my pulsing dick, drawing ever louder and louder cries from her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, I can&#8217;t.&nbsp; I could see the tears streaking down Emily&#8217;s cheeks as I let go of her hips and put my hands to the side on the couch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said dance for me cunt, make me want to fuck you.&nbsp; Emily started sobbing harder, she swiveled her hips without effort over my bulging cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed Emily by the hair suddenly and pulled her face towards mine.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Your job slut is to please me.&nbsp; I could see the fear in her eyes as I tugged hard on her scalp making her yelp in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I didn&#8217;t wait for a response from my slave and pulled her over my lap easily capturing her wrists in my hand.&nbsp; I had her leather cuffs locked together behind her back before she could even react.&nbsp; I could feel her stomach convulsing on my knees as she twisted her head nervously to look up at me.&nbsp; The tears were running down her cheeks in a torrent.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Head down slave.&nbsp; I pushed hard down on the back of Emily&#8217;s neck and forced her head down so she was looking at the floor.&nbsp; I had my other hand in the small of her back holding her against my knees as her legs flailed in the air.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve been a bad girl.&nbsp; Emily shrieked as I brought my open palm down on her ass.&nbsp; I think she was surprised by the suddenness, and brutality of the blow.&nbsp; She started screaming as I brought my hand down again and again on her body, her legs kicked madly in the air as I held her down with my hand around the back of her neck.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&nbsp; My hand came hard down on Emily&#8217;s ass, already her skin was starting to glow red.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&#8212;will do&nbsp; I could see Emily&#8217;s tiny fists balling and smacking the floor as I spanked her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&#8212;whatever I say&nbsp; I loved the feel of my open palm landing against Emily&#8217;s firm ass, over and over again I spanked her like the unwieldy child she was.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&#8212;whenever I say it&nbsp; Emily grunted with each blow of my hand, the tears streamed down her face and dripped onto the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&#8212;do you understand!&nbsp; I brought my hand down hard on her skin one final time.&nbsp; Her body thrashed on my thighs as I grabbed for her hair and twisted her face to look up at mine.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you understand slave?&nbsp; Emily couldn&#8217;t choke back the tears, they trailed over her skin and rolled off her chin.&nbsp; Her body was racked with spasms as she sobbed, her ass wiggled from side to side burning with the pain of the blows as her skin glowed red.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you understand?&nbsp; Emily started shrieking again as I laid my palm on her smoldering ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes, yes Master!!!&nbsp; Emily screamed out the words as her eyes went wide when I lifted my hand from her body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PPLLLLEEEEAASSSSEEEE MASTER, I&#8217;ll be good!!!&nbsp; There was an absolute desperation in her face.&nbsp; I gently laid my hand down on her ass and let go of her hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your feet slave.&nbsp; Emily struggled to her feet with her hands still cuffed behind her back.&nbsp; I loved the way her chest heaved sending her hard nipples moving up and down and her breasts quivering.&nbsp; She let out a little whimper as I reached out my hand and ran my palm over Emily&#8217;s belly feeling the moist layer of perspiration that coated her skin as my fingers trailed over her quaking muscles.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I snapped the tip of my finger against Emily&#8217;s nipple making her bite down on her lip to keep from crying out.&nbsp; I took her hard little bud between my nails and pinched down making her dig her teeth harder into her lip.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want you to dance for me slut, do you understand?&nbsp; I dug my nails into Emily&#8217;s nipple and pulled her toward me, making her straddle my thighs with her long legs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you understand?&nbsp; I twisted Emily&#8217;s nipple in my fingers, using it to bring her face inches from mine.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; Emily cried out the words as I pulled her sensitive tit taut, drawing her hot body ever closer to mine.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good.&nbsp; Emily let out a whimper of relief as I let go of her breast.&nbsp; I could feel the heat coming off her body as her legs straddled my thighs.&nbsp; The beads of fear induced sweat clung to her skin.&nbsp; Her face was flush and I could see the red mark on her nipple where my nails had bit into her flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dance for me slave!&nbsp; Emily was whimpering, almost sobbing, as I laid my hands on her hips.&nbsp; I could see the muscles in her tight, smooth belly start to convulse as she ground her hips down on to my hard cock.&nbsp; I let out an involuntary groan as I felt her swollen sex rub my throbbing dick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily rocked her hips, quickly learning how to use her body to please me.&nbsp; I loved the way her nipples jiggled in front of my face and the glistening sheen of perspiration on her stomach as she pushed her clit down against my bulging prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a little squeal of concern as I grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her chest toward my face.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think she knew how to react as I pressed my lips between her moist tits and started licking her skin.&nbsp; I loved the feel of her soft heaving tits against my cheeks.&nbsp; Her hips stopped moving over my raging cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t stop slut!&nbsp; I clamped my mouth down on her breast, taking her aureole in between my lips and sucking on her tit.&nbsp; I loved the sound of Emily&#8217;s ragged breathing in my ear as she struggled to slide her hips over my body.&nbsp; I could feel the heat radiating off her skin as I held her close.&nbsp; I loved the smell of her fear in the air as her body grew wet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a yelp of shock as I dug my fingers into her hips and started twisting her body away from me.&nbsp; I picked her up off my lap and turned her so her ass was toward me.&nbsp; She let out a little cry as I grabbed her cuffed wrists and unclipped them from each other.&nbsp; I brought my open palms down on her glowing flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Work me slut.&nbsp; I reached out and took hold of Emily&#8217;s long, smooth hair and arched her head back.&nbsp; She started grinding her hips into my lap in earnest as I pulled hard on her locks.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I threw my head back into the couch and moaned as I felt Emily&#8217;s swollen sex rubbing hard against my cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slave.&nbsp; I let go of Emily&#8217;s hair and dug my fingers into her waist jerking her harder and faster over my prick.&nbsp; I loved the way her body moved like a snake on me, her ass rising, chest pressed low, erect nipples scraping against my thighs as she leaned over me and ground her pelvis into my lap.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God.&nbsp; I could feel my cock ready to blow.&nbsp; I dug my nails into Emily&#8217;s skin as I groaned involuntarily.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pushed Emily off my thighs and she fell to her knees between my legs.&nbsp; Her face was blank and confused.&nbsp; I grabbed for her head and pulled her face toward my groin, I could feel the strain in her muscles as for an instant she thought about fighting me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOOOHHHHH.&nbsp; I forced Emily&#8217;s cheek against my bulging cock and rubbed her smooth skin over me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby.&nbsp; I slid Emily&#8217;s head over my prick loving the feel of her soft hair against me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I couldn&#8217;t take it anymore and pushed Emily away from my raging cock.&nbsp; She fell backwards on the floor with her legs spread wide and her skin shimmering.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get into position to be fucked slave!&nbsp; Emily stared up at me in confusion.&nbsp; Her body shone in the light, her skin was covered with a layer of perspiration and beads of sweat clung to her body.&nbsp; I could see her pussy throbbing as I loomed over her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get into position cunt!&nbsp; Emily didn&#8217;t move and I could see the shock in her eyes.&nbsp; My dick was so hard it hurt and I was aching with lust.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily squealed as I lunged for her hair, pulling her up off the ground, twisting her so she was up on her knees.&nbsp; She was screaming in pain as I ripped at her scalp, her hands were locked on my wrists trying to relieve the tension as I moved her body like a rag doll.&nbsp; She was sobbing as I pushed her head toward the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I say get into position I want my slaves to get on their knees, legs spread, chest and face against the ground, palms flat and ready to be mounted.&nbsp; Do you understand?&nbsp; Emily was crying hard as I pushed her head to the floor.&nbsp; Her tits were pressed against the carpet and her long smooth hair covered her face.&nbsp; Her hands were shaking as she put them palm down on the ground.&nbsp; I kicked her knees wider till she almost lost her balance and fell forward.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I didn&#8217;t know how much more I could take, my prick was so hard.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s body was racked with spasms as I knelt between her splayed thighs.&nbsp; Her body jerked forward as I buried a finger in her wet pussy, I could feel her muscles clamping down on me the instant I penetrated her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, nice and wet, just like you should be for my cock.&nbsp; I pulled my finger quickly from Emily&#8217;s pussy and pressed the pre-cum coated head of my dick against her pulsing little hole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I rammed my hips forward burying my prick in Emily&#8217;s tight snatch, she grunted and her body slammed forward as my cock stretched her little cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God your tight!&nbsp; Emily was sobbing with her cheek pressed against the carpet as I started rutting her in desperate need.&nbsp; I could feel her hot pussy swallowing me, clamping down on my dick as I started plunging into her over and over, driving my cock deep in her belly.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I loved the way her hands balled into little fists and jerked up off the ground with each brutal thrust of my hips.&nbsp; Emily screamed each time I buried my dick in her hole but I could also hear the moans of pleasure escaping her lips as again and again I drove into her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, make me cum in your pussy, make me fill your womb with my sperm.&nbsp; I had hold of Emily&#8217;s hips and used them as a lever to pull her hard back onto my prick.&nbsp; I loved the feel of my balls slapping against her clit as I fucked her brutally.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to cum slave!&nbsp; I felt a tingle run down my spine as I heard Emily moan, almost gasping with lust in response to my words and I felt her vaginal muscles clinch down on my cock like nothing I&#8217;d ever felt before.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make me cum slave!&nbsp; I loved the way Emily grunted each time I buried my dick in her pussy, I loved the way her body jerked forward, and I loved the way I could feel her trying hard to clamp her tight pussy on my invading cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH.&nbsp; I dug my fingers into Emily&#8217;s flesh and bellowed like an animal as my balls started pumping hot cum in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;HOOLLLLLYYY SHIIITTTTT!&nbsp; I could hear the loud slap of flesh against flesh as I pummeled my little pet with my cock.&nbsp; Her tight cunt gripped me like a vise and milked every drop of semen from my balls as I slammed forward into her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby, that&#8217;s it!&nbsp; I drove my hips forward almost knocking Emily over as I impaled my dick to the hilt in her tight pussy.&nbsp; I groaned loud and collapsed onto Emily&#8217;s back, feeling her moist, hot skin against mine.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Panting I reached out and grabbed for the back of Emily&#8217;s scalp, twisting her head back so she was looking me in the eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re hot slave!&nbsp; I could see the glazed over look in her face as she arched her head up and opened her mouth for me.&nbsp; I clamped my lips down on hers and rocked my hips forward, sliding my hard dick to the hilt inside her pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled my mouth off Emily&#8217;s and slid my cock from her sex.&nbsp; Her head fell forward onto the ground and she pressed her cheek against the carpet as I stood up.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My dick was still hard and bobbing, coated with cum and juices as I loomed over my girl.&nbsp; I stood staring down at her for a few minutes as her hips wiggled from side to side.&nbsp; I could see the little trail of sperm that was seeping from her twitching pussy. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily started whimpering as I walked out of the room and left her in position, kneeling on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t know how long I was gone but when I reentered the room I caught Emily turning her head to watch me, her palms were flat against the carpet and her ass swayed softly from side to side as I stepped toward her.&nbsp; I could hear her start to whine as I towered above her. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I didn&#8217;t say a word to Emily as I moved in behind her and knelt down.&nbsp; The buckles on the gag I carried clanged as I stood between her splayed thighs.&nbsp; I could see the discomfort and nervousness in her body as her legs shook trying to hold the position.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a squeal as I buried the long penis gag in her pussy, her body jerked up off the ground as I slammed the gag in her snatch and twisted it deep inside her, pressing hard it into her sex.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily yelped as I popped the penis gag from her throbbing cunt and grinned as I saw my cum coating the thick black penis gag.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees slave.&nbsp; Emily let out a little cry as she struggled to her knees.&nbsp; Her erect nipples rose and fell enticingly with her heavy breathing.&nbsp; She quickly brought her hands up behind her head and clamped them on the back of her neck.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open up.&nbsp; I could see the reluctance in her eyes but Emily quickly spread her jaws as I plunged the slimy penis gag between her teeth and buckled it tight behind her head.&nbsp; I could hear her gagging as the thick cum covered gag pressed against the back of her throat.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a look of surprise, or disappointment, in Emily&#8217;s face as I clipped the end of a leash to her collar and started dragging her toward the bedroom.&nbsp; She fell to her hands and knees and started crawling behind me without complaint, but I knew she&#8217;d wanted me to make her orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I didn&#8217;t look back to see Emily shuffling along the floor but I could imagine the way her gorgeous breasts swayed as she moved.&nbsp; I loved the way my favorite slave was coming around, but I didn&#8217;t want to let her know I was pleased with her progress, at least not yet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique scurried to life in her cage as I pulled Emily into my bedroom.&nbsp; Monique hopped up on her knees, crouching low in the small cage she brought her hands up behind her head and dropped her eyes to the ground.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hello my pet, I hope you&#8217;ve been comfortable in your cage.&nbsp; Monique didn&#8217;t look up to see my sadistic smile as I tugged on Emily&#8217;s leash.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get in slave.&nbsp; I could see the consternation in Emily&#8217;s face as I spoke harshly to her and jerked the leash attached to her collar.&nbsp; When she was inside I undid the little clip off the D-ring and slammed the metal door shut.&nbsp; I snapped the heavy brass lock onto the frame and sealed my pet inside.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I smacked the top of Emily&#8217;s cage making the metal clang.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t want either of you two to touch yourselves, do you understand?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique kept the awkward position arching her back up with her hands clasped behind her head and surreptitiously lifted her eyes toward me, barely whispering.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; I could see her nipples shuddering gently as the muscles of her thighs twitched under the strain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I slapped my hand down onto Emily&#8217;s cage, she was on all fours and I thought I saw a tear welling in the corner of her eye.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you understand me slave?&nbsp; Her lips quivered as I stared down at my pretty little pet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; I lifted my hand up off the metal frame and took a step back getting a better look at my hot slaves&#8217;, I could feel my dick starting to tingle as I smiled at the girls. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got to go take care of some chores, but I&#8217;ll be back, don&#8217;t worry.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was barely audible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could feel my slaves&#8217; eyes on me as I turned and left the bedroom, I closed and locked the door shut, leaving my girls alone in their cages waiting for my return.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Thanks.semiater&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; semiater@yahoo.com










Hi, It seems my semiater yahoo account has been hacked and I can no longer access it, so if anybody with whom I&#8217;ve chatted, and who I haven&#8217;t been able to contact (because I no longer have your email/IM), and would like to chat again, please drop me a line at my other email address aspererus@yahoo.com&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sorry for the inconvenience.&nbsp; John

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;by Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter Sixteen

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique and Emily quickly popped to their knees on the bed as I walked into the room.&nbsp; Without a word of direction they and put their hands up behind their necks&#8217; and waited for my commands.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hello my slut&#8217;s.&nbsp; I could see Monique&#8217;s ringed nipples rising and falling quickly as she was breathing heavily.&nbsp; I wondered whether she&#8217;d been playing with herself and I&#8217;d caught her in the act?&nbsp; Or maybe my two little sluts were playing with each other?&nbsp; Perhaps I would have to punish them later for there indiscretions?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sat down on the edge of the bed and laid the big bag on the mattress.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bought you girls a treat, I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;re going to like it.&nbsp; I pulled the massaging shower head out of the bag.&nbsp; It was the best you could buy, there must have been 10 different settings on the thing, from a throbbing pulsing current, to a delicate rain.&nbsp; Though, I knew the girls would mostly be using the powerful water jet settings.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reached out and ran my hand through Emily&#8217;s hair, I could feel her start to tremble as I caressed her head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you&#8217;re going to like using this on your clit&#8212;when I give you permission to cum of course&#8212;won&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Emily kept her eyes downcast, but I could see the way her nipples went hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re beautiful slut.&nbsp; My hand slid down over Emily&#8217;s back and I cupped her ass with my palm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bed shook as I got up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll just be in a few minutes, it should be easy to install, and then I&#8217;ll let you girls play a little.&nbsp; I picked up the bag and started toward the bathroom.&nbsp; I hesitated at the door and turned back toward my slaves&#8217;.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t move sluts, I know you sluts are needy, but I&#8217;ll let you cum all you want in a few minutes.&nbsp; I chuckled softly and disappeared into the bathroom.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I was finished installing the new fixture I slowly sauntered out to see my sluts, Monique and Emily&#8217;s bodies were trembling as they tried to hold the awkward position.&nbsp; I sat on the edge of the bed and trailed the back of my hand over Emily&#8217;s breast.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s all ready baby.&nbsp; I closed my finger tips on Emily&#8217;s erect nipple and pinched it tight, pulling the flesh taut.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want you two to go in there and test it out.&nbsp; I want you each to cum at least twice, so you&#8217;d better try hard, anything more than that&#8212; Emily moaned as I slipped my finger into her sex, she was sopping wet and my knuckle disappeared inside her body with ease.&nbsp; Emily closed her eyes and arched her head back as I twisted my finger inside of her pussy.&nbsp; Her mouth was open slightly, and she panted softly.&nbsp; Anything more than that is gravy, you have my permission to cum as much as you want.&nbsp; I grinned as I slid my finger from Emily&#8217;s pulsing slit, she dropped her head and looked humiliated as I forced my wet finger into Monique&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Monique started sucking on my finger like it was a lollipop.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled my finger from between her lips with a moist slurping.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll let you two decide who gets to cum first.&nbsp; I pulled out my ring of keys out and undid the locks on Emily and Monique&#8217;s cuffs and collar&#8217;s.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily&#8217;s inner thighs spasmed with strain as she knelt with knees spread wide on the bed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get in the shower, test out your new toy.&nbsp; I smacked Emily on the ass and the two scurried off the bed quickly, across the floor and into the bathroom.&nbsp; A few seconds later I heard the shower turn on.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I stood outside the glassed in cage and watched as my young sluts used the pulsing showerhead to get each other off.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know how many times I heard them screaming in orgasm.&nbsp; I particularly loved the way Emily clamped her thighs together on Monique&#8217;s head as she licked her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The girl&#8217;s jumped in shock when I finally clapped my hands together and turned off the water.&nbsp; I could still see the raging lust in their eyes as I tossed them a towel.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fun time is over sluts.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s thighs were still shaking as the waves of orgasm flooded her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve got five minutes, get your collars and cuffs on and get into the bedroom.&nbsp; Make sure to gag yourselves too.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s face went flush when she realized what had just happened, how I&#8217;d caught her in the act, displaying her uncontrollable desire.&nbsp; I left them there, water dripping off their body, shuddering with lust.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique and Emily crawled side by side out of the bathroom, they each had their leashes clamped between their teeth as they moved to my feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I hope that you had a good time sluts.&nbsp; Monique squeaked like a mouse as I stood, and loomed over her threateningly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s time for my fun.&nbsp; I grabbed Monique under the chin and lifted her head, smiling cruelly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to play with you tonight baby.&nbsp; I let go of Monique&#8217;s chin and reached out to touch Emily, I pushed her into her cage, her hair was still moist from the shower and the delicate fragrance of the perfumed water still hung on her body.&nbsp; I slammed the metal frame door shut behind her as she struggled to find some degree of comfort in the small space.&nbsp; I clicked the lock in place, sealing my little girl in her enclosure as she squirmed against the metal frame.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed the leash from Monique&#8217;s teeth and tugged hard on her neck, making her muscles strain as I pulled her across the floor toward the other bedroom.&nbsp; I could almost sense Monique&#8217;s mounting fear as I dragged her across the hall.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sure she would have begged me if she could, but a red ball gag filled her mouth and she could only make incoherent moaning sounds.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I loved the way the gag looked between her teeth, spreading her jaws, elongating her face as stray hairs hung in front of her eyes, making her look so cute as she crawled behind me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On the bed cunt.&nbsp; I tugged on Monique&#8217;s leash, making her yelp in discomfort as she scrambled up onto the bed.&nbsp; Her body trembled as she knelt on all fours, she glanced at me for an instant, trying to judge my mood, then dropped her eyes quickly. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your back, spread those legs slut.&nbsp; The metal leash clanged as she rolled over onto her back and opened her legs wide so her knees were against the mattress.&nbsp; Monique brought her hands up behind her neck and wound her fingers together behind her head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it bitch, at least you&#8217;ve learned something.&nbsp; Her muscles twitched as I ran my hand over her inner thigh.&nbsp; I heard her moan as I trailed my nails over her clit.&nbsp; Her pussy was moist and her belly convulsed as I slipped my finger between her throbbing lips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I took hold of Monique&#8217;s nipple ring with my free hand and pulled her little bud hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to have to punish you for playing with yourself earlier slut.&nbsp; I saw Monique&#8217;s eyes widen and I could tell she wanted to protest but all she could do was groan with the ball stuffed between her teeth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to tell me you weren&#8217;t playing with yourself without my permission earlier?&nbsp; I chuckled softly and I twisted her nipple ring making her squeal.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It doesn&#8217;t matter cunt, I want to hear you scream anyway.&nbsp; I let go of her breast and smiled, moving my hand over her belly I loved the way her body trembled in fear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to beat those tits and your pussy till you&#8217;re begging me to stop.&nbsp; I slapped my hand down hard on her mound making her cry out.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe you&#8217;ll even beg me to fuck your hole and use you as my cum receptacle after.&nbsp; I slid my finger in her wet pussy again and grinned at the quivering girl. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then again, I know you&#8217;d beg me for my cock anyway, I pulled my finger from her snatch and rubbed it over her lips.&nbsp; but really, I just want to hear you scream.&nbsp; I could see the tears start to well in her eyes as I smirked at her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique started to whimper as I climbed on the bed and grabbed her by the front of the collar.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to get you in position cunt.&nbsp; I pulled on the ring and lifted her upper torso up off the bed.&nbsp; I could feel her body shaking as I stuffed pillows up behind her back, raising her off the mattress.&nbsp; She kept her hands locked behind her neck as I propped her up.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good girl.&nbsp; I let go of the metal ring on Monique&#8217;s collar and let her lean back against the pillows.&nbsp; I wiped a stray hair from her cheek as I straddled her belly.&nbsp; I took hold of her wrists and brought her hands up over her head, hooking her cuffs to a ring on the wall, stretching her upper body taut.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you are a beautiful little whore.&nbsp; I lifted her chin, making Monique look me in the eyes.&nbsp; Her body was trembling as I cupped her breast in my hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe I&#8217;ll let Emily nurse you back to health later and suck my cum out of your cunt, because you know I&#8217;m going to fuck you hard, and use you as a receptacle for my sperm.&nbsp; I let go of Monique&#8217;s breast and stepped off the bed.&nbsp; I grabbed her ankle and pulled her leg even wider than she had it, I could see the strain in her inner thighs as I slowly moved to the other side of the bed and spread her other leg.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I stood at the foot of the bed and stared at my bound slut, I started stroking my cock as Monique sobbed louder and louder.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want you to keep those legs open cunt.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t even think about trying to close them.&nbsp; My dick bobbed as I moved toward the cabinet against the wall.&nbsp; I loved the sound of Monique weeping as I looked for the long leather flogger I wanted to use on my slave.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s breasts were heaving and she started to hyperventilate when I took position to the side of the bed.&nbsp; Tears streaked down her cheeks as I waved the long tails through the air.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to make you scream cunt, and you&#8217;d better keep those legs open, because I&#8217;m going to beat that pussy till it&#8217;s raw.&nbsp; I trailed the leather over her erect nipples and convulsing belly.&nbsp; The ends of the tails were wrapped into hard little balls and I knew they&#8217;d burn as they struck her soft flesh.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I swung the flogger in the air suddenly, bringing it down hard on Monique&#8217;s swollen sex.&nbsp; Her legs jerked together violently as the hard tails slammed against her mound.&nbsp; She started wailing into the gag as the pain fired through her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open those legs cunt!&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s legs were shaking as she tried to open them up again.&nbsp; Her eyes followed me and shot open as I brought the flogger down hard on her pussy once again.&nbsp; Involuntarily her thighs jerked closed as she screamed into the gag stuffed between her teeth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open them cunt!&nbsp; I brought the beaded flogger tails down violently on her breasts before she could even spread her legs again.&nbsp; I could already feel the perspiration building on my forehead as again and again I brought the leather down hard on her chest.&nbsp; Her hips twisted side to side as she screamed in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open your legs slut!&nbsp; Tears ran down over Monique&#8217;s pretty face as she tried to spread her thighs while her muscles burned and quivered uncontrollably.&nbsp; As soon as Monique had her legs splayed wide I brought the flogger down on her aching, pulsing cunt, making her wail in complete and abject misery.&nbsp; Her knees closed like butterfly wings in flight as I dragged the beaded tails over her skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said keep them open bitch!&nbsp; Monique howled as I trailed the leather over her belly and tits.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe I should take that gag out so I can really hear you scream.&nbsp; I ran the tails over Monique&#8217;s face, letting her feel the heavy leather straps on her lips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I know where I can put this while I take off your gag.&nbsp; I smiled cruelly as I held the thick wooden handled flogger up for Monique to see, I then brought the wide shaft to the opening of her pussy, her engorged labia were striped with vicious red marks as I pushed the end of the handle against her slit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess we don&#8217;t need any lube, you&#8217;re already nice and wet for it cunt.&nbsp; I spread her vaginal lips with my finger and rammed the long piece of wood deep in her belly, making her grunt and arch her hips up off the bed as it sunk deep inside her. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make sure you squeeze it tight whore, I don&#8217;t want it falling out.&nbsp; I climbed on the bed and straddled Monique&#8217;s chest, my dick bobbed between her heaving, marked breasts.&nbsp; I leaned down and put my moist lips against her ear.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This way Emily will be able to hear you scream and then you can tell her all about, so she&#8217;ll know what to expect when I decide to beat her pretty little cunt.&nbsp; I loved the way Monique sobbed as I licked her cheek and nibbled on her ear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I undid the harness from behind Monique&#8217;s head, the ball slid easily from between her teeth and lines of glistening saliva hung between her lips and the gag.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tossed the ball gag to the floor and unhooked the cuffs from the ring in the wall.&nbsp;&nbsp; She whined softly as I climbed off the bed and moved to the end of the bed.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeeze that cunt slut.&nbsp; Make the flogger move for me.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s sobbing took on a sharper sound with the muffle of the gag gone.&nbsp; I ran my hand over her striped inner thigh as she made the wooden handle jerk up and down with her pussy muscles.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just like a whore, anything in your snatch feels good, doesn&#8217;t it?&nbsp; I slapped my hand down on Monique&#8217;s mound and made her yelp.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you wish that was my cock in you, and I was about to cum deep in your belly.&nbsp; I scraped my fingernails over her inner thighs, I could feel her muscles twitching under my touch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique sobbed louder as she, almost imperceptibly, nodded her head, responding to my query.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, you&#8217;ll get that chance shortly cunt, you&#8217;ll get to feel my sperm in your hole soon.&nbsp; I smiled viciously as I grabbed the leather tails and tugged the wooden handle from Monique&#8217;s snatch, making her squeal and jerk her legs together as the flogger popped from her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sat down on the mattress.&nbsp; I glared down at Monique and she spread her thighs instantly, even though I could see the discomfort in her eyes when she moved.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Look slut, it&#8217;s all wet, you&#8217;re just a dirty little whore, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Monique lowered her eyes as I held the flogger up for her to see, her breasts shuddered as she started to speak.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, I&#8217;m just a dirty whore.&nbsp; The words were barely audible, but my dick started to throb as I heard her stutter out the response.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grinned and I ran my hand over her breast.&nbsp; Monique whined softly as I dried the handle with her smooth, beautiful hair.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m done beating those tits slut, but I think you need some clamps on them for proper decoration.&nbsp; I dragged the heavy, sweat soaked, leather over Monique&#8217;s aching nipples.&nbsp; I could hear her whimpering as I got off the bed and went to the cabinet against the wall.&nbsp; I dug through the various toys till I finally found 4 wooden clothespins I could use.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s eyes followed me as I sat back down on the edge of the mattress.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Pinch those nipples slut, make sure they&#8217;re nice and hard for the clips.&nbsp; I winked at the girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her hands were visibly shaking as she cupped her breasts and rubbed her nipples between her fingers.&nbsp; She groaned in pain as she squeezed her raw, aching, buds hard, they were already erect, but I loved watching her roll her little nipples between the nails of her fingers.&nbsp; She grimaced as the fire shot through her nerve endings when she touched the vicious marks left by the leather flogger.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hands behind your neck slut.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s fingers were shaking as she wound them together behind her head.&nbsp; Her lips were moist and her tongue was barely visible as she panted gently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I hopped on the bed, straddling Monique&#8217;s waist as I reached out to pinch her left nipple between my fingers, she yelped softly as I rolled her erect little bud.&nbsp; I could hear her breathing harder as I opened the mouth of one of the clothespins and pushed it to the base of her aureole.&nbsp;&nbsp; I pulled her breast taut and worked the wooden clip down.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique let out a wail of pain as I let the strong spring close on her nipple.&nbsp; Her torso twisted from side to side as she groaned under me.&nbsp; My dick bobbed against her skin as I took hold of her right breast and tugged on her soft flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I didn&#8217;t bother waiting for her to stop moving before I closed another clothespin on her free tit.&nbsp; Her elbows were out, and swung, looking almost as if she was doing exercises at the gym. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They look beautiful cunt.&nbsp; I ran my hand up under her chin and arched her head up to look at me, her eyes were moist as tears dripped down her cheek.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I cupped Monique&#8217;s breast, teasing the mass, feeling the weight of her tit as the pin danced in a little circle from the top of her nipple.&nbsp; I thought I heard her about to say something as I picked up another clothespin from the bed and brought it to the one already clamped on her nipple, but she never said a word.&nbsp; She started to squeal as I brought the wooden head perpendicular to the first pin and opened the jaws wide.&nbsp; She shrieked as I closed the clothespin down, pinching the first one even tighter on her breast.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I slid my palm over Monique&#8217;s chest, feeling the thin layer of perspiration on her skin as she bucked and writhed under me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re beautiful slut.&nbsp; I picked the last clothespin up off the mattress and quickly snapped it on the quivering wooden clip already on her nipple, making her yelp like a hurt puppy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I slid my hand between Monique&#8217;s jiggling tits.&nbsp; I loved the way the wooden clothespins jerked as she moaned and wiggled in discomfort.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I stroked my cock and stared down at the squirming girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want to beat that pussy more cunt, I love the way you scream for me.&nbsp; I smacked my dick down between her breasts leaving a trail of pre-cum on her skin as I climbed off the bed.&nbsp; I picked the flogger up from the mattress and dragged the leather tails over her belly, rubbing it against her labia, they were still flush, swollen, and marked from the vicious little balls smacking against her flesh.&nbsp; I felt a shiver down my spine when I heard Monique whimper, and I couldn&#8217;t stop thinking about whipping her more.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I crouched at the foot of the bed and brought the flogger gently down on Monique&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; Her inner thighs twitched, and threatened to close as the leather slapped against her skin.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s mouth was opened and she was breathing heavily, her eyes were fixed on the flogger in my hand as again I brought the tails down again lightly on her pulsing mound.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready to scream for me slave?&nbsp; I taunted her with the flogger, gently grazing her pussy with the beaded ends of the leather.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With brutal suddenness I snatched the flogger up, then whipped it hard down on Monique&#8217;s mound.&nbsp; Instantly her piercing cries echoed in the bedroom.&nbsp; Again and again I brought the leather down hard on her body, smacking her pussy and inner thighs viciously with sadistic pleasure.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s legs scissored madly, clamping shut, and swinging wide as I beat the tails down on her cunt.&nbsp; Her upper body bucked up off the bed as she screamed.&nbsp; Spittle shot from her open mouth as she wailed in complete and utter misery as I kept bringing the flogger down on her swollen and aching labia.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MMMAAAA--, PPPPPLLEEEEEEAAAAASSSSEEEEEE, Monique howled like a banshee as she tried to beg me, PPPLLLEEEEEAAAASSSSEEEEE SSSTT&#8212;.&nbsp; I swung the leather down hard against the confluence of her thighs, slamming it down on her skin one last time.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was blubbering like a little girl as I ripped away the first pair of pins from her breast.&nbsp; My dick was throbbing, with pre-cum dripping as I teased the clips still locked to her right tit.&nbsp; She howled as I played with the wooden pins, tugging and twisting, pulling and stretching her sensitive flesh before finally tearing away the remaining clothespins and making her shriek in pain.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s breasts and pussy glowed red from the beating as I tossed the pillows away, pushing her flat on her back.&nbsp; She writhed on the bed and looked like a beetle trapped on its shell.&nbsp; Her eyes were moist and lines of tears ran down her cheeks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Spread those legs cunt, hold your ankles so I can mount you.&nbsp; Monique whimpered and reached out, grabbing her ankles, pulling her legs wide till her inner thighs started to twitch from the strain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I collapsed between her splayed thighs and brought my open hand down hard on her heaving breast, smacking it with my palm and making her shriek again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Beg me to fuck you slut.&nbsp; I slapped Monique hard across the face, making her head jerk to the side as she blubbered incoherently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her legs started to twitch as her muscles strained trying to hold the position.&nbsp; I loved the feel of my hand smacking her breasts, hearing the loud crack of flesh on flesh over and over again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, please, OWWWEEE.&nbsp; I brought my hand down on her tit again, slapping her soft skin brutally.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MAAASSSSTTTERRRRR, PPPPLLEEEEEAAASSSEEEE FUCK THIS USELESS WHORE!!!&nbsp; Monique screamed out the words between the blows of my hand on her breasts and cheek.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Massssttterrrr, pleeeaaasseeeee fuck your slave, cum in me, please.&nbsp; I fell on top of Monique&#8217;s body, her legs spasmed and closed on my hips as I plunged my cock into her moist hole.&nbsp; I loved the look in her eyes, I could see the pain, but I could see her smoldering lust as I buried my dick deep in her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique arched her body up to meet me, still holding her ankles in her hands and keeping them spread wide I could feel her hard nipples against my chest as she tried to whisper in my ear.&nbsp; She knew I loved the hot feel of her breath on my skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cum in this whore&#8217;s pussy Master, please.&nbsp; She gasped out the words between groans of pain.&nbsp; I felt her teeth gently nibble on my ear lobe as her hot breath buffeted my cheek.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, fuck this cunt hard, please.&nbsp; I could hear her moaning as I started slamming my cock in her tight hole, feeling the strain in her muscles as she tried to arch her body up in order to pant in my ear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck me Master, cum in my pussy Master, please!&nbsp; I rammed my hips into Monique&#8217;s tight hole, hearing her grunt each time my cock thrust deep in her body.&nbsp; I grabbed the back of her head, winding my hands through her hair and tugging her head back so I was looking her in the eyes.&nbsp; I loved the confusion, the mix of lust and pain as she stared back at me.&nbsp; I loved the way she groaned each time I buried my dick in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeeze my prick cunt.&nbsp; Monique let out a squeal of discomfort as she clamped her pussy down on my cock.&nbsp; I could see the way her face contorted as she tried to clutch my dick with her muscles.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt.&nbsp; I slapped her breast hard with my hand as I rammed into her hole, bucking off her body and making the bed creak.&nbsp; I could see the strain in Monique&#8217;s neck as I arched her head back and spit in her face, her eyes shot closed instantly as the saliva plastered her forehead.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeeze me bitch, I&#8217;m going to cum!&nbsp; The headboard slammed into the wall as I punished Monique&#8217;s body with my cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let go of her hair and locked my hands on her shoulders, pushing her hard into the mattress.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make me cum whore!!!&nbsp; I dug my nails into her flesh as I pumped my cock deep in her hole.&nbsp; I could see the grimace on her face as I felt her vaginal muscles lock down on me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut!&nbsp; I rammed my dick to the hilt in her tight snatch and felt my balls explode, shooting my hot, thick, cum deep in her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;May I&#8212;, May I, May I cum Master?&nbsp; I could feel Monique&#8217;s cunt clamping down on me as she gritted her teeth together and threw her head back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed Monique by the hair and arched her head back, making her look up at me as I rammed my dick in her throbbing pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You can cum slut!&nbsp; Monique opened her mouth and howled as her body exploded under me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique moaned and bucked, wrapping her legs around my hips.&nbsp; I knew her pussy and breasts must have been burning like fire from the from the beating, but still she squeezed her thighs tight around my body and crushed her breasts against my chest.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, thank you for cumming in this cunt&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; I could feel her clamping down on my dick hard as she hesitated for an instant, panting, her eyes were down cast as she arched her chest up and scraped her aching, erect nipples against my body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s body convulsed and writhed under me for a few minutes, I loved the feel of her under me.&nbsp; She lapped her tongue against my neck, and softly spoke.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, will you please whip my ass too, so I can scream more for you.&nbsp; I bucked my hips, making Monique cry out in discomfort as I plunged my cock one last time into her hole, milking every last drop of cum in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; No slut, not right now.&nbsp; I let go of Monique&#8217;s hair and slipped my dick out of her warm, tight pussy.&nbsp; My prick was aching, and so sensitive as I knelt next to her on the bed.&nbsp; I slapped the head of my cock down on her forehead before wiping my slimy shaft dry with her hair.&nbsp; I brought the tip of my dick to her lips and rubbed it against her moist flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kiss me slut, thank me for using you!&nbsp; Tears were streaking down Monique&#8217;s cheeks as she gently kissed the head of my cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master for beating me, and using this cunt&#8217;s pussy as a receptacle for your cum, a slut could ask no more.&nbsp; Monique lapped her tongue against the length of my prick and sucked my balls into her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pinched Monique&#8217;s nostrils shut and watched her eyes bulge.&nbsp; I felt the lovely suction on my balls as she gasped for breath.&nbsp; Suddenly my balls popped from her lips and she desperately sucked in air.&nbsp; I let go of her nose and tapped her on the head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good slut.&nbsp; I winked down at the girl and climbed off the bed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll be back later, maybe I&#8217;ll bring Emily too.&nbsp; I slammed the bedroom door shut and locked it from the outside.&nbsp; My dick was aching and sore.&nbsp; I thought I might watch a little TV before I went back to my girls&#8217;. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I pulled into the bar, lines of chromed Harley&#8217;s filled the lot.&nbsp; I could feel my dick starting to twitch just thinking about seeing Lisa again, and what Mack had used her for since we&#8217;d left her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim opened the rear door of the van and exposed Tara to the cool night air.&nbsp; She was kneeling uncomfortably on the rough carpet.&nbsp; Jim had made a metal frame to transport his girl.&nbsp; Padded metal bars supported her chest and hips, and her wrist and ankle cuffs were chained wide to bolts in the floor.&nbsp; Heavy metal clips were snapped shut on her breasts with taut cords tied down to the floor pulling her nipples taut.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara&#8217;s head twisted side to side, but the thick leather hood sealed tight around her neck deprived her of any sight or sound of what was happening.&nbsp; Only small nostril holes, and the opening for her mouth gave her any exposure to the world.&nbsp; Her jaws were spread wide by the penis gag forced between her teeth, and drool ran down the front of the leather mask, dripping down onto her chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear Tara moaning as Jim worked the clips off her nipples, they were attached to elastic bands snapped to the floor.&nbsp; The girl squealed as he opened the heavy teeth, and even through the hood I could hear her scream as the blood rushed back into her tortured breasts.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim turned and smiled at me as he pinched her aching nipples between his fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I love hearing this slut scream.&nbsp; Jim worked mechanically and undid the chains locked to Tara&#8217;s cuffs.&nbsp; We had to help her out of the van as she tried to stand on weary legs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I didn&#8217;t feel nearly as uncomfortable with the surroundings this time as we dragged Tara through the throngs of bikers crowded in the bar.&nbsp; Her heels clapped off the floor as we walked toward the back rooms, drawing everybody&#8217;s attention to us.&nbsp; I could feel all the eyes turning to watch as Tara staggered behind Jim on the leash.&nbsp; Deep red marks still shone on her breasts from the clamps in the van.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack was expecting us this time, and one of his bodyguards met us midway across the room.&nbsp; He didn&#8217;t say a word, his hulking figure towered over everybody in the bar and we followed him as the crowd parted before him.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Carrie was kneeling between Mack&#8217;s spread thighs.&nbsp; I could hear the way she slobbered as she sucked his cock.&nbsp; Mack wheezed as he clamped his hand on the back of her head as he worked her mouth over his shaft brutally.&nbsp; Her arms were bound behind her back in a thick leather sleeve, and I could see the butt plug stuffed in her ass as she bobbed in front of the disgustingly fat man, sucking on his prick.&nbsp; He seemed to have put on weight since the last time we&#8217;d been there, if that was even possible.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack lifted his hand to acknowledge us as he started to bellow.&nbsp; He pressed his hand hard on Carrie&#8217;s head, forcing her to deep throat his cock as he started to cum.&nbsp; I could see her back go rigid as she started to gag and choke on the spewing prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I thought Mack was going to have a heart attack as he face went beet red and he moved Carrie&#8217;s mouth over his shaft like a rag doll, forcing her to milk every drop of cum from his dick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Carrie gasped as Mack finally let go of her head and she sucked in a lungful of much needed air.&nbsp; The girl barely had time to breathe before she started lapping her tongue over the length of Mack&#8217;s cock, licking him clean.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get away from me bitch.&nbsp; Mack slapped Carrie across the side of the face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s time to talk business.&nbsp; Carrie kissed the head of Mack&#8217;s prick and grabbed the hem of his robe with her teeth, pulling the fabric over his waning cock.&nbsp; She staggered on her knees to the side of the chair and crouched at his side.&nbsp; I thought I caught her glancing up at me before she lowered her head and stared at the floor, licking her lips as her nipples scraped against her thighs.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hey Mack, how&#8217;s it going?&nbsp; Mack reached out his hand, but his eyes never left Tara.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Excuse me if I don&#8217;t get up boys.&nbsp; He roared in a huge belly laugh and tapped his groin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you looking to sell this cunt.&nbsp; Mack sighed as he tried to lift his body and touched Tara&#8217;s breast, pinching her nipples between his thick, meaty fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Looks like somebody&#8217;s been playing with these tits pretty harshly.&nbsp; I little squeal came from under the hood as Mack twisted Tara&#8217;s nipple brutally.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I like your style.&nbsp; Mack winked and let go of Tara&#8217;s breast.&nbsp; Her legs almost buckled as he pinched her clit between his fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;d have to see her face before I buy her though.&nbsp; Mack grabbed the leash dangling from Tara&#8217;s collar and pulled her into his lap.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, we&#8217;re not looking to sell her Mack, we just wanted to check up Lisa and see how she was doing.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This cunt is wet.&nbsp; Tara writhed on Mack&#8217;s lap as he plunged his fingers into her pussy, not hearing a word Jim said.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit, this slut is squeezing my fingers like a vice, how much do you want for her, I&#8217;ve got to have a bitch like this.&nbsp; Mack pulled his fingers from Tara&#8217;s pussy and jammed them in front of Carrie&#8217;s face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lick me slave.&nbsp; Mack glared down at Carrie.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is how you should be cunt, wet and ready for me all the time, like this bitch.&nbsp; I could see the single tear run down Carrie&#8217;s cheek as she opened her mouth and sucked Mack&#8217;s fingers between her lips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got to have her.&nbsp; Tara started humping Mack&#8217;s thigh, desperate to be touched again.&nbsp; Mack pulled his fingers from Carrie&#8217;s mouth and snapped them together.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got this new girl, just got her in.&nbsp; Instantly one of the bodyguards scurried from the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m not interested in&#8212;&nbsp; Mack cut Jim off before he could even finish.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just wait a second buddy, you&#8217;ll like this girl, she&#8217;s a smart little cunt, an, hell, I don&#8217;t know, something with numbers I think, accountant maybe, just know the little bitch is smart, and needs to be taught her place, I&#8217;m trying, but&#8212;&nbsp; Mack winked and ran his hand through Carrie&#8217;s hair.&nbsp; It seemed like the guard had been only gone for a few seconds when he returned, dragging a petite Asian girl behind him.&nbsp; She was crawling on the floor and her face was covered with drying cum, while her hair was streaked with more lines of sticky sperm.&nbsp; As the guard pulled the girl in front of where Jim and I stood, I could see semen dripping out of her swollen pussy, and ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard Tara moan as Mack plunged his fingers deep in her snatch once again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sorry, she&#8217;s kind of a mess, but the boys like the Asian cunt, they&#8217;ve been using her nonstop for the last 3 days.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t tell exactly with her on her hands and knees, but the girl looked to be about 5&#8217;3-5&#8217;4, and couldn&#8217;t have weighed much more than 100 lbs.&nbsp; Her hands were locked together with a short steel chain, and her ankles were attached together with a short hobble.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s a smart little bitch, aren&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; The girl looked at Mack with panic in her eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go on bitch, tell him.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m&#8212; The petite Asian girl looked at Mack, her body trembled with fear as she started to speak.&nbsp; I&#8217;m cumsocket, I need to be fucked like a whore and used as a sperm receptacle.&nbsp; Mack nodded at the guard and he tugged hard on the leash making the girl arch her head painfully up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tell him about yourself cunt, maybe you can be of some use to them, besides as a cum receptacle.&nbsp; Mack roared in laughter as the Asian girl started to cry.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8212;I&#8217;m&#8212; The guard cracked his hand down on her ass instantly, making her scream out in pain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe you&#8217;re not that smart after all bitch, did you forget already that you&#8217;re never use &#8216;I&#8217; again when you speak.&nbsp; Mack growled out as the guard slapped the Asian girl across the ass again.&nbsp; Her body started to shake like a leaf.&nbsp; The chains on her wrists and ankles clanged as she shuddered violently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This&#8212;this cunt was an engineer, she was on her way&#8212;, her voice broke as she tried to stutter out the words, her eyes were filled with fright as she tried to speak again, this cunt was driving back to school, and, m&#8212;this cunt&#8217;s car broke down, and&#8212; Tears were streaking down the face of the small Asian girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack pulled his fingers from Tara&#8217;s pussy and put his hand near the side of the chair for Carrie to lick clean, he grabbed for the base of Tara&#8217;s hood and grabbed the lock at her neck.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I need to see this cunt&#8217;s face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m sorry, I&#8217;m punishing her.&nbsp; She hasn&#8217;t seen or heard a thing for 2 days.&nbsp; Jim extended his hand and rubbed it over Tara&#8217;s smooth back, almost as if caressing a pet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack let go of the little brass lock and gasped in frustration, forcing Carrie to gag as he jammed his fingers deeper in her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re punishing her?&nbsp; What did the little whore do?&nbsp; Tara squirmed on Mack&#8217;s lap as he slapped her breast with his open hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had an orgasm without permission.&nbsp; Mack smiled, pulling his fingers from Carrie&#8217;s mouth he started fingering Tara&#8217;s clit.&nbsp; I could hear her start to groan as her body bucked off his lap desperately.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You mean, you&#8217;re punishing her for having an orgasm?&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s cries came louder and louder from under the hood.&nbsp; Mack pulled his fingers away from her pussy suddenly and she started to whine.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yep.&nbsp; Jim grinned as Tara ground her hips against Mack&#8217;s thigh, pushing her chest against him scraping her hard nipples, and trying to rub her aching pussy against his leg.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I can see she&#8217;s a needy bitch, isn&#8217;t she.&nbsp; Mack took Tara&#8217;s clit between his fingers and started pinching hard till her whines turned to shrieks.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got to have her, how about a trade?&nbsp; This little educated cunt, for your slut.&nbsp; Mack let go of Tara&#8217;s clit and cupped her ass with his palm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You can have this whore too.&nbsp; Mack grabbed Carrie by the hair using his free hand and arched her head up so she had to raise off her haunches.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Look at these tits, imagine how she&#8217;ll scream when you beat these.&nbsp; Mack smiled and pulled Carrie&#8217;s head back so she had to thrust out her chest.&nbsp; Her nipples were rock hard as her breasts shuddered.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m afraid I&#8217;m kind of fond of the slut Mack, I&#8217;ve spent a long time training her.&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s head twisted side to side, she couldn&#8217;t hear a word Jim said, but she humped Mack&#8217;s meaty thigh in need, almost as if she knew they were talking about her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe you could take her, Mack pointed to the kneeling Asian with disdain, take her with you for a test drive and leave, what&#8217;s this cunt&#8217;s name?&nbsp; Mack tugged on Tara&#8217;s collar again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara, her name is Tara, not that it really matters.&nbsp; Jim smirked as Mack thrust his fingers back in Tara&#8217;s pussy, making her squeal as he penetrated her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack started finger fucking Tara, thrusting his fingers deep inside her snatch, slamming his knuckles against her opening.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God, she&#8217;s doing it again, the bitch is squeezing my fingers so hard it&#8217;s not even funny.&nbsp; I could hear the whistling sound from the small nostril holes in the leather hood as Tara was panting in lust.&nbsp; I tried to imagine what she was thinking, wondering if she could tell it wasn&#8217;t Jim or I using her, or if she thought she was allowed to cum under the onslaught.&nbsp; I knew it had been 4 days since she&#8217;d orgasmed without permission and Jim hadn&#8217;t allowed her to cum again since.&nbsp; It had been two days since she&#8217;d been hooded, and before that, Jim had whipped and beat her almost constantly, so I knew she must have been absolutely desperate with need by now.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do you want for her?&nbsp; Name your price.&nbsp; Mack slammed his fingers as far as he could in Tara&#8217;s pussy making her rise up off his thigh.&nbsp; She tried to ride his hand, but he kept pushing up till she was up on her knees, unable to move any higher.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anything, name it.&nbsp; There was a layer of sweat on Tara&#8217;s belly as she sucked air in through the small holes in the hood.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll think about it Mack, but I really like the slut&#8212;, Jim watched Tara&#8217;s body intently, her breasts rose and fell quickly and she moaned while Mack twisted his fingers inside her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll think about it.&nbsp; Mack started pulling his fingers from Tara&#8217;s snatch, she tried to move with him, to keep him impaled inside of her, but his digits slipped from her sex with an audible slurping sound.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Take this Asian cum socket along with you, and this slut too.&nbsp; Mack pushed his wet fingers in Carrie&#8217;s mouth, she sucked on his hand furiously as the fear was visible in her eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe you could train them, I know this bitch needs it.&nbsp; Carrie gagged as Mack opened his finger in her mouth and pushed to the back of her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim looked over at me, he knew I liked Carrie, and the Asian girl was hot too.&nbsp; I winked at him, knowing we might even be able to put her to use for something at the shop 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack grabbed Tara&#8217;s collar and pulled her face toward his, her hard nipples scraped against his terrycloth robe as he kissed the leather patch covering her forehead.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack moved his hands over Tara&#8217;s back, rubbing rough hands over her smooth skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I forgot, what did you boys show up for again?&nbsp; Mack leaned forward and sucked Tara&#8217;s nipple into his mouth, bringing his teeth down on her hard nub making her wail.&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Please write me at my new email, since I no longer have access to semiater.&nbsp; Thanks.semiater&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; aspererus@yahoo.com

















 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape &amp; Torture

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter Seventeen

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack pulled Tara&#8217;s nipple taut with his teeth making her squeal as she straddled his thighs.&nbsp; He stopped biting suddenly and pushed her chest away from him and then reached down toward Carrie in one motion.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get out of here slut, I don&#8217;t need you anymore.&nbsp; Mack smacked Carrie&#8217;s breast with his hand, shoving her away from his side.&nbsp; She had a confused look on her face as she shuffled away.&nbsp; There was almost a look of disappointment, or jealousy, in her eyes as Mack forced Tara to the floor where Carrie had just knelt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God this bitch is incredible, I&#8217;ve got to have her.&nbsp; Mack placed his hand on Tara&#8217;s head, I could hear her moaning under the hood as she sat up straight, chest out.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Okay boys, lets talk some business.&nbsp; What did you show up for?&nbsp; Mack could barely keep eye contact with Jim and I, his head turned to the side as he kept looking down at Tara.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack, we came to see how Lisa was doing, you know, the girl we sold you before?&nbsp; Mack looked up long enough to show confusion.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa, Lisa?&nbsp; Mmm, don&#8217;t remember a Lisa.&nbsp; What&#8217;d she look like?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Blonde, decent tits.&nbsp; I think you said you were going to have a contest with her the night we sold her to you, you wanted to see how much cum she could swallow, though, I&#8217;m sure that&#8217;s nothing unique here.&nbsp; I winked and Mack started laughing, his belly jiggled as he roared like a jolly santa.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh yeah, I remember, Lisa, Mack twisted his head side to side as he laughed, as if disaffirming the memory, though, her name isn&#8217;t Lisa anymore, I didn&#8217;t like that nametoo, well, too human for a cunt like that.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve just been calling her &#8216;slimy&#8217;, since her holes are usually dripping with cum and she&#8217;s such a mess most the time.&nbsp; Mack tapped his hand on Tara&#8217;s head before he begrudgingly looked away from her gorgeous body and back up at Jim and I.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Damn funny thing, I was sure I paid you boys too much for the cunt, but you know, she&#8217;s been one of my big earners.&nbsp; Can&#8217;t say I use her much myself, she&#8217;s too, well, used, for my tastes at this point, but she brings in the cash, so I can&#8217;t say I mind much.&nbsp; That&#8217;s all she&#8217;s good for anyway, just a fuck hole.&nbsp; Mack grabbed the ring on the front of Tara&#8217;s collar and pulled her between his spread thighs.&nbsp; He forced her hooded head against his groin and moaned as the leather rubbed against his bulging prick.&nbsp; Mack closed his eyes and rolled his head back, savoring the feel of Tara against his cock.&nbsp; His speech was slow and deliberate when he opened his eyes again. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There is just something about her that makes the boys want to gangbang her.&nbsp; She&#8217;s not much of a one-on-one girl, usually she&#8217;s just a chain fuck, you know, one boy after another, ramming in, cumming, and then the guy next in line is up.&nbsp; Mack reached down and took Tara&#8217;s nipple between his fingers, twisting it hard, making her hop up off her haunches and squeal.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In fact, she&#8217;s just a bunny fuck girl now.&nbsp; Set her up, charge the boys $20 for five minutes, let&#8217;em cum, and then on to the next.&nbsp; You&#8217;d be amazed the lines to use her sloppy holes.&nbsp; Usually I let them use her ass or cunt, damn she&#8217;s a mess after, and I bet that pussy is sore, but as long as I make my money I couldn&#8217;t give a damn what she feels.&nbsp; Mack grabbed Tara&#8217;s collar and pulled her up into his lap, she had to stagger up onto his thighs with her arms still pinned behind her back.&nbsp; Her legs were spread wide and straddled him, almost as if she was about to start riding him.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you boys want to see her, she&#8217;s working now I think,&nbsp; Mack slid his hand over Tara&#8217;s belly and forced his finger back in her sex, well, if you think getting a bunch of cocks rammed in your fuck holes over and over is work.&nbsp; Hell, she probably likes it, as any good slut should.&nbsp; Mack bellowed in laughter as he started burying his finger deep in Tara&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God I love this cunt, she&#8217;s like a vise.&nbsp; Tara ground her hips into Mack&#8217;s thighs, sliding over his legs, riding him like a horse as he slapped his fingers inside her, slamming his knuckles hard against her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I need to own this bitch, just name your price!&nbsp; Mack was panting, almost wheezing, as he kept driving his finger faster and faster into Tara&#8217;s cunt.&nbsp; Her body started to shudder, and then suddenly I could hear the guttural roar from her belly as she exploded in orgasm.&nbsp; Her thighs squeezed tight on Mack&#8217;s legs and her stomach convulsed, Tara threw her hooded head back and screamed.&nbsp; It seemed like every muscle in her body twitched and spasmed, almost as if a massive electric current was being pumped through her frame.&nbsp; Tara bucked off Mack&#8217;s thighs like a bronco.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit, this slut is running like a river.&nbsp; Her cunt is so wet it&#8217;s not even funny.&nbsp; Tara splayed her legs wide, slowly grinding her sex into Mack&#8217;s lap savoring every second of orgasm.&nbsp; Her nipples were rock hard and her breasts quivered enticingly, her skin was covered with a layer of perspiration that shone in the bright lights, a bead of sweat ran down her chest and hung on her nipple, dangling on her sensitive nub before it fell into Mack&#8217;s lap.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sorry about that buddy, I&#8217;m sorry that I let her cum, I know you were punishing her.&nbsp; Mack pulled his finger from Tara&#8217;s pussy with a loud slurping sound.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get over here you Asian whore.&nbsp; Mack held out his hand, it was coated in Tara&#8217;s juices; from the finger he used to penetrate her, to the back of his hand and palm, it was completely soaked.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl didn&#8217;t move and one of the guards kicked the sobbing girl in the side making her shriek.&nbsp; She stumbled forward, toward Mack&#8217;s extended hand, the chains on her wrists and ankles clanged as she shuffled reluctantly along the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lick it up slut.&nbsp; Mack pushed his hand into the Asian girl&#8217;s face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What is your name again cunt?&nbsp; Tears streaked down the Asian girl&#8217;s cheeks, mixing with the drying cum as they ran off her chin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;C---CC----Cccuuuummmmsooocket.&nbsp; The Asian girl could barely get out the word she was crying so hard, she was almost blubbering as she stuttered out her new name.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack pushed his fingers into cumsocket&#8217;s mouth, making her gag as he pressed his fingers against her tongue, spreading her jaws achingly wide making her gag.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean&#8217;um cunt.&nbsp; Mack made her suck his fingers for a few minutes in her mouth before pulling them from between the Asian girl&#8217;s lips.&nbsp; Her body shook violently as she started lapping her tongue over Mack&#8217;s fingers and hand as he held it in front of her face.&nbsp; Tara moaned softly as she tried to rub her hips against Mack&#8217;s thighs, savoring the bliss of her orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you like the taste of her pussy, don&#8217;t you cumsocket.&nbsp; The Asian girl ran her tongue over Mack&#8217;s hand, lapping away like a little kitty drinking milk but she didn&#8217;t answer, only sobbed louder as she licked his fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack backhanded the Asian girl across the side of the face making her cry out in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I asked if you liked the taste of her pussy cunt.&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s body started quaking in fear, her mouth opened to respond but she couldn&#8217;t seem to get out any words.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess you&#8217;re not that smart a bitch after all, are you?&nbsp; Maybe we&#8217;ve found you your true calling, just a fuck toy, a bunch of holes for cocks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack rubbed his hand through the Asian girl&#8217;s long hair drying his fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I should turn you into a bunny fuck girl, isn&#8217;t that right cunt?&nbsp; I think you&#8217;d like it though.&nbsp; Mack brought his hand down hard against her face again, making her head jerk to the side with the slap.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Y&#8212;yyee---yessss Master, this, this, this cunt, is just a useless socket for cum.&nbsp; The Asian girl broke down after she got out the words, wailing, sobbing, as she collapsed on the floor and curled into a little ball, the metal chains on her wrists and ankles clanged as she wept in complete and utter humiliation.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara yelped as Mack grabbed for her nipples and twisted them violently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That cunt needs a lot of training, but I understand she does have a tight pussy, and you might be able to put her to some use in your office or something, she has to be worth something.&nbsp; Tara was howling under the hood as Mack brutalized her nipples.&nbsp; The Asian girl was crying on the floor, rolling from side to side in utter shame and degradation.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So whatta think boys, want to take these sluts on exchange.&nbsp; Tara groaned with relief as Mack let go of her nipples.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve never been willing to do it before, but I&#8217;ll even give you some money along with the girls I want this cunt so bad.&nbsp; Mack ran his huge hand over Tara&#8217;s quivering belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Name your price.&nbsp; Mack never looked up as he spoke, he just continued to run his hand over Tara&#8217;s smooth stomach and stared at her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t know Mack, the Asian bitch and Carrie, they&#8217;re nice pieces of ass, but Tara, there is something about her.&nbsp; Jim looked wistfully at Tara&#8217;s body as she ground her hips into Mack&#8217;s thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, at least take the two for a test drive, do what you want with them I don&#8217;t care, then, then after that, lets talk, just leave me this slut.&nbsp; Mack took hold of Tara&#8217;s hips and slid her over his lap, using her inner thighs to rub his cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack grunted as he lifted up off the chair forcing Tara to stumble blindly to her feet as he tried to stand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s go take a look at your other girl, damnI forgot, what was her name again?&nbsp; Mack was huffing, almost out of breath from the effort of standing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slimy, um, Lisa, Lisa, that was the cunt&#8217;s name, right.&nbsp; Mack asked rhetorically and grabbed the cold metal leash still clipped to Tara&#8217;s collar, pulling it taut as he started to move.&nbsp; He started waddling towards the door, Tara let out a whine of discomfort as he started dragging her along behind him like a rag doll.&nbsp; He staggered to a lumbering stop and turned back toward Jim and I.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you mind grabbing those other two whores, maybe they&#8217;d like to see your bitch getting used, might be good for&#8217;em.&nbsp; Jim reached down and took the Asian girl up under the arms, lifting her to her feet in one easy motion.&nbsp; Tears dripped off her chin as she continued to sob.&nbsp; He took hold of her leash and snapped it hard, tugging on her neck, pulling her forward brutally.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl stumbled and almost fell, she could only take the smallest little strides with the hobble chain clipped to her ankle cuffs.&nbsp; I reached down and grabbed for Carrie&#8217;s nipples, grasping them between my fingers and pinching down.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get up slut.&nbsp; Carrie whimpered softly, her eyes were moist as she stared up at me.&nbsp; I pulled her breasts taut and hauled her to her feet, making her whimper pitifully.&nbsp; One of the guards handed me a leash and I quickly snapped it to her collar and then slapped her breast with my open hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you like having a nice big cock between those breasts, don&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Carrie dropped her eyes and looked at my feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, this slut&#8217;s udders are good for fucking.&nbsp; I jerked the handle of Carrie&#8217;s leash and pulled her face inches from mine.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll be the judge of that.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going to cum on that pretty face later, maybe after I wrap those tits and beat them with a crop, then have you beg me to titty fuck you.&nbsp; I clamped my mouth down on Carrie&#8217;s, burying my tongue between her lips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Carrie gasped and shuddered with fear as I pulled my mouth off hers and tugged the leash taut, staring down into her tear filled eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;d like that, wouldn&#8217;t you slut, to feel my hot sperm on your face?&nbsp; I thought Carrie was going to burst into tears as I held the leash tight and arched her head back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s go see how Lisa is doing cunt, maybe you need to become a bunny fuck girl bitch.&nbsp; I saw the little tear run down Carrie&#8217;s face just as I turned toward the door, dragging the big titted slut behind me.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t stop thinking how Carrie would make a good replacement for Jayme, I&#8217;d loved abusing her breasts, even if I&#8217;d only had her for a short while.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We headed through the back halls of the club, the din of the music echoed, and throbbed, in the narrow passages.&nbsp; I could hear the sound of fucking as we passed the small rooms to either side of the hall.&nbsp; Small little windows opened up on the rooms and I took a quick glance inside one, to the people in the room it seemed merely to be a mirror, so they couldn&#8217;t tell I was watching, at least the &#8216;client&#8217; couldn&#8217;t, I&#8217;m sure the girl getting fucked knew Mack, or any of the staff, could watch at any time.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A long limbed brunette was on her knees, bent over the edge of the bed while one of the drunk, tattooed bikers rutted her like an animal.&nbsp; Her breasts were crushed against the ratty mattress and her knees jerked up off the rough floor as the man brutally fucked her from behind.&nbsp; I pushed Carrie&#8217;s nose against the small window, grabbing her hair and making her look inside.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Guess you&#8217;re lucky to not be a common whore like her.&nbsp; Carrie wept as I let go of her head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tugged hard on the leash and pulled Carrie forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s go see Lisa slut.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Carrie shuffled down the hall behind me, I heard the commotion as I turned the corner.&nbsp; Mack, Tara, and Jim were at the end of the hall standing in front of a large window.&nbsp; Cumsocket was on her knees with her face buried in Jim&#8217;s groin, he had his hands on the back of her head with his cock deep in her mouth.&nbsp; I could hear her gagging as Jim held her lips at the base of his dick, she was choking as his prick snaked in her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim&#8217;s eyes were fixed on the scene in front of him through the window, it opened up to a small room, there was a brightly lit digital clock against the wall counting down.&nbsp; I could see the bare ass of the huge biker violently fucking Lisa, or at least what I figured was Lisa.&nbsp; His jeans were bunched around his ankles as he rutted Lisa&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; Her ass seemed to project from the wall, her ankles were chained wide to rings in the floor and she wore brutally high heels which rocked with each vicious thrust of the biker&#8217;s hips.&nbsp; Lisa&#8217;s body seemed to disappear at the belly, just her ass and pussy were available.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A loud screeching bell rang in the room as the clock on the wall went below the one minute mark.&nbsp; The biker started grunting louder and louder as his fingers dug into Lisa&#8217;s hips, her legs looked like they&#8217;d collapse as the huge thug slammed into her cunt like a jackhammer.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack turned back toward me and grinned, Tara was standing to his side, her head twisted blindly under the leather hood.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is the best part, but I don&#8217;t think bunny fuck is really the right word, it doesn&#8217;t do the act justice.&nbsp; Mack chuckled and turned back to look at the scene.&nbsp; I could hear the Asian girl gagging as Jim moved her mouth over the shaft of his cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The loud screeching bell went off again as the clock hit zero.&nbsp; I heard the biker bellow simultaneously as he slammed forward, impaling his cock deep in Lisa&#8217;s hole, his hips jerked and his legs shuddered as he shot his cum into her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The door in the little room opened and a guard entered, it happened so fast as the biker slammed his body forward, pumping the last drops of cum in her pussy while the guard approached, he didn&#8217;t even let the man pull up his pants before dragging him out of the room, his cock was still hard and erect, slimy from Lisa&#8217;s cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An instant after the biker was out of the room the guard let another man in.&nbsp; The new man had his dick out as he walked through the door.&nbsp; He smacked his open hand down hard on Lisa&#8217;s ass before dipping his fingers into the big jar of lube set next to her shaking hips.&nbsp; The clock had already started to wind down as the long, lean, man rubbed the oily gel into Lisa&#8217;s loose anus.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man was dirty, it looked like he&#8217;d just come in from the fields.&nbsp; His boots were muddy as he bellied up behind Lisa and buried his cock in her ass.&nbsp; I could almost imagine how she must have been screaming with the penetration, but without being able to see her head, I didn&#8217;t know how she was reacting.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wondered why only half her body was exposed, perhaps her mouth was being used on the other side of the wall by other paying customers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim grunted as he rammed his cock into the Asian girl&#8217;s mouth, I could hear her choking with each brutal thrust of his hips.&nbsp; Mack had Tara in front of him, grinding his hard cock against her ass.&nbsp; He didn&#8217;t try to fuck her, not yet, but he dry humped her as the tall farmer brutally ass fucked Lisa in the small room, making Lisa&#8217;s heels click off the floor as he rode her hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim bellowed and slammed the Asian girl against the window just as the one minute bell went off in the room.&nbsp; I could hear cumsocket&#8217;s wrist chains clanging as she tried to push Jim&#8217;s hips away, she was gagging desperately as he pumped his cock into her throat and finally spewed in her mouth.&nbsp; Jim&#8217;s hands were flat against the window as he bucked his hips, draining every drop of cum in to the girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Inside the small room the final bell went off, the lanky farmer was still jerking his hips, pounding into Lisa&#8217;s ass when the guard came in.&nbsp; He was still rutting Lisa when the hulking guard grabbed him by the collar and tugged, pulling his raging cock out of Lisa&#8217;s ass and he started to spurt as the guard heaved him away, cum shot over Lisa&#8217;s back and against the wall.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim finally let the Asian girl up for air, pulling his dick out of her mouth as the farmer was dragged from the room.&nbsp; Mack patted Jim on the back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess the dumb cunt is good for something after all.&nbsp; He turned to look at me, winking as he wrapped his hand around Tara&#8217;s body and squeezed her nipple.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got one more thing to show you boys.&nbsp; Mack&#8217;s smile was so wide it was hard to describe.&nbsp; He tugged hard on Tara&#8217;s leash and pulled her in line behind him as he started toward a door to our left.&nbsp; Cumsocket was coughing as Jim dragged her to her feet, sperm and saliva bubbled from her lips and ran down her chin, dangling over her hard nipples as she gasped for breath, trying to recover from the violent face fucking. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tugged on Carrie&#8217;s leash, she was whimpering and her eyes were fixed on the small room behind the window, the clock was already running again and another of the bikers was using Lisa.&nbsp; Her legs were bent trying to absorb the brutal fucking.&nbsp; Mack was right, bunny fucking didn&#8217;t do it justice.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sound of the bar was loud as we walked past the long line of guys waiting on Lisa.&nbsp; There must have been at least 10 guys snaked in a small line, almost like they were queued at an amusement park.&nbsp; None of them seemed to have any embarrassment about having their dicks out, stroking themselves, getting ready for their short, five minute window, to fuck Lisa.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Carrie pressed close against my back as we moved past the waiting men, she whimpered in utter shame as a few tried to touch her, grabbing for her huge breasts.&nbsp; I could feel her hard nipples against my back as the cat calls came.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim stopped and started to chuckle as he made the Asian girl open her legs, she was sobbing like a child as the men in line fingered her raw and cum filled cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack waddled in front of the procession, Tara&#8217;s heels clapped off the floor as she was led blindly along.&nbsp; I wondered if she had any idea of what was going on.&nbsp; I knew she must have figured out Jim or I didn&#8217;t have control of her right now, but what else she was thinking, I couldn&#8217;t even imagine.&nbsp; Perhaps she was only happy that she&#8217;d been able to cum.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack pushed open the door to the men&#8217;s restroom.&nbsp; I could feel Carrie&#8217;s large tits crushed against my back as we entered.&nbsp; Instantly I saw where the rest of Lisa&#8217;s body was, her torso projected from the wall just below the shoulder.&nbsp; Her breasts weren&#8217;t visible, but her head was in a trough, a urinal trough.&nbsp; Her lips were spread wide by a large ring gag and she was grunting.&nbsp; The trough was set at the end of the room, at the end of all the other urinals.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack came to a halt in front of Lisa, her head was jerking as she groaned from being bunny fucked.&nbsp; I heard the loud screech of the bell, and knew it must be either the one minute mark, or the finale.&nbsp; Her hair was soaked and the ends dripped with piss.&nbsp; There were long nostril hooks buried in her nose, and the cord attached to the end ran to a pulley in the wall, then up to the ceiling, a handle dangled from the wire at eye level.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Need to piss boys?&nbsp; Mack grabbed the handle and tugged, Lisa squealed as her head jerked upwards.&nbsp; She moaned piteously as Mack pulled out his dick.&nbsp; It took a few seconds for the flow to start, but he didn&#8217;t seem to care.&nbsp; Lisa squeezed her eyes closed as the golden stream splashed off her forehead.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t do anything to stop the flow from filling her gaping mouth.&nbsp; I heard the loud clang of the bell from the other room and wondered whether cum was being shot into her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It didn&#8217;t seem like Mack would ever stop pissing.&nbsp; On and on it went till he was finally done and let go of the handle letting Lisa&#8217;s head drop, her chin plopped into the urine at the base of the trough and I could hear her sob between grunts.&nbsp; The drain didn&#8217;t even seem like it worked.&nbsp; I could imagine on a busy night with all the guys coming in, pissing in their drunken stupor, that Lisa&#8217;s lips would be under the level of the pooled urine.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack eased his prick between the folds of his robe and smiled at Jim and I.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bet you wouldn&#8217;t even want this slut back anymore, would you.&nbsp; Mack&#8217;s yellowed teeth looked vicious as he winked gleefully, he was breathing heavily, almost gasping for air his hand played over Tara&#8217;s skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The restroom door swung open and three drunken bikers entered, they were loud, and staggered across the room toward us.&nbsp; There eyes were glazed with alcohol as they pushed toward Lisa&#8217;s head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I love this urinal.&nbsp; The fattest, most disgusting biker slurred his words as he tugged hard on the handle, lifting Lisa&#8217;s head up and started to piss as I heard the bell go off in the other room.&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Please write me at my new email (since I no longer have access to semiater).&nbsp; Thanks.John (Semiater&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; aspererus@yahoo.com)












 
  John
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-05-07T00:00:00Z
  2007-05-07T00:00:00Z
  11
  4756
  27112
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  225
  63
  31805
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  5 pt
  2
  2
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 
  
 
 
  
 






Cheerleaders Rape &amp; Torture

&nbsp;

by Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

&nbsp;

Chapter Eighteen

 

 So boys, do we have a deal? Mack stared at Taras
body intently, her breasts shuddered enticingly in
front of him, mere inches from his face.

 I wont ask you to sell me the
bitch now, but take the other sluts for a test drive and well talk after that,
okay. Mack ran his hand over Taras belly, her nipples were hard and her stomach
trembled under his touch as she straddled his massive thighs with her legs spread
impossibly wide. 

 Jim reached out and grabbed for
Carries nipples, the girl cried out as he tugged on them violently, making her
hop up off her haunches to try and relieve the strain. 

 I just dont know Mack, Carrie
squealed as Jim pulled hard on her nipples, theres
just something about Tara. 

 Carries hands instantly went to her
breasts as Jim let go of her sensitive buds, he looked over at me, asking me
what I thought without saying a word.

 Its up to you buddy, shes your
slut. He pushed two fingers in Carries
mouth and made her gag as he pressed them to the back of her throat. 

 Okay, but only for a couple weeks
Mack. Jim looked down at Carrie.

 I do like this sluts tits. Jim pulled his fingers from Carries mouth
and reached into his pocket, he grabbed a small ring of keys and held them in
his hand for a good twenty seconds, staring at them before tossing them to
Mack. 

 Dont mess her up, okay. Jim leaned forward and ran his hand over
Taras back, her body quivered as his rough palm trailed over her smooth skin,
I couldnt tell for sure, but I thought I saw her lean back as he ran his
fingers over her spine, I wondered if she knew it was him touching her.

&nbsp;

 Carrie was crying,
tears streaked down her face as she stumbled behind me on the leash. Jim dragged the Asian girl on a short chain
in front of me as we headed out of the back rooms. 

 Holy Shit! One of the drunk men at the bar screamed and staggered
in front of Jim and the Asian girl, almost collapsing into a heap onto the
floor as he stopped them. 

 Holy shit, youre the chick I
picked up on the road. Heads started
turning, a naked girl being paraded on a leash through Macks bar wasnt a big
deal, but the loud, obnoxious man slurring, yelling, drew the patrons
attention, it usually meant a fight was just about to break out, and that never
failed to interest the crowd. 

 Holy shit, youre a mess. The slovenly drunk smacked the back of the
guy next to him as he eyed the Asian slut lustfully. 

 This is the bitch I found on the
side of the road man. The men around
him turned instantly and looked at the girl, obviously they were all well
informed about the story of how hed found the girl, it was probably already
local legend; finding a helpless, hot, educated Asian girl out in the sticks.

 Youre a mess. You really are a slut, arent you? Cumsockets face
went beet red, her hair was still matted and streaked with drying cum, her lips
were pasty white from all the sperm shed swallowed and her ass and pussy oozed
semen from all the guys shed been fucked by in the previous days. 

 Bet you wish youd let me take you
to the motel now, dont you bitch. The
Asian girl recoiled as the drunk man reached out and
twisted her nipple making her shriek.

 What was it, Joyce. The slobbering lush reached in his pocket and
pulled out a wad of cash, he waived it in front of the Asian girls face as Jim
tugged hard on her leash. Look what I
got for you cunt. Tears started streaking
down her cheeks as she gasped with the strain.

 My, my nameis, the sobbing Asian
girl turned to look at Jim, begging with her eyes to make it stop, but she only
received a cold stare in return, forcing her look down at the floor in
humiliation, my name is cumsocket now. 

 The Asian girls head jerked violently
as Jim snapped the leash again. She
groaned in complete and utter embarrassment as she spoke. 

 Im cumsocket
now, she hesitated, then whispered, Sir. 

 The drunk ran his hands over cumsockets breasts and down over her belly, she yelped as
he slid a finger inside her aching pussy.
Jim kept the leash pulled taut, smiling as he watched the man molesting
the girl on the chain.

 Why dont you ask him if he wants
to fuck your useless pussy one last time cunt. The Asian girl turned instantly toward Jim, her
eyes were wide in complete and abject shame, her whole frame spasmed like it was on fire, tears
cascaded down her cheeks as she howled in desperation. Her eyes were locked on Jims, trying to beg
him to stop her torment. 

 Cumsockets
neck jerked as Jim pulled on the leash, her voice started to crack as she
spoke.

 Do you want to The Asian girl screeched as Jim yanked
hard on the chain attached to her collar one more time.

 No cunt, dont ask him if he wants
to fuck that useless pussy of yours, beg him to fuck you like the little whore
you are. Cumsockets
legs shook so violently I thought shed collapse. 

 Will you please fuck her voice cracked and threatened to give, will you
please fuck this useless sluts pussy, it was almost imperceptible, the pause,
but the Asian girl hesitated for an instant before continuing, Sir. She broke down and started to howl as soon as
she got the words out of her mouth. 

 Ill fuck you bitch, thats all
youre good for anyway. Cumsocket squealed as the drunk rammed his finger deep in
her aching snatch, forcing her up on her tip toes to relieve the strain.

 The drunk looked over at Jim, his
eyes were red, and glazed over from the alcohol.

 She thought she could offer me a
blow job or show me her tits when I picked her up, thinking that that would be enough, didnt you hun. The drunk ran his wet fingers over cumsockets face, almost falling to the floor as he swayed. 

 You should have heard the way she
screamed the first time I fucked her though, but I see that was all an act, the
bitch is a whore and likes a big dick in her pussy. Jim laughed and the drunk almost fell as he
stumbled over his own feet, barely able to slur out the words.

 Why dont you get to business
buddy, see if that pussy is still tight. I could see the horror in Carries eyes as
she watched Jim move the Asian girl toward the bar and point. I pushed Carrie to her knees by my side, she pressed her body close to me, rubbing her head
against my bulging cock and squeezing her breasts against my thighs for
security. Guys around me leered at her
tits but nobody tried to touch her. I
ran my fingers through her hair and heard the chants start up from around the
room, urging the drunk on. 

 Cumsocket was
crying, sobbing out of control as the men moved away from the bar instantly and
circled her. Her hands were shaking
violently as she grabbed for the rail on the bar and clamped hold, her knuckles
went white as she bent at the waist and gripped the rail. Her legs were spread wide and her body shook
intensely as rough, calloused, fingers prodded and poked her, squeezing her
breasts, tugging on her nipples and smacking her back. 

 I should have kept you for myself
you cunt. The drunk
man unzipped his fly and let his pants clumsily fall around his ankles. His claw like fingers dug into cumsockets hips.

 FUCK HER, FUCK HER, FUCK HER The
chant roared through the bar, even the band stopped playing as the staggering
drunk bellied up behind the petite Asian girl.


 Cumsockets
body jerked forward as the drunk man rammed his cock
into her battered pussy, she let out a loud bleat of pain and humiliation as
his dick went deep in her belly. 

 A hushed awe came over the room as
the slobbering man pounded into the Asian girl, the sound of flesh on flesh
echoed through the large bar as her drove her forward with each brutal thrust
of his hips. He must have topped out at
over 250, outweighing cumsocket by at least 150 lbs,
she could barely stay upright with the violent fucking, her
knees buckled and threatened to collapse each time his hips slapped into her
body, cumsocket grunted in pain with each brutal
thrust.

 This is all youre good for
cunt! The Asian girl screamed as he
pounded her pussy and grabbed her long black hair, tugging her head hard,
arching her head back so you could see the curve of her neck, and the way her
muscles corded as he pulled hard on her scalp.


 FUCK HER, FUCK HER The chant started roaring through the room
again, echoing off the walls, urging the drunk on as he brutally fucked cumsocket. I could
barely hear her pitiful sobbing over the din of the crowd. I felt Carries body against my leg, her
breasts squeezing against my thighs as she pressed her cheek against my aching,
bulging cock, I was tempted to start face fucking her right then and there, but
I figured Id wait till I got home to use her again.

 The drunk started to bellow like a
wild animal and the Asian girl started to scream as he pulled violently on her
hair. 

 The crowd started to clap and roar
as the drunken mans hips started to jerk and convulse spasmodically. Tears streamed down cumsockets
face as the slobbering mans cum exploded in her belly. He bucked his hips forward, slamming into the
sobbing Asian girl, almost lifting her off her feet as he drove his raging cock
into her pussy, shooting every last drop of sperm into her tight, aching, cunt. 

 Cumsockets
legs were shaking violently when the drunken man pulled his hard, slimy dick
from her pussy. Her snatch was twitching
as semen dribbled out of her gapping hole.
The crowd howled in appreciation and cumsockets
whole body seemed to go flush with complete humiliation as she stayed bent
over, holding tightly to the rail. 

 The drunken man staggered back,
staring at the Asian cunt hed just fucked, raising his hands in a sign of
victory for the crowd before grabbing for cumsockets
long mane of hair and twisting her to her knees. Tears streamed down her cheeks as the man
pushed his slimy cock into her face. She
was sobbing, her whole body shaking like a child as his cum streaked prick
rubbed against her face, but she tried kept her lips clamped shut keeping his
dick out of her mouth.

 The Asian girls head jerked as Jim
snapped at the leash. 

 Lick his cock clean slut, then kiss it and thank him for using your useless cunt. Cumsocket whined
pitifully and tentatively stuck out her tongue.
She slowly started lapping at the drunk mans
flaccid, slimy, dick but he wasnt having any of it, he brutally grabbed the
back of the Asian girls head and forced his cock in her throat, making her gag
and choke. Her whole body convulsed and
she tried to push him away with her tiny hands but he easily overpowered her
and left his dick buried in her mouth.
Carrie pressed closed to me, wrapping her arms around my thighs and forcing
her head against my groin trying not to see what was going on. 

 Cumsocket
gasped and took in a huge lungful of breath as the drunken man let go over her
head. Saliva bubbled out of her lips and
down over her chin as she sucked in much needed air. Jim tugged harshly on the leash making her squeal, her eyes darted to Jims instantly. 

 Go on cunt, you know what to
do. The Asian girl whimpered like a
child as she leaned forward and gently kissed the tip of the drunken mans
cock. Tears dripped off her cheeks and
landed on his prick as she sobbed. 

 Thank you for using this sluts
pussy with your beautiful cock Sir, and thank you for depositing your cum in my
useless cunt. Cumsockets
head turned to the floor, the muscles of her back contracted and convulsed as
she whimpered desperately. The drunken
mans sperm seeped out of her raw, aching pussy and dripped down her inner
thighs as she knelt in the middle of the crowd.


 Any time you useless Asian whore,
any time. The drunk pulled up his pants
and zipped up, tapping his hand on her head as his body swayed side to side,
almost making him fall.

 I grabbed by the back of Carries
head and pushed her on all fours.

 Go lick that all that tasty cum out
of her pussy slut. Carrie looked at me
with utter shock, her breasts started to quiver as her body shook
uncontrollably. 

 She dropped to her knees immediately
as I lifted my hand, threatening to backhand her across the face. The crowd started to rumble in excitement as
she scurried toward the Asian girl.
Carries ass was up in the air as she delved between cumsockets
legs with her tongue out. The crowd
started hooting and hollering as Carrie lapped the dripping sperm off cumsockets trembling thighs while her nipples scraped the
floor as she crouched low. 

 Carries head popped up and looked
at me, the Asian girls head was thrown back as she
was crying. 

 Suck the cum
out of her pussy slut. I tugged on her
leash to emphasize what Id said. Carrie
whimpered as she pushed cumsockets legs wider, then
forced her head back between her thighs and started sucking. 

 Jim pulled the Asian girls chain
taut as Carrie worked away at her pussy.


 When I finally tugged Carrie up I could see the thick sperm covering her lips and chin. I dragged her to her feet and grabbed for her
hair, arching her head back so everybody could see the slime covering her face. Instantly a roar went up from the lustful,
drunken patrons and I knew Macks girls would be busy tonight.

 Lick your lips slut,
show everybody how you like that tasty sperm.
Carries tits bounced enticingly as she sobbed, she was crying hard as
she moved her tongue over her lips, swabbing her skin to get every last drop of
cum that had come from cumsockets pussy. Her face was red with complete and utter
humiliation as men from the crowd started to slap her tits with their open
hands. 

 I let go of Carries hair and Jim
yanked cumsocket to her feet. There was a unified groan of disappointment
from the crowd, but they parted before us as Jim and I dragged our new slave
girls out of the bar. The Asian girl was
passive and almost dazed as the men touched and felt her up as we walked between
the throbbing crowd while Carrie screeched in misery
with each hand that touched her. She was
almost hysterical by the time we finally got into the dark, cool night
air. 

&nbsp;

 I couldnt help but moan as Emilys
warm breath buffeted my cock. I moved my
fingers gently through her hair and pressed her lips down around the base of my
prick as I stared blindly at the TV. I
could hear the rain pounding down on the roof as Emily gagged ever so slightly
on my dick. Still she had a lot to
learn, but she was improving, and I loved using my slave.

 I could smell the turkey roasting in
the kitchen and knew Monique was watching the oven timer intently. There wasnt much else she could do, she wasnt allowed to dismount the little attachment Id
made for the counter until it was time to baste the bird again. 

 Id spent the previous couple days
in my wood shop creating the perfect accessory for any slave owners
counter. It was just below waist level
for the girls and it was rounded, made of polished cherry to match my cabinets,
and jutted from the edge of the marble counter.
I suppose Id have to do a little bit of explaining about what it was
when people came for a visit, but it would be a fun explanation at least,
replete with a demonstration Im sure. 

 There was a hole through the arched top
which I could mount a dildo or vibrator in.
I knew right now the long shaft Id attached earlier was impaled in
Moniques pussy. I hadnt given her
permission to cum so Im sure she was starting to get desperate as she rode the
thick pole waiting for the turkey to be done.

 I squeezed my hand on the back of
Emilys scalp as I watched the Asian slut crouched on the deck. Water cascaded off the roof over her naked
body as she knelt under the overhang.
She was huddled into a little ball trying to stay out of the rain, but too
little effect. The heavy stainless steel
collar around her neck was chained to the edge of the wooden patio and locked
in place, her ankles were tethered together with a
short shackle to make sure any movement was difficult. I loved the way she stared inside the sliding
glass door, pleading with her eyes to have me let her in, staring jealously at
Emily kneeling before me. Id left her
outside for much of the previous day in spite of the rain and cool
temperatures. I planned on taking her
into the shop to get some work out of her soon, but I still wasnt sure what I
was ultimately going to do with the girl. When Jim and I had brought her back to the bar
we hadnt even bothered to bring her inside, we just took her out in the yard
and sprayed her down with the hose. Id
never seen such as mess like that when the dried cum ran off her body in
streams into the grass.

 Emily stared up over my belly with
wide eyes. I loved the feel of her
tongue against my cock, I could keep the girl for hours kneeling between my
legs, suckling my prick, she had such a glorious mouth
which I loved to use. I wondered what
she felt, if she could have ever imagined being a slave a few months before, a
slave with her only purpose to fulfill my whims.

 I squeezed my thighs on Emilys head
and forced her mouth down on my dick making her gag as my cock touched the back
of her throat again. Her eyes went wider
and I could see the small tear slowly dripping down her cheek as she choked on
me. 

 You know this is what you were made
for, dont you cunt. I ran my fingers
through Emilys soft hair as I felt her mouth convulse involuntarily on my
prick. 

 Saliva trailed off Emilys lips in a
glistening string as I tugged her head off my cock. Her cheek quivered ever so slightly as I
clutched her hair in my fingers. 

 Get in your cage slut. I let go of Emilys beautiful locks and she
hesitated.

 Go, get in
your cage bitch. I could see that
instant of fear in her eyes as she scurried quickly across the room on her
hands and knees. 

 When Id had the carpenters in
working on the basement theyd also built a special cabinet for me. It looked like a large, beautiful
entertainment center, and to the unsuspecting eye, it was. It must have been at least 7 tall and made
of the most exquisite wood, the quality was incredible. The top doors opened and I had stereo
components inside, but below, inside the bottom doors was a little enclosure, a
little cage for my girls.

 I could hear Emily whimpering as she
opened the heavy wooden doors of the cabinet, just inside were heavy steel bars
with a thick padlock. Emily hopped
inside and pulled the metal bars shut behind her, she glanced over her shoulder
at me as she squeezed inside. I stood
and pulled up my pants as I heard the lock snap shut. I loved the look of my little girl as she peered
through the vertical metal slats of the cage at me. 

 I could hear Monique moaning before
I got to the kitchen, as soon as I saw her I could see the sheen of
perspiration on her naked belly. Her
legs bowed wide as she impaled herself on the large dildo mounted on the
jutting wooden horse at the edge of the counter. 

 Whens dinner going to be ready
slut? I loved the glazed look in her
eyes as she breathed heavily with her mouth open wide, tongue out. 

 Twentwenty
minutes till its cooked Master, then it has to sit for a little while. Moniques nipples were hard and I could see
the shimmering layer of juices that dripped down her inner thighs. 

 Maymaymay I cum Master,
please. I could hear the way her pussy
slurped as she pumped her hips down on the long, thick dildo she rode. Her thighs went rigid as again and again she
fucked the huge pole buried in her cunt.


 Is the table set slut? Monique was panting as over and over she
mounted the fat rubber cock buried in her pussy. 

 Yes Master, plea Monique went silent the instant my
finger went to my lip. She started to
whimper as I moved in behind her and wrapped my hands around her belly. She let out a cry of desperation as I found
her swollen clit and started pinching it between my fingers.

 And the bowls slut? Are they set up too? Monique leaned back, pressing her moist skin
against my chest as she impaled herself on the fake cock stuffed in her
pussy. 

 Please Master. Monique arched her head back, looking up at
me as she rode the dildo. 

 Are the bowls ready slut? I could see the utter humiliation in her eyes
as she tried to plead with me.

 Yes Master. Monique gasped as I pulled my finger away
from her clit and clamped my hands down on her shoulders, forcing her to take
the whole length of the shaft in her pussy.


 You like having your cunt filled,
dont you slut. Moniques whole body
shuddered as I held her down on the dildo.


 Yes Master. I loved the way her face went flush as she
spoke. 

 This slut loves having her pussy
filled Master. Monique groaned as I let
go of her shoulders and ran my hand over her breasts, squeezing her nipples
between my thumb and index finger. 

 Monique whined as I let go of her breasts and
ran my hand over her back. I set a pair
of keys on the counter in front of her and grabbed the back of her head, winding my fingers through her hair I arched her face
back so she was looking me in the eyes.

 I want you to go get the Asian slut
and bring her inside. Dry her and chain
her in the laundry room, you two can eat in there after you serve my
dinner. Moniques mouth was open, her tongue was out as she was panting in need.

 Go get Emily out of her cage and
chain her under the table. Monique
moaned as I let go of her hair. 

 Get going slut, youve got, I
looked at the timer on the oven, youve got 15 minutes so dont be lazy. If youre a good little cunt, maybe Ill let
you cum later. I smacked my palm on her
ass

 I could hear Carrie whimpering as I
moved down into the basement. My dick
was already hard thinking about how Id left her earlier. My footsteps echoed in the large space as I moved
toward her. 

 Id managed to get some work done on
my dungeon, but still there was a long way to go. Id had a thick rubber floor installed, it was interspersed with heavy steel rings to
tether my sluts however I might desire.
Id kept the large dog kennels in place, along with adding some smaller,
more permanent steel enclosures against the wall. The new ceiling was up, it was insulated so
not a sound could be heard from above, and innumerable rings pierced the dark
surface, in perfect position to hang my slaves by their wrists, or in any other
way I wished. I planned on having a
pulley, or winch system, installed so I could lift my girls and hang them from
the ceiling, but I was still waiting on Jim to do the work for me. 

 My boots thudded off the rubber as I
approached Carrie and stood over her, she was bent over, kneeling in an awkward
position on her knees. A thick leather
collar was locked tight around her neck, tugging her head down hard to the
floor so she couldnt even lift up an inch.
Id left her alone in the dark for hours. I could hear her groaning as her mouth was
wrapped around a dildo jutting up from the rubber, her lips were almost
touching the floor as the head of shaft was buried to back of her throat. I loved the way she gagged intermittently as
the saliva bubbled around the thick cock and pooled on the floor. 

 I rubbed my dick as I stood over the
whimpering girl, her arms were spread wide and her cuffs were clipped to the
rings in the floor. Heavy clamps were
pinching down on her nipples with taut elastic cords pulling hard on her
sensitive flesh, making sure she couldnt lift up at all. Her ankles were spread wide and clipped off
to rings in the floor, forcing her ass high in the air.

 I could hear Carrie start to whine
louder as I put my boot down inches from her eyes. I knelt down and flipped away the mass of
stray hairs dangling in front of her eyes so I could see into her tear streaked
face. I loved the way her lips were
spread so wide, swallowing down the huge dildo as she choked on the large
shaft. 

 Carries ass started swaying side to
side as I moved behind her, she let out a desperate cry of pain as she felt the
bite of my open hand smacking down on her ass.
Over and over again I smacked my palm down on her body till her skin
started glowing red. 

 Her legs started to tremble as I ran
my hand over the back of her thighs. I
could hear her breathing hard as I grabbed the vibrator Id brought downstairs
with me and pressed it against her clit.
Carrie started to scream into the dildo filling her mouth as I flipped
the motor on and the high speed buzzing started immediately. I pushed the vibrator against her body,
sliding it between her cunt lips, slipping it into her hole, barely penetrating
her as a tease, then moving it quickly over her clit again. I loved the way her hips started to buck and
her pussy started getting slimy with her juices. Carrie started to moan in spite of her shame
and humiliation. 

 Thats it slut, youre just a
useless cumslut for my pleasures and whims. I knelt between Carries spread legs and
plunged my finger into her cunt, pounding my knuckles against her clit,
twisting it inside her hole, my fingernail scraping against the inner walls of
her pussy making her cry even louder. 

 Thats it whore. I loved the way
she groaned as I forced another finger into her tight hole, banging her cunt
hard. Carrie started driving her body
back, bucking her hips on my fingers like a needy whore. She let out a squeal as I rammed another
finger inside her, I know she could feel the strain as
my three fingers slammed inside of her, spreading her pussy lips wide. 

 Carries hips gyrated as she felt
the void when I pulled my fingers from her cunt and slapped my open hand on her
mound. My palm was instantly soaking
from her wet pussy as again and again I brought my hand up hard, smacking it
violently against her swollen labia. I
could hear her screaming into the dildo stuffing her mouth. 

 I could feel the heat off Carries
pussy as I knelt between her legs and drove two fingers from each hand into her
sopping hole and spread her cuntlips wide. I spit into her gaping pussy as her hips
bucked and swayed while I kept her open wide 

 Bitch, are you ready for my
cock! I pulled my fingers from her
pussy brutally and slapped my open hands down on her ass.

 Are you ready to be mounted
cunt? I grabbed hold of her hips and
slapped my dick down on her flesh, watching as her pussy pulsated and twitched,
her hips moving side to side as I heard her moaning with the still dildo filling
her mouth. 

 Carrie wailed as I grabbed her hair
and tugged hard on her head but she couldnt arch her neck to relieve the
strain, not with the collar around her neck pinning her to the surface of the
floor. 

 Squeeze my dick slut,
honor your Masters cock. Carrie
screamed as my prick plunged into her fuckhole. I buried my fingers into her breasts, adding
to the strain on her nipples as I drove my nails into her tit meat, starting to
fuck her brutally. 

 Thats it bitch, this is what
youre made for, just a receptacle for my cum. I pounded my cock deep into Carries body,
driving her forward with each thrust of my hips, my hands wound through her
hair and pulled hard on her scalp, slamming the shaft in her mouth deeper, the
mushroomed head of the dildo continually slamming into the back of her throat
as I pumped my cock into her cunt. 

 I let out a roar as my balls started
flooding cum into her fuckhole.

 Milk my cock cunt. I loved the feel of Carries tight pussy
clamping down on me as I used her hair as a lever, pulling hard to drive my
dick deeper and deeper into her tight hole as my cum flooded her pussy. 

 Now thats what your
made for bitch. I slapped my hand down
on Carries ass, popping my slimy, erect dick from her cunt.

 Youre going to learn to crave my
cock slut. I picked up the crop that
was lying next to me on the floor. 

 Now its time to hear you scream
bitch. I whipped the leather down on
the soles of her feet till Carrie started to scream. I could see the thick white cum seeping and
bubbling from her cunt as her body jerked from the heavy blows. 

 I beat the soles of her feet till my
arm was sore, loving the sound of her sobbing as I tossed the crop down on the
floor took my dick into my hand. 

 Carrie started to sob in utter
humiliation as the hot stream of my piss splattered on her back, then soaked
her long hair as I unloaded on her quivering, shuddering body, relieving myself
on my new slave. 

 Youre going to learn to be an
obedient bitch. The last few drops of
urine dribbled out of the head of my prick over Carries body.  

 I could still hear Carrie crying
hard as I started upstairs for dinner.
Monique was bent over the turkey, carving it carefully as I walked
through the kitchen. Her body was covered
in a sheen of sweat as she sliced the meat off the
bird. She started to tremble as I moved
in behind her.

 It looks good slut. Is the Asian slut in the laundry room? 

 Yes Master. Moniques hands trembled as she stared
nervously at me.

 And Emily,
is she under the table?

 Yes Master. I ran my hand over Moniques back.

 Get cumsocket
to lick your pussy after dinner slut, youve been a good girl and I give you
permission to cum. A shiver went
through Moniques body as I spoke into her ear.

 I took my hand from Moniques back
and started toward the laundry room. The
Asian slut whimpered as I walked in the room, she was kneeling on all fours as
I loomed over her. There were four bowls
set on the floor, two in front of cumsocket and two
to her left for Monique. 

 I could hear the girl sob as I stood
over her, her hair was still wet and dripped on the floor. I grabbed her by her long black mane and
lifted her face to look at me, the heavy steel chain clanged as I arched her
head back, it ran from the thick stainless steel
collar around her neck to the ring in the floor. 

 After dinner I want you to lick
Moniques pussy and make her cum, do you understand you dirty little
whore? Cumsocket
yelped in pain as I tugged hard on her scalp.


 Im going to put you to work
tomorrow, I think the boys at the shop will like fucking that tight Asian pussy
of yours, if I decide to let them use you.
I let go of cumsockets hair and left her there
kneeling, whimpering, alone in the laundry room. I loved planting the idea of having the boys
at the shop using her in her head, Im sure it would make her think about being
fucked over and over during the night. 

 Monique was waiting at the side of
my chair in the dining room as I sat down.
Emily was kneeling at my feet under the table,
there was a large bowl of sliced turkey, dressing and vegetables in front of
her. Monique had pulled her hair back in
a pony tail so she wouldnt get food in her pretty locks. 

 Do you need anything else
Master? I looked at the table,
everything was set out just as I liked, it all looked
so good, and smelled wonderful. 

 It looks good slut. Monique seemed to glow as I tapped her on the
head appreciatively. 

 Go eat slut, after youre done youre
allowed to cum. I petted Monique on the
head again, then held up the little black remote
control for her to see. But make sure
to put on your shock collar slave, if I need anything Ill call you. I grinned sadistically at her as I fingered
the little black device in my hand.

&nbsp;

To be continued

&nbsp;

Thanks for reading and I hope
youve enjoyed the story. I always
appreciate comments, its always very encouraging, and I especially love
hearing from females who like my work.
Please write me at my new email (since I no longer have access to semiater). Thanks.John
(Semiater aspererus@yahoo.com)

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 

&nbsp;













Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape &amp; Torture

by Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Nineteen


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket stared up at me from the floorboard of the truck, her long black hair fell in front of her eyes as she knelt there.&nbsp; She was dressed in a thin, almost sheer, cotton sun dress with tall heels strapped to her ankles.&nbsp; I&#8217;d loved the way she&#8217;d staggered out of the house on the heels, almost like a new born calf trying to walk for the first time.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reached out and tapped her on the head, knowing it utterly humiliated her to be treated like a pet, an object for my pleasure.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You better be an obedient little cunt at the shop.&nbsp; I tapped her on the head again then started up the truck.&nbsp; She whined the whole way to the garage, her body swaying uncomfortably as we moved down the highway.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket whimpered as I opened the passenger side door and snapped a leash to her collar.&nbsp; Her legs were shaking as she stepped out of the truck.&nbsp; I could see the moistness in her eyes as she looked around the lot, there was only one other car&#8212;Jim&#8217;s&#8212;and I wondered how long he&#8217;d been there.&nbsp; I could hear the sound of him working in the metal shop down the way.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian slut struggled to keep up with me as I dragged her along behind me on the leash, she cried softly as I dragged her from the front of the station through the backrooms to my office. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your knees bitch.&nbsp; I collapsed in my chair and Cumsocket fell to her knees by my side, trying to hide behind the bulk of the desk.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked down at the girl, her body was trembling softly, her nipples were hard and clearly visible through the thin dress.&nbsp; I could feel my dick starting to ache and grow in my pants.&nbsp; I&#8217;d already cum twice already but I couldn&#8217;t help it, the sight of the Asian chick to my side, the way she pouted softly, it just made me want to fuck her.&nbsp; 
I tapped the bulge in my pants and Cumsocket let out a small whimper before she crawled between my thighs.&nbsp; Her hands were shaking as she slowly undid the fly on my pants and eased my throbbing cock out.&nbsp; Her wide, moist eyes stared up at me as she started lapping her tongue on my prick.
I&#8217;d woken up with Emily&#8217;s lips wrapped around my cock, her hands had been bound behind her back and her legs were pulled up and tied to her wrists, hogtieing her.&nbsp; She&#8217;d gotten used to sleeping with my dick in her mouth, suckling me all night long and I loved it.&nbsp; I&#8217;d started fucking her mouth before she&#8217;d even woken up and I loved the look in her eyes when she finally came too, feeling my prick plunging in her mouth, slamming against the back of her throat as I used her hair to move her head over me.&nbsp; Emily was starting to learn, she&#8217;d sucked on my cock like a vacuum as I used her, knowing full well I wanted to cum in her pretty mouth.&nbsp; 
I let out a small moan as Cumsocket eased her lips over my prick and tried to swallow me down.&nbsp; I could feel the involuntary convulsions of her mouth as the head of my cock touched the back of her throat.&nbsp; Her soft, tiny hands were gently cupping my balls, massaging me softly as she wrapped her lips around the base of my dick.&nbsp; Her eyes stared up at me, almost looking for approval as she moved her tongue against my shaft inside her mouth.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;d had Cumsocket sleep in the cage with Monique the night before, there wasn&#8217;t much space inside and I loved the way they&#8217;d had to wrap their limbs around one another to fit and get any sleep at all.&nbsp; After I&#8217;d spewed my load in Emily&#8217;s mouth that morning I&#8217;d pulled Cumsocket and Monique from the cage.&nbsp; I&#8217;d figured I&#8217;d give Emily a treat since she&#8217;d been such a good girl.&nbsp; I knew she hated it, but I had Cumsocket lick Emily&#8217;s pussy till she was writhing in orgasm on the bed.&nbsp; I&#8217;d stood and watched for a while, making sure my new slave was putting in the effort I expected of her, but Monique had started getting desperate and was whimpering by my side rubbing her cheek against my thigh like a kitty.&nbsp; 
I did love watching Monique crawl, she had such a gorgeous body and I loved the way her ass swayed as she moved.&nbsp; Walking behind her I could see how wet her pussy was and I couldn&#8217;t help but smile, she was such a needy slut.
Monique had got in the shower and turned on the water like I&#8217;d trained her, instantly the goose bumps exploded on her skin as the cold water cascaded over her body.&nbsp; She&#8217;d shivered while looking up at me, waiting for the frigid stream to warm while she smiled.
As soon as my slut signaled me the water was warm enough for me to enter I stepped in the shower.&nbsp; Instantly Monique had started bathing me, running the soft sponge over my skin, lathering me with soap as she eased her mouth over my cock and gently gargled water over my prick.&nbsp; 
I loved the way Monique cleaned me; using her hands, her mouth, squeezing her breasts against my skin to make sure every inch of my body was clean.&nbsp; She&#8217;d knelt in front of me, her wide eyes staring up at me as the water cascaded over her forehead while she bathed me.&nbsp; I could see the desperation in her eyes as she let the water run over her skin with her mouth open as she was panting.&nbsp; She&#8217;d nuzzled my cock with her cheek and I knew she&#8217;d desperately wanted to beg me to fuck her.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;d considered taunting her and making her suffer with the lust, but the need of the slut was too much and I grabbed her by the hair, lifting her to her feet and pushing her against the tile.&nbsp; I rammed my cock into her pussy brutally as she put her palms flat against the wall to support herself.&nbsp; 
I couldn&#8217;t help it, Monique was such a desperate slut already and I loved the way her cunt gripped my cock when I entered her.&nbsp; I rutted her hard and fast, slapping her tits and ass as I buried my dick in her pussy like a jackhammer.&nbsp; Monique squeezed me like a vice while I pounded her body with my hips.&nbsp; I heard her moan as I exploded in her snatch, filling her with cum as I tugged hard on her nipples.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My mind was filled with visions of Monique from the morning as I groaned and felt Cumsocket&#8217;s mouth clamping down on me, eagerly sucking every drop of cum from my prick as I planted my hands on the back of her head and pushed her lips around the base of my cock. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s is slut, that&#8217;s what you&#8217;re made for. I jerked my hips up and heard the Asian girl gag on me as I slammed my dick into the back of her throat, the memory of Monique&#8217;s tight, throbbing pussy floated through my head.

------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Pat, I&#8212;&nbsp; Annie walked in the door without knocking, the folders she was carrying crashed to the floor as she saw Cumsocket kneeling naked next to me.&nbsp; The Asian slut was on her haunches, legs spread wide, body covered with a glistening sheen of sweat as she plunged the 12 dildo into her cunt over and over.&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s eyes shot open when she heard the files hit the floor and her moans turned suddenly into whimpers of humiliation as she plunged the large shaft in her pussy again like a robot.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8212;I&#8212;I&#8217;m sorr&#8212; Annie was completely flustered, her face was beat red as she scurried to the floor trying to pick up the files spread out on the tile.&nbsp; Her eyes never left Cumsocket and the massive dildo that was buried in her snatch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Annie, have you ever heard of mail order brides?&nbsp; Annie looked at me for an instant, her mouth opened as if to respond but no words came out.&nbsp; Well, Cumsocket here is a mail order slave.&nbsp; I chuckled in laughter as I smacked the Asian girl on the ass, her body was trembling with complete and utter shame as she held the dildo with two hands, sinking it in her stretched pussy once again.&nbsp; 
Annie tried to pick up the papers spread out on the floor, but her hands were shaking too violently. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Actually, this slut is here to help you around the office.&nbsp; I bought her recently and she&#8217;s going to be doing some of the accounting and bookkeeping work, among other duties.&nbsp; I smiled sadistically down at the Asian girl.&nbsp; She&#8217;s a smart little whore, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Cumsocket stared up at me, there was shame in her eyes.&nbsp; I could see the way she was panting, the sweat covering her body after she&#8217;d been fucking herself with the long shaft for the last half hour.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go help her you stupid cunt.&nbsp; I slapped the Asian girl across the face.&nbsp; She started to pull the dildo from her pussy as she fell to her knees to crawl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;NO slut, leave it in.&nbsp; Cumsocket started to whimper as she slowly shuffled across the floor with difficultly to the strewn papers.&nbsp; Tears were streaking down her cheeks as she started picking up the files and handing them to Annie.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;d always had the feeling Annie was a girl in need of a Master, there were hints to her submissiveness but I&#8217;d never acted upon them.&nbsp; She was a cute girl, maybe 5&#8217;6 with a long, thin body.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t have much in the way of breasts, but I found her to be attractive.&nbsp; I paid her well and she did a good job for me.&nbsp; She had beautiful long strawberry blonde hair that accentuated the soft freckles that covered her face and arms.&nbsp; Annie was desperate for approval and always went out of her way to do the job right, she always seemed on the verge of tears when I had to rebuke her for something.&nbsp; Sometimes I did it just for fun, to see the subtle blush in her cheeks, or the way her eyes would get moist when I criticized her for something.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I loved the way the huge shaft jutted from the Asian girl&#8217;s pussy, her cunt lips were spread wide and I could see the thick dildo wet with her juices as she picked up the papers from the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So do you like you&#8217;re new helper Annie.&nbsp; I stood up, Annie looked up at me confused and a little scared I thought, not sure what to say as she gathered the last file from the floor. Her eyes remained fixed on the Asian girl, her mouth was open slightly and I know she wanted to say something but she remained silent with shock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reached out and grabbed Cumsocket by the hair and pulled her to her feet.&nbsp; She let out a screech of pain as I tugged on her scalp, but I think her cries were more due to the complete and utter humiliation she felt as I twisted her head so she was looking at me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hands behind your head slut.&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s legs were shaking violently and I thought she might collapse.&nbsp; She brought her hands instantly to the back of her neck, forcing her to thrust her breasts out enticingly toward Annie.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How do you like her Annie, she&#8217;s got a nice body, doesn&#8217;t she?&nbsp; I pulled hard on the Asian girl&#8217;s hair and arched her head toward the ceiling.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bought her last weekend, she&#8217;s going to help out around here, okay.&nbsp; Annie couldn&#8217;t look at me, her eyes were lowered toward the floor but I knew she was looking at Cumsocket, the way her body glistened with sweat, her hard nipples twitching, and the wet, soaking shaft that jutted from her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry, she&#8217;s a smart girl, used to be an engineer but now she&#8217;s decided to be a full time slut, didn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I tugged on the Asian girl&#8217;s hair making her squeal.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Didn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I could see the tear dribble down her cheek as she looked desperately at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, I&#8217;m&#8212;I&#8217;m&#8212;, the Asian girl struggled to get out the words, her eyes were closed and she sobbed when she finally stuttered out the remainder of the sentence, &#8212;just a cum receptacle for cock.&nbsp; I let go of her hair and looked at Annie, her face was pale.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry Annie, she&#8217;s also learning how to lick pussy too.&nbsp; Actually, why don&#8217;t you have a seat at my desk and see how she does, she needs the practice, I&#8217;ll watch the counter for a while.&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s face contorted, I knew she wanted to break out in sobs, but I think she was in shock and couldn&#8217;t.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your knees slut!&nbsp; I back-handed the Asian girl across the face and she fell to the floor with a thud.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go on Annie, take a seat, she&#8217;s not perfect yet, but she will be Asian&#8217;s are high achievers, and I&#8217;m sure she&#8217;ll try hard to make you orgasm.&nbsp; I felt my heart pounding, I&#8217;d never thought about talking to Annie like I was now, but I knew it was right, I could sense it in her, perhaps I&#8217;d known all along, now I just felt the confidence as I stared down at Cumsocket kneeling at my feet.&nbsp; 
Won&#8217;t you make her orgasm slut?&nbsp; I could see the Asian girl&#8217;s lip quiver as a tear dripped off her chin.&nbsp; 
Her name was Joyce, but now we just call her Cumsocket.&nbsp; Jim and I got her last weekend, she&#8217;ll help around the shop with the books, and then, well, I want you to use her any way you want, okay?&nbsp; She&#8217;s going to help out with the boys too.&nbsp; I winked at Annie, the blood was starting to ease back into her face and I could see her nipples were now hard under the tight fitting fabric of her top.&nbsp; 
Take your time, tell her what you want, and need, and I&#8217;m sure she&#8217;ll oblige.&nbsp; I stared down at Cumsocket.&nbsp; Won&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I loved seeing the tears that streaked down her cheeks as she looked up at me with wide humiliated eyes.&nbsp; 
Leave her under the desk when you&#8217;re done, and take your time.&nbsp; I grabbed the files from Annie&#8217;s hands and walked toward the front of the station, I closed the door behind me and grinned to myself.&nbsp; 

It must have been a good hour before Annie finally relieved me.&nbsp; She walked slowly, gingerly, as she moved toward me.&nbsp; There was a contented smile on her face and her hair was tussled.&nbsp; Annie was meticulous about her appearance and generally perfectly coifed, but as she sat at the front desk with me she looked completely disheveled and she didn&#8217;t seem to care.
Did you have a good time?&nbsp; I smiled at Annie, there was a twinkle in her eye as she nervously looked up at me.&nbsp; 
God yes, I&#8217;ve&#8212;, she paused and her face went flush with embarrassed, I&#8217;ve never done that before, I&#8212;,&nbsp; Annie went silent for an instant as she rubbed her hands together, I&#8217;ve never been with a woman&#8212;, she couldn&#8217;t look up at me, but that was incredible, and&#8212;do you really own her?&nbsp; Annie&#8217;s face went bright red, redder than anything I&#8217;ve ever seen.&nbsp; 
Yep.&nbsp; Annie&#8217;s body shuddered.&nbsp; 
I&#8212;, Annie&#8217;s whole body was shaking, her hands were trembling as she shot a glance up at me, God I want&#8212;.&nbsp; Annie looked like a deer caught in headlights as the front door opened and somebody walked in. 
Go freshen up, I&#8217;ll cover this till your back.&nbsp; I grinned as I turned away from Annie, I knew I&#8217;d been right about her.

I didn&#8217;t go straight back to the office, I knew Cumsocket would be kneeling under the desk waiting for me and wouldn&#8217;t move.&nbsp; Instead I walked out into the metal shop to see what Jim was working on.&nbsp; 
Hey buddy, how&#8217;s it going?&nbsp; Jim was bent over the work bench shaping the polished stainless steel bands he&#8217;d been working on.&nbsp; 
Whatcha working on bud?&nbsp; Jim held up the steel band in his hand, a huge grin grew on his face.
We wouldn&#8217;t want our little slave girl&#8217;s to play with themselves without permission, now would we.&nbsp; The steel work was masterful on the chastity belt, every edge was buffed smooth and a layer of neoprene covered the inside of the shell so the metal wouldn&#8217;t harm the girls sensitive flesh while still keep them from touching themselves.&nbsp; 
This one is for Monique, but I&#8217;ll make ones for all the girls.&nbsp; Jim snapped a little brass lock on the part of the metal that made up the belt so I could see.&nbsp; I could tell that once put on, there would be no way for the wearer to take it off without a key.
That&#8217;s awesome buddy.&nbsp; I took hold of the metal frame, the belt was light, but I could tell it was strong and my dick started to throb just thinking about seeing Monique suffering, not being able to touch herself.
This is great buddy, I can&#8217;t wait till you get them all done.&nbsp; Jim took the steel frame from my hand and started working the flexible joints making sure they moved easily.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Drop by the office later bud, you can check out how our little Asian cunt is doing.&nbsp; I left Jim alone, he was banging on the metal again before I even got out the door.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim knocked at my door a couple hours later, his face broke into an instant smile as he saw Cumsocket kneeling by my side.&nbsp; Heavy weighted nipple clamps were pinching down on her breasts, bouncing painfully as she squatted next to me humping the huge suction cup dildo stuck on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim sat in the chair in front of my desk and leaned back with his hands behind his head.&nbsp; I could tell he was tired, his hands were almost black with dirt and grime from working hard on the chastity belts.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How is that Asian cunt working out?&nbsp; Jim talked as if Cumsocket wasn&#8217;t even there.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good, good, Annie was pleased I think, but she hasn&#8217;t done any real work for us yet.&nbsp; I smiled and tapped her on the head like a disobedient puppy, we&#8217;ll see if she&#8217;s actually worth anything.&nbsp; Her face was contorted with effort and humiliation as she impaled herself on the long shaft rising from the floor again and again.&nbsp; Her nipples were stretched and strained downwards by the heavy weights dangling from her breasts and danced each time she bounced off the dildo.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You know what you need here in the office Pat, you need a doggy door.&nbsp; Jim pointed toward the wall by the window which looked over the back of the shop compound.&nbsp; There is that pen where you used to keep your dogs against the wall, we could put in a doggy door and then you could keep her out there, just like the bitch she is.&nbsp; Jim sat up in his seat, I could tell he was thinking intently about how he could put the door in. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, it&#8217;d work, I could do it in no time, and I think the boys would like having a little pet to play with at lunch time.&nbsp; I snapped the tip of my finger against one of the dancing weights making Cumsocket yelp in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you go see if Jim needs his cock sucked slut, you need to do some work around here to earn your keep.&nbsp; I could see the moistness in the Asian girl&#8217;s eyes as she stared up at me.&nbsp; She groaned as she lifted herself up off the thick shaft, it slid from her pussy with an audible slurping pop.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket moved gingerly as she got on all fours and crawled between Jim&#8217;s open legs.&nbsp; I could hear the clang of the nipple clamps swinging as she moved.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, can this useless whore suck your cock and have the pleasure of your cum?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah cunt.&nbsp; Jim reached out and tapped Cumsocket on the head, That&#8217;s all your good for slut, at least so far.&nbsp; I could hear the Asian girl sob softly as Jim slid his hips forward in the chair and put his hands back behind his head.&nbsp; 
Cumsocket&#8217;s tiny delicate hands were shaking as she leaned forward and started undoing the fly on Jim&#8217;s overalls.&nbsp; I knew she must have been disgusted, even just seeing the back of her head and the way her long black hair fell as she knelt over Jim&#8217;s groin I knew it, after all, she was a highly educated engineer, and here she was, no better than a common whore sucking a working man&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear Cumsocket slurping on Jim&#8217;s prick as she bobbed her head up and down on his shaft. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It shouldn&#8217;t be a problem putting the door in, then we could keep the Asian cunt out there in her pen, she&#8217;s no better than a dog anyway.&nbsp; Hell, I&#8217;m sure a good hunting dog would be worth more than she is.&nbsp; Jim groaned and grabbed Cumsocket by her hair, he lifted her head off his prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slow down whore, it&#8217;s not a race, you&#8217;re here to please my cock, not win a competition.&nbsp; I could hear Cumsocket gag as Jim pushed her mouth down around his dick again, forcing the head of his prick against the back of her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Stupid cunt, doesn&#8217;t know how to do anything right.&nbsp; Jim left his hand on the top of Cumsocket&#8217;s head as she worked her throat over his prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I should be done with the chastity belt in the morning, then we&#8217;ll see how it fits.&nbsp; Wouldn&#8217;t want these sluts&#8217; to cum without permission.&nbsp; Jim looked down at Cumsocket.&nbsp; Open those eyes bitch, keep them focused on me at all times you Asian cow.&nbsp; I could hear her whimper as Jim pushed her head hard down on his prick again making her choke.&nbsp; 
Play with my balls you fucking slut.&nbsp; Do I have to tell you everything.&nbsp; Damn you are a stupid girl, engineer my ass.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t even know how to suck cock and that&#8217;s part of your genetics, fuck if I think you&#8217;re a goddamn engineer.&nbsp; I could see Cumsocket&#8217;s hands shaking as she worked them between Jim&#8217;s thighs and started playing gently with his balls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Engineer my ass, can&#8217;t even be a simple whore where all she has to do is keep her legs open and suck a cock.&nbsp; I could hear Cumsocket&#8217;s lips moving over Jim&#8217;s dick as I watched the back of her head bob up and down, it was obvious she was crying.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I talked business for another good 20 minutes before he finally shot his load in Cumsocket&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Even after he came Jim held her mouth down on his prick for another 10 or 15 minutes with her lips locked around the base of his cock suckling him.&nbsp; 
I was starting to get jealous and my dick was aching.&nbsp; The sound of the Asian girl sucking on Jim&#8217;s prick had started to get to me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim tugged on Cumsocket&#8217;s scalp and pulled her mouth off his shaft.&nbsp; He backhanded her across the face making her head jerk with the blow.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wouldn&#8217;t give $10 for that blow job cunt.&nbsp; Jim stared down as Cumsocket, then looked up at me.&nbsp; I think we should take the Asian slut back to Mac&#8217;s, he could probably make some money off her, maybe he could sell her to some Mexican whorehouse where she just had to lie on her back all day and get fucked, maybe she&#8217;s smart enough to do that.&nbsp; Jim pinched Cumsocket&#8217;s cheeks between his fingers.&nbsp; Hell, maybe she&#8217;d make a good sideshow whore fucking dogs or horses, that pussy has to be good for something.&nbsp; Cumsocket had her hands up behind her head kneeling between Jim&#8217;s thighs while he held her face, her body was trembling and I could hear her softly sobbing.&nbsp; Think you could manage that slut?&nbsp; I could see the way Cumsocket&#8217;s back shuddered and hear her whimpering louder and louder.&nbsp; 
Get out here slut, maybe Pat has some use for you.&nbsp; The Asian girl scurried away quickly as Jim let go of her face.&nbsp; The Asian girl crawled around the desk and laid her head on my thigh, her eyes were wide and she stared up at me in desperation.&nbsp; 
I grabbed her by the back of her hair, arching her head back.&nbsp; 
How did that cum taste slut?&nbsp; I could see a tremor in her cheek as she stared up at me nervously.
Good Master, it, I&#8217;m just a worthless cum slut, I&#8217;m meant to suck cock.&nbsp; She barely got out the words with her voice cracking and barely audible.
Didn&#8217;t you forget to tell Jim that slut?&nbsp; A single tear dribbled down her cheek.&nbsp; 
Yes Master.&nbsp; Her lip quivered.
Don&#8217;t tell me bitch, you know what to do.&nbsp; More tears started down Cumsocket&#8217;s cheeks as I let go of her hair.&nbsp; She fell to her hands and knees and crawled around the desk again, I smiled as she moved between Jim&#8217;s thighs and started kissing the bulge in his overalls, she looked up over his belly and stared in his eyes.
Thank you Master for allowing this useless whore to suck your cock and have the pleasure of your cum.&nbsp; This useless cunt is sorry for not thanking you properly before, please forgive me and allow me to suck your cock in the future.&nbsp; The Asian girl leaned down and kissed the bulge in Jim&#8217;s pants again.&nbsp; 
Get away from me bitch.&nbsp; Jim pushed Cumsocket from between his thighs and she shuffled towards me again on all fours.&nbsp; The weighted clamps on her nipples clanged as she looked up at me.&nbsp; I pointed to the dildo still mounted on the floor and her head fell dejectedly.&nbsp; 
You have two minutes to get yourself wet cunt, and you can suck it if you want, I know how much you like a cock in your mouth.&nbsp; The Asian girl quickly wrapped her lips around the shaft jutting from the floor.&nbsp; Almost instantly she had her hand between her legs rubbing her pussy trying to get wet.
I kept watch of the girl out of the corner of my eye as Jim and I started talking again.
Want a beer buddy?&nbsp; Jim was rubbing his cock through his pants leaning back in his chair contemplatively.&nbsp; 
Yeah, sounds good.&nbsp; I picked up the phone and called Annie in the front office.
We need some beers back here baby.&nbsp; I hung up the phone and smiled at Jim, I couldn&#8217;t wait to see the look on Annie&#8217;s face when she saw Cumsocket on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do you think we should do with the Asian cunt?&nbsp; Jim leaned his head to the side so he could see Cumsocket frigging herself on the floor as he spoke.&nbsp; I just don&#8217;t know if she&#8217;s going to work out, she&#8217;s nothing like Tara.&nbsp; I think we should sell her back to Mack, or take her down to Mexico ourselves, I&#8217;m sure those boys could put a piece of Asian ass to work, hell, $10 a fuck, 12 hours a day, that&#8217;s a good earning whore down there, hell, they&#8217;d probably work her 18 hours a day down there, they don&#8217;t have all the damn lawyers we do up here.&nbsp; They know how to treat a slut.&nbsp; Jim chuckled in laughter as Annie knocked softly on the door and entered, her face went instantly red when she saw Cumsocket on the floor with her fingers banging into her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got your beers guys.&nbsp; Annie kept her head down as she handed Jim and I each a beer.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do you think about the Asian cunt?&nbsp; Jim grabbed Annie by the hip and pulled her toward him as he popped the top on the bottle.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8212;I&#8212;&nbsp; I could hear Cumsocket whimpering as she rubbed her clit and fingered her pussy while she sucked the long dildo in her mouth.&nbsp; I snapped my fingers and nodded at her.&nbsp; Annie looked over at me as the Asian girl lifted her mouth off the shaft with a slurping sound and stopped playing with herself.&nbsp; She got on her haunches and squatted over the dildo rising from the floor.&nbsp; I heard her yelp as she spread her pussy lips and let the mushroomed head of the shaft slip into her sex.&nbsp; I watched Annie&#8217;s face as the Asian girl let the long dildo slide into her pussy till only a few inches jutted from her snatch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim tugged Annie toward him again.&nbsp; So, what do you think about the slut, think we should keep her around, think she&#8217;ll help out at all?&nbsp; Annie broke free from Jim&#8217;s hold and backed slowly toward the door as Cumsocket started bouncing up and down on the dildo impaled in her cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We&#8217;re thinking about selling her to a whorehouse in Mexico, want to go for a drive with us?&nbsp; Jim winked at me.&nbsp; Annie&#8217;s eyes never left Cumsocket&#8217;s body as she bucked her hips up and down on the long pole buried in her pussy.&nbsp; Maybe you&#8217;d like it down there too.&nbsp; Jim chuckled as the Asian girl continued to bury the dildo in her pussy over and over again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Annie bumped into the door as she backed away further, her eyes were locked on the confluence of the Asian girl&#8217;s legs watching the long thick shaft disappear into her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go watch the front Annie, I&#8217;ll talk to you later.&nbsp; Annie spun quickly as I released her from Jim&#8217;s torments.&nbsp; I could only grin at my friend as he smirked like the cat that swallowed the canary.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll get working on the doggy door in the morning.&nbsp; When are you going to introduce the Asian slut to the boys in the shop?&nbsp; Jim got to his feet and walked toward where Cumsocket bounced up and down on the thick dildo.&nbsp; Her face was red with effort and a thin sheen of perspiration shone on her belly as she bucked her hips on the shaft buried in her cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re going to have to do a lot to impress me bitch, I really think we should sell you down in Mexico, or maybe we should just find a migrant worker camp?&nbsp; Jim thrust two of his dirty fingers in Cumsocket&#8217;s mouth, I could hear the girl gag as he pressed down on her tongue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve got a lot of work to do cunt.&nbsp; Jim pulled his fingers from her mouth and wiped the saliva off in her hair.&nbsp; Jim turned toward me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll talk to you later bud, I&#8217;m going to go finish up in the shop and then head home for some rest.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll talk to you in the morning.&nbsp; Jim tapped Cumsocket on the head and left.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I dragged Cumsocket naked into the house by her leash, as soon as we got inside I pointed to the floor and she fell to her hands and knees instantly.&nbsp; I loved the sight of the dildo jutting from her pussy as she crawled in front of me, it must have been uncomfortable for her, kneeling on the floorboards of the truck as I drove her home after we left the shop, the thick shaft stuffed in her cunt filling her completely.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walked my Asian slave back into my bedroom, Monique&#8217;s head popped up as she got onto her haunches and stared at us as from her cage.&nbsp; Her mouth was slightly ajar and her lips were moist as she moaned softly in need.&nbsp; 
Emily was curled in a ball inside her cage looking like a content little kitty as I pulled the Asian girl behind me.&nbsp; I&#8217;d decided that Monique needed to be punished for her neediness and I wasn&#8217;t going to let her out of the cage for the night.&nbsp; Emily mewed softly as I dragged Cumsocket towards her cage, her eyes were fixed on me as I opened the door and grabbed for the ring on her collar.&nbsp; 
I bet you&#8217;ve missed me slut, haven&#8217;t you.&nbsp; Emily purred softly as I pulled her out of the cage, her nipples were hard and I could see the way her pussy twitched as I dragged her out of the metal frame and pushed the Asian girl inside.&nbsp; Emily rubbed her cheek against the bulge in my pants, rubbing her hair against my dick as I snapped the cage door shut behind Cumsocket.
Good girl.&nbsp; I petted the top of Emily&#8217;s soft head and ran my fingers through her hair.&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Please write me at my email aspererus@yahoo.com since my semiater account got hacked and I no longer have access.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater aspererus@yahoo.com)
 









Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape &amp; Torture
by Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)
Chapter Twenty

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard Emily moan as I shifted my weight and my dick slipped from her pussy.&nbsp; I loved the feel of sleeping on my slut with my prick buried in her sweet little snatch, that way I could start fucking her whenever I wanted to.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I stared down lustfully into Emily&#8217;s eyes as they slowly fluttered open.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s time to get up cunt.&nbsp; I lifted myself up off the girl and worked my way over her torso, straddling her till my dick was bobbing just in front of her eyes, my balls dangling just above her lips.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t try and move from under me, she knew better and she didn&#8217;t wait for my command to start licking me gently.&nbsp; Her eyes stared at me intently as her tongue lapped the length of my shaft, first starting at my balls, sucking my testicles into her soft lips as she used her moist tongue on me, then slowly moving over the underside of my pulsing shaft.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily&#8217;s eyes jerked shut for an instant as I slapped my cock down on her forehead, I loved the feel of my dick smacking down on the girls face.&nbsp; Emily was always a little bit shocked when I did it, but Monique seemed to be in heaven, she would almost coo in delight when I whacked her face with my cock.&nbsp; I swear sometimes I thought she&#8217;d orgasm just from feeling my dick slapping down on her skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I ground my ass down onto Emily&#8217;s lips, forcing her tongue against my balls as I groaned in pleasure.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; I grabbed the back of her head, winding my fingers through her soft hair I pulled her head up as she pushed her tongue between the crack of my ass.&nbsp; My dick was starting to ache and I knew I needed to fuck my slave girl soon but I loved the feel of her warm breath on my skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your belly cunt, bitch in heat position.&nbsp; Emily ran her tongue over the insides of my thighs as her eyes stared up at me, my dick bobbing inches from her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let Emily roll over onto her belly as I moved to kneel behind her.&nbsp; I could hear Monique and Cumsocket shifting in their cages across the room.&nbsp; I knew Monique must be jealous that I wasn&#8217;t fucking her, she always was she was such a needy slave.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily spread her knees wide, pushing her ass in the air and putting her palms and cheek flat against the mattress.&nbsp; I slapped my dick down on her ass as I grabbed for her hips, I loved the way her pussy twitched and glistened with need.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slave, you&#8217;re just a needy little slut too, aren&#8217;t you.&nbsp; Emily groaned, in part from a need she couldn&#8217;t deny, and in part from shame, that she was wet and she knew I was right, she was my needy little cumslut.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I slammed my hips forward, burying my cock into Emily&#8217;s tight, throbbing pussy in one brutal motion.&nbsp; I loved the feel of my balls smacking against her ass as I started to rut her hard and fast.&nbsp; The sound of her grunting with the force of my fucking was music to my ears, there was part of me that wanted to hurt her with my cock, to use her hard, to make her know she was my slave, an object to please me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Milk me cunt!&nbsp; I brought my hand down hard on her ass as my dick pumped into her pussy faster and faster.&nbsp; I loved the way she yelped each time I drove into her snatch.&nbsp; I reached under her jerking body and grabbed for her nipples, they were hard and erect and she squealed loud as I twisted them viciously.&nbsp; That&#8217;s it slut, you know you like it!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear the bed creaking as I impaled my cock in her tight little sheath over and over again.&nbsp; I could feel my chest pounding as I tugged hard on her nipples, I knew I was about to cum as Emily&#8217;s pussy squeezed down on me like a vise.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, make me cum!&nbsp; I heard Emily moan as I pulled hard on her tits, burying my fingers in her breasts and mauling her flesh with my nails.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed for Emily&#8217;s long hair and yanked on her scalp as I felt my dick start to pulse deep in her belly.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but bellow as I shot my load in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it bitch!&nbsp; AHHHHHHH!!!!&nbsp; I loved the way her vaginal muscles clamped down on my dick, gripping my cock as she shrieked with the strain in her neck.&nbsp; I felt lightheaded as I felt my prick jerk repeatedly in her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I collapsed on top of the girl with my dick still buried in her pussy, Emily&#8217;s mouth was open and she was panting, her body was twitching beneath me, her moist skin was pressed against mine.&nbsp; I grabbed her hair again and twisted her head so she was looking at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt!&nbsp; I clamped my mouth down on hers and buried my tongue in her mouth and kissed her harshly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slowly I came down off my high.&nbsp; I loved the feel of the girl under me and the way she was still breathing hard.&nbsp; I wound my fingers through her hair and eased off the girl, pulling her mouth toward my groin as I lay back on the bed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean me slut.&nbsp; I kept hold of Emily&#8217;s hair as she took my cock in her mouth, she started using her tongue on my shaft like a pro.&nbsp; I closed my eyes and moaned as she used her tongue expertly on me, lapping the sperm and her juices from my prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After the girl was through I worked my way off the bed leaving my slave kneeling on the mattress waiting for my next command.&nbsp; I went into the closet and grabbed a single arm leather sleeve and ball gag from my cabinet of toys.&nbsp; I could feel all the girls&#8217; eyes on me; Emily, Monique and Cumsocket, though I didn&#8217;t pay any attention to them.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I picked up Emily&#8217;s leash from the nightstand and snapped it to the thick ring on her collar.&nbsp; I could hear her whine softly as I pushed the ball gag toward her lips, she didn&#8217;t hesitate as I forced it between her teeth, but I knew she didn&#8217;t like it either.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your feet slave.&nbsp; Emily gracefully got off the bed and stood before me, head down with her hands up behind her neck like she&#8217;d been taught.&nbsp; I took hold of her wrists and brought them to the small of her back and started working the leather sleeve over her hands and arms.&nbsp; I loved using the leather sleeve on the girls, I thought it was so sexy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily whimpered as the sleeve encased her arms and I sealed it place with a thick leather strap.&nbsp; I took a step back and looked at my girl.&nbsp; Her legs were spread wide and I could see my cum dripping from her snatch.&nbsp; Her breasts were marked with red spots from where my fingers had dug into her flesh.&nbsp; I loved the way she looked with the ball gag stuffed in her mouth, the way her jaw was extended and the way her gleaming white teeth contrasted with the deep red rubber ball jammed between them.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I smacked my palm against Emily&#8217;s tits over and over, loving the feel of her soft flesh under my blows, I could feel my dick getting harder and harder each time I slapped her breasts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I took hold of the leather leash that dangled from her collar and pulled hard on her neck.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come on slut!&nbsp; I dragged Emily forward, I grabbed a long suction cup dildo from the cabinet before I pulled her down the hall toward the kitchen.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I turned back and watched my little slut staggering behind me, I loved the look of a girl on a leash, even more when they were crawling on the floor, heeling like a dog, but I didn&#8217;t feel like making Emily get on all fours right now.&nbsp; I could hear her breathing hard through her nostrils as I pulled hard on the leather making her move quickly.&nbsp; I loved the way her breasts swayed gently as she walked, her nipples were hard and I was so tempted to tug on them, to see her face contort with pain as I twisted them brutally.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily shuffled behind me, as we got into the kitchen I turned and smiled at her as I slammed the suction cup dildo down on one of the chairs so it jutted obscenely from the seat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mount it cunt, I want you to ride it like it were my cock, but you&#8217;re not allowed to cum, understand?&nbsp; I smacked Emily across the cheek with my palm.&nbsp; I loved the way her eyes got moist as she stared at the large black dildo rising off the chair.&nbsp; I know she wanted to cum and I also knew it embarrassed her when I made her perform for me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pointed at the seat again as Emily hesitated.&nbsp; It took her a second, but then she waddled forward and swung her leg over the seat of the chair.&nbsp; She gingerly lowered her body till she felt the tip of the rubber shaft against her dripping pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Need some help slut?&nbsp; I laughed as I reached between her legs, spreading her pussy lips wide as I fingered her cunt.&nbsp; I heard her moan and smiled to myself.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Impale yourself bitch!&nbsp; I held her pussy open as Emily eased her way down on the shaft.&nbsp; I loved watching as inch after inch of the thick, long dildo disappeared in her tight little hole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could feel Emily&#8217;s nipples rubbing against my shoulder as she worked her way down on the fake cock, she whimpered in shame as her ass cheeks touched the chair and the whole of the dildo was impaled in her cunt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let go of Emily&#8217;s pussy lips and stood back, her face was flush and I could see the complete and utter humiliation she felt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, ride it slut, you know what to do.&nbsp; I wiped my fingers clean on Emily&#8217;s face, loving the feel of her hot skin under my touch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slowly Emily started riding the dildo stuffed in her pussy, easing her body up off the long thick shaft slowly.&nbsp; I could see the strain in her thighs as she rose up off the staff, stopping just before the mushroomed head slipped from her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reached out and ran my hand through Emily&#8217;s hair, I could hear her sobbing softly as she lowered her body back down onto the dildo, till it was again completely impaled in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, keep it up.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going to go make something to eat.&nbsp; I winked down at the girl as she again started lifting up off the thick shaft.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time I came back and set the food down on the table Emily&#8217;s body was covered with a sheen of sweat, her belly shimmered as it rose and fell.&nbsp; I could see the wet pool under her hips on the chair as she bucked up and down on the shaft.&nbsp; The dildo glistened as it eased in and out of her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to cum cunt?&nbsp; Emily moaned as I took hold of her nipples and twisted them hard.&nbsp; I could see the desperate need in her eyes as she stared up at me, her body still moving up and down on the fake cock.&nbsp; There was a line of drool running over her chin and dripping on her breasts.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want you to cum slut, cum now!!!&nbsp; That was all she needed, Emily&#8217;s eyes closed and she slammed her hips down on the thick prick jutting from the seat of the chair.&nbsp; Her screams of pleasure were muffled as she bit down into the ball gag stuffed between her teeth.&nbsp; Her body convulsed in orgasm and her face went bright red with shame as she bucked her body down on the dildo over and over again, her muscles were rippling with effort.&nbsp; I slapped Emily&#8217;s bobbing tits with my open hand, loving the feel of the soft flesh under my skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, cum, cum, that&#8217;s what you&#8217;re made for, cum for me slut!!!&nbsp; I could hear Emily sobbing louder and louder as I mocked her but she couldn&#8217;t stop jerking her hips up off the shaft buried in her pussy.&nbsp; I could see the tears streaking down her cheeks as every muscle in her body seemed to tremble and quiver like she was being shocked with an electric cord.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I ran my hand over Emily&#8217;s forehead as she slowly came to rest with the thick shaft impaled in her belly.&nbsp; She kept her eyes lowered and tried not to look at me as I petted her scalp.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s time to eat slut.&nbsp; I undid the buckle from behind her head and pulled the ball gag from between her teeth, thick lines of saliva ran from her lips to the ball.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master for letting me cum.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s voice was quiet as she almost whispered out the words.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed one of the plates of food from the table and set it on the floor at the foot of my chair.&nbsp; I helped her off the large shaft, it slipped from her snatch with a slurping pop before she fell to her knees on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eat up slave.&nbsp; I sat down in my chair and started digging into my food, I put my foot up on her back like it was a stool as she knelt on all fours under the table trying to eat her meal.&nbsp; 

-----

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tapped Cumsocket on the top of the head as I pulled the truck to a stop at the shop.&nbsp; She knelt on the floorboard of the truck, the black collar around her neck was cinched tight against her skin and the little brass lock clanged against the steel rings set in the leather as she swayed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s time you did some work slut, I want you to present yourself to Annie and see what she needs you to do.&nbsp; I grabbed the D-ring on the front of the Asian girl&#8217;s collar and arched her head up so she was looking me in the eyes.&nbsp; You&#8217;d better do everything she says, understand!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was nobody in the shop as I pulled Cumsocket behind me on the leash, it was still early and no customers would be around for a while.&nbsp; The Asian slut was dressed in a thin, almost sheer cotton sun dress.&nbsp; She wore no panties or bra, and if she bent over at the waist the hem of her skirt would ride up and show her naked ass.&nbsp; The girl stumbled on the massive high heels I&#8217;d strapped around ankles that morning, she looked like an awkward calf taking her first steps and it was made all the worse for her with the thick butt plug stuffed in her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see the smile come to Annie&#8217;s face as I pulled Cumsocket into the office.&nbsp; I knew she enjoyed the way the Asian slut licked her pussy before, I think more than she might have wanted to admit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Present yourself cunt.&nbsp; I smacked Cumsocket on the ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m here to-&nbsp; I slapped the girl hard across the face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;NO CUNT, you know what to say.&nbsp; The Asian girl started crying, her dark eyes glistened and her voice cracked as she started to speak.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This dirty slut is here to do whatever you need, please use me.&nbsp; She started sobbing desperately as I grabbed her by the back of the hair and pushed her to her knees.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crawl to her slut.&nbsp; I smacked her on the ass and pushed her behind the counter.&nbsp; The thick plug jutting from her ass swayed like a tail as she shuffled along the floor.&nbsp; I could hear her blubbering as she came to a stop before where Annie sat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lick my boots slut.&nbsp; I&#8217;d never heard Annie speak with more confidence or authority, there was a dominance in her voice that she&#8217;d never displayed before.&nbsp; I loved the way Cumsocket reacted in fear, but at the same time I liked my women submissive and I contemplated the idea of taking Annie over my knee later, just so she knew not to think she was too dominant and that she knew her proper position.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tears dripped off the Asian girl&#8217;s chin as she leaned forward and reluctantly lapped her tongue on Annie&#8217;s boots.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Think you can handle her?&nbsp; I winked at Annie as Cumsocket continued to lick her boots.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah.&nbsp; Annie replied distractedly, I could see the lust in her eyes as she petted the Asian girl&#8217;s long black hair.&nbsp; I grabbed the end of the butt plug stuffed in Cumsocket&#8217;s ass and twisted it, making her squeal.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Have a good time slut, I&#8217;ll be back later.&nbsp; I chuckled as I let go of the rubber shaft and headed to my office, hoping to get some work done.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a few hours I came out into the lobby.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but smile as I saw the Asian girl on her hands and knees at Annie&#8217;s feet, she was hidden behind the counter with spreadsheets and invoices spread out on the floor, the customers at the desk had no idea what was going on just a few feet away from them, they couldn&#8217;t see Cumsocket kneeling there.&nbsp; I loved the way she stared up at me in desperation as I waited for the customers to leave.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Annie, do you mind if I take our girl for a while, she&#8217;s got some work to do with the boys in the shop.&nbsp; I grinned down at Cumsocket and she started to tremble in fear.&nbsp; She was shaking like a leaf as I walked toward her and grabbed for her leash.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your feet slut, before any customers come in.&nbsp; I ran my hand through her hair as she got up awkwardly, I was smiling at her the whole while.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear the thud of her heels as the Asian girl sobbed behind me.&nbsp; I tugged hard on the leash not bothering to look at her, just pulling her along like a pet.&nbsp; I knew she was getting more and more desperate wondering what was going to happen as we got closer to the shop.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear the banging of the wrenches and clatter of the air guns go silent when the boys saw the Asian girl in tow behind me as we walked through the open garage door.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gather round boys, I&#8217;ve got an announcement for you.&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s hands were shaking as she held them in front of her body, her knees were banging together as I pushed her in front of me. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is our new employee, her name is Cumsocket and she&#8217;s going to be doing some work in the office for Annie, and, well, she&#8217;s volunteered to help keep up morale back here in the shop too, didn&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; I slapped the Asian girl on the ass urging her to answer. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Didn&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; I loved the way her body shuddered in fear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; She bowed her head and I thought she might collapse the way her legs trembled.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled a thick long dildo from my pocket and handed it to the Asian girl, it looked huge in her thin delicate fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you put a show on for the boys cunt, strip for them and then show then how you like a big old prick in your pussy.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t move and started to sob uncontrollably.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed her by the hair and tugged on her scalp.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Strip for them bitch, and get that cock in your fuckhole, now!&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s hands were shaking violently as she reached for the thin strap over her shoulder and eased it over her arm, the boys started hollering as soon as soon as her dark nipple slipped into view.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it whore, get it off!!!&nbsp; The mechanics started to howl at her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get it off!&nbsp; A chorus rang up in the garage
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Strip!&nbsp; Strip!&nbsp; Strip!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl&#8217;s body was quaking out of control as the thin cotton dress fell to the floor around her ankles.&nbsp; A hushed awe came over the boys as Cumsocket&#8217;s shaved pussy came into view.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Turn around for the boys cunt, show them that hot little body.&nbsp; The Asian girl&#8217;s heels thudded off the dirty cement as she twisted slowly.&nbsp; I could hear the gasp of shock as the men saw the end of the plug jutting from her anal ring.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She likes it up the ass too boys, she&#8217;s just a useless two bit whore that likes to fuck, aren&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; I grabbed the end of the rubber plug in her ass and tugged on it hard, it popped from her ass suddenly, making her groan in discomfort.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Somebody, get a chair, the bitch wants to put on a little show for you before she sucks your cocks dry.&nbsp; There was a rush as the boys in the garage raced to push a chair in front of the Asian slut.&nbsp; I loved the way she sobbed and looked at me with desperate eyes, hoping beyond hope that I would free her from the torment.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sit down bitch, get that dildo in that snatch, I want you to give the boys a show of what you can take in that tight Asian cunt.&nbsp; Cumsocket was sobbing, tears streaked down her cheeks as she stumbled back into the chair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open those legs wide cunt, I want to see that dildo in your pussy, now!&nbsp; The Asian slut spread her legs wide, her ankles were over the arms of the chair, splayed obscenely with the black heels strapped to her ankles as she looked up at me with complete and utter terror.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I know that cunt of your&#8217;s is wet already slut, so get that dildo in that snatch, now!&nbsp; Cumsocket held the long thick shaft in her thin, delicate hands.&nbsp; It looked huge in her grasp but I knew she could take it easily into her sopping pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get it in your cunt bitch or I&#8217;ll let all the boys rape your ass today.&nbsp; The tears streaked down the Asian girl&#8217;s cheeks as she worked the thick head of the rubber shaft against her pussy.&nbsp; The huge mushroomed head of the fake cock slipped easily into her fuck hole, holding it with two hands Cumsocket buried the long shaft deep in her belly as the boys in the shop hollered encouragement.&nbsp; Her thighs were wide open, hanging over the arms of the chair as she started to slam the monster dildo deep in her cunt.&nbsp; If it wasn&#8217;t for the desperate sobs I would have thought she enjoyed it as the cock disappeared deep in her pussy over and over again.&nbsp; The chair creaked as her body jerked and bucked each time she buried the dildo in her snatch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cum for the boys cunt!&nbsp; I grabbed for the Asian girls nipples and twisted them brutally.&nbsp; Lines of tears streaked down her cheeks in a torrent.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cum for them bitch!&nbsp; I slapped Cumsocket hard across the breasts as she buried the dildo deep in her belly, I don&#8217;t know if she was faking, but the Asian slut started to moan as she pounded the thick fake cock deep in her belly.&nbsp; Her stomach muscles convulsed as over and over again as she impaled the dildo in her cunt.&nbsp; You could barely hear a pin drop as the boys in the shop stared intently at the confluence of Cumsocket&#8217;s thighs, watching as she slammed the long shaft in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl&#8217;s arms were trembling as she left the dildo impaled in her fuck hole.&nbsp; She was sobbing hysterically as I slapped her across her face while her thighs twitched.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your knees cunt, I know you want some cum, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I laughed out loud as I pushed her to her knees in front of the chair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And leave the dildo in your pussy slut, I know you like a cock in your hole!&nbsp; Cumsocket collapsed onto her knees on the cold, rough cement floor.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hands behind your head slut!&nbsp; The Asian girl&#8217;s hands were shaking violently as she put them behind her head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Line up boys, everybody gets a shot at the bitch.&nbsp; It didn&#8217;t take a second for the boys in the shop to get in a queue.&nbsp; I could hear Cumsocket gagging as the first mechanic forced his cock down her throat.&nbsp; It was brutal and there was nothing she could do but swallow his cock, the man had his dick down her throat before she could even scream.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;d ever seen a more brutal face fuck, his hands were at the back of her head holding her lips down around the base of his prick as he raped her mouth viciously.&nbsp; I loved the way she gagged and choked on the dick while the man used her like a rag doll.&nbsp; I stood back and admired the violence of the oral rape.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see the way Cumsocket&#8217;s eyes bulged as the mechanic&#8217;s cum exploded in her throat suddenly, I could see the thick sperm bubble around her lips as he held her mouth down on his cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!&nbsp; For an instant the Asian girl tried to resist, her hands left the back of her neck and tried to push the mechanic away but she was no match for the man&#8217;s strength and he held her lips around the base of his cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After the first man pulled his dick from her mouth another buried his prick between the Asian girl&#8217;s soft, inviting lips instantly.&nbsp; The parade went on till every guy in the shop had face fucked the girl, one after another raped her mouth, using her like she was nothing more than a fuck hole.&nbsp; Some of the boys didn&#8217;t even bother to cum in her mouth, instead pulling out and spewing their load on her pretty face and in her hair.&nbsp; I finally pulled her to her feet after the last of the boys had used her, thick white sperm was streaked through her hair and covered her skin like gel.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tugged hard on the leash clipped to her collar and pulled Cumsocket to her feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry boys, I&#8217;ll bring the cunt back another time, I know she wants some good white cocks up that Asian snatch.&nbsp; I grabbed Cumsocket by the hair and arched her head back.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re a mess you stupid whore, but I guess this is all your good for.&nbsp; I reached between her legs and grasped the dildo still jutting from her snatch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you don&#8217;t want me to take this out, do you slut?&nbsp; I twisted the long rubber shaft deep in her belly till she groaned.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Have a good day boys, I&#8217;ve got to take the slut home now.&nbsp; I pulled hard on the leash and started dragging Cumsocket across the lot as the cum dried on her smooth yellow skin and in her long black hair.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
-----

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was amazed how fast Jim worked, the craftsmanship was incredible, the doggy door was exactly what I wanted.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I smiled down at the Asian girl as her lips were wrapped around my cock, her head was slowly bobbing up and down on my prick as I patted her on the head.&nbsp; I&#8217;d been bringing her into the office for a week now and Annie had been putting her to good use, she was actually making her do the books, and the former engineer seemed to be doing a decent job. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make me cum slut!&nbsp; I felt Cumsocket&#8217;s lips tighten on my prick as she sucked hard on me, I loved the way she gagged on my cock as she tried to deep throat me.&nbsp; I grabbed the back of her head and started pushing her lips around the base of my dick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOHHHHHHH SHHHHIITTTTT.&nbsp; The Asian girl choked on my prick as my balls started pumping hot cum down her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy fuck.&nbsp; My hips bucked up off the chair and strangled the girl with my dick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, milk me.&nbsp; I loved the way Cumsocket&#8217;s eyes bulged as I held her head down on my dick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt.&nbsp; I loved the feel of my cock against the back of her throat.&nbsp; I leaned my head back and moaned as I slowly lifted the Asian girl&#8217;s mouth off my prick.&nbsp; She started to lick me clean without command, she started with the mushroomed head of my cock till she worked her way down to my balls.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good kitty.&nbsp; I smiled down at the girl, stroking her smooth black hair like a pet, I knew it embarrassed the hell out of her so it made it all the more fun to taunt her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to put you in your pen slut.&nbsp; I pushed Cumsocket out the doggy door into her new pen behind the office.&nbsp; The heavy rubber door smacked her in the ass as she scurried out into the enclosure, it was covered in grass with a dog house in the corner, I used to keep my dogs in the pen when I&#8217;d bring them to the shop in the days long before I&#8217;d bought my house and had a proper kennel for them.&nbsp; Half of the pen was under the edge of the roof so there was shade from the sun and a spigot for water.&nbsp; The fence was a good 8&#8217; tall and covered on top with metal grating.&nbsp; It&#8217;s not like the Asian girl could get out if she wanted to, but I liked knowing she was locked in nonetheless.&nbsp; 
The pen was in a spot where guys from the shop could see her, but it wasn&#8217;t visible to the public so I could keep her out there all day long if I wanted to.
I looked out the window and watched as Cumsocket crawled on the grass around the pen.&nbsp; I&#8217;d told her that she couldn&#8217;t get to her feet, that she was a doggy bitch and she should act like one.&nbsp; I&#8217;d loved the way the tears streaked down her cheeks in an instant of complete and utter shame when I&#8217;d told her.
I stood staring out the window at the slut, I loved the way the black leather collar contrasted with her smooth yellow skin, and then there was the fuzzy tail that swayed side to side as she moved.&nbsp; The tail was attached to a thick butt plug stuffed in her ass.&nbsp; I&#8217;d loved the way she&#8217;d cried as I made Annie force it into her body.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t wait for the boys in the shop to discover her in her new pen, I knew they&#8217;d love to tease her on their lunch break, and maybe even make her suck their cocks through the fence.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

-----

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket whimpered the whole way to the shop as she always did now.&nbsp; Most of the time I didn&#8217;t bother having her wear anything at all, but some days I made her dress in costumes for Annie and the boys, today she was naked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Most of the time I kept her locked in the pen behind the office, at least when she wasn&#8217;t helping Annie out with the books.&nbsp; I loved watching as the boys stood just outside the cage at lunchtime, sometimes they&#8217;d toss their half eaten sandwiches through the fence for her to eat off the ground like a dog, that, or wait for her to need to piss.&nbsp; I absolutely loved how humiliated she got as they laughed and mocked her as she had to lift her leg and pee like an animal, after all she wasn&#8217;t allowed to get off her hands and knees when she was in the pen, even to relieve herself.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It wasn&#8217;t a shock if she had to suck off all the guys in the shop over lunch time, they&#8217;d work their cocks through the hurricane fence like it was a gloryhole and make her swallow their cum, though sometimes they just spewed on her face and hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Usually I had Annie force a butt plug tail in her ass every morning, I loved watching the fuzzy tail sway as she crawled around the enclosure.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I lifted the rubber doggy door and snapped my fingers together.&nbsp; Cumsocket scurried quickly toward me, her long black hair hanging from her head as she crawled into the office.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your feet slut.&nbsp; I snapped the leash to the Asian girl&#8217;s collar as she got to her feet and tugged on it, making sure it was locked in place.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The boys have had a good week and need a little treat.&nbsp; I ran my hand under Cumsocket&#8217;s chin and lifted her head so she was looking at me.&nbsp; I think you know that you&#8217;re the treat, don&#8217;t you slut.&nbsp; I moved my hand down over her belly till I found her opening and thrust my fingers inside her snatch.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t worry cunt, I&#8217;m not going to let them rape your ass, at least not yet.&nbsp; I grinned at the girl, staring into her dark eyes as I started to finger fuck her, slamming my knuckles against her snatch making her rise up on her tip toes with each brutal thrust of my hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I kept finger fucking Cumsocket till I could feel her getting wet and she started to moan.&nbsp; I could feel her thighs closing on my hand, her muscles starting to quiver as a buried my fingers into her cunt repeatedly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to cum slut?&nbsp; I rammed my fingers to the hilt in her pussy and left them buried in her belly, forcing her up on her toes like a ballet dancer till she started to whimper.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, please let this useless cunt cum, please!&nbsp; I twisted my finger deep inside her snatch, her vaginal muscles were clamping down on my hand like a vice.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Save it slut, I want you to cum at least five times when the boys are fucking you.&nbsp; Cumsocket blubbered desperately as I pulled my fingers from her snatch.&nbsp; I wiped my wet hand off on her face.&nbsp; I want you to beg each guy to fuck that useless Asian cunt and cum in your pussy, understand?&nbsp; The Asian girl&#8217;s body was trembling as I pinched her jaw between my fingers and arched her head up so she was looking me in the eyes.&nbsp; Understand slut?&nbsp; Tears of need dribbled down her cheek.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; I ran my hand down over her quivering belly and took hold of her throbbing clit, pinching it violently until she yelped.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You should be proud that the boys would use a dirty Asian slut like you any way.&nbsp; I chuckled at the girl and let go of her pulsing clit.&nbsp; I heard her moan in relief, and desperation.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tossed a pair of 5 heels on the floor in front of Cumsocket.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Put them on slut.&nbsp; Besides her leather collar and cuffs, the heels were the only clothes the girl was going to be wearing.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl walked tentatively behind me on the monster heels as I pulled her along on the leash.&nbsp; I could hear her trying to choke back the tears as we walked through the office toward the shop.&nbsp; Her nipples were hard in the cool air and her pussy still glistened.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The hoots and hollers started the instant I dragged Cumsocket into the garage, the boys started to circle like sharks smelling blood in the water.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Who had the best week boys?&nbsp; One of the guys at the back of the shop put up his hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There you go slut, you know what to do.&nbsp; The Asian girl fell to her knees, the handle of the collar clanged on the floor and dangled from her neck as she started to crawl toward the grimy mechanic.&nbsp; The other guys in the shop parted and let her through, taking their opportunity to touch and molest the girl as she shuffled past on her hands and knees.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear her sobbing as she knelt before the worker, her hands were shaking as she grabbed his thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Will you fuck this useless Asian slut?&nbsp; I could hear her weeping from across the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll fuck you bitch.&nbsp; He grabbed the back of her smooth long hair and pulled her face against his groin rubbing her cheeks against the growing bulge in his pants harshly.
Cumsocket worked frantically to get his cock out of the overalls, she barely had it in her mouth before he yanked her to her feet and bent her over the edge of one of the work tables, the man at least had the decency to spread a ratty looking towel over the cold metal before he buried his dick in her wet and needy cunt.&nbsp; He started fucking her brutally, pumping his dick in her pussy from behind like a jackhammer.&nbsp; I could see the way Cumsocket&#8217;s body jerked forward with each thrust, her legs were spread wide and the muscles of her thighs were corded and tense.&nbsp; 
I heard the girl starting to moan and I could only smile to myself as she started to cum.&nbsp; She wailed like a banshee as the mechanic kept pounding his cock into her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next man threw her on her back over one of the padded stools spread around the shop.&nbsp; He had her legs spread wide and she wrapped her hips around his back as he fucked her. 
On and on it went, from her back to her belly the Asian girl was rutted and bunny fucked, having to debase herself each time a new man started to use her, having to crawl to the man and beg them to fuck her.&nbsp; Having to suck and lick each new cock to erection, using her delicate hands to ease each prick from the greasy overalls of the mechanics.&nbsp; Some of the men used her multiple times, taking advantage of the girl like she was a rag doll, a receptacle for their cum.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled the Asian girl into my office on her leash after her ordeal, she moved slowly, her legs were weary after the gangbang and sperm dribbled down her inner thighs obscenely as I tugged on her collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I went to cabinet behind my desk and grabbed a glass bowl, I set down in the corner of the room and pointed Cumsocket to it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squat over it slut and squeeze that sperm out of your pussy, I want you to have a treat for later.&nbsp; I laughed out loud as I smacked her small tits with my open hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket waddled to the corner of the room, she spread her legs wide and straddled the glass bowl, instantly I could see her fatigued legs start to quake.&nbsp; Gelatinous dollops of cum started to drip from her pussy as her thighs shook.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open that cunt slut.&nbsp; The Asian girl&#8217;s delicate fingers slipped over her belly and grabbed her raw and swollen pussy lips, I loved the way her crimson nails contrasted against the pinkness of her opening as she spread her labia wide.&nbsp; Thick lines of sperm started to drain from her pussy in a stream, plopping in the bowl below, remnants of the 17 boys in the shop who had fucked her and unloaded in her tight Asian snatch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finger that hole whore, make sure you get it all.&nbsp; I pulled a beer from the fridge and sat down behind my desk, I put my feet up and watched my yellow skinned slut drain her pussy of all the boys cum.&nbsp; 
The Asian girl&#8217;s thighs quivered as the last thick lines of sperm plopped down into the glass bowl, pooling in the bottom after she&#8217;d crouched over the bowl for a good fifteen minutes.
Did you get it all slut?&nbsp; The Asian girl&#8217;s face was bright red with shame, she tried to keep her head down as she wept. 
Yes Master.&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s thighs shuddered as she squatted over the bowl.
Good, put the bowl in the fridge, you&#8217;ll have a treat for later.&nbsp; The girl moaned as she got to her feet, I knew she was exhausted.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t forget to lick those fingers clean slut.&nbsp; 

------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I pulled up to Doc&#8217;s house.&nbsp; I could feel my heart beating a little faster as Jim turned off the engine.&nbsp; I always felt a little nervous, or more precisely, excited, when I was around Doc and his girls.&nbsp; He embodied a viciousness, or brutality, that I couldn&#8217;t quite find in myself.&nbsp; On the one hand it scared me, he scared me, he was too cruel and sadistic, but still, there was part of me that was jealous of his absolute control over the girls.&nbsp; To him, they were pure objects, devoid of any humanity whatsoever, he acted without any guilt the way he treated them, while I still felt a degree of remorse about what I&#8217;d done, sometimes at least.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc was waiting for us at the door as Jim and I dragged the girls up the path.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So are these your new slaves?&nbsp; I could see the way Doc was sizing them up, I wondered what thoughts were going through his mind, what he wanted to do to them.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The one&#8217;s got nice tits, and then the Asian cunt, I bet she&#8217;s a good fuck, come on in.&nbsp; Doc held open the door as Jim and I pulled the girls inside.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard Carrie squeal as Doc tugged on her nipple.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now that&#8217;s a sensitive tit, I bet you&#8217;ve teased the boys over the years, haven&#8217;t you whore?&nbsp; Doc pulled hard on her nipple, stretching it into a point.&nbsp; Now it&#8217;s time to make you pay for your indiscretions.&nbsp; Carrie sobbed in fear as Doc exposed his teeth as he smiled, he looked like a cruel wild animal, ready to attack his prey as he let go of her breast.&nbsp; 
Let&#8217;s go see your other slut, I&#8217;m sure you want to see how she&#8217;s doing.&nbsp; Doc slapped Carrie across the face hard.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll pay cunt, you&#8217;ll pay, I know you were a tease.&nbsp; Doc smiled and started leading us into the house.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I dragged Carrie and Cumsocket down the stairs behind me as I followed Doc.&nbsp; I could hear what sounded like machines working in the basement dungeon.&nbsp; I heard Carrie gasp as we stepped out into the dungeon and saw Jayme bent over a metal frame, I could see the twin poled dildos pumping in and out of her pussy and ass in a brutal rhythm, making her jerk forward with each deep thrust, in and out the shafts pounded into her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jayme was strapped down over the metal bar, it was digging into her belly harshly and her hands were pulled up behind her back and locked together, her legs were spread impossibly wide and chained in place to the vertical members of the frame.&nbsp; Clear plastic tubes hung from her massive tits and swayed side to side as they sucked on her breasts.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had to take the rings out of her tits to milk her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Doc reached down and grabbed Jayme&#8217;s hair, he arched her head back brutally.&nbsp; Drool dribbled from her lips through the wide hole the ring gag formed between her teeth, the salvia dripped down over her chin and pooled on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got the bitch lactating now.&nbsp; The rhythmic sound of suction breast pump echoed through the room as Doc reached down and grabbed one of the long tubes dangling from her breast, he pulled hard on the tube, stretching Jayme&#8217;s nipple, making her squeal in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;d be amazed how sensitive the bitch&#8217;s tits are now, you should hear how loud she screams when I whip her breasts.&nbsp; Doc clamped his hand down on Jayme&#8217;s mammaries and dug his fingers in like he was mauling his prey.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe you&#8217;d like me to milk your bitch too?&nbsp; Doc reached out and ran his hand over Carrie&#8217;s cheek.&nbsp; I bet you&#8217;d like that, wouldn&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s body trembled as he touched her, she instinctively tried to pull away from Doc&#8217;s hand but I held tight to her collar keeping her in place.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess your sluts need their shots, don&#8217;t they?&nbsp; Doc winked at me.&nbsp; We wouldn&#8217;t want these cunts&#8217; getting pregnant, now would we?&nbsp; Doc pinched Carrie&#8217;s nipples between his fingers making her squeal in agony.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I can see it, you like to swallow cum, don&#8217;t you slut.&nbsp; Doc turned his attention to the Asian girl, he slammed two fingers deep in Cumsocket&#8217;s belly and started pounding his hand deep in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s all an Asian slut is good for anyway, isn&#8217;t it cunt?&nbsp; Cumsocket lifted up on her toes trying to ease the discomfort of the deep thrusts in her pussy as Doc&#8217;s fingers buried in her snatch over and over again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc pulled his fingers from the Asian girl&#8217;s belly and ran his wet hand over her cheek and through her long, smooth, black hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you two head upstairs and grab a drink while I check on the girls and give them their shots.&nbsp; Doc grabbed Cumsocket by the scalp and forced her to her knees, he let go of her hair and violently grabbed her wrists, pulling them hard into the small of her back and snapping the leather cuffs on her wrists together.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There&#8217;s some food in the fridge if you want anything.&nbsp; Doc reached down and pinched Cumsocket&#8217;s nipples making her yelp.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve got some small little titties slut, maybe I can convince Pat to pump them up a bit.&nbsp; The Asian girl&#8217;s nipples jiggled and got back into shape quickly after Doc let go.&nbsp; I could see the moistness in her eyes as Doc reached under her arms and lifted her off the ground, he easily carried her to a thick metal pole set in the floor against the wall.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I like to give the girls&#8217; a little encouragement to do as I say.&nbsp; Doc picked a small object off the table, almost instantly Cumsocket started screaming as an electric current ripped through her belly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s a smart little slut, isn&#8217;t she?&nbsp; Doc turned and grinned at me as the Asian girl was sobbing, she was panting and her body was trembling violently.&nbsp; Didn&#8217;t you say she was an engineer or something like that, went to Berkeley?&nbsp; Maybe she&#8217;ll learn faster then.&nbsp; Cumsocket started screaming and her thighs and belly convulsed when Doc sent another brutal current through the pole burning her pussy with the electricity.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go grab something to eat and drink guys, don&#8217;t mind the screams, I&#8217;ll make sure the girls&#8217; enjoy themselves.&nbsp; The Asian girl was bent at the waist, the muscles of her legs continued to twitch even after the shocks stopped.&nbsp; She was wheezing for air and I could see the sheen of sweat on her skin as her chest heaved, my dick started to throb as I thought about shock pole rammed up her cunt.
When Jim and I came back downstairs I could hear the moaning of the girls immediately.&nbsp; I looked to my right and saw Carrie and Jayme hanging from the ceiling by loops wrapped around their breasts.&nbsp; Their bodies were slowly swaying from the cords digging into their tits, with each breath their bodies swung a little more making them cry out louder and louder.&nbsp; Their hands were bound behind their backs with leather straps around their upper arms forcing their aching breasts out further.
Doc had Cumsocket bent over the examination table, she grunted in pain as his massive cock pounded into her ass over and over.&nbsp; Her arms were spread wide and strapped to the edge rail.&nbsp; Her hard nipples scraped against the paper surface as her body jerked forward with each vicious thrust of Doc&#8217;s hips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just a second boys, this Asian cunt has a nice tight ass!&nbsp; Doc tugged hard on Cumsocket&#8217;s long black hair, bending her neck backwards violently as she screamed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Take that bitch, take that!&nbsp; Doc yanked on the Asian girl&#8217;s neck cruelly as he rutted the girl, pounding his cock in his ass trying to rip her in two, emphasizing each thrust of his cock with a roar, bellowing in lust as his hips drove deep into Cumsocket&#8217;s rectum till he filled her with his thick cum in a brutal orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit that cunt has a tight ass.&nbsp; Doc pulled his long cudgel from the Asian girl&#8217;s ass and wiped his prick on the back of her thigh.&nbsp; Cumsocket was bent forward, her cheek pressed against the table as she wept uncontrollably.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc eased his huge prick back in his pants and walked toward where Jayme and Carrie hung from the ceiling.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They&#8217;re all set with their shots now boys, you&#8217;ve got some healthy little sluts here.&nbsp; Carrie started to cry desperately as Doc reached up and fingered her pussy, she wailed like a little child as he worked his hand over her snatch, driving his digit deep in her cunt sending her body into motion.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I gave them a few extra drugs so they&#8217;ll be really sensitive over the next few days, I suggest if you want to really whip them, do it now, they&#8217;ll really like it.&nbsp; Doc chuckled over the sound of Carrie&#8217;s pathetic cries.&nbsp; He reached down to the table and grabbed a heavy metal clamp with vicious serrated teeth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s see how she likes this? Carrie&#8217;s tears streaked down her cheeks and plopped down on her bulbous red breasts.&nbsp; She let out a heartrending scream as Doc let go of the spring and the cruel teeth of the clamp snapped down on her oversensitive clit.&nbsp; The shriek was non-stop and only got more deafening as Doc hung a heavy weight from the twitching clamp dangling from her hypersensitive bud.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s all set now.&nbsp; Doc slapped Carrie on the belly sending her body swaying, he turned and looked at Jim and I.&nbsp; 
Want to hear Jayme scream?&nbsp; Doc chuckled as he picked up the cane off the table before we could even react, not that I had any intention of protesting, my dick was hard and starting to ache as I anticipated the sound of Jayme&#8217;s shrieks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blow was sudden and Jayme response was immediate.&nbsp; Doc slapped the flexible wooden rod against the underside of the girl&#8217;s bulging tits.&nbsp; Jayme&#8217;s legs jerked to life as the cane dug deep in her sensitive flesh, sending her body into an evil arc.&nbsp; 
Jayme&#8217;s body swung violently from the loops around her tits as Doc started to land blows indiscriminately on her body; on her belly, thighs, but mostly on her breasts.&nbsp; Over and over again Doc buried the vicious cane on Jayme&#8217;s skin, till nasty crimson stripes rose on her flesh, crisscrossing her luscious skin with horrific marks.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know how long it went on, I could feel myself panting in excitement and need as I watched the sadistic display. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc tossed the cane down on the table and started running his hands over Jayme&#8217;s body, trailing his fingers slowly over the deep red welts cutting across her flesh, making her wail in exquisite agony.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God I love the way this slut screams.&nbsp; Jayme was sobbing, tears streaked down her cheeks as her body swayed to and fro.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard the hoist motor humming and the girls collapsed to the floor in a heap, both were sobbing desperately, rolling side to side on the ground with their hands pinned behind their back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc knelt over the girls&#8217; and quickly undid the loops around Jayme and Carrie&#8217;s breasts.&nbsp; He tugged hard on Jayme&#8217;s nipples making streams of milk squirt out of her hug tits.
Want to grab a beer guys?&nbsp; Doc got to his feet, leaving the girls&#8217; writhing in pain on the cold floor.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
In just a sec buddy.&nbsp; Cumsocket moaned as I grabbed for her hips and buried my cock in her pussy. 


To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it&#8217;s always very encouraging, and I especially love hearing from females who like my work.&nbsp; Please write me at my email aspererus@yahoo.com since my semiater account got hacked and I no longer have access.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater aspererus@yahoo.com)










Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
by 
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-One

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The birds chirped outside, slowly waking me with their cacophony of sound.&nbsp; The warm sunshine shone through my bedroom window and fell on my face, heating my skin gently.&nbsp; I heard the clang of the chain from the side of my bed as I slowly came, rubbing the sleep from my eyes.&nbsp; I slid my legs over the side of the bed and sat on the edge of the mattress, Emily stared up at me from the floor, she was curled in a ball on the fuzzy dog cushion that was her bed. A heavy chain ran from a bolt in the wall to the thick leather collar around her neck, and was locked in place with a brass padlock.&nbsp; Her hands and feet were encased in smooth padded leather muffs, making her look like a little puppy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How did you sleep slut?&nbsp; Emily mewed softly through the ring gag stuffed behind her teeth.&nbsp; Drool dribbled down her chin and over her breasts as she got on her hands and knees letting the small blanket slip off her naked body, she brought her hands up under her chin like an obedient little puppy.&nbsp; Her pretty hair was stringy and fell in strands over her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are a pretty little slut, aren&#8217;t you.&nbsp; I saw the glimmer in her eyes as I complimented her.&nbsp; I loved the way my little pet was becoming so needy for my attention.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I spread my thighs and snapped my fingers, instantly Emily was on all fours crawling towards me.&nbsp; She put her tongue out through the ring gag and started lapping my cock, first licking my balls, then my shaft, she kept her eyes up, staring at me as she rubbed my prick against her cheek and forehead, almost cooing as my dick touched her skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You need your tail in, don&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Emily knelt at attention, her paws up under her chin waiting like an well-trained little pup.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Over my knees slut.&nbsp; Emily scurried to my lap, I could see the slight hesitation in her eyes as she mounted my thighs, with her pretty ass jutting in the air she wiggled into position with her belly over my legs.&nbsp; Her toes were just barely touching the floor and her long beautiful hair dangled from her head.&nbsp; Drool hung in strings from her spread lips and she moaned as I ran my hand over the back of her legs, she let out a groan of pleasure as I slipped a finger into her wet, throbbing, pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, you want my cock in your dirty cunt, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Emily whimpered in desperation as I slowly finger fucked her, I could feel her vaginal muscles squeezing down on me as I rammed my finger into her snatch over and over again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You know that&#8217;s all you&#8217;re good for, don&#8217;t you slut, just a receptacle for my cum.&nbsp; Emily let out a squeal as I pulled my finger from her slit and brought my hand down on her ass with vicious blow.&nbsp; I grabbed for the back of her head and took hold of her locks in my hand, twisting her head up so she was looking me in the face with wide, confused, eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You need a good paddling cunt!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s head jerked back as I spit in her face, I thick wad of saliva was plastered to her skin as I let go of her hair and started bringing my hand down violently on her ass.&nbsp; I could feel my palm sink into her flesh as I brought it down again and again on her ass.&nbsp; Emily wiggled on my thigh&#8217;s, her toes were pointed and barely kept touch with the floor as I beat her ass with my hand.&nbsp; The skin of her rump started growing redder and redder with each successive blow.&nbsp; She whimpered and writhed as I continued to spank her.&nbsp; I could hear my little pet start to cry as I wailed on her ass with my palm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was sobbing hard when I finally stopped with the blows.&nbsp; I grabbed for her hair and arched her head back again so she was staring me in the eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Never forget you&#8217;re my slave, to do with as I please.&nbsp; I own you!&nbsp; I glared down at Emily, I loved the fear in her eyes.&nbsp; My palm burned from spanking my girl, but I loved it, I loved the way her belly convulsed on my thighs and the tears ran down her cheeks while she wept.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to put in your tail bitch!&nbsp; I brought my hand down hard on her ass one last time, her whole body jerked in response to the blow, then I rammed three fingers into her spasming cunt and forced them in as far as I could.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I should try and get my whole fist in there someday slut!&nbsp; Emily blubbered as I twisted my fingers in her snatch harshly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time for your tail.&nbsp; Emily sobbed as I pulled my hand from between her thighs.&nbsp; I&#8217;d selected the largest butt plus I had for my little pet.&nbsp; It was thick and wide at the base, then tapered to a narrow point at the tip.&nbsp; Attached to the end of the plug was a fuzzy tail which I loved to see buried in my little slave girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily whimpered softly, she hated having the plug stuffed in her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want some lube cunt?&nbsp; Small tears bubbled out of Emily&#8217;s eyes as she looked up at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I moved my fingers between the cheeks of her ass, she squealed as I worked one finger deep in her rectum.&nbsp; I could feel her body wiggling uncomfortably on my thighs as I buried my finger to the knuckle in her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re still tight, that&#8217;s good, I wouldn&#8217;t have any use for you if you weren&#8217;t.&nbsp; I pulled my finger out with an audible pop and started pouring lube over the thick butt plug tail.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I love seeing you with your tail in cunt.&nbsp; I pressed the tip of the plug against her anal ring and started slowly forcing it in.&nbsp; Emily squealed as the tip of the thick shaft spread her opening and wedged its way deeper in her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I loved the way she groaned and grunted as I forced the plug in deeper in deeper, she yelped in pain as the rubber grew wider and wider and her sphincter had to stretch to accommodate it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost there slut.&nbsp; I pushed the plug hard and it popped into Emily&#8217;s ass.&nbsp; She let out a shriek as the tail rammed home in her rectum.&nbsp; Her whole body jerked in pain as the rubber shaft filled her nether hole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt!&nbsp; I smacked my palm down on her butt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get up.&nbsp; I lifted her off my knees.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s legs were wobbly as she stood in front of me, she was sobbing softly as the fuzzy tail dangled between her thighs.&nbsp; The thick, padded, muffs on her hands and feet looked like oversized paws.&nbsp; I knew she couldn&#8217;t really play with herself very well with the large mitts on her hands.&nbsp; Drool hung in lines from her chin as stood at attention before me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dance for me baby, let me see that tail.&nbsp; I could see the embarrassment in her face as she turned and moved her hips side to side sending the long tail swaying.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re such a pretty little pet, such a cute puppygirl.&nbsp; I could see the moistness of her pussy as Emily kept her legs spread wide and danced for me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such a pretty little bitch, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Her nipples were hard and erect and I reached out to grab them with my fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your knees.&nbsp; Emily fell to her knees with a thud, she brought her encased hands up under her chin immediately as she knelt with her legs spread wide.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One more thing.&nbsp; I pulled a pair of weighted clamps from the nightstand and snapped them on my little pet&#8217;s hard nipples.&nbsp; She let out a yelp as the rubber tipped clamps bit down onto her sensitive flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to do some work.&nbsp; I snapped a long leather leash to the thick ring on her collar, her ass still glowed red from the harsh spanking.&nbsp; Her pussy glistened and I knew she desperately wanted to cum.&nbsp; I tugged hard on the lead and Emily started crawling behind me, the fuzzy tail stuffed in her ass swayed as she moved and the padded leather muffs on her hands scraped against the carpet as she moved across the floor.&nbsp; The heavy weighted clamps bit down on my little girl&#8217;s breasts and swung in brutal arcs as she moved, stretching her sensitive nipple flesh, making her whimper as she shuffled along the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When we got in the living room I sat on the edge of the couch, Emily got on her haunches in front of me.&nbsp; I brushed the stray hairs out of her face and looked over my pretty little girl, she purred softly as I rubbed my cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily groaned as I released the strap of the ring gag behind her head.&nbsp; I gently worked the gag from between her teeth and the girl slowly eased the life back into her jaws.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;May I suck your cock Master?&nbsp; I flicked one of the weights dangling from her nipple making her shudder.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes cunt.&nbsp; Emily shuffled forward, placing her large padded muffs on my thighs and using her teeth to work open my fly.&nbsp; I loved the way she struggled with her nose to ease my prick from my pants.&nbsp; I grabbed the back of her head and wound my fingers through her soft hair as she took my cock between her lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; Emily tried to take the length of my dick in her mouth.&nbsp; I loved the way her wide eyes stared up at me as she moved her tongue on my shaft.&nbsp; I leaned back and flipped on the TV, I knew the game was on.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t want to cum yet bitch.&nbsp; Emily knew exactly what I wanted, I could sit for hours having my slut&#8217;s suckle my cock, it had taken a while to train them properly, but I loved the feel of their hot breath on my prick and my dick down their throats.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reached down and laid my hand on her head, I gently moved my fingers through her hair, petting her softly I felt her lips locked around the base of my shaft.&nbsp; Emily mewed quietly and I could feel her throat convulse ever so slightly around my prick as she held me in her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I propped a pillow behind my head and started watching the game, occasionally looking down and seeing my pretty little pet staring up at me as she held me between her lips, waiting for the command to make me cum.&nbsp; 

-------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear the click of Cumsocket&#8217;s heels on the floor before I could see her being dragged into the office on the leash by Annie.&nbsp; I&#8217;d let Annie take the Asian girl home the night before, to do as she pleased with her, and I was curious to know what had happened.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had my feet up on the desk slowly sipping my drink as Annie tugged Cumsocket in on her leash, the Asian slut was naked and I could see the way her face glistened in the light.&nbsp; I could see the contented look in Annie&#8217;s gaze and I knew she&#8217;d had the girl licking her cunt, probably the whole way into the office, or at least in the parking lot before she&#8217;d finally brought her in.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, did you have fun with her.&nbsp; I snapped my fingers and Cumsocket fell to the floor instantly.&nbsp; Her hair was dishshelved and it didn&#8217;t look like she&#8217;d showered or bathed since she&#8217;d left the shop the night before.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah.&nbsp; Annie smiled and pushed the handle of leash toward the Asian girl&#8217;s mouth, she opened her jaws instantly and took the leather handle between her teeth like an obedient dog.&nbsp; Annie&#8217;s face was filled with a glow of satisfaction.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good, I&#8217;m glad the stupid whore is good for something.&nbsp; I took my feet down off the desk and sat up in my chair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How&#8217;s business looking today Annie?&nbsp; The Asian girl never took her eyes off me, I loved the way the dark handle contrasted with her white teeth as she stared at me with mounting trepidation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Busy, looks like there will be lots of work.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good, good, why don&#8217;t you leave us alone Annie.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket sat on her haunches, the leather handle of the leash was between her teeth as Annie gently shut the door behind her as she left.&nbsp; I could see her start to tremble ever so slightly as I got to my feet and moved toward her.&nbsp; Suddenly I grabbed her by the hair and tugged her head back, making her look up at me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Did you have a good time cunt?&nbsp; I could see the moistness in the Asian girl&#8217;s eyes as I pulled on her scalp.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The boys&#8217; left you a treat last night, they missed you.&nbsp; I chuckled as I let go of the girl&#8217;s hair and walked toward the little fridge in the corner.&nbsp; I could feel the Asian girl watching me as I grabbed the large glass from the rack and turned back toward her.&nbsp; I could see an involuntary shudder run down her spine as I held the glass out for her to see.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I know you&#8217;ve been waiting for this slut.&nbsp; You need your nourishment.&nbsp; I laughed. I don&#8217;t know what it was, but seeing a girl guzzle down cum, I found it so hot, especially watching a dark haired Asian cunt swallow down the thick white goo.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here you go honey, drink up.&nbsp; I pulled the leash handle from between her teeth and let it fall to the floor, Cumsocket&#8217;s hands trembled softly as she took hold of the glass.&nbsp; It almost looked milky, there were spots of watery cum along with the thick wads of sperm.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Drink up cunt!&nbsp; I sat back in my chair, my dick was starting to get hard watching the Asian girl.&nbsp; She slowly brought the glass to her lips and started sipping the sperm brew.&nbsp; I saw her belly convulse as the first drops eased down her gullet.&nbsp; Her nipples were hard and her chest heaved as she started swallowing down the thick man juice. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her body twitched as I reached out and trailed my fingers over her belly.&nbsp; Cumsocket gagged occasionally as she slowly drained the huge glass of sperm.&nbsp; I could see it bubbling around her lips, running in little streams over her skin as she struggled to down the cum.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doesn&#8217;t that taste good cunt?&nbsp; The Asian girl fought to finish the last little bit of the glass.&nbsp; I could see the way she choked down the last few drops, trying to stifle her urge to retch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it pretty.&nbsp; Cumsocket took the glass away from her lips, the inside was still coated with slime and I could hear the girl burping as a grimace appeared on her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry slut, I&#8217;m sure the boys will gladly contribute more if you&#8217;d like.&nbsp; I pinched her nipple between my fingernails and twisted brutally, making her screech in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got to do some work cunt, then I&#8217;ve got a treat for you.&nbsp; Sperm was still dribbling down her chin as I pulled a small stool from under the table.&nbsp; It was mounted in the center with a massive dildo, it must have been a good 12 tall and disproportionately thick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you take a seat honey.&nbsp; I smiled, loving the discomfort I could see on the Asian girl&#8217;s face.&nbsp; I set the stool on the floor by my side and grinned.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come on, we don&#8217;t have all day.&nbsp; I could hear the soft whine from the Asian girl as she stood on ginger legs and started squatting over the massive pole.&nbsp; The leash dangled from her collar as she lowered herself down toward the tip of the dildo.&nbsp; The girl reached between her thighs and spread her swollen labia.&nbsp; Slowly the long shaft started disappearing in Cumsocket&#8217;s snatch, inch after inch slipped between the folds of her sex and buried in her belly.&nbsp; I could hear the girl groaning as more and more of the long rod sunk into her pussy.&nbsp; I sat back in my chair and started gently stroking my cock through my pants.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want you to take it all in cunt.&nbsp; There were still a few inches of the dildo visible and I could see the strain in the Asian girl&#8217;s thighs as she squatted indecently on the long pole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want your useless ass touching the stool, understand!&nbsp; Cumsocket moaned as she let her weight down and the full length of the shaft disappeared in her overstretched pussy.&nbsp; Her legs were quivering with the strain as she was fully impaled on the long dildo.&nbsp; I loved the way she gritted her teeth and stared up at me, that tiny bit of fear in her eyes showing through, desperately wanting to beg, but knowing she couldn&#8217;t, or shouldn&#8217;t.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ride it bitch, I know you love a big dick in that pussy, ride it like the whore you are.&nbsp; I could hear her start to whimper as she slowly eased up off the giant shaft.&nbsp; She moaned as the long dildo slowly slid from her slit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, fuck it.&nbsp; Cumsocket started back down on the massive dildo, letting it fill her belly once again till her ass was resting on the surface of the stool.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t make a sound slut, I&#8217;ve got work to do.&nbsp; Out of the corner of my eye I could see the Asian girl rising and falling on the huge shaft over and over again.&nbsp; Her thighs trembled with each movement, I know they must have been burning as she rode the stool.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been a good half hour by the time I let the Asian girl dismount the dildo.&nbsp; She could barely walk her legs were like jell-o.&nbsp; I could see her pussy was wet and her clit was hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re a dirty little whore, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I reached out and rammed a finger in her moist slit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess it&#8217;s not a surprise though, that&#8217;s the way you&#8217;re made, just another Asian fuck doll.&nbsp; Cumsocket groaned as I pulled my finger from her snatch and rubbed the wetness against her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry slut, I&#8217;ve got some cocks ready to fuck that dirty little hole of yours.&nbsp; I took hold of the leash dangling from her collar and tugged her to her feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s almost lunch time and I&#8217;ve got to get the boys there treat.&nbsp; I started dragging the Asian girl behind me toward the shop, I could hear the click of her heels on the floor as she shuffled behind me, whimpering softly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Silence filled the shop as I dragged the Asian girl into the garage.&nbsp; The boys had gotten used to her visits, but they still enjoyed them immensely.&nbsp; Cumsocket was naked but for the leather collar around her neck, the cuffs on her wrists and ankles, and the towering black heels that were strapped to her feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You boys had another good week.&nbsp; I tugged hard on the Asian girl&#8217;s leash and she stumbled forward.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Have a good time with her, I&#8217;ll be back in a couple hours.&nbsp; The guys in the shop closed in quickly and were on the girl in a second.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I walked back into the garage Cumsocket&#8217;s legs were up in the air, jerking violently as she got pounded by two men.&nbsp; Her legs flailed as she lay atop one of the men, his dick buried in her ass, while one of the other boys was on top of her, pumping his cock deep in her tight Asian slit.&nbsp; She groaned in discomfort as both her holes were filled brutally with large, erect, cocks.&nbsp; Hoots and hollers of encouragement echoed through the shop as the two men kept up their brutal rhythm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, did everybody have a good time?&nbsp; One of the young guys stood by my side.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah.&nbsp; I could see the lust and desire in his eyes, even though I knew he&#8217;d probably already fucked her a couple times.&nbsp; The Asian girl grunted in effort as the two men fucked her hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, she&#8217;s a hot little bitch.&nbsp; I heard one of the men using her roar as he pumped his seed deep in the Asian girl&#8217;s body.&nbsp; In a few seconds the other guy bellowed and I knew they were through.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it boys, I&#8217;ve got to take her back in the office.&nbsp; Cumsocket was on her back on the work table, her legs were splayed wide and her thighs were quivering with exhaustion.&nbsp; I could see the cum drying around her lips and streaked through her hair as I went to grab for the leash.&nbsp; Her eyes were glazed over and her body was covered with a sheen of sweat.&nbsp; Her labia were swollen and red.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Did you have a good time cunt?&nbsp; The girl moaned as I pulled her to her feet.&nbsp; She staggered gingerly like a new born calf on the high heels as I started dragging her behind me toward the office.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thanks for helping me out boys.&nbsp; Keep up the good work and I&#8217;ll bring our little Asian slut back for a visit.&nbsp; She kept her head down and followed silently behind me.&nbsp; She looked totally used and worn out and I tugged harder on her leash.

-------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could feel Emily under me, I knew she must have been uncomfortable with my weight atop her small frame, but still she didn&#8217;t make a sound.&nbsp; Her thighs were wrapped around my hips and her hard nipples were crushed against my chest.&nbsp; I loved the feel of my slut underneath me.&nbsp; She gagged slightly as I leaned down and thrust my tongue in her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was whimpering at the side of the bed as I kissed Emily, she was kneeling on the floor, her arms were encased in a single leather sleeve behind her back and her thighs and calves were strapped together with a leather band keeping her on her knees while she was impaled on a thick rubber shaft that jutted from a fuck board set on the floor.&nbsp; When I&#8217;d mounted her on the large dildo I&#8217;d coated it in icy hot making her scream and writhe with the pain for the first couple hours.&nbsp; Heavy weighted clamps hung from her aching nipples and swung in gentle arcs whenever she breathed heavily.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled my lips away from Emily&#8217;s.&nbsp; Her eyes fluttered softly as I rubbed the stray hairs from in front of her face.&nbsp; I could see the nervousness in her eyes as she spoke. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Will you fuck this useless whore Master, please, cum in my dirty cunt, I need your sperm Master, I need to be used!&nbsp; Emily squeezed her thighs tighter on my hips grinding her wet pussy against my groin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master!&nbsp; I could hear the desperation in her voice as she stared up at me.&nbsp; Monique started to whine louder and louder at the side of the bed as I felt Emily lift her upper body and scrape her hard nipples against my chest lovingly.&nbsp; I knew Monique&#8217;s muscles must be burning and cramping after the hours and hours of kneeling.&nbsp; She let out a yelp of despair as I turned and winked at her.&nbsp; Her mouth was filled with a large inflatable gag which supported a small little tray that jutted from between her gleaming teeth.&nbsp; A glass of water jiggled dangerously on the little tray as she started to cry, I&#8217;d kept her bound and tortured for much of the last week, not to mention keeping her from orgasm, and I knew she was desperate for release.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;d better not spill any cunt.&nbsp; I ran my hand through Emily&#8217;s hair as I grinned maliciously at Monique, the water splashed over the smooth edges of the glass as her body convulsed in a new wave of cramps.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, please!&nbsp; Emily arched her head up and started lapping her tongue on my neck like a needy kitten.&nbsp; I loved the anxious look in her eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please use me Master!&nbsp; She moaned in my ear, she knew I loved the feel of her hot breath on my skin.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I easily slipped my cock in Emily&#8217;s pussy, I could hear her moan as my dick sank deeper and deeper into her belly, her thighs closed tighter around my back as she arched her body to take me completely inside her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master.&nbsp; I could feel Emily clinch her vaginal muscles on my cock, clamping me tight.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Use this little whore, please!&nbsp; I could feel Emily&#8217;s hot breath in my ear, I loved the feel of her panting against my skin, I loved the sound of her moaning, the needy, desperate moaning as her stomach muscles convulsed under me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bed creaked under us as I grabbed for her long, smooth, hair and tugged her head back, her eyes were wide with need as I pounded into her pussy with my cock, slamming deep into her belly over and over again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Is that what you needed bitch?&nbsp; I started pumping my dick deep in Emily&#8217;s snatch, riding her hard and fast. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re just a dirty little whore, aren&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Emily moaned, her eyes were glazed over as she stared up at me, her tongue was out like a little puppy as she panted in lust
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; Her voice was soft and filled with desire as she groaned in desperation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Use me Master, cum in my pussy Sir, please, I need your sperm, PLLLLEEEAAAASSSEEEEEE!!!&nbsp; I locked my lips on hers and buried my tongue in her mouth as I felt my balls start to contract.&nbsp; I wrapped my tongue around hers as I spewed my load deep in her belly, grunting as I felt my prick spurting.&nbsp; I loved the way her eyes rolled into the back of her head as she squeaked in delight as I jerked my hips hard into hers, burying my cock in her tight little hole as far as possible.&nbsp; I could feel the way her thighs convulsed and locked around my ass as she orgasmed with me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I collapsed in a heap on my pet, lapping my tongue on her face as we both game down from the peak of pleasure.&nbsp; I loved feeling her under me as my heart-beat gradually slowed and I felt her thighs quivering against my back.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I rolled onto my side, off Emily, and she quickly laid her chin against my chest and took my nipple between her lips and started sucking.&nbsp; I reached over and grabbed the glass of water from the little tray in Monique&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you want to be fucked, don&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Monique groaned as a new spasm of cramps exploded through her tortured body as I winked at her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe another time slut.&nbsp; I drank the glass of water in one quick swig, then set the empty vessel back on the little tray jutting from my slaves mouth.&nbsp; I grabbed Emily by the hair and lifted her head off my chest.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean my cock cunt.&nbsp; Emily scurried between my thighs and started lapping her tongue on my waning prick.&nbsp; I groaned as I felt her moist lips sucking my balls into her mouth while she rubbed her forehead against my dick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; I ran my fingers softly through her hair as her moist tongue ran over my balls and dick, her wide, needy eyes stared up over my chest as she cleaned me like a dutiful pet.&nbsp; 

To Be Continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com









Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
By 
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Two

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim held tight to Carrie&#8217;s arm as he dragged her through the raucous crowd in the bar.&nbsp; The girl sobbed uncontrollably as innumerable hands reached out and molested her, pinching and tugging on her large breasts, fingering her smoothly shaven pussy trying to penetrate her as she moved past.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I dragged the Asian girl through the throngs of drunken men by her hair, keeping in-line behind Jim.&nbsp; I tugged hard on her long black locks making her screech in discomfort, and humiliation, as she moved through the unkempt masses.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see the smile on the bouncer&#8217;s face as he saw Carrie in tow.&nbsp; He unlocked the door to the office without a word and waived us through.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Boys, good to see you again.&nbsp; Mack didn&#8217;t bother to get up from his oversized recliner as Jim and I dragged the naked girls into the back rooms.&nbsp; Mack snapped his fingers and the girl squatting naked by his side scurried away, happy to be away from the huge, fat, man.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Stupid little tramp.&nbsp; Mack glared at the girl who now squatted in the corner of the room, tears dribbled down her cheeks, cum was streaked through her hair and was caked around her lips.&nbsp; She was pretty and blonde, with long straight hair.&nbsp; She was perhaps 5&#8217;5 with good sized breasts.&nbsp; Her nipples were pink and hard and jiggled as she sobbed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do you have for me boys.&nbsp; Mack&#8217;s eyes were locked on Carrie, she looked pretty much the same as she had when Jim and I had taken her with us, perhaps she had dropped a few pounds and her muscle tone was slightly better, but for the most part she looked the same physically, though I knew he would be pleased with her new found obedience.&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s nipples were rock hard, her eyes were moist from the humiliation of passing naked through the bar, but I also knew her pussy was sopping wet from the fear and anticipation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So you brought my little whore back to me.&nbsp; I hope that she&#8217;s learned something.&nbsp; Jim pushed Carrie to the floor, she hesitated for an instant, staring up at Jim for support, then when he snapped his fingers, fell to her knees and scurried toward Mack, getting on her haunches before him, bringing her hands up to her chin like a dog.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, this stupid cunt is here to serve you.&nbsp; May I suck your glorious cock Sir.&nbsp; Carrie extended her tongue, her breasts trembled as she squatted on her heels.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good start cunt, now get my dick in your mouth!&nbsp; I could see the way Carrie&#8217;s body trembled as she inched forward, her hands were shaking as she eased the fat man&#8217;s cock out of his pants.&nbsp; She extended her moist tongue and started lapping Mack&#8217;s soft prick.&nbsp; Slowly his cock started to grow as the scared girl moved her tongue over the length of his shaft.&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s hair spread out over his portly thighs as she took his hairy balls between her lips.&nbsp; I heard the obese man groan as she sucked his testicles between her lips and started caressing them with her tongue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She continued to suck on Mack&#8217;s balls for a few minutes before she took his cock in her throat and tried to swallow him down.&nbsp; I heard her gag and choke as she forced her lips around the base of his shaft and buried his nose into his groin.&nbsp; She yelped as the fat man grasped the back of her head and held her down on his prick, but she&#8217;d been trained well enough to keep him in her mouth without fighting.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good start.&nbsp; Carrie gasped as Mack let go of her head and let her breathe, slowly she started moving her head up and down over the thick, long, pole.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t want to cum yet cunt.&nbsp; Mack grabbed the back of Carrie&#8217;s head and lifted her off his cock.&nbsp; Strings of salvia trailed from her lip to his prick as she stared up at him nervously.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess you&#8217;ve learned a few tricks in your time with the boys, haven&#8217;t you cunt.&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s body trembled, her breasts quivered and I thought she was going to recoil as Mack reached out and ran his fingers over her cheek.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to have to try out that little snatch of yours pretty soon, we&#8217;ll see if you&#8217;ve learned how to please a man, but I&#8217;ve got business to take care of first.&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s breasts shuddered as she knelt nervously before the fat man.&nbsp; I could almost see her mind racing, wondering what to do as she whispered to the man that owned her once again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thanks you for letting this useless cunt suck your cock Master, may I please kiss it and put it back in your pants, sir?&nbsp; Carrie spoke the words without having her voice crack and break-up too much, I was proud of her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes slut.&nbsp; I could see the pleased smile on Mack&#8217;s face as the girl leaned forward and gently kissed the head of his cock, she then eased the thick shaft back in the folds of his clothes then sat back on her haunches.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack snapped his finger and one of the huge guards stepped forward.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You and the boys take the cunt and test her out, see if she&#8217;s learned anything.&nbsp; I could see the instant shock and revulsion in Carrie&#8217;s eyes as she started to shake, the thick meaty hand of the guard was up under her arm lifting her up to her feet in an instant.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As the massive guard was leading Carrie away the fat man screamed at him as he moved away.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Save her pussy for me, I want to see how her snatch is!&nbsp; I could hear the girl sobbing as she was led out of the back room.&nbsp; In an instant I saw her on one of the video screens on the wall, she was on her knees surrounded by guards, one was already fucking her ass while another was using her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack screeched at the girl still squatting in the corner of the room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get me a drink bitch, and one of those magic blue pills.&nbsp; The corpulent man roared in laughter as he watched the girl race away.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want to be ready when I take that little whore.&nbsp; Mack looked over at Jim and I.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It looks like you did a good job with her.&nbsp; I looked up at the screen, two other guards had taken the place of the first two and Carrie was being fucked from both ends.&nbsp; I could almost imagine how she cried as the men used her brutally.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So I guess you want your dirty slut back?&nbsp; Mack looked blindly around the room before locking his eyes on the screens in front of him.&nbsp; They showed every inch of the bar, from the stage to the backrooms where his girls&#8217; were bringing in all his money, but his gaze seemed to be fixed on Carrie being double-teamed in an adjoining room by his guards.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll be sorry to see her go, that&#8217;s for sure, she puts on a good show, but I can understand how you&#8217;d want her back, and, well, it seems like you&#8217;ve done wonders with that little bitch Carrie.&nbsp; The girl shuffled across the room and fell to her knees in front of Mack, she handed him a glass of whiskey with trembling hands, then held out the small blue pill for him to take.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe you could learn something from Carrie bitch.&nbsp; Mack put the pill on his tongue and downed the amber glass of liquid with one quick swig.&nbsp; He grabbed the girl by the hair and pulled her to him, he buried his tongue down her throat and kissed her harshly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get me another drink cunt!&nbsp; He shoved the girl away and she scurried away in search of his drink.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe I&#8217;ll send that cunt along with you too, she&#8217;s a pretty little tramp, but has a lot to learn.&nbsp; Mack looked up at the screen, Carrie was collapsed in a heap on the ground.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was quick, wonder how many cocks she just had.&nbsp; Mack looked over at me and Cumsocket.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You can keep that bitch if you want, give me $500 for her and we&#8217;re even, she&#8217;s pretty enough, but I ain&#8217;t got no use for Asian pussy around her, it&#8217;s not very popular, my boys like her, but not the customers.&nbsp; Mack paused, his eyes were fixed on the screen.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If you don&#8217;t want her I&#8217;ll ship her to a whorehouse in Mexico, they might be able to get some work out of her, till she&#8217;s worn out.&nbsp; I could feel the Asian girl&#8217;s body shaking in my grasp.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think you&#8217;re other slut is on stage as we speak.&nbsp; Mack took hold of the large remote on the side table and pushed a few buttons, the massive screen in the center of the wall switched on and Tara was squatting down, almost on her knees on stage at the end of the bar, you could almost see the tears in her eyes as she looked back at the large beast that approached her from behind.&nbsp; The thick, round, stainless steel ring in her nose gleamed and sparkled under the bright stage lights, a chain through the ring ran to a hook in the floor keeping her head down low.&nbsp; She slapped her ass reluctantly trying to encourage the large dog to mount her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took some training, but the cunt has learned she&#8217;s just a little bitch dog.&nbsp; The girl returned with another glass of whiskey which Mack downed in a heartbeat.&nbsp; He snapped his fingers and the girl instantly worked his cock out of his pants.&nbsp; She gagged loudly as Mack grabbed for the back of her head and forced her lips around the base of his cock making her choke.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The little whore still likes to fight though, you&#8217;ll see, just watch.&nbsp; Mack grinned sadistically as he held the girl sucking his cock down.&nbsp; I could see her struggling, trying to lift up off Mack&#8217;s thick shaft, the muscles of her back convulsed as she fought to breathe with the dick buried in her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The audio was being pumped through Mack&#8217;s office and Tara let out a squeal of pain as the dog&#8217;s paws circled her back and his long, thick, red doggy cock plunged in her aching pussy in a single brutal thrust.&nbsp; I could hear the roar of the bar as the dog got to work.&nbsp; Instantly the large beast started bucking, ramming his massive prick deep in Tara&#8217;s belly.&nbsp; The dog&#8217;s huge paws circled Tara&#8217;s waist and clamped around her torso as he pounded into her sex with his enormous erection.&nbsp; The roar of the crowd echoed through the speakers as Mack rammed his cock down the girl&#8217;s throat making her choke and gag as she desperately tried to lift off his prick.&nbsp; Jim snapped his fingers and Cumsocket fell to her knees between his thighs, with practiced efficiency she eased his dick out of his pants and started lapping her tongue over his balls, her smooth, black hair cascaded over his skin as she licked his growing cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see the dog panting in Tara&#8217;s ear, thick lines of drool ran in streaks into her hair.&nbsp; I could see she desperately wanted to crawl away but the dog held her firm as he rutted her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara bucked in rhythm with the dog as his thick knot locked into her pussy, her body jerked in time with the massive brute as his hips slammed into hers over and over again.&nbsp; I knew dogs could go for a long time before they finally blew there load, but it seemed to last forever, I almost felt bad for the girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara was sobbing as the large dog held her tight, the camera moved in close and the tears were clearly visible streaking down her cheeks and plopping on the stage.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The camera panned back out and you could see the dog&#8217;s large prick pulsing in her pussy, as what seemed like gallons of doggy cum finally flooded her overstretched snatch.&nbsp; She let out a squeal of pain as the dog&#8217;s huge knot slipped free from her cunt with an audible pop.&nbsp; Tara paused for an instant, cum gushed from her gaping, abused, pussy as her face contorted in pain.&nbsp; She looked at the camera in desperation, then scurried obediently after the dog, finally catching up to him as the chain tugged on her nose ring.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The little bitch took a while to learn, but I think she&#8217;s finally getting it.&nbsp; Mack tugged on the girl&#8217;s hair between his thighs and arched her head back.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to be a doggy girl too?&nbsp; He laughed at the girl as the fear filled her eyes, he slapped her hard across the cheek and he forced her lips back around the base of his thick shaft.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara managed to take the still pulsing, long, thick, pulsing doggy cock in her mouth.&nbsp; There was an audible roar from the watching crowd as Tara sucked down the slimy doggy cum.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The emcee climbed on stage as the huge dog strutted away in his glory, his massive cock still engorged and jutting under his body.&nbsp; Tara was sobbing, sitting on her ass, the chain attached to her nose ring running over her chest as the man spoke on-stage.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Does anybody want to see our sweet Tara with another of her furry friends?&nbsp; The crowd started chanting.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;DOGGY BITCH, DOGGY BITCH!!!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I watched fixated as another mammoth beast ambled on-stage, his prick was already erect and the knot seemed to be visibly growing with each second.&nbsp; I heard Jim grunt as he held tight to the back of the Asian girl&#8217;s head and pumped his sperm down her throat.&nbsp; I could hear her gag as she tried to swallow down the load while her hands cupped his ass.&nbsp; I got the feeling she was trying to perform her best, I know she didn&#8217;t want to be left with Mack.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear Tara crying through the speakers as she got up on her hands and knees waiting for the new dog to mount her.&nbsp; She let out a screech as the dog climbed on her back and his cock slammed into her pussy and he started rutting her instantly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack grabbed the girl who was sucking his cock by the hair and pulled her lips off his shaft.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get out of here cunt!&nbsp; He slapped her hard across the face and she scampered away.&nbsp; He didn&#8217;t bother hiding his erection.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, you boys want that bitch back.&nbsp; The Asian girl gently eased Jim&#8217;s cock back into his pants as he watched enthralled Tara getting fucked by the huge doggy on-stage.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wouldn&#8217;t think you&#8217;d want that girl back, not after all the dogs she&#8217;s fucked.&nbsp; Tara bucked along with the massive dog as it road her brutally, her hips jerked in time with the panting, grunting, dog.&nbsp; The crowd roared its approval as her tits bounced and her nipples scraped the floor as the enormous animal used her viciously.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is the best part.&nbsp; Mack grinned as the dog&#8217;s hips ground to a halt and the camera moved in for a close-up, the beast&#8217;s balls started twitching and I could see the doggy sperm flooding Tara&#8217;s pussy, gushing around the invading dog&#8217;s prick as it growled in her ear.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t you love seeing a useless whore used like that.&nbsp; Mack roared as Tara&#8217;s body bucked in pain, jerking forward as the dog&#8217;s gigantic knot was still locked in her snatch, flooding her belly with its canine sperm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The crowd roared as Tara groaned on-stage, her body shuddering as the dog finally stopped pumping its massive load in her over-stretched cunt.&nbsp; She started squealing in pain as the beast tried to tug its still engorged knot from her slit.&nbsp; She let out a shriek of pain when the bulbous shaft finally popped from her abused pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The crowd howled in delight as Tara&#8217;s thighs shuddered in exhaustion, the ring in her nose still tethered to the chain as the dog strutted proudly around the stage.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, I&#8217;ll be sad to see her go.&nbsp; Mack flipped off the monitor and snapped his fingers, instantly one of the guards disappeared from the room, a few minutes later he dragged Tara in on her hands and knees, pulling her along behind him on a chain locked to the ring in her nose.&nbsp; Doggy cum was still dripping out of her gaping pussy as she shuffled along the floor in obvious discomfort.&nbsp; Her eyes went wide as she looked up and saw Jim and I standing there watching her crawl on the floor.&nbsp; The rings on the thick black collar around her neck clanged as she came to a stop at Mack&#8217;s feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see the tears running down Tara&#8217;s cheek as Mack snapped his fingers together and she scurried forward instantly, she gently kissed his hard cock, then bent down and started lapping his boots with her tongue till the huge pig of a man smacked his thigh with his palm.&nbsp; She reacted instantly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master for letting me be your bitch and have the pleasure of fucking your dogs.&nbsp; Tara got up on her haunches with her hands behind her head.&nbsp; The rings piercing her body gleamed in the bright lights.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, it looks like your old owners might be interested in having you back, though, I showed you performing on-stage tonight, so I&#8217;m not sure if they want a dirty cunt like you anymore.&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s face went flush with shame and I could see the fear in her eyes thinking about being left in at the bar forever.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you go have a talk. I&#8217;ve got to take care of this.&nbsp; Mack smiled as he stroked his cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want to see how well you&#8217;ve trained that cunt Carrie.&nbsp; Jim grabbed the lead still attached to Tara&#8217;s nose ring and tugged it brutally, making the girl screech in pain.&nbsp; I grabbed Cumsocket by the arm and dragged her behind Jim and the crawling girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the guards led us to a room just down the hall and shut the door behind us.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on the table cunt and play with yourself bitch.&nbsp; Tara climbed on the table and spread her legs wide, I could see her trembling in fear as I pushed the Asian girl to the floor at my feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tell me slut, do you cum when the dogs are fucking you?&nbsp; The tears were running down Tara&#8217;s cheek as she rubbed her pussy furiously.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sometimes Master.&nbsp; The words were barely audible as Tara hung her head low in shame.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you like a thick doggy knot in your snatch?&nbsp; She was stroking her clit, rubbing it between her fingers as she sobbed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No.&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s labia were swollen and red as she sat back on the table and masturbated, though I know she wasn&#8217;t getting any pleasure out of it.&nbsp; Doggy cum dribbled out of her over-stretched pussy. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, I&#8217;ll do anything, I&#8217;ll be good, please, please, just take me away from here.&nbsp; Jim leaned forward and grabbed her by the hair, drool was caked and drying in her long locks.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What if I want you to fuck my dog bitch?&nbsp; Tara whimpered in pain as he arched her head back and stared down in her eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Will you lick my ass every morning, swallow my piss like a good little whore?&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s body was shaking as she continued to rub her clit hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, please&nbsp; Her voice faded off in desperation and hopelessness as she looked up into his eyes. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t know cunt?&nbsp; Jim let go of her head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, I&#8217;ll do anything.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim was hamming it up, torturing the girl.&nbsp; He walked away from Tara for effect, I could hear her moaning as she rubbed her pussy like a demon, her legs jerked in and out.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, I do like that cunt of yours, I guess I&#8217;ll take you back you dirty cunt.&nbsp; Jim turned back toward the girl as she plunged her fingers in her gaping pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master, thank you!&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s face was flush with effort and humiliation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your knees bitch!&nbsp; Tara fell to the floor with a thud, her legs were quivering with exhaustion and a combination of her juices and the doggy cum ran down her inner thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim dragged Tara back into Mack&#8217;s office.&nbsp; The huge fat man wasn&#8217;t there, but I could see him on the screen, brutally fucking Carrie as she squealed underneath him in the adjoining room.&nbsp; Her legs were spread wide and pinned under the enormous pile of flesh.&nbsp; I could hear her grunting in pain as he pounded his cock deep in her belly, crushing her under his weight with each vicious thrust of his hips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Suddenly his body jerked violently and Carrie wrapped her legs around his back, locking her ankles together.&nbsp; I could hear the fat man bellow in lust as he spent his load in the girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I watched fixated on the scene playing out on the huge monitors as Mack continued to jerk his hips slowly into the girl, making her groan in pain as he drained his cock in her tight, quivering pussy.&nbsp; Her sharp little cries of discomfort were clearly audible through the speakers as the huge slob of a man growled as he bucked his hips forward, impaling his prick deep in the pinned girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a few minutes the fat man rolled off the girl, his cock still erect.&nbsp; Carrie scampered to her knees and climbed between his massive thighs, instantly she started lapping his shaft clean as she massaged his balls with her delicate fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack waddled back into his office and fell in a heap into his chair a few minutes later, sweat was pouring down his face and his hairy chest was matted and soaking wet as he closed his robe.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you did a number on that slut, she damn near hurt my cock she was squeezing me so tight, and those tits, god I love those tits.&nbsp; I loved the way you trained her to scrape those nipples against my chest.&nbsp; Mack snapped his fingers and the girl squatting in the corner scurried to his side.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get me a towel cunt.&nbsp; The girl raced away, returning in an instant she climbed in his lap and started wiping his brow with the soft rag.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, do you want your bitch back then? Mack thrust a finger in the girl&#8217;s pussy, making her squeal in shock, but she never stopped rubbing the soft cloth over his corpulent face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim snapped the lead taut, making Tara winch in pain as he pulled her forward and kneel in obedience in front of the fat man.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, I&#8217;m going to take her.&nbsp; Mack smiled as Jim kept the tension up on the chain attached to Tara&#8217;s nipples and stretched them painfully.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you&#8217;re happy to be getting away from me, aren&#8217;t you bitch?&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s whole body was trembling in fear as she stared up at the sadistic man.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you going to take the Asian cunt too?&nbsp; Mack looked over at me.&nbsp; I reached in my pocket and started pulling a wad of bills out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ah, screw the money, just take her, I don&#8217;t want the useless whore anyway.&nbsp; Mack locked his mouth on the girl&#8217;s breast as she dried his face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s nice doing business with you boys, I might send this cunt along for some training, eventually.&nbsp; Mack opened the folds of his robe exposing his still hard cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees cunt!&nbsp; He smacked the girl across the face and she hurried off his lap, falling to her knees between his legs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those pills are amazing.&nbsp; He pushed the girl&#8217;s mouth around his cock forcing her to deep throat him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to miss you bitch.&nbsp; Mack reached out and tapped Tara on the head as the girl between his thighs sucked his raging prick desperately.&nbsp; I could hear her slurping his cock as she tried in earnest to please him, I knew she was terrified of the man that now owned her, and could make and absolute hell out of her life.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just as we were about to walk out the door, Mack hollered at us.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Boys, mind if I give her one last treat before you take her away.&nbsp; Tara started trembling we all turned and looked back at the fat man, he snapped his fingers and one of the guards dragged a huge rottweiler in on a leash.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is her first, I&#8217;m sure she&#8217;s going to miss him, and I&#8217;m sure she&#8217;d like one last fuck to remember him by.&nbsp; The dog started barking and pulling hard on the leash, it took all the guards strength to hold the beast back.&nbsp; I could see his prick starting to grow as he snapped in the air, sending drool flying.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No Master, please.&nbsp; Tara got on her haunches and wrapped her arms around Jim&#8217;s waist begging desperately.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;NO, PLEASE!&nbsp; Jim hesitated for a second, then smiled sadistically down at the girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wouldn&#8217;t want you to forget your first baby.&nbsp; Jim smirked at the girl as he pulled hard on the lead stretching her nipples cruelly as the dog tugged against his handler across the room, howling like a wolf.&nbsp; Tara couldn&#8217;t hold back the tears and was blubbering like a child.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, please, no!&nbsp; Jim smacked Tara hard across the face sending her head jerking back, she stared up at him in shock at the violence of the blow.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re just a useless doggy bitch now!&nbsp; Tara cowered back as Jim raised his hand again, but he didn&#8217;t hit her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You know what to do cunt.&nbsp; Tara was sobbing as she bent forward, lifting her ass in the air, spreading her legs wide and placing her elbows on the floor.&nbsp; She was crying frantically as she reluctantly wiggled her butt side-to-side, trying to entice the dog, not that it needed any encouragement.&nbsp; The instant the guard let go of the leash, the massive dog raced to where Tara knelt and wrapped his muscular forepaws around her waist.&nbsp; Its teeth were barred and the animal growled with lust as its hips bucked forward, trying to bury its growing prick deep in the folds of her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara shrieked in pain as dog penetrated her, slamming its long, engorged, cock deep in her belly.&nbsp; She tried to get to her feet but the dog held her firm, its thick paws were wrapped around her waist and held her pinned to the floor as it started to rut her brutally, pushing her around the room on her knees like a rag doll.&nbsp; She was howling in pain and degradation as the beast fucked her like a bitch in heat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack grabbed the back of the girl&#8217;s head between his thighs and pulled her head off his cock.&nbsp; Her face was flush with the effort of sucking his prick and lines of saliva trailed from her lips to his prick as he viciously turned her head and forced her to look at Tara&#8217;s doggy rape.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to feel that dog&#8217;s prick up your little cunt?&nbsp; The girl winced in pain as he arched her head painfully to the side.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unless you&#8217;re an obedient little bitch I&#8217;m going to send you down into the breeding pens to keep the dogs busy.&nbsp; Tara was moaning, grunting in time with each of the dog&#8217;s brutal thrusts, it&#8217;s powerfully built thighs slammed into her hips and ass over and over again, jerking her frame forward with the frantic pace of the fucking.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the guards dragged Carrie in from the other room.&nbsp; Her eyes went wide and her face went pale with shock as she was pulled into the room and saw Tara getting doggy fucked on the floor.&nbsp; Her hair was stringy with sweat and I could see her pussy was red and swollen.&nbsp; Lines of cum seeped from her ass and sperm was plastered on her pretty face and caked on her lips.&nbsp; The guard forced her to her knees at Mack&#8217;s side as the girl between his legs sucked his cock in a frenzy of effort.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dog howled and its legs came off the ground as it came in a monumental orgasm, animal cum flooded Tara&#8217;s pussy as she wailed in humiliation as the canine&#8217;s balls pumped what seemed like gallons of sperm deep in her tortured belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack hollered in unison as he clamped his hands on the back of the girl&#8217;s head between his thigh&#8217;s and spurt his load down her gullet.&nbsp; I could see the way the girl struggled desperately to pull up off his cock, but he held her lips wrapped around the base of his shaft till he grunted in pleasure as he squirted the last few drops of cum down her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God those pills are amazing!&nbsp; Mack finally let go of the girl&#8217;s head sucking his cock and let her up for air.&nbsp; Tara yelped in pain as the big dog tried to pull the massive knot out of her abused pussy.&nbsp; The dog tugged and tugged till it finally burst from her puffy cunt lips and she collapsed in a blubbering heap on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mack smacked the blonde girl across the face as a small trickle of semen dribbled down her chin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get out of her cunt.&nbsp; The girl slid from between his thighs and tried to sneak across the room till she safely squatted in the corner.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess it&#8217;s time for you boys to get your bitch home.&nbsp; Mack laughed and ran his hand through Carrie&#8217;s locks as Tara cried hysterically on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you need a tarp or anything to keep your truck clean?&nbsp; Carrie opened her mouth and let Mack plunge his finger between her lips and press down on her tongue, making her reflexively gag.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, I think we&#8217;re set.&nbsp; Jim tugged on the lead still attached to Tara&#8217;s tits and dragged her to her feet.&nbsp; Doggy cum flowed down her inner thighs as she staggered on weary legs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was nice doing business with you boys.&nbsp; Bring her around anytime, I&#8217;m sure the dogs would be glad to have her back for a visit.&nbsp; Mack forced two more fingers in between Carrie&#8217;s lips and made her spread her jaws impossibly wide as he started to fuck her mouth with his hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I snuck out the back-door of the bar with Tara and Cumsocket in tow.&nbsp; It&#8217;d been a long day.&nbsp; 

To Be Continued
Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com










Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
By
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Three
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My legs were tired from the long day as I climbed the stairs from the basement, I could still feel the adrenaline pumping through my veins and the sheen of perspiration covering my skin after taking out my frustrations on my slut&#8217;s.&nbsp; My palm was burning from spanking Monique and the Asian girl raw.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;d left them mounted in the dog kennels; both on their knees, ankles pulled up in the air tethered by ropes to rings in the ceiling, making sure their feet were spread wide as they balanced precariously with their arms pulled behind their backs and the cuffs locked together.&nbsp; A double-ended dildo was jammed in their mouths between them so they were forced to look each other straight in the eyes, nostril hooks were buried in their noses, the cords wrapped around each other&#8217;s foreheads so they couldn&#8217;t move apart. Weighted clamps hung from their nipples and clits as they wept in fuck toy hell.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t wait till morning when I&#8217;d take the cruel metal clamps off and hear the girls wail as the blood flooded back into their sensitive flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I reached the top of the steps I stopped and listened to the glorious sound of the two girls moaning in pain and discomfort down below, it sent a shudder through my cock as I turned off the lights and left them alone in the dank dungeon, savoring the last sounds of their whimpering before the heavy door slammed shut.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was seated at the table as I walked into the kitchen, she had on the cutest white cotton print nightgown and looked absolutely precious in the floral pattern with pink bows in her hair.&nbsp; Her long locks were done in pigtails and she was sucking on a pacifier with mounds of coloring-books spread out in front of her on the table.&nbsp; She had on the most adorable little ankle socks with more little pink bows around the lacey elastic tops.&nbsp; 
I couldn&#8217;t help patting her on the head as I stood beside her at the table.&nbsp; I ran my hand over the frilly straps of the nightgown, the smooth skin of her shoulders was peppered with delightful little birth marks.&nbsp; 
Her hand shook slightly as I reached under the soft fabric and found her nipple, gently I cupped her breast as she tried to keep the crayon inside the lines of the picture she was working on, all while her little bud got harder and harder under my touch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s a very pretty picture baby.&nbsp; I slipped a stray hair out of her eyes after letting go of her breast.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you go to bed honey, Daddy&#8217;s going to watch TV for a little while, then I&#8217;ll be there to tuck you in.&nbsp; Emily carefully put the crayon she was using back in the box, it was the large box, I didn&#8217;t want my baby to have less than she deserved.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She sucked on the pacifier as I moved behind her chair and grasped her up under her arms.&nbsp; Lifting her to her feet I heard her groan as the large rubber dildo mounted to the chair slipped from her pussy.&nbsp; The long shaft glistened in the light as it jiggled side-to-side as she smoothed down her gown.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I stood back and adored my precious little angel as she stood with her hands by her side, her hard nipples now visible through the thin cotton fabric.&nbsp; She looked so cute as she stood there in front of me, she looked so much younger than she was.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re so pretty baby.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can I go to bed now Daddy?&nbsp; She gave me a little pouty look.
Yes princess.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t forget your sippy cup, or Pooh.&nbsp; Emily grabbed the plastic cup and stuffed bear off the table.&nbsp; I could see the embarrassment in her eyes, but I&#8217;m sure she much preferred playing the little baby-doll role over the suffering Monique and Cumsocket had endured.&nbsp; I know she heard their screaming from the open basement door when I&#8217;d whipped and spanked them for the previous two hours.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily&#8217;s started to shuffle away, her little stocking feet slipping across the floor as she headed toward her room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t forget your little bunny.&nbsp; I picked up the bright pink vibrator from the counter and handed it to my little girl.&nbsp; I want you to be ready for Daddy when I get in there, but don&#8217;t forget, you&#8217;re not allowed to cum without permission, don&#8217;t be a bad girl, or I&#8217;ll have to spank you.&nbsp; I grinned cruelly at the girl, and my dick twitched as she moved down the hall away from me.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I made up a long-island and grabbed some chips before I went to watch a little hockey.&nbsp; I must have fallen asleep because the game was over and the news was on when I came too.&nbsp; I took the last gulp of my drink and slowly eased myself out of the recliner.&nbsp; My joints cracked as I got to my feet and I could feel the tingle in my prick growing as I started for my little girl&#8217;s bedroom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see Emily on the bed with her legs spread wide, almost over the edge of the small little mattress.&nbsp; Her knees were up slightly and I could see her hands moving between her thighs.&nbsp; 
There was a Hello Kitty night light in the corner which illuminated the room enough for to see my pretty little girl.&nbsp; The room was pink and frilly, stuffed animals and little dolls were everywhere, it was the perfect room for my little princess. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I moved to the side of the bed, I could see Emily&#8217;s eyes staring up at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready for Daddy baby?&nbsp; Emily had the little pink bunny vibrator pressed against her clit as I lifted the Barbie covers from her body, the hem of her cotton nightgown was up over her belly and two fingers of her free hand were buried in the engorged folds of her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy, why did you take so long?&nbsp; The mattress sunk as I climbed between Emily&#8217;s spread thighs.&nbsp; She moaned as I pulled her hands away from her pussy and pinned them over her head, letting my weight down upon her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re nice and wet for Daddy, aren&#8217;t you baby?&nbsp; I locked my mouth on hers and buried my tongue between her lips.&nbsp; I could feel her body wiggle under me as I slid my cock in her wet, quivering, pussy easily.&nbsp; Her legs were opened wide for me and I could feel her inner thighs against my hips as I slowly started jerking my prick into her belly.&nbsp; At first I was gentle, but soon, the allure of my little baby was too much and I started pumping my cock into her brutally, ramming my hips down, my balls smacking against her ass making her body bounce up off the bed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby!&nbsp; I leaned down and started lapping my tongue over her ear lobe, my hot breath against her flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby, you like Daddy&#8217;s cock in your pussy, don&#8217;t you honey?&nbsp; I could hear her breathing harder and harder as she lifted her legs and wrapped them around my hips while I buried my prick in her tight cunt faster and faster. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy, can I cum, please.&nbsp; The small bed creaked as I drove my hips down, pounding my cock into her tight little pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy, pllllleeeeeassseee!!!&nbsp; I could feel her arms wrap around my shoulders and she locked her ankles together behind my back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PPPLLLLLEEEEEEAAAAASSSSEEEE DADDY!&nbsp; I grunted and slammed down into her pussy hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby, Daddy&#8217;s going to fill you with this cum!&nbsp; I threw my head back and bellowed, her thighs closed tight on my hips and she bucked along with me as I drove her into the creaking bed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy, can I cum, please!!!&nbsp; Emily whined out in exasperation as I impaled my cock into her snatch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cum for me baby!&nbsp; Cum for Daddy!&nbsp; Emily shrieked with lust as I slammed my prick to the hilt in her pussy, my balls slapped against her ass as we both started to orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed for her hair and pulled her head back thrusting my tongue down her throat as my balls jerked and spasmed in her belly, shooting my hot sperm into Emily&#8217;s needy cunt.&nbsp; I could feel her body exploding under me, the muscles of her stomach trembling violently as she came in a monumental orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; I collapsed exhausted on my little baby, her arms and legs still wrapped around my body after we&#8217;d both cum hard.&nbsp; My muscles were twitching, throbbing, after the glorious release.&nbsp; I could feel the cotton of her nightgown against my chest as my nose was buried in her sweet smelling hair.&nbsp; The tight sheath of her pussy still gripped me tight and I could feel her vaginal muscles still convulsing and contracting around my prick, milking every last drop of sperm from my shaft.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it princess.&nbsp; I could hear her breathing hard, her moist, hot, breath against my neck as I lay atop her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a few minutes I rolled off the girl, there was barely enough room for the both of us on the small bed.&nbsp; I laid on my back for a few seconds, enjoying the magnificent feeling in my prick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean Daddy&#8217;s cock baby.&nbsp; Emily got up on her hands and knees and crawled between my thighs, her hair fell over my skin and I could I could see her sweet face looking up at me as she cupped my balls in her soft little hands and started lapping her tongue over the length of my prick.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but groan as she gently ran her moist tongue over my shaft, licking the combination of my cum, and her juices, off me while gently massaging my balls in the palms of her hand.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tastes good baby, doesn&#8217;t it.&nbsp; Emily took the head of my cock between her lips and sucked on me while letting her tongue dart over the tip of my prick inside her mouth, keeping her eyes locked on mine the whole time.&nbsp; I loved the feel of her moist tongue on my prick, licking the cum, and pussy juices from my still throbbing cock.
Lick Daddy&#8217;s ass baby.&nbsp; I could see the instant revulsion in her eyes as she took her mouth off my prick.
No Daddy, please.&nbsp; I smacked her across the cheek.
I said lick Daddy&#8217;s ass!
No Daddy, I, please
I&#8217;m going to have to punish you in the morning, but now, I said lick my ass!&nbsp; I grabbed her cute pigtails and forced her head down till her face was buried between my thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said lick my ass slut!&nbsp; I could hear her whimper as I felt her nose press against my skin and her tongue reluctantly started moving between the crack of my ass.&nbsp; I could feel it darting over the puckered anus.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby, lick my ass.&nbsp; I could hear her groaning in displeasure as I pulled hard on her hair, forcing her tongue inside the rim of my sphincter.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh shit that feels good baby!&nbsp; Emily whimpered piteously as I held firm to her hair, savoring the feel of her moist tongue lapping my flesh.&nbsp; I held her there, licking away, for a good five minutes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby, Daddy&#8217;s ready to sleep.&nbsp; I snapped my fingers and Emily squeezed into the bed next to me.&nbsp; I slipped the shoulder strap of her gown down over her arm, exposing her puffy nipple.&nbsp; I heard her moan as I took the lovely little bud in my mouth and started sucking on her breast, my head was up against her flesh like a pillow as I faded off to sleep. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I woke up totally refreshed, I could feel Emily&#8217;s long, soft hair spread on my chest with her arm around me.&nbsp; I gently nudged the girl out of her slumber, her gown was still pulled off her shoulder and her breast was exposed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy&#8217;s got to pee.&nbsp; I eased off the bed, Emily quickly followed and crawled on the floor behind me to the bathroom.&nbsp; With her soft hands she gently eased my prick out of my boxers and held the shaft in her palms.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby.&nbsp; I patted her on the head as I started to piss.&nbsp; I loved the feel of the girl&#8217;s smooth fingers wrapped around my penis as I urinated.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOOOOOHHHHHH!&nbsp; I groaned as I felt the glorious relief of emptying my bladder and the incredible feeling of having my little girl holding my dick, aiming my stream toward the porcelain toilet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as I stopped pissing Emily leaned forward and started licking the head of my penis.&nbsp; I ran my fingers through her hair as she lapped her tongue over the mushroomed head of my cock, keeping her eyes staring up at me the whole time.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy needs to cum.&nbsp; I lifted Emily to her feet and set her on the edge of the sink.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Spread those legs for Daddy baby.&nbsp; Emily opened her thighs wide, planting her feet on the marble with her ass resting on the edge of the countertop.&nbsp; My prick slid easily into her quivering pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God that&#8217;s incredible baby, make Daddy cum in your pussy.&nbsp; I grabbed for Emily&#8217;s hair and arched her head back as her thighs jerked, her cute little ankle socks barely able to keep a footing on the marble as I started fucking her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby!&nbsp; I rammed my tongue down her throat and started kissing her as I bucked my hips against her, burying my dick deep in her throbbing snatch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make Daddy cum baby!&nbsp; Emily was panting, moving her body against mine with every thrust of my cock into her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it honey!&nbsp; She grunted as she jerked her body in time with me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy&#8217;s going to cum!!!&nbsp; Emily squealed as I pulled violently on her hair and buried my shaft in her belly with my balls pressed up against her flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh crap!&nbsp; Emily wrapped her thighs around my ass as my cock exploded in her pussy.&nbsp; I could feel my balls convulsing, pumping hot sperm deep in her belly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; Emily squealed in delight as I pumped my hips hard against her body, draining every last drop of sperm into her pulsing hole.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re incredible baby.&nbsp; I buried my tongue in her throat and twisted it around hers like a snake, loving the feel of her hot breath as she breathed heavily.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I patted her softly on the head, trailing my fingers through her hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Wanta get some breakfast baby?&nbsp; She was still breathing hard, and I feel the moistness in her hair as she slowly unwound her legs from behind my back.&nbsp; My prick slipped easily from her wet pussy and instantly she was on her knees, licking my dick clean as I kept running my fingers through her wet, shimmering, hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Aren&#8217;t you Daddy&#8217;s good little cock-whore.&nbsp; I smiled down at my pretty little girl as she let my prick rest on her forehead and lapped her tongue on my hyper-sensitive balls.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was behind me as I walked back into her bedroom.&nbsp; I opened a candy jar on her desk and grabbed a bright red lollipop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Have some candy baby, you were a good girl, making Daddy cum like that.&nbsp; I ran my hand over her cheek as she put the big red ball between her lips and started sucking on the candy delight.&nbsp; She shuffled quietly behind me as we went into the kitchen.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sit down honey.&nbsp; She sat at one of the large wooden chairs that surrounded the table.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can you still feel Daddy&#8217;s cum in your pussy baby?&nbsp; Demurely, embarrassed, Emily stared up at me, her pretty eyes pouty and moist.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Daddy.&nbsp; The chair screeched on the wooden floor as I pulled it away from the table.&nbsp; I grabbed for Emily&#8217;s ankles and lifted them into the air, the hem of her nightgown lifted and I could see her gorgeous pussy as her ass hung over the edge of the chair.&nbsp; I put her calves up over my shoulders and gently pulled the lollipop from between her lips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tasty, isn&#8217;t it.&nbsp; I brought the ball of sugar to her swollen pussy lips and slowly started working the large candy ball into her snatch.&nbsp; Emily moaned as I buried the lollipop in her pussy and started twisting it inside her tight hole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re just Daddy&#8217;s little cum-slut, aren&#8217;t you baby?&nbsp; Emily moaned as I worked the lollipop in her pussy, thrusting it in and out while twisting it around inside her throbbing snatch.&nbsp; She let out a small shriek as I popped the red ball from her sopping hole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doesn&#8217;t that look tasty baby?&nbsp; I held the glimmering sugar to her lips, it was covered with the slimy mixture of my cum, and her juices.&nbsp; I thrust the candy into her mouth rubbing it against her tongue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tasty, isn&#8217;t it?&nbsp; Emily sucked on the lollipop as I lowered her legs from my shoulders.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Keep playing with your pussy and sucking on your candy while I get breakfast ready honey.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was kneeling on the floor at my feet.&nbsp; The strap of her nightgown was pushed to the side and I was playing with her breast as I watched the game on TV.&nbsp; She softly purred as I pinched her nipple and massaged her soft flesh with my fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy wants to fuck that tight ass of yours baby.&nbsp; Emily looked at me with surprise.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But first you need to be punished for last night.&nbsp; I saw the slightest hint of a tear in her eye as she stared up at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get over my knees, now!&nbsp; Emily jerked back with the suddenness of my words.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now!&nbsp; Emily got to her feet, then collapsed over my legs, her belly over my thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You were a bad girl last night, weren&#8217;t you.&nbsp; I lifted the bottom of her nightgown over her ass and bunched it on her back.&nbsp; Her frame started to tremble as I ran my hand over the silky skin of her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You never talk back to Daddy, understand!&nbsp; Emily just whimpered softly, I could hear her trying to stifle back the tears.
I want you to count it out for me baby.&nbsp; I grabbed her by the hair and arched her head back, twisting to the side so she was looking me in the eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you understand honey, you were a bad girl.&nbsp; I could feel her shaking as I moved my palm over her downy skin.&nbsp; I could feel her muscles tense as I moved my hand over her flesh slowly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;SMACK!&nbsp; I brought my hand down suddenly, and violently, on her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;ONE!&nbsp; Emily cried out, almost shrieking out the word.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;SMACK!&nbsp; I brought my hand down even harder, already her smooth skin was started to grow red.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;TWO Daddy!&nbsp; I could hear her sobbing now, barely able to get out the word through the haze of tears and crying.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;SMACK, SMACK, SMACK!!!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;THREE, FOUR.FIVE!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s body shuddered on my thighs, I tugged hard on her hair arching her upper body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK!!!&nbsp; I brought my palm down brutally on her flesh again and again.&nbsp; Her skin was bright red and her legs were convulsing as she kicked madly, her cute white ankle socks fluttering through the air.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;SIX, SEVEN, EIGHToh my god, stopNINE, TEEEEENNNNNN, PLLLEEEAAAASSSSEEEE!!!!&nbsp; Emily screamed out, desperately trying to keep up with the count as I slapped my hand down on her ass over and over again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was a sobbing mess when I finally stopped beating her with my palm.&nbsp; My hand was stinging, but I&#8217;m sure it felt nothing like her smoldering butt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I twisted Emily&#8217;s head and made her stare into my eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t be a bad girl for Daddy.&nbsp; She squealed as I ran my hand over her burning flesh, the skin was bright red and twitched involuntarily.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your knees, Daddy wants to fuck you tight little asshole!&nbsp; Tears streaked down her cheeks as she tentatively got off my thighs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said get on your knees, bitch-in-heat position, you know what to do, now.&nbsp; I saw the slightest shudder of hesitation go through her body as she fell to the floor on her knees, she bent forward at the waist, putting her elbows on the floor, spreading her legs wide in front of me.&nbsp; She let out a small bleat of pain as I knelt behind her and lifted the hem of her gown into the small of her back.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily let out a small, pathetic, whimper as I ran my fingers over her skin, over her pussy, and then as I started fingering her asshole.
God your tight baby.&nbsp; I grabbed a bottle of lube from the drawer to the side of my chair.
I think we need some of this, don&#8217;t we honey.&nbsp; I poured the gel on my finger and in the crack of her ass.&nbsp; Emily groaned in discomfort as I started working the tip of my finger in her tight little hole.&nbsp; 
God I can&#8217;t wait to get my cock in your ass baby.&nbsp; I tossed the lube on the ground and forced a finger completely in her rectum, twisting it inside her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy, it hurts, stop, please!&nbsp; Emily squealed in pain as I pulled my finger from her tight ring and started forcing the head of my cock in her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy, please stop, I&#8217;ll be a good girl!!!&nbsp; She shrieked as I grabbed for her shoulders and used them as holds, to press more and more of my prick into her nether hole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Daddy!&nbsp; She was still sobbing as I drove my hips forward, impaling inch after inch of my dick inside her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God your tight baby!&nbsp; I could feel the blood pounding through my head as the lust mounted.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t go slowly, I needed to start fucking her ass immediately, I needed to cum inside her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;DDAAAADDDDYYYYY!!!&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t even hear her pleading over the ringing in my ears.&nbsp; I dug my fingers into her flesh like claws and started rutting the girl sadistically, not caring about her pain or discomfort.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;HOOLLLLYYY CCCRRRRAAAPPP!!!&nbsp; I could feel my balls slapping against her flesh as I started using her like and animal.&nbsp; I reached out and grabbed Emily&#8217;s beautiful hair and started pulling on it like a reins.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby!!!&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t even hear Emily&#8217;s frantic wailing, I didn&#8217;t care, I just loved the feel of her tight anal ring clamping down on my cock as I plunged it viciously in her ass over and over again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; I could feel my cock pumping, spasming as cum flooded her tight hole like a river.&nbsp; I had hold of her hips with one hand and was pulling her back on me, impaling my dick completely in her ass as I tugged brutally on her hair with the other, forcing her body back to meet my thrusts.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!!!&nbsp; Emily was sobbing, tears streamed down her cheeks and rolled off her chin plopping on the carpet.&nbsp; My balls were still pumping cum inside her tight little hole, my dick was throbbing so hard I couldn&#8217;t believe it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!&nbsp; I bellowed in absolute lust.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t believe how wonderful Emily&#8217;s tight ass felt gripping my cock.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let go of her hair and collapsed on top of her, I could feel her sobbing beneath me as I slowly ground my hips against her body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was incredible baby.&nbsp; She was crying as I leaned down and whispered in her ear.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doesn&#8217;t Daddy&#8217;s cock feel good in your ass baby.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I moaned as I slowly eased my prick out of Emily&#8217;s ass.&nbsp; My cock was so sensitive and ached from the incredible orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit.&nbsp; Emily cried out in pain as I smacked her hard on her swollen ass.&nbsp; 
That was fucking incredible.&nbsp; She was bent at the waist, her elbows still planted on the ground and her thighs were quivering from the brutal fucking.&nbsp; Her frame was racked with spasms as she blubbered incoherently.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy needs his cock cleaned baby.&nbsp; Emily was sniveling on the ground, she didn&#8217;t move.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said Daddy needs his cock cleaned!&nbsp; Emily shrieked as I smacked my palm down on her burning butt cheeks again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy no, it was in my bottom, please, it&#8217;s dirty!&nbsp; She kept her elbows on the floor but twisted her head back to look at me. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Daddy please, no&nbsp; Her voice trailed off, I think she could see I wasn&#8217;t kidding.&nbsp; She gingerly turn around, I was still kneeling on the ground so she had to get low, reluctantly she cupped my balls in her hand and thrust out her tongue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean Daddy&#8217;s cock!&nbsp; I grabbed her roughly by the back of the head with one hand and up under the chin with the other, she gagged instantly as I forced my prick into her mouth till her nose was against my groin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it baby, can you taste Daddy&#8217;s cum?

------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please, please, I can&#8217;t take anymore, make it stop, make it stop, please!!!&nbsp; Monique moaned desperately as I sat back in my chair with my feet up, she was drooling and frothing at the mouth as she begged frantically.&nbsp; Emily knelt obediently by my side on her haunches with her hands up under her chin like a trusted pet.&nbsp; Her face was glistening in the soft light of the living room, Monique&#8217;s pussy juices covered her lips and my cum was streaked through her hair and plastered to her forehead.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was mounted in the center of the room on a fuck machine.&nbsp; A 15 studded dildo kept ramming in her pussy at about 50 rpm, the shaft pounding into her ass wasn&#8217;t nearly so long, but was thick and worked in rhythm with the dildo driving into her pussy, filling her completely with each brutal thrust.&nbsp; Her breasts were bulging and purple, they were locked in a ratchet-like harness on the fuck machine itself, heavy plastic straps wound around her tits and held her bent down over the frame.&nbsp; Strong bungee cords tugged cruelty down on her nipples while heavily serrated teeth held the clamps in place on her sensitive buds.&nbsp; Her face was held upright by padded steel bars to the side of her head and a thick strap was snugged tight around her forehead keeping her in place.&nbsp; There was a round vibrating head pressing against her clit, buzzing madly, a leather strap pulled tight down over her hips to keep her locked in place so she couldn&#8217;t lift up off the tormenting motor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;GOD, Please, make it stop, please!!!&nbsp; Emily shuddered softly as she stared at her friend enduring the torment of the vibrator and dildos ramming in her holes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard the door to the garage open and then loud clapping of heels on the hardwood floor in the kitchen.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hey buddy.&nbsp; Jim dragged Tara into the living room by a leash attached to the ring in her clit.&nbsp; She was wearing towering heels and nothing else, not that it mattered, nobody would see her but us, Jim had a remote control to open my garage door so he could enter the house without ever being seen.&nbsp; 
She walked awkwardly, trying to take ginger steps while thrusting her pelvis forward, hoping to relieve the strain on the ring in her sex.&nbsp; Jim had had her back from Mack&#8217;s for about two weeks, it had taken her a few days for her to recover from the usage at the club, but she seemed to be in full health now, and particularly compliant, at least for the moment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I see you&#8217;ve decided to let her cum.&nbsp; Jim pulled Tara forward till he was at Monique&#8217;s side, her body jerked in intense sensation as he ran his palm over her back.&nbsp; She was covered with perspiration, the kind of sweat that comes only with hours and hour of exhausting effort and suffering.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, I&#8217;d let her cum once about two weeks ago, but not since, not till today.&nbsp; I put my hand out with my index finger extended and Emily instantly started sucking on it like a tasty lollipop. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your knees bitch.&nbsp; Tara groaned in discomfort as Jim tugged on the lead, stretching her clit agonizingly taut as her knees thudded on the ground.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you two play kissy face for a while.&nbsp; Jim laughed and let the leash handle fall to the floor.&nbsp; Tara dropped to her hands and knees and crawled in front of where Monique was mounted, she didn&#8217;t hesitate to obey and locked her mouth on her friend&#8217;s, burying her tongue between Monique&#8217;s lips as she moaned in discomfort.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finger yourself cunt.&nbsp; Tara kept her lips locked on Monique&#8217;s as she put her hand up between her legs and started playing with her ringed clit, rubbing it hard like her life depended on it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s been on the machine since noon, Emily here was licking her pussy till about a half hour ago.&nbsp; Emily sucked on my finger like she was a needy calf looking for nourishment.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I can see she was busy, and, it looks like she managed to make you cum too, I guess the little slut is good at something.&nbsp; Jim smiled, laughing as he plopped down in the chair next to me and kicked up his feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How was the shop today?&nbsp; Busy?&nbsp; Anything go wrong?&nbsp; Jim started stroking his cock through his pants as he watched Monique and Tara in the middle of the room, distracted, he hesitated before answering me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, no, nothing.&nbsp; I think the boys are a little disappointed though, you haven&#8217;t brought the Asian cunt down there in, what, a week?&nbsp; I think they&#8217;re about to blow, they need to fuck something, it&#8217;s starting to affect their work.&nbsp; Jim snickered as he eased his cock out of his jeans.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Where&#8217;s the little Asian cunt at now by the way?&nbsp; Jim slowly rubbed his prick as he stared lustfully at the girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s down in the basement, I thought she needed some time in the cages.&nbsp; Jim hardly seemed to be paying attention to what I said.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you going to let me fuck your little pet there?&nbsp; Jim nodded towards Emily as she suckled my finger.&nbsp; I could see the nervous look in her eyes as she took a quick, furtive, glance up at my face.&nbsp; I could almost feel her fear building as I paused dramatically.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, no, she&#8217;s my special little girl, I looked down longingly at Emily, her lips were closed around my finger creating a pleasant, tight seal, and I could see the relief in her eyes as I denied Jim the use of her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe I&#8217;ll let her suck your cock later, but why don&#8217;t you fuck Monique now, she&#8217;d probably like a cock in that mouth for a while, I&#8217;m sure she&#8217;d love some cum.&nbsp; I pulled my finger from Emily&#8217;s lips it was moist with her saliva as I dried it with her hair.&nbsp; I could see the fear in her eyes as her body started to tremble.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, don&#8217;t mind if I do.&nbsp; Jim got to his feet, holding his prick in his hand he loomed over Tara and Monique as they kissed each other frantically.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Isn&#8217;t that a pretty sight, two old friends playing kissy face, I bet the boys in your class would love to see you like this.&nbsp; Wouldn&#8217;t all those boys you cock-teased love to see their beloved cheerleaders for the fuck slaves they are now?&nbsp; Jim grabbed hold of Tara&#8217;s leash and tugged her out of the way.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Keep playing with yourself bitch!&nbsp; Tara cowered away from Jim as he fell to his knees in front of Monique, instantly her hand was up between her legs again, rubbing her clit hard as she could while Jim slapped his dick down on top of Monique&#8217;s head.&nbsp; She could only jerk her eyes shut as his prick slapped down on her scalp.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s say we turn the motors up a little bit cunt.&nbsp; Monique let out a moan of despair as Jim turned the dial higher and the pistoning dildos started pounding into her body even faster yet.&nbsp; The buzz of the vibrator buzzing against her clit grew noticeably louder as the muscles of her thighs and hips convulsed as she desperately tried to rise up off the racing motor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;GOOOODDDD, STT---&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s pleading was instantly muffled as Jim grabbed for her ears, using them as holds he rammed his cock between her lips and slammed against the back of her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh shit, that&#8217;s incredible!&nbsp; Jim pulled brutally on Monique&#8217;s ears and started bucking his hips forward, making the girl gag and desperately gasp for breath as he started face fucking her like a madman.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara was squatting behind Jim, her legs spread impossibly wide as she pumped her fingers into her cunt, her nipples were hard as her breasts jiggled enticingly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit, I&#8217;m coming you stupid whore!!!&nbsp; Jim pulled his cock free from Monique&#8217;s mouth and pointed his spasming prick at her face.&nbsp; Huge, thick wads of sperm exploded on her skin, plastering her forehead and hair with his cum.&nbsp; Monique could only groan in humiliation as Jim squeezed the last drops of semen from the head of his cock onto her tongue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You like that, don&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Monique was panting as the thick poles continued to pound into her pussy and ass, the vibrator buzzing against her clit making her orgasm in spite of her degradation.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim grunted in pleasure as he eased his cock back into his pants.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That feels incredible, the way she&#8217;s panting, fuck if it didn&#8217;t make me cum harder.&nbsp; Jim ran his hand through Monique&#8217;s hair, it was soaking wet with sweat, he then moved his finger down to her chin and dabbed the line of sperm that had started dribbling from her lips.&nbsp; He forced the tip of his finger in her mouth, pressing the cum covered digit against her tongue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I need a drink, want anything from the kitchen?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, nothing for me.&nbsp; I sat back in my recliner with my feet up as Tara started kissing Monique again, the brutal pistoning shafts continued to pump into her aching holes and the vibrator buzzed continuously against her clit.&nbsp; I could see the way her body shuddered every so often, knowing that she continued to orgasm, even though I&#8217;m sure she had no desire to anymore.&nbsp; I wondered how many times she&#8217;d cum since I&#8217;d mounted her on the frame, I wondered if she&#8217;d want to again, for days, or even weeks.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim collapsed back into the recliner and started chomping on a bag of chips.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc&#8217;s bringing Tits over later, he said he&#8217;s got something new to show us.&nbsp; Jim rubbed his cock and groaned.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Is there anything on TV?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t know.&nbsp; I tossed him the remote, I could hear Monique moaning as the dildos continued to slam in her pussy and ass, Jim turned up the volume, drowning out the sounds of the suffering girl.&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com











Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
By
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Four

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess I&#8217;d fallen asleep for a little bit, when I woke up Emily was by my side leaning over my lap with her lips wrapped around my cock and Jim was passed out in the other chair as I heard the knocking at the door.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shit!&nbsp; Emily took her lips off my shaft quickly and eased my prick back into my pants, softly, without any direction.&nbsp; She fell to my side and put her hands up behind her neck, thrusting out her breasts and rising on her haunches as I struggled to get out of the big comfortable chair and raced to the front door.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hey Doc.&nbsp; I almost fell back in shock when I opened the door. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t believe what I saw.&nbsp; Jayme was decked out in full pony girl regalia.&nbsp; Her thigh muscles quivered as she towered uneasily on massive heels, her feet were encased in leather and looked like hoofs.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t sure how she could stay upright on the contraptions, but somehow she managed.&nbsp; Black leather straps crisscrossed her body and looped around her massive breasts.&nbsp; Her clit and nipples were adorned with silver bells that clanged ever so softly as she moved.&nbsp; Her face was visible, but the rest of her head was encased in a hood, a frilly tassel projected from the back of it and fluttered in the air.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come on in buddy, how are you doing?&nbsp; I extended a hand to my old friend but never took my eyes off the groaning girl as her thighs trembled on the lofty shoes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good, good, how do you like my pony slut?&nbsp; I reached out and slapped Jayme&#8217;s breast, sending the little bells clanging beautifully.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nice, very nice.&nbsp; Come on in.&nbsp; Doc sauntered past me, tugging the leash clipped to the girl&#8217;s neck collar and dragging her forward.&nbsp; Her heel&#8217;s clapped loudly on the hardwood floor as she took awkward looking steps, she had none of the graceful movements of a pony, yet, though I&#8217;m sure Doc would put her through her paces soon enough.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc let go of Jayme&#8217;s leash and let it fall between her heaving breasts.&nbsp; Jim got to his feet suddenly and went over to the trembling girl, she moaned as he started moving his fingers over her body, trailing his dirty, greasy, nails over her quivering belly and the leather straps that cut across her chest.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I see you&#8217;re keeping your girls&#8217; busy.&nbsp; Doc fell back into one of the large recliners and put his feet up as he looked from Emily to Monique.&nbsp; Monique groaned as she knelt locked in the fuck machine, drool ran in ribbons from her lips and her inner thighs were coated with her own juices after hours of arousal.&nbsp; Jim&#8217;s cum was still plastered in her hair, and on her forehead with her head held upright by the contraption.&nbsp; Thankfully for her, I&#8217;d turned off the machine the constant pounding of the dildos in her pussy and ass had stopped, though her pussy continued to twitch and spasm from the near constant vibrations of the last few hours.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, you were making your bitch cum I see.&nbsp; Doc reached out and touched Emily, who was still kneeling by my chair, as he looked at Monique.&nbsp; I could see the complete fear in my girl&#8217;s eyes as the sadistic man stroked her skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You know, I&#8217;ve got some drugs you can inject in her cunt so she feels it even more.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s body shuddered nervously as Doc touched her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet this one would love it.&nbsp; He grinned maniacally at Emily and eased a stray lock of hair out of her eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The clang of the little bells on Jayme&#8217;s tits rang through the room as Jim slapped the girl&#8217;s massive breasts repeatedly.&nbsp; She stared ahead fixedly, unable to see to her sides with the blinders on the hood and harness, the bit gag between her teeth spread her jaws wide and she swayed side-to-side on the towering heels under the onslaught.&nbsp; Jim traced the leather bands that covered her body with his fingers, pausing over the confluence of her legs where a large butt plug tail was stuffed in her ass, and a pussy dildo was buried in her cunt.&nbsp; He snapped the little bell in her clit making it ring as she squealed in discomfort.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You should see the bitch high-step it in the stables now boys.&nbsp; Doc sat up excitedly in the chair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, shit, you guys have got to try her pussy out, she was getting loose for me so I tightened her snatch, I put some sutures in, now the bitch screams every time you fuck her, you can barely get your cock in her fuck hole anymore it&#8217;s so tight.&nbsp; I sat in my chair listening to Doc ramble on,&nbsp; Emily looked over at me nervously as he reached over and pinched her nipple between his fingers.&nbsp; Jayme gasped as Jim brutally tugged the large dildo from her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And the way she screams.&nbsp; Jim flicked the little bells on Jayme&#8217;s nipples sending the delicate silver decorations in motion.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tell them how you like your new tighter cunt bitch.&nbsp; Jayme whinnied like a horse, shaking her head side-to-side in exasperation as her eyes went moist with tears, the complete and totally fear was visible.&nbsp; 
She screams like a freaking banshee every time I fuck her now.&nbsp; Doc smacked his palm down on Emily&#8217;s breasts over and over again.&nbsp; 
Bet you&#8217;d like a tighter cunt, wouldn&#8217;t you slut.&nbsp; He grabbed for Emily&#8217;s jaw and held her chin between his cruel fingers.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;d love to get my hands on you bitch, I&#8217;d do some wild things with you.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s whole body shuddered, her torso trembled as she started shaking in fear.
HAAAA HAAA.&nbsp; Doc roared in laughter and let go of Emily&#8217;s jaw.&nbsp; 
I guess you&#8217;re lucky cunt, I don&#8217;t think Pat here&#8217;s going to ever let you go.&nbsp; His grin was almost maniacal as he hit his thigh with his hand.&nbsp; 
It would be nice to see some rings in those tits and pussy though, and maybe a big old loop through your septum to leash you up with.&nbsp; I bet you&#8217;d like that, wouldn&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; I could see the utter terror in Emily&#8217;s eyes as Doc looked over to me.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;m thinking about adding some more decorations to my little pony bitch.&nbsp; He sat back in the chair and almost giggled.&nbsp; 
Aren&#8217;t you going to decorate the bitch one of these days Pat, or are you just going to keep her as the innocent looking slut?&nbsp; Emily recoiled in fear as he ran his hand over her chest again.&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
I didn&#8217;t respond, though I knew I had no intention of modifying my pretty little girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s too bad cunt, I could really do it up with you.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s chest rose and fell quickly as she started to hyperventilate while Doc continued to move the back of his hand over her moist skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe Pat will get tired of you one of these days and sell you to me.&nbsp; You&#8217;d like that, wouldn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Emily gasped in relief as he finally pulled his hand away from her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, think it&#8217;s time to take care of my needs, I&nbsp; haven&#8217;t fucked my bitch for, he looked at his watch, oh, in like 3 hours.&nbsp; Doc laughed and eased off the chair, undoing his belt and letting his pants fall around his ankles.&nbsp; He started stroking his large prick and stepped out of jeans.&nbsp; Jayme was screeching in pain across the room as Jim forced three fingers in her tightened pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God, the bitch is tighter now!&nbsp; Doc smiled, taking in with pride Jim&#8217;s reaction to Jayme&#8217;s altered pussy.&nbsp; His huge cock hung threateningly in front of Monique&#8217;s face as he stood over her.&nbsp; I could see her eyes widen as he moved his hips forward and forced his massive, throbbing, shaft between her lips.&nbsp; A shudder went through her body as she started to gag, the head of Doc&#8217;s long pole slamming against the back of her throat violently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear the clapping of Jayme&#8217;s hoofs on the hardwood floor in the kitchen as Jim dragged her, high-stepping her, around the room by the leash.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s face started to go red as Doc kept ramming his cock between her lips, saliva was bubbling around his shaft and running in lines off her chin as again and again he buried his cock in her mouth over and over again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy crap, she is a pretty good mouth whore, isn&#8217;t she?&nbsp; Doc jerked his hips hard, making Monique gasp for breath desperately between thrusts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt!!!&nbsp; Doc had hold of Monique&#8217;s head as he bucked his hips forward, driving the head of his cock to the back of her throat in a brutal facial fucking.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s what you&#8217;re made for slut.&nbsp; I reached out and ran my hand through Emily&#8217;s hair, her skin was pale as she kept her eyes downturned, trying not to look at what Monique was going through.&nbsp; I could feel her uncomfortableness, the fear and dread of Doc radiating through her skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit this girl&#8217;s mouth is incredible.&nbsp; I could see the bulge in Monique&#8217;s throat as she desperately tried to take in Doc&#8217;s massive shaft.&nbsp; I could hear, and see her gagging, the muscles of her back spasmed with each cruel thrust of my buddy&#8217;s prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m about to cum bitch!&nbsp; Doc roared in lust as he started jerking his hips even faster making Monique&#8217;s face go red as she chocked on his prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc, want to cum in Emily&#8217;s throat, I think she could use it.&nbsp; Emily looked up at me with total shock, I was even surprised myself, the words came out of my mouth without a conscious thought.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc&#8217;s hips stopped pumping between Monique&#8217;s lips and she gasped desperately for breath, lines of saliva hung from her chin and fell to the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go suck his cock slut, make him cum in your mouth.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s whole body convulsed and she shook like a leaf.
No, please!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s reaction was instant, and pitiful, but I smacked Emily hard across the side of her face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said suck his cock, I want him to cum in your throat.&nbsp; Doc pulled his long shaft from between Monique&#8217;s lips.&nbsp; Emily shrieked as he grabbed her by the hair and dragged her toward him.&nbsp; Her whole body was racked with spasms as he took hold of her head with his hands and drove his cock between her unwilling lips.&nbsp; Emily chocked and tried to push him away with her small hands, but she was no match, Doc&#8217;s thick cock slammed against the back of her throat and she gagged desperately as he took hold of her ears and began ramming his prick down her throat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh god that&#8217;s incredible.&nbsp; Tears flowed down Emily&#8217;s cheeks as her wide eyes stared up into Doc&#8217;s face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit that&#8217;s incredible!&nbsp; Put out that tongue slut, make me cum down your throat.&nbsp; Doc tugged hard on Emily&#8217;s ear&#8217;s, making her take him deep into her mouth.&nbsp; She gagged frantically as he used her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Put out that tongue slut!&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t think Emily could spread her jaws any wider, but I saw her force her tongue out and it rubbed the underside of Doc&#8217;s throbbing shaft.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; Doc thrust back his head and bellowed like an animal.&nbsp; I could almost see the sperm shooting into Emily&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; In the background I could hear Jayme screaming and her heels clomping on the floor of the kitchen.&nbsp; I looked up and saw her bent over, legs spread wide and Jim ramming her from behind, her hood was off and he had hold of her long flowing hair, tugging her backwards with her scalp and keeping her upright as he fucked her like an animal.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear Emily sobbing and I turned my attention back to her, Doc was wiping his slimy cock off in her hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thanks buddy, she&#8217;s got a nice little mouth, I can see why you want to keep her for yourself.&nbsp; Tears were streaking down her face as I nodded to her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Swallow it slut!&nbsp; It almost looked like she wanted to retch as she reluctantly swallowed down Doc&#8217;s load, it took her two tries to finally gulp down his sperm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t forget to lick his balls clean.&nbsp; I loved the way Emily could barely keep from exploding in a torrent of tears as I mocked her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go ahead cunt!&nbsp; Doc grinned and moved forward, smacking his cock down on her forehead making her go red with shame before she started lapping her soft, moist, tongue over his twitching balls.&nbsp; I loved it, I love the utter humiliation in her as she unwillingly ran her tongue over every inch of Doc&#8217;s balls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily crouched on the ground, sobbing as Doc plopped back down into the chair next to mine and kicked up his legs as Jayme squealed in pain while Jim fucked her in the other room.&nbsp; We could both see him riding the girl from where we sat and Doc just sat back and smiled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve really got to try Tits now, god that pussy is so tight it almost makes my dick hurt too much to use her, just kidding.&nbsp; He smiled manically as we heard Jim cum, the girl screeched like a dying animal as he roared with lust and smacked his hand hard on her ample tits.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was drooling, Emily and Jayme were sobbing as Jim dragged the pony girl into the room and made her get to all fours, he had her kneel in front of him on the couch and put his feet up on her back.&nbsp; She was still crying desperately from the brutal fucking as he used her as his footstool.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So what should we do now boys?&nbsp; Jim rubbed his aching cock and smiled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God she is tight Doc, and when she screams, it just makes it even more fun to fuck her.&nbsp; He grinned and eased his prick back into his pants.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The three of us sat back for a few minutes, enjoying the sight of our sobbing slave girls&#8217;.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Want a beer guys?&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s body trembled slightly, her skin was still pale and her eyes were red with tears as she looked up at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go get us some beers cunt.&nbsp; Emily got quickly to her feet, struggling slightly on the tall heels.
&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So, wanna take my bitch down in the basement and hang her by her tits or something, I want to hear her scream some more.&nbsp; Doc smiled at me as Emily scurried away into the kitchen.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s ready boys.&nbsp; Doc yelled up the stairs, he&#8217;d been down in the basement for what seemed like forever as I had Emily and Monique make up some snacks for our play time.&nbsp; Monique could barely walk when I finally let her out of the contraption.&nbsp; Her inner thighs seemed to be in a constant state of twitching and forced arousal.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bring the food down sluts&#8217;.&nbsp; Monique had on a pair of black fish-net stockings and stood on 5 high heels, Emily had on a pair of sheer white stockings that came just above her knees and was also mounted on towering heels, white ones of course.&nbsp; Both girls were collared and leashed, the leather handles dangling between their pert breasts. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear the tentative steps of the girls coming down the stairs behind me as I stepped out into the basement.&nbsp; As soon as I went around the corner I could see Jayme there, she was hanging upside down from the ceiling by her ankles.&nbsp; Her legs were spread wide and attached to a spreader bar, her tits were wrapped with cord and 10 lbs weights hung from her breasts.&nbsp; I could see her terrified eyes staring up at me as I approached her.&nbsp; A wide ring-gag was jammed behind her teeth and drool already streaked over her face and forehead.&nbsp; Little rubber coated hooks were stuffed in her nose and the elastic band was pulled over her head, tugging back her nostrils so she looked like a little piggy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How do you like my version of a piata.&nbsp; Doc laughed and pushed Jayme&#8217;s thigh, sending her swaying side-to-side.&nbsp; Her breasts were already bright red from the loops and weights.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Have a seat boys, I think we need a little snack, and then we&#8217;ll have some fun.&nbsp; There were three blow-up seats set up a few feet from Jayme and Jim and I sat down.&nbsp; They didn&#8217;t look it, but the seats were comfortable, like big old pillows.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique and Emily strutted deliberately across the room, stepping carefully on the high heels, balancing the trays of food they carried precariously.&nbsp; There was a nice assortment of lunchmeat and cheeses, along with some veggies, pita, and hummus.&nbsp; There was a small little table set up with a cooler full of drinks near the chairs.&nbsp; The girls&#8217; set down the trays and instantly fell to their knees.&nbsp; I could see Emily surreptitiously look over at her friend hanging from her ankles across the room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is the life, isn&#8217;t it boys?&nbsp; Doc already had a beer in hand and took a big gulp of the brew.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I need some food.&nbsp; I snapped my fingers and Emily and Monique quickly scurried to their feet.&nbsp; They both ambled toward me, squatting in front of me, keeping their knees obscenely wide all the while.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What can I get for you Master?&nbsp; The two spoke in almost perfect unison.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Set us up cunts, beers, food, everything.&nbsp; The pair almost ran to the table, I loved the nervousness both of them showed, I could almost smell the fear in the air and I loved it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc, I and Jim ate for a bit, chatting idly as friends do while Emily and Monique squatted at our feet, hands behind their heads, breasts thrust out waiting nervously.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is nice.&nbsp; Jim leaned back in the pillowy chair and took another swig of his beer.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Want some food slut?&nbsp; I could see Emily staring at the little slice of salami in my hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fetch.&nbsp; I laughed and tossed the meat down on the floor in front of her, she scrambled to her hands and knees face down and gobbled up the food.&nbsp; I think for a moment she&#8217;d thought about using her hands, but reconsidered, correctly so, that I wouldn&#8217;t allow it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good doggy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here puppy.&nbsp; I held out a slice of ham and wagged it in front of Monique.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want a treat puppy?&nbsp; Monique nodded her head and let out a little woof before I tossed her the meat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good girly.&nbsp; We played the game for a while, making the girls eat out of our hands, or off the floor, till they&#8217;d got their share of food.&nbsp; All the while Jayme groaned in pain and discomfort in the center of the room, hanging from her widely splayed ankles.&nbsp; 
Why don&#8217;t you girls put on a little show for us, play some kissy face with your friend.&nbsp; Both girls went flush with shame, Emily more so than Monique, but I knew they were both deeply humiliated.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique, being a bit taller, had to lean down to kiss Emily.&nbsp; They were tentative as they brought their lips together for a gentle smooch, then pulled away from each other suddenly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come on girls, you know that&#8217;s not going to work, put some effort into it.&nbsp; I could see Emily&#8217;s eyes start to grow moist.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now!&nbsp; Both girls jumped in surprise as I screamed out and smacked my palm down on my thigh.&nbsp; Emily was shaking softly as she put her arms around Monique&#8217;s back and pulled her close.&nbsp; They locked lips and started kissing each other in earnest.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want to see some tongue, come on, you know what to do!&nbsp; My voice got louder and louder and I could tell it was having the effect I wanted.&nbsp; I could see their tongues interlocked, exploring the others mouths.&nbsp; Monique had her hand around Emily&#8217;s back and brought her fingers up between her legs.&nbsp; I could hear Emily start to moan as her fellow cheerleader started to play with&nbsp; her pussy.&nbsp; I loved the way their nipple&#8217;s brushed against one another, the soft flesh of their breasts crushing together. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s better cunts!&nbsp; I could hear the slurping of their kisses as Emily ran her hand through Monique&#8217;s hair and they both started to grind their hips together.&nbsp; Monique was humping Emily&#8217;s thigh with her slit, moving up and down her leg.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it sluts!&nbsp; Jim and Doc started cheering as the girls continued to kiss and play with each other.&nbsp; I just sat back and enjoyed the show.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, I think it&#8217;s time to get down to what we&#8217;re here for.&nbsp; Emily and Monique had been going at it for a good 15 minutes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Knees!&nbsp; I barked at the kissing girls and they instantly fell to the ground.&nbsp; 
Jayme must have known something bad was coming because she started to whimper and whine as Doc got to his feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got something here that&#8217;ll make it all more fun for us.&nbsp; Doc went into his bag and pulled out a syringe.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is what I was talking about for your girl Pat.&nbsp; His grin was utterly maniacal, his gleaming white teeth looked vicious as he smiled.&nbsp; Jayme&#8217;s cries of despair grew louder and louder as he moved toward her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc started playing with Jayme&#8217;s clit, rubbing it between his fingers till it started to fill with blood.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Such a horny little bitch.&nbsp; Doc laughed and smacked the girl&#8217;s inner thigh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost ready, aren&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; He trailed his nails over the back of her knee as she screeched higher and higher.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jayme&#8217;s scream ripped through the room as Doc jammed the needle in her engorged clit and injected her with the substance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, you know what this is going to do for you, don&#8217;t you slut.&nbsp; Doc smacked his palm down on Jayme&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; Her whole body jerked as the slap rang around the room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc sauntered over to the cooler.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Beer boys?&nbsp; He reached down and grabbed a frosty bottle.
Let&#8217;s give it a few minutes to really take effect.&nbsp; He pulled a couple cold brews from the ice for Jim and I and tossed them to us.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You two were pretty cute, playing kissy face and all.&nbsp; God what the boys in your school wouldn&#8217;t pay to see that I&#8217;m sure.&nbsp; He ran his hand through Monique&#8217;s hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God you&#8217;re a pretty little slut.&nbsp; I pushed two fingers between Emily&#8217;s lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you miss my cock down your throat, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Did you like my cum.&nbsp; He pulled his fingers from her mouth and started laughing.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe Pat will decide to let me use that tasty little cunt of yours, maybe he&#8217;ll let me inject you first too, that way you&#8217;ll feel it all the more.&nbsp; Emily was visibly shaken, her nipples were still rock hard from her little routine with Monique and the utter terror she felt from Doc.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, I think it&#8217;s been long enough, don&#8217;t you Tits.&nbsp; Jayme was moaning, she was swaying side to side with her bulbous tits a deep, deep, red.&nbsp; Her body was covered in a layer of sweat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you go first Pat, after-all, we wouldn&#8217;t have all these fun times with these useless cunts without you.&nbsp; Doc pushed Jayme&#8217;s hip and she started to sway.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you start off with this first.&nbsp; Doc handed me a heavy flogger, the leather fingers must have been a good 18 long and were dense, at each end there were little steel balls, little more than the size of a BB, but I know Jayme would feel every one of them.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s pretty heavy, isn&#8217;t it?&nbsp; I swung the leather through the air.&nbsp; I could hear Jayme moaning as she dangled from her ankles.&nbsp; More and more sweat poured from her body as the drug raced through her system.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jayme screamed in pain as I brought the flogger down hard on her pussy the first time.&nbsp; The long, heavy leather tails slapped down on her hypersensitive cunt and the tiny beads slammed against her skin.&nbsp; The sound was like a loud thud and her torso jerked up involuntarily.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God that felt good!&nbsp; I swung the whip through the air, loving the sounds of Jayme sobbing in anticipation, the tears were interspersed with bleats of pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt!&nbsp; Jayme squealed again as I brought the leather down hard on the confluence of her legs.&nbsp; Over and over I beat her pussy till little red pock marks covered her flesh from the beads.&nbsp; The little dots were a darker red, standing out from the more general hue raised from the lashes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God that&#8217;s incredible!&nbsp; Jayme erupted when I started smacking the heavy straps down on her bulging, aching, breasts.&nbsp; Her body swung violently from the ceiling as she tried to twist and turn away from the blows I laid upon her body.&nbsp; I barely had to swing my arm at all, the flogger was so heavy gravity did most of the work.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could feel my shirt was soggy with sweat when I finally finished with the girl.&nbsp; I could feel the blood racing through my veins, not so much out of exertion, just pure lust brought on by beating the girl.&nbsp; It was incredible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re up.&nbsp; I collapsed in the chair and leaned back.&nbsp; I caught a look from Emily out of the corner of my eye, but I ignored her.&nbsp; I think she desperately wanted to crawl between my thighs and take my cock between her lips, if for no other reason, than to stave off anybody else abusing her, but I paid no attention to her and she remained squatting on the floor, her legs indecently wide as Jim got to his feet for his turn.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;d spent most of my attention on Jayme&#8217;s tits and pussy, Jim had other ideas.&nbsp; He grabbed for a long wooden rod and instantly started on her ass and belly.&nbsp; While the flogger was cruel, Jayme squealed even louder as he laced her body with the rod over and over again.&nbsp; Deep red welts crossed her skin, covering her quivering ass and cutting across her belly.&nbsp; Her hair hung from her scalp and touched the floor as she moved from side-to-side, trying to jerk away from the violent blows.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Jim finally gave up Jayme seemed on the edge of passing out.&nbsp; He&#8217;d spent most of his time on her ass, but she let out an inhuman cry when he brought the rod down on her breasts.&nbsp; I really thought she was going to lose it, more than she already had, when the blow had landed.&nbsp; Her whole body seemed to spasm, the muscles hard and convulsing from the pain, like she was going to explode.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim snapped his fingers as he fell back in his chair and Monique obediently crawled to him.&nbsp; I could see her shaking in fear as she slipped his prick out of his pants and mmediately swallowed it between her moist lips, gagging she forced his length deep down her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc was of course brutal, I almost felt for the girl as he abused her without mercy.&nbsp; He landed blow after blow on her body, every part of her body, and with every implement imaginable.&nbsp; Jayme had passed out once from the shots, only to be brought cruelly back to life by the brutal man.&nbsp; She was crying, begging through the gag, for mercy, but he showed her none.&nbsp; At one point he slammed a massive dildo in her abused, aching, cunt.&nbsp; The thing had to be 18 long, and thick.&nbsp; It jutted obscenely from her swollen pussy lips as he changed to another implement and continued with the assault on the girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked over to Emily and winked as Doc finally decided he&#8217;d had enough.&nbsp; Jayme was a blubbering mass of pain when Doc let her down from the ceiling.&nbsp; She wailed like a banshee as he undid the loops around her breasts and let the blood flowed back into her sensitive flesh.&nbsp;&nbsp; The huge dildo continued to stick out of her pussy as she writhed on the ground.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s leave her be for now.&nbsp;&nbsp; Doc&#8217;s shirt was sweat soaked and the veins in his arms and neck were bulging.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was fun, wasn&#8217;t it.&nbsp; He stroked his cock, then stepped in front of Emily.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could use a shower.&nbsp; He stood over her, her body was trembling violently, shaking like a leaf.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to wash me up cunt?&nbsp; She stared up at him wide-eyed, but remained silent.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you&#8217;d like to lick my balls and ass clean, wouldn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Doc looked over at me and smiled.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Isn&#8217;t the Asian bitch around somewhere, I need to fuck something, soon!&nbsp; I snapped my fingers and Emily got to her feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clean up the food, and, give Tits some water or something.&nbsp; I could almost feel Emily&#8217;s sigh of relief as we started upstairs.

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com










 Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
By
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Five

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I woke up early, I couldn&#8217;t sleep and didn&#8217;t have anything better to do so I decided to take Cumsocket into the shop, I knew the boys needed it.&nbsp; She stared up at me with nervous eyes from the floor of the passenger seat, she had on a lacy white negligee with sheer white stockings and towering white heels.&nbsp; The thin band of her panties was pushed to the side and she was rubbing her pussy frantically.&nbsp; The thick black leather collar and cuffs contrasted beautifully against the lingerie.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make sure you&#8217;re wet cunt.&nbsp; I want you ready for the boys.&nbsp; Her hazel eyes stared up at me as she moaned in need.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My I cum Master, please?&nbsp; There was a desperation in her voice as she looked up at me with wide, moist eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No slut, not yet.&nbsp; I turned and looked back at the road, ignoring the needy girl as she fingered her pussy raw, burying her thin, delicate, fingers repeatedly in her twat while she used the other hand to massage her clit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God, Master, please, I need to cum, please!&nbsp; I glanced over at the girl.
Not yet slut, I like this song, be quiet and don&#8217;t disturb me.&nbsp; I chuckled to myself and turned up the radio as her whole body trembled in need.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her whimpering got louder and louder as we approached the garage.&nbsp; I looked over and saw tears streaking down her cheeks after the first song was over, and she was almost sobbing when the second song started up.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do you need cunt?&nbsp; I flipped the key off in the ignition after I pulled into my parking spot.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, your dirty, slant-eyed, cum whore needs to orgasm, please, PLEASE!!!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What did you say slut?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, this useless slant-eyed cum whore needs to orgasm, PLEASSSEEEE!!! 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go ahead bitch!&nbsp; Instantly the Asian girl exploded, she wailed and slammed her fingers deep in her pussy as her hips jerked up off the floorboard.&nbsp; I grabbed her by the head, leaned down and buried my tongue in her mouth as she growled in orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She gasped as I took my tongue out of her mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, we&#8217;re here, time for the show.&nbsp; Cumsocket&#8217;s eyes were glazed over and her fingers were wet and coated with her own juices as I let go of her hair and opened my door.&nbsp; She gently eased the band of her panties over her engorged cunt lips, her hands were shaking as she ambled out of the car, stumbling on the massive heels as I clipped a lead to her collar.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hope you&#8217;re ready slut.&nbsp; The Asian girl trailed silently behind me as I led her into the garage.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What&#8217;s going on here buddy?&nbsp; Jim slapped his palm down on my back as he entered the garage.&nbsp; The boys in the shop were gathered around the bright red sports car parked over the oil change pit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What got you out of bed before noon buddy, I haven&#8217;t seen you down here in weeks.&nbsp; Jim was right, I hadn&#8217;t been to the shop for a long time; Emily, Monique, and the Asian girl were just keeping me too damn busy, or contented, at home I guess, so what was the point in leaving.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket is putting on a little show for the boys, you were right, they were about to blow.&nbsp; I turned and grinned at Jim before turning back to the show.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How&#8217;s your bitch?&nbsp; I asked without taking my off the pretty Asian slut as she squatted over the center console of the convertible.&nbsp; She groaned in discomfort as the thick polished ball on the stick-shift disappeared into her cunt.&nbsp; Her legs were splayed wide and her towering high heels dug into the leather front seats.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whose car?&nbsp; I pointed to the guy standing across the room.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s his pride and joy, I told him he could fuck the slut if we could use the car, I saw that stick shift and thought it would look perfect up the bitch&#8217;s snatch.&nbsp; I told him I wanted to take a few pictures.&nbsp; Jim smacked his hand down on my shoulder again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good thinking.&nbsp; Maybe we should send some to her boyfriend and show him her new life.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Funny, yeah, that&#8217;s what I told her too.&nbsp; I roared in laughter, my dick started to throb when I thought about the look on her face when I&#8217;d taunted her earlier.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tony&#8217;s over there taking pics now.&nbsp; The bright light of the flash lit the darkish garage every few seconds.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I watched the muscles of the Asian girl&#8217;s stomach and thighs contract and go taut as she rode the stick like a demon, almost bringing her ass into contact with the console she squatted so deeply, impaling the wooden ball fully in her pussy time and time again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t know, there is something hot about Asian snatch, isn&#8217;t there?&nbsp; Her long black hair shimmered under the constant light of the flashbulb, her teeth were gritted as again and again she sunk down on the stick shift shaft with her pussy.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket was on her back on the hood of the convertible, her legs were spread wide with her heels high in the air as the car owner fucked her.&nbsp; He was clearly enjoying himself as he rutted the Asian slut, her stocking covered legs jerking in the air as he pounded into her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Wanna go grab something to eat, I think the boys will be keeping her busy for a while.&nbsp; The men in the shop circled around Cumsocket and the customer, waiting patiently for their turn to fuck the girl themselves.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, sounds good, what do you want?&nbsp; I heard the customer howl in lust as we walked into the bright sunshine. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t know, maybe we&#8217;ll head into town, give them some time.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t think there is going to be a whole lot of work getting done today.&nbsp; I laughed and watched as the first line of workers took his turn at the girl.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Jim and I got back to the garage the Asian slut was pinned between two mechanics.&nbsp; She was on her back, on top of one of the kids that was interning, but I couldn&#8217;t tell which.&nbsp; Her legs were up high in the air and the towering white high-heels swaying in the air as her loud grunts echoed through the garage.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess the boys like that piece of snatch, don&#8217;t they?&nbsp; There was still a line of workers ready to use the girl, though, they certainly had already taken their turn once at her already.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nice car.&nbsp; Jim spoke to the man who owned the convertible but his eyes were fixed on the girl getting double-teamed across the shop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Where did you get that slut?&nbsp; Jim and I smiled at each other as he stared at the Asian girl getting fucked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, around.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but smirk as I watched her wrap her thighs around the kid&#8217;s back.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Is that your girlfriend?&nbsp; He never took his eyes off the Asian girl getting rutted on the bench.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, something like that.&nbsp; I grinned at Jim knowingly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How did you get her to act like that?&nbsp; I mean&nbsp; He trailed off.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, you just have to know how to get it out of them, all women are sluts who want to be treated like meat.&nbsp; I think without even knowing it, the customer was stroking his growing prick in his slacks.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl howled in lust as the man using her pussy pulled out, straddled her chest and spewed his load in her open mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; The customer was rubbing his dick faster and faster in his pants, I thought he was about to cum again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What was your name buddy?&nbsp; The customer didn&#8217;t take his eyes off the action across the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bob, Robert, Bob.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well Bob, wanna grab a cold drink in my office, I&#8217;ll have the boys bring the slut in when they&#8217;re done, it shouldn&#8217;t be too long.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sure, I guess.&nbsp; He looked at me for the first time since Jim and I had got back and hesitated nervously for an instant.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can I fuck her again?&nbsp; He was like a kid asking the question.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, come on, it probably won&#8217;t be too long.&nbsp; Cumsocket was now on her belly holding tight to the rail in front of her as another man bellied up behind her and rammed his cock in her ass.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl looked a mess when Annie finally led her into my office by her leash.&nbsp; She looked exhausted, her panties were gone and the sheer white stockings were ripped and torn, one of the straps of her negligee was gone and her left breast was exposed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here she is Pat.&nbsp; Annie let go of the lead and Cumsocket fell to her knees in front of the desk immediately to the left of the customer who sat drinking a cold beer.&nbsp; He just stared wide-eyed at the girl as Annie left the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can I touch her?&nbsp; Bob tentatively put out his hand and touched the Asian girl&#8217;s cheek.&nbsp; She looked in absolute disarray.&nbsp; Her smooth black hair was matted and stringy, glued against her scalp with drying cum.&nbsp; Her breasts were flush and her pussy lips were engorged and red from brutal use.&nbsp; Sperm was drying around her swollen labia and twitching asshole.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God I can&#8217;t believe it.&nbsp; He thrust two fingers into her mouth and pressed down her tongue making her gag.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, she&#8217;s an obedient pet, she even knows tricks.&nbsp; Jim and I chuckled.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What&#8217;s 2 plus 2 slut?&nbsp; I could see the utter humiliation in her pretty eyes as she leaned down, got on all fours, then banged her right hand on the floor 4 times like a trained dog.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good girl.&nbsp; I opened my desk drawer, pulled out a small piece of candy and tossed it toward the kneeling girl, it hit her on the forehead and fell to the floor.&nbsp; Just like an animal, she scurried after it and lapped it up off the floor with her tongue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you hungry cunt?&nbsp; Nervously the Asian girl nodded.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Beg slut.&nbsp; The girl got up on her heels, squatted and brought her hands up below her chin and started barking.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Woof, woof.&nbsp; The customer stared at the Asian girl, totally astonished.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We call her Cumsocket, I think you can figure out why.&nbsp; I laughed as I reached for the intercom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Annie, can you bring in Cumsocket&#8217;s food, and don&#8217;t forget her special drink.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Introduce yourself cunt.&nbsp; I could see the complete shame in her eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m Cumsocket, I&#8217;m a useless slant-eyed Asian whore.&nbsp; My purpose in life is to please cock.&nbsp; Her head sunk as she finished, completely humiliated
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tell them what you were slut.&nbsp; Bob stared fixedly at the girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was an engineer, but now I&#8217;ve found my purpose, I&#8217;m just a fuck-toy and sperm receptacle.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you take her over your knee Bob, she needs a good spanking.&nbsp; Just tap your thigh, she knows what to do, she&#8217;s not that dumb.&nbsp; The customer slapped his thigh with his palm and the Asian girl dejectedly got over his knee, straddling his legs with her belly.&nbsp; 
The man didn&#8217;t hesitate for an instant, immediately he started bringing his hand down hard on her ass.&nbsp; The girl squealed in pain and wiggled on his thigh, but didn&#8217;t try and get away as he beat her viciously.&nbsp; I could see the tears start down her cheeks as again and again the man took out his frustrations on the girl&#8217;s ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Feels good, doesn&#8217;t it Bob?&nbsp; He was panting and his face was flush as Annie walked in the room with a bowl and a cloudy, milky looking glass of liquid.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Feeding time.&nbsp; Annie tapped Cumsocket on the head as she set the bowl down beside the customer and the Asian girl fell to her knees on the floor with a thud.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God that does feel good.&nbsp; The Asian girl already had her head buried in the bowl eating ravenously as Bob rubbed his hands together before clearing the perspiration from his brow with his palm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Annie, come back in a few minutes, you can clean the bitch up a little, then Bob&#8217;s going to take her down the hall to use her again.&nbsp; Annie nodded and left the room, her heels clapping off the floor as she moved down the hall.
Don&#8217;t worry Bob, we&#8217;ll get your car washed and ready by the time you&#8217;re done.&nbsp; 
What&#8217;s in the glass?&nbsp; Bob didn&#8217;t seem to give a damn about his car, he just watched the Asian girl chow down her food and pointed to the milky liquid.
Well, we wouldn&#8217;t want our little slut to get thirsty, so the boys make deposits occasionally.&nbsp; Jim couldn&#8217;t help but laugh out loud.
You&#8217;ve got to be fucking kidding me, that&#8217;s sperm?&nbsp; The Asian girl looked up at me with desperate, pleading, eyes, but I just smirked and winked at her.
Yep.
Holy shit!
Well slut, I think Bob here wants to see you drink up.&nbsp; She whimpered ever so slightly as she picked up the glass.&nbsp; She looked at it reluctantly.
Well, go on honey, we know how much you like cum.&nbsp; She brought the large glass to her lips, tilted her head back and slowly drained the thick, gooey cum down her throat.
Holy shit!&nbsp; Bob was stroking his cock.
Annie, I picked up the intercom, I think Bob here is ready for Cumsocket to be cleaned up a little.
Holy shit.&nbsp; The Asian girl gagged and almost retched as she swallowed the last drops of gelatinous goo. 

-------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique and Cumsocket were on their knees at my feet, both were busy lapping their moist tongue&#8217;s over the length of my cock and inner thighs as I hung up the phone.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was Jim, he&#8217;s coming over to watch the game.&nbsp; Neither girl said a word, or hesitated for an instant in their duties, they barely looked up and kept licking my shaft in earnest.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you go make some food up for us bitch, you know, egg rolls and shit like that, and maybe some nachos, that sounds good.&nbsp; Cumsocket ran her tongue over my balls one last time, nudging her nose against the bottom of my prick she looked up at me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master for letting me suck on your glorious cock.&nbsp; The willowy Asian girl struggled to her feet with the high heels strapped to her ankles.&nbsp; She moved slowly at first, letting the blood flow back into her aching legs; she&#8217;d been kneeling at my feet for a good hour.&nbsp; I noticed the little string and white plastic ring dangling from her pussy lips, I&#8217;d stuffed a number of love balls in her snatch earlier, they were quite large, and studded, I knew I&#8217;d love pulling them out later, making her beg me to let her cum as I teased them slowly out of her slit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tapped Monique on the head, instantly she knew to take my cock in her mouth.&nbsp; She kept her eyes fixed on mine as she wrapped her lips around the base of my shaft and ran her tongue over my prick inside her mouth.&nbsp; I loved the sound of the air whistling through her nostrils as she breathed through her nose and stared up at me.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I ran my hand through Monique&#8217;s hair as I looked up and saw Emily.&nbsp; She was against the wall on the opposite side of the room, mounted on a large shaft.&nbsp; Her eyes were fixed on me, her hands were locked behind her back in a single leather sheath as her body shuddered.&nbsp; Her legs were spread wide and her ankle cuffs were locked to a spreader bar.&nbsp; She was mounted on a pole that rose from the floor.&nbsp; A huge vibrator was stuffed in her cunt, spreading her delicate, swollen, pussy lips wide.&nbsp; I loved the sheen of perspiration on her smooth belly, and the way her chest rose and fell softly as she breathed, the heavy weights clipped to her tits tugged her aching nipples down brutally.&nbsp; A large red ball-gag was stuffed between her glimmering white teeth and drool dribbled down her chin, the strings of saliva trailing over her breasts in delicate crystal lines.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed the back of Monique&#8217;s head, winding my fingers through her hair I pushed her lips down around the base of my cock and held her there until she started to gag.&nbsp; I lifted my hips up off the chair and felt her gasping for breath.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, make me cum!&nbsp; I let go of Monique&#8217;s hair and let her start sucking my cock again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Work it harder cunt, I want to see you cum!&nbsp; I bellowed at Emily and she groaned in discomfort as she squatted down, impaling the buzzing vibrator deeper in her snatch.&nbsp; Monique bobbed on my shaft, taking my prick deep in her mouth as Emily&#8217;s thighs quivered as she slammed the thick dildo into her swollen, aching pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God.&nbsp; I threw my head back and growled as Monique rubbed her tongue over my cock inside her mouth, she had her lips wrapped around the base of my prick as I started to cum.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God!&nbsp; I held Monique down on my shaft as it started to spurt inside her warm, moist, mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, the food is
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy Shit!!!&nbsp; Monique was gagging as I held her head down, my dick was still spewing hot, thick, cum in her throat.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy Crap!&nbsp; I could feel my whole body tingling and I lifted my hips up, driving the head of my cock against the back of Monique&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; She stared up at me with wide eyes, a small little line of cum dribbled out of her nose.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck that was incredible.&nbsp; Monique gasped as I finally let go of the back of her head and let her take in much needed breaths.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master the food&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees bitch, lick my cock clean slut!&nbsp; The Asian girl fell to the floor with a thud and crawled between my spread thighs.&nbsp; Instantly her tongue was out, lapping the length of my quivering shaft as Monique softly panted, licking her lips in pleasure. 
You too slut!&nbsp; There was an instant of nervousness in Monique&#8217;s eyes as I rebuked her, then she was at work, licking my aching shaft along with the Asian slut.&nbsp; 
Oh shit that feels good.&nbsp; I groaned and set my hands on each of the girl&#8217;s head&#8217;s as they worked in unison, one lapping their tongue on my pulsing dick while the other took my balls between her lips and sucked on me.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard desperate moaning from the other side of the room and looked up to see Emily, her whole body was shuddering in a violent orgasm.&nbsp; Our eyes met for an instant before she looked, embarrassed, to the floor.&nbsp; The muscles of her thighs were on fire and twitched like mad, like every fiber was in use.&nbsp; The thick dildo was buried completely in her cunt, spreading her engorged pussy lips indecently wide.&nbsp; Her nipples were beautiful, the way the weights tugged them down, the hard little buds stretching, as her whole body was covered with sweat, the kind of sweat that only comes with exertion.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Look at our pretty cunt, she just came.&nbsp; Monique and Cumsocket took their lips off my cock for a second to look up as Emily was coming down from the throws of orgasm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What were you going to say slut?&nbsp; I snapped my finger in her face and the Asian slut turned to look back at me, she was silent for a second, I think forgetting where she was.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, Master, the food will be ready in 15 minutes Sir.&nbsp; Monique kept her eyes locked on me and silently began licking my balls again, she was lapping her tongue on my ass with my thick sack balanced prettily on her nose.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Okay slut, go take care of the food.&nbsp; The Asian&#8217;s pretty hazel eyes were wide as she struggled to her feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you again Master for letting me lick your glorious cock and taste your precious sperm, I&#8217;m just a dirty slant-eyed cum slut and don&#8217;t deserve such an honor.&nbsp; Her heels clapped on the floor as she headed back to the kitchen.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do you think cunt?&nbsp; Do you deserve to suck my cock and taste my cum?&nbsp; Monique didn&#8217;t say a word, she merely redoubled her efforts, staring up at me she sucked my balls into her mouth.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard Jim come through the garage, I heard his loud footsteps on the hardwood floor and waited for the clap of Tara&#8217;s heels, but none came.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim plopped down in the other large chair opposite me and kicked up his feet.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So where is your bitch?&nbsp; I ran my hand over Monique&#8217;s shoulder feeling her soft skin against my palm. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s been a little disobedient lately and has been pissing me off, so I put her in her cage to teach her a lesson.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That doesn&#8217;t sound too bad a punishment.&nbsp; I ran my fingers through Monique&#8217;s long, soft, hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, did I forget to mention I lathered up her tits and pussy with Icy Hot.&nbsp; Jim stroked his cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And I made sure to lube up the dildo in her snatch, and the butt plug in her ass, with the shit too.&nbsp; It just made my cock so hard watching her writhing around on the floor with her hands cuffed.&nbsp; Fuck, I almost exploded driving over here thinking about it.&nbsp; She was screaming like a freaking banshee when I left, begging me to take the crap off, but I didn&#8217;t.&nbsp; Jim was laughing hard.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Something smells pretty good.&nbsp; He leaned back and started stroking his cock in his pants.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, the Asian slut is making some food, wanna beer or something?&nbsp; I could see Jim staring at Emily with lust.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah, yeah, that sounds good.&nbsp; Jim slowly undid his fly and eased his hand inside his jeans.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God your slut looks pretty.&nbsp; I saw the slightest hint of trepidation in Monique&#8217;s eyes as she started sucking on my prick again, I loved the feel of her soft tongue and moist lips against my dick, and the heat of her breath on my skin only made it better.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket!&nbsp; I screamed toward the kitchen.&nbsp; 
Jim wants a beer you stupid cunt!&nbsp; Almost before I&#8217;d finished I heard the clap of high heels across the hardwood floor of the kitchen.&nbsp; In an instant she stood before Jim, then fell to her knees and offered him the frosty bottle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here is your drink Master.&nbsp; Jim grabbed the beer and took a swig of the cold brew without even acknowledging the Asian girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How&#8217;s the food coming along bitch?&nbsp; Her head twisted toward me and her dark eyes locked on mine.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s almost done Master, can I go finish it up for you Sir?&nbsp; She breasts shuddered as she tried to keep the awkward position on her knees, making sure to keep her legs spread wide with her chest thrust forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yeah slut, go finish.&nbsp; Cumsocket got gingerly to her feet and scurried quickly back to the kitchen.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Check out this. I picked a little black remote control up from the side table.&nbsp; I pressed one button and we could hear the soft hum coming from across the room.&nbsp; Emily moaned as the thick shaft buried in her belly came to life again.&nbsp; Her eyes grew wider as I pushed the button again and the buzz got louder.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;s my new toy, I love watching this slut cum.&nbsp; I pressed another button on the remote and there was a loud beep.&nbsp; I pressed it twice more and there were two more beeps.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is the fun part.&nbsp; Almost instantly Emily started to hump the pole buried in her slit at the sound of the beep.&nbsp; Her legs bowed out and the glistening dildo on top of the shaft disappeared deeper and deeper in her body till it would go no more.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s to fuck the pole like a slut with one beep, and then come to orgasm with two.&nbsp; Emily was working hard, the muscles of her stomach convulsed as she rode the pole in her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily moaned when I pushed the button again so it beeped twice more.&nbsp; I could see the strain in her face as she started fucking the shaft madly.&nbsp; She squealed as one of the weighted clamps snapped off her nipple and smashed to the floor.&nbsp; She howled as the blood raced into her aching breast.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I loved watching as the thick, buzzing, dildo disappeared into her tight cunt, the way her pussy lips were spread so wide to swallow the thick shaft made my dick hard and I planted my hand on the back of Monique&#8217;s head, forcing her lips around the base of my cock till she choked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily started to scream into the gag as her body exploded again in orgasm.&nbsp; Her thighs went rigid and her torso started to shake as she came.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s eyes went wide as I pushed harder on her head and made her gag, desperate for air.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; I threw my head back and groaned, closing my eyes, the vision of my pretty little slut cumming racing through my mind over and over again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique gasped desperately for breath as I let go of her scalp and let her off my prick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good I love this toy.&nbsp; I turned off the vibrator and set the remote down on the table.&nbsp; Emily was still moaning, her thighs were twitching and quivering as she slowly lifted up off the giant dildo impaling her, barely keeping the head of the dildo inside her slit as she got on her toes.&nbsp; Her whole body shuddered as she cooed in lust.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why don&#8217;t you go over and lick her pussy clean slut, I&#8217;m sure she&#8217;s juicing.&nbsp; Monique kissed the head of my cock reverentially and got to her feet.&nbsp; A few seconds later she was kneeling in front of Emily, lapping her throbbing pussy with her tongue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Your food is ready Masters&#8217;.&nbsp; The Asian girl&#8217;s timing was perfect, she carried a tray of snacks and set them up on a small stand between Jim and I.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I need another cunt.&nbsp; Jim held up his empty bottle of beer.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; She handed Jim and I plates and napkins, then took his empty bottle as she bowed at the waist.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anything for you Sir?&nbsp; She kept her eyes downcast waiting for my response.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No slut, not now.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll be back in an instant Sir.&nbsp; Her heels clapped off the floor as she scampered back to the kitchen.&nbsp; Across the room Emily was moaning as Monique ran her tongue over her belly and between her breasts.&nbsp; She let out a screech as Monique tugged on the remaining weighted clamp and snapped it off her nipple.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl was back almost immediately, she handed Jim his beer and fell to the floor between us, squatting with her legs spread wide as I turned on the game and started to eat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked down at Cumsocket, wondering if I should complement her or not.
The food was good cunt.&nbsp; The Asian girl nodded gently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master.&nbsp; I could see her smile ever so slightly, pleased with herself.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Stand up slut.&nbsp; Cumsocket got to her feet.&nbsp; I snapped my fingers and pointed to the spot in front of me.&nbsp; I put down the leg rest on the recliner and leaned forward.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You deserve to cum slut.&nbsp; I grabbed her hips and pulled her toward me so she as straddling my thighs with her widely splayed legs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready to cum cunt?&nbsp; She almost purred as I ran my hand over her chest, scraping her nipples with my palm as I trailed my fingernails over her skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, please Master, may I cum?&nbsp; Her hands were up behind her neck, fingers wound together like she&#8217;d been taught, her hips thrust forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t want you to cum till I give you permission.&nbsp; I grabbed for the little plastic ring dangling from the Asian girl&#8217;s pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; She groaned in need and I could see the way she gritted her teeth as she replied.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you need this pulled of your tight Asian slit?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, please, I need to cum, PLEASE!&nbsp; I moved my palm over her inner thigh as I tugged on the ring with my other hand.&nbsp; I could see the way the large, studded ball started to spread her engorged pussy lips, straining the soft, moist flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you sure cunt, do you really need to cum?&nbsp; She grunted in disappointment as I let the tension off the ring and let the ball slip back into her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, Please!!!&nbsp; Her legs started to quiver as I moved my hands over the back of her knees, her calves started to twitch as I scraped my nails over her flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess you&#8217;re just a needy cum slut and fuck-toy, aren&#8217;t you bitch?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, please, I NEED to cum, PLEASE!&nbsp; I grabbed the ring quickly and tugged it hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Asian girl screamed and almost collapsed as the first studded ball popped out of her slit.&nbsp; She bent at the knees, squatting down and thrusting her torso back trying to keep her balance.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can I cum Master, PLEASE!!!&nbsp; She almost screamed out in exasperation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I smacked her hard on the breast.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Not yet slut!&nbsp; Her body was rocking back and forth as she whimpered.&nbsp; I reached up between her spread thighs and played with her puckered anus.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want Master Jim to fuck you up the ass when I&#8217;m done with you cunt?&nbsp; She moaned desperately as her body swayed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, I&#8217;m just a useless fuck-toy, my holes are open for you.&nbsp; She squealed as I pulled on the ring hanging from her quivering pussy again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to cum for me slut?&nbsp; Her hips were gyrating ever so slightly, tugging on the string dangling from her pussy, pulling at the balls still stuffed in her cunt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, PLEASE!!!&nbsp; Her knees buckled as I jerked the plastic ring and another studded ball popped from her gaping pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MASTER, PLEASEEEEEE!!!&nbsp; She wailed in desperation, tears were streaking down her cheeks and over her chin. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, I&#8217;m a useless whore and I need to cum, please!!!&nbsp; I thrust a finger in her tight ass and pulled hard on the string, snapping another ball out of her pussy.&nbsp; Instantly her body exploded in orgasm, she fell to her knees and took her hands from behind her head.&nbsp; She started rubbing her clit like a madwoman.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God, Oh God, Oh God!!!&nbsp; I fell back in my chair and started laughing as the Asian slut masturbated frantically at my feet.&nbsp; She was completely oblivious to me, or the rest of the world, as another orgasm washed over her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a good two minutes, but Cumsocket slowly came down off her high.&nbsp; Her face was filled with horror as she looked up at me, getting gingerly to her feet she put her hands back up behind her head and thrust her hips forward.&nbsp; She kept her eyes downcast.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m sorry Master, I&#8217;m so sorry Master.&nbsp; Her body tensed as I brought my hand up between her legs, I grabbed for the ring and balls hanging from her still throbbing pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve been a bad girl.&nbsp; She trembled in fear as I pulled softly on the last ball still buried in her cunt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve been a bad girl.&nbsp; She yelped in surprise as I tugged the last ball from her snatch, involuntarily her body again exploded and another orgasm ripped through her belly, almost bringing her to her knees again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, I&#8217;m---&nbsp; I brought my finger to my lips and she went instantly silent.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve been a bad girl, but what can I expect from a dirty, useless cum whore?&nbsp; I laughed out loud, loving the complete and utter humiliation that flooded her body, knowing she&#8217;d orgasmed like a pure mindless fuck-toy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go fuck Jim bitch, he needs it!&nbsp; I smacked my palm against her twitching pussy, her juices were running down her inner thighs in streams.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master.&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com










Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
By
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Six

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket was sitting on the couch across from me with her legs spread obscenely wide.&nbsp; She was dressed like a Thai street-walker, she had the most garish red lipstick I could find, it was painted heavily on her lips.&nbsp; Her hair was up in a pony tail and she was mounted on shinny red heels strapped firmly to her ankles.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
I&#8217;d bought so many pairs of stripper heels over the months, the people at the shop probably thought I&#8217;d had some kind of fetish; little did they know how many girls I had to outfit.&nbsp; I&#8217;d had to drive into the big city to finally find the right place, the place that sold the towering heels in such lurid colors I loved so much.&nbsp; I&#8217;d never been much of a heel guy, but seeing the girls hobbled, and staggering on the monstrous creations, it just made my dick hard.&nbsp; It&#8217;s kind of funny how tastes change, especially with so many pretty slaves to play with.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How&#8217;s it going chink?&nbsp; She looked up at me with moist eyes as she rubbed her clit, she had a pair of panties on, if you could call them that; there was a thin elastic band around her hips, and then two floss like strings that framed her dark, swollen pussy lips.&nbsp; The end of a long, thick red dildo jutted from her snatch between the dark bands of fabric.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The way you look slut, you could walk the streets in any city and make a good living.&nbsp; You missed your true calling&nbsp; Her brightly painted fingernails scrapped her engorged button and I could see the waves of humiliation cascade over her as I mocked her.&nbsp; I loved humiliating her, though, I was amazed that she retained any&nbsp; pride at all, after being my slave and suffering the utter degradations she&#8217;d faced under my hands.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Is that pussy ready for me cunt?&nbsp; The Asian girl nodded reluctantly, holding up her wet fingers so I could see, then lapping them clean with her tongue before starting to rub her clit in earnest once again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard her whimper unconsciously, nervously, as I got to my feet and started toward her.&nbsp; I loved the way the thick shaft of the dildo was impaled in her snatch, spreading her wet cunt lips indecently.&nbsp; I leaned down and kissed the Asian girl on the lips, burying my tongue in her mouth as I held her under the chin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Suddenly, violently, I pulled my lips off the gasping girl&#8217;s mouth and grabbed her by the pony tail, brutally pulling her by the hair, forcing her to arch her back over the edge of the couch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wanta fuck your mouth bitch!&nbsp; The girl looked up at me with terrified eyes and I could see the pain in them as I tugged harshly on her scalp.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Keep those legs spread you dirty whore!&nbsp; I slapped her hard across the face, still holding onto her pony tail like a reign as the spikes of the high heels dug into the cushion of the couch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I smacked my dick down on her forehead as I rubbed my balls against her face, pressing them against her skin as she desperately stuck out her tongue and tried to lap my throbbing shaft.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re just a two-bit whore, aren&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Cumsocket whimpered and kept trying to lick my cock, wanting, needing, to please me as I jerked violently on her head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl gagged as I straddled her face and slammed my prick in her brightly painted lips.&nbsp; I loved the feel of her mouth convulsing on my cock as I watched the bulge in her throat go deeper and deeper, sliding my shaft between her lips.&nbsp; 
Her legs moved back and forth as I grabbed for her nipples and twisted them violently.&nbsp; I could feel the saliva bubbling around my dick as I smacked her little titties with my palm.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You need bigger tits slut.&nbsp; The Asian girl coughed and sputtered as I rammed my prick down her throat, I could feel her lips touch my balls as I slammed deep down into her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God I want a good titty fuck slut.&nbsp; I kept smacking her small breasts, loving the way her dark nipples stood erect on her chest as my palm slapped against her skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Asian girl gasped for breath as I pulled my dick from between her lips, a trail of saliva hung from the head of my cock and smeared her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get up cunt!&nbsp; I smacked her hard across the cheek.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go get me Monique, I want a titty fuck.&nbsp; Cumsocket was breathing heavily, her face was flush and her skin was shiny with spit.&nbsp; She stared up at me, scared, like a deer in headlights.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go get her cunt, now!&nbsp; My dick was aching, it stood painfully erect and bobbed gently as I waited for my slave to be brought to me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few minutes later I heard the loud clap of the Asian girl&#8217;s heels on the hardwood, I heard the soft clang of the leash and Monique&#8217;s bare feet shuffling on the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Any problems getting her out of the cage slut?&nbsp; Cumsocket kept her head low as she pulled Monique along behind her on the chain, she fell to her knees in front of me and handed me the leather handle.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No Master.&nbsp; I tapped the Asian girl on the head like an obedient pup.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What I really need here is your friend Tits, god like love to fuck those things right now, but I guess you&#8217;ll manage, in a pinch.&nbsp; I grabbed Monique&#8217;s leash and tugged her toward me, making her squeal.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I guess you&#8217;re going to have to do slut.&nbsp; I reached out and grabbed her breast, molding my fingers into her flesh making her grimace.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You want it, don&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; What, how many days has it been since you&#8217;ve been allowed to cum?&nbsp; Softly, barely audible, she responded.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Three days Master.&nbsp; Monique moaned as I reached between her legs and thrust a finger into her tight pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If you&#8217;re good, maybe I&#8217;ll even fuck that dirty snatch of yours later.&nbsp; Would you like that cunt?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, Please, OOHH!&nbsp; Monique groaned in need as I started slamming my finger deep inside her slit, twisting it in her as my knuckles smacked against her clit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe if you&#8217;re good.&nbsp; The girl whimpered pitifully as I pulled my moist finger from her pussy and pushed her so she fell back onto the couch.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket was kneeling on the floor beside me and I pushed my wet finger to her lips, instantly she started lapping it clean, sucking Monique&#8217;s pussy juices desperately.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready for my slut?&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s eyes were open wide and she moved her tongue over her lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master.&nbsp; I climbed on the couch and straddled the girl, pushing her back so her upper body was slightly elevated and she was looking me straight in the eyes.&nbsp; My dick was still wet from Cumsocket&#8217;s saliva as I softly stroked it.&nbsp; 
Monique&#8217;s body jerked as the head of my cock touched the valley between her tits, I loved the feel of her soft, smooth, skin against my throbbing prick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeeze those tits tight cunt, make me want to cum on you bitch.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s long fingers pressed into the flesh of her tits and forced her breasts around my shaft.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but throw my head back and groan in pleasure as her soft skin encased my prick.&nbsp; My ass was rubbing against her belly as I started thrusting my dick between her pillowy mounds faster and faster.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God, Monique was cooing, moaning in lust, as my prick slid between her breasts.&nbsp; Her hands were pressed together, squeezing her tits on my shaft as it moved over her skin.&nbsp; The flesh was flush from being pinched so tight around my cock, and looked lovely.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master, please cum on my tits, please Sir.&nbsp; I felt the tip of her tongue darting from between her lips trying desperately to touch the head of my cock as it jutted from between her breasts. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket was on her knees next to the couch, her eyes were glazed over as she rubbed her clit.&nbsp; I snapped my fingers suddenly at her and she jerked to attention.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go get me so clamps bitch, heavy ones!&nbsp; The Asian girl struggled to her feet and scurried away as I stared down into Monique&#8217;s eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want to see those clamps dancing on your nipples when I cum all over your tits slut.&nbsp; I rubbed my cock slowly between her soft breasts and chuckled.&nbsp; Pre-cum seeped out of the tip of my prick coating her skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reached down and grabbed Monique&#8217;s nipples, pinching them between my fingers, rolling the hard buds against my nails as she pressed her breasts around my cock, her bright nails digging into the soft skin as she squeezed tight.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cumsocket&#8217;s heels banged quickly across the floor as she moved to where I knelt, straddling&nbsp; Monique with my dick locked between her breasts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here Master.&nbsp; The Asian girl handed me to shiny metal clamps, they were thick and heavy with strong springs and rubber coated teeth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ah, this should be good.&nbsp; Monique shuddered as I held the clamps up for her to see.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Keep squeezing those tits slut.&nbsp; I grinned down and Monique, my dick pulsing, thinking about her screeches of pain when I snapped the clamps down on her nipples.&nbsp; 
Good job cunt, you can cum if you want.&nbsp; I could see the sparkle in the Asian girl&#8217;s eyes as I looked at her and complemented her on performing her task, instantly she fell to her knees with a thud and started rubbing her clit with one hand while pushing, and pulling, the long dildo from her pussy with the other.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I smiled as I watched the Asian slut playing with herself, then turned to look back at Monique.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready?&nbsp; Cumsocket was moaning loudly to my side as the dildo went in and out of her pussy violently.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique winced in pain as I snapped the first clamp down on her nipple.&nbsp; She let out a shriek as I flicked the metal with my finger. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One more to go cunt.&nbsp; She let out a cry as I closed the thick spring down on her other breast, I could see the tears gently running out of her eye as I tugged on the evil metal attached to her nips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to make me cum bitch!&nbsp; I started pumping my dick faster and faster between her aching breasts, I loved the friction of her soft flesh against my skin as the head of my cock darted from between her tits, the metal clamps danced and jiggled on her throbbing nipples as the Asian girl exploded in orgasm to my side.&nbsp; I turned to see her body convulsing, as every muscle seemed to explode and she collapsed face first on the floor, her arms pinned under her torso, her hands between her legs still pumping the huge shaft violently in her pussy while she rubbed her clit and screamed in delight.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique cringed in pain with each thrust of my hips as my cock jerked between her breasts, the heavy metal clamps bending, and torturing, the soft flesh of her tits with each movement of my prick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Maybe I should have Doc make your tits bigger.&nbsp; I groaned out, my ass rubbed against Monique&#8217;s belly as my dick started to pulse as I glared in lust at her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck my tits Master.&nbsp; Monique smiled at me through the pain and licked her lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck ya!&nbsp; I pulled hard on the clamps locked to the girl&#8217;s tits as my dick started to erupt, Monique&#8217;s head jerked back as a thick glob of cum splattered against her chin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FUCK!!!&nbsp; Lines of sperm covered Monique&#8217;s soft skin and she let out a piercing scream as I tugged the heavy clamps off her aching nipples.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy Shit!!!&nbsp; I could feel my cock sputtering, spewing thick hot goo over Monique&#8217;s chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy Shit!&nbsp; The girl&#8217;s brightly painted fingernails dug into the soft flesh of her breasts as she squeezed them together brutally, encasing my throbbing cock between her swollen tits as it spit out the last few drops if semen.&nbsp; Cum pooled on her skin, gooey and thick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut!&nbsp; HOLY SHIT that felt good!!!&nbsp; Monique squealed in delight as I gingerly slipped my aching prick from between her soft breasts and collapsed on top of her, bringing my mouth down on hers as she wrapped her thighs around my back.&nbsp; I could hear the Asian girl still moaning in ecstasy on the floor as I buried my tongue between Monique&#8217;s lips.&nbsp; 

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com









Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
By
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Jim and I walked into the bar, it was ruckus as usual, there was a show going on-stage but I couldn&#8217;t really make out much, it just looked like it was a girl-on-girl scene and not too exciting.&nbsp; 
I was totally shocked when I saw Lisa heading towards us naked across the floor.&nbsp; Her arms were outspread and locked to a steel spreader bar that looped around her neck like a collar.&nbsp; Her arms were connected to hooks at the end of the metal bar with rings to her cuffs.&nbsp; Her face looked tired and her make-up streaked down her skin as the tears dribbled down her cheeks. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy Shit Jim, check this out.&nbsp; Jim started grinning as he turned his head and saw Lisa moving towards us, there was a tiny dark haired girl pulling her along by a leash, the girl was clothed, but barely.&nbsp; She wore towering high-heels like Lisa, and then a thong bikini that left nothing to the imagination.&nbsp; Her engorged, pierced, cunt lips bulged out around the floss like ribbon of cloth between her legs and her nipples were scarcely covered by the almost sheer fabric of her top.&nbsp; You could easily make out the thick rings in her nipples.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Twenty bucks a piece, see how many clothespins you can get on her tits, winner gets a blow job.&nbsp; Lisa sobbed, hardly lifting her eyes to look Jim or I in the face.&nbsp; Drying cum was splattered over her forehead and dribbled down her chin, her large breasts shuddered as she was tugged to a stop before us.&nbsp; Her jiggling breasts were pock-marked with bruises.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reached out and smacked my palm on Lisa&#8217;s tit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit, how is our little girl doing?&nbsp; I ran my hand over her smooth belly, you could tell they&#8217;d worked her hard, her stomach was tight with the muscles now well defined.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to see how many clothespins you can get on my tits Sir?&nbsp; Lisa cupped her hands into little fists, I could see the way she struggled to stay still on the towering heels as she strained to get out the humiliating offer.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The record is 28 for one tit Sir, wouldn&#8217;t you like to see if you can beat that, or earlier, a gentlemen got 10 on one cunt lip if you&#8217;d prefer to try and break that mark.&nbsp; Lisa couldn&#8217;t even look me in the eyes, I could barely hear her over the din of the bar.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whatta say Jimmy?&nbsp; I smacked him on the back, think we can oblige the slut?&nbsp; I reached in my pocket and pulled out a couple twenties.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here.&nbsp;&nbsp; I handed the bikini clad girl the money.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, wait.&nbsp; I grabbed a couple more twenties and slipped them under the thin strap of her thong.&nbsp; I knew Mack wouldn&#8217;t have charged us if we had wanted it that way, but it was kind of fun humiliating Lisa in the bar, and it did made my dick start to throb just thinking about it.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s make it interesting, we&#8217;ll see how many we can get on her tits, and labia.&nbsp; Lisa visibly shook as the little girl with the leash handed Jim and I each a cloth bags filled with colored clothespins; mine were red, his were blue.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gentlemen, you can start when I say go, the only rule is, when you&#8217;re both done, she&#8217;ll have to jiggle her goodies for 30 seconds, if any fall off, they don&#8217;t count, so make sure you get them on good and tight.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your mark, get ready, set, GO!&nbsp; Lisa cringed as Jim and I moved towards her breasts, clothespins eagerly in hand.&nbsp; I instantly went to her nipple and pinched it between my fingers, making her hard bud even more engorged.&nbsp; 
Jim went for the meat of her tit, he slapped his palm down on her flesh for fun, then started pinching her skin, snapping the clothespins down around the base of her breast.&nbsp; One after another he locked the heavy wooden pins in place around her tit.
Lisa was cooing in pain, her hips swaying as Jim and I worked on her breasts, she jerked her outspread arms side-to-side as she whimpered.&nbsp; I started on her nipple, first crushing the little bud flat between my fingers and snapping one wooden pin on the right, then the left side, of her aureole.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t sure if it would hold, but I put one clothespin over each of the first two, letting the jaws lock down on the other ones, pressing them tight so she had 4 clamps biting down on the nipple.&nbsp; 
Jim had already got a loop of pins around Lisa&#8217;s breast before I started on the tit meat.&nbsp; I could feel her tears dribbling off her chin and onto my hands as I locked more and more clothespins on to her tit, I started making concentric circles of wooden pins around her breast.&nbsp; 
Jim was having problems keeping the little clamps in place, he was working so fast and Lisa squealed in pain each time one of the clothespins popped off her bulging flesh.
The circles of clothespins danced on Lisa&#8217;s tortured breasts with every agonizing breath she took.&nbsp; Her knees were wobbling when I fell to the floor between her widely splayed legs and started snapping the strong clamped clothespins on her swollen and red labia.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could feel the sweat dripping off my brow when the little girl finally bellowed Stop.&nbsp; Lisa screeched in pain as the last clothespin I&#8217;d put on her cunt lip snapped off.&nbsp; 
By now a crowd of eager voyeurs had circled around us and were murmuring impatiently to find out the results.&nbsp; I k new Lisa would be busy the rest of the night after our little contest had enticed the masses.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lisa was sobbing as I ran my hand over her cheek, her breasts looked like a peg board for the wooden clothespins, and her pussy lips like rows of piano keys.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s see who is the winner!&nbsp; The little girl&#8217;s voice echoed through the large bar, it had grown quiet, at least as quiet as it could as the assembled crowd stared fixedly at Lisa. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jiggle cunt!&nbsp; Go!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Apparently I&#8217;d taken more care in my planning than Jim, as Lisa started shaking her body, jiggling her tits and swinging her hips, a good number of his clothespins snapped off her flesh and fell on the floor.&nbsp; So, while he&#8217;d had more initially on her breast and pussy, in the end, it was a much closer count as mine seemed to stay in place much better.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to count Sirs.&nbsp; The little girl stepped forward and one-by-one started tugging the remaining clips off Lisa&#8217;s body.&nbsp; She shrieked in pain as each one popped off her skin, tears streaked down her cheeks as the whole bar started counting off our totals.&nbsp; Lisa twisted her body&nbsp; side-to-side as the final clothespin was tugged off her breasts, she was sobbing pitifully as the blood raced back into her sensitive flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dark-haired girl was particularly brutal with the clips locked to Lisa&#8217;s pussy lips. Her legs were spread wide, and with each clothespin the girl tugged off Lisa&#8217;s tortured flesh, it seemed like every muscle in her body went into convulsions of pain.&nbsp; Her knees buckled on multiple occasions and I was amazed that she didn&#8217;t collapse on the floor in a heap.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The clothespins made a little clicking sound as each one dropped into the appropriate bag.&nbsp; The crowd grew more and more frenzied as each wooden peg was slowly, agonizingly, snapped off Lisa&#8217;s trembling body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;14, 15, 16&nbsp; The crowd counted along with the dark haired girl as one after another she tugged the pins brutally off Lisa&#8217;s body and dropped them in the proper bag.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;31, 32, 33, 3434, you&#8217;re the winner Sir.&nbsp; I reached out and smacked Carrie&#8217;s breast with my hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No record this time Sir, but you&#8217;re the winner with your total of 34 clothespins on her breast and pussy.&nbsp; You&#8217;ve won a blow job.&nbsp; One of the men squeezing close in around Jim and I slapped me hard on the back in congratulations.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s one hot fucking bitch, I want to use her next!&nbsp; He was grinning manically, the lust was visible in his eyes as he stared at Carrie.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How &#8216;bout it buddy, want her, you can have my turn.&nbsp; He looked at me with consternation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Really, Seriously?&nbsp; Fuck yeah I want the cunt!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Enjoy it man.&nbsp; I shook his hand, then started to walk away.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees bitch!&nbsp; Lisa fell to the floor sobbing as the little girl holding her leash barked at her.&nbsp; Lisa stared up me, we exchanged glances for an instant as a tear dribbled down her cheek, then she started gagging as the man I&#8217;d given my prize to rammed his prick down her throat and started face fucking her in the middle of the surging throng of people in the bar.&nbsp; 

-----

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hey boys, how&#8217;s it going?&nbsp; Mack had his hand running through a thin blondes hair when we entered his office.&nbsp; It was the girl we&#8217;d seen before in his clutches, back when we&#8217;d returned Carrie to him.&nbsp; The girl, she was squatting to his side, naked, mounted on massively high heels with a thick black leather collar tight around her neck.&nbsp; A chain ran from the collar to a ring in the floor keeping her restrained to the small area at Mack&#8217;s feet.&nbsp; Her nipples were hard and puffy, her pussy was swollen and red, it looked as if she&#8217;d been used recently, and hard at that.&nbsp; A thin line of frothy white cum dribbled down the inside of her thighs and dripped into a small pool on the floor between her spread legs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hey Mack, how are you doing?&nbsp; Jim and I exchanged handshakes with the massive man.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get out of her cunt, we&#8217;s got to discuss bidness.&nbsp; The girl was visibly shaking as he patted her on the head like a dutiful pet.&nbsp; One of his goons came over and opened the lock to the chain, freeing her.&nbsp; She stared fixedly at Mack till he nodded at her, then she scurried away quickly, like an obedient dog.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I saw you out in the bar, that was one hell of a show you boys put on.&nbsp; That bitch is going to be busy the rest of the night.&nbsp; You made me a hell of a lot of money boys and I&#8217;ve got to thank you for that.&nbsp; Mack smiled and stroked his cock through the fabric of his pants.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got something to show you, something I think you&#8217;re gonna like.&nbsp; Mack chuckled, then pressed his thick meaty hands into the armrests of the chair and forced himself to his feet.

Mack was wheezing as he led us through the bowels of the bar.&nbsp; You could still hear the music pounding, but more it was the sounds coming from the rooms in the hall that drew our attentions, the fuck rooms as they were called.&nbsp; We stopped at the first window in the hall.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Check this slut out, she&#8217;s too old to work the floor, but she loves to suck cock, and the boys don&#8217;t mind her looks when they&#8217;re getting their knobs sucked.&nbsp; There was an older redheaded woman kneeling on the floor of the small little cubicle.&nbsp; There were holes in three of the walls with cocks jutting through each opening.&nbsp; The woman was working one with her mouth while she was stroking the other two with her hands.&nbsp; She wasn&#8217;t ugly, but had long since past her prime.&nbsp; Her long curly red hair was streaked with lines of sperm and her chest was covered in cum that dripped from her chin and mouth. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;$5 for a blow job, it&#8217;s kind of a loss-leader, but I think it cuts down on some of the problems in the bar, quick way to relieve stress.&nbsp; Mack grinned as the muscles of red head&#8217;s back contracted when the cock in her mouth exploded.&nbsp; She worked hard to gobble down the load filling her mouth, only letting a few drops dribble down her chin and land on her jiggling tits before turning to the next cock nearly ready to blow. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I want to show you Carrie, I&#8217;ve got the little cunt in the most wonderful contest.&nbsp; Mack waddled away from the window down the hall.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We stopped at a little alcove, there was an opening with chairs set up for viewing.&nbsp; Mack collapsed heavily into one of the seats and Jim and I sat by his side.&nbsp; Carrie was in the room, it was a nice room, unlike the glory-hole we&#8217;d just seen the redhead in, which was basically just a cube with rubber lined floor and walls for easy clean-up.&nbsp; This room looked like a Victorian parlor, there were dainty chairs and paintings, and it was lit with frilly lamps.&nbsp; It looked very feminine and refined, except for the way Carrie was mounted.&nbsp; She was on her back in the center of the room, her legs were spread wide attached to the floor and she was arched over a rounded cushion.&nbsp; Her hands were pulled down and locked to rings set in the floor.&nbsp; Her head was bent back at the perfect height for face fucking.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is for couples, give them a little treat too, a fun little contest.&nbsp; As Mack was speaking, a pair entered the room.&nbsp; They were probably in their early 30&#8217;s, average, typical for the patrons of the bar.&nbsp; The man collapsed on one of the velvet lounge chairs and pulled his cock out of his pants, slowly he started to stroke it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My dick started to ache as I watched the woman fall to her knees between Carrie&#8217;s spread legs, there was a padded cushion for her to kneel on the floor.&nbsp; Almost instantly she started running her hands over Carrie&#8217;s inner thighs and belly.&nbsp; I could hear Carrie start to groan as the woman&#8217;s tongue darted over her pussy and in the folds of her sex.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You see, the woman, if she can make Carrie orgasm in under 5 minutes, then her husband, or man, get&#8217;s a blow job.&nbsp; Mack chuckled heartily as Carrie&#8217;s head bobbed in delight as the woman lapped her tongue over her wet pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She basically cums and sucks cock all day.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t even tell you how many people pay to watch this shit, not to mention the couples who line up to use the girl.&nbsp; Carrie started to moan louder and louder as the woman between her legs buried her tongue in her slit over and over again while rubbing her clit hard with her fingers.&nbsp; Carrie&#8217;s hips were grinding into the woman&#8217;s face as she cooed in delight.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh God, oh my GOD, OH MY GOD!!!!!&nbsp; Carrie started screaming in release as the muscles of her belly quivered and her body exploded in orgasm.&nbsp; Her head jerked from side-to-side as she desperately tried to close her splayed thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOHHHHH MMMMYYY GOOODDDD!!!&nbsp; I watched as the man slowly got off the lounge chair, his dick was long, hard, and bobbed as he shuffled across the floor toward Carrie, his pants down around his ankles.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;OOHHHH MMYY---&nbsp; Carrie gagged as the man buried his cock between her lips, he had his hand around her throat and the other at the back of her head and he started face fucking her roughly, his wife kept lapping her tongue magically on Carrie&#8217;s throbbing pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was fucking quick.&nbsp; Mack turned to look at me and grinned.
She works an eight hour shift.&nbsp; It&#8217;s a fucking gold-mine.&nbsp; Mack laughed uproariously as Carrie choked on the shaft in her mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com









Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
By
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Eight

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I sat and watched with Mack as Carrie was licked to orgasm by another two women, both men gladly enjoyed their complementary blowjobs from the mounted girl, deftly earned by their wives diligent work on Carrie&#8217;s pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Want to see something else, you won&#8217;t believe this shit.&nbsp; Mack wheezed as he got to his feet, his knees cracked as he lifted his massive, corpulent frame to a standing position.&nbsp; He wobbled dangerously as he started ambling down the hallway and Jim and I quickly fell into line behind him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You wouldn&#8217;t believe this girl, she came to me and asked for a fucking job.&nbsp; She calls herself a cum dump.&nbsp; His smile was huge.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can you fucking believe this shit, she asked ME for a fucking job.&nbsp; Mack rested his hand against the door frame and gasped, slowly trying to catch his breath.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And she&#8217;s a pretty hot cunt too, she pays me a hundred a week to work here, she refuses to take a dime from the guys, just wants to be fucked.&nbsp; Mack grinned to himself just thinking about it.
The bitch pays me to be used and degraded, it&#8217;s fucking unbelievable, but believe me, I&#8217;m not complaining.&nbsp; Mack winked at us and smiled, he was sweating profusely as he finally caught his wind and started moving again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve got to see this.&nbsp; He led us into the restroom, the loud base from the bar echoed in the tile covered room as he waved his arm, leading us forward till we could see the girl on the ground in the corner.&nbsp; 
She was on her back in a plastic tub, her wrists were tied to her ankles forcing her legs to be spread wide.&nbsp; There was a speculum stuffed in her pussy and it was opened as wide as it would go.&nbsp; A ring-gag was jammed between her teeth keeping her mouth gaping.&nbsp; 
Look at this bitch, it&#8217;s fucking crazy, this was her fucking idea.&nbsp; The girl, her hair was sopping wet and her skin glistened in the bright lights as liquid beaded on her flesh.&nbsp; There was an inch or two of pooled urine surrounding her in the tub.&nbsp; Scrawled on her forehead, in marker, was written &#8216;piss slut&#8217;, with an arrow pointing to her open mouth and yawning pussy.&nbsp; 
She was gorgeous, at least she seemed to be, even in the state she was in.&nbsp; She was blonde, thin, long-limbed with nice tits.&nbsp; Her nipples were rock hard and dark against her gently bronzed skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You should see her on a Saturday night, she cuffs herself to the toilet and blows the guys coming in to take a piss.&nbsp; She locks her wrist to the pipe, kneeling on the dirty fucking floor and blows these guys.&nbsp; Doesn&#8217;t charge them a thing, just says she needs, wants, the cum.&nbsp; Mack roared in laughter as he stared down at the girl on the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She fucking stuffs her cunt and ass with big dildos and straps her thighs and calves together so she can&#8217;t get up off the floor till we untie her at the end of the night.&nbsp; Mack stared down at the girl with wide eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Excuse me for a sec boys.&nbsp; I watched the girl&#8217;s eyes go wide with anticipation, almost desire, as Mack stood over her and lowered his fly, worming out his flaccid penis with his thick meaty hands.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I gotta take a mean whiz cunt.&nbsp; The thick stream of urine hit the girl&#8217;s face suddenly with a loud splatter, splashing over her face till Mack got his aim on mark and started filling her mouth with his acrid piss.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh god that feels good.&nbsp; Mack flicked the last few drops of piss from his prick onto the girls face, making her skin twitch and jerk as it hit her.&nbsp; He eased his soft cock inside the folds of his pants.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You boys need to take a leak, you gotta try this.&nbsp; The girl on the floor dry heaved and almost retched as she tried to swallow down the piss pooled in her mouth.&nbsp; I could see her belly convulse as she struggled to gulp down Mack&#8217;s vile urine.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All night long the bitch does this.&nbsp; Mack laughed and zipped up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bathroom door creaked as it swung open and the sounds of the bar roared in as two drunken men staggered across the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;See, I told you fucker.&nbsp; The one man almost fell to the floor as he staggered over to the girl in the tub and tried to undo his fly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Excuse me dude.&nbsp; The drunken man bumped into Mack as he pulled his penis out and started trying to piss into the girl&#8217;s gaping pussy.

--------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was on her knees, I&#8217;d left her there for a couple hours; kneeling, waiting, anticipating, and, of course, orgasming against her will.&nbsp; 
Her legs were spread wide and tethered to heavy steel tubes that made up the frame she was mounted to.&nbsp; There was a padded bar up under her chest supporting her upper body and hips.&nbsp; I know it was uncomfortable for her, the way her limbs were contorted and spread, but I loved the way she looked locked in the frame, and that&#8217;s all that mattered.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was crawling behind me on a leash.&nbsp; Emily tried to twist her head to the side to see what was happening, but there were hooks in her nostrils, tied off to the frame and they kept her looking straight ahead.&nbsp; Her hands were pulled up behind her back and chained off to the top of the metal contraption.&nbsp; She let out an indecipherable stream of whimpering babble as I walked up to her, a ring-gag was forced up between her gleaming white teeth keeping her mouth open.&nbsp; Without warning I slammed my cock in between her lips and buried my full length in her throat making her choke.&nbsp; I could feel her muscles convulsing on me as I drove my dick to the hilt between her lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You like that, don&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; I started bucking my hips forward, face fucking the girl brutally, holding the back of her head in my hands as my prick disappeared between her lips over and over.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was being triple penetrated, machine fucked by a large dildo in her pussy and another in her ass, they kept pumping into her body in rhythm, one in, one out, plunging deep in her belly and rectum over and over again as I used her mouth harshly.&nbsp; There was a vibrator against her clit, driving her to orgasm after unwanted orgasm as she knelt there, for what had been hours at this point.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s incredible cunt!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s whole body was shaking with lust, her skin was covered with a sheen of perspiration.&nbsp; Her lips were locked tight around my prick as she gasped for breath through her nose while I buried my cock in her mouth again and again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wound my fingers through her hair, almost massaging the back of her scalp as I slowly worked my dick to the back of her mouth and she started to gag.&nbsp; I loved the feel of her tongue rolling on the underside of my throbbing prick as I deliberately pulled the mushroomed head of my cock out to the ring wedged behind her teeth, holding it there just for an instant, feeling the drool from her gaping mouth hanging on my pulsating shaft before starting to force it back between her lips ever so gently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked down at Monique kneeling to my side, I could see the jealousy, the need in her eyes as I face fucked her friend.&nbsp; Her nipples were rock hard as she licked her lips unconsciously and stared at my prick disappearing in Emily&#8217;s mouth, watching the bulge in the girl&#8217;s throat as my dick went in and she choked on me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I snapped my fingers and Monique looked up at me surprised, shocked out of her lustful reverie.&nbsp; 
I didn&#8217;t have to say a word, just the look in my eyes told her what I wanted and she scurried between my legs quickly.&nbsp; She squatted beneath me and started lapping my dangling balls.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t help but groan in pleasure as her soft, moist tongue lapped against my testicles while I fucked her friend&#8217;s mouth.
Oh shit, I&#8217;m cumming bitch!&nbsp; I pulled my dick out of Emily&#8217;s gaping mouth and smacked my throbbing prick down on Monique&#8217;s face.
I&#8217;m gonna cum cunt!&nbsp; Monique took my cock in her hands and pointed it at her face.&nbsp; With the slightest flick of her tongue on the head of my cock I exploded, spewing my load all over her face and streaking through her hair.
Holy shit!&nbsp; Monique expertly squeezed my dick in her fingers, milking every last drop of sperm from my shaft over her face.
I stood over her, my dick softly held in her hands.&nbsp; Her tongue was out, desperately trying to reach every last drop of cum plastered on her skin as she massaged my cock between her delicate fingers.
That&#8217;s it bitch.&nbsp; Monique looked up at me with her mouth open and her tongue out.&nbsp; I could see the cum filling her mouth as she waited for permission to swallow.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Swallow!&nbsp; Monique smiled up at me as she happily gobbled down my sperm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master for allowing this slut to taste your seed.&nbsp; She purred in delight as she rubbed her hair against my dick and balls.
Holy crap that felt good cunt!&nbsp; Monique kissed the head of my cock and softly eased it back in the folds of my pants.&nbsp; I grabbed her leash and tugged her to her feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What do you think cunt, let&#8217;s leave our dear little girl alone here for a little while longer with her favorite machine.&nbsp; Emily groaned and tears started running down her cheeks as drool dripped out of her gaping mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry slut, you&#8217;re allowed to cum as much as you want today.&nbsp; I laughed and ran my hair through her hair, it was soaked with sweat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come on bitch.&nbsp; I pulled hard on the leash, jerking Monique forward.&nbsp; I turned off the lights and listened for a second to the humming motors before I shut the door, leaving Emily alone with the pounding dildos and buzzing vibrator.

-------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was standing in the middle of the room, naked, her legs were spread wide and the thick leather cuffs on her ankles were attached to a steel spreader bar that kept her legs open.&nbsp; Normally I&#8217;d have had her in heels, but at the moment, she was in bare feet after cleaning the house all morning.&nbsp; The nails of her fingers and toes were done in a lurid red and sparkled in the light.&nbsp; Her hair was up in a ponytail and there was a red ball-gag wedged between her painted lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are a pretty little thing, aren&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s eyes were fixed on me as I started stroking my prick through my pants.&nbsp; I could see the way her pussy twitched as I spoke to her.&nbsp; 
She&#8217;d been standing at attention for a good half hour and the muscles of her legs were taut and starting to cramp, they quivered uncomfortably as she held the position.&nbsp; Her hands were cuffed behind her and pulled up so they were attached to the collar around her neck.&nbsp; It looked quite uncomfortable but made my dick hard, so I didn&#8217;t care what she felt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You need to be fucked, don&#8217;t you cunt? Her face went flush and she lowered her head, nodding embarrassed.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to suck my cock first bitch?&nbsp; Monique whimpered desperately and bobbed her head softly, but definitely in the affirmative.&nbsp; Her nipples grew harder and harder and I could see the small trail of juice seeping down her inner thigh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You did a good job cleaning today slut, you deserve a treat.&nbsp; Her eyes started to fill with lust as I undid the zipper on my fly and eased my prick out of my pants and gently stroked it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Do you want to taste my cum on your lips slut?&nbsp; Monique groaned as her clit started to swell, I could see the moistness of her pussy lips growing as she slowly rocked from side to side in need.&nbsp; I could tell she was getting frustrated, not being able to touch and play with herself.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees cunt!&nbsp; Monique fell to the floor with a thud.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get over here slut!&nbsp; She wiggled awkwardly across the floor till she was between my thighs, she leaned forward and started rubbing my prick with her cheek and forehead.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s get this off so you can get to work.&nbsp; I flicked her long hair to the side and undid the clasp on the back of the ball-gag.&nbsp; Monique gasped in relief as the red ball slipped easily from between her teeth and she slowly worked her jaws back to life.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;May I suck your glorious cock Master, please.&nbsp; There was a whiny desperation in her voice.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes slut, that&#8217;s what you&#8217;re made for.&nbsp; She extended her tongue and barely let the tip touch my shaft. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master, I know I&#8217;m a useless cunt and don&#8217;t deserve the honor of your magnificent cock Sir. I flicked the TV on and turned to the game as Monique took the length of my prick into her mouth and started sucking on me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t want to cum yet bitch.&nbsp; I reached down and grabbed Monique&#8217;s breast, taking hold of her nipple and pinching it between my fingers till she yelped in pain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut.&nbsp; Monique gagged a little as I pushed down on her head and felt her lips around the base of my cock, her chin was pressed against my balls.  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was approaching half-time when I just couldn&#8217;t take it anymore, my balls were aching and I wanted to cum.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s saliva coated my prick as I grabbed for the back of her head and pulled her lips off me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Is your pussy ready for me cunt?&nbsp; Her head jerked back as I spit in her face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, this useless bitch&#8217;s cunt is ready for you always.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good!&nbsp; She squealed in pain as I tugged hard on her hair and moved her out from between my thighs.&nbsp;&nbsp; She collapsed face first on the floor and I stood over her, her legs were spread wide with the bar between her ankles and her ass was up in the air.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique screeched as I grabbed her pony tail and lifted her chest off the ground using her hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready to get fucked cunt?&nbsp; Through tears she mumbled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes Master, this useless cunt is ready for your glorious cock.&nbsp; Please fuck me Sir!&nbsp; I slapped my palm hard down on her ass as I held her chest off the ground with her ponytail.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I see you are a dirty little bitch, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Monique couldn&#8217;t help but moan as I knelt behind her and thrust two fingers in her soaking pussy.&nbsp; I could feel her vaginal muscles contract and lock onsmy invading fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, you are just a fuck toy for me, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Monique whimpered as I twisted her head back so she was staring me in the face.&nbsp; I loved the glazed over look in her eye, the mixture of lust and pain was glorious.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m glad I never cut off your fucking hair, what&#8217;s the point of a bitch with short hair, you&#8217;ve got nothing to hold on too!&nbsp; I laughed at the girl as I knelt behind her and started working the head of my cock over her slit.&nbsp; I could feel her pussy spasm as I eased into the moist folds of her sex.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How does that feel cunt?&nbsp; I could hear Monique purr in delight as my prick slid easily into her belly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thank you Master for fucking this useless fuck toy.&nbsp; I could see the way her hands balled into little fists bound behind her back.&nbsp; My fingers were wound through her scalp keeping her upper body up off the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, this is what you&#8217;re made for.&nbsp; My hips slammed against Monique&#8217;s ass as I started fucking her faster, burying my cock to the hilt in her pussy till my balls slapped against her flesh.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck me harder Master, I&#8217;m just a dirty fuck toy, please use my holes for your pleasure, please!&nbsp; I eased my dick out till it almost slipped from between the swollen lips of her pussy.&nbsp; I loved the way Monique whimpered in desperation as I threatened to pull my cock from her sex completely, only to slam it into her hard and fast making her grunt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeeze me slut!&nbsp; I could feel the girl&#8217;s vaginal muscles clamp down on my prick as it pistoned into her belly over and over again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Please Master, may I cum?&nbsp; I tugged hard on Monique&#8217;s hair keeping her up right.&nbsp; I had one hand through her hair, the other was under her chest clamped on her dangling breasts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh fuck!&nbsp; My hips slapped against her ass harder and harder, I loved the feel of my cock disappearing in her throbbing pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MAASSSSTTTEEERRRR, may I cum, PLLEEEEAAAASSSSEEEE!!!! Monique grunted each time I impaled my cock deeply in her quivering slit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PPPLLLLEEEEAAASSSEEE MMAAASSSTTTTEEERRR!!!&nbsp; Monique yelped in pain as I pinched her nipple between my fingers and twisted it brutally.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Not till I cum cunt, not till I cum!&nbsp; Monique wept in need as I fucked her hard, slamming my dick in her pussy over and over again, tugging on her hair like a reins with one hand and smacking her tits with the other.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Not till I cum slut!&nbsp; I loved the sound of my hips smacking against her ass, feeling her pulsing pussy holding me tight as my dick slid in and out of her slit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to cum bitch!&nbsp; I buried my cock to the hilt in her belly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Can I cum Master, PLLLEEEAAASSSEEEE!!!!&nbsp; Monique wailed in desperation as my balls pumped hot cum deep in her belly.&nbsp; I pulled hard on her pony tail forcing her back on my cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cum for me cunt, now!!!&nbsp; Her body exploded under me as my prick continued to jerk and spurt inside of her.&nbsp; I could feel every muscle of her pussy contract and grip me like a vise.&nbsp; She was panting like a bitch in heat, screaming in lust as she orgasmed madly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was next to me on the couch, her hands were still bound behind her back but I&#8217;d removed the spreader bar from between her ankles after fucking her.&nbsp; Her chin was resting on my thigh like an attentive pet.&nbsp; She had my balls in her soft lips and gently massaged them with her tongue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was talking with Emily the other night, and after I&#8217;d whipped her tits and pussy for a while, she was only so happy to tell me that you had a crush on one of your teachers back in school.&nbsp; What was it, I think she said it was a Mr. Wilson?&nbsp; Her eyes went wide and I could feel her breathing a little harder, the sensation on my balls felt wonderful. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was telling me you used to fantasize about fucking him, is that true?&nbsp; Her head bobbed as she started sucking harder on me and I saw a small tear form in the corner of her eye.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you wanted to fuck all your teachers, didn&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Monique looked up at me with consternation, I could see the fear and apprehension growing in her eyes.
 You were a slut even then, before I found you, weren&#8217;t you bitch?&nbsp; Monique gagged as I pushed on the top of her head and forced her face down into my groin, till her nose was pressed against my skin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you wanted this Mr. Wilson to pop your cherry, didn&#8217;t you cunt, to make you a woman.&nbsp; I bet you wanted him to rape that pussy of yours, hard.&nbsp; I bet you sat there in class and dreamed about blowing him under the desk, didn&#8217;t you bitch?&nbsp; Monique took my dick into her mouth and started sucking on me.&nbsp; I could feel her breathing harder and a thin layer of nervous sweat rose on her delicate skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You know, I&#8217;ve been talking with your Mr. Wilson.&nbsp; Monique stopped sucking my cock, in fact, I think she stopped breathing, waiting for what I was going to say next.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You know, he&#8217;s a sick fucker.&nbsp; I could feel Monique&#8217;s body trembling, her hard nipples were shaking as they rubbed against my thigh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve decided you&#8217;ve been such a good girl lately; sucking, fucking, cleaning and all that shit, I&#8217;ve decided to give you a little treat, I&#8217;m going to let you have your fantasy fulfilled and let you fuck your dear Mr. Wilson.&nbsp; I could feel Monique react, I could feel her breath on my cock and the way her throat convulsed on my shaft.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry bitch, he won&#8217;t know it&#8217;s you, he just has a thing for pretty young cunts and I told him I had a treat for him to play with.&nbsp; I could see the way her nails dug into the palms of her hands as they were cuffed behind her back.
You can&#8217;t really be surprised, can you, him having a thing for tight young cunts like yours, he teaches after all, why would you do that unless you wanted to fuck you useless teenage whores.&nbsp; Monique squealed as I roughly grabbed the back of her head and jerked her lips off my cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whata think about that slut?&nbsp; I bet you can&#8217;t wait to have Mr. Wilson&#8217;s cock in that pussy of yours, can you?&nbsp; She whimpered and started to sob, she started trying to beg, but I put a finger to my lip and she went silent immediately.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;And he&#8217;s going to bring some of his friends, I think he said he was going to bring along the gym teacher, you probably had a thing for him too, didn&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; I smiled and let go of Monique&#8217;s scalp, her head fell forward and stared up at me with moist eyes with her cheek against my thigh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry slut, Jim and I will be there to protect you, but, I am going to give him access to all your holes.&nbsp; I think you&#8217;ll like being a gang bang slut, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I laughed and grabbed her hair again, she choked as I forced her mouth around my cock and felt her lips against the base of my shaft.

To be continued

Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com









Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
by
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Twenty-Nine

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was whimpering as I tugged on the leash attached to her collar.&nbsp; The sound of her crying was muffled under the thick black hood, though not by much.&nbsp; There was a ring-gag wedged behind her teeth, keeping her mouth wide open.&nbsp; There were holes in the hood for her to hear; I wanted to make sure she heard everything, everything they said to, and about, her, as she was getting fucked and abused by her old teachers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Are you ready to get gang-banged cunt?&nbsp; I ran my hand over the smooth leather encasing her head.
We&#8217;ll see how all those old fucks like a young piece of tail like you.&nbsp; And god, just think how hard they&#8217;d cum if they knew it was their dear little Monique they were fucking.&nbsp; The pampered cheerleading princess&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s sobbing grew louder as I mocked her mercilessly.
You do look pretty though bitch; those long legs, the pretty ankle socks, the tennis shoes, and of course, your little cheerleader costume.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t dare dress her in her school&#8217;s uniform, but I found one that made her look hot nonetheless.&nbsp; Of course, she didn&#8217;t have any panties on under the short, short skirt, I mean, what&#8217;s the point, the guys would have had them off in an instant anyway.&nbsp; 
Her tight little belly was visible, her top came just below her tits and exposed her bare midriff.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t have a sports bra on underneath the top, she wasn&#8217;t going to be doing any flips or cheers, her tits didn&#8217;t need the support, after all, she was just going to be on her back and knees, getting cock after cock rammed in her teenage holes, and I&#8217;m sure the boys would want access to her tits immediately as it was, so why bother covering them up further.
I ran my hand over Monique&#8217;s bare belly, her muscles quivered under my touch.&nbsp; I leaned down, whispering in her ear hole.
I bet you&#8217;re going to love it when Mr. Wilson rams his cock in your pussy, won&#8217;t you bitch?&nbsp; Monique squealed as I brought my hand up between her legs and started fingering her clit.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
I&#8217;ll make sure to have him cum in your pussy slut.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll like that, won&#8217;t you bitch.&nbsp; Or, do you want to taste his sperm on your lips and running down your throat?&nbsp; You&#8217;ve been dreaming about it for so long, haven&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Monique moaned and whimpered at the same time.&nbsp; My finger plunged in her tight, wet pussy over and over again, ramming deep inside her womb.
I love it slut, you&#8217;re wet, you&#8217;re looking forward to this, aren&#8217;t you bitch?&nbsp; I laughed and pulled my finger from her pulsing snatch and brought it to the hole in the hood, thrusting it between the ring-gag and pressing down on her tongue till she licked it clean.
How many times are you going to cum tonight slut?&nbsp; I love the way her body trembled as the shame and humiliation raced through her veins.
I want you to count for me bitch, you&#8217;ll have to tell Emily how many times your old teacher&#8217;s made you orgasm, how many times they cummed inside you.&nbsp; I laughed out loud.
Get over here cunt!&nbsp; I snapped my fingers and Emily scurried on her hands and knees to my feet.&nbsp; She was naked but for the thick black cuffs locked on her wrists and ankles, and the heavy collar around her neck.&nbsp; Her hair was done up in pig-tails and frilly white socks covered her feet.
Why don&#8217;t you lick Monique&#8217;s pussy slut, make her orgasm for the first time tonight.&nbsp; After all, you owe her, putting her in this position, you were a bad girl, telling me all her dark secrets.&nbsp; I chuckled and grabbed for the back of Emily&#8217;s head, pushing her face up under Monique&#8217;s short shirt and forcing her lips to her friend&#8217;s dripping pussy.
I&#8217;ll punish you later, after we get home.&nbsp; I could feel my dick getting harder and harder as Monique started to groan and grind her pussy into Emily&#8217;s darting tongue.
&nbsp; 
Hey fellas.&nbsp; The room went silent as I dragged Monique in on her leash.&nbsp; There were at least a dozen guys scattered around the room, waiting on the couches and chairs that lined the legion hall.&nbsp; Somebody had set up an old mattress on the floor, in preparation for the evening&#8217;s festivities.&nbsp; The men looked to be fortified with drink, and instantly I saw half the room go hard as they saw my girl in her cheerleader outfit dragged in behind me.
So boys, here as I promised, a pretty young thing for you to bone.&nbsp; Nobody said a word, but their eyes were locked eagerly on the girl.&nbsp; 
Check out this hot little cunt.&nbsp; Monique squealed in protest, and utter humiliation, as I lifted her skirt and ran my fingers over her pussy.&nbsp; 
The bitch is wet and ready for use.&nbsp; As you can see, she&#8217;s gagged, but fully ready for your cocks, in all three holes.&nbsp; The guys around the roomed looked nervous, but excited, as they stared at Monique in her cute little outfit.&nbsp; One by one they started stroking their cocks.&nbsp; Most of the guys were in their 40s, but they ranged in age from 30 to 60.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sure there was more Viagra present in the room than I could even imagine, some pharmacist had been busy.
Well, what are you waiting for?&nbsp; It was like releasing chum into the water, instantly the men stood, almost in unison, and pounced on the girl.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s crush, her much lusted after teacher, was the first to her.&nbsp; He was mid-40s perhaps, but didn&#8217;t look it, his hair was a little thin, there was an incipient bald spot, but he looked youthful, and obviously worked out.&nbsp; I could almost see why Monique had wanted him to pop her cheery.
The men circled Monique like prey, a dozen hands were on her in a heartbeat; pinching her nipples, fingering her pussy, and smacking her ass.&nbsp; Mr. Wilson had hold of her head, one hand tugged on the long mane of hair that escaped under the hood, while the other, it was up under her chin, arching her head back.&nbsp; He buried his tongue in the opening of the ring-gag as multiple hands squeezed her tits and fingered her pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s old teacher didn&#8217;t waste any time, he claimed his prize and pushed her back over the armrest of one of the couches.&nbsp; He had his pants down around his ankles in an instant and grabbed for her hips, pulling them to the edge of the cushion, in perfect position to be fucked.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The other guys acted like a well scripted troupe, two grabbed for a leg each and held them wide, keeping her ass balanced on the edge of the sofa.&nbsp; Mr. Wilson roared like a beast as he slammed his prick in Monique&#8217;s tight slit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK!!!!&nbsp; I could hear Monique squeal and start to screech as her old teacher started to fuck her pussy.&nbsp; One of the other guys climbed on the couch and straddled her face, grabbing the back of her head he buried his cock through the ring wedged behind her teeth and started to face-fuck her brutally.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wondered how many of the guys in the room had ever had the chance to use such a hot, young girl.&nbsp; I knew they wanted to, seeing the hot little bitches pass through their classes over the years.&nbsp; I could see the urgency, the anticipation, the need of the guys waiting their turn, ready to fuck my little cheerleading princess stupid.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took only a few minutes before Mr. Wilson started to holler, he had hold of Monique&#8217;s hips, his hands were clamped like claws on her flesh, pulling her body to him as drove his prick deep in her belly time and time again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;HOOOLLLLYYYY FFFFUUUCCCKKKKK!!!&nbsp; The teacher jerked his hips violently into the girl, slamming his balls against her ass he buried his cock to the hilt in Monique&#8217;s teenage pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FFFUUUUCCCKKKKK!!!!&nbsp; Sweat was pouring down Mr. Wilson&#8217;s back and his hair was sopping, his whole body quivered with joyous orgasm.&nbsp; The other guys held Monique&#8217;s legs wide, impatiently waiting their turn. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mr. Wilson slowly unsheathed his raging cock from his former student&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; He clamped his hands on her breasts and buried his fingers in her tit-meat as the other guy continued to fuck her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My turn!&nbsp; One of the other teachers let go of Monique&#8217;s long leg and shoved Mr. Wilson out of the way.&nbsp; Instantly another guy took hold of her thigh and kept it splayed wide.&nbsp; It all happened like a perfectly choreographed play.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;YYYYEEEAAAHHHHH!!!&nbsp; The new guy started bunny-fucking Monique, the sound of flesh slapping flesh echoed through the room, along with the grunts of the man using my cheerleader princesses mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit that was incredible!&nbsp; Mr. Wilson approached and put out his hand as a greeting.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Where did you find a girl like that?&nbsp; I just smirked and shook his hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Around.&nbsp; I could hear the guy using Monique bellow in the background.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She&#8217;s fucking incredible.&nbsp; I&#8217;m Rick by the way, we&#8217;ve talked on the phone.&nbsp; He was breathing hard, almost panting.&nbsp; 
I can&#8217;t thank you guys enough for this, that pussy, it was fucking awesome, incredible.&nbsp; He turned, distracted by the scene in front of us.&nbsp; He didn&#8217;t say a word, just watched my pampered cheerleading princess getting used as a cum receptacle.&nbsp; Monique was now on her belly, her hips balanced on the edge of the couch.&nbsp; She was getting rutted from behind by the third guy, so far, to use her pussy.&nbsp; I was impressed, the old guys were using her brutally fast.&nbsp; Another had hold of her hood and was fucking her mouth through the ring wedged behind her teeth. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We stood in silence for a few minutes more, watching Monique getting fucked raw.
Well, guess me and Jim are going to grab something to eat, think you can manage here?&nbsp; Mr. Wilson was still sucking in lung-fulls of air, he hadn&#8217;t bothered to put his clothes back on.&nbsp; His chest was heaving and his dick still stood erect from his frame.&nbsp; I knew Monique was in for another fucking from him soon, if he could get his turn.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thanks, yeah, that was fucking incredible!&nbsp; He was breathless and could barely gasp out the words.&nbsp; I&#8217;m not sure he heard a word I&#8217;d said, he stood there, awe-struck and transfixed on the scene.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We hadn&#8217;t been there more than 15 minutes and already three guys had fucked my dear cheerleader&#8217;s pussy, and two more had fucked her mouth.&nbsp; Jim and I were just about out the door when I turned to see they had her on her knees with a half dozen guys circling her.&nbsp; They took turns ramming their cock between the ring wedged behind her teeth, while her hands moved from dick to dick, acting as her own fluffer, priming their cocks to use her.&nbsp; I thought I could hear her cooing, and moaning in lust as she kept her long fingers moving quickly from dick to dick.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What a little slut.&nbsp; I laughed and smacked Jim on the back as we started out the door.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s get some food, I think she&#8217;s in for a long night.&nbsp; Jim and I were chuckling as the door slammed shut behind us.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hear Monique grunting as Jim and I walked back into the legion hall.&nbsp; She was pinned between two of the old guys, she was on her back with her legs splayed wide, getting fucked hard.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t even see her upper body, her favorite crush was underneath her, his dick rammed in her ass while his hands were clamped on her tits.&nbsp; One of the other teachers was on top of her, slamming into her pussy violently, making her legs jerk with the brutal double-team fucking.&nbsp; Her white tennis shoes and pretty ankle socks danced in the air as they used her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I had been gone for a few hours, we left to grab some dinner and leave the boys to our pretty little girl.&nbsp; I was utterly shocked that the guys were still at it.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t think they had it in them, but with the pharmaceutical help in play, plus a hot young pussy to fuck, it could turn on any guy, especially teachers.&nbsp; After years of being teased and taunted by the pretty young things, it had to be torture sitting there day-after-day, seeing those hot cunts that they couldn&#8217;t touch, and now, they were getting their just reward, taking it out on my dear little Monique.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t even imagine how hard they would have used her if they&#8217;d have known it was one of their former students under the hood.
I heard an animal roar rip through the room and the guy on top of Monique jerked his hips violently into her belly, slamming his cock into her pussy between her widely splayed thighs.&nbsp; A spasm went down his spine as he spewed his load in my pretty cheerleader&#8217;s womb, then he quickly dismounted the girl. 
Mr. Wilson, Rick as I now knew him, as soon as the other guy de-cunted Monique, he rolled her over onto her belly and got her up on her hands and knees.&nbsp; His prick never left the tight sheath of her ass, and soon he was riding the girl like an animal.&nbsp; He had hold of the mane of hair that escaped under the hood and pulled on it brutally, like reins to a horse.&nbsp; I could hear the clear slap of his groin on her ass as she was slammed forward with each violent thrust of his hips.&nbsp; She yelped each time his cock went to the hilt in her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His body spasmed and his muscles went rigid as he unloaded another load of cum into her body.&nbsp; I wonder how many times he&#8217;d cum tonight, how much sperm had been deposited in, and on, my dear cheerleader princess.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique could barely walk as Jim and I dragged her out into the parking lot.&nbsp; Her inner thighs were coated with dozens of loads of cum that had been spewed in her pussy and ass, and were now seeping out of her well-used holes.&nbsp; Her black hood was slimed with sperm and spit.&nbsp; Under the ragged and torn cheerleader top, her breasts were red, her nipples were swollen and puffy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How did you like that cunt?&nbsp; I leaned in and whispered in Monique&#8217;s ear.&nbsp; She was whimpering as she staggered over the rough gravel.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How did you like that last cock up your ass bitch.&nbsp; That was your favorite teacher, Mr. Wilson.&nbsp; Was it everything you ever imagined cunt?&nbsp; Monique started to sob louder and louder.&nbsp; A trail of sperm and saliva hung from the leather and trailed down over her chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Could you tell what cock was his slut?&nbsp; He fucked your ass, your pussy, and your mouth.&nbsp; Did you like the taste of his cum cunt?&nbsp; I loved taunting and mocking Monique.&nbsp; I loved the way she cried harder and harder with every word I said.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Did you like it bitch?&nbsp; I bet you still would have loved him to pop your cherry, wouldn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; She let out a shriek as I grabbed for her nipple and twisted it violently, the flesh was raw and swollen.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time to get you home slut.&nbsp; I shoved Monique into the back of the van, there was a big sheet on the floorboard, to keep the carpet from getting too slimed with cum, I didn&#8217;t want her to mess up my vehicle.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique sobbed the whole time we drove home.&nbsp; Once we were parked at the house I let Jim deal with her for the night, Tara was inside, perhaps he&#8217;d let her clean up our fucked over cheerleading princess.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t much care to be honest, I wanted to get to my little pet, my dick was aching and I wanted to fuck her, after I punished her of course.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was curled in the little doggy cushion on the floor next to the bed, her collar was locked with a chain to a ring set in the wall.&nbsp; Her hands were pulled up and her cuffs were hooked to the collar around her neck.&nbsp; It made her look like she was praying, almost, in a slightly perverted way.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her eyes fluttered as she slowly came to.&nbsp; It was almost sunrise and the light was eerie in the bedroom.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Did you sleep well slut?&nbsp; She rolled onto her side with difficulty.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You should have seen it cunt, Monique getting fucked by all your old teacher&#8217;s.&nbsp; Emily groaned as I knelt next to her and slipped my finger between her thighs and up into her pussy.&nbsp; Her eyes rolled back in her head as I started to slowly fuck her with my hand.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She got fucked by at least a dozen guys cunt, they fucked all her holes.&nbsp; Emily moaned and squeezed her thighs on my wrist.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t you feel bad slut, ratting her out like that, telling me she had a crush on her old teacher?&nbsp; I twisted my finger inside her tight, needy pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t you feel bad cunt, selling out your friend like that?&nbsp; Emily was panting, almost cooing as I finger fucked her harder and harder.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He fucked her up the ass, all of them did.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll have to have her tell you about it later.&nbsp; Emily groaned and her thighs squeezed down on my wrist was I wiggled my finger in her pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m happy you told me bitch, but you were a bad girl!&nbsp; Her eyes went wide as I pulled my finger from her quivering slit.&nbsp; She yelped in shock more than pain as I took hold of her nipples and pinched them between my fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;ve been a bad little girl cunt, and now you need to be punished."&nbsp; Emily shrieked as I twisted her erect buds hard.&nbsp; She tried to squirm away, but with her hands locked to her collar, she was helpless. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t get me wrong slut, I appreciate it, but just think of poor Monique, your friend, getting fucked over like that.&nbsp; I let go of her nipples and brought a finger to her lips laughing at her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bet you wanted to be fucked by all those teachers instead of Monique, didn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I could see the tears start to form in her pretty eyes as I pushed down on her tongue and made her gag.
You&#8217;re jealous, aren&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Emily started sobbing and closed her eyes trying to turn away from me.
She squealed in pain as I grabbed for her hair and pulled her over my thighs.&nbsp; Her legs kicked in the air a s she shrieked in pain.&nbsp; I kept hold of her hair with one hand as I smacked her ass hard with the other.
I met Mr. Wilson cunt, he&#8217;s a good looking guy, I bet you dreamed of him popping your cherry too, didn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I slapped my palm down hard on her ass again and again while pulling hard on her hair, arching her head up so I was looking into her eyes.
He fucked Monique up the ass bitch, betcha you would&#8217;ve loved that, wouldn&#8217;t you slut!&nbsp; My hand hurt from spanking the girl and my dick was aching.&nbsp; Emily was crying hard, tears streaked down her cheeks.
Want me to fuck you cunt?&nbsp; She was sobbing as I jerked her head up by the hair, staring her straight in the eyes.
I pulled Emily to her feet, her legs were shaking with her hands balled into little fists, her wrists clipped to her collar.
I think you still need a little lesson cunt.&nbsp; I shoved Emily back onto the bed.
Spread those legs, keep them open!&nbsp; I could see the fear in her eyes as I slipped my thick leather belt from my waist and doubled it over.
Keep&#8217;em open cunt!&nbsp; The belt cut through the air menacingly as I tested the weight of the leather.&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s legs were shuddering, but she kept them splayed wide. 
She shrieked in pain as I brought the broad leather strap down between her legs.&nbsp; Her knees jerked in as the crack of the belt on her pussy rang through the room.&nbsp; I could feel my dick getting harder by the second as I brought the leather down on her cunt over and over again.&nbsp; 
I don&#8217;t know how many blows I laid on her pussy, but my head was pounding, I could feel the lust pumping through my veins as I watched the girl&#8217;s legs jerk in and out violently.&nbsp; Her whole body writhed in pain with each shot of the belt.&nbsp; 
Emily groaned as I mounted her.&nbsp; She yelped as I jammed my prick in her pussy.
Holy shit!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s eyes were shut, her arms were pinned against my chest, her wrists still locked to her collar.&nbsp; I grabbed the back of her head, forcing her to stare straight into my eyes.
Look at me cunt!&nbsp; She tried to stifle back the tears, sniffling like a little child.
You know you love it slut!&nbsp; I slowly started rocking my hips, grinding my cock into her burning, aching pussy.
That&#8217;s it bitch, this is what you&#8217;re made for, and you know it!&nbsp; I could feel her pussy throbbing, her vaginal muscles clamping down on my pistoning cock as the bed creaked beneath us.
Maybe I&#8217;ll get the teachers together and let them fuck you next time.&nbsp; Emily grunted with each thrust of my hips into her belly.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

-----

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc walked in with Jayme in tow, she was dressed in leather, her massive tits bulged and were barely restrained by the smooth, straining hide.&nbsp; She staggered on high heels, taking ginger steps behind her cruel Master.&nbsp; Doc tugged her forward with the leash clipped to her collar.&nbsp; She was gagged, I recognized the penis-gag he&#8217;d borrowed his last visit jammed between her glistening teeth.&nbsp; Her eyes were wide, and filled with fear and discomfort.&nbsp; 

To be continued &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Thanks for reading and I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com










Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
by
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Thirty

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc walked in the house with Jayme in tow, she was dressed in leather, her massive tits bulged and were barely restrained by the smooth, straining hide zipped tight over her bosom.&nbsp; 
She staggered on high heels that had to be near 6 tall.&nbsp; Doc tugged her inexorably forward with a leash clipped to her collar, she took ginger steps behind her cruel Master on the towering heels.&nbsp; 
She was gagged, I recognized the penis-gag as the one he&#8217;d borrowed from me his last visit, it was jammed between her glistening teeth and strapped tight around her head.&nbsp; Her eyes were wide, and filled with fear and discomfort as she moved awkwardly behind her sadistic owner.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hello boys.&nbsp; Jayme grunted as he jerked on the leash and she came to a halt, heeling obediently by his side.&nbsp; 
Looky here, how are you doing?&nbsp; Emily was kneeling on the floor at the foot of my chair, her arms were pulled behind her back and bound in a leather sheath that encircled her arms from the elbow to the tip of her pretty fingers.&nbsp; Her hands were encased in a leather mitt, you could see her fingers wiggling inside, but she couldn&#8217;t do anything useful with them.&nbsp; With her elbows pulled together in the sheath, her perfect breasts were forced out.&nbsp; Her puffy nipples were clamped with heavy lead weights that dangled from rubber coated teeth pinching down on her sensitive buds.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see how she cowered, trying to recoil from Doc&#8217;s touch as he reached out and ran his fingers over her jaw.&nbsp; She whimpered softly as he lifted the weight hanging from her breast in his palm, then suddenly jerked it off her nipple.&nbsp; Emily shrieked, but didn&#8217;t move, the painful expression on her face was lovely though, and made my dick start to throb.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think we still need to do something about these tits buddy, they&#8217;re just too fucking small.&nbsp; Doc smacked his palm down hard on Emily&#8217;s breast, then in a blur, ripped the weighted clamp off her other nipple.&nbsp; Emily doubled over and howled in pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc grabbed hold of Emily&#8217;s hair and jerked her head up so her neck was arched and she stared him in the eyes.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Open your mouth cunt!&nbsp; I could see the tears of disgust welling in her eyes as Doc spit between her gaping lips.&nbsp; Emily tried to pull away, but he held her scalp firmly and spit again, this time in her face, landing a huge wad of saliva on her forehead.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry cunt, I&#8217;ll get my hands on you, someday.&nbsp; Doc spit again on her forehead and in her hair, laughing while he did.&nbsp; Emily was sobbing softly as he let go of her long pretty locks, she groaned in complete and utter humiliation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc seemed oblivious to Emily once he let go of her hair.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Take a look boys, check out this."&nbsp; Doc waved his hands like a model, as if revealing a new product.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Show them your tits honey?&nbsp; Jayme&#8217;s hands were trembling as she brought her fingers to the metal zipper that barely constrained her ample bosom.&nbsp; Slowly she lowered the metal clasp and her bountiful tits eased from the straining leather.&nbsp; Once they hit the threshold where the outfit could no longer hold them, they popped out suddenly from the leather and flopped over the hide.&nbsp; 
Jayme&#8217;s breasts, they were wrapped tightly in rope and had were bright red, almost purple.&nbsp; Loops of cord were wrapped around the base her massive tits and knotted off, keeping them cinched tight.&nbsp; The free ends of the rope fell over her belly and hung over the smooth leather of her skirt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Isn&#8217;t that a pretty sight boys?&nbsp; Jayme shrieked into the gag as Doc slapped his palm down on her tits in quick succession, one after another brutally.&nbsp; I could see the tears welling in her eyes as he brought his hand down on her swollen, aching, breasts over and over again.&nbsp; Her legs started to shake as he grabbed each nipple between his fingers and started pinching them viciously.&nbsp; The discomfort and desperation was clear in her eyes as he twisted her engorged nipples violently.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So what&#8217;s up boys?&nbsp; Got anything goin&#8217; on?&nbsp; Jayme was panting hard when he finally let go of her nipples and turned his attention away from her, unfortunately for her, only temporarily.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Check this out."&nbsp; Doc snapped his fingers inches from Jayme's face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Show'em your ass cunt."&nbsp; Jayme sobbed softly, her tits growing darker by the second.&nbsp; She moved with difficulty, balancing on the towering heels, gingerly turning around as she pirouetted on the heels, then slowly lifting the short, short leather skirt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her ass was stripped with lurid red marks where the cane had bit into her flesh repeatedly, the lines covered her flesh from her lower back to almost her knees.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You should have heard the bitch scream."&nbsp; Doc reached down and started rubbing his cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I had her wailing like a banshee!"&nbsp; Emily let out a yelp as Doc grabbed for her hair and jerked her head toward him, leaning down he buried his tongue in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was whimpering and tried to scurry away as much as she could the instant Doc took his lips from hers and let go of her hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You gonna let me fuck your little toy here buddy?"&nbsp; My dick was throbbing harder and harder as I watched him torment Emily, and looking at the stripes across Jayme's ass, I was tempted to see my little slut abused by Doc, but I held off.&nbsp; I just smiled and shook my head no.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well," he reached down and ran his hand over Emily's cheek, rubbing away the tears that streaked down her face.&nbsp; 
"Another time cunt, another time."&nbsp; His attention was diverted from my girl and he was focused back on Jayme in a heartbeat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Guess you'll have to do bitch."&nbsp; Doc grabbed for the dangling ropes that fell from Jayme's tits and jerked on them harshly, tugging her upright.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You ready to get your ass fucked cunt?&nbsp; That's all you're really good for, isn't it?"&nbsp; He jerked on the ropes with one hand, then smacked her across the face with the other.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I think this slut needs some sun too, don't you agree boys?&nbsp; Let's take her out on the deck."&nbsp; Doc's eyes flashed and I could see the devious grin form on his face as the plan formed in his head.&nbsp; Jayme cried out as he pulled hard on the ropes and her bulging, aching tits.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I followed dutifully as the girl's high heels clopped on the floor.&nbsp; As soon as Doc was out on the deck he pulled Jayme to the railing and made her bend over it, so the rough wood rail was in her belly.&nbsp; Quickly he had her tied up in the bright sun, she was bent forward, the wood digging into her stomach.&nbsp; He tied the ends of the ropes dangling from her tits to her ankles through the rails, so she was almost squatting, her legs spread wide, the ropes pulling brutally taut between her ankles and tits.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Looky there, she's already to be mounted."&nbsp; Doc laughed as he pulled the leather outfit from her torso.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I want your hands on my hips cunt, I want you to make me ream that ass of yours.&nbsp; You know how I like it bitch!" Doc had hold of Jayme's hair and twisted her face back to him as he talked in her ear.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Otherwise I'm going to really give you something to scream about cunt!"&nbsp; Jayme squealed like a stuck pig as Doc bellied up behind her and buried his massive dick in her ass without a single thought for her discomfort.&nbsp; He grabbed hold of her hair and started fucking her brutally, tugging hard on her scalp as he rutted her hard and fast, the cords tied to her tits pulled brutally taut as she tried to keep her balance on the high heels.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah bitch, I love fucking your ass!"&nbsp; Jayme cried out with each violent thrust of his hips, his huge dick driving into her, impaling her like a weapon.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc had hold of her hair with one hand and smacked her tits with the other.&nbsp; The muscles of her legs were corded and strained as he pounded her hard into the wooden rail time and time again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Doesn't that feel good cunt?"&nbsp; Jayme just sobbed, she had her fingers on his hips as he fucked her.&nbsp; I could see the strain in her breasts as the cords pulled tight each time Doc buried his cock in her ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh shit!"&nbsp; Doc bellowed and slammed his body into Jayme's, burying his dick to the hilt in her ass and slamming her thighs into the railing viciously.&nbsp; Her head fell forward in complete and utter disgrace as he flooded her with his sperm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Holy shit!"&nbsp; Jayme shrieked as he jerked back on her hair and buried his tongue in her mouth while the last drops of cum seeped from his raging prick into her tortured ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Holy fuck!"&nbsp; Jayme's head fell forward and she groaned when Doc let go of her hair, her legs were shaking violently as he eased his massive shaft from her brutalized rectum.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Who's up next?"&nbsp; Doc slowly eased his pants up over his still raging prick, Jayme was crying harder, the ropes pulling taut on her tits as her legs convulsed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as I got behind her I felt Jayme's hands reaching back grasping my hips.&nbsp; She was sobbing and completely unwilling, but I felt her fingers on my skin pulling me toward her, urging me to use her.&nbsp; 
I took hold of her hair and started riding her, slamming my dick in her pussy over and over again.&nbsp; The way she cried, it only made me more excited, I loved the way she sobbed, and yet, she still clamped her hands on my thighs and pulled me toward her, driving my dick deeper and deeper in her belly as I rutted her like an animal.&nbsp; 
Jayme screamed as I pulled her hair with one hand and reached under her body and squeezed her aching, bulging tit with the other.&nbsp; I could feel her nails digging into the skin of my ass as I smacked her breast with my palm.&nbsp; 
My head was pounding, my dick was raging so hard as I drove into the girl's tortured pussy.&nbsp; My ears were ringing as I tugged hard on her scalp, smacking her tits with my hand, loving the way she suffered for me.
Hollllyyyyyy ffuuuuuccckkkkkk!!!!&nbsp; I slammed forward hard, driving her hips against the railing and burying my cock to the hilt in her pussy.&nbsp; I could feel her vaginal muscles clamping down on me as my balls started to spurt in her belly.
Holy shit!&nbsp; Jayme&#8217;s head hung limp as I let go of her hair and slowly eased my dick out of her pussy.&nbsp; I wondered if Doc ever let her cum, or if she was now just a pure pain slut for his sadistic pleasures.
Holy crap that felt good.&nbsp; Jim brushed by me bumping shoulders as he rushed toward the girl.&nbsp; He had his cock buried in the tormented girl before I even got my pants up from around my ankles. 
I love making that bitch scream.&nbsp; Doc rubbed his dick as we watched Jim using the girl.&nbsp; She was wailing, he had both hands clamped on her breasts and was using them as handles as he slammed into her pussy brutally.&nbsp; Jayme&#8217;s legs were convulsing, shaking violently as she tried to keep her balance, squatting, being fucked hard and fast.
Make me cum bitch!&nbsp; Jim roared, I could see the way he squeezed her tits, pulling hard on them every time he slammed his dick in her pussy.&nbsp; The tears were streaking down Jayme&#8217;s cheeks and running off her chin as he abused her with his cock, over and over again, the slap of flesh on flesh rang out as his hips drove her into the wooden railing.&nbsp; 
FFFUUUCKKKKKK!!!!&nbsp; Jim bellowed and his body spasmed, he jerked forward, driving his prick deep in the girl&#8217;s belly making her squeal in pain.
FUCK!&nbsp; Jim squeezed Jayme&#8217;s bulging tits like he was milking a cow.&nbsp; Her head hung over the rail and she cried piteously.&nbsp; Her hands were still on Jim&#8217;s hips, her fingers digging into his skin pulling his body into hers, impaling him deep in her tortured slit.
Fuck that was good!&nbsp; Jim slid his prick from her belly and smacked her hard on the ass.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck.&nbsp; Jim was smiling ear to ear as he eased his pants up over his thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I think the bitch needs a little sun, don't you boys?&nbsp; She's kinda pasty?"&nbsp; Doc smacked me on the shoulder, mocking the girl as Jim buckled his pants.&nbsp; Jayme's hips moved from side to side as she squatted over the rail, she looked back over at us, trying to beg to be let go, but Doc had already turned away and was heading in the house.&nbsp; Mascara streaked down her cheeks as her arms flailed unrestrained-but fruitlessly-by her side.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Isn't there a game on?" Doc was oblivious to his suffering slave, and Jim and I followed unquestioningly, he pulled the door shut behind us and left his slave on the deck, in the sun, her tits bulging and purple, her thighs quivering and sperm seeping from her abused holes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I need a beer buddy, where is that other cunt of yours?"&nbsp; Doc stood over Emily and brushed the hair from her eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Guess your Master still won't let me play with you slut, but someday, someday."&nbsp; Emily shuddered softly as Doc stood over her and stroked his cock gently.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll go get her."&nbsp; Emily sighed in relief as I grabbed her leash and Doc sat down.&nbsp; She had a hard time getting to her feet, having been on her knees all day, but when she managed, she ambled obediently behind me as I tugged on the chain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could tell Emily was glad to be away from Doc, she scurried quickly, happily, into her cage as I opened the door, not complaining in the least that I left her bound, her arms pinned uncomfortably behind her back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You're up cunt!"&nbsp; I unlocked Monique's door and she crawled out on her hands and knees, she leaned down and kissed my feet then looked up at me.&nbsp; The black leather of her collar was cinched tight around her neck and the cuffs locked on her wrists and ankles contrasted beautifully with her smooth skin.&nbsp; The white lacey lingerie she wore only made her appear all the more enticing.&nbsp; She had on sheer white stockings and a teddy, but nothing else.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I snapped my fingers and Monique got to her feet, she stretched gracefully, like a cat, she needed to, after being locked in her cage all day.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It's time to put you to work slut."&nbsp; Monique's nipples were hard, I could almost see her pussy getting wet at the thought of being used.&nbsp; She almost purred as I snapped the leash to her collar and started dragging her after me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique moved behind me in her stocking feet.&nbsp;&nbsp; She let out a little bleat of shock as we entered the room and she saw Jayme bent over the rail, tied in the sun outside on the deck.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You remember Doc, and Jim?&nbsp; Monique took her gaze off her friend and looked at Doc, I could see a quiver go down her spine.&nbsp; I smiled, knowing there was little chance she could forget any of us, especially Doc.&nbsp; I let go of the leash and let it fall over her chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc needs a beer.&nbsp; Jim, want anything?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Beer me cunt!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make it three.&nbsp; I fell into my chair, Doc already had the game on and was leaning back on the couch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You gonna let me pump up her tits buddy?&nbsp; I&#8217;d like to have her in my dungeon for a few weeks, I&#8217;d like to see who I could make scream louder, your cunt or mine.&nbsp; Doc was rubbing his cock again already, I could see the bulge rising in his pants.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique slipped back into the room, Doc acted surprised when she returned and stood next to him holding out a cold bottle of beer.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy crap she&#8217;s quiet buddy, I don&#8217;t like that, you should put a bell on her, like a cow.&nbsp; Monique kept her head held low and shuffled to where Jim sat, handing him the bottle before coming to me and kneeling by my side.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She is a pretty cunt, isn&#8217;t she?&nbsp; Doc took a large swig from his beer as he kept his eyes locked on Monique.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tall as she is, I could definitely put some huge titties on that girl.&nbsp; I reached out and petted Monique on the head, her hair was soft and she moaned&nbsp; as I rubbed her gently.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You boys should have seen my cunt the other night, had her frothing at the mouth, set up a new electric toy I&#8217;ve been working on and used it on her.&nbsp; You should have heard her begging, it was music to the ears.&nbsp; Hell, my dick gets hard just thinking about it now.&nbsp; Doc&#8217;s eyes were fixed on Monique as he rubbed his cock through his pants.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What&#8217;s the score?&nbsp; Doc kept looking over at Monique as each inning passed, every few minutes she&#8217;d get up and grab us something from the kitchen, always returning to my side after delivering it to the guys.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You, cunt, over her!&nbsp; Monique looked up at me, I could see the glimmer of fear in her eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You heard him, go see what he wants bitch.&nbsp; Monique got warily to her feet, she moved slowly to where Doc sat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come here, straddle my leg cunt!&nbsp; Doc slapped his thigh, Monique lifted her leg and went over his knee.&nbsp; A shock went through her body as Doc reached out and moved his palm over her belly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I don&#8217;t want you to cum till I give you permission, understand me cunt?&nbsp; Monique nodded.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are a pretty cunt, maybe Pat&#8217;ll sell you to me one day, I&#8217;d like to give you some huge knockers.&nbsp; His words were starting to slur a little after the beers, he slipped the strap of her negligee off her shoulder and exposed her right breast, he was gently tugging on her nipple, rolling it between his fingers as he did.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You could make a good living as a stripper then cunt, with big titties.&nbsp; He smacked his palm down on her breast hard, making her yelp.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s see how you&#8217;d do, grind on my thigh cunt.&nbsp; Monique looked around nervously, then started gyrating her hips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No, grind me cunt, rub that pussy into my leg.&nbsp; Monique whimpered softly as he grabbed her nipple and pulled on it hard, making her squat down and rub her pussy onto his thigh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s better cunt.&nbsp; Monique rode his leg, grinding her pussy down on his thigh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Much nicer bitch.&nbsp; Monique groaned as Doc slipped the thin fabric of her crotch to the side and started fingering her pussy as she humped his thigh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t you dare cum cunt!&nbsp; I could hear Monique start to coo, she had her eyes closed and was working her hips hard, moving side to side, up and down as he fingered her slit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are a needy little whore, aren&#8217;t you bitch?&nbsp; Doc laughed as Monique started moaning, I knew she was close, in spite of herself, in spite of the fear she had of the man, she was almost ready to cum.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Stop!&nbsp; Monique was startled out of her reverie, she stopped moving and squatted over his thigh.&nbsp; Doc set his empty beer bottle on his leg.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mount it cunt!&nbsp; She looked over her shoulder at me, begging me with her eyes, but I just stared unwaveringly at her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I said mount it cunt, now!&nbsp; The bottle jutted a good 8-9 off his thigh, instantly I saw the change in her demeanor as she started trembling softly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mount it, now!Monique stood erect, I could hear her sobbing now, reluctantly she lined the top of the bottle up with her sopping pussy, she had to rise up onto her tiptoes to manage, but the tip of the bottle slipped easily into her snatch and started to disappear into her pussy inch by inch.&nbsp; Lucky for her it was a tall, narrow bottle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She let out a shriek as Doc reached up and grabbed her by the neck, he pulled her upper body down towards him and locked his lips on hers.&nbsp; Only the base of the bottle was visible from her spread pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique jerked upwards when Doc let go of her neck, she was crying hard, nearly the whole beer bottle was buried in her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees bitch!&nbsp; Doc smacked her hard across the cheek.&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s hands were shaking violently as she got gingerly to her knees between his spread thighs.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;d never let you orgasm if you were mine cunt!&nbsp; Doc lifted his hips and undid the fly on his pants, his massive dick popped out and stood erect.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make me cum bitch!&nbsp; Doc grabbed for Monique&#8217;s ears and used them as handles, pulling her lips to his prick and forcing her mouth down on his cock.&nbsp; She gagged and choked as he forced her head down over his shaft.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it cunt, this is what you&#8217;re made for.&nbsp; Monique coughed and spurted when Doc finally eased up on her ears and she started moving her lips over his cock. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique&#8217;s face was flush as Doc used her mouth cruelly, I could see the lust in his eyes as he forced her to blow him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy shit!&nbsp; Doc didn&#8217;t bother with gentleness, when he was about to cum he tugged hard on Monique&#8217;s ears and forced her lips down as far as he could around his shaft.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Holy FUUUCCCCKKKK!!!&nbsp; Monique tried to pull off, to use her hands to push away, but Doc held firm.&nbsp; Her back convulsed and I could see her panicking as he unloaded in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FFFUUUUCCKKKKKK!!!&nbsp; Monique was bawling when he finally let up on his grasp.&nbsp; She coughed and sperm dribbled out of her nose as Doc laughed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Getouttaher bitch!&nbsp; He smacked her tit and pushed her from between his thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Getter while she&#8217;s good.&nbsp; Doc kicked his feet up on the table, not bothering to put his dick back in his pants.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Monique was sobbing, she fell on her back with her legs spread, her fingers went to the end of the bottle stuffed in her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Wait a second bitch, get over her.&nbsp; Jim had his pants around his ankles with his dick raging.&nbsp; Monique sobbed and yelped as she crawled gingerly on the floor.&nbsp; I loved the look of the dark glass jutting out of her slit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knelt in front of Jim, and before she could even react his dick was in her mouth and he was skull-fucking her hard.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You like it, don&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; Jim taunted her as he rammed his cock in between her lips viciously, jerking his hips forward, making her gag as he face fucked her brutally.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it bitch, I bet you like that bottle up your twat, don&#8217;t you!&nbsp; Monique had her hands on his hips, trying to push him away, but it was no use, he held her head firm and pounded into her mouth with his prick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FFFUUUUCCKKKKK!!!&nbsp; Jim pulled out, his dick came from between her lips with a pop as he wound his fingers through her hair and positioned her in front of him, his cock started to spurt and heavy, gelatinous sperm covered her face in an instant.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh yeah!&nbsp; Jim squeezed the last drops of semen out on her forehead, he then grabbed her lustrous hair and wiped his dick clean.&nbsp; When he was done, he pushed her away and sat down.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I snapped my fingers and Monique looked up, tears streaked down her face as she knelt on the floor, her face and hair were spattered with thick lines of cum.&nbsp; I pointed between my legs and the girl reluctantly slid into position, as soon as I had my dick out, I grabbed for Monique&#8217;s hair and forced her lips around my cock.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t ready to cum and held her head in place, forcing her nose into my groin as I kept my dick buried in her mouth.&nbsp; I loved the way she sobbed as I held the back of her head and started watching the game again.

-------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walked in door with Cumsocket in tow.&nbsp; She moved with difficulty.&nbsp; Her hair was a mess of sperm and sweat, the cum had started to dry and made her hair hard and stringy.&nbsp; She was dressed like a street-walker.&nbsp; Her skirt was short and didn&#8217;t even cover her ass.&nbsp; The halter top she wore barely covered her breasts.&nbsp; Her nipples were hard, and were easily visible through the thin fabric, it was stuck to her body with every imaginable form of bodily fluid.&nbsp; Her face was streaked with mascara, though her lips remained painted a lurid red, unaffected by the number of cocks she'd sucked on during the day.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Wasn&#8217;t that fun cunt?&nbsp; Her dark eyes were devoid of emotion, her skin was covered with slime and drool ran down her chin, the red ball-gag spread her jaws wide and her teeth dug deeply into the rubber ball.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How many guys do you think you fucked tonight bitch?&nbsp; Bet you loved it when they came in that dirty Asian snatch of yours, didn&#8217;t you cunt?&nbsp; It was hard to believe what she might have been in her former life.&nbsp; It&#8217;d be hard to imagine her as anything honorable or respected, seeing her now, pantiless, with drying cum caked on her inner thighs and it dribbling out of her pussy and ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It&#8217;d been a long day at the shop, I wasn&#8217;t sure how many of the guys had used the Asian girl, or how many times each, there had been a constant stream of them heading into the back office to take their turn at the girl.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;d set the room up with an old metal framed bed and dingy mattress, it was pretty damn distracting sometimes, hearing the metal creak and the slap of flesh on flesh.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sure some of the time more than one of the guys had used her at the same time, not wanting to wait.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I walked into the bedroom and flipped on the lights I could hear Monique come to life in her cage.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"How are you doing cunt?"&nbsp; Monique looked up at me with sad eyes, she spread her legs and slipped the vibrator out of her pussy, she held it up for me to see.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Master, the batteries are dead."&nbsp; She was pouting as she stared up at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I ignored Monique's pleas and moved to the side of the bed, Emily was curled in a ball on the little doggy mattress, her hands and feet were encased in mitts, a thick black leather collar was locked around her neck, and a heavy steel chain clanged from the ring on the front of her collar and was attached to an anchor in the wall.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily popped up on her haunches, she brought her mitted hands up under her chin like an obedient puppy and thrust out her tongue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I've got a treat for you cunt."&nbsp; I tugged hard on cumsocket's leash, her heels thudded on the floor as I dragged her to my side.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Licky, licky!"&nbsp; I pulled the asian girl over Emily.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Spread your legs slut!"&nbsp; Cumsocket straddled Emily's face.&nbsp; For an instant I saw my little pet recoil, but when I snapped my fingers she thrust out her tongue, arched her head back, and started running it over the asian girl's thighs.&nbsp; Her head was up under the short skirt and I heard cumsocket groan.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Tasty?" Emily looked up at me with a humiliated expression.&nbsp; I loved it.&nbsp; I could fee my dick starting to get hard as eyes the tears welled in her eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I want you to lick her clean cunt, I want you to suck down all that tasty cum the boys' deposited in the dirty whore's holes, understand me?"&nbsp; Emily nodded softly, then started moving her tongue over the asian girl's quivering flesh.&nbsp; I could see the sperm dribbling out of the girl's swollen and raw pussy onto Emily's tongue.&nbsp; 

------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I met Jim at the door, he had Tara in tow, she was naked, but for a few accessories which I wouldn&#8217;t necessarily call clothes.&nbsp; He pulled her along using a leash attached to her nipple rings.&nbsp; She was gagged, a red ball-gag was wedged between her teeth, the leather straps crossed her face and forehead.&nbsp; Her wrists were pinned by her side, she wore a thick leather belt around her tummy, and her cuffs were clipped to the belt.&nbsp; A crotch-strap went from the front of the belt to the back, it was perhaps an inch wide and spread her pussy lips indecently, I&#8217;m sure it wasn&#8217;t pleasant for her, not that what she thought mattered.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Very nice.&nbsp; Is she stuffed?&nbsp; I reached out and ran my hand over Tara&#8217;s belly, her muscles quivered under my touch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of course, dildo in her pussy, plug in her ass!&nbsp; Right cunt?&nbsp; Tara groaned as Jim reached out and trailed his fingers over her cheek, it almost looked affectionate.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Where are your girls?&nbsp; I smiled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve got something to show you.&nbsp; Tara&#8217;s heels clapped on the stairs as we descended into the basement.&nbsp; You could hear the creaking of metal and the thud of heels on the cement floor before you could see the girls.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thought the bitches needed a little better exercise regime.&nbsp; Emily, Monique and Cumsocket walked in a never-ending circle, around and around they went.&nbsp; They were all naked and wearing heels, they were high stepping, moaning and sweating profusely, even in the cool dampness of the basement, or dungeon, whatever moniker you preferred.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nice, very nice, when did you do this?&nbsp; I smiled, it really had turned out nicely.&nbsp; I&#8217;d fabricated a central pivot with a motor and 4 radiating arms that hung from the ceiling, the girls were attached to the end of the arms, which were a good 15&#8217; long each.&nbsp; Chains hung from the ends and were attached to each of the girl&#8217;s collars.&nbsp; The motor kept them going at a constant pace, whatever pace I choose to have them workout at.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ve even got one ready for your bitch too, the girl&#8217;s have been going for a half-hour already, so she&#8217;s gonna have to get some extra work later, if she wants to keep in shape.&nbsp; I laughed out loud, Tara&#8217;s eyes met mine for an instant before she dropped her head and looked at the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ready for your workout cunt?&nbsp; I grabbed the little remote for the motor and slowly brought the walker to a stop.&nbsp; My girl&#8217;s were panting, I loved the way they looked, perspiration pouring off their bodies, drops hanging on their nipples, then falling to the floor.&nbsp; There was a circle of hard-earned sweat at their feet, forming a ring on the floor marking their unending path round and round.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s get her going.&nbsp; Jim dragged Tara to the free arm and grabbed the chain, I think he was tempted to attached it to her nipple rings, but instead just clipped it to her collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Giddyup girls!&nbsp; Jim smacked Tara hard on the ass as I slowly wound up the motor and set the girls walking again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;High step it cunt!&nbsp; Tara struggled to get her coordination down, staggering as she got comfortable with the rhythm of the machine.&nbsp; Jim and I stood back and watched the endless turn of the girls going round and round.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Wanna beer?&nbsp; I directed Jim to the Adirondack chairs set against the wall then grabbed a couple beers from the small fridge I&#8217;d put next to the dog cages.
They should make this a sport, it&#8217;s fucking fun to watch!&nbsp; The girl&#8217;s moaned and groaned as they circled the basement over and over again, bringing their knees high, almost touching their chests as they were pulled along at a decent pace.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m going to work them daily, wouldn&#8217;t want the cunts to get out of shape.&nbsp; Jim and I clanged bottles and laughed in unison.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whatta think?&nbsp; Half-hour?&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sounds good to me, I&#8217;ll be ready to fuck one of the sweaty bitches by then.&nbsp; Jim didn&#8217;t take his eyes off the girls as he responded to me, he just kept watching them go round and round.&nbsp; 

To Be Continued

Thanks for reading.&nbsp; Sorry for the long delay in getting this chapter out, I hope you&#8217;ve enjoyed the story.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com










Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
by
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Thirty-One


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My dick was aching by the time I woke up, I'd had the most wonderful dream, and my prick actually hurt I was so turned on.&nbsp; I didn't really remember what got me so worked up, it was just a faint, hazy, memory at this stage, but I knew it had been a wonderful dream, and probably about one of my girls'.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard Emily moaning at the side of the bed and I started to rub my cock in anticipation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You ready for me bitch?"&nbsp; I rolled to my side and looked over the edge of the mattress, I saw Emily there, naked, ass thrust high in the air, her legs were spread wide and clipped to the corners of an aluminum frame she was mounted to.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It's nice to own a shop, one with skilled fabricators who can make any toy I want, or need, and who ask no questions along the way.&nbsp; But why would they, when I give them access to the Asian cunt to use for their needs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily's arms were pulled out in front of her and spread wide, they were locked to the corners of the frame like her legs.&nbsp; Her neck was snapped in a padded stainless steel ring that barely rose from the floor, keeping her head held low.&nbsp; Her lips were wrapped around a thick dildo that rose from the frame.&nbsp; Drool coated the rubber shaft that kept her head locked in place.&nbsp; There was a padded bar up under her belly, and the frame kept her mounted in the perfect position to be fucked, either in her ass, or pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I loved the way her torso shuddered as she sobbed, sending the heavy lead weights clamped to her nipples swinging brutally.&nbsp; A thick butt plug was buried in her ass, and the gentle, constant hum of vibrators buzzed through the room.&nbsp; There was the slightly muffled hum coming from the one stuffed deep in her needy, convulsing, pussy, and the louder, but less intense one, was clamped to her swollen, throbbing, clit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This is what you're made for, isn't it cunt?&nbsp; You love it, being my fucktoy!"&nbsp; I smacked her ass hard, I could hear her sobbing with humiliation as the orgasms ripped through her belly.&nbsp; I loved that she couldn't help it, the way her body, her pussy, belied her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tried to twist her head, to see me better, but with her lips wrapped around the dildo, all she could do was try to follow me with her eyes in her limited spectrum.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard her squeal as I threw my legs over the edge of the bed, stroking my cock all the while.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Should I fuck that ass of yours bitch?&nbsp; It's in such a perfect position to be used."&nbsp; I brought my palm down brutally hard on her quivering rump again, making her groan in pain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You're one wet, needy slut, aren't you?&nbsp; How many times did you orgasm last night?"&nbsp; I brought my hand down hard on her ass again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You love it, don't you cunt, being a mindless fucktoy?"&nbsp; She yelped as I grabbed the base of the butt plug stuffed in her ass and slowly started easing it out.&nbsp; I loved the way she moaned louder and louder as the shaft grew in dimension and I torturously pulled it from her body, till it slipped out of her nether hole with an audible pop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The boys did a good job with the frame, didn't they?"&nbsp; I ran my hand over her twitching skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Maybe we should take it, and you, down to the shop and try it out, let them gangbang the shit out of you?&nbsp; Whadda think bitch?&nbsp; All those cocks up your pussy and ass?&nbsp; Twenty or thirty cum shots on your face, in your pretty hair after they're done using your holes?&nbsp; Whatta think?"&nbsp; She was sobbing as I knelt between her splayed thighs.&nbsp; The boys had thought of everything, there was a thick padded mat between her spread legs for me to kneel on, to fuck her in comfort.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You'd love it, wouldn't you cunt?&nbsp; In the frame, on your hands and knees, cock after cock pounding into your ass and pussy with your lips wrapped around the dildo, and just before they're about to cum, pulling out and shooting on your back, in your hair, or wait till later, get you on your haunches and let them cum on your face." I reached under her torso and grabbed her tits, tugging on the lead weights till the clamps snapped off her nipples making her squeal in pain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Tell me you wouldn't love that bitch?"&nbsp; I grabbed her by the hair and jerked hard on her scalp even though her head wouldn't move, locked as it was in the stainless steel ring.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You want, no need, me to fuck you now, don't you cunt?"&nbsp; I dug my nails into her nipples making her shriek, but then she started moaning louder and louder, moving her hips side to side trying to rub against my dick, she couldn't help it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I let go of her nipples and grabbed her by the hair with one hand, and with the other I grabbed her throat, squeezing tight till she gasped for breath.&nbsp; I could almost feel the heat of shame off her skin, the humiliation of knowing how desperately she needed to be fucked, how much she needed, and loved, being my slave and fucktoy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let go of her hair and throat and grasped the buzzing clip locked on her clit, ripping it off in a single quick, vicious, motion, sending convulsions through her frame.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I need to fuck you bitch!"&nbsp; With no sense of gentleness, or concern, I took hold of the vibrator jutting from her snatch and pulled it out, making her howl as the thick slimy shaft slipped from her throbbing cunt in an instant.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily wailed as I took hold of her nipples and buried my cock in her sopping pussy.&nbsp; I didn't care, I wanted, no needed, to punish her with my dick.&nbsp; She screamed as I pulled brutally on her nipples, my hips slapping against her ass with each thrust of prick, making her jerk forward viciously in her bonds.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could barely contain myself, but felt absolutely no shame in how fast I got to the edge.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"FUCK!!!!" I pulled my shaft out of her spasmig pussy and spewed my load on her back, it felt so good, and I loved seeing the streaks of cum splattered on her smooth skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fuck that felt good!"&nbsp; I slapped my still hard dick down on her ass and sighed, a mix of relief, and exhaustion, cascaded through me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fuck I love that needy pussy of yours cunt."&nbsp; I stood up and jerked any last drops of semen on her skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll be back for you later slut."&nbsp; She was moaning, her pussy still juicing and pulsing like mad as her hips swayed side to side.&nbsp; I headed for the kitchen.

---------------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I felt the glorious sense of post-orgasm bliss after leaving Emily.&nbsp; I went to the kitchen and grabbed some juice from the fridge.&nbsp; I started chomping on a leftover piece of pizza and flipped on the TV, hoping to catch up on some scores from last night.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked out the window into the backyard.&nbsp; I kinda chuckled when I saw Cum Socket out by the dog house.&nbsp; I'd forgot I'd dumped her out there after coming home from the shop, before Monique's little party.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was naked of course, it was pretty damn warm out still so it wasn't a big deal.&nbsp; Even from afar though, she looked a mess, that said, I loved the look of her long black hair, it just did something for me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was leashed, a thick stainless steel collar was locked around her neck with a chain running to her wrists, which were in a short spreader bar, also of stainless steel, another product of the guys at the shop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My dick started to tingle, it amazed me how all the girls' continued to turn me on, no matter how I'd used them, or how often.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I stepped out onto the deck and started toward the girl.&nbsp; She kind of cowered away from me as I approached, but there was really no place to go, nor anything she could do to get away.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"How did you sleep bitch?"&nbsp; Dog house nice and comfy?"&nbsp; She yelped as I grabbed her hair and jerked her head back so she was staring me in the eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We've got to get you cleaned up and off to work.&nbsp; I'm sure Annie has something planned for you?"&nbsp; I unlocked the deadbolt and released the chain from the doghouse.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Think I'll be nice and actually let you use the laundry room to get cleaned up."&nbsp; I kinda chuckled as I dragged her by the chain behind me, toward the house.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I already had her clothes laid out for the day, once I had her inside, I undid the collar on her neck, then the ones on her wrists.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get cleaned up cunt, the clothes are over there," I pointed to the miniscule pile on the sink, "stockings and heels too."&nbsp; The heels were massive and towering, and to make sure she was going nowhere fast, they'd be strapped to her ankles.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll be back to get you in like an hour, don't make me wait!"&nbsp; I shut the door behind me, locking it from the outside, one of the many particularities of my house now.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sat and watched TV for a bit, then took Emily from the frame.&nbsp; She was stiff and sore.&nbsp; I fed and watered her, then locked her in her cage.&nbsp; She seemed perfectly content, she was curled in the blankets and was asleep before I'd even shut the bedroom door.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cum Socket was at the laundry room door, waiting for me when I unlocked it.&nbsp; She quivered nervously, her thighs swaying anxiously as she tried in vain to remain stable on the precariously high heels, which were at least 6" tall, if not taller.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You look pretty cunt!"&nbsp; She looked at me warily as I flicked her shimmering black hair with my fingers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had on a skin-tight halter-top, it clung to her body like a wet t-shirt.&nbsp; Her belly was exposed and she had on a short, short, skirt, if you could really call it even micro, it didn't cover much, and she had on no panties.&nbsp; If she dared breath, her inner thighs and pussy were exposed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I snapped a leather collar around her neck and locked it in place.&nbsp; A chain hung from a large ring in the front of her collar and fell over her chest, between her tits.&nbsp; I grabbed the handle at the end of the short chain and started pulling her behind me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I came to a sudden halt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Something ain't right bitch!"&nbsp; I looked her up and down, she kept her eyes focused on the floor as I studied her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I know what it is."&nbsp; I let go of the leash, disappeared for a second a returned with a pair of scissors.&nbsp; She yelped as I reached out for her nipple, taking hold of the cloth of the halter-top, I pulled it taut, then snipped out the section covering her erect bud, then did the same with her other breast.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That's better."&nbsp; I loved the way she looked now, so slutty, so whorish, her dark nipples visible through the holes in her top.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now you're ready cunt."&nbsp; I dragged her into the garage and led her to my truck, making her kneel, like a dog, on the passenger side floorboard.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Good, good girl!"&nbsp; I tapped on her head.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She didn't make a sound as we drove.&nbsp; I had the AC blowing hard and her nipples were rock hard.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We're here."&nbsp; I could see the way she trembled anxiously as I looked her over intently.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"One more thing."&nbsp; I took hold of her long black hair and made two pig-tails with her locks, one to either side of her head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh how cute!"&nbsp; I laughed, mocking her, loving the shame visible in her eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Time to get you off to work."&nbsp; She didn't move an inch, she stayed kneeling on the floor till I opened the door and tugged her out by the leash.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Annie was there, waiting on me before I'd taken two steps, I handed her the end of the chain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Make sure to keep her busy!"&nbsp; I grinned sadistically, knowing I needn't worry.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh, I will!"&nbsp; Annie leaned forward, pulling hard on the chain making the Asian girl arch her neck, then she buried her tongue in Cum Socket's mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Nice touch with the halter-top."&nbsp; The Asian girl squealed as Annie dug her garishly painted nails into her rock hard nipples.

------------------------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed a coffee from the shop and headed over to Jim's, I needed something to wake me up, it'd been a long night and I hadn&#8217;t got much sleep.&nbsp; That said, I was excited to see what Jim had going on, he'd been busy, and coy, of late, he hadn't told me what he'd been doing, but I'm sure Tara had borne the brunt of his efforts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no answer at the front door when I rang the bell so I decided to head around back, to see if he was on the deck, or working in the barn.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As I turned the corner I was confronted with a lovely sight, Tara.&nbsp; She was decked out in full pony regalia, she looked gorgeous.&nbsp; She wore a galea with a brilliant red plume.&nbsp; She was gagged, a thick bit was wedged between her teeth.&nbsp; She moaned as I approached, then shrieked as I reached out and pinched her naked nipples, twisting her rings brutally.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was basically naked, minus a few accoutrements; a thick strap cut between her legs and covered her pussy, and I'm sure a butt plug and dildo were mounted on it, as it was pressed tight between her legs and ass cheeks.&nbsp; A lovely, thick tail fluttered in the afternoon breeze, it was attached to the thick strap, so I'm sure she could feel the movement of the wind in her ass and pussy when the tail shuddered.&nbsp; Further leather straps crisscrossed the rest of her torso comprising the harness.&nbsp; She stood a good 5-6" taller, as she was mounted on hooves that were strapped tight around her feet and ankles.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hey Buddy!"&nbsp; Jim walked up from the barn, he was dragging behind him a two-wheeled cart, or carriage.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What the fuck Buddy, how are you doing?&nbsp; Wasn't expecting you so soon, I'm not quite ready, but how do you like what I've been working on?"&nbsp; Jim was grinning like a proud parent, his smile cut from one side of his face to the other as he reached out his hand in greeting.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fucking nice!"&nbsp; Tara groaned as I ran my hand over her belly, avoiding the leather straps that cut across her flesh.&nbsp; Her skin was already moist with perspiration and glistened in the sun, it was just after noon and it was nearing 80 degrees, and was probably gonna keep getting warmer till the forecasted afternoon storms hit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Give me a few minutes to harness her up, then we'll go for a little ride."&nbsp; The carriage was anything but traditional, it was black, and I could tell Jim had spent a pretty penny on the thing.&nbsp; It was modern and technologically savvy, the frame was made of aluminum, it had stubby off-road bicycle tires that looked like they could handle the gauntlet, then there was the seat, it looked like the body was carbon fiber, and the cushioned area could hold two people, and actually looked pretty comfortable.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim worked quickly, it's obvious he'd strapped her up before a few times.&nbsp; Tara grunted and groaned as he worked on hooking her up.&nbsp; Her arms were cased in a leather sheath and pulled behind her back.&nbsp; He slid the long aluminum arms of the carriage into position and tightened all the straps and latches till she was secured to the cart.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This bitch is lucky Buddy, it's all pretty much flat ground."&nbsp; Jim chuckled and smacked Tara on the ass, then re-tested all the straps to make sure they were all snug.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Think that's it Buddy, think we're all set.&nbsp; Let me go grab some cold drinks and we'll go for a little ride."&nbsp; I ran my hand over Tara's back, her muscles were tense, the harness distributed the weight evenly, and with the expensive, lightweight cart, not to mention the flat land, I knew she could do it, drag us along, but it wouldn't be easy, I'm sure it would be hard work for her still.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara moaned as I moved my hand between her legs, the muscles of her thighs trembled under my touch and I ran my fingers over the thick, padded, strap lodged tightly between her legs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"She's got a 6" dildo in her cunt and a plug in her ass.&nbsp; I decided to be kind to her today."&nbsp; Jim laughed as he ambled down from the deck, he had a small cooler in hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"So how you like my set up, I've been working on this crap for a month, and it's cost me a few bucks too, but think it's worth it."&nbsp; He ran his hand under Tara's chin and she had to wrench her head back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Go ahead, take a seat, got one more thing to do."&nbsp; He handed me the cooler, then went back to Tara.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Gotta have reins to control the pony, eh Buddy."&nbsp; Jim snapped the long leather leads to Tara's nipple rings, then hopped up in the cart with me.&nbsp; She groaned as the weight sunk on the axle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Doesn't take much of a tug to get this bitch to turn with these attached to her nips."&nbsp; Jim pulled gently on the reins and Tara shrieked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim pulled out a small whip from the side of the cart and brought it down on Tara's haunches.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Getty up!"&nbsp; It was a struggle for her to get moving, I could see the strain and effort in her muscles, from her ass to her thighs, her calves to her upper body.&nbsp; She grunted with effort and managed to get the contraption moving, but once she did, it seemed to roll along pretty easily, efficiently.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"So tell me what the fuck's been going on these days, I haven't been around much, been preoccupied."&nbsp; Jim winked and flicked the whip, hitting Tara on the ass making her squeal and dig deeper, picking up the pace.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Isn't this fucking awesome bud?"&nbsp; Tara's thick fluffy tail danced as she dug the hooves into the dusty soil and plodded on.&nbsp; We weren't moving fast, but it was a lovely ride nonetheless.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You look tired bud, girls been keeping you up at night?"&nbsp; Jim grinned at me and flicked the whip at Tara's ass, eliciting a small yelp from the girl, but it was nearly inaudible over the grunts and groans of effort as she strained to keep us moving.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, had a late night, only got home a couple hours ago, didn't get much sleep.&nbsp; You know, Monique's been really begging to be fucked, so I figured I'd grant her wish."&nbsp; I turned and winked back at Jim.&nbsp; Tara groaned as she pulled us up a small incline, she was lucky there were few to be had, out in the flat plains as we were.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah, what'd you do?"&nbsp; Jim laid the whip down on Tara's ass again, encouraging her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know Rocky, the biker that comes into the shop once in a while.&nbsp; He was admiring Cumsocket the last time he was in, so of course I let her blow him.&nbsp; He'd said he'd watch over the place, make sure nothing happened to us."&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Then, he came back the other day, said they were having a little get together, was wondering if he could rent the Asian cunt for the night.&nbsp; I passed, but then got me to thinking 'bout Monique."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Getty up!"&nbsp; Jim howled at Tara and cracked the whip on her ass much harder, making the girl shriek in pain. Then he looked at me as if nothing happened.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You didn't?"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yep, you should have seen her this morning before I left, she was in one of the cages downstairs, sitting on a towel, bag of ice on her cunt, her hair was a matted mess, cum, spit, who knows what else.&nbsp; Think I'm gonna have to take her in the yard when I get back, spray her down with a hose.&nbsp; Don't want that fucking mess in my shower."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Holy fuck!&nbsp; She happy?"&nbsp; Jim was almost incredulous.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You don't know the half of it.&nbsp; Rocky picked her up last night at the house, blindfolded her of course.&nbsp; I followed along behind him, out to this barn in the middle of nowhere, where they were meeting at. It was set up, food, lights.&nbsp; She was cumming before she even got there, that hog between her legs, and I'd told her she was gonna get fucked.&nbsp; She bitched and complained, at least till I'd gagged her."&nbsp; I grinned sadistically at Jim.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Rocky said she was screaming and squeezing her thighs around the bike, and him, the whole ride."&nbsp; Jim slapped the whip down on Tara's haunches again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know she was loving the idea of getting fucked by a couple guys, but you should have seen her face when they pulled off the blindfold.&nbsp; Sure she expected a few guys, at least that's what I'd threatened her with, but, when she saw what had to be 100 guys, big fucking hairy bikers, the look on her face, it was awesome.&nbsp; There were guys recording it, well, their bitches were at least, I'll try and get my hands on a copy, you'll love it."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Those dudes are fucking crazy!"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah, you should have seen it, that gag wasn't outta her mouth for a heart beat before they were at her.&nbsp; They had this bench set up, Rocky took her pussy, then there was a line to use her mouth.&nbsp; It was one hell of a chain.&nbsp; Some of the biker bitches, they were on their knees being fluffers.&nbsp; It was nonstop, I don't know how many guys used her straight away.&nbsp; Her pussy was so sloppy, they just started shooting on her belly and tits, then in her face, you couldn't even make out her features after a while."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Let's take a little break, I think this one needs it."&nbsp; Jim tugged softly on the reins and pulled Tara to a halt, she was huffing and puffing, almost panting.&nbsp; Her skin glistened with sweat We got out of the cart and Jim led Tara to a trough covered by a little shed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Got to water my bitch."&nbsp; He chuckled as he removed the bit from between her teeth, then turned on the spigot and let the cool water flood into the basin."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Got these things set up in intervals around the property, on the track I use."&nbsp; I ran my hand over Tara's naked hip, she didn't even flinch, just greedily drank from the flowing water.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Been putting a ton of time in at this as you can see.&nbsp; You should bring Emily and Monique out some time, put them through their paces."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, maybe someday, but Monique ain't gonna be walking, or running, for a little while at least, hell, she's probably gonna have an ice pack between her legs for days still."&nbsp; I laughed and tugged on the reins clipped to Tara's nipple rings, her head jerked to the side and she let out a cry as I pulled on it, but then she quickly went back to the water, trying to ignore my teasing her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Don't drink too much bitch, you'll get sick."&nbsp; Jim smacked her on the ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Let's sit down, tell me more 'bout last night."&nbsp; We sat down on a fallen tree trunk.&nbsp; Tara lapped at the water greedily, shifting from foot to foot, hoof to hoof as it was, trying to flick away the flies from her sweat covered skin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, they went at her on the bench for a good while, not sure if all the guys used her, but a damn few did.&nbsp; After a bit they needed to spray her down, she was a fucking mess.&nbsp; They stuffed the nozzle up her snatch it was so bad, trying to rinse her out.&nbsp; Don't think the slut was hating all the attention, heard her screaming in orgasm on more than one occasion."&nbsp; I stroked my cock as Tara swayed uncomfortably from side to side.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"After that they started getting creative, had some mattresses around, they were double and triple teaming her.&nbsp; They definitely liked using her ass.&nbsp; Don't know how much cum she swallowed, but she'll probably be puking it up all day long I'd guess.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"When'd you get outta there then?"&nbsp; Jim stood and grabbed a couple beers from the cooler on the carriage.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Probably 6, guys did a circle jerk on her at the end of the night, she was just covered in cum, probably some piss too.&nbsp; I let Rocky drop her off back at my place, I didn't want that mess in my truck."&nbsp; Tara fell to her knees, she was still locked in the harness, so there was little she could really do, not with her arms sheathed behind her back in the sleeve, but being on her knees may have been a bit of a relief from the heels, hooves.&nbsp; She was still breathing heavily and flicked her hair like a mane, trying to get the flies to leave her alone.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Did you ask her if she still needed to be fucked more?" Jim broke out in a hearty laugh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Rocky carried her down into the pens when we got back to my place, she couldn't walk, probably need Doc to give her a shot, or two."&nbsp; Jim smacked me on the shoulder he was laughing hysterically.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah, yeah, those boys are a mess."&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Looks like this bitch is ready to go now."&nbsp; Jim stood, then helped Tara off her knees.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Take a seat buddy, your carriage awaits."&nbsp; He was helping Tara get back on her hoofs, then put the bridle over her head, wedging the bit back between her teeth.&nbsp; As soon as she was trussed up, Jim took a seat next to me in carriage.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Getty up!"&nbsp; Tara howled as he landed the whip down hard on her hindquarters and tugged on the reins.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a few minutes for Tara to regain the pace, but soon enough she was plodding along over the dusty path.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"They wanted to buy her."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Monique?"&nbsp; Jim responded, while keeping his focus on Tara and the path.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah, I told him no.&nbsp; Rocky wanted to take her as his bride, his bitch, whatever name you want to call it.&nbsp; I asked him if he wanted the Asian cunt instead, but he wasn't too interested.&nbsp; Not sure it'd fit with that crowd, think he likes her to suck his cock at the shop, or to fuck her once in a while, but not for his bitch."&nbsp; Jim held the reins in his hands, neither keeping them taut, nor letting them go limp.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mack also gave me a call, wondered if we wanted Lisa back.&nbsp; I was thinking about shipping her to Rocky, whatta think?"&nbsp; Jim flicked the whip at Tara and landed it on her hip while she struggled to get us up a slight rise on the trail.&nbsp; She was breathing hard and I could see the drool running from her lips, around the bit.&nbsp; Snot dribbled from her nostrils as we finally mounted the little hill.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Up to you Buddy, I'm happy with my cunt."&nbsp; Jim tugged on the reins and pointed Tara back toward the house.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara collapsed in an exhausted heap when we got back to the barn.&nbsp; Jim released her quickly from the harness and removed the bridle, though he didn't take her arms out of the sheath, or the strap holding the plug and dildo in her holes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Wanna a beer buddy?"&nbsp; Tara was drooling, glistening lines of saliva hung from her chin and fell over her heaving breasts, the metal of her nipple rings gleamed in the late afternoon sun.&nbsp; I didn't know how long we'd been on the trail, but she looked absolutely spent.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Come on up buddy."&nbsp; Jim was already up on the deck, he had a bucket filled with ice and chilled beers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sat down in the deck chair next to Jim and grabbed a bottle.&nbsp; It wasn't an overly oppressive day, but it was still nice to get outta the sun, in the shade of the house.&nbsp; It seemed like forecasters might be right, that we might get a storm a little later, the clouds looked a little threatening.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get up here cunt!"&nbsp; Tara struggled mightily to get to her feet, she groaned as she mounted the steps, her thighs quivering from the exhaustion of the ride, and hobbled as she was with her heels, or hooves, and her arms still sheathed behind her back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was breathing hard, her body was covered in a sheen of sweat, she was panting softly as she took position in front of Jim, her legs spread wide and trembling.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Straddle me cunt!"&nbsp; Tara gingerly waddled forward, spreading her legs wider till as she mounted Jim's thighs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could see the tension in her muscles as she maintained the awkward position.&nbsp; She started to groan as he began playing with the straps of the harness keeping the dildo and tail impaled in her holes.&nbsp; He undid the leather belt that circled her waist, then slowly loosened the strap that went between her legs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Look at how wet you are cunt!"&nbsp; Jim held up the finger he'd been rubbing her pussy with to her face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Such a needy whore!"&nbsp; Tara closed her eyes and moaned as Jim slowly started tugging on the end of the dildo in her pussy, till it was nearly free, only then did he brutally plunge it back in her belly, making her shriek.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What a needy slut!"&nbsp; Tara's head was thrown back, her legs were shaking and she was groaning loudly.&nbsp; I could see her juices flowing from where I sat, her pussy was a sloppy, soaking, mess.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara squealed as Jim tugged the dildo out completely, then she started to moan as he slipped one, then two, fingers into her wanting pussy.&nbsp; He started fucking her faster and faster, harder and harder, till she started to wail, squeezing her thighs tight on his legs.&nbsp; It only took a moment for her body to erupt in orgasm, her exhausted muscles rippling.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You love this, don't you cunt?&nbsp; You need this, don't you bitch?"&nbsp; Jim reached up with his free hand and started twisting her nipples as her body continued to be racked with orgasm after orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara started sobbing when Jim stopped finger fucking her.&nbsp; He slapped her hard across the cheek.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You want her to sucks your cock Buddy?"&nbsp; Jim grabbed Tara by the hair and jerked her head back while looking over at me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Sure, I could use a bit of attention."&nbsp; I started stroking my cock through my pants.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get on your knees bitch, go suck Pat's cock!" Tara fell to the deck with a thud after dismounting Jim.&nbsp; She shuffled across the rough wood, her juices dripping down her inner thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tara moaned and nuzzled my hardening cock through my pants, her eyes staring up at me intently as drool hung from her chin.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tapped her on the head like an obedient pup and unzipped my fly, freeing my aching prick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Instantly she started sucking on my dick.&nbsp; I could see the way she kept her eyes on Jim as she gobbled down my cock, making sure not to piss him off.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In spite of not being able to use her hands, it didn't take long, not with the way she deep-throated me, forcing her lips around the base of my shaft till she started to gag, holding her head down till her face went bright red and she'd start to choke, and only then lifting off, but never letting the head of my cock slip from between her lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could feel it coming, the way her mouth locked around my dick, her tongue against my prick.&nbsp; I grabbed the back of her head and thrust my hips up, exploding in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"FUCK!!!"&nbsp; I could feel her throat convulse as she tried to swallow my cum flooding her gullet, and me holding her lips locked around the base of my cock all the while.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fuck!!!"&nbsp; I slowly lifted her head till her lips slipped off my dick.&nbsp; A small line of sperm ran down over her chin, but she quickly, and greedily, wiped it away with one swipe of her tongue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Good Buddy?"
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yep."&nbsp; I smacked Tara across the face with my prick, then grabbed for her nipple rings and twisted them till she squealed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Get over here cunt!"&nbsp; Jim shouted at Tara and she reacted instantly, shuffling across the rough deck, working her way with difficulty to her feet, throwing a leg over his thighs till she was mounting him again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well Jim, I gotta run, need to pick up Cum Socket and check on Monique.&nbsp; Thanks for the ride."&nbsp; Jim chuckled but was barely paying attention as Tara was dry-humping him vigorously, moaning as her exhausted legs burned.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll catch you later Jim." I doubt he even heard me, preoccupied as he was, his dick was out and Tara was about to impale herself on his long shaft.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
To Be Continued

Thanks for reading.&nbsp; I hope that you'll like this story.&nbsp; I hope to have more chapters out sooner this time, had some issues that kept me from writing for a bit.&nbsp; I always appreciate comments, it's always encouraging and helps me write, and I love hearing from women who like my work.&nbsp; 

Additionally, check out a new graphic novel site with an authorized comic version of Cheerleaders, as well as other content, with more forthcoming.&nbsp; kinkcomics.com

ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com











Cheerleaders&#8217; Rape and Torture
by
Semiater (aspererus@yahoo.com)

Chapter Thirty-Two


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jim and I pulled up to Doc&#8217;s place, it was a somewhat unannounced trip, we'd only called him a few minutes before, while we were already on our way.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;d dropped the Asian slut at the shop again before heading out, Annie or the boys, they&#8217;d keep her occupied&nbsp; We were feeling a little bored, and Doc always had interesting shit going on.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Doc&#8217;s place was away from all prying eyes, of course.&nbsp; My dick ached and started to throb as we got closer, it always did when I visited him, never really knowing what was gonna come next, what abuse he was gonna heap on poor Jayme.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I knocked on the door, it took a few minutes, probably a good 5, if not 10, but finally I heard the snap of the locks.&nbsp; I expected Doc, but instead, it was a girl, of course a naked girl.&nbsp; 
Master is waiting for you.
I&#8217;d seen her before but I couldn&#8217;t place her.&nbsp; She was tiny, probably 5&#8217;, at least in that range, but she had on towering heels, they had to be 6, at least, so it was deceiving.&nbsp; Her legs trembled as she tried to stand upright, and still, on the massive pilings.&nbsp; Thick cuffs were around her wrists and ankles, she looked straight ahead, she couldn&#8217;t help but do so, she had an extreme posture collar locked around her neck and wedged up under her chin.&nbsp; Her hair was up in a ponytail.&nbsp; The thing about her though was her tits, they were huge, she was rail thin, but her tits were massive, and obviously unaided by medical technology.&nbsp; Heavy clamps were biting into her nipples with weights hanging cruelly from the ends.&nbsp; I could tell they were work clamps, the real deal things, with metal teeth for gripping, no rubber covered ones for amateurs.
The girl waited for Jim and I to move by her into the house, she made sure all the locks were done up behind, then slowly moved past us.&nbsp; She literally moved an inch at a time, the towering heels, and the posture collar that kept her from looking down, slowed her pace.&nbsp; I could see the bruises on her knees from where she must have fallen many times, so she was cautious.&nbsp; As she got in front of us, I could see the thick plug jutting from her ass, adding to her discomfort.
The girl&#8217;s heels clapped off the floor as we plodded toward the basement.&nbsp; Her pussy was completely shaven, her ass was crisscrossed with vicious stripes.&nbsp; The weights on her nipples clanged with every step she took.&nbsp; She looked a bit older, at least older than our girls.&nbsp; She could have been anywhere from mid-twenties to early thirties, it was hard to tell, she had that really youthful appearance that&#8217;s very hard to judge, she&#8217;d probably look young, even when she was fifty.
When we got to the stairs she took hold of the railing like her life depended on it, and it probably did, it was a struggle for her to make every step, not being able to see her feet, and hobbled by the heels.&nbsp; I almost felt for her by the time we got into the basement, almost.&nbsp; 
Master is in his workshop.&nbsp; The girl picked up the pace, but only slightly.&nbsp; The heavy reinforced door to the workshop was open and I could hear Doc clanging along on something as Listz echoed through the shop, or dungeon, whatever you&#8217;d like to call it.&nbsp; 
Hey guys, what&#8217;s up?&nbsp; Doc was bent over a bench working on some machine, I could see the switches and dials that covered its face, and the myriad of wires that escaped its backing, but didn't know what it was.
"Just working on a new toy I looked to my right and saw Jayme, she was sobbing, her massive tits were dark red, they were clamped at the base, and she was mounted by them to a metal frame.&nbsp; There was a thick strap around her belly, pinning her tightly to the vertical shaft.&nbsp; She was on her knees, her legs spread wide and ankles were clipped off to rings in the floor keeping her painfully open.&nbsp; Her hands were cuffed behind her back, locked to a chain attached to a ring on her collar, so she was twisted awkwardly with her wrists pulled up.&nbsp; There was a ring-gag wedged behind her teeth and she was blubbering incoherently.
I see you met my new slave, you remember nurse Maria, from the office.&nbsp; Doc stood up and greeted Jim and I with a firm handshake.&nbsp; As soon as he&#8217;d mentioned &#8216;nurse&#8217;, I knew who she was, though, seeing her like this, I never would have made the connection, not to the girl in scrubs I&#8217;d seen innumerable times around his office; the sweet, tenderhearted girl who all the patients adored, especially the kids.
"Had no idea what a big slut and paincunt as she was, caught her masturbating in one of the exam rooms one night, thought everybody was gone for the day.&nbsp;&nbsp; Had her feet up in the stirrups pounding her pussy with one of the instruments.&nbsp; Ain&#8217;t very hygienic, now is it?&nbsp; He reached out and grabbed one of the clamps on her nipples, he opened the jaws and pulled it from her breast.&nbsp; She started squealing in pain and I thought she&#8217;d collapse on the floor.
See, loves it.&nbsp; Doc chuckled and grabbed the other clamp, she knew what was coming, but screamed as he removed it nonetheless, trickles of blood dripped from the pockmarks of the vicious teeth.
Yeah, after that, spent a lot of her time in my office under the desk, you know, transcribing patient files and such.&nbsp; Tears came from her eyes as he grabbed her massive teat and squeezed it brutally.&nbsp; 
God I love big tits, I love her tits.&nbsp; Doc smacked her breasts hard with his open palm over and over again.
Now she spends most nights here with me.&nbsp; Can&#8217;t keep her away.&nbsp; Doc ran his hand over her quivering belly and thrust two fingers up into her pussy viciously, till she almost lost her footing.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shit boys, I&#8217;m glad you showed up, you can help me with my little experiment.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t mind, do you?&nbsp; He chuckled as he asked, I didn&#8217;t know if he was serious, or joking.&nbsp; 
I&#8217;ve been trying to figure out what makes this bitch give bitch better head, electricity,&nbsp; Doc took his attention from Maria, pulling his fingers from her slit and grabbed the ends of two electrodes on the table, or this here little balm I whipped up.&nbsp; I could hear Jayme really start to sob as he held up the tube of cream for her to see.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shit only works for a few minutes then fades away, but damn does it work in that little while.&nbsp; He chuckled manically.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll get Maria to give you some pharmaceutical assistance, then we&#8217;ll get to business.&nbsp; He stood up and walked toward where Jayme was bound, babbling desperately.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You don&#8217;t mind being the test subject, now do you cunt, after all, it&#8217;s in the name of science.&nbsp; She was crying piteously as he ran his hand through her matted hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Might take Maria a few minutes to get those pills, she&#8217;s a little slow with the heels and collar, wanna beer or anything?&nbsp; Doc walked over to Maria, she was still sobbing softly from the pain in her nipples.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry cunt, you&#8217;ll get some cock too, you&#8217;ve been voted fluffer for the night, just don&#8217;t fuck up and make us cum too soon.&nbsp; He grabbed her tits in both hands and dug his nails into her flesh till she shrieked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God I love these tits.&nbsp; When he let go of her breasts he smacked her hard across the face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now go get those pills ready cunt.&nbsp; Maria carefully pirouetted and disappeared out of the room.&nbsp; I heard her slowly climbing the stairs, warily mounting each step trying not to stumble.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come on boys, got the game on in the other room, lets grab a beer and wait for our assistance, you&#8217;ll need it, this is after all, science.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took maybe a half hour but Maria finally returned.&nbsp; We&#8217;d each had a couple beers by then.&nbsp; The pills, they started working pretty damn quick.&nbsp; Maria stood in the corner of the room as Doc went into his spiel.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Here&#8217;s the deal boys, I wanna see what encourages the bitch to give better head, we&#8217;ll alternate, and I need a true assessment of what you think.&nbsp; The balm only lasts like 10 min, and I&#8217;ll use the electrodes on her when you&#8217;re face fucking her.&nbsp; Ready?&nbsp; Jim and I nodded, my dick was throbbing, I could hardly take it anymore.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jayme looked with knowing fear as we came back into the workshop.&nbsp; Maria slowly followed as she staggered with each difficult step.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You wanna start Pat, you got all this going.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t need to be asked twice.&nbsp; Not only did the pills make my cock hard as hell, I was horny as fuck too.&nbsp; I bellied up to Jayme, grabbed the back of her head and slammed my cock through the ring cruelly.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t sure how much a test this would be, I was that turned on already, but when Doc started doing what he was doing between her legs, it only got better.&nbsp; I was face fucking Jayme brutally when her body went rigid and all the muscles of her throat convulsed on my cock.&nbsp; It was incredible, and whatever sympathy I may have had for the girl, it was gone, replaced by absolute lust and need.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Jayme&#8217;s body went stiff a few more times, in each instance her throat did the most magical things to my prick.&nbsp; The third time, I couldn&#8217;t stop it, I don&#8217;t know if I&#8217;ve ever cum that hard in my life, it felt like I was possessed; from the tips of my toes to my scalp, it was incredible, the most incredible rush of power.&nbsp; I looked down to see Jayme&#8217;s lips wrapped tightly around my prick and I came so hard sperm dribbled out of her nose.
FUUUUCKKKK!!!&nbsp; HHHOOOLLLLYYYYYY SSSHHHIIIIIITTTTTTT!&nbsp; Jayme was gagging on my cock, choking, trying to catch her breath with the semen running out of her nose.&nbsp; I pumped my hips forward, savoring the feel of her mouth locked on my dick and my balls crushed against her chin.
Holy shit!&nbsp; I slowly eased my prick outta Jayme&#8217;s mouth and smacked her on the forehead with it.&nbsp; I was still so hard it hurt.
You, cunt, over there, on your knees, clean him up, we&#8217;ve got science to do!&nbsp; I could see the terror, the exhilaration, in Maria&#8217;s eyes as she heard Doc roar, and she slowly ambled toward me.&nbsp; She could barely brace herself as she fell to her knees at my feet.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t wait for her to ask, I just slammed my dick in her mouth.&nbsp; Instantly I felt her tongue swirling around my cock as she tried to suck me clean.&nbsp; 
Fuck.&nbsp; I reached down and cupped her tits, Doc was right, they were amazing, so soft and supple, yet firm and heavy.&nbsp; 
I pulled my dick out from between her lips and took hold of her hair, I undid the ponytail and dried my prick in her long blonde locks, letting them fall free over the posture collar when I was done.&nbsp; 
You ready Jimmy?&nbsp; I heard Doc behind me.
Gotta go cunt.&nbsp; I twisted Maria&#8217;s nipple brutally, making her squeal, before I took a seat near where Jayme was set up.&nbsp; Jim already had his cock between her lips and was skull fucking her.&nbsp; Doc was down between her spread legs.&nbsp; I knew my first round had been the electricity, the way her body spasmed, I wondered if it was possible the balm could be in the same league, but the way Jim bellowed, I couldn&#8217;t wait to find out for myself.
Within maybe a minute Jayme started to react to Doc's machinations, instead of the convulsions of the electricity, she was screaming, even with Jim&#8217;s cock pounding down her throat she was loud.&nbsp; Her body was covered in a glistening sheen of sweat, if that term even does justice to what she looked like, it wasn&#8217;t really a sheen, but an oozing, raging stream of sweat.&nbsp; I could see the strain in her tits as Jim used her brutally, stretching and pulling her already tortured mammaries each time he pulled on her head and buried his cock in her mouth.&nbsp; I could see the way her inner thighs went taut trying to close her legs, to ease the burning on her cunt, but it was pointless, she was bound so tightly that she could barely move an inch.&nbsp; On and on it went, it was an amazing thing to watch, you could almost see the fire in her belly the way she reacted to the smoldering gel on her skin.&nbsp; 
In reality, I don&#8217;t think it even lasted 10 minutes.&nbsp; Jim pulled out at the last second and spewed all over her face and hair, Doc didn&#8217;t seem to mind, it didn't hurt his experiment in the slightest.
Fuck, that was perfect.&nbsp; Doc smacked me on the shoulder as Maria lapped away at Jim&#8217;s prick.&nbsp; She ran her tongue the length of his shaft, cupping his balls in her hands as he taunted her tits.&nbsp; 
Fuck, that was perfect.&nbsp; Doc was ecstatic as sperm dribbled down Jayme&#8217;s face and hung from her chin while she sobbed. 
Let&#8217;s take a little break boys', then we&#8217;ll get Maria to get you ready for the next round.&nbsp; Jim and I followed Doc into the room with the TV, where we proceeded to collapse on the couch and chairs.
Great start, looks like you both had a good time?&nbsp; Jim and I just looked at each other and smiled.
Hell ya, don&#8217;t know how it could be better?&nbsp; Doc was distracted and didn't even hear me.
Where the fuck is that girl?&nbsp; Bitch, get in here, now!&nbsp; I could hear the nervous clap of the heels on the floor as Maria urgently got in the room.
You mind guys?&nbsp; Doc had his fly down and pulled out his cock before we could respond, and it&#8217;s not like he was gonna offend us.&nbsp; He snapped his fingers and Maria was on her knees between his thighs in a heartbeat, she knew better than to make him wait.&nbsp; She gagged as he grabbed the back of her head and forced her lips around his massive cock.&nbsp; 
Fuck yeah boys, this is the life.&nbsp; Maria tried as she could to deep throat him, I could see the bulge in her throat as she tried to stifle her gag reflex, but it wasn&#8217;t possible, he was too big, in spite of how much practice she&#8217;d had under his desk with his cock.
Get on me cunt!&nbsp; Doc grabbed Maria by the hair and tugged her to her feet.&nbsp; She mounted him knowingly, thrusting her tits in his face as his cock disappeared in her slit.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know how she took him in, her so tiny, his prick so massive, but she did.&nbsp; With her heels flat on cushion to the sides of him, she started bucking up and down on his massive pole.&nbsp; He let her do all the work, her thighs clinching, her belly tightening as she rode him like the devil.&nbsp; Doc had hold of her hair and was pulling brutally on her scalp, arching her head back.&nbsp; Her arms were wrapped around his head, squeezing her tits against his face.
I&#8217;m cumming cunt!!!!&nbsp; Doc jerked his hips up off the chair, slamming deeper in her belly than I thought possible.&nbsp; I heard Maria grunt as his cock filled her completely and exploded inside her.
"Fuck!!!"&nbsp; Doc groaned, clamped his teeth on her nipple and pumped his dick in her belly till he was drained completely.&nbsp; He suckled her breasts for a few minutes more.
You boys about ready?&nbsp; Pat?&nbsp; You up for another round?&nbsp; I nodded, I watched Maria slowly dismount the huge shaft that impaled her, her legs were ginger as she got to her feet, then she leaned forward and ran her tongue up and down Doc&#8217;s prick, till he snapped his fingers.
You guys gotta fuck them there titties, that&#8217;ll get you going, ready to do your work for science.&nbsp; Doc smacked Maria&#8217;s breasts cruelly.
Get on over there, let Pat fuck them tits.&nbsp; I could see the look in her eyes, the confluence of fear and arousal.&nbsp; I wondered which was stronger, her absolute horror, and fear of Doc, or the lust of getting used.
I got up from the couch, I pushed Maria down on her back with her shoulders up against the armrest, then I climbed on top of her.&nbsp; She forced her breasts around my raging cock, but it was too gentle for me, I moved her hands away and started doing it myself, digging my fingers into her flesh molding her breasts around my throbbing dick.&nbsp; 
Remember, you&#8217;re just a fucking fluffer cunt, don&#8217;t make him cum!&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t know if I could keep myself from blowing as Doc screamed at her.&nbsp; The feel of her breasts was incredible, her nipples were rock hard and she moaned lovingly, I'm sure getting her tits fucked was something she'd experienced quite a bit in her life, with every guy she ever dated wanting to touch her breasts.&nbsp; Except this time, there would be no spurting cum in her face as I'm sure normally happened.
Fuck, fuck, I gotta go!&nbsp; It was torture, I didn&#8217;t think I&#8217;d make it, I dismounted the girl, then had my cock down Jayme&#8217;s mouth in an instant.&nbsp; Doc was already crouched under the girl, she was sobbing, I&#8217;d heard her babbling incoherently, unintelligibly, before I rammed my dick between her lips.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sure she was begging, but I couldn't have cared less.
I had my fingers wound through her hair, my balls were pressed against her chin when the balm musta kicked in, because she started to scream.&nbsp; It was the most phenomenal thing ever, the scream, it wasn&#8217;t just a scream, it was one of utter and complete agony, and I loved it.&nbsp; The heat seemed to radiate off her body, it was like nothing I&#8217;d ever felt before.&nbsp; 
I don&#8217;t know how long it took, I was in heaven and skull fucked her without even thinking.&nbsp; When I finally exploded in her mouth I was almost lightheaded.&nbsp; 
Holy shit!&nbsp; Jayme&#8217;s face, her body was flush, sweat poured from her skin.
Holy fuck.&nbsp; Maria was on her knees next to the workbench by the time I eased my cock out of Jayme&#8217;s throat.&nbsp; Jim was eager, waiting for me to be done.&nbsp; I&#8217;d barely finished when he pushed past me and started anew with Jayme.&nbsp; My dick was so sensitive I thought I&#8217;d blow again when the nurse took my cock in her lips and gently licked me clean.&nbsp; 

I don&#8217;t even know how many times I came, how many rounds of the &#8216;experiment&#8217; we ran.&nbsp; By the end of the night Jayme was a mess.&nbsp; Doc finally removed her tits from the frame, then ass fucked her while using the balm and electricity on her clit.&nbsp; 
At one point I looked over as Doc was abusing Jayme and saw Maria on her knees, I noticed for the first time there was a torrent of juices running down her inner thighs, pooling on the floor where she knelt while she kept her eyes fixed on Doc torturing Jayme.

---------------------------------------

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wasn&#8217;t sure if I was asleep or awake, but I felt my cock start to stir.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t sure if I was dreaming, but I felt the moist tongue on my balls and the soft hair on my groin. I groaned involuntarily, though not unwillingly, as the wet tongue circled the head of my dick over and over again.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I opened my eyes and saw Emily between my thighs, she was curled in a little ball lapping away at my cock.&nbsp; She delved between my legs, lifting my balls with her delicate hands and started licking my ass.&nbsp; It was a glorious sensation and I didn&#8217;t want it to stop, but I felt the urgency to piss.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck!&nbsp; I grabbed her by the hair and jerked her up off of me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I gotta piss, fuck!&nbsp; I swung my leg over her crouching frame and staggered to the bathroom.&nbsp; It was such needed relief to piss.&nbsp; My dick was on the edge of arousal, and I couldn&#8217;t stop thinking about my little slut waiting for me on the bad; the pale smooth skin, the lovely white lace negligee she wore, her nipples hard and peeking through the elegant fabric.&nbsp; And then the incredible contrast of the innocent teddy with the thick black leather collar snapped around her neck, and the cuffs on her wrists and ankles.&nbsp; I loved it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I shook the last drops from my prick and felt the aching in my balls.&nbsp; I wanted to fuck Emily, but, then I started to remember the night before, at Doc&#8217;s place, Jayme and his nurse.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t tell if I was turned on, or sore, probably a bit of each, but I wasn&#8217;t complaining.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I splashed some water on my face and looked in the mirror, there were bags under my eyes, it&#8217;d been a long night.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;God what a sick motherfucker!&nbsp; I said to nobody in particular when I thought about Doc.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emily was crouched on her hands and knees when I came back into the bedroom.&nbsp; Her eyes cautiously followed me as I approached the bed, but she didn&#8217;t say a word.&nbsp; I just watched her, then grabbed for her hair and jerked her upright.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You wanna get fucked bitch?&nbsp; I smacked her hard across the cheek and wrenched her neck so she was staring up at me.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re just a dirty little whore, aren&#8217;t you, you love being my slave, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I spit in her face, she twitched in surprise.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You&#8217;re a needy little cunt, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; I twisted her head violently, gripping a mass of her hair in one hand, with the other, I went between her legs and without hesitating, rammed two fingers in her sopping pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her hands were clamped on my wrist, trying to ease the strain on her scalp as I finger fucked her brutally with the other hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it slut, this is what you were made for.&nbsp; She was whimpering in pain as I tugged hard on her long mane.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled my fingers from her sloppy snatch suddenly, then brought my palm hard against her face.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let go of her hair and pushed her back on the bed.&nbsp; I fell on her without mercy, I could hear her grunt as my weight collapsed on top of her.&nbsp; She cried out as I buried my cock in her tight, wanting pussy.&nbsp; My hands went to her throat and I started to pound into her belly.&nbsp; I loved the shocked look in her eyes as she gasped for breath.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Beg me to let you cum cunt!&nbsp; I squeezed her throat for an instant, loving the distress in her eyes as I mounted her like an animal, making the bed creak and groan with each violent thrust of my hips as I rode her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Beg me cunt!&nbsp; I could see her trying to mouth the words, but no sound came out while I squeezed her throat.&nbsp; Then I stopped as suddenly as I started, my dick still locked in her glorious slit, my weight heavy upon her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think we need your friend out here, don&#8217;t you slut?&nbsp; Emily was gasping for breath as I let go of her throat.&nbsp; She was panting from getting fucked, disappointed she was no longer getting pounded, I knew she liked, and needed it.&nbsp; I pulled my dick out of her pussy easily, she was soaking wet and whimpered as my cock came free.&nbsp; 
I didn&#8217;t bother putting anything on, who was gonna complain.&nbsp; I walked to the closet and opened the door, Monique was in her cage, she had a large vibrating dildo in hand and was pounding it into her pussy, she was absorbed in fucking herself, and hadn&#8217;t even noticed I was coming.
What the fuck is that?&nbsp; Did I give you permission to play with yourself, and where the fuck did you get that?&nbsp; I could see the shock in her eyes as she finally noticed me looming over her, the thick fake cock fully embedded in her snatch.
Monique cowered to the back of the cage as I opened it, she let out a squeal as I grabbed for her hair and tugged her out.
What the fuck were you doing bitch?&nbsp; Monique was blubbering, I tugged the vibrator out of her pussy and held it up for her to see.
Master, Master, please, I heard you fucking Emily, and, and, I was so turned on, I couldn&#8217;t help it.&nbsp; Please!&nbsp; I smacked her tit hard with the vibrator.
And this?&nbsp; Where did you get this?&nbsp; She just stared at me without saying a word.&nbsp; I grabbed for her collar and dragged her to the bed.&nbsp; Emily hadn&#8217;t moved, she was on her back with her legs splayed wide, her pussy twitching in need.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You?&nbsp; Did you give her this?&nbsp; I tossed the vibrator down on the bed next to her.
She was begging Master, she needed to cum, to feel a cock in her pussy, I, I&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t say anything more.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Go give your friend a kiss, thank her for giving you the toy.&nbsp; I shoved Monique onto the bed, she landed with a small thud on the mattress, then looked back at me as I stood there, stroking my cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She hesitated for an instant, keeping her eyes on me, then ambled over the covers till she was on top of Emily and buried her tongue in her mouth.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My dick kept getting harder and harder, if it could have even possibly gotten harder than it already was.&nbsp; Emily seemed reluctant, but Monique kept at it.&nbsp; She had her lips locked on her friends, her hand slipped under the lace of Emily&#8217;s teddy and she was tweaking her nipples.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;ll deal with your punishments later, now, outta the way!&nbsp; I grabbed Monique by the ring on the back of her collar and tugged her off Emily.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On your knees!&nbsp; Monique fell to the floor behind me.&nbsp; She was naked, but for her collar, cuffs, and the massive high heels strapped to her ankles.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I&#8217;m gonna fuck this needy little slut!&nbsp; There was a blank look in Monique&#8217;s eyes, perhaps just a little, or lot, of disappointment, that I wasn&#8217;t fucking her instead.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I grabbed Emily by the hips and pulled her to the edge of the bed, so her ass was just over the precipice.&nbsp; She grunted as I slammed my prick in her belly again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I started fucking her hard and fast, I kept hold of her hips and pulled her body back to me with each thrust.&nbsp; I let out a bleat of surprise when I felt Monique between my legs, her tongue was lapping away at my slapping balls.&nbsp; I closed my eyes and roared in delight.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t know how much longer I could take it.&nbsp; I felt my dick slamming into Emily&#8217;s tight pussy over and over again, and loved it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was almost ready to cum when I felt Monique&#8217;s tongue on my ass, delving in deep, trying to rim me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FUUUUCCCKKKKKKK!!!!&nbsp; Emily squealed as I grabbed her tits and dug my nails in viciously.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could feel Monique&#8217;s hair against my balls as she tried to wiggle her tongue into my ass.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FFUUUCCKKK!&nbsp; I&#8217;m cumming!&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t have held out longer if I&#8217;d wanted to, I felt queasy as Monique rammed her tongue in my ass and Emily&#8217;s pussy clamped down on my cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck!&nbsp; I fell on top of Emily as I bucked my hips forward, slamming my cock to the hilt in her tight slit, making her legs jerk violently.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;FUCK!&nbsp; Emily&#8217;s thighs wrapped around me and she locked her ankle together behind my back while&nbsp; her vaginal muscles milked my prick for every last drop of cum.&nbsp; Monique was licking my ball sack as it twitched, squeezing out every last ounce into her friend's cunt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck.&nbsp; I stared down into Emily&#8217;s eyes, my arm was up underneath her neck and her face was pressed into my shoulder, I felt her body writhing beneath me, my dick still pulsating inside her belly.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fuck!&nbsp; I eased off of Emily and slowly pulled my prick from her throbbing snatch.&nbsp; Monique was still between my legs, lapping at my sloppy cock like a hungry puppy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Get on your back!&nbsp; I smacked Monique across the cheek and she collapsed on the floor.&nbsp; I grabbed Emily&#8217;s hips and slid her further over the edge of the bed, Monique was directly beneath.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You want some cum slut?&nbsp; Monique&#8217;s eyes went wide with need as I plunged a finger into Emily&#8217;s pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Squeeze it out cunt, your friend needs her cum!&nbsp; Emily groaned as I fingered her slit and hot, sticky, sperm oozed out of her pussy.&nbsp; It ran down over her ass, hung for an instant, then started dribbled into Monique&#8217;s open, waiting lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That&#8217;s it bitch, keep it cumming!&nbsp; Emily moaned as I fingered her pussy, working the goo from her belly.&nbsp; Monique greedily waited for every drop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled my finger from Emily&#8217;s pussy and brought it to her friend&#8217;s lips, she eagerly lapped my digit clean, then scurried to her knees.&nbsp; She got between Emily&#8217;s splayed thighs and started lapping the trail of sperm from her ass and pussy.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Good girls.&nbsp; I tapped Monique on the head and went to the kitchen.&nbsp; I could hear Emily start to cry out as Monique tried to suck my cum out of her pussy.

To Be Continued

Thanks for reading.&nbsp; I hope that you liked the new chapter, hopefully the next one will come out sooner this time.&nbsp; As always, I appreciate comments, it's always encouraging and helps me write, and I particularly love hearing from women who like my work.

ThanksJohn (Semiater) aspererus@yahoo.com



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Semiater


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





