BDSM Library - Destiny's Welcomed Fate




Destiny's Welcomed Fate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An online relationship leads a proper young woman to a night of realizing her most hidden desires and fantasies. Destiny's Welcomed Fate  
 Talking across the cyber lanes; sharing desires, and speaking of dark things,
  daring whispers. Such secrets are only safe when shared with a hidden stranger.
  It was then that I began this twisted plot to gain my desires and at the same
  time quench the mysteries you sought answers for.  
 It must have seemed quite innocent when it arrived... it was meant too.
  Or perhaps simple blind luck, a commodity that had so often escaped you in
  the past, how could you question its plain arrival now?  
 A free week's vacation at a quiet, secluded lake resort. I made it appear
  as a promotion lottery, designed to attract publicity for the resort. Only
  a simple phone call to a toll free number and your fantasy... your shaded secret,
  began to unfold before wondering eyes.  
 You seemed quite excited telling me about it when we spoke that night. I
  sat here chuckling as I encouraged you to take the entire time for yourself, &quot;Leave
  the kids with their dad for a week, girl. You need to take some time for just
  yourself, rest, and relax.&quot; ...  
 Do you remember girl? Did you notice that this particular resort lay exactly
  half way between the distance that has separated us, continually frustrated
  our will? You were so easy to convince, I can only wonder if you already knew
  my intent, but the shell of propriety surrounding you, forbade seeing or acknowledging
  such hidden desires.  
 You made your plans so quickly girl, you left that very weekend.  
 I waited for you to arrive. I knew that that these cabins were fully modern,
  computers equipped in each one. When you logged in to our chat room that night
  you seemed disappointed to find me still at home. Did you think I would be
  so easy, girl? I made you wait for two days before I finally packed some special
  items into a black duffel bag, gassed up my truck and began the 5-hr. drive
  to the secluded lake, which now held the answers to all my perverted dreams
  and evil desires. Arriving just before dusk, I parked my car at a nearby scenic
  overlook, grabbed my black bag and using a hiking trail through the woods,
  I walked the remaining mile to an intersection with a long winding road that
  led to your cabin.  
 My first sight of you was as you stood on the cabin's deck overlooking the
  lake. The sheer light of a crescent moon silhouetting your night-gowned form.
  You appeared to be searching the darkness, already awaiting your fate. Welcoming
  it, longing for it, even as a stony fear gripped the depth of your stomach.
  Was that a sigh, as you turned and re-entered the cabin, girl? Lights flashing
  off, followed by a brief burst of light from your bedroom window, and then
  only your shadowed form, hiding in the very darkness you sought... lurking
  at the window... searching... searching.  
 I waited for three damn hrs, girl! Cloaked by the shadowing trees, mosquitoes
  drawing their fair share of my blood. I vowed your suffering would at least
  equal mine. Finally, assured you were really asleep, and certainly believing
  that tonight was just another evening of unfulfilled hopes, and fears never
  faced, I quietly approached the cabin stopping at the foot of your door. Wondering
  if you would be so bold, I test the latch... why am I not surprised? It is
  open. Silent as a cockroach, I wind my way into your inner sanctuary. Opening
  my black bag I rummage through a small collection of ski masks choosing the
  bright red one. The color of blood, perhaps it would remind you of the dangerous
  line you have crossed this night. Also removing a set of steel handcuffs and
  a coil of rope, I creep to your bedroom door. Yes girl, the door has been well
  oiled; it opened silently allowing my entrance as I approached your sleeping
  outline in the shadowy bedroom. I gaze at you for a moment, sleeping so peacefully,
  unprotected and vulnerable.  
 Sudden movement forces my commitment, you turn fitfully in your sleep, eyes
  fluttering open. Jumping forward I grip your hands and before you wake completely,
  I snap both wrists into the cold, steel manacles. Grabbing the attached rope
  and taking full advantage of your sleeping and surprised state, I drag you
  unceremoniously out the bedroom door, into the main cabin, where, in typical &quot;outdoor
  cabin motif&quot; a 12 ft square wooden beam stretches over the entire span
  of the cabin ceiling. Intended to support the cabin roof, this night this sturdy
  beam would also support your weight, my lovely slut... for a night of my own
  special pleasures.  
 Tossing my end of the rope over the beam I pull you to the center of the
  room, stretching your arms above your head till you rise slightly on the soles
  of your feet. Stepping to a far corner of the room, I tie my end of the rope
  to a steel ring on the fireplace mantel. I step back, allowing you a moment
  to come to terms with your predicament. Time to realize that at last, you had
  crossed the line you had always feared to step over. For several minutes you
  fight, pulling hard on the lines that support you, hoping they may break, or
  you might somehow slip out of the hard steel entrapping your wrists. You scream,
  calling for help, begging for mercy, and finally cussing me, naming me as the
  bastard, which I assure you girl.... I truly am. But your screams will go nowhere,
  they are held firmly within these cabin walls. Any muffled whispers, which
  might escape to wandering ears, would surely be considered as nothing more
  then the shrill screams of a rabbit, trapped for a final eternity between the
  teeth of a snarling wolf. Come girl... feel with certain finality, the sharpness
  of my teeth.  
 Pulling my bag from the floor, trying to ignore your cursing, I pull out
  a 3-foot spreader bar with Velcro ankle cuffs and a long rubber riding quip.
  I circle you carefully, as your eyes fall to the items I hold in my hands you
  glare at me and new resistance rises. You prepare to attempt to strike out
  with your foot. Silly girl, in your current position, your every move is telegraphed
  before it has even begun. As your foot rises to the top of its futile arc,
  one quick flip of my wrist brings the riding quip smartly down upon the sole
  of your bare foot. It is clear that you are strong, but you are also very foolish.
  Sadly, I must set a firm example. Walking around you I strike a quick succession
  of blows against your tender flesh. Your outer thighs and buttocks are soon
  covered with slowly reddening stripes. Standing in front of you I hold out
  the spreader bars and for the first time command you with my voice. &quot;You
  will extend you foot, on the floor, and allow me to place your ankle in this
  cuff&quot;.  
 Your slowness to obey required immediate correction. When I finished circling
  you this time, and your cries finally stopped, I merely held out the spreader
  bar and waited as your foot slowly extended awaiting the ankle cuff, which
  I quickly placed securely around your right ankle. Stepping back I pointed
  to the left foot and the other end of the spreader bar. You seemed to realize
  that this was truly the end, the final line, which once crossed, could never
  be taken back, only accepted and acknowledged with the weight of your shame.
  With a final sob of defeat, any final possibility of your escape was ended
  with the quick snap of the Velcro cuff.  
 Now certain of your containment, I proceeded at a leisurely and happy pace
  to empty most of the remaining contents of my black bag; laying them one by
  one before your fearful gaze. A set of steel nipple clamps, attached together
  by a short golden chain, a long black silk scarf, 3 butt plugs of increasing
  size, a candle, assorted lengths of rope, duct tape and several other delightful
  implements that clearly you had no idea of their intended purpose. Finally,
  removing it with a flourish and a wave through an imagined enemy in the air....
  a 7 inch hunting knife.  
 Your eyes widened as I approached you with the sharp knife. Perhaps you
  really have gone to far, in the search for this hidden fantasy. Raising the
  hem of your nightgown, I place the flat of the cold metal blade against the
  skin of your exposed stomach, slowly sliding it down. A quick flip of my wrist,
  causes a sharp intake of breadth, but the knife has already completed its task,
  as your thong panties fall in shredded tatters to the floor. With your cunt
  finally revealed, I cannot resist. Reaching out my hand I allow my finger to
  graze the top of your hooded clit. I am rewarded with a moan and a flush of
  wetness upon my hand. Bringing my finger to your lips, I rub your own juices
  all over your face. For it is the final admission of your coming defeat, your
  own body betrays your truest desires, girl. The knife makes quick work of your
  nightgown, and at last you stand naked and vulnerable before me.  
 It was then almost 8 pm, there was a very important game on Monday night
  football which I had no intention of missing. I had to hurry to finish preparing
  you for the evening's coming games. Starting with the scarf, I wrap it over
  your eyes tying it firmly in place. Picking up the smallest butt plug, I place
  it before your lips. &quot;Wet this good girl, it is the only lubrication it
  will receive.&quot;  
 You seem to almost spit on the plug, attempting to coat it with as much
  slippery saliva as it will possibly hold. Pressing it firmly against the ring
  of your nether hole, this small plug slides far to easily into the depths of
  your bowels and locks firmly in place. Again you moan, enjoying these slight
  preliminaries. Very soon your limits will be stretched far beyond where you
  ever thought you could go. Tired of hearing your sobs, I pick up the duct tape
  and your torn panties. Holding your nose till your mouth opens for air, I quickly
  shove the wadded panties in, securing them with a doublewide strip of tape.
  Leaning close to your ear, I whisper harshly. &quot;You have this silly fantasy
  girl ... to be raped in your ass. You need not fear that fantasy's possible
  reality, I have no intention of raping your ass tonight. It is not rape when
  your ass has been finally granted to me by your own lips. Let there be no mistake
  silly girl, before this night is over, you will beg me to penetrate fully,
  that hole upon your body, which you have guarded and held selfishly for so
  long.&quot;  
 One final piece to complete your initial preparation, headphones were placed
  over your ears. Connected to my portable CD player, which plays a specially
  prepared disc just for this night girl. A recording of Nazareth's, &quot;Love
  Hurts,&quot; it is on a loop recording, so it will play continuously. Very
  appropriate music for the evening's plans. Don't you agree girl?  
 Before leaving you in your prison of darkness and blaring sound, I cup the
  mound of your pussy, rubbing firmly your hard clit and allowing one finger
  to probe the wet depths of your hole. Your pelvis thrust forward seeking more
  pressure upon the sensitive nub, but I quickly back away leaving you straining
  against your bonds, unsatisfied.  
 I turn the TV on and settle down with a cold beer in hand for a very good
  football game. I took full advantage of every commercial break to continue
  our private game. I still believe it was the hot wax and ice cubes that evoked
  the greatest response from you. The sensation of cold ice upon already hard
  nipples, followed by the surprise of hot wax replacing the ice as fiery dribbles
  cooled and hardened against sensitive flesh. At half time I replaced the small
  butt plug with the medium sized plug. Oiling this one I inserted it with one
  smooth push, fully encasing it beyond the tight ring of your ass as you groaned
  a muffled plea of protest... and so our game continued.  
 The other game lasted, (as most football games do), for almost three hrs.
  At some point near the end of the game, I attached the nipple clamps firmly
  to your erect nipples, wrapping the chain around your neck and pulling it tight
  so that any raising of your head caused painful pulling and stretching of the
  tender nubs.  
 The end of each and every commercial was completed the same way. My hand
  and fingers furiously rubbing and penetrating your sex. Bringing you each time
  near the brink of your pleasure, but always withdrawing before the crest could
  be attained. By the end of the game, you were sobbing into your gag from frustration.
  Your pelvis circled, searching the cold air, attempting to will it into a hardened
  tool that might cause some minor degree of friction against your dripping cunt.  
 With the football game over, it was finally time to devote my entire attention
  to you and my own desires. I release the rope that holds your arms extended,
  you collapse into a weakened ball to the floor. Moving a barstool, I lift you
  over it, resting you upon your stomach, pulling your arms immediately down
  and fastening the handcuffs to the bottom rung of the stool. A short piece
  of rope tied first to the spreader bar and then to the stool, assured your
  complete immobility. I remove your blindfold, for I wish to see the terror
  of the unknown reflected deeply within the pool of your eyes. I am rewarded
  with exactly what I seek as I pick up the final butt plug, and your eyes widen
  even as your head begins to shake furiously. It was rather large... wasn't
  it girl? Fully 3 inches in diameter at its widest point, it had never been
  successfully used, for I had yet to find a girl willing to accept it. But your
  willingness that night, girl.... was simply not a question open for debate.  
 Standing behind your trembling form, I poured warm oil generously over the
  monster plug, allowing an ample portion to drip and spread around your already
  delightfully stretched anal ring. I waited a moment, a time of reflection for
  you to ponder your fate. Standing back I stroked my shaft with an already oiled
  hand, gazing proudly at my new creation, your fight was almost ended. No longer
  struggling to gain your freedom, you hung limply within your bindings. Both
  your holes raised to a perfect line of attack, legs spread wide, your pussy
  lips opened just enough to allow a perfect view of your erect clit. Your tortured
  little nubbin, played with for so long, yet seemingly, denied forever; and
  still it stood alert, drenched with your copious fluids.  
 I took pity on you then, girl, and simply to show the power of my grace,
  I reached out extending a level of mercy. I released the clamp from your right
  nipple, rubbing it gently as the blood painfully returned. Even though your
  head was now free to rise, you did not look up. You could not see my pride
  filled smile at that special moment, could you girl?  
 Now, I returned to the task at hand, for even with mercy's consideration
  given, your next task had already been given fates final seal. Gently removing
  the plug in your ass and oiling the final butt plug with one last liberal coating,
  I press it home, watching as the ring of your ass extended around the widening
  end of the huge plug. Your head began to shake, and there were muffled screams
  through your gag. But we are almost there now, barely 1/2 inch remains to finally
  enclose the widest edge of the invading plug.  
 Standing directly behind you I slapped the lips of your pussy with the greased
  head of my cock. The sudden burst of pleasure mixed with pain gave exactly
  the response I desire from you... a quick intake of breath, followed by a soft
  moan. With one final twist, I corkscrew the plug pressing it firmly, and just
  as the overstretched ring of your ass makes it final crawl over the hard rubber...
  I ram the full length of my greased shaft firmly and entirely into the wet
  depths of your womb, holding it there till you adjusted to both invasions of
  your most private regions.  
 You were so funny as I withdrew from you, grasping me with your muscles
  in a futile battle as I left you empty once more. Hoping so desperately for
  that one small amount of friction that would finally grant your release. But
  not yet, I have one last toy there before you, surely you have wondered of
  its purpose?  
 An elbow length, leather glove with nylon ropes extending from it. Ahhh
  this toy is of my own design, and you will be my beta tester to work out the
  bugs. Releasing your right wrist from its handcuff, the leather glove is wrapped
  around your hand and secured, forcing your first three fingers and your thumb
  into a fist, held there tightly by the encasing leather. Your forefinger is
  allowed to exit the glove... and for the moment, allowed to move freely. Along
  the back of the glove are three metal rings with long strands of nylon rope
  attached to each one. The first ring is located just above the wrist, the second
  just behind the wrist, and the last one is located just behind your elbow.  
 I produce the final piece to this new toy, a steel cross with four remote
  controlled pulleys attached to each point of the cross. Centering it on the
  spreader bar now separating your legs, I screw it firmly in place aligning
  it so that it rest directly behind your exposed and gaping holes. Pulling your
  hand up between your legs, I attach each rope from the glove to its appropriate
  pulley on the steel cross resting behind you. We were almost ready then, just
  one last adornment, a gold ring slipped over your extending forefinger with
  the final rope running back and looped through the remaining pulley on the
  cross.  
 Picking up the remote control I press the first button and see a welcoming
  turn of the pulley as your entire arm moved backward. Playing with it a bit,
  pushing the buttons for each pulley and adjusting the tension, I soon became
  quite skilled in positioning your hand. I slowly manipulated it near your drenched
  and waiting pussy. Not quite touching, yet close enough to allow you're forefinger
  solid contact once I released the rope now restraining it.  
 You had one final step to complete girl, you had progressed very well so
  far accepting your ordeal; but you have not yet signed the contract of your
  fate with the conviction of your own voice. Kneeling before you, I gently remove
  the tape covering your mouth and remove the panty gag. Holding a glass of cool
  water before you, I allow you to drink your fill, replenishing the fluids you
  have been losing elsewhere.  
 Slowly, I release the tension on the rope holding back your questing forefinger
  until contact is made, and the first knuckle slides into your hole. Furiously
  you stroke yourself. Kneeling, I whisper in your ear, &quot;Your body betrays
  you girl, look at you, tied spread eagle as a complete stranger uses your flesh,
  and yet your pussy is drenched with a continuing flow of juices. Do you dare
  still deny that you have enjoyed your punishment tonight and that your sole
  desire right now is for me to grant you the final gift of pleasure to your
  betraying lust?&quot;  
 You refuse to answer... one last testament to the final remnants of the
  proper young girl role you have fought so valiantly to maintain. But as you
  feel the tightening pull of the rope holding your finger, causing it to withdraw
  once more before the final wave can be crested. I saw it in your eyes girl,
  the moment I had won.  
 &quot;You know what I must hear girl, if you wish my gift.&quot;  
 Your sigh was clearly one of a defeated animal, &quot;Yes Sir, use me as
  you please, my body, all of it is here for your pleasure alone.&quot;  
 Close but not quite perfect. &quot;What is it you wish girl, I must hear
  it?&quot;  
 You cry is as a bleating animal, &quot;My ass Sir, please fuck me there,
  I have always desired to offer it to you Sir.&quot;  
 With one sudden pull I remove the butt plug blocking the entrance to my
  new hole to play with, mounting you from behind, I grasp your hair, pulling
  your head back sharply, &quot;What you wish for girl, is also what I desire.&quot;  
 In one steady motion, I enter you and slide to the furthest depths of your
  bowels. I allow you only a brief moment to adjust to this new invasion, far
  deeper than anything you have experienced so far. Then I begin a steady sawing
  in and out of your extremely tight nether hole. Your whole body shook from
  the force of my attack, but soon you were greeting my every thrust with an
  equal thrust of your own. Sensing your approaching climax solely from the brutal
  fucking of your tender ass, I reach around to grasp the hood of your clit, &quot;Not
  yet girl, never before me.&quot;  
 The sharp pinching of your clit sent you into spasms of pain, but it succeeded
  in squelching once more, the rising storm in time. It also caused the muscles
  of your ass to clench me in a series of milking motions that were bound to
  send me over the edge toward my own release. With a single cry of victory I
  buried myself to the hilt in your ass. Did you feel it girl? As my hot spunk
  sprayed the deepest walls of your ass and I achieved finally what I had only
  dreamed of before.  
 Kneeling before you, I gently lift your head to gaze into your glazed eyes,
  drawing your lips towards mine I kiss you fully allowing our tongues to entwine.
  I whisper to you, &quot;You have pleased me well girl, I now offer you my gift
  and grant you your pleasure.&quot;  
 I release your hand from the leather glove, it flies immediately to your
  waiting cunt and you began a frantic rubbing of your tortured clit. I sat in
  front of you, watching your darting eyes as I stoked myself to new hardness
  before you. Your moaning increases, a small drop of blood appears where you
  have bit your lip so hard in concentration seeking your release... precious
  release. The crest approaches, you looked at me, a haggard look of desperation.
  Did you suspect that I would find a reason to withdraw my gift yet again? Not
  so girl once granted my gift could never be revoked.  
 A simple smile of pride from me was all your weary body required. The wave
  rose and rose with power that could never again be denied, and once it smashed
  down upon your waiting form, you were swept away, reborn within cascading waves
  of pleasure.  
 Still stroking myself, I felt my own release building once more. Reaching
  across to grasp the chain still attached to your one nipple I pull it tight
  stretching the nipple to its limits. The new input of pain mixes with the overwhelming
  pleasure just beginning to recede in your body. It transforms into something
  a hundred times more powerful. As your hand continues to furiously abuse your
  sex, a new wave begins to rise. Your eyes see the tight stretching of your
  tit and realization of my final act upon your tortured frame dawns within your
  mind. You surprise me, girl. You actually begged me to do it. &quot;Please
  Sir, pull it from my nipple Sir... Oh God Sir... I am soooo close again...
  Please Sir&quot;  
 This final acknowledgment of your twisted desires was sheer music to my
  ears. With a steady pull on the chain I increase the pressure till with a final
  release, its hold upon your sensitive nipple is lost. The sudden pain followed
  by the new blood rushing into your deprived flesh succeeds in sending you for
  one final ride. As your body shakes and convulses in its bindings, I stroke
  myself to a second release, spraying your face with my very essence. My delightful
  cum drips down your face as your waiting tongue extends fully hoping to catch
  some small portion to taste.  
 At last, completely sated, I rise leaving you still twitching in your bindings.
  Entering the bathroom I turn the water on to begin filling the double Jacuzzi.
  Returning to you, I was at first alarmed as you lay very still against the
  barstool still holding you. But on closer observation... although your eyes
  were closed, your chest rose and fell rapidly, and one finger was still embedded
  deeply in your pussy, as it slowly continued to rotate, no doubt searching
  for one last scrap of pleasure which still might have lain hidden somewhere
  within your very depths.  
 I released you from all your bindings and caught your exhausted body in
  tender arms. Rising, I carry you to the waiting Jacuzzi. Lowering you into
  the steaming water, resting your head upon my chest, supporting you as the
  hot water and soothing jets erase your stiff muscles. I clean you with a soft
  sponge till your entire body is pristine and fresh once more.  
 Floating freely there in the hot water, I whispered to you my great happiness,
  my pride of you. So far you traveled in just one night of exploration. And
  yes girl, I whispered my love for you. My own shameful acknowledgement of how
  you now held me in my own prison, encaged for a lifetime.  
 Waiting there.... just till you began drifting away into a pleasant restful
  sleep, I lifted you, and wrapped you tightly in warmed towels. Carrying you
  to the bedroom, you snuggled tightly into my chest and whispered softly to
  me, &quot;Thank you Sir, this night will always be special to me, and as I
  lay you on the bed, &quot;But please Sir, tomorrow night can you wear the blue
  mask? And Sir, please don't be so gentle.&quot; and with one final sigh, whispered
  so softly I could barely hear it, &quot;I love you Sir", you were finally gone,
  escaping to a place where pain could not exist, and nightmares are forbidden,
  a place of only treasured memories and precious dreams.  
 I watched you for some time as you slept naked beside me. I was already
  planning the next night's possibilities; your final sleepy words spurring my
  imagination. Silly girl, did you really think that I would not continue to
  test your highest limits? You may not have so freely discarded my desire to
  be gentle with you that first night, if you knew the rest of the items still
  resting, hidden in my bag.  
 A large assortment of body jewelry, piercing tools, and a branding iron
  which contained my personal mark. I chuckled quietly as I examined closely
  your sleeping, naked flesh, plotting potential alterations in my mind, for
  I now had no doubt. Before this week would end, you would not only acknowledge
  with your lips your flesh as mine. You would also beg to be properly adorned
  and branded with my personal mark.  
 With such thoughts rolling pleasantly in my mind and your warm flesh nestled
  firmly against me, I also drift to sleep. For me, a place of dreams not as
  pleasant as yours, but every bit as enjoyable.  
c2004 S.Loeding All Rights Reserved  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Avalon's Respite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





