BDSM Library - The Sexual Sorceress




The Sexual Sorceress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dave meets a dark beauty at a bar and thinks he is about to score. But this gothic princess has plans of her own. Soon Dave finds himself losing complete control and lost in her spell.The Sexual Sorceress  
By Pagan  
http://www.mindlust.com  
Date of Creation: April 25, 2003 9:37pm  
She creeps into my mind like a gothic succubus who wants to carefully devour
  me. I understand now that I'll never be the same man again after being exposed
  to the sexual magic of a Sorceress.  
My name is Dave and I had the most erotic and unusual experience of my sexual
  life recently. It was a Saturday night like any other and my plans always revolved
  around drinking with some buddies. We met at our usual table in the dim light
  at McCray's Irish Pub. I downed a few brews and was feeling comfortable when
  I first saw her.  
She was a stunning brunette with piercing light eyes and sideways cocky smirk.
  Her hair fell way past her shoulders, which were bare in her tight velvet black
  dress. A small silver charm hung from her delicate neck and shined brilliantly
  against her pale skin. Her attitude was evident in her pose on that bar stool...
  it was both inviting and intimidating. Her slender legs from beneath her skirt
  dangled a few inches above the floor. Her black chunky pump shoes made the
  statement of &quot;I can walk all over you little boy&quot;. So still that
  she sat there, I almost thought she was a mannequin.  
I blinked repeatedly and tried to scan the rest of the people at the bar,
  but somehow my eyes fell back to her automatically. She stared back at me,
  as still as could be. My friends took quick notice of my noticing her and made
  a few rude gestures. Friends with beer have a way of applying pressure, and
  before I knew it I was heading toward her.  
Her foot for the first time bounced against her crossed legs so I knew now
  she was real. I could feel the beads of sweat building at my temples as I approached
  her and said &quot;Hello&quot;.  
I'll use a pick up line, works every time I thought. &quot;So uh what's your
  sign pretty eyes&quot;? I asked like a dope.  
&quot;Scorpio, the sign of sex and why do you ask&quot;? She replied with
  a dead serious stare.  
&quot;Oh uh, well.... I guess I guess I am not good at pick-ups. My name
  is Dave and I just thought you had gorgeous eyes. Figured I would come over
  and maybe we could talk.&quot; I sounded so sincere.  
&quot;REALLY&quot; she said with wide eyes and enthusiasm. Then she grew
  dead silent.  
Now if you are a guy you already know how a woman can blow you off and treat
  you really cold. They make it obvious and I don't wait around for the bitchy
  comment from them - I bolt right away. That's not how she made me feel, she
  made me feel like she was challenging me to stay there. I didn't move and we
  stood there in silence.  
So as nervous as I was I started to babble endlessly which is a trait I hate
  about myself. She lit a long cigarette and began looking me up and down from
  head to toe. It left me with a weird feeling while she did it, I felt like
  women must feel I guess when men eyeball them. It was odd but only made me
  babble more.  
She interrupted me, &quot;So Dave you said your name was, I am Pagan. You
  will do nicely for me tonight so take me home now&quot;. She lifted a little
  chain purse off the bar and just headed toward the door abruptly. What the
  hell was that?  
What would you do in my shoes? My friends are all watching and the hottest
  chick in the bar just told me to take her home. I ran after her like a horny
  dog thinking about how I was going to bang her until she couldn't walk straight.
  I ran after her like a stud chasing down his poon-tang. I ran after her like
  a little boy chasing a toy and I heard my friend laughing hard in the crowded
  bar.  
Boy, she was sure annoyingly quiet, it was unnerving. We got into my car
  and headed down the highway. She told me where she lived but that was pretty
  much it, while I babbled like a moron. She only lived a few blocks away in
  an old warehouse type of building. She led me through a hallway and up a flight
  of stairs to a red door. We went inside.  
A chill ran through me when I heard her metal red door slam shut, I didn't
  know it then but it was sign. It's too late for that now, but I understand
  it better today in the daylight. Maybe if I hadn't dismissed it as sexual excitement
  and nervousness things would be different. I should have seen it coming, I
  should have stopped this sooner.  
Her apartment was dark with black material things draped on the windows and
  over lamps. She went around lighting candles and incense while I flopped down
  onto her black puffy couch. She carried a candle over to the coffee table and
  sat down closely leaning into me.  
&quot;I saw a need in you tonight&quot;, she said bluntly.  
&quot;Oh yeah I have a need honey&quot;, I said like a jackass.  
&quot;Get rid of your fantasy designs pet, I see the truth in you that you
  hide from your asshole jock friends&quot;.  
Ok this was getting weird now, &quot;Uh what do you mean&quot;?  
&quot;I can fill those empty spaces inside you. I can see into your head
  and I know that I want to be inside it tempting you with the control you need&quot;.
  She hissed.  
Maybe it was her voice, maybe it was that tight dress, maybe it was her soft
  perfume smell, maybe it was the candlelight - but my dick got rock hard in
  2.2 seconds flat. Little Miss Silent now had a lot to say and she wasn't slowing
  down.  
&quot;You need guidance, the kind a woman brings. You need to hand over your
  mind to a woman smarter than you. And you do not even know it yet. I will take
  you against your will and against your rational mind&quot;. She murmured seductively.  
These words were left hanging in the air. I started to think those 3 beers
  hit me harder than originally thought. What the fuck was she talking about?
  She sat there with her silver charm necklace between her fingers, and I noticed
  for the first time it was a pentacle. A glistening star with a circle around
  it that is a religious symbols to witches!  
She lifted the candle from the coffee table and held it between her face
  and mine. She started talking&hellip; or maybe it was more like chanting. They
  were inaudible words to me, but had a rhythm to them. I looked around the room
  and suddenly noticed the rest of the candles encircled us and I could feel
  the pressure from them whirling around and around. My head got heavy which
  felt like a major drunk buzz, and I had to close my eyes. I felt so heavy so
  I rested my head on the back of the couch.  
Everything went black but I felt like I was falling and I could hear her
  talking though the words were still not clear. Her voice started to get louder
  and faster, her tone was steady, and suddenly I felt euphoric. It was like
  I had fallen into a spider's web, I felt out of control and captured.  
My whole body felt like someone was rubbing soft cotton on me. I felt like
  I was naked and that I could not move. I could still think and felt somewhat
  aware of what was going on. I wondered if she had drugged my drink&hellip; until
  I heard what she said.  
&quot;You are mine now Davey, you are going to be my new pet. I'll use you
  and keep you to serve my whims. When I am through with you then you will be
  discarded in the street. I'll break your little heart and I won't care for
  a minute. As long as you are my property then you will obey every command.
  You will remain under my spell until I choose to release you &quot;.  
Her spell? Holly shit is this witch magic stuff for real I wondered, but
  I didn't say it out loud.  
&quot;Yes Davey, I now know your every thought now because I opened you up
  to my power. You are in a realm between the worlds with me and you were brought
  here to serve my pleasures. Yours mean nothing to me, and I will forever keep
  you in orgasmic torment. I am giving you a wonderful gift, the gift of pleasing
  me&quot;.  
She was in my head. I know it. I felt it. I tried to fight it, I really did.
  But ultimately she was right, I got pleasure from pleasing her. I can remember
  her commanding me to eat her out.  
I think my eyes were closed but somehow I could also see. I watched her remove
  that tight dress and strip down to nothing. She laid down on the couch and
  left one foot flat on the floor while she tossed the other over the back. Her
  pussy lips split apart and exposed a soft juicy flower to me. My desire to
  lick it was immense but I couldn't move. I think I was licking my lips. She
  said the words, &quot;eat me&quot;, that I know for sure, and I leaned forward.  
When the tip pf my tongue touched her clit it felt like nothing I had ever
  experienced before. She tasted delicious and I slid my tongue right inside
  her. She smelled fantastic I thought, as I began to wiggle my tongue around
  those pussy folds. She had the biggest clit I ever saw and it was poking out
  hard so I flicked my tongue over it. I could hear instructions from her about
  where to go and how to continue, but I know she wasn't speaking. I lapped up
  her cream faster and faster. I slid my fingers into her moist hole gently pumping
  it while listening to the sweet mucus sticky sound. I could feel her cunt butter
  all over my chin.  
I used my entire mouth to cover her pussy, and lots of saliva to make it
  so wet. I would do it all day if that were what it took. I tongue fucked her.
  I licked her deeply and I felt her cum on my face. She started to quiver and
  squirm while pushing into my face. She throbbed a long time and it felt like
  spasms. I felt warm liquid oozing out of her, down my chin and neck. She was
  totally right&hellip;. it was a gift.  
She got up pretty quickly and turned over onto her stomach. She let me know
  I wasn't finished when she pulled her ass cheeks open and showed me her pink
  eye. I didn't need told what to do; I was a man on a mission.  
I fell forward and felt my tongue wiggle against her crinkled butt hole.
  It was soft, musty, and tight. I licked it in circles around and around shinning
  it up with spit. I felt her push and it opened like a tiny little ring. No
  going back now, I shoved my tongue deep into her asshole. I licked inside.
  I worshipped her ass with my tongue. It was so intense to eat her like that.  
I tongued her asshole for what seemed like hours, wonderful amazing hours.
  When she became satisfied with my work, she made me return to her pussy. I
  ate her out again - her honey dripping much more fiercely now on me. I dove
  into my new job like a devoted pervert. I wanted to please her forever. I wanted
  to thank her for my gift.  
She allowed me to suck her hard nipples and to use a vibrator on her pussy.
  I got to hold it and watch the exquisite expressions on her sexy face as she
  came repeatedly from a machine rather than me. She told me to show me what
  a good cocksucker I was and to lick it clean. I did it without question.  
It was heaven, pure heaven to service her in whatever way she desired. Never
  once did she grace me with a hand job or a blowjob. Sex with her was forbidden.
  Never once did she return the orgasm. I should feel cheated but I don't.  
When I came out of the magical haze I was outside her building fully dressed.
  I still had the taste of her pussy on my breath. I saw her looking out the
  window at me for a minute and then closing the blinds like an ice princess.
  She forever shut me out and left her mark on me. I felt drained and empty inside&hellip; a
  loneliness and desire for her like I've never known before. It's been 4 weeks
  now and I am unable to even jerk off anymore because all I do is think about
  her. She wants me this way&hellip; pining like a pathetic loser after her.
  And I do, I sometimes hang around her building just hoping she will take pity
  on me and give me a crumb. She never does, though she does smile brightly as
  she passes me with her latest victim. I'm not the only loser there on false
  hope; there are many others like me now. We're all terrified and entranced&hellip;.
  Captured and enslaved&hellip;. Forever in her spell like lost sexually frustrated
  souls wandering the earth.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Goddess Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





