BDSM Library - The Choice




The Choice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: ......If I can accurately gauge your sex life and describe your wishes, I want you to choose to leave the party and come with me. The Choice    
Steve &ndash; late 30's Close cropped Hair No2. Blonde, 5'10"  
Jenny- mid 20's, Brunette Shoulder length wavy hair. Soft features with that
  occasional startled rabbit look. Deep brown eyes. 5'4" Tall  
Jenny worked at a manufacturing business on the sales order desk. The company
  had a policy of getting the staff on the end of the phones to meet their customers.
  Jenny had been pressed into going to a corporate event. This had entailed a
  day at the races, which had passed uneventfully followed by a party in the
  bar of a nearby hotel. The company sales force were busy hobnobbing with important
  customers and Jenny had been left to her own devices. Jenny was 5'4", mid 20's
  quite pretty, with shoulder length, wavy brunette hair and beautiful brown
  eyes. Her skin was lightly tanned with a couple of freckles here and there.
  She was wearing a black dress with small straps over her shoulders and a hem
  line 2 inches above her knees. She looked quite stylish and totally uninterested
  in the work talk surrounding her.  
Suddenly she noticed a man walking purposely toward her with two glasses
  of champagne. Jenny met his gaze but felt unable to hold it and awkwardly looked
  away.  
"My Name is Steve" He offered very confidently. Jenny looked up to be greeted
  by a tall white man in his mid 30's, with close cropped blond hair, strong
  features and a good physique. But his look was piercing. His blue grey eyes
  burned into her.  
Steve was the MD of her company's largest customer. He had that air about
  him; that people always did what he said.  
Jenny felt a tingle in her knees and a shiver ran along her spine.  
"You don't much care for all of this, do you"? Steve observed.  
"Is it that obvious"? She replied weakly.  
"I've been watching you" Steve said ominously.  
Jenny was about to protest. But one glance from Steve silenced her instantly.  
"I am a keen watcher of people&hellip;" he continued.  
"I can often tell what a person is thinking. What they fear and what they
  want".  
Jenny began to squirm a little in her seat as if getting ready to stand up
  and leave.  
Steve said "Stay, I haven't finished with you yet" and to her surprise, she
  did.  
Jenny was perplexed. Why was she even entertaining, hanging around this creep?
  She intended to call his bluff. So she mustered her challenge.  
"Ok if you know so much about me, what am I thinking and what do I want?  
"It's a question of choice" Steve casually observed &ndash; "you don't like
  making choices".  
"You came to this function because you were told to, so you did. You were
  told were to sit, what to say. You haven't even chosen your own drinks all
  day" and as if to emphasise the point he handed her a glass of champagne. She
  took it.  
"I can see by the way you look at people, that you are heterosexual. You
  view all other women as a threat. You are drawn to strong male personalities.
  I can even tell you what your sex life has been like".  
She scoffed at that "So this is just a pick up line"?  
"sort of&hellip;.. If I can accurately gauge your sex life and describe your
  wishes, I want you to choose to leave the party and come with me".  
"You must be joking" She instantly retorted.  
But, Jenny was intrigued and not entirely unopposed to Steve's candid approach.
  She didn't exactly mind being told what to do.  
Steve left a deliberate long awkward pause. Jenny felt compelled to break
  the deadlock.  
"Very well &ndash; impress me". She continued her challenge.  
"You only like boys, girls don't interest you. You find the idea of being
  with a girl unnatural. None of your boyfriends from your school years lasted
  more than a couple of months; they all seemed weak and awkward. You lost your
  virginity at about 18 or 19 years old to a much older man. He was very kind
  and understanding and you don't know what's wrong with you, but you rapidly
  lost interest in him, even though he seemed a perfect gentleman. Your next
  relationship was with a man about your own age. He will have been fit, even
  muscular and very into his body, even vain. He didn't treat you particularly
  well, in-fact I bet you felt like his bit on the side. Sex was often rough
  and often unfulfilling and although you yearned to see him, your meetings and
  interludes left you wanting so much more. You assumed you were at fault and
  tried many things to 'please' him, even to the point of degrading your self&hellip;&hellip;.You
  may have had other relation ships but I doubt it, they will have been fleeting
  at best".  
Jenny was visibly awestruck, and gave the worst possible answer, "who have
  you been talking to"? Nobody knew these things about her. It was like he was
  reading her life story. Steve just turned a wry smile; he gazed strongly into
  her eyes, obviously enjoying her reaction.  
"How do you know all of these things"? See pleaded,  
"I told you, I know how to read people, and if I get the next bit right &ndash; will
  you do as I say and leave the party with me"?  
"Why? What for"? She enquired  
"You'll have to come with me to find out". Steve knew she was hooked.  
"So the type of man you want, what is he like? He has strong looks, very
  strong character; capable of great tenderness and extreme cruelty" He saw her
  shudder slightly at this "He will be powerful and will probably know you better
  than you know yourself". Steve paused, "I know what you want and I can give
  it to you".  
Jenny remained silent and intent. All of Steve's words rang true.  
"I have a proposition for you" Steve continued. "I am so sure that you want
  your choices made for you that I am offering to do this for you".  
"I have observed that you are a beautiful submissive young woman ,   and
  I want to see how far that goes". "I want you to get your coat and leave with
  me now". "If you don't, I know you might need an incentive so if you don't
  come and hear my offer; I'll pull my business from your company and site you
  as the reason".  
Jenny's eyes made a very good approximation of a startled rabbit.  
 "I want you to come with me &ndash; you will be safe, I will not do anything
  you don't want or don't agree to. I will give you a choice and if you don't
  like what I have to offer we can go our separate ways. But I'm betting you
  have always wanted this choice. I can see it in your eyes". "I am offering
  to find out how submissive you are or can be".  
"Choose". He said calmly.  
Jenny looked at him, she wanted to go, she felt trapped, and she almost liked
  it. She new she had no choice, she could back out later, but for now it was
  too interesting to pass up. In her most confident voice, like she was in control
  she said  
"Ok, I'll come and listen, where are we going"?  
Jenny and Steve exited a taxi in the expensive end of town over looking the
  marina. They entered a six story apartment building and ascended the elevator
  to the penthouse, all in virtual silence. Jenny's meagre bravado was beginning
  to crumble. Her breaths were quickening, her pace was slowing and she could
  no longer muster the courage to look Steve in the face. One word kept racing
  through Jenny's mind over and over again; 'Submissive'. The word alone gave
  her palpitations, but she had never had it applied to her. It couldn't be true,
  could it? But her curiosity far out weighed her fear of the situation, and
  as exhilarated as she was, she still felt safe in Steve's presence. And to
  compound matters, to her utter shame; she was already a little damp in her
  crotch.  
She spoke first "You wouldn't really have pulled the business from work would
  you? I could loose my job for that"? She asked.  
"We'll never know, or have to know. You can however take it for granted that,
  that threat is lifted now and forever. If that was your only reason for coming
  you can leave now and neither of us will speak about this evening again".  
"No" She said rather quickly "I don't mind staying&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;." She
  suddenly seemed lost for words as she felt she'd given her self away.  
 "Good"! Steve said.  
"Have a seat, and I'll tell you more&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;" he motioned
  to a lounge couch. They both sat down.  
Steve began "put your hands on your knees". She did. Sit with your legs a
  little further apart". She did that too. "Close your eyes". She complied without
  question.  
"You are exquisite", he observed. She opened her eyes.  
"You comply with every instruction. You have no idea what a precious find
  you are". Steve moved to hold her hand, she did not resist.  
"Forgive me I must know something, hold still no matter what". He instructed.  
He pinched the back of her hand. She yelped and instinctively pulled her
  hand away.  
"Why did you do that"? She shot back at him.  
"Because I wanted to" Steve replied calmly.  
"Now give me your other hand, I want to do it again".  
Jenny looked puzzled, and a little frightened  
"Why do you want to hurt me"?  
"Because it pleases me, you want to please me don't you"? he quizzed her.  
She parted with a reserved pleading "yes".  
Steve pinched her other hand. She winced without crying out or pulling away.  
"Good" Steve casually observed, and he continued to speak;  
 "I have always known what I wanted; I have always got what I wanted. After
  a long time I realised that I was interested in what other people wanted. I
  am interested in what you want, Jenny. I am very interested in helping you
  find out what else you want. I know you want to be dominated, told what to
  do, when to do it. You want to explore new worlds of sensation, without fear
  or recrimination. I want to offer you this. I want to offer you choices. But
  once you make the choices you cannot change your mind. But there will always
  be another choice later on. You can leave any time you make a new choice, that
  will always be your alternative".  
"Do you understand what just happened when I pinched you"?  
Jenny looked puzzled and said "it hurt".  
"Then why didn't you leave? Why did you let me do it again"? Steve Challenged.  
Jenny didn't seem to have an answer, of course Steve knew why.  
"If I hurt you, do you want to leave"? Steve offered.  
"Its ok, I don't mind staying" Jenny offered meekly.  
"You want to stay with someone who has hurt you, Twice&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;."  
Steve let her linger on that thought.  
"I can see it in your eyes, your just beginning to realise who and what you
  are". He observed.  
Jenny remained silent and motionless, hearing her soul being unravelled.  
"You're not alone, and you're not a freak". Many enjoy the release of giving
  up their choices, submitting to another's will, even suffering for another's
  pleasure and amusement&hellip;.., just as you did a moment ago. There are even
  those who can only reach orgasm if it is associated with pain".  
Jenny's eyes suddenly felt heavy with shame and she felt she could no longer
  lift them from the floor. He was right she could feel her own arousal, she
  felt violated, perverted, and she was beginning to hate herself. She was overcome
  with shame and realisation that he was right and she craved more. She could
  not put her feelings into words, but Steve seemed to have no such problems.  
Steve continued; "As I said, you will always have some control, but you will
  be choosing to give it away until the time of your next choice. Understand,
  I am talking about touching you, stripping you, using you", he continually
  observed her expressions for signs of fear or intrigue, "placing you in bondage,
  depriving and heightening your senses and searching for the limits of the sadomasochistic
  tendencies that I know you have, but always at a level of your choosing".  
Although she was not looking directly at him, he could see her eyes continually
  widening at the list of depravities he was considering doing to her. And matters
  were worse because she was considering letting him, even begging him to do
  anything he wanted.  
Jenny was mentally frothing at the mouth, this was an opportunity she never
  new existed, she had not previously known she wanted, and this was as safe
  as if was ever going to be.  
"Why me"? She asked quietly.  
"Because I knew you would choose this, a person like you is rare I have been
  searching for someone like you for many years. You are not the first, and you
  won't be the last, but for the time being you will be the only&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.".  
These words made her feel very special.  
"Your Choice is simple; choose to stay for the rest of the evening. Follow
  my every command and be punished in any way I see fit, with any implement at
  any time. You may have a safe word. If you use it once I will stop that particular
  activity and move to another. If you use it twice I will deem you unsuitable
  to continue and we will discontinue our involvement and you can go on your
  way. You will be here for my amusement; anything that happens to you is for
  my satisfaction not yours. Follow several standard rules; do not look at me
  unless told you can do so, do not speak unless told you can do so, and follow
  any instruction instantly without question. Only call me Master or Sir. In
  short give up total control.  
I in turn offer to cause you no lasting physical harm, not to endanger your
  life. I will not subject to sexual intercourse at this time, and if and when
  I do, I will ensure there is no risk of unwanted pregnancy or sexually transmitted
  disease.  
If you have not used your safe word and have satisfied my interests, after
  one to two hours I will halt the session and ask you if you wish to move to
  the next stage, I will offer you another choice".  
 "Do you understand"? He asked.  
Jenny tried hard to process all that this night had brought and might still
  bring to her; it was time to choose, in or out. Her body had already made the
  choice, her mind already surrendered to the idea.  
Jenny nodded.  
 "Good" Steve smiled slightly, "choose your safe word, something very out
  of context, the name of a fruit or a colour is a popular choice".  
"Red"? Jenny offered meekly,  
Steve face suddenly dropped all emotion and he said "we have begun".  
Jenny dropped her eyes to the floor, Steve was impressed, no other charge
  had responded so quickly without encouragement before.  
"Close your eyes" Steve instructed. She did without question. "Now do not
  move no matter what".  
Jenny felt her dress straps being slid off her shoulders, and the dress fall
  to her ankles. She was clad now only in matching black under cup bra and g-string.  
"Put your hands behind your head and interlock your fingers, don't move from
  that position no matter how intense the sensations or pain that you encounter".  
Steve spanked her arse once, she thought hard. The feeling was intense and
  she thought deliciously decadent, then her other cheek. Each strike made her
  body sway momentarily under the impact, accentuating her curves. His hands
  trailed up her to her breasts, he slapped the exposed top of each breast in
  turn. Her face grimaced slightly under each blow. This wasn't too bad she thought
  to herself.  
Steve spanked her arse and breasts half a dozen times each, and he found
  that Jenny reacted satisfactorily to every strike. He had not struck her hard
  enough to raise cries or tears, but they would come in time.  
"You may open your eyes" Steve whispered in her hear "and I want you to strip".  
Jenny eagerly stripped throwing her underwear to a near by chair.  
"You follow instructions well, but sloppily". Steve commented  
Jenny looked perplexed; she had done as he said.  
"I am disappointed that you did not fold the cloths neatly"  
Jenny moved to correct the situation.  
"Leave them!" Steve barked at her. "I am displeased and I will punish you
  for your sloppy behaviour". There was a pause. "Well, what do you say&hellip;"?  
Jenny was at a loss, so offered "I'm sorry"  
Smack! Steve's hand connected with her left bum cheek, Hard!  
Smack! Again just as hard "Thank&hellip;" Smack! "..You&hellip;" Smack! "..Master"!
  Smack! He iterated with consummate skill.  
A tear had already begun to form before the second strike landed, by the
  fifth blow her tears were in full flow and she was tumbling off balance.  
Jenny went crashing to the soft couch, sobbing as she went.  
Steve sat beside her and stroked her hair "You have agreed to this, you want
  this. You show so much promise, I can't believe you would fail and disappoint
  me so early. This is what you signed up for. You have agreed to be at my mercy
  and I will take full advantage of that. I am going to take you and punish you
  severely now, and I want you to beg me to punish you anyway I wish to make
  up for failing me. Do you understand"?  
Jenny was in turmoil, those last blows really hurt, she didn't want this?  
Did she?  
Her answer left her lips, almost without a conscious decision.  
"Yes Master" there was no doubt "I want you to punish me, Please Master.
  I am sorry that I failed you".  
She was lost, and she knew it. She was in this far and she had to know how
  deep this rabbit hole went into her own personal wonderland. She wasn't worried
  about pain or humiliation or even her own safety. She just wanted to be told
  what to do, no matter what that meant for her. She would accept any sensation
  Steve chose for her. It was her place in life, and she wanted it. And if she
  didn't like it was only for an hour or two she naively thought  
"You have shown little self control, I can see that I will have to restrain
  you".  
Steve led her to one of the walls, it had several chains and ring s attached
  to it, that she had not noticed before. The wall appeared terrifying and she
  began to visibly shrink from her approach to it. Steve paused at looked at
  her;  
"I will explain only this last time. You have entered into a contract. You
  have agreed to be used as I wish, there is no more choice in this. You have
  already given yourself up. I am going to abuse you for my own amusement and
  punish you for your lack of subservience. It's going to hurt. Your going to
  be humiliated, your spirit broken, even tortured because I wish it".  
"You answer does not matter, but I want to hear it anyway&hellip;&hellip;.Do
  you still want this"?  
Jenny was trembling, with fear and excitement  
"I want this", her verbal affirmation bolstered her resolve  
"Do as you will with me". She pleaded.  
"Tell me what you want, What are your deepest most deprived fantasies"? Steve
  asked. "What do you want done with you"?  
"I don't know" she stuttered. "Anything&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;?" she
  offered.  
"Are you sure"? Steve said coldly.  
Jenny felt a spine chilling shudder race along her back, she may have gone
  to far. " you don't mean anything, anything do you"? She quizzed meekly.  
"I will still, stay with in the confines of our agreement, no lasting physical
  harm, but as per your new request anything else goes. I will not go easy on
  you, I will test your limits of pain, suffering and pleasure". Steve informed
  her.  
"It is settled then, the bargain is struck, you will meet your destiny now,
  tonight". Steve led her to the wall by her wrists, like the helpless slave
  she now was. What ever was to happen now, she had done to her self. She felt
  foolish and very aroused.  
 He fixed her to the wall by her wrists, her wrists were over a meter apart
  above her head. Then Steve secures her legs over a meter apart as well.  
"This position is called a St. Andrews Cross. You can pray to him if you
  like. But I doubt it will help you. As you can see it leaves every part of
  your body vulnerable to what ever I wish".  
Jenny watched Steve cross the room and open what looked like a drinks cabinet.
  It wasn't a drinks cabinet. It contained hand cuffs, dildos, whips, canes and
  leather and metal implements she couldn't even name.  
Steve returned with a bottle, a small bag and a riding crop.  
Jenny actually felt grateful it had not been some of the other implements
  (at least not yet, anyway)  
 The bag contained sprung clothes pins, a red candle and a cigarette lighter.
  Steve laid out his new 'toys' on table, and approached her with 3 of the clothes
  pegs. "I'm going to hurt you now" he casually informed her.  
Jenny could feel the panic rising in her, but she couldn't. No, wouldn't
  do anything about it, even if she could.  
As the first peg closed around her nipple, she closed her eyes with resignation
  and winced at the pain, but remained silent.  
The second peg traced the line of her breast till it too closed around her
  other nipple. The pain began to build in her nipples until she became 'accustomed'
  to the discomfort. The pain remained as an almost unbearable ache. And to Steve's
  satisfaction she whimpered and contorted in the confines of her bonds trying
  in vain to find some ease from the torment.  
Steve's hand no traced from her knee to her crotch, and her faced flushed
  scarlet as Steve reached her cunt. It was sopping wet. To add to her misery,
  she now felt like a school girl caught out buy the teacher and the shame overwhelmed
  her. She began to well up with tears just as Steve used his fingers to part
  her labia, and the third peg was attached to her clit. She lost all control
  and screamed momentarily. Then her scream was cut of by a flood of sobs and
  tears.  
Steve spent a few minutes admiring his handy work. Then whispered in Jenny's
  ear "This is the first and lightest of many degradations and tortures that
  I have planned for you, but you don't mind that, do you. After all, your my
  property, by your own choice". His words were punctuated by him removing the
  peg on her left nipple. The pain of blood rushing back to her abused nipple
  was unbelievably intense. Jenny began to gasp violently as she struggled to
  control the pain. She saw Steve's hand moving toward the peg on her other nipple,
  and she tried to pull away from him.  
"Ah, reluctance". Steve observed, "that will not do. As you must learn, things
  can always be worse". He took hold of the peg, but did not release it from
  her nipple, he just pulled, with it still firmly attached. Jenny began to whine
  and moan as her nipple became extended from her body. Then her breath quickened
  and panic began to set in as she realised Steve had not stopped pulling. The
  pressure increased and panic filled her eyes, her composure, faltered and she
  screamed "Noooooo&hellip;"; Just as the strain on the peg pulled it from her
  clamped nipple.  
Her body bucked and convulsed as she tried to stem the anguish in her breast,
  frustrated by her inability to massage the tortured nipple back to life.  
Steve came to the rescue and gently began to massage her breasts and nipples.
  Her blood flow returned to normal and the pain subsided and eventually disappeared.
  As her breathing returned to normal she spoke.  
"Steve, that was too much&hellip;.I can't take it, I want you, but that's
  too much pain"  
Steve looked impassively at her, She realised instantly.  
"I mean, Master, I'm sorry master, please forgive me" and she lowered her
  eyes.  
 "This isn't working, I should take you home, It appears I was wrong about
  you." Steve said coldly and with genuine disappointment in his voice.  
Jenny felt panic rising in her belly. This was all going to end! It had barely
  begun. She searched inside her self, and convinced herself that to satisfy
  her new base urges, she could take more, and she might agree anything to be
  with Steve. His strength gave her fresh resolve. She could  do
  any thing for this man. And so she made her pledge;  
"No master, I am sorry, I will do anything! And I mean ANYTHING. Please forgive
  me master, I want to be with you, in any way you desire, I can and will take
  anything you choose for me. PLEASE let me stay, I'll agree to anything".  
Steve looked, visibly impressed, he new what it was she was offering, but
  he wasn't sure she fully understood.  
"You are describing total slavery, I don't have 24/7 live in slaves. I offer
  only short term fantasy, when we are done, you can and do go back to your normal
  life until such time as we meet up again".  
Jenny looked happy with that arrangement, So Steve continued.  
"You are giving your self up for total  domination.
  No safe words, no mercy, No choice, just sensations out of your control.  
Jenny's crotch was squirming with excitement, and she was practically salivating.  
"Yes master" She happily said.  
"Here is what will happen. I will test you with whips and canes", he casually
  pinched and twisted her nipples as he talked. "I am going to fuck hard, with
  nipple clamps biting you nipples. I may even torture your clit to give you
  a really powerful orgasm" He slid the fingers of his other hand between her
  cunt lips and his finger nails dug into the base of her clit. Jenny gave a
  satisfying low growl from the pain. Steve spent the next ten minutes or so
  assaulting her breasts belly and thighs and cunt with a riding crop in one
  hand and a short, soft leather cat o nine tails in the other. When he had finished
  Jenny was lightly and evenly reddened from her breasts to her knees and she
  was adorned with a beautiful film of perspiration. Jenny was monumentally over
  sexed, but had not yet orgasmed. To her surprise, she had almost cum several
  times, when the cat struck her crotch. She felt she must be a total slut to
  have nearly cum from being whipped. The pain covering the front of her body
  was already a dull ache, and she didn't hate it. But deep down part of her
  hated herself. How could she do this to her self?, how could she let some do
  this to her? She must be really bad, so felt she deserved everything she got.  
Then Steve stood in front of her, he attached two oval metal clamps to her
  nipples, the pain was as bad as before, but she bore it well. Then he let go
  of them. The weight added a new dimension to her torment and she wined under
  her breath, her head rocking from side to side and her body contorting to try
  to find some ease from the torture. But of course there was none.  
As Steve enjoyed the anguish on her face he stepped forward till their bodies
  touched, he bent at the knees and as he stood to full height, his condomed
  cock cleaved her cunt in half. Her shock was visible, she hadn't seen him remove
  his trousers. He fucked her violently, his chest aggravating the nipple clamps.
  She came quickly, and harder than ever before. He did not stop. He continued
  to plough into her, lifting her bodily off the floor with each upward stroke.
  She strained at the chains binding her to the wall as wave after wave or orgasm
  tore through her. Steve finally came. Jenny was dripping with sweat, her breath
  uncontrollable, she was exhausted, and she hung beautifully in her bonds, cum
  dribbling from her cunt down her legs.  
Steve cleaned himself up, and began to rub a cream into Jenny's reddened
  flesh. It was instantly soothing.  
"It's an antiseptic soothing moisturiser". He informed her. "By tomorrow;
  you could wear a bikini and no one would know what you were doing today".  
Jenny was impressed; Steve seemed to have thought of everything.  
"What about noise"? She asked. "Don't your neighbours mind"?  
"I own the top tree floors and the glass is triple glazed, no one can here
  us here".  
Jenny was still bound to the wall; and at that awkward stage when all of
  the 'fun' is over and only one of you is still in character, or in this case
  a compromising position.  
Steve dressed himself and brought some damp wipes and cleaned Jenny up.  
"So, what next"? He mused. "I am more than satisfied that I made the right
  choice, you have been fantastic; but I want more. Do you feel the same way"?  
Jenny squirmed a little "Are you going to unlock me from the wall"? She asked
  meekly.  
"Oh, not yet" Steve answered, "I have a few questions for you, and it pleases
  me to have you answer them; naked, exposed and captive".  
Jenny felt foolish for having even asked. How could the game be over so soon.
  Steve would tell her when it was finished.  
"Yes master, what do you want to know"? Jenny was already back in character.  
Steve strolled to and fro as he addressed her.  
"Answer clearly, without hesitation. Do you understand"?  
"Yes, Master" she replied.  
"Have you enjoyed this evening"?  
"Yes Master" she replied again.  
"Do you want to visit with me again"?  
"Oh, Yes Master"  
"You realise, I will take our relationship further" Steve challenged.  
"Yes Master"  
"You realise that you gave up your safe word tonight, do you want that to
  be our permanent arrangement"?  
"If it pleases you Master"  
"You have to choose; I will not take it from you or coerce you into relinquishing
  your safe word. If you trust me enough and you  want to,
  I will accept your offer. If you have any  reservations
  I urge you strongly to retain your safe word. You can only make this choice
  once, and if your not ready, It could be a choice you regret. Think of it like
  getting married, it is a point of no return".  
"Can I ask a question" She said thoughtfully  
"You may ask a question" Steve confirmed.  
"If I give up my safe word, will I no longer be safe from harm" She asked.  
"No, Safe word or not I will never break our original agreement, no permanent
  damage" Steve Said.  
Jenny Immediately offered, "Can I think about it? Can I give you my safe
  word next time we meet, if that's what I have decided"?  
 "Bravo" Steve congratulated her "Any other answer and I would have thought
  your choice too rash. It is a big step, and I am glad you are giving it proper
  consideration". Steve began to unlock her wall cuffs, massaging her wrists
  and ankles as he went.  
"I would like to spend more time with you, maybe 24 hours or even a week,
  to explore our relationship. Not here, somewhere more atmospheric. But you
  must choose to do so, It will mean a longer session, more pain, deeper depths
  of depravity, more sexual excess, and you will have no control over what I
  choose for you. You will only know that no matter what, you will survive without
  permanent harm to the end of the session, for the perverted and sadistic pleasure
  of your master".  
There was silence, the still naked Jenny Nodded her head.  
"In the meantime we should meet for a couple more evenings, say every two
  weeks"?. "And when I think your ready, we will discuss he safe word question
  again".  
Jenny agreed and for the next three alternate Fridays, Steve brought her
  to the penthouse apartment; Stripped her, spanked her, whipped her and bound
  her. She always suffered an excruciatingly long and powerful orgasm at Steve's
  expert hands. New implements were introduced each time. The second meeting;
  she was made to endure pussy weights, while she squatted to suck Steve's cock.
  The third session, dilodes were added to further heighten her stimulation.
  On the fourth session she was cained on her arse and whipped hard on her breasts
  after being made to lick Steve's arse hole. The caning and bull whipping was
  very painful and the marks did not totally subside for nearly a week. All through
  their meetings Jenny had never resorted to her safe word no matter how much
  she had wanted to, she was very proud of this. She discussed her experience
  with Steve by phone. He was very proud of her for taking the punishment so
  well, even though she had cried many tears and he thought she was ready for
  the next stage.  
"What does the next stage mean"? Jenny asked  
"More" he replied "more of everything and for longer than an evening. I think
  it's time you took a holiday from work.  
Jenny replied "Oh yes Master".  
"It is settled then, When next we meet I will ask what you have decided about
  your safe word and I will offer a doorway, If you choose to step through, the
  next level of Heaven and Hell will await you at my pleasure".  
Jenny was thinking a long week end, Steve offered an interesting possibility. "Would
  you consider two weeks, not all of it indulging in our new found pursuits?
  I'm thinking of a day or weekend relaxing followed by several days at play,
  then a week or more of recuperation before returning to the mundane world".  
Jenny thought long and hard, "It sounds perfect" She said.  
"I'll give you no more details; I'll save them as a surprise, pack light
  and for a warm climate".  
A date was set for three weeks time, tactfully avoiding Jenny's next period.
  Steve really did seem to think of everything.  
Jenny met Steve at the Manchester International Airport. Steve led her to
  a VIP courtesy lounge. Their flight was nothing less than a chartered executive
  jet, and they were the only two passengers. There were three crew. A Pilot,
  co-pilot and a stewardess; all of whom knew 'Mr. Steve' by name.  
At the base of the planes steps Steve asked Jenny, did she still want to
  give up all choices, and if so to signify it by stepping into the plane. She
  did so with out another word. As they sat down Steve asked her about her safe
  word. Jenny had long since decided.  
"I renounce my safe word, I am yours". She said. Steve nodded and no more
  was said. Shortly after take off the stewardess appeared from behind a curtained
  area at the rear of the plane. Jenny nearly fainted. The stewardess was naked
  but for a black leather choker around her neck, there was a silver pad lock
  which prevented its removal. She had pierced nipples with small silver sleeper
  bars and there was a large heavy looking pad lock hanging from rings which
  were through her bald cunt lips.  
"Jenny, this is Yolanda" Steve announced as he removed his safety belt.  
"You have another slave"? Jenny observed  
"No, Yolanda is not my property, but, Yes, I have used her before now". Jenny
  relaxed a little. Steve continued "She belongs to a friend of mine; Karl. This
  is Karl's plane, and we are going to Karl's Island". He casually added "You
  do not need to know where exactly".  
"May I ask, who is Karl"? Jenny said.  
"He is a like minded friend". And Steve offered no more on the subject.  
Yolanda sat beside Jenny and said "give me your hand". Jenny looked toward
  Steve, he nodded. Yolanda placed a small yellow plastic box over Jenny's thumb
  and there was an audible click! Yolanda removed the small box, jenny's thumb
  was bleeding.  
"Don't worry" Steve said "it's a routine blood test".  
Jenny looked puzzled.  
"Everyone going to the island has one; it's safer for all concerned. Have
  you had any sexual partners since the last time we saw each other"? Steve asked.  
"No" Jenny replied.  
"Then there will be no problem" Steve confirmed "This will confirm your STD
  status and whether your pregnant or not. The results will be back tomorrow".  
Jenny was given two pills to take and everyone else on the plane gave a similar
  blood sample.  
"What were the pills for"?  
"Chemical sterilisation" Steve announced "It's not as bad as it sounds, it's
  like double dosing the pill, but much more reliable. There is no way you can
  get pregnant in the next month and as a side effect, you will not menstruate
  for at least another 60 days. Consider it a holiday".  
"Before we land, I want to go over a few things. First and most importantly,
  the island has rules, they are not negotiable, and transgressions are dealt
  very severely. Tomorrow, you will have the status of guest. No one may use
  or harm you in any way. By the end of tomorrow, your STD status will be confirmed
  and you will be introduced to the entire island as a slave. My slave. For use
  in any way I see fit, with and by whomever I choose. Steve informed her.  
"You mean I could be used by someone other than you"? She butted in.  
"You are mine to do with as I please, our agreement is set, You will bring
  me pleasure and gratification with whomever I choose, and if you question further,
  I will make sure it is far more unpleasant than you can ever imagine". Steve
  sounded cross with her questioning. Jenny had forgotten her place; it would
  not happen again.  
The rules for a slave on the island are as follows.  
Everyone on the island is superior to you and to be addressed as master or
  mistress.  
You will not look anyone in the eye unless told to do so, it is disrespectful.  
You will do what ever you are told, by anyone, at any time without hesitation.  
You will remember to be submissive, or you will be made to be submissive.  
You will not try to leave the island or explore in any areas unaccompanied.
  The island has dangers that I do not want you to fall foul of.  
The plane touched down on a private airstrip. The island was tropical with
  a single large mountain surrounded by 5 smaller irregular hills. There were
  numerous coves and beaches. There was no one to greet the plane, but 10 minutes
  after landing Steve, Yolanda and Jenny had walked to a small clearing with
  a beach hut. The interior was nothing less than 5-star with 4 spacious en-suite
  bedrooms. There was a phone but no dial, it appeared to be connected to only
  one other number. Steve and Yolanda went into the trees leaving Jenny to settle
  in for the rest of the day. She had strict instructions not to venture out
  of site of the beach hut.  
Jenny did as she was told.  
The TV had satellite reception from all over the world; there were over 1000
  channels in every imaginable language.  
It seemed like early evening before Yolanda returned for her, still as unclad
  as she had been on the plane.  
"I have the pleasure of informing you that all formalities have been completed
  satisfactorily. You are officially up-rated from guest to slave. May your suffering
  be intriguing and exquisite?  
"Follow me" Yolanda ordered.  
Jenny did as she was ordered.  
They walked for half a mile trough light forest. There was a barely follow-able
  trail. Jenny imagined it would be very easy to get lost in this undergrowth.  
They emerged to a large clearing with what looked like an oblong Viking long
  house with several small grass huts or out buildings surrounding it.  
The long house had a grey brick ground floor and a mud upper floor topped
  with a solid looking thatched roof. And was over 20meters long on the longest
  side.  
On the far side of the clearing was a generator compound. In addition there
  was a pool, part sheltered by the trees with an adjoining roffed pation to
  the long house.  
There were no people in evidence around the compound. Yolanda led her over
  to the long house. To the side of it there was a patio area linking the 'house'
  to the pool by a covered patio area. Steve was there, and another man; taller
  than Steve with dark unkempt hair and a fuller face than Steve's chiselled
  features. She took this to be Karl. There were two staff serving drinks. She
  recognised them as the pilot and co pilot from the plane. They were now dressed
  in black cycling shorts and had mock collars and dickey bows. They were either
  sweating or their bodies were oiled. At the table with Steve and Karl were
  four other people. A short overweight man with dark hair and a pleasant smile,
  A blonde woman, also over weight, with a slightly pretentious look about her,
  expensive dress tastes and a chipped front tooth. There was also an older,
  tall slender woman, with her hair in a reddish brown bob. Kneeling at her feet
  was a tall buxom woman with brown shoulder length curly hair. She was naked
  and had evidence of a recent vicious whipping to her shoulders and back. Hers
  was the only gaze not directed at Jenny.  
"Well Steve, Lets see her" Karl barked in a Germanic accent.  
"Strip! Quickly and efficiently, put your clothes on the bar stool beside
  you".  
There was a glimmer of hesitation from Jenny, but she unbuttoned her blouse,
  took it off and folded it neatly on the stool. The rest of her clothing followed
  and in no time she was naked in front of total strangers, eyes downcast and
  hands desperately wanting to cover herself, but knowing to do so would be a
  serious mistake.  
"Her name is Jenny" Steve announced, "She is neophyte level, and has with
  my dispensation given up her safe word. She is trained in light whipping and
  caning, and has experienced light clamps and some bondage". Jenny was concerned
  at Steve's use of the word 'light'. She had felt their recent meetings had
  classed her as a veteran submissive. It appeared this was not the case. However
  she knew well enough not to speak.  
Steve continued "I have elected to bring her to the island for training and
  experiences beyond her current limits". Jenny began to realise this soliloquy
  was more for her than the other assembled guests of the island. "I do not believe
  she is ready, and will undoubtedly need coercion. She has agreed to accept
  any and all experiences that I wish for her. The island as you all know is
  hundreds of miles from the nearest civilisation, and we are the only occupants
  on the island". Steve face changed to one of lust, similar to a child with
  a new toy. This look frightened Jenny, and for the first time she did not feel
  safe. Yolanda placed a blind fold over Jenny's eyes, and fixed it securely
  around her head.  
Jenny's attention was focused on Steve's words.  
"I want her to advance to full torture and the deepest depths of depravity
  and misery that we can inflict upon a semi willing slave. She has entered into
  a bargain that she is not prepared for the consequences of. It is my wish that
  she be made to regret the decision and then be trained to love the degradation".
  Steve looked smug with his announcement, as a cheer went up from the table.
  Jenny's fear was now visible on her face. As if to counter her reluctance;
  the two 'bar' staff now appeared at her shoulders and held her upper arms.
  Their grip was powerful.  
"It is only proper that we all sample the goods. Steve said.  
Jenny heard the moving of chairs and steps, then a sea of hands began to
  maul her, stroking every part of her body. There were approving murmurs from
  the group, as one by one they drifted back to their seats. Jenny knew that
  female hands had been amongst those that had touched her. She shuddered involuntarily
  at the thought.  
Steve posed a question to the group "If you had free reign with her, what
  would you do with her, no holds barred"? Steve was very serious now "Because,
  before our stay is over I will give her to one of you, to do as you will".
  Yolanda removed Jenny's blind fold so she could see, who intended what for
  her.  
"Electrocute her cunt, till she passed out from cumming or the pain" The
  tall woman screeched.  
"I would see her whipped to orgasm" Karl bellowed.  
Steve interjected "S, what would you do to a slave, if you had free reign"?  
S was the kneeling slave, Jenny felt sure that a like minded victim of this
  arrangement would be sympathetic. Of course she was wrong. S had seen an opportunity
  to inflict on another, what had been done to her. "Master, I would restrain
  her, torture her with weights and whips. I would set her pubes ablaze, and
  sooth her crotch with nettles. I would surround her clit and arse hole with
  pins, then have her fucked in every orifice to unconsciousness. Then, I'd let
  the animals have her. I'd force her to fuck and suck'em all.  
There was a general murmur of approval Jenny's heart sank.  
"And what of you Jean(Jon)" Steve asked the shorter dark haired man.  
"Steve, you know my tastes, I just want to fuck while inflicting as much
  pain as possible, and I want to keep making her ask for more, or face the alternatives.
  You never know, she might break the record".  
"Wouldn't that be something" Steve muttered under his breath.  
The heavier woman, Caroline offered her choice of ordeal next, I want her
  breasts in rope bondage, then I want to see her lifted off the ground by her
  tits while I paddle her arse to the shade of my choice.  
"Now for some fun" Steve announced.  
Jenny reacted instantly and began to struggle, but the two me holding her
  moved her easily to two nearby poles in the ground. She was cuffed, standing,
  spread eagle to the poles in the late afternoon sun, exposed for any torment
  to come.  
Steve approached her and whispered softly in her ear. "you are doing wonderfully,
  I am so proud of you". And Jenny relaxed, this was all obviously an act, they
  would never take things that far.  
"I am so happy that you have submitted to all that we have planned for you".
  Steve continued, and her heart sank again as she realised the nightmare was
  real. "I look forward to seeing your boundaries reached and surpassed. You
  will look exquisite in the agonies that await you. And as per our agreement
  there will be no lasting physical harm, you will one day heal from your experiences
  here". Steve moved even closer to her and whispered softer "I hope your mind
  will hold. That variable cannot be predicted, not everyone has the resolve
  to survive what you have agreed to".  
Jenny's return look could only be described as "!".  
Before he stepped away he took hold of her nipples and pinched harder than
  she could bear, then twisted them past 180 o  .  
Her scream reached the hole island. As she recovered to take breath, a soft
  leather cat of nine tails fell on her back. She winced a yelped. Then the other
  bar man, the pilot stepped into her field of vision. His cat fell horizontally
  across her breasts. She contracted in a violent stomach crunch. A moment later
  the other cat struck her back again. They alternated blows expertly. Her resulting
  movements were hypnotic, within a dozen lashes she was sweating profusely and
  her skin was reddening. Every new blow seemed to land somewhere different,
  back, front, under her arms, belly, legs and arse. She was in turmoil, her
  eyes streaming with tears, her gasps for breath and unanswered please for mercy
  now muffled grunts of acceptance and new lashes kissed her body.  
After what seed like hundreds of lashes, she slumped in her bonds, no unconscious
  but past caring. The pain had long since become one dull ache consuming her
  entire body.  
"That's enough" she heard Steve's instruction to the barmen.  
Jenny didn't notice Steve wave slave S in her direction. S approached and
  applied large quantise of the soothing balm that Steve had used on their first
  night together. Rapidly she began to recover. The ministrations of slave S
  were not confined to the application of the balm. She took every opportunity
  to pinch and massage Jenny's tits and cunt lips. She was a lesbian, and Jenny
  hated that. Jenny knew she was perverse, but lesbians were just, sick. It was
  unnatural.  
'Ohhhh' that felt good. She was momentarily distracted by the ministrations
  of S.  
'Shit' Jenny thought to herself, as she tried to recoil away from the touch
  of S. 'How can this dyke bitch be turning me on'? And so her shame and degradation
  advanced to another level.  
When the balm had been liberally applied, Steve returned, with Karl. Karl
  was carrying a clear plastic toy gardening fork and Steve had an 8 inch clear
  plastic rod. Jenny looked puzzled. Steve touched his plastic rod to her left
  breast, as she noticed him activate a stud on the handle. As the rod glowed
  violet, her vision went white. She could hear the crackles of electricity dancing
  over her sensitive breasts. Her body was bucking and contorting. Her movements
  were trying in vain to protect the exposed mammary. Karl's implement had similar
  tortures for her as he scratched it down her back, causing half a dozen furrows
  of pain as it went. Karl revelled in assaulting her arse cheeks and the backs
  of her legs with his new toy. Then after a few minutes, just as Jenny was getting
  breathless from her exertions; they stopped. They both stood in front of her,
  each with a wicked look in there eyes. Steve introduced her to her new agony
  first. He touched the rod to the base of her breast and applied the current
  as before. He traced the rod down Jenny's rib cage. The resulting contortions
  induced the worst cramps Jenny had her experienced. She was paralysed with
  pain unable to draw breath. As he stopped, she gasped for air, her body heaving
  in the warm evening air. Then Karl repeated the exercise on the other side
  of her rib cage. She screamed till the paralysis engulfed her, then fought
  for breath, before Steve returned to his side again. It seemed like hours,
  but was probably more like minutes before the two men stopped. Jenny couldn't
  speak. She just gasped for breath, soaked in sweat and trembling in her bonds.  
"Good girl Jenny, I am very proud of you, my beautiful slave" Steve told
  her, as if she'd had any choice at this point. "I have another choice for you".  
Jenny paused her gasping long enough to half look at Steve.  
Steve continued with a satisfied look on his face. "I offer you the choice
  of anal sex with one of use her tonight, or a mere repeat of the mild whipping
  and violet wands that you have so easily coped with today". Jenny's eyes flares
  wide in disbelief. "I can't do that again" she whispered to Steve, hoping beyond
  hope that he might have some mercy on her.  
He turned back to the table of people "Excellent she has chosen anal rape,
  to entertain us my friends". A cheer went up from the on lookers, Jenny's head
  dropped in defeat.  
"So how can we make this interesting"? Steve Challenged "She's getting tired.
  I'll have to make this the last game of the night" and a muffled conversation
  ensued that Jenny could not overhear.  
The two barmen returned and un cuffed her from the poles which had been her
  home for the last hour and a half. 'Oh, god' she thought to her self. It had
  seemed like an eternity. She began to tremble with genuine fear. She couldn't
  take another day of this, let alone a week or even more. Panic began to swamp
  her. What if they never let her go? She wanted to fight, to struggle. But she
  was exhausted. The pilot and co pilot carried her away to one of the huts.
  They were gentle, but did not speak. They gave her water, but no food. They
  laid her on her back on a low table and put padded ankle and wrist cuffs on
  her. Then her ankle cuffs were attached to a ceiling ring and a 2 litre bag
  was hung on the same ring. She began to struggle in vain as she realised, she
  was about to receive her first ever enema.  
The co pilot whispered in her ear "If Jean, hadn't objected, we could have
  done this out side for everyone to watch" As if Jenny needed a reminder that
  things could ALWAYS be worse for her. The barmen took their time with the enema,
  they made her hold it in for over ten minutes, the cramps were painful, but
  nothing like the touch of the violet wands. These cramps were almost bearable
  by comparison.  
The 'clean', rested Jenny was returned to the group. Her body was still very
  sensitive. She could see that the reddening from the earlier whips was already
  subsiding, and she could hardly tell she had been touched b a whip, let alone
  flayed to within an inch of unconsciousness, as she had experienced. She knew
  in her heart, that most if not all of the people on this island were expert
  at inflicting pain, while making sure the victim would be able for more shortly
  afterward, and she could see by the look n there eyes, this group had decided
  she was ready for more. She dropped her gaze in submission as the pilot linked
  her wrist cuffs behind her back.  
Kurt stepped forward "Your master, has permitted me the honour of presenting
  the details of your choice of submission. I thank him for her opportunity,
  and I am very grateful to you for electing for such a challenging and entertaining
  torture this early in the week, It bodes very well for the heights of agony
  and depths of depravity we might achieve later in the week".  
Jenny could tell he was mocking her. As if she had a choice in what they
  did to her now. But she did, and she had given it away by coming here. This was  her
  choice. This is what she  had agreed to. 'Fuck' she had
  done this to herself. She had signed up for this nightmare, willingly. These
  sick fucks might actually believe they were helping her live out her fantasy.
  She should say something, NOW! But, if she was wrong, she might never make
  it off this island. And so, her self loathing told her to stay quiet and take
  what was coming to her.  
She was led to the table, with in touching distance of most of those seated
  at it. As she was being made to lay belly first on the table, Karl began to
  explain what awaited her. "On the table is good" he continued in his strong
  Germanic accent, "But your tits must be hanging over one end, we have very
  special things for your tits. My servants will now link your wrist cuffs to
  your ankle cuffs and they in turn will be attached to this wooden bar". The
  bar hung down from the light assembly over the table. She was trussed up with
  her ankles and wrists linked, arching her arms behind her to her ankles and
  attached to the one meter spreader bar. She was a magnificent sight. Head angled
  down, breasts hanging over the table edge exposing her arse and cunt. She felt
  totally humiliated by this position and feared what was to come. The position
  of her legs did not provide easy access for any penetration from her rear,
  and she was less sure than ever how this would proceed.  
Enid, the older woman with the reddish brown hair, crouched to eye level
  with Jenny. "look my dear, I have these for you." In her hand were two of the
  oval, metal nipple clamps that she had seen before. She braced herself as they
  were closed around each nipple. They bit into her tender flesh, and she exuded
  soft sounds of discomfort and she fought to cope with the pain.  
"And now for the rape" Karl announced proudly.  
Jenny couldn't see who was behind her, but it was fingers not cock which
  touched her arse hole first. The fingers had no long nails, so it was most
  likely a man, and they were lubricated. Her tensed arse, resisted, but could
  not stop the slick digits parting the mouth of her arse. They probed, twisted
  and tugged at her arse. Jenny felt sick to her stomach and each movement subtlety
  induced sway in the new jewellery on her nipples. The hand, abusing her settled
  into a comfortable rhythm. Thumb in her arse, two fingers in her cunt and a
  final finger rubbing her clit. The persons for arm was pushing her hole body
  forward several inches then the bondage returned her to a rest state. All the
  time her pinched nipples were being made to sway. Jenny gave up sounds of her
  pain with every thrust, and through it all, the stirrings of an orgasm began
  to build in her belly. The wantonness began to over take the pain, and her
  sounds changed ever so subtly from ones of pain to ones of desire. Suddenly
  the hand was removed. Jenny moaned a sound of disappointment.  
"Do you want more"? Steve asked. I was him behind her.  
Jenny could not envisage the consequences of her answer, she could only say "Yes
  master, Yes, Please".  
The hand returned and she was brought to orgasm in total silence from the
  group.  
The silence was wrong, she had done something wrong, but what was it and
  what would the consequence be?  
"Slave Jenny" Karl said. "You have enjoyed pleasure, and now you are to offer
  oral sex as thanks for your pleasure".  
Jenny was over sexed as it was, even after the passing of her orgasm.  
"Yes, I offer my mouth for my master, I want to suck him and swallow his
  seed" Jenny offered wantonly and willingly.  
"I am sure you do" Karl replied "but you are to give oral satisfaction to
  those who have pleasured you".  
Jenny was instantly horrified; It had not been Steve working her to orgasm.
  Enid and slave S crouched to be at eye level with Jenny's face, and they just
  smiled. Slave S had short fingernails, by the time the hand had switched to
  Enid, Jenny had been past caring.  
A low reclining chair was brought before Jenny. Enid sat in the chair, pulling
  up her skirt as she did so, to reveal a neatly trimmed but aging bush. In the
  absence of Jenny's hands being free, Enid reached down and parted her lips.
  Slave S pushed Jenny's head to meet them. Jenny remained tight lipped, and
  did nothing.  
"Ah" Steve observed. And Jenny felt something pressing at the mouth of her
  arse. Suddenly she began to writhe in pain as Steve activated the violet wand,
  then he applied pressure and it invaded into her rectum. He angled the device
  around every corner of Jenny's rectum. The results were spectacular and instant.
  She began lapping furiously at Enid's open cunt. Then Steve removed the wand.
  The act repulsed her, but she was to terrified to protest further. The cunt
  smelled as she expected, much like her own, she had never wanted to taste this.
  Surly she could be forced to do nothing more depraved than this. She put all
  her body and soul into the task, but found Enid hard to bring off. The task
  took much longer than she ever feared, as she searched for any tonguing action
  which might illicit and orgasm from her Lesbian user. Eventually she found
  that alternating between labia and clit with just the right frequency forced
  an orgasm from the older woman. This had taken nearly 10 minutes. Jenny's jaw
  and tongue ached. The older woman was quickly replaced with Slave S. Her cunt
  totally shaven and much larger, and the girth of her pelvis brought it much
  closer to Jenny's face. She was quickly enveloped by the flesh and muskiness
  of an excited twat. S bucked enthusiastically against Jenny's face. Jenny could
  hardly breathe, but the enthusiasm ensured that the ordeal was over quickly.
  Jenny was left in her bonds, her face dripping with the juices of two women.
  Less than twenty minutes earlier, she would not even have contemplated a lesbian
  act. She had sunk another level into her own voluntary hell.  
For the next twenty minutes, people finished their drinks and said their
  good nights before retiring to their particular huts. Jenny was left, totally
  ignored. Eventually only Steve remained. He removed the nipple clamps and took
  pleasure in the pain on Jenny's face. Then he released her from her bonds.
  He made no effort to speak to her, and Jenny did not know what to say to him.
  So silently Steve led her to a hut of her own. He motioned for her to wash
  and pee, all while he watched. Then he gave her a little food and water before
  laying her on a single bed and attaching her cuffs to the four corners, leaving
  her spread eagled. He kissed her tenderly, and sleep took her.  
Dawn broke over the island. Jenny was sleeping heavily, chained face up to
  her bunk. The heat was rising too. This was going to be a hot day. Steve was
  standing in the door way to the hut. He was watching Jenny's naked body slumbering.
  The rest of the island was waking too. Karl arrived at Steve's shoulder.  
"She is magnificent, my friend. Are you sure you won't sell her to me"? Karl
  asked.  
"I told you she is a neophyte, she's had less than half a dozen sessions,
  maybe when she's had a dozen or more and she has advanced to a level where
  she could understand that kind of commitment. Then and only then, I might consider
  selling her to you, and it would only be to you". Steve answered.  
"What about today, are you ready for this"? Karl challenged,  
"The question is; Is she ready for today"? Steve replied with a cruel smirk
  on his face.  
Karl suddenly motioned his stare in the direction of Jenny. Steve's gaze
  followed Karl's. Jenny was awake, wide eyed, but silent. They were both unsure
  how much she had heard, but as she was a slave it didn't matter. Steve enjoyed
  explaining things to Jenny, knowing she had no choice but to listen and accept
  anything he said.  
"Good morning slave" Steve no longer referred to her as Jenny.  
"Thank you for you participation yesterday, I am glad that you did not disappoint" he
  said with an air implied threat in his voice.  
Jenny listened intently, her mind consumed by lust. She had awoken from dreams
  of tortured orgasms, and fantasy's more intense than any she had ever imagined.
  She honestly wanted more. Her body tingled, in the morning heat. There was
  no evidence of the seemingly devastating assaults of the previous day. Even
  her whip reddened flesh had returned to its natural colour. She had survived
  'un-harmed' just as promised. The look of realisation on her face was obvious
  to Steve and Karl.  
Steve continued his menu of the day speech.  
"For the next hour you will be watered, fed, exercised and cleaned up. For
  the last couple of months and yesterday you have experience humiliation and
  light stimulation. Today I want you to be tortured without mercy. To be a total
  slave you must suffer for your art. Is this what you want"? he asked, and before
  she could answer he added "be under no illusions, this will  hurt.
  So if the choice was still yours to make, what would it have been"?  
Jenny remained silent and thoughtful in her totally compromised position.
  Her resolve was being challenged, Bolstered by her lustful dreams, she mustered
  all of her courage, then she closed her eyes and almost whispered  
"I wouldn't turn back now, even if I could".  
"I'm glad you said that" Steve answered as he brought a riding crop down
  on Jenny's nearest nipple.  
"Ahhh!" She screamed as the shock and pain caused through her.  
Instant realisation shattered her sex filled fantasy.  
"Master"! She wailed "yes Master, sorry Master, forgive me Master", the day
  was a few minutes old and there was already a tear forming in her eyes.  
Karl and Steve un-cuffed Jenny, they gave her water and a little food, she
  was even allowed to use the toilet, supervised of course. A shower followed
  in the sun drenched court yard with all of the islands guests in attendance.
  Jenny was ordered to follow many instructions and requests form the guests.
  Soap your tits, pinch your own nipples, part you pussy lips, put your fingers
  up your self, bend over and pull your arse cheeks apart. Jenny's half hour
  shower left her clean, yet dirty from humiliation. She hated doing anything
  ordered by the women, but was equally as aroused by requests from the men.
  She was beginning to enjoy the decadence of the requests. Steve could see she
  was having far too much fun. The water was turned off. Within moments Jenny
  became aware of just how hot it could get on this island. It was already over
  40 o  C and Jenny was drying rapidly in the heat.  
Steve stood up. "I have talked with slave Jenny, she understands and has
  agreed to be tortured as I see fit. Any plea for mercy will go unanswered.  
An improvised saw horse was delivered by the barmen. It left nothing to the
  imagination. Its sides were solid and Jenny's feet would not be able to reach
  the ground. Atop the apex of the frame was a double dildo, for simultaneous
  anal and vaginal penetration. The dildo sizes were reasonable, save for the
  fact that they would be supporting all of Jenny's weight. Jenny was grateful
  when Enid took a tube of lubricant and applied some to the phallus's waiting
  for her. Karl and Steve replaced her ankle and wrist cuffs then locked her
  wrists behind her back. Then they lifted her and worked her on to her new instrument
  of torment. They lowered her gently till her crotch began to take the strain
  of her weight. The dildos parted her excited sex easily, as she went down to
  the apex. Her arse however was resisting and she was bodily tipping forward
  as her sphincter resisted for as long as it could. Then they both angled to
  enjoy the expression on her face as they let go of her, the final inch or two
  of cunt was filled to the opening of her womb, and her arse yielded in the
  straight drop down. She could feel her arse stinging, she felt the session
  must surly stop, but no one seemed to care. She was expected to cope with the
  pain and discomfort, because her torture would continue anyway.  
She braced her self for what was to come. As she tried to settle to some
  degree of comfort, her movements were getting her hotter as she began to rock
  herself backward and forward on the saw horse. She felt a hand grab her left
  breast. There was a flash of white hot pain and she flinched to escape the
  assault. Steve had driven a 6" long needle into her breast just behind the
  areole of her nipple. She squealed as he continued to push it out the bottom
  of her breast.  
Steve whispered in her ear, "Tell me you want the same in your right breast".  
"No, I fuckin' won't master" She blurted at him.  
Instantly her head was yanked backward by Karl who had been standing behind
  her. He shoved a ball gag into her mouth and deftly buckled it behind her head.
  Steve held two  of the needles in her field of vision.  
"Do you want two needles put through your right tit"? Steve asked her.  
She shook her head, tears welling out of her pleading eyes.  
"Three it is then" Steve informed her and she began to get the message. She
  stopped shaking her head and cocked her head to one side pleading as much as
  she could with just her eyes, but giving no other sign that could be interpreted
  as refusal and get her more needles. Jenny screamed and cried into the gag
  as two of the needles were inserted vertically either side of her right nipple,
  all the way through the breast. Her breath and heart rate were frantic, her
  chest heaving with exertion, sweat forming all over her body. A third needle
  was of the smaller hypodermic variety used by hospitals. This one was positioned
  on the base of the right nipple itself. She squealed and manically shook her
  head, while instinctively holding her chest steady. It was to no avail. Steve
  moved the needle upward till the resistance of the skin was overcome by the
  weight of her breast. The needle popped out the top of her nipple to a satisfied
  look from Steve.  
"Would you like another ONE"  he stressed "&hellip;in
  you left nipple".  
Jenny was wide eyed with fear, but understood well enough. She tearfully
  nodded her surrender, and another small needle was used to horizontally adorn
  her left nipple.  
"I think a light flogging is in order" Karl suggested.  
"Be my guest" Steve invited him to make good on his offer.  
Jenny received 10 lashes of the favoured soft leather flogger stroking diagonally
  down her back, first one side then the other. There was silent appreciation
  and awe on the faces of the people watching as Jenny contorted in the agony
  of each whip stroke. The movement it caused in her impaled tits was excruciating.  
When the whipping was over, the needles were removed, but Jenny was left
  on the sibian saw horse. Steve took half an hour massaging the familiar soothing
  balm into her tortured breasts, and slowly but surely she began to feel better.
  She was surprised how little blood had been drawn by such a vicious attack
  upon her breasts.  
It appeared that it was Jenny's time to rest. Attention turned to the long
  house.  
Slave S was led out of the long house by a lead on her slave collar. Enid
  was holding it. Her hands were cuffed behind her back. The two of them were
  walking slowly. S's face was contorted in pain with every step. There was a
  100g weight on each nipple, attached by crocodile clips. On her hairless cunt
  there was 100g on each of her labia, inner and outer, both sides, in addition
  another one hanging from her clit. They hung to just above her knees. Her crotch
  was adorned by 500g's of clanking metal. New and old tears were mixing on her
  checks. Enid motioned to Jean, inviting him forward. Jean raised an implement.
  There was a click and the violet wand came to life. With a sweeping motion
  he struck S in the stomach. Current form the wand arced through her body, S
  spasmmed and all seven of the weights bounced around as she quivered from the
  current. She was fighting the urge to scream, her muffled cries getting louder
  and louder with each passing second. But Jean did not relinquish until S had
  surrendered the most gut wrenching scream of pain that Jenny had ever heard.
  Jean, apparently was an extreme sadist. Jenny feared him over all of the others;
  he seemed to have no limits. S was exhausted, panting heavily for breath; her
  nipples and cunt were swollen red raw from the abuse of the dancing weights.
  Jean activated the wand again.  
S looked horrified, but Enid put a hand on his wrist,  
"I would remind you that S is my slave, you use her with my permission, and
  never to the point where she can perform no useful services".  
Jean relented and handed over the wand to Enid. He shrugged and returned
  to his seat and drink.  
Some food was served by the bar men, and everyone was given the opportunity
  to take a natural break. Jenny and S were made to relieve them selves in full
  view of everyone. S did not seem to mind, but Jenny was still deeply disturbed
  and embarrassed by this. All returned to the shaded table by the pool. Jenny
  and S were kneeling at the feet of there respective Master and Mistress.  
Karl once again took the floor to speak.  
"it is time to, how do you say? Move up a gear"  
Jenny's heart sank, 'More'? 'Surely not' she thought to herself.  
Karl continued "Jenny and S have suffered quite deliciously for us this morning.
  But I feel that Jenny still has many new boundaries to discover".  
Deep down Jenny wasn't certain she could take much more. As if reading her
  mind Steve responded.  
"Jenny is progressing well, I am very proud of her. I think she has taken
  enough physical torment for one day. I will push that limit further tomorrow.
  For now I think she deserves some pleasure, but I want to know how depraved
  an act she will perform to be rewarded with it" Steve said as all eyes rested
  on Jenny.  
She briefly glanced up, looking at the evil looks of glee on the faces of
  the guests and she dropped her head in shame waiting what ever was to come.  
"Jenny, answer clearly and loudly enough for everyone to hear;  
"If I instruct you will you will you use your fingers to pleasure yourself
  for the amusement of everyone here"? Steve Asked.  
Jenny answered without looking up "Yes master, of course Master."  
"If I instruct you will you will you suck the cock of every man here for
  my amusement"? Steve Asked.  
With only a slight hesitation Jenny answered "Yes Master."  
"When I instruct you will you will you eat the pussy of every woman here
  for my amusement"? Steve Asked.  
Jenny answered "Yes Master". In a resigned tone.  
"So when I command it, you will fuck anything I tell you to"? Steve questioned.  
Jenny answered "Yes Master, of course".  
"I know you do not favour women, you have made that obvious and will be punished
  for it later in the week or now as the case may be. I offer you a choice. Eat
  the pussy of all the women here or suck off a pig and then be fucked by a dog".  
There was genuine surprise on Jenny's face. She couldn't believe what was
  being asked of her. She detested women as sexual partners, but animals? That
  was bestiality, how could she? The choice was impossible, but she had to make
  one &ndash; she wished for inspiration, and it came to her &ndash; she couldn't
  go near another woman, but anything she chose would please her master.  
"I will go with the animals" she offered meekly".  
A large dog was brought forward by the pilot and the co pilot brought the
  pig on a similar leash.  
"It pleases me to know what you would choose first; felatio with the pig
  or copulation with the canine"? Steve's definitions almost gave the acts credibility.
  Jenny considered not complying, but thought better of it.  
She chose being used to end the experience, and so requested the pig first.  
The pig was pristine clean and had a small dick. Jenny could be thankful
  for that. Steve instructed her that she must use her mouth only, and was to
  bring the pig to orgasm, then swallow any semen, that the pig produced. With
  a sick making feeling in her stomach, Jenny nodded her compliance.  
She was taken to the pig, the pig penis hung from the underside of it's torso.
  There was a distinctive smell to the animal, which did not serve to sexually
  arouse her.  
Jenny concentrated on the job at hand, her mouth went to work, licking at
  the small pile of skin. It wasn't long before the pigs shaft began swelling
  in size and activity. The pig's organ grew rapidly and far larger than Jenny
  imagined it could. It rapidly grew to the size of a man's penis. It was red,
  and somehow raw to the touch and taste. Jenny settled into a steady rhythm,
  sucking the head and licking the shaft. After a time the pig began to buck
  slightly, and sure enough the animals orgasm followed. Jenny convinced herself
  that she would swallow quickly so as not to taste the seed of the beast. She
  was to be thwarted. The pig came a moderate portion into her mouth, and she
  swallowed as she had planned barely tasting the thick vile liquid. Then the
  animal came again, and again, and again. Was there to be no end to this torment?
  And she realised the pig had been chosen because it came so much for so long,
  that she could not help but be totally humiliated by the experience. She continued
  to imbibe the creatures spend, praying all the time that she would not retch
  up the contents of her animal filled stomach. The pig came quantities of spunk
  for over a minute. Jenny consumed it all. The sated animal was taken away.
  Jenny looked around the group. There faces were a mix of revulsion and glee.
  Without a word being spoken, Jenny could imagine their thoughts 'that she was
  a slut who would do anything' and Jenny's fear was that they might be right.  
She heard panting, she had almost forgotten the dog.  
Steve called to the crowd "from the front or behind"?  
Half of the group responded instantly "from the front of course"!  
Jenny hadn't understood the meaning at first, then it became apparent, the
  barmen laid her on the table face up. Her buttocks and legs were hanging over
  one end. Her arms were held by the barmen and her legs were attached to the
  base of the table legs and a small plinth was put between them. The Alsatian
  eagerly mounted the plinth and began sniffing her crotch and body. It lapped
  at her slit, the canine tongue burrowing it's way into her sex, lubricating
  as it went. Jenny felt her expression must be one of pure horror. The dog slinked
  up her beautiful frame, it's fur covering her crotch and belly. Suddenly she
  felt a hot, sticky, sharp prod front the canines rampant member. The dog bucked
  and prodded dozens of times, without successfully breaching her labia. Jenny
  began to fear the dogs growing inpatients. She was willing the animal to fuck
  her, but only for the act to be over. There was no desire on her part to be
  fucked by a dog? Was there? Dam! She actually wanted to know what it would
  be like to be fucked by this dog. This was her only chance ever to experience
  the sickest things imaginable without any comebacks. So she relaxed and let
  it happen.  
The dog found its mark and the dogs dick cleaved into her. There was no subtlety.
  This was an animalistic assault. The plunge into her was shocking enough, but
  the outward stroke was pure agony, she screamed and gasped for air from the
  shock. It felt like the dog was attached to her insides. Her face said all
  that she could not vocalise through the pain.  
Steve called to her and the group at the same time "The dogs dick is now
  fully engaged, The barb of the animals dick will not let it withdraw until
  it has ejaculated. This prevents other animals in the pack from mating with
  its chosen female. Of course here, it guarantees Jenny, the most intensely
  painful fuck of her young life".  
The dog finally came. Jenny couldn't feel it, she had long since been lost
  at the point were the pain of the dogs dick had dulled to something near bearable.
  In-fact, it was amazing what she was beginning to find bearable. The barmen
  made the dog withdraw and a trickle of thin clear/white dog cum seeped from
  her cunt into the crack of her arse. There were faint scratches on her torso
  and her belly and her breasts were covered in dog slobber.  
Enid spoke, breaking the silence" S. Clean that up at once". And all were
  treated to the spectacle of slave S licking sucking the dog cum from Jenny's
  assaulted cunt. She was to traumatised to resist, so again she let it happen.
  S liked her clean, from her crotch to her breasts, grinding her body against
  Jenny as she went. She finished by drawing her face level with Jenny's and
  kissing her on the lips. This rapidly developed into a full French tonguing,
  complete with newly acquired dog breath. Jenny could take no more, and she
  began to sob, in abject misery.  
S stopped and the group applauded. There was an air of anticipation and Jenny
  knew that her ordeal was not over  
Karl stepped forward.  
"Jenny" He said "Your master, Steve, has offered me the chance to instruct
  you about your next choice. You are offered the decision between total degradation
  and total pain, for our amusement, of course".  
Jenny was still too traumatised to fully comprehend. Karl knew this and continued
  his explanation. If you choose total degradation; you will be subjected to
  the most vile and depraved forms of abuse imaginable, not least of which; a
  forced enema. The contents of which you will be made to eat, and should you
  vomit during the humiliation, you will be made to eat the enema materials and
  any vomit that you produce. If you choose total pain, you will be subjected
  to horrendous agonies that we have ready for you, till the pain causes you
  to loose consciousness. In the event of either choice your misery will provide
  exquisite entertainment for your master and the assembled guests. There was
  silence as all waited for Jenny's impossible answer. She couldn't envisage
  consuming vomit and shite, it was too horrible to contemplate. The pain however,
  She felt she could bear more easily than the degradation.  
"pain" She answered, quietly, through her sobs.  
"Pain she wants and pain she will get" Karl reverberated in a loud tone.  
Jenny already feared what she was letting herself in for.  
"Your agony will await you tomorrow morning". Karl informed her.  
"Now you will truly know what it is to be a slave. To truly suffer for another's
  pleasure. I am very proud of you". Steve said to her. And on some strange level,
  that really mattered to Jenny. Steve being proud of her somehow made this whole
  nightmare, bearable. It made her want the next stage. She actually wanted to
  know if she could take more. She knew that tomorrow she would be screaming
  in agony. Sexually tormented and humiliated for the amusement of her master
  and his cronies, and this aroused her.  
Jenny was taken to a locked room and allowed to rest unmolested for the rest
  of the day. And so she lost herself in masturbation and anticipation of things
  to come.  
Jenny awoke to the sound of her room lock opening. When the door opened;
  Steve was standing there, wearing a pair of leather trousers and nothing else.
  He looked magnificent. His body appeared oiled, and his hair unkempt but stylish.
  He was alone.  
"Jenny" he said in a very serious tone "today is the last day that you will
  spend as a neophyte slave. After today's tortures you will be an experienced
  slave. Today will be very difficult for you. During the course of the day you
  will regret choosing the path of a true slave. You will beg for mercy; but
  none will come. You will suffer pain beyond your worst imaginings and you will
  survive".  
"I have never been so proud and so impressed as I am of you. And no one I
  have encountered has ever progressed to such an advanced level as quickly as
  you have". Steve continued.  
"If you are not ready to continue or you just want to stop. I offer you that
  choice right now". Steve offered.  
There was a long silence, Jenny had thought the day to come was inevitable,
  she didn't expect to be given another choice. It occurred to her that she had
  the option, here and now to spare her self any further pain and humiliation.
  Despite her arousal at the thought of the sexual torments to come, she did
  harbour much trepidation and fear as to her ability to with stand the ordeal.  
"May I ask a question, Master" she posed most respectfully.  
"Yes" Steve answered,  
"If I request not to go through with today, what will happen then"?  
"As per our agreement, we will terminate the relation ship, and you will
  be free to return home". Steve reminded her.  
"I don't want that, master. I want to stay with you, do anything to me master,
  but don't make me go away from you" she pleaded, with true passion in her voice.  
"Anything"? Steve quizzed her.  
"Yes, Master" !?!? She responded, half questioning his challenge.  
"I have promised not to permanently harm you, if you are choosing to have anything  happen
  to you, I will accept that anything will include some permanent modification
  to you that will mark you as mine. I will keep it discrete and concealable
  from your every day life. Do you wish this"?  
Jenny thought long and hard before responding "Could I know what it is you
  will do to me before I answer"?  
Steve responded "I offer one better than that, If you agreed to proceed and
  to be marked permanently by me, I will let you choose between the two options
  I have in mind.  
She wanted to proceed and Steve gave her the choices. At the end of this
  week Jenny would be adorned with a clit ring bearing Steve's seal. They walked
  out of Jenny's cell together and headed toward the pool area.  
Jenny was treated to an enema, showered, and her body oiled with the now
  familiar salve, and other herbal oils. Padded leather wrist and ankle cuffs
  once again adorned her extremities and Yolanda and Caroline, fixed her hair
  in a very becoming pony tail. She was treated to make-up that would not run
  even in a strenuous gymnasium session. Jenny looked and felt terrific. She
  was the main attraction and she knew it. Even slave S appeared to be a little
  jealous of Jenny. Thought it all, there was a tension and Jenny trembled ever
  so slightly at the thought of what was to come.  
"Let the torture begin"! Steve announced to all assembled.  
Jenny's heart fluttered briefly in panic. Of course it was too late, she
  was now committed to her fate.  
Steve walked to Jenny and reached out to her breasts. He pinched her nipples,
  hard. Then he twisted them past 180 o  till she cried
  out in pain and her knees began to buckle. As Steve released his grip, she
  saw the look of lust and satisfaction on his face. This was clearly nothing
  more than a taster of what was coming.  
Steve motioned with his hand. A wooden frame was brought from behind the
  main building. It was about four feet tall, and was angled back about 30 o  from
  vertical. Jenny was attached to the frame, her ankles a meter apart.    Her
  arms were fixed at her sides, but away from her body. She formed a beautiful
  human Christmas tree. And as the frame angled her backward slightly; every
  part of her body was accessible and her breast were presented perfectly, jutting
  forward. There was a small padded head rest which prevented her head falling
  back to far. This meant her face and any expressions of pain would always be
  visible to her audience.  
When Jenny was secured Steve fell silent. He motioned to the 'barmen' and
  a trolley was brought over. Jenny's eyes widen with horror. The trolley contained;
  several candles, a cat of nine tails, a riding crop, a violet wand, several
  types of nipple clamps and chains. There was a selection of weights ranging
  from a few grams up to half a kilogram. Jenny however was transfixed by the
  second shelf of the trolley. Laid out on that shelf were 20 map pins, 10 clothes
  pegs, and 10 hypodermic needles ends. But next to these, Jenny's eyes fixed
  on a bunch of green leaves which she instantly recognised as stinging nettles.
  Her horror and disbelief however was drawn to the jar next to them. It contained
  three of the biggest and most angry looking wasps she had ever seen. They were
  much darker than the European variety that she knew, and their sting tails
  looked positively armoured, like they could go through anything. She had the
  foresight not to say anything, but was wide eyed and very visibly shaking her
  head in disbelief and a total negative.  
Steve smiled. There was a murmur of approval from the guests.  
Steve moved toward Jenny, her eyes were filling with tears; she opened her
  mouth to protest. Steve filled it with a ball gag, that had been in is hand
  all along. Jenny lost all hope as her last possible protest was silenced. The
  look in her eyes turned from fear to resigned dread.  
The first assault came from the violet wand. Her torso and tits were repeatedly
  traced with purple arcs of energy. Her body tensed and trembled as each bank
  of muscles were charged in turn. In a matter of minutes her body was dancing
  hypnotically on her frame of woe. Perspiration was forming all over her body.  
When Steve considered her suitably 'warmed up', He affixed a clamp to the
  flesh under each breast. They were connected by a chain. Jenny braced her self
  and parted with no more than a moan from behind her gag. But this became far
  more vocal as Steve placed a 200 gram weight to the chain. The soft flesh on
  the underside of her tits was bitten harshly by the clamps. The pain was excruciating,
  and she squealed and began to sob from behind her gag. Next Steve applied a
  clothes peg to each areola of her breasts, taking great care to leave the nipples
  themselves free of obstruction.  
Jenny's eyes were now screwed tightly shut as she fought to handle the pain.  
So, she did not see the first of the map pins pushed into the top of her
  right breast. Her eyes shot open and there was a muffled wail from her gagged
  mouth. The pin into the top side of her other breast hurt even more, as she
  tensed, anticipating the pain.  
Her suffering deepened as two hypodermic needles were used to form a cross
  through each exposed nipple. A tiny trickle of blood leaked from each nipple
  and her body trembled in agony. She remained un-assaulted for the next few
  minutes and slowly began to grow accustomed to the pain. Jenny did not realise
  it yet, but the next torture would only commenced when her trembling stopped.
  She had been timed and Steve and Karl were most impressed with the short length
  of time before her trembling subsided, indicating she had come to 'manage'
  the pain.  
Steve continued with a lit candle and dripped molten wax across her chest
  and down onto her belly. Although Jenny squirmed with each new fall of hot
  wax, she was obviously copping with little difficulty. Steve continued till
  there was a generous coating of wax on her upper torso. The cooled wax was
  now protecting her from new falls of hot wax, and she had ceased to squirm
  at all. With this Steve stopped and exchanged his candle for the ridding crop.
  Now Jenny understood.  
Steve struck her belly, once with the crop, flat and hard; a section of cooled
  wax fell to the ground. Jenny braced herself for the next strike. It came to
  her breasts, dislodging more wax and lighting new fire in her pierced and weighted
  breasts. Jenny felt as though her breasts were on fire. She had long since
  lost count of the strikes on her breasts and torso, but was aware that they
  were a uniform red glow. Finally, the barrage stopped, as a voice from the
  guest table confirmed she was now free of wax. Until now she had not noticed
  that she was streaming with tears, and sobbing uncontrollably. The pain had
  not ended. Steve reached forth and removed the needles and pins from her breast.
  This stung. Then he removed the pegs from each nipple; The return of blood
  to the clamped sections of flesh was nothing less than liquid fire, Jenny cried
  a guttural animalistic growl through her teeth clenched over the ball gag and
  her knees buckled hard, her head tossing from side to side in tortured agony.
  Then the torment was repeated as the weighted chain was also removed.  
She was left to hang in her bonds while the guests enjoyed drinks and snacks.  
Jenny felt as though her breasts were totally mutilated, and as if to read
  her mind Steve brought a mirror, after only five minutes to rest, her breasts
  looked like they had hardly been touched.  
"There, you see, you can easily take much more that that" Steve informed
  her, and Jenny's heart sank still further. That had been the most painful experience
  she had ever known, how could there possibly be more?  
The table was being cleared and Jenny realised her torment would soon resume.
  She tried to brace herself and for the first time, found herself praying to
  survive her ordeal.  
Yolanda approached Jenny with a cloth in her hand, it was a wipe with antiseptic,
  her breasts were cleaned, but the medication did not sting, her tiny pin wounds
  were adequately healed.  
"The second act" Karl announced.  
Steve had taken a seat with the guests; He had given Jenny to Karl.  
Jenny's gaze fixed on Steve in accusation of his betrayal. So she did not
  see Karl approach and clamp his hand to her crotch. Her surprise was the cause
  of much amusement from Steve and the guests.  
One of Karl's fingers slowly and deliberately pushed between the lips of
  Jenny's cunt. She was sopping wet, much to her embarrassment, but she felt
  that Karl would have pushed on regardless. He worked her to something approaching
  pleasure. She had almost forgotten her surroundings. Then his fingernails dug
  into her clit, wrenching her back to her 'torture garden'.  
Her legs were fixed so that she could not close them to fend off Karl's attentions.  
Karl used the riding crop and spanked the inside of her thigh, first one
  side then the other, he spanked her hips. He took great pleasure in watching
  each expression of pain on her face as his crop landed on its next target.
  He continued to strike a specific area until her struggling and cries subsided.
  Then he knew she was becoming accustomed to the pain, so he would move on to
  another region. He continued to assault her thighs hips and belly till he was
  satisfied with his outer work. Now he pinched her labia, distending and stretching
  them apart before turning his attention to her crotch. Directing strikes straight
  on to her pussy. This gave him the most pleasure. He could see her painful
  arousal from these strikes and he loved the shame and degradation it brought
  to Jenny. His gaze never wavered from her face. He didn't want to miss an instant
  of her anguish. He nodded to Yolanda, and she removed the ball gag. Jenny stretched
  her jaw and reacquainted her self with what little freedom this afforded her.
  Then the nightmare began. Karl's Germanic tones began to echo in her ears.  
"You love this. Don't you"? He asked, Jenny was suddenly horrified, HE wanted
  an answer. He was going to make her ask for the degradations he was heaping
  upon her. Her heart sank and she dutifully answered;  
"Yes Master, I want it".  
"What is it that you want"? He challenged her.  
"I want to please you, master" She replied, hoping that was all she need
  offer.  
"How, do you want to please me and how much are you offering and asking to
  take, in order to please me, your master Steve and all of the guests here"?
  Karl asked.  
Jenny looked to Steve for help; none came, as he was as interested in her
  answer as everyone else. Jenny was alone. Her continued fate was in her hands
  and the silent pause was becoming uncomfortably long.  
Jenny raised her eyes to the sky, too fearful to look in Kurt's direction.
  And composed herself.  
"I want to suffer for you and my master" She answered clearly, almost completely
  devoid of emotion.  
"Do you not want to suffer for our guests, as well"? Kurt quizzed her.  
"No" She replied. "I want to please my master, and the one whom he has given
  permission to use me. Nothing else matters".  
Kurt was speechless, Steve was immensely proud, and he beamed an incredible
  smile to prove it.  
It was Kurt's turn to look toward Steve for inspiration. Steve merely motioned
  that Kurt could continue .Then he returned to looking smug.  
Jenny was magnificently composed, almost regale. Kurt was determined to regain
  the upper hand. He picked up a map pin from the trolley and closed till his
  and Jenny's feet met. His left had reached out and he laid his palm flat on
  the middle of Jenny's chest. His right hand rose slowly and deliberately and
  he punctured the outer mons of her vagina just right of centre. There was a
  deep gulp of pain, but she did not cry out, so none of the crowd heard it.
  Kurt reached for and inserted another pin to the left of her open cleft. Again
  a muffled sound came, but no wail of pain. Her eyes were glazed but not tearful.
  He just wasn't getting the reaction he wanted. He took a third pin and jabbed
  it hard into her crotch, stabbing into the soft flesh of her labia and driving
  almost to the pelvic bone. She yelped an "ouch"! Steve rose immediately. Kurt,
  need I remind you than none of us have the right to damage another's slave
  beyond the ability to serve.  
Steve now stood at Kurt's side.  
"Perhaps it would be better if we do this together" as if to plicate Kurt's
  rage and embarrassment; "Forgive me, I cannot tear myself away and feel I must
  participate" . Steve offered, and Kurt reluctantly nodded.  
Jenny allowed herself to smile. As she said nothing else mattered now. She
  was a slave, Steve's slave and she gave herself freely. Her mind was no longer
  in turmoil. All she wanted now was to please Steve, and she was curious if
  just pain alone could bring on a orgasm.  
While she was wondering, Steve and Kurt took half of the singing nettles
  each and ran them up the inside of her legs, avoiding her crotch but tracing
  up her torso and around her tits. Jenny took an intake of breath that seemed
  to last as long as the pain. Fire rose up the front of her body and she thrashed
  all she could, still stifling her own cries. The first cry did not come till
  Steve and Kurt used the nettles as crops to whip her breasts, each new strike,
  raising red stripes quickly followed by tine white lumps. Her cries were loud
  and satisfying. Every new nettle strike elicited a new shout or scream from
  her. After ten strokes, they ceased. Jenny was sobbing and gyrating in her
  bonds, her face contorted in pain. The only thought in Steve's mind was that
  he wanted to fucker into oblivion right now. She was without doubt the sexiest
  creature he had ever known. Right now, pained, marked and sweating he had never
  seen a more beautiful woman.  
"Jenny, what do you want now"? Steve offered.  
"Make me cum master&hellip;Pleeeeeease" She begged. "Make me cum with the
  nettles and the wasps".  
She raised her head and looked into Steve's eyes. There was no more to be
  said.  
Steve fixed a penis gag into her mouth and whispered in her ear. "This is
  to stop you from biting your tongue; should the pain get too much for you".
  Jenny just nodded slightly then rested her head back.  
Kurt and Steve each took a wasp by the body so they could direct its tail.
  They had stinging nettles in their other hand. They took turns alternately
  striking her crotch with the nettles in upper cut strokes. Her cunt was becoming
  inflamed and she thrashed her body as never before. Her juices ran down her
  legs, her hips were bucking forward, almost looking for the nettles. Sweat
  rolled down her body and her breath was quickening. Steve could sense her orgasm
  of pain building, he nodded to Kurt and they both threw down there nettles.
  Kurt went about removing the map pins and Steve began to rub her pained clit
  furiously. She came quickly and powerfully. Kurt used his had to part her outer
  lips from above then both he and Steve inserted the tail of their wasp into
  her inner labia&hellip;&hellip; It was then that Jenny knew if she could come
  from pain alone.  







The Choice Continues

Chapter 2

Her heart fluttered as she took her first tentative step toward the limitless horrors she had agreed to endure in that cold dark building.

Steve &#8211; late 30&#8217;s Close cropped Hair No2. Blonde, 5&#8217;10.
Jenny- mid 20&#8217;s, Brunette Shoulder length wavy hair. Soft features with that occasional startled rabbit look. Deep brown eyes. 5&#8217;4 .
Master &#8211; Late 30&#8217;s Dark Brown hair, 5&#8217;5, Handsome, Overweight.


From Chapter 1

Jenny was a sales order clerk. She had spent the last four months of her life with a man called Steve, A man she now willingly called master. She had not understood her own submissive nature; but he had. He had been one of her company&#8217;s largest customers, and during a customer party, he had approached her with a most intriguing offer. And with some persuasion she had accepted that offer. 
 Now, four months later, she was naked, on a beach recovering from several days of heavy bondage and sadomasochistic tortures. Her pussy in particular, still ached from being assaulted. Her experience had been far more advanced than she had ever thought herself capable of withstanding But Steve knew her better than she knew herself. He knew she would choose what had happened to her and both he and she were extremely proud of how she had performed, and Ironically Steve had kept her; ultimately safe throughout her ordeals. The only question that remained, was &#8216;what next&#8217;?
Jenny thrilled at the possibility of new adventures. She didn&#8217;t know what they would entail or how arduous they might be. She feared the pain, humiliation and degradation terribly. In fact she hated the acts that were inflicted on her while they were happening, but they also excited her and the anticipation of them thrilled her beyond words. She trusted Steve completely and no matter how bad her tortures got, she knew she would always recover without permanent injury. To date she had not carried a mark lasting more than three days to a week, and she had been very proud of those marks that she had &#8216;earned&#8217;.
Her appetites for pain and orgasm were impressive and she was rapidly reaching a point were she feared what she might do or agree to do for the next sensation. In fact, if she were honest with herself, she was addicted to her slavery, although it was not 24/7. She craved, being left with no choice but to obey. But she always chose to make herself obey without question. She loved the twisted knot in her stomach when she was about to perform the inhumanly degrading tasks asked of her. She remembered sucking the odd tasting cocks of animals, hating herself for it, and she felt the tinges of wetness forming in her cunt as she thought about it. Her thoughts drifted to the bondage she had endured while Steve and his &#8216;friends&#8217; had casually inflicted agonies upon her. She was very proud that she had always stifled her screams for as long as possible before succumbing to screams of tortured agony and ecstasy. As she thought to herself she could not think of anything she could or had not done for her master&#8217;s pleasure. Things no ordinary woman would consider doing. All too soon it would be time to return home, back to work, and her fortnightly meetings with Steve. 
Jenny smiled to herself as the warm glow of the afternoon sun caressed her naked body. She looked insufferably smug with herself. Steve looked on with pride. He was in deep thought planning what would come next for his Jenny.

You haven&#8217;t said or asked anything all day Steve mused.

Mmmmm. Jenny acknowledged with a faint bow of her head. Her eyes still closed.

Maybe I should tell you where you are? He whispered.

Jenny&#8217;s eyes blinked open and her brow furrowed in curiosity.

I&#8217;m here with you, nothing else matters She stated confidently as if reminding him of the obvious. 

True Steve confirmed, But did you know we were still in the UK? 

Jenny looked disbelieving, but interested.

We are not on the equator he said , This isn&#8217;t a tropical island. Well; it is an island. We are on Jersey. 

Jenny responded but why? More curious than annoyed,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
How much more intense was your experience, when you thought you were on a tropical island thousands of miles from anyone?

She pondered this, thoughtfully.

Besides, I&#8217;m not quite as rich as you think neither me nor Kurt; own islands.
That kind of thing doesn&#8217;t really happen. But it&#8217;s a nice fantasy. Steve explained.

Was I the only one who didn&#8217;t know? Jenny asked, sounding almost hurt.
 
Yes Steve said very proudly. Everyone maintained that illusion just for you.

Jenny was suddenly overwhelmed; she couldn&#8217;t believe that Steve had gone to all this trouble just for her. 

I&#8217;d do anything for you She cooed. As long as I&#8217;m with you I don&#8217;t fear anything, I trust you completely. And gushing and sweet as it sounded she meant every word of it. 

Steve just pursed his lips and continued;

Kurt, my associates and I have rented this area, in what can only be described as a very adult holiday park. It&#8217;s not the only area, either. There are numerous areas, with different themes. And all still in the good old Uk. The weather is so good here because we are on the same latitude as Caen.

Jenny knew then that she had been led to believe she was on an island with no hope of escape or chance to change her mind in order to intensify her experience; And she didn&#8217;t regret it one bit, because it had done just that. She wondered just how many other ways her experiences could be intensified, and she shuddered in fear and excitement at the thought.&nbsp; Later that week, Yolanda had installed the clit ring Steve had promised; it was stamped with a silver hallmark and a small crest; Steve&#8217;s family crest. The ring was small and nestled next to her clitoris through the hood of skin covering it. It healed surprisingly quickly and she loved it. It became a constant source of arousal for her.&nbsp; 
***

It had been eight months since Jenny&#8217;s visit to the resort and a year since she and Steve had gotten together. Her relationship with Steve had continued every two weeks, sometimes every week. She still loved giving over control to Steve, and verbally chose to do so every time they met. He insisted on that little ritual. She revelled in the anticipation, the pain, humiliation and subjugations that Steve concocted for her. He was very creative.&nbsp; Steve was also very aware that her pain tolerance and appetites were growing steadily. None of her trails and experiences over the last year had come close to equalling the magnitude or intensity of her visit to the resort. When they talked, Jenny often directed the topics towards Steve pushing her boundaries further. Steve remained opposed to his. He knew that more demanding trials might break his cardinal rule of not damaging his slave beyond use. Steve knew what was in Jenny&#8217;s mind. He could tell that she was trapped between her fear of, and addiction to; the pain and degradation. The need that he had first seen and nurtured in her over a year ago had grown to make Jenny a full fledged masochist and submissive.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She needed a new thrill, a new frontier to conquer, Slowly but surely, Steve began to plan toward that goal. Steve considered all manner of arduous trials for Jenny, though none of them were appropriate for a session of only a few hours. No it would have to last much longer than that, and she would have to suffer protracted agonies and tortures to make her regret asking for such challenges. Jenny could take anything as long as Steve was with her. So Steve had to sever that safety net. Besides, Steve was far too attached to Jenny now, to inflict the tortures needed to push Jenny&#8217;s limits further. So he concluded that an outside force would be required. And the venue would have to be suitably credible and imposing. This would have to be a masterpiece. Steve&#8217;s plan was coming together in his mind. Jenny&#8217;s limits lay in exploiting her fear. So, He began to search for a venue, a private castle or factory with a suitable dungeon area, and no questions asked. He also probed the BDSM scene for a master or mistress who would torture to order (and to his exact requirements). And last but not least. Steve needed a scenario that would require Jenny&#8217;s utter obedience and subjugation to an unknown master or mistress and Jenny must choose to put herself in that position. Steve has always known that when the excesses of the pain and tortures overwhelm her, her hatred and frustration must be directed at her self for choosing the path, not at Steve for putting her on it. &#8216;Choice&#8217; still remained the most potent form of domination over Jenny. Steve was determined to make this the most difficult yet obvious choice for her to make.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was two months after their one-year anniversary. Jenny arrived at Steve&#8217;s marina apartment as she had done many times before. She was clothed in her trench coat, high heels, a little waterproof make up and nothing else. She knocked on the door and waited patiently for Steve to answer. When the door opened she was submissive, head bowed, arms behind her back. Instantly Jenny felt there was something wrong. Steve&#8217;s feet were shuffling on the spot, not his usual confident and commanding stance. He didn&#8217;t offer the traditional challenge &#8211; asking Jenny to choose to undergo that evening&#8217;s trials and challenges. He just told her to &#8216;come in&#8217; like any normal visitor. She did so and for the first time since the night they met, she looked Steve in the eye without permission. But Steve didn&#8217;t instantly punish his beautiful little sub. This further unsettled her.

What&#8217;s wrong? I&#8217;ve never seen you like this. She asked 

Hmmmm..?, Oh, Something&#8217;s happened He said with an almost apologetic and distracted tone.

What is it? Jenny was really concerned now. She had never seen Steve without his impenetrable air of confidence.

And so he began to explain to her.

You know that I see other people in the SM scene, we meet up, talk, swap notes, things like that.

Jenny nodded slowly in response, they hadn&#8217;t actually discussed this before, but it didn&#8217;t surprise her; and Steve continued,

Last week I met up with another master. He wanted to show off his most recent slave that he had been training. 
The thought of Steve seeing another slave elicited a pang of jealousy from Jenny. Yet she was listening intently now, but no longer challenging Steve with her gaze. She had returned to the respectful submissiveness that suited her so well, as she continued to take in Steve&#8217;s words.

He was boastful, even arrogant, claiming there was nothing his slave could not or would not endure, he boasted of dangerous, damaging, even life threatening trials he had subjected her to Steve paused for breath.

He even wagered his slave could withstand any pain without sound, until she passed out. I swear that&#8217; s impossible, you and I know there comes a point when one must cry out. But he made the boast anyway. Steve paused again.

He challenged me to test this, he wagered that if I could force any sound from her lips or pleas for clemency; with any means at my disposal then he would make his facilities available for you and I to use whenever we saw fit. And they are very elaborate and extensive; it&#8217;s a really great castle with a full dungeon. He said almost trying to justify were the conversation was going. 
Jenny was no fool; she could tell he was rambling off point.

May I ask, what was your part of the wager, if you failed? Jenny asked with a sinking feeling in her stomach.

You Steve responded solemnly, looking straight into her eyes.

Part of Jenny knew that answer was coming but still looked shocked, and felt her self go cold and rigid with fear.

I wagered you would be his for a week Steve paused ominously, and Jenny began to realise this may yet be worse.

with no limits on what he could do with you. He concluded. And Jenny thought to her self &#8216;quite dispassionately&#8217; &#8211; yep &#8211; it was worse. 

No Limits! What does that mean exactly? She begged to know; her belly going cold at the thought.

It means he could do anything to you or with you except kill you Steve clarified in a chilling tone.

After a long pause Jenny postulated,

I guess she didn&#8217;t scream then She said in a resigned tone, but her body was beginning to tremble.

Steve answered, No, She was mute, it was a set up from the start.

If it&#8216;s a set-up; can&#8217;t you say no? Jenny asked.

Then Steve looked at her as though she just asked him to murder a puppy.

What? Jenny looked puzzled What&#8217; so bad about saying no? After all, I belong to you, not him. She was confused. 

Here&#8217;s the thing Steve began. I know, I&#8217;ve been conned, and I could say no. But there is a price. The entire SM community would shun me. I&#8217;d be ridiculed and my business interests would be attacked for withdrawing from a slave bargain; just as I would have helped to do if someone else had reneged on a similar deal with me. I&#8217;d effectively be finished. Steve explained. I was out manoeuvred, I lost; for what ever reason.

Jenny was stunned at the magnitude and scope of these implications.

With love in his voice Steve said.

Our relationship has always revolved around trust and choices. I can&#8217;t pretend that life wouldn&#8217;t be easier for me if you did do this. But I won&#8217;t make you do this. I am prepared to give up the life I have now to protect you, and go away with you. I could start again somewhere else; just you and me. He looked into her eyes. 

Jenny&#8217;s head was racing; she realised that she actually held Steve&#8217;s life and his future in her hands. She was overcome with pride, she had no idea Steve loved her this much. In fact she realised at that moment that Steve loved her as much as she loved him. She felt she could and would do anything for Steve; even this.

I&#8217;ll do it Master, I Choose you now and always, even if it means this She said with great pride and conviction and almost without thinking.
Their eyes met again. A serious look in his eyes made her resolve waver slightly. 

 You would really choose to do this? Are you absolutely sure? Steve challenged her,

This isn&#8217;t a game, I won&#8217;t be there to protect you He cautioned her.

Jenny thought, weighed the ramifications (as best she could), and she nodded slowly and deliberately.

He took her hands in his. 

Steve could not have looked more proud or serious than he did at that moment. They headed to the bedroom, disrobing each other as they went. A night of almost vanilla lovemaking ensued. Steve frequently held or contorted Jenny into restrictive and almost painful positions as he thrust deep into her. When he was spent, without prompt or command she dipped her fingers into her pussy lips and scooped out his seed, then obediently and demurely ate every trace of his semen with love and affection in her eyes. Then when Steve had recovered and she was at her most aroused she sucked him to erection and begged most emphatically for an orgasm from him. He wove his fingers into her hair and pulled back her head before biting down on her neck as his shaft cleaved effortlessly into her.

You may cum., My Jenny he growled into her ear.

And waves of energy burst from her clitoris and she came hard; shuddering in spasms. Steve thrusted relentlessly in and out of her; pushing down on her shoulders, increasing the angle and force of each penetration and grinding his curved shaft into her clit and g-spot. He tortured her for over a minute with her own sustained violent, bucking orgasm of blinding intensity. Jenny could only hold on for dear life as she pulsed and gasped to Steve&#8217;s wishes; not for a moment leaving the orgasm behind. As Steve came a second time; She too was hit by another orgasm never truly having left the throws of the first. As the euphoria subsided they ground their bodies together and both drifted into a contented sleep, still coupled and entwined. 

With morning came cold realisation. Steve&#8217;s trademark confidence was reinstated. He cooked breakfast for her, Rather than her cooking for him as they often did and he began a checklist of chilling advice intended to keep Jenny safe during her coming ordeal.

Be submissive. Don&#8217;t look him directly in the eye if you can avoid it. Do what ever he says instantly and without question. Don&#8217;t give him any excuse to abuse you more and above all &#8216;be brave&#8217;. You can take anything he has to throw at you. I know you can. Besides you keep wondering about having your limits tested further, well ready or not it looks like your going to get your wish. I&#8217;m just so sorry it has to be like this. And don&#8217;t forget this will end. I will come for you. And I am very proud of you.

As all this began to sink in Jenny asked meekly

When.?

Today at noon., I&#8217;ll make your excuses at work on Monday, I&#8217;ll arrange a fake doctor&#8217;s note for up to 1 month Steve informed her.

A month? But you said a week! Jenny blurted out.

Recovery time Steve trailed off, and an ominous chill ran down Jenny&#8217;s spine. Her legs went a little weak and her resolve visibly wavered. She felt sick to her stomach. Steve grasped her upper arm in a strong supporting hand.

Are you all right, can you still go through with this? He asked softly.
She glanced at him, and instantly her resolve bolstered.

Yes she said confidently and she began imagining all the tortures and orgasms that might befall her in the coming week. But Jenny saw them at Steve s hands or with Steve close by, willing her on. Jenny to her usual disgrace; felt her self getting wet at these thoughts. However, this time; he would not be there, and that troubled her greatly. Even so the dampness remained and this fact troubled her too. 

They readied themselves. Jenny absentmindedly got her stuff together; Ok it was a raincoat and high heels. Steve didn&#8217;t think she&#8217;d need anything else. She reapplied her make up and they headed for the parking garage via the lift.

Jenny&#8217;s mind began to race as they descended the lift in silence. Just what was this monster going to do to her? She felt like a silly bitch for agreeing to this. What if her limits were tested further than she could stand? How would she cope? Would she cope at all? It wouldn&#8217;t be Steve using and abusing her; it will be some sadistic stranger, who didn&#8217;t love her. He was undoubtedly going to make her suffer. Jenny had never been more terrified or excited as her mind played one macabre scenario after another. 

She was largely silent as they both drove north for about 4 hours into the Northern English countryside.

As Steve had eluded the day before, their destination was indeed a castle. It was dismal and dank. One of those castles that had been rained on a lot and the stone now looked almost black and slimy. The castle was shrouded in tall dark foreboding fir trees. As castles go; it wasn&#8217;t huge, nor was it sign posted, it was definitely off the tourist trail. The long gravel drive way crossed a stone bridge. And everywhere there were walls of tall fir-trees. Road signs indicated &#8216;private road&#8217;, &#8216;no through road&#8217; and would clearly discourage any casual visitors. The castle itself had a traditional old drawbridge and portcullis. The moat that it crossed was long since dry. Its steep sides now covered with lush grass, thick mosses and thistle plants. The thistles were almost as much deterrent as the water would have been.

As Steve and Jenny pulled up outside, there was no one to greet them. Without a word Steve exited the car and walked around to open the passenger door for Jenny. Her heart fluttered as she took her first tentative step toward the limitless horrors she had agreed to endure in that dark building.
As they walked toward the drawbridge, which looked as though it had not been raised for many years, Jenny noticed that the portcullis was in use. As they neared it, the portcullis began to rise with an ominous creaking. Behind it in the dark of the gatehouse Jenny could make out the faint silhouette of a figure. 

That&#8217;s far enough Steve. She can come the rest of the way by herself. I will take that voluntary walk as consent to her subjugation under me for one week with no limits or mercy save death. You can collect her, one week from today at noon. I guarantee she will be able to walk to you, but I guarantee nothing else. Do we understand one another? The figure&#8217;s voice echoed from the gatehouse.

We Do Steve called back to the figure with an angry tone. 

Remember be brave He whispered in Jenny&#8217;s ear. 

She looked at him with fear in her eyes. For the first time she was certain that Steve would not be coming with her. She would be truly alone. She would not be suffering for Steve&#8217;s amusement and pleasure. But she would suffer for his love and her love of him. He might never know what she was going to endure. However she would endure it for Steve anyway; but someone else would enjoy her suffering and only someone else. Suddenly her belief system and her whole reason for doing this was starting to crumble. She was going to be left in the clutches of a total stranger for whom she had no feelings what so ever and she would be subject to whatever he wished to inflict upon her. Panic began to set in and she started backing up to the car. Sensing her obvious &#8216;reluctance&#8217; Steve turned to look at her. Her expression was one of pure panic and fear, Like a startled rabbit caught in head lights. She began to shake her head as subtly as she could; begging Steve with every fibber of her being not to make her go through with this. Yet she was obediently remaining silent; so as not to embarrass him. 

It&#8217;s too late he silently mouthed and she froze, no longer backing away because she had been commanded to stop by his words and expression. Tears began to form in her eyes and the sting made her squeeze them tight shut. But when they opened again; the nightmare remained. She didn&#8217;t want this anymore. There was no excitement here, no sexual energy, and no loving endorsement of her subjugation. Only a very real torturer; A professional calculating, sadist, with no love, no mercy and possibly no restraint. Jenny was paralysed with fear. It was like her life was over, she couldn&#8217;t even think. She just waited to be told what to do.

Eventually her reason returned, and she knew. She hated herself, because this had been her choice. It was already made; it was all too late now to have second thoughts.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Problem, Steve? The unfamiliar almost mocking voice boomed from the gatehouse shadows. Jenny jumped in fear and realised Steve was still looking at her. He had an imploring look, like everything was up to her now. He half turned toward the gatehouse, still keeping Jenny in sight.
She&#8217;s coming. We&#8217;re just saying good bye he lied, then motioned with his eyes for her to proceed. Jenny&#8217;s mouth opened slightly. Not to speak, just that unconscious recognition that help was not coming. That all was lost; and she knew it. Without another word, Steve looked right past her and then got into the car. As he pulled slowly away, tears flowed freely down her face. 

She had no other choice no;, nowhere else to go, and like an automaton Jenny started her slow walk across the drawbridge. As she stepped into the darkness of the gatehouse, the portcullis symbolically closed behind her, cutting her off from Steve. To further compound her feelings of fear she heard Steve&#8217;s car accelerating slowly and deliberately away down the gravel drive until the sound was gone. A shaft of light appeared as a person sized door was opened in a much larger heavy oak door. The figure stepped through into the lit courtyard beyond and beckoned her to follow. As the light from the inner courtyard illuminated her new &#8216;owner&#8217; she saw a rotund man not much taller than herself. He had greying hair and a faint stubble. He was handsome enough and unremarkably dressed. He did however have Steve&#8217;s air of confidence about him. But he certainly didn&#8217;t have Steve&#8217;s physique; and yet she could tell he was used to getting what he wanted. Jenny remembered her instructions and followed him slowly into the courtyard of the castle and he closed the door behind her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The courtyard was surrounded on all four sides by buildings, which were also part of the castle walls. The four corners were stone access stairways to the turrets adorning the castle. The centre of the courtyard was a stone well. Half way across the courtyard the figure finally spoke to her.

So you are the sub who has occupied so much of Steve&#8217;s time during this last year He said with no discernable regional accent. Also, he made no comment on her obvious signs of distress.

Jenny just nodded her confirmation as she walked with her head bowed.

and you have been commanded to pay his debt to me in agony for one week He casually added, A cruel smile on his lips as he said it. 

Jenny&#8217;s heart and stride both skipped a beat and she stumbled momentarily;
much, to masters amusement. She so wanted to speak. She would never have answered Steve under these circumstances and she knew better than to break her silence now. They entered the largest building. It was in the far wall of the courtyard and looked like a small castle itself. This room was an entrance hall that might have belonged to any English country house. It extended to the left and right, and had a grand staircase reaching up to the next level and splitting to form two equal routes up to the next floor. Almost unnoticed was a door to the left of the staircase, which lead to an assumed basement level. There were the customary suits of armour, tapestries and ancient weapons adorning the walls.

Before we proceed; remove your jacket. Master commanded.

Jenny wanted to refuse, but knew that she dared not. She had no idea if master knew she was naked beneath it. She obeyed anyway as she knew she must; She took it off and closed her eyes in shame. Then she bundled up the coat and held it out in offer to her master. Without a word it was taken from her and discarded to a nearby table.

He didn&#8217;t even look at her, he simply said;
 
This way slave. I have many things in store for you He threatened ominously.

He approached the cellar door, opened it with an old heavy key and they descended the dimly lit stone staircase together. She noticed that Master also locked the door behind them. the staircase spiralled down into a circular stone chamber with six doors in the wall. Each door had Roman numerals above it.

Now it is time for us to get to know each other better. You will take off your shoes and present your self for inspection. He commanded.

Jenny looked puzzled, but began removing her shoes anyway. She wanted to ask what inspection was but had not been given leave to speak. So she improvised and stood to attention. The floor was cold ad uncomfortable on her soft naked feet.

Legs apart, hands behind your head, fingers interlocked and don&#8217;t dare move from that position unless I tell you to. He barked at her, with a disappointed and disgusted tone.
Jenny complied instantly. Master first inspected her firm breasts. He caressed, cupped and then sharply slapped each globe up and then across. He continued slapping her tits from all directions, carefully avoiding her nipples until they began to redden. Her face began to wince and contort with each new impact. It was obvious that she had never before experienced this kind of sustained and casual abuse.

Don&#8217;t you dare cry out, or start crying again. I don&#8217;t want to hear any sound from you Master ordered, as he continued his assault with dispassionate, methodical strikes. But not ones she could not withstand. However it was taking considerable effort to remain still as he had commanded.

Jenny focused hard and stifled her impending whimpers of discomfort. Then master mercifully stopped his assault on her breasts and squared up to Jenny.

Let&#8217;s see how obedient you are? I want you to remain silent while you absorb and enjoy the pain I have for you. Do you understand? And master waited for her response.

Jenny&#8217;s fear grew. She thought about it; realised she had no choice and eventually nodded her submission to masters ultimatum. Master closed his hand around Jenny&#8217;s throat and pushed her backward until she was against the stone wall.&nbsp; There was already a flutter of panic in her chest. He took hold of her left nipple and squeezed as hard as any vice she could imagine. The pain was immense. She wanted to wince, scream and pull away. Instead she mustered all her resolve and bit her lip and held on as long as she could. Her efforts were valiant, her face was contorted in agony, and beads of perspiration began forming on her brow. Her knees were ready to buckle and she was trembling from head to toe. Master maintained the pressure as he began twisting her tortured nipple clockwise then anticlockwise. When master was certain she could take no more he mercifully stopped twisting and just as she was sure he was going to relax his grip he yanked her nipple sharply downward. It was excruciating, her resolve failed and she screamed as she feared her flesh would be ripped.

Aghhhhhhhhhhhh!

Master allowed himself a cynical smile.

Now that&#8217;s how to get a sound from a slave he scolded, obviously poking fun at Steve&#8217;s inability to make masters slave cry out during the bet that had led her here.

Jenny was breathing heavily, trying to regain some composure. 
Master looked on dispassionately.
 
What are your pain limits? He asked sharply.

Jenny was stunned. She had no idea how to answer such a question She didn&#8217;t even know if the answer could be put into words, Or if it should be.

I don&#8217;t know She said in a surprised yet contemplative voice; and a second later master delivered a sharp slap to her face.

Owww She screamed, totally surprised by the slap.

MASTER! He reminded her sternly.

I don&#8217;t know Master. I&#8217;m sorry Master. Please forgive me Master She quickly corrected herself through startled sobs.&nbsp; 

You will always call me Master or Sir. You will only speak when spoken to and in answer to a direct question. IF I have to remind you of this again I will be very displeased with you. He said coldly, and Jenny believed him.

Stand in the middle of the room, and resume the presentation pose He commanded. 

She did so, trembling ever so slightly.

So you don&#8217;t know your pain limits he mused out loud, almost chuckling. You and I will enjoy finding them. Well. I will anyway. And I will find them, All of them.... He began to walk in slow circles around her as he spoke.&nbsp; Jenny found this very disconcerting.
Did you love Steve? Master asked, casually.
Jenny was momentarily confused by the use of the past tense. Master reached under her crotch and ran his finger along the slit of her pussy. He held his finger there and asked again.
Did you? Did you love Steve?
I.. Yes Master &#8211; I do love Steve Jenny answered in a wavering voice.
Agh.. Master intoned softly. I can feel your love for him every time his name is mentioned he informed her with a mocking tone in his voice.

Jenny visibly blushed. After all she had done over the last year; this? made her blush. She was somehow ashamed that this man knew she loved her true Master. Her feelings were in turmoil. But she was getting wet, and she knew it. It must be because Steve was mentioned, obviously not because of the actions of this master. Was it?

The mere mention of his name makes your juices flow He observed while still keeping his finger in the length of her increasingly wet slit.
You were not wet for me, or the pain I have in-store for you. He said trailing off thoughtfully. But he could also feel little pulses of panic and fear at each mention of himself and pain.&nbsp; 

Jenny could feel her body betraying her, opening up to this vile man, who offered nothing but pain and hopelessness.
NO. it was Steve she was thinking of. It was thoughts of Steve that made her wet. Yet this bastard was profiting from her arousal, not Steve. She felt so guilty, so ashamed. She hated herself for what she felt as her betrayal of Steve, for showing arousal to another, without Steve deriving any pleasure from it too. And most of all she cursed herself for wishing the thought of Steve didn&#8217;t make her wet for this Masters touch. The shame was overwhelming her. Her face was scarlet red and she visibly trembled; with anger or fear, even she wasn&#8217;t sure anymore. She began moving slowly, imperceptibly; seeking out just a little more pressure on her dripping wet vulva. Without even realising it she began to buck and writhe. Grinding down on his hand, trying to salvage any pleasure she could from this horrible situation. Master calmly withdrew his hand. Her eyes flashed open. Her shame engulfed her once more and a tear swelled at the corner of her right eye. She didn&#8217;t know what to say so she wisely said nothing. All that could be heard was her breathing returning slowly to normal. Master just smiled, his eyes drinking in her fear and shame. 

It&#8217;s time for you to suffer for me he intoned. The gravity of his words stabbed deep into Jenny&#8217;s heart and her blood ran cold. 
He leaned close to her left ear I want you to resist crying for as long as possible he paused for effect. Do you understand, slave?
Jenny didn&#8217;t look at him, but slowly nodded her head. Wishing she were anywhere but there.
Master walked out of her vision, she could hear him moving things behind her. The end of a ridding crop brushed down her arse cheek. 

She flinched; he smiled. He worked it into the crack of her arse and traced a path down to the very tops of her legs, working it between her legs and motioning for her to spread her legs further.

She managed an embarrassing shuffle and parted her legs a little more.

The first blow landed; the rush of air gave her a moments notice before it stung her skin. Pain exploded from the top of her right buttock. And she flinched away from the sharp sting, a second passed and then the next strike landed at the top of her opposite cheek. This time it carried on; only the leather loop snapping across her flesh. It hurt even more and stung for longer. A few more alternating swishes of the crop and the pace began to increase as he found his range and continually whipped the leather end of the crop over the tops of her arse cheeks, always below the waistline. The pain and intensity were rising steadily. Her flesh reddening and her hips began to sway and buckle; looking for some ease from the onslaught. She couldn&#8217;t stop the tears forming in her eyes. They streamed down her cheeks and she buckled, without warning (even to herself) swinging her arse away from the crop, a purely instinctive response to the pain she could no longer handle. Her hands faltered from her head and she froze in fear.

A gentle hand steadied her. There was no reproach, verbal or other wise and master led her, still crying through a door way. He let her lean on a padded piece of furniture; the padding nestled just under her breasts and was relatively comfortable. The padding extended to her left and right. He gently motioned for her to lower her hands and also let them rest on the padding. Her back was to the door she had come through and masters almost gentle caressing of her back and shoulders distracted her. She didn&#8217;t feel the manacle close around her wrist until it had already clicked shut. Then masters grip intensified on her left wrist and pushed her arm into the second manacle. She was effectively crucified and leaning on the frame. Master enjoyed the look of despair on her face. He kicked her naked foot with his instep causing it to be pushed into position and another clamp fixed her leg in place. She wanted to, but didn&#8217;t resist as the last manacle fixed her other leg in position. She slumped on the padding of the whipping bench. She could only pull away a few inches, and that was all the movement she could manage.. 

She felt him step back. And then the whipping continued and she began to scream, floods of tears and sobs proclaiming her despair to no one in particular. No longer able to move away when it got too much for her, the pain began to drive her beyond her limits.&nbsp; Mercifully, if that is the word for it, the strokes began to wander up and down her body, no longer concentrated on the same sensitised region of her buttocks. She writhed horribly, but there was no escape. Her eyes nose and mouth all ran freely and she began to feel her strength leaving her. Her legs were trembling. Her screams were no longer audible, having long since passed beyond that point and then nothing. 

She opened her eyes. She had no idea how long it had been. The beating had stopped. Her back hurt so much it felt as though the skin had been ripped from her. Every movement was agony. She didn&#8217;t know if she had been unconscious or if the whipping had only just ceased. But her face was still wet and she noticed she was still sobbing. Her bottom was indescribably painful, it felt like it was on fire. 

Master stepped into view, looking very pleased with his work. He appraised Jenny for a few minutes then reached forward and took hold of her left nipple. She winced and made to cry again, he fed it into a device below the arms of the whipping bench.&nbsp; She could not see it, but he fixed her nipple there, not painfully; unless she moved too much.&nbsp; But now immobilised he also put the other nipple in a similar device. Then he wiped her nose and face, kissed her, chuckled to himself and left, turning out the light as he went.
 
The next few hours or minutes were torture for her. She could find no comfort, no ease. If her legs didn&#8217;t hurt her back did, if her back wasn&#8217;t in pain her nipples were, if not those then her arms, and so it went. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
When Master returned, she was a shivering mess, sweating, trying to manage subtle movements to minimise her pain. She was literally wishing she had never been born. 

As the light went on, she cast her eyes about looking for any sign that this would end. Master&#8217;s voice broke the silence How are you doing, slave?

She smacked her lips trying to take away the dryness, then she realised it was a rhetorical question as he kept talking.

Would you like me to let you sleep? Or are you ready for some more?
Are you ready to entertain me again?
Do you want me to leave you here like this all night to sleep, or shall we move onto another entertainment? He Clarified.

Jenny stared at the featureless, white washed wall ahead of her, afraid to give any answer. She wanted to sleep, but she couldn&#8217;t take any more of this. Also she knew it could not be that easy. She gathered all of her strength, remembered all of the advice that Steve had given her and gave the only answer that she could in a shaky defeated voice;
 
 Whatever you wish for me sir . As her head bowed even lower, wanting desperately to cry.
***

For another hour she remained on the padded whipping bench, while master rubbed some kind of cream into her back and tortured buttocks. It was uncomfortable as she was so sensitive, but it did eventually begin to make her feel better. She could tell from the motion of his hands and lack of resistance from her back that it wasn&#8217;t infact ripped to pieces as she feared it might have been. Then finally he released her nipples. The rush of blood back to her sensitive buds was agony. But it was agony she knew, agony she could handle. Even an agony she could welcome, under these circumstances. She stood, at the bench, more able to relax her shoulders and better able to absorb the feeling of pins and needles in her nipples. She even pushed herself against the bench to help massage some life back into her recently freed nipples. 
When she opened her eyes again; Master was looking at her; watching her expressions. 
It looked to me like you enjoyed that He smirked at her. And a familiar wave of shame washed over her; mostly because he might have been right. And why shouldn&#8217;t she? She thought. She was a submissive, this is what she did. Then she remembered, this is what she did with Steve, but this wasn&#8217;t Steve. 
Master began releasing her from the rest of the restraints. She was unsteady on her feet, and kept moving to encourage the blood flow to return as she was lead slowly back to the room with the mattress. A tray awaited her with a reasonable lunch. A sandwich, fruit, drinks and salted crisps. She was left in peace to enjoy it. She was very thirsty and drank the water and fizzy drink provided. It was only then that she remembered it had been almost a day since she had last gone to the toilet. Her thirst now quenched and her hunger sated she slept. When she awoke, Jenny didn&#8217;t know how long it had been. But she was painfully ware that she now needed to go to the lavatory quite desperately. Obviously this was what the bucket was for. The idea seemed repugnant. She had read about such things but didn&#8217;t think people actually did them. She contemplated holding it. That was silly she couldn&#8217;t hold for a week, and sooner or later she would need to do more than pee. And if she was going to do it, she would have to do so before she found herself bound to another contraption. And so she approached the bucket and squatted over it. But before she was even fully in position, the door opened and Master was standing there watching her. She stood immediately, flushed with embarrassment. Master said nothing. He just motioned subtly to the bucket raising his eyebrows.&nbsp; She gulped; she knew he would wait as long as it took for her to capitulate. Slowly she returned to her squat over the bucket. She wanted it to be over as quickly as possible. But as sure as she had been desperate to go only a second ago, now only a meagre stream emerged and it hurt her, like her own body was burning her with shame from within. The sound of her urine hitting the bucket echoed in the small stone room. It was almost deafening. She wanted the ground to swallow her up. When she eventually finished, she began to rise and was started by Masters voice nothing else? He asked mockingly. She shook her head in response. He threw her a cloth wipe yourself he commanded. She did so, burning with shame as she complied. Then he closed the door and left her. The room remained mostly dark. Only the dim light form under the door and somewhere on the ceiling gave any illumination. She tried to sleep, but was too worried to do so, that or her mind just wouldn&#8217;t shut off. Eventually the darkness took her and she awoke with a start to the sound of the door bolt being opened. 
Master stood in the light of the doorway. He motioned to the bucket and smiled. Jenny shook her head indicating that she didn&#8217;t need to use it. Master smiled. 

Now follow me. He told her.

He led her into the third of the rooms marked with roman numerals. It was oblong and deep, possibly once an old wine cellar. There were bondage frames on the walls and some storage cupboards. The end of the room furthest from the door had an X frame and some kind of padding on the wall. The centre of the St Andrews cross had a padded dome that stretched from the bottom of Jenny&#8217;s shoulder blades to the tops of Jenny&#8217;s knees, and it appeared that it could be moved up or down the wall. In its current position, it would cause her pelvis to be pushed forward obscenely if she where attached to the cross.&nbsp; And her buttocks would be pushed outward if she were attached facing the wall. She looked nervously to Master for direction or instruction.&nbsp; He enjoyed her expressions for a few moments then took hold of her left wrist and locked it to the top right manacle. So she would be facing outward. Next he attached her feet. The curve of the padding made her stance uncomfortable and difficult to attach her right wrist to the top left manacle. But all she could think of was how vulnerable her pussy was, pushed forward and accessible. Her breast similarly on show and vulnerable, but the slight recline of her torso making them look partially relaxed and quite beautiful. Her anxiety and anticipation began to rise now. Master was opening cupboards and retrieving items and putting them on a trolley. She remembered the trolley from the island and the first flutters of panic began to grip her. She could feel the knot in her stomach and her legs beginning to shake. That urge to run was there again. But of course there was nowhere to go. No escape. The trolley was filled now and Master was pushing it toward her. Her heart sank when she saw what was on it. Despite her restraints she was physically trying to escape her bonds. She began to wine and whimper, but made no attempt to speak. But here eyes must have pleaded. Because Master looked very satisfied with the look in her eyes. 

***
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She hadn&#8217;t realised that she was shaking her head ever so slightly, willing the contents of the trolley not to be there. But sure enough, the trolley was filled with rows of needles and pins, of various types and sizes. It had weights, clips and clamps of all descriptions. She had always feared her skin being broken in anyway. When Steve had done anything like this with her; it had always been controlled and the very last thing they had built upto. But here, this was how things were going to start. She could taste her own fear now. She remembered all of the times she had talked to Steve about going further with the things they had done. She remembered boasting how she could do more. How she could take more. Now she wished she had said nothing at all. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny looked toward Master and silently mouthed the word &#8216;please&#8217; then again and again &#8216;please no&#8217;. After she had said it several times she unconsciously added the sounds, muffled at first, but gathering to the level of child like whimpering. Master had noticed of course. He reached for the trolley with one hand and touched the fingers of his other hand to her lips; silencing her. Ice cold fear cutting off her protests. Then his free hand pushed a ball gag into her mouth and he began man handling her to buckle the strap around her head. She began sobbing at once, consumed by the hopelessness of her situation.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master went and came back with a stool, currently it was a tall stool, but looked as thought it could be raised and lowered. He sat on it and he was level with Jenny&#8217;s breasts. Her head could move, but she didn&#8217;t know if she wanted to see what was happening or not. She chose to look away. So when Master began putting on latex gloves and picked up the first clinical syringe needle, she didn&#8217;t see it until he held it in front of her face. She squirmed and recoiled for all she was worth.&nbsp; But it did no good. Master used the needle to point at her body and he enjoyed watching her retreat in fear of it with what little movement she had available to her. He taunted and threatened her this way for several minutes until her limited movement eventually dwindled as she grasped the true futility of her resistance. She hung in her bonds, and he found a new torment. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One prick of the needles end to the side of her right breast caused her to scream and flinch. He had not even broken the skin, but the shock value was astounding. Then he moved to her torso and another half hearted thrust worried her flesh, and another and another. On and on he teased her with these mock half punctures, each as terrifyingly painful as the first. But non of them sinking into her flesh as she fear they would. She was almost mad with fear when the torment changed again. He touched the needle point to her left nipple and stopped there; she was paralysed with fear and waited for the inevitable. But instead he dragged the point across her flesh, around her aureole, across her chest and around her right breast. All the time she was holding her breath, fearing he would slice lines into her breasts. She had never considered that these sessions might disfigure her. She held as motionless as she could. Because of the ball gag she could say or protest absolutely nothing, and was not even sure she would if she could have.&nbsp; He continued tracing patterns and swirls over her taught naked torso. She had begun to drool, her muscles were cramping, she hadn&#8217;t realised how much concentration and effort she was devoting to just being as still as possible. Then Master finally stopped and discarded the needle in a small yellow plastic box on the bottom shelf of the trolley.&nbsp; She looked at him, without looking him in the eye, as all slaves have learned to do. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You know the needles will be in your flesh soon enough don&#8217;t you? He goaded her.
She nodded Mmmf Mmster she tried to answer from behind her gag. He new what she meant and smiled.&nbsp; Tears were in her eyes.
Master began pinching the flesh of her breasts; testing it, examining it. When he was sure he had a sufficient portion of her tit flesh he held it tightly between his thumb and finger, stretching it from her body, exposing a taught portion of her naked breast. Then he picked up another needle; A syringe point like the first one. She began to whimper and squirm in her bonds, but to no avail. Master held the point to her stretched flesh. He paused for her to &#8216;fully&#8217; appreciate the situation. To let the fear sink all the way in to her, and then; very slowly and deliberately the needle also pushed its way into her flesh. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny screamed from behind her gag. It was the long throaty desperate scream of a caged animal. It tailed off into sobs of anguish.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The needle had not gone all the way through her breast, but as master let go she could feel the sharp end moving inside her breast as gravity allowed it to hang naturally on her chest again. This of course elicited new whimpers of pain and panic form her. But they quickly passed. The needle now protruding from the upper left of her tortured mammary reminded her exactly where the stinging sensation was located. It&#8217;s movement due to her heavy ragged breathing made it sway as her chest rose and fell with each breath. Master waited for her breathing to calm and then her panic resumed as he took hold of her nipple and pulled; distending her breast from her chest. Another needle came into view, this time coming vertically down in to the top of her flesh. She began to scream before it went in, and her gagged scream abruptly cut off as the needle pierced her flesh, as though the scream had somehow passed beyond the range of human hearing. Again her breast was released and she was allowed to calm before he resumed. In all six needles assaulted her breasts, three in each. None of them actually in the nipple, nor did any go all the way through. But she had almost cried her eyes dry. She was utterly broken and would have promised anything for the ordeal to end. It was torture she thought to herself over and over again. She fantasised about torture, even tortures like these. But the reality was so very different. Maybe her perverted life could have accommodated something like this if Steve were doing it, &#8216;If&#8217; she were pleasing him with these sufferings. &#8216;If&#8217; she knew Steve was enjoying her submitting to things like this. Then she could find some way to endure. But here there was nothing. No sexual component, no meeting of the minds as she had with Steve, No sense of safety at all; nothing but a cold, sadistic torturer. Steve might never know what she was experiencing and suffering here. And then it all came back to her. Why she was there&#8217; who she was there for. And Jenny remembered that she had chosen to come here for Steve. It didn&#8217;t matter if he knew or not. It did matter that she was here for him. She was serving Steve right then and there. And she had chosen to do it. She just had to be strong.&nbsp; Her resolve grew and her tears stopped. She would be brave. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master looked at her, he was enjoying her suffering, but he quickly recognised the look in her eyes. It was the look of defiance of strength. He smiled, he would let her enjoy it for a few moments longer, but it wouldn&#8217;t last. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master eventually, took hold of her face, squeezing her cheeks, and forcing her mouth open. She resisted at first, but quickly understood the futility of that resistance. Master checked the hard rubber ball in her mouth. It still fitted snugly into place. It was kind of a gum shield. It stretched her mouth and protected her teeth while depressing her tongue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master then took hold of her first breast and yanked out the first of the needles. It hurt. It stung and the second one hurt more because she was anticipating it. Then the third needle, and then the other breast. In less than twenty seconds all of the needles were out of her and in the small yellow plastic box. The small holes were not bleeding to her surprise. And she was transfixed looking at them though her tear stained eyes.. So much so that she had not seen Master pour a liquid into his cupped hand and distribute it between both of his hands before he grabbed and massaged the surgical alcohol into her breasts. She instantly went rigid and then began thrashing as much as she could in her bonds. Her gargled screams were punctuated by sobs and sharp intakes of breath. In moments all vestiges of resolve had left her once more and she was hanging sweating and broken in her bonds, head bowed low on her chest. Then it all went away as darkness mercifully took her.

***
Jenny awoke in her cell, there was a selection of cold food, drinks and two buckets. One obviously for her toilet and the other with cloths and a small towel draped over the side for washing, there was also a small bar of soap.&nbsp; She reasoned that she must have been carried back here. The ball gag was no longer in her mouth and she would probably have bitten her tongue if it hadn&#8217;t been there. She couldn&#8217;t remember returning under her own power, and her arms still ached from being bound. Her legs were stiff too, but her back had loosened up somewhat. Her breast no longer hurt but she was conscious of were the needles had been. In the low light of her cell, she ate and drank and then resolved to clean herself. She had realised that she smelt of stale sweat, and she desperately wanted to feel cleaner. Of course she was not disturbed until she felt the need to use the lavatory. She positioned her toilet bucket in a corner of the room so she could use the walls for stability. Almost instantly her door was opened and Master stood there watching her from the main room. Her eyes looked at him begging for some privacy, but she knew she wouldn&#8217;t get any. She paused wondering to herself if she could &#8216;hold on&#8217;. But deep down she knew that would not be possible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Come on slave, I haven&#8217;t got all day, I know you are going to pee yourself or foul yourself, so get on with it. I&#8217;d rather you do it here than on one of my beautiful pieces of furniture he told her.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Her heart sank at the cold way he described her most private functions. Her shame was overpowering but after nearly 5 minutes of trying, she was finally able to pee and pass her motions; Master watching her all the time. Burning with shame; she looked around anywhere but at him. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The towel and the washing water Master informed her. She obeyed and cleaned herself with those. The smell of herself in the bucket made her feel sick. Master instructed her to cover her defecations with her washing water. He removed the offending bucket. Leaving the wash bucket,; which was now apparently her next toilet bucket. But she would not have water to cover anything she left until he allowed her another wash bucket of water. She made a mental note of this. She also reflected on the fact that the wash buckets were also a previous day&#8217;s toilet. It made her feel no cleaner to realise that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master left her alone for another hour or maybe two; she had no idea if it was day or night in her underground cell.&nbsp; When he came for her, he lead her this time to room V. Inside there was a pommel horse like piece of furniture, there was a black saddle of sorts with a raised protuberance at the front and a slope that would ensure one&#8217;s weight was always forward. She was made to mount the saddle with his help and quickly found that her feet did not reach the ground. Master handed her a pair of sweatbands for her wrists. She looked at them and eventually put them on. Master smiled and drew her wrists behind her back. She felt him fumble around and then the telltale click of handcuff clasps locked around first one wrist then the other. With no support, Jenny now found herself pitched forward slightly, her mons pressing against the raised section in front of her. Moments later a soft silk ribbon was passed figure of eight style around her elbows and drew them together behind her back. Then she felt her panic rise, a noose was lowered from a rig in ceiling. She must have looked very concerned.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Slave I want you to wear this rope around your neck, tell me how much you want to have my rope holding your throat in place while I torment your naked body he commanded her, for she knew it wasn&#8217;t a choice at all, he just wanted to hear the words. She knew what the noose was for, it would stop her slipping off the saddle to either the left or right, it would ensure she stayed in place short of throttling herself.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Yes sir. She spoke softly, her voice a little croaky. I think I should wear the rope for you as you wish sir. She chose her words carefully; she was acquiescing to him, but not as much as her required of her.&nbsp; Even her own strength in being able to say the words surprised her. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Good was all he responded. Jenny wasn&#8217;t sure if she had just won or lost that particular point.&nbsp; Master placed a silk scarf on her neck before placing the noose over it.&nbsp; Then Master looked around the room. It was a simple dome shaped room with tiles on the walls. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
I hope you like it hot slave he said before leaving. He closed the door, which seamed far better fitting than any other door she had seen here. As it locked into place it was almost airtight. Then she felt warm air. It got hotter, and hotter. She looked around again, the whole room was beginning to resemble the inside of a pizza oven. It was uncomfortably hot now, and she was sweating.&nbsp; A sheen of sweat covered her body. It was getting difficult to breath. The sweat was beading at her hairline and running down her body. Then the symbian she was sitting on thrummed into life. It pulsed fast between her legs and alternated with low powerful pulses to her clitoris and pubic bone. She began to squirm; at first trying to get further forward then realising she might be better further back. But always gravity would win, pushing her ever forward. The pulses were driving her wild, but not over the edge. The heat was making her excited and drowsy. The bands on her wrist and neck now collected sweat and heat and were driving her to distraction. Sweat ran down her cleavage and breast and she could feel every drip fall from her nipples onto her thighs and every trickle running down her belly to her crotch. Then as her fatigue caused her eyes to close, she fell, from nowhere to nowhere in particular, But the jerk of her involuntary muscle spasm snapped her instantly to wakefulness as the noose tugged on her slender neck. Her fear kept her alert for the next few minutes. But slowly the heat and the device took their toll on her and she faltered again. The symbian now rose in intensity, maybe it was the speed maybe it was just on for longer; she couldn&#8217;t tell. But it was getting close to pushing her over the edge and making her cum. She was sweating, gasping and constantly on the verge of cumming or in fear of strangling herself. She was in exquisite turmoil as Master watched from the computer pad he held.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Steve was right; she was exquisite, especially when sweating and put under distracting stress tortures. Master was impressed and turned the remote controls on the pad to increase the intensity of the symbian. With in a few minutes he watched satisfied as Jenny slid screaming over the edge of a powerful orgasm. Gasping for breath, and screaming for mercy as the waves of vibration just kept coming past the point of enjoyment and on into the pain of a sustained forced orgasm being ripped from her womb. Tears were streaming down her face, but the sweat obscured them. Only her expression told the story of her torment. She may have cum again, maybe even twice more, she didn&#8217;t know herself. But her crotch had gone numb. Everything was too sensitive. She wouldn&#8217;t cum again. Now it just hurt. Eventually the symbian slowed to a low setting. She had time to acclimate to her discomfort. The heat was oppressive, her breathing was very laboured now, It was like being in a Turkish bath, but with may additional distractions. Her fatigue again threatened to cause her to loose consciousness and perhaps balance. She knew this was a fight she couldn&#8217;t win for much longer. Her strength was all but gone. She began to whimper and shout for help, she even tried to scream, but even in her confined room it sounded weak and quiet. She was visibly distressed and panicking. Master was ok with this; he was enjoying every minute of it. He enjoyed another two minutes of Jenny&#8217;s suffering and eventually lowered the heat and turned off the symbian before opening the door. She looked even more beautiful than she did on the monitor. Master clicked his fingers for her attention, treated her to some evil smelling salts, and began wiping the sweat down her body to the floor. He enjoyed every hand motion, every touch. He loved the way her skin glistened. The cooler air from the main room was beginning to revive her now, and he engaged a concealed extraction fan to help clear the hot humid air from the room. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master helped Jenny from the saddle, having to lift her bodily to the floor. She stood leaning against the symbian and shaking, maybe from fear, exhaustion or even cold now the temperature had changed. But she looked beautifully broken; master thought to himself.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Again she was helped to her cell and left to recover. Drink was waiting for her, but no food this time. She sipped weakly at the drinks before collapsing on the mattress. She was aware of the door closing behind her as master left and the she let the low light consume her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she awoke, Jenny was still alone, but now very aware of her body odour. She had collapsed, still dripping in sweat. All of the sweat had now dried and caked her aching body and she smelled rank in the confines of her cell. In the gloom she could see only the toilet bucket, no washing bucket. She took some more of the drink as she was still very dehydrated. But both she and her mattress smelled very strongly of her stale sweat. It was while she contemplated these things that she first heard the other scream. It was a long scream, from one of the other rooms possibly. Not close, definitely not next door, possibly even up stairs, but defiantly a scream, a woman&#8217;s scream, much as she imagined her screams must sound like. Then silence. . Moments later another scream, piercing, high pitched and totally without any hope of mercy.&nbsp;&nbsp; After several repetitions there was a break, then a steady stream of grunts and yelps followed for a long time. Jenny knew from experience that a sustained whipping was being laid onto the poor girl. She could almost feel what the girl was experiencing as she winced with every jolt of sound. She could even hear the strikes landing occasionally. And as she expected, the sounds got steadily quieter, as the girl slowly lost her strength. Eventually Jenny could hear nothing more of the girl, but she knew the whipping probably hadn&#8217;t stopped. Only the poor girls failing strength had reduced her sounds so that Jenny could no longer hear them, but Jenny knew that she was still suffering. Jenny listened for a long time, but heard nothing more. It occurred to her that she was however, not alone. She lay on the bed roll again, but couldn&#8217;t sleep any more. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master opened the door, stripped to the waist; he was sweating, obviously having exerted himself greatly, probably on the other girl she had heard. Without a word, he approached her and grabbed her hair in his fist, pulling Jenny up to her feet. She knew better than to resist as he lead her from the room once more. This time he took her to the sixth of the rooms marked with the &#8216;VI&#8217;. She braced herself as she entered. The room was a office of some sort, with monitors on the walls. One of which clearly showed her cell, irrespective of lighting conditions. Master released her and began unbuttoning his trousers. Her dropped them and seated himself in the swivel chair. Sporting a stiff hard on, he looked at Jenny and commanded,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Kneel. 

Jenny hesitated only a moment, before obeying and kneeling between master&#8217;s legs. He was covered in sweat and had far more body hair than Jenny would have liked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Hands behind your back and leave them there, and don&#8217;t stop until you have drank every drop he added before relaxing back into his chair.
Jenny took her position, demurely held her wrist behind her own back and pushed her lips over the sweat-covered cock of master. The taste of the sweat was strong, and it was mixed with his pre cum. He had been aroused for some time it seemed. The tastes in her mouth and the smell assaulting her nose were almost overpowering. But obediently she began to suck, taking hard long deliberate strokes. She took him as deeply as she could, held and then withdrew to work on the helmet of his hard cock then she repeated, and tried to loose herself in the rhythm of her submission. She felt the hard shaft twitch in her mouth and she wanted to cry.&nbsp; She felt master&#8217;s hands once more on her hair as he entwined his fingers; controlling her and dictating her rhythm. She surrendered her will and dignity with it, and let him use her to pump his cock. All the time she kept her eyes closed, wishing this would end. Of course it did end, in the only way that it could. Master stiffened his body, telegraphing what was to come. His seed burst into her mouth in surprising quantity. She spluttered and his semen leaked out of the corners of her mouth and began dribbling down her chin.&nbsp;&nbsp; Jenny drank and gulped what she could. The taste was neither pleasant nor terrible. But the humiliation was extreme. She knew she needed to wipe her chin, but feared moving her hands, so she improvised, bobbing her head off and around masters deflating shaft, wiping what she could from her face that way before taking him one more into her mouth. She felt sick to her stomach, the back of her throat burned with the taste of semen and her cheeks burned with humiliation. She kept her eyes lowered. Master pushed her back, not roughly but enough to tell her that she was finished for the time being. She sat back on her heels, her face glistening with his cum and her own spittle. As she looked down she could see her own chest still heaving. Almost at the same time she saw masters finger scoop a small amount of his cum from her breast where it had fallen. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Head up, open your mouth he commanded 

She did so, and he wiped the small deposit of semen into the corner of her mouth. That small act consumed her with humiliation and she began to cry uncontrollably. Master said nothing, if anything he seemed pleased. He did not excuse her or give any more commands, he just watched her until she ran out of tears. Her face had dried now and was crusted in thin flaky white deposits. Only the vertical lines on her cheeks showed where her tears had washed her parts of her face clean. But Jenny could see masters monitor screens, and one of them did indeed show another girl. Beautiful but obviously marked on her back from a whipping. She was face down on a bedroll like hers, but the cell looked different.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master rose, and moved behind her, he must have been crouching as he fixed handcuffs around her wrists. She felt the familiar click, then pressure at her elbows. A silk scarf was being threaded in a figure of eight between them again. As it pulled tight she was felt the discomfort of her elbows being drawn together. Her breasts pushed forward, the pain in her arms grew intently. Mercifully master stopped constricting her arms. Then held her by her right upper arm and dragged her to her feet. It hurt. She squealed and struggled to get her feet under herself. Eventually stable, he led her from the monitor room.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Room IV had several contraptions including wire sprung mattresses on the wall and floor, connection points on the walls and ceiling, and an array of implements hanging from the walls. Also there was a large fish tank. She didn&#8217;t know what else to call it. Metal framed glass on 4 sides and open at the top, and easily big enough for a person to fit in. It was full of water. She looked toward master and instantly lowered her eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
You understand that I&#8217;m going to clean you up now he enquired, 

She just nodded, fearful of the water, and knowing that she was bound tightly, and unable to stop her self from sinking in the water. She hadn&#8217;t realised that she was already backing away from Master when he shouted at her,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Stand Still!

She froze, but couldn&#8217;t keep from trembling. Master closed the door to the room, emphasizing her lack of options. Then her took hold of her left arm above the elbow and also her left thigh, his hands easily getting a good grip on both. She could feel her legs weakening with fear as he lifted her from the ground, she screamed and began to struggle as her lifted her over the tank and lowered her in. The water was cold, and she was beginning to panic. 
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Please don&#8217;t let go she screamed.

Master smiled, he didn&#8217;t let go, he pushed her under the water and held her there for a slow count of five seconds before pulling her back up so that her head was above the surface once more. Jenny was terrified, and Master looked very pleased with her fear as she spluttered. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Have you ever suffered drowning tortures for your master? He calmly asked her. Jenny just lost it , 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
No you crazy bastard, let me out She screamed a torrent of abuse at him, only subsiding as the futility of her situation sank in.
The fear returned all too tangibly, she knew her life was literally in his hands, she couldn&#8217;t think. What was it Steve had said? He won&#8217;t kill you. That was it. No matter what he did, she wasn&#8217;t going to die. She just had to play along and it would be over soon; wouldn&#8217;t it?

***

As much as an hour later, she couldn&#8217;t tell for sure; Jenny had coughed and spluttered through uncounted dunks into the cold water. Her eyes and throat were stinging. She was no longer certain if this mad man would kill her or not. But her strength had long since left her, and the water obscured her tears of hopelessness. Master too was getting tired and she no longer seemed to be &#8216;entertaining&#8217; him. She saw him nodding to himself and he dragged her out of the water. He put her over his shoulder and carried her back to her cell. He laid her gently on her bed roll, but left her bound and dripping wet. Then he left closing the door. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; She was cold and shivering, wet matted hair stuck to her face and neck. Exposed parts of her dried and places like her arm pits and crotch remained wet for a lot longer. She was uncomfortable and thoroughly miserable and her arms and shoulders ached terribly. Eventually she fell into a fitful sleep.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she awoke, she was no longer bound and she was mostly dry, but both she and her bed roll were still damp in places. Her arms and elbows ached but were not badly marked; probably form the effects of the cold water. A tray of food was waiting for her with water and fruit juice. And both buckets were available for her with the addition of large fluffy towel. She stretched, she ate and drank. She washed and dried herself, there was even a comb, she ran it through her hair and wrapped herself in the towel like a security blanket. It smelled and felt good. Jenny reflected on the day or had it been days that she had endured, and the tears came again. She sobbed herself to sleep not even daring to contemplate what was yet to come.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 
***
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny awoke to the mist unusual sound; someone was knocking on her door. She looked at the door, the knock came again.

Come in. She offered hesitantly. 

The door opened revealing a beautiful 20 something girl with pale skin and blonde natural curly hair, with small pert breasts and a totally shaved pubic region. She was of course naked and Jenny could see steel bars in her nipples and some kind of rings in her labia. The only other thing she wore was a metal collar around her neck. It had what looked like four ring attachments spaced around it. She was in every sense a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her eyes met Jenny&#8217;s then she entered without a word, and picked up Jenny&#8217;s used bucket and placed the food tray on top. As she turned and crouched Jenny could see the welts and bruises on her back. They looked terrible, but the skin had not been broken. Jenny could see she was still in pain as certain movements caused her to wince.&nbsp; Jenny didn&#8217;t know what to say to her. But almost as quickly as she had arrived, she was gone again and the door closed behind her. Jenny got up and tried the door. It was locked again. But she hadn&#8217;t heard it lock. For the next few hours all she could think of was the other girl. Who she was? How long she had been here? And would Jenny have to suffer a whipping like the one she had seen on her? Jenny wondered if she might have been the mute Steve had mentioned. But surely not she had heard her screams. And then for no reason she could justify, Jenny began to thing of the girl in all of the positions she had found herself in over the past days, and the thoughts aroused her. So much so that when the door opened again, she was still furiously touching herself and was literally caught in the act. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She froze, unfortunately with her glistening fingers still pushing on her clit in the folds of her sex. She wanted to die. Master and the other girl were standing in the doorway. Master looked amused but the blonde girl looked impassive or maybe just a little sympathetic, which totally terrified Jenny. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a long second, Jenny snatched her fingers away and tried to hide them behind her back, as she struggled to a kneeling position with her head bowed. She couldn&#8217;t look at either of them. Jenny heard Master say to the girl, clean that up. She didn&#8217;t answer, but presently Jenny saw her naked legs come into view. She took Jenny&#8217;s hand, and placed Jenny&#8217;s wet fingers in her own mouth, and cleaned the juices off. Jenny was mortified. Then the girl lifted Jenny&#8217;s hand motioning for her to stand; which she reluctantly did. The blonde girl pushed her gently back to the wall then knelt before her and applied her tongue to cleaning Jenny crotch.&nbsp; Jenny wanted to die form shame. The licks were long slow and deliberate. Not sexual exactly but very efficient. To be caught is one thing but this was a level of humiliation she had never imagined, and feared she might have to do herself one day. All the while she was aware of masters amused smile; which only made it all worse.&nbsp; She finished and stood again. She was a few inches taller than Jenny. She said nothing but her eyes conveyed everything, Things like &#8216;don&#8217;t worry&#8217;, &#8216;it&#8217;ll be alright&#8217;, and &#8216;I&#8217;m sorry&#8217;. Then she stood at the wall beside Jenny, in the presentation pose, Hands behind her head, her naked legs a shoulder width apart and her eyes down toward the floor. Jenny noticed and followed suit. And they waited.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Master paused long enough to make Jenny feel uncomfortable before turning from the room and instructing them to follow him. The blonde girl led with her hands behind her back. Again Jenny followed her lead. They headed for the room with the water tank again. Jenny tried to steel herself, but on entering the room the tank was empty of water this time. Master stopped, turned and motioned to the blonde girl, pointing briefly to Jenny then the wall. The blonde girl turned to Jenny with a look of apology on her face. She gently too Jenny&#8217;s wrist and led her to the wall were a wire sprung mattress hung like a skeletal sculpture. She fixed Jenny&#8217;s wrist to manacles which spread her arms and her legs were similarly positioned leaving Jenny in an exposed X position. Then master fixed the blonde girl to a similar arrangement on the wall facing Jenny.&nbsp; Jenny could see a faint trace of fear in the girls eyes that had not been there before; and this worried her. Again Master went to the far end of the room and collected the trolley. It had different things on it this time, but she couldn&#8217;t see what. The only thing she could make out was a large black box. She gulped as the trolley began to roll closer. The needles were still there in their protective sterile packaging but there were also weights and clamps made out of metal, and wires, coloured wires. Then she realised; electricity. She could see metal dildos and plugs on the lower half of the trolley, and two of the gum shields she&#8217;d had forced into her mouth before. Her breathing quickened, but again there was nowhere to go. The blonde girl remained silent, but was visibly trying to control her breathing. She too was afraid. Master smiled and uncoiled a viciously thick black whip. No it was a power cables which he guided one end of into an outlet socket on the wall. The other end ran into the black box. Master looked very pleased as he connected two then four; and finally 10 pairs of red and black wires in to terminals at the bottom of the box. Both girls looked on, Jenny was horrified but the blonde girl appeared to have seen this before and had an expression of grim resignation on her face. Neither of them said a word. The first and second pair of wires ended in sharp looking crocodile clips. Master showed these to both of the girls, but more so to Jenny. Then he calmly pinched them open and applied them to the sprung assembly that the blonde had her back to. Then the same for Jenny&#8217;s wall mounted mattress assembly. A third pair were applied to the blonds left nipple, bay attaching the crocodile clips to the balls at the end of the small bars running through her nipples. The fourth pair was similarly attached to her right nipple bar. Jenny glanced down. She had no such jewellery. Master brought the next pair of wires to show her, but these clamps were smoother, not serrated like the ones used on the blond girl. He used one to pinch on to the soft sensitive flesh under her right breast and while she was still wincing and becoming accustomed to the discomfort the other closed painfully over her nipple; which was quite full and sensitive. She moaned and stifled a yelp. Master paused to enjoy her new torment, and when he was satisfied he treated her left breast to the same experience. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next pair of wires were attached to a metal phallus. Master just smiled at Jenny and rubbed it between the folds of her labia, then removed it to show her that she was already wet. As she closed her eyes in shame, He returned it to her crotch and slid in inside her with very little effort. Another set of clamps but with something between them were on the end of the next wires. These were fixed to her lips. It wasn&#8217;t till she saw the same thing happening to the blonde girl that she realised the last clips effectively held the phallus in. They were also linked to the box as well. She did not want this to begin, but she also wanted it over as soon as possible. It didn&#8217;t matter; nothing was within her control. She looked toward the blonde girl, she looked back but made no attempt to communicate. Then the first pulse came. It was low tingling, almost tickling. It thrummed through the mesh she was clasped to and ran shivers down her spine. Then it came again and again; each time a little more intense and a little hotter. Her back began to cramp and spasm with each pulse. Then the sensations came to her breasts. They burned and she yelped with each application of the current. Also her breast shock and contracted, tightening on her chest. It would have been quite attractive had it not been for the intense discomfort in her mammaries. Then she saw the effect of the setting she had been &#8216;built up to&#8217; as it was applied instantly to the poor blonde girl. She screamed, and tensed horribly. Her back was already hurting from the whipping that Jenny knew she had endured. This must have been like finger nails scratching over her wounds. The girl&#8217;s eyes were wide with fear and pain, and her screams were cut off by lack of air in her lungs, or they were just too loud to be heard any more. Jenny couldn&#8217;t tell anymore. Then the blonde girl began to jerk and tense obscenely as Jenny her self must have been doing. Master settled in to watch his puppets dance in pain and discomfort; their upper bodies dancing for him, with constant expressions of surprise and pain on their faces. The box must have had some random functionality, as the girls could not tell which circuit would pulse next.&nbsp; Then Master leaned over and turned a dial, the intensity grew again; eliciting new shrieks of pain from the bound girls. A few buttons later and their genitals joined the orgy of torture that assaulted them. Jenny&#8217;s eyes bulged wider and she was struggling for breath. The assault seemed to go on forever. She was perspiring heavily. Her tits felt like they were on fire and her back felt like it had been whipped as much as the blonde girls had. She dared not think what that poor girl must feel like at that moment. Her crotch was convulsing with the electricity and she was torn between a painful rising tide of excitement and pure agony. Then master smiled and did the unthinkable, he inched the dial a little further then got up and left the room, Both girls squealed their fear after him. They were terrified that they would be left like this, in absolute torment. Each stole a glance at the other, and they both confirmed their own worst fears. The other was not doing well and they must both have mirrored each others distress which made things even worse. 
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was only minutes later that Master returned, but those minutes were an eternity for Jenny and the blonde slave. When he returned, both were coated in a uniform sheen of perspiration. He reached for the control box, watching their reactions; savouring the fear in there eyes, before he finally lowered the intensity. He reduced the pulses and the strength of the shocks incrementally over the next few minutes, but he did not end the girls torment. Still their muscles twitched obscenely with each random pulse. This torment continued for another half an hour, with the occasional pulse at a higher level or a prolonged shock; when ever it suited master. Finally he could see both girls were trembling all the time now. Their energy and strength was leaving them. They would soon pass out and that would not do. The final switch of the control box was thrown and the torture ended. Both women slumped in their bonds when they that felt no more pain would come. But weak as they were both tested the bonds, longing to be away from these wire mattresses of pain. Jenny saw the blonde girl, her eyes were red raw from crying as she knew her own must also have been. Master stepped into her line of vision; she lowered her eyes reflexively and could see the bulge in his trousers. 

Aren&#8217;t you going to thank me? He asked sarcastically. 
 
Jenny managed to mumble weakly, 

Thank you, Sir&nbsp; 
 
What are you thanking me for slave? He chided her. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
For punishing me sir. She offered, instantly disgusted at her rapid capitulation to his taunts. 

Master raised one eyebrow, indicating she should elaborate
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
.for letting me experience the pain sir. Her voice was shaky, she didn&#8217;t know if she was saying enough to please him. 

 Did you like the experience? He challenged her. 

She knew it was a trick question, she opted for honesty;

No sir, it was agony.. . She trailed off into a whisper

So you don&#8217;t want any more? He quizzed

NO sir she found the energy to say with crystal clarity and almost a little venom. 

Master smiled 

Not even to amuse me.? He left the though hanging in the air. 

Jenny&#8217;s heart sank. There was no answer she could give to that, no way out.&nbsp; She was literally speechless. He moved closer. 

I require an answer from you slave. He snarled through gritted teeth, smiling as he said it. 

There was only one answer, and she would rather die than give it, but she had no choice and she knew it. Her legs weakened as she realised it and gathered spittle to form the words in her suddenly dry mouth. Crying the words out and utterly defeated she said;

If that is what you wish sir and her sobs of despair consumed her once more. 

She couldn&#8217;t see master smiling, but he let the blonde girl down and led her from the room without another word. He returned sometime later to find Jenny still sobbing. She had prayed that sleep would take her, but her fear wouldn&#8217;t let her drift away. She began trembling again as master approached. But as with the blonde girl he began removing the electrodes, letting the pain of the blood returning to her pinched flesh consume her thoughts. The relief was palpable, he would not shocker her again after all. She cried again, this time silently, and wondered how much more of this she could take. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Back in her cell, she washed and drank what was available then fell into a fitful disturbed sleep. Her dreams were full of pain and events that she had no control over. She couldn&#8217;t remember her dreams in detail, but everything was unbearable and unending. There was nowhere she could retreat to; not even her dreams. 

Jenny was woken by the blonde girl again. Master was nowhere to be seen. 

Who are you? What&#8217;s your name? Jenny chanced.

The blonde girl looked frightened that Jenny was talking, but moved closer and whispered,

My name used to be Kathy, please don&#8217;t talk any more. Its really bad if he finds us talking without permission. And she would say no more, other than to instruct Jenny to; Come with me.

Kathy walked Jenny into the round room and up the stairs. Walking ahead of Jenny, allowed Jenny to see the poor girls back, it was bruised heavily but not cut badly. It was healing but still looked very tender. 
Jenny realised that this was the first time Jenny had been upstairs since her arrival. Jenny even dared to wonder if her ordeal was over and she was going home. Master met her at the top of the stairs, and the gleeful look on his face was not the look of a man giving up his most recent toy. Not today anyway. Her heart sank a little. 

I trust you slept well? He asked Jenny, obviously not interested in her answer although she nodded a response.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Time for a little out door activity for you. He said, his words running into one another in a parody of a Scottish accent. He breezed past Jenny and Kathy and out into the court yard. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kathy touched her arm and motioned to follow him. In the courtyard Jenny suffered a sharp intake of breath. Unlike the day she had arrived, this time there were other things in the courtyard; Two dogs, a horse, a pig and a small unmarked van. 

I understand that you have suffered the indignities of copulating with animals, and that you rather enjoyed it. He directed at her, then his eyes glsanced on to the collection of animals before them. 

Jenny looked painfully embarrassed and once again wished the ground would swallow her.

Isn&#8217;t that right? He chided her Wouldn&#8217;t you like to experience, fuck and suck all of these animals for my entertainment?

She didn&#8217;t answer, she couldn&#8217;t answer. Again he moved closer.

I want you used by, and tortured by; these animals. Tell me that you are ready to do anything that I want He said leaving that horrible thought hanging in the air. Tell me, or I can take you straight back to the electric room.

Jenny flashed a frightened glance at him, then closed her eyes and slowly nodded, it was all she could do. There was nothing in her mind but despair. 

Master smiled, a wicked look on his face as he said to Kathy, 

To the stocks with her 

Kathy waked jenny to a pair of wooden stocks. The wood was old and smooth. They looked like they had been used many times. The wrist holes were almost black, but had no trace of any sharp edges. She was made to kneel. The wood was old and smoothed to the shape of her knees. It was hard but almost comfortable. She wondered how many other women, slaves or victims had been there before her. The upper part of the stocks closed over her head and wrists, and that feeling of panic caused her breathing and heart to surge as the click of some lock she could not see fixed her in place. She was at the mercy of this sadist and his animals. The idea seemed preposterous. How could she be in this position? Then her train of thought was broken by the feeling of Kathy&#8217;s hand on her ankle. She moved Jenny&#8217;s feet in to position a little farther apart than they were and fixed manacles around them. Then she felt a strain as her legs were pulled further apart. The chains or ropes on the manacles were pulled taught, restricting her already limited movement. But leaving her hind quarters totally exposed. Her hands had begun flexing into fists and out again. Kathy moved close and looked into her eyes apologetically, but no words were spoken. She brushed and teased Jenny&#8217;s hair with her finger tips until she could form a pony tail with it. Then she slipped a small noose of black rope around the tail and tightened it. Jenny could not see the clamp that coved the noose knot and her hair. But it made sure her hair would not slip free. Then Jenny felt the terrible pull of the rope, bringing her head back and up until she was facing forward. The back of her neck was hard against the wood of the stock. Her throat was pulled tight and the roots of her hair ached. The stress on her legs was also beginning to tell. Her legs were not at right angles to the ground. All of her joints were at an awkward angle of some sort. The strain was already causing her to fidget and she knew it would only get worse. She let out a small moan of frustration. This seemed to please master. 

Bring the shepherd He said to Kathy. 

And she dutifully walked to and unhitched the leash of the German Shepherd tethered to the spike in the lawn.&nbsp; She walked it to Jenny. The dog was excited and eager to sniff her. It sniffed and then licked her face. Jenny cringed.

Open your mouth Master commanded.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
Jenny paused for the briefest moment then screwed her eyes shut and obeyed, opening her mouth. The dog surged forward again sniffing her and licking her. This time the canine tongue found Jenny&#8217;s lips and dipped into her mouth. She foolishly tried to repel the intruder with her own tongue. This merely encouraged the animal and she began to splutter and spit. The dog lost interest and sniffed around the wooden stocks. She chanced a look and feared the animal might urinate on the contraption mistaking it for a tree. But that fear was toppled; by the cold nose of the dog and its inquisitive tongue nurseling her bare ribcage and arm pit. Her squeals as she was tickled only encouraged the dog and it licked and burrowed more furiously. She was breathless and apoplectic before Kathy finally pulled the dog from her with some considerable effort. Almost instantly her laughing stopped and all she could feel was the drying wetness and the smell of dog breath. It seemed so bizarre and embarrassing that she had been laughing at all. Abruptly she was aware of master standing near her head, bending down to her.

I&#8217;m going to let the dog fuck you. Would you like that?

Then without waiting for an answer he reached behind her and slid one finger between the folds of her labia. When he retrieved the finger and held it in view for her; it was wet. He just smiled and Jenny&#8217;s shame consumed her and she violently shook at the bonds of the stocks holding her in frustration and shame.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
Get him ready Master commanded Kathy. 

Kathy encouraged the dog to sit and then lay down. She stroked the animal, moving closer and closer to its crotch area. When the dog voluntarily opened its hind legs as if to bath itself her hand moved to the bulge where the dogs penis was housed. She began using practiced gentle movements. The dog occasionally licked the area for extra encouragement, but all to soon a pink and red mottled penis head began to emerge from the dog. The head tapered to a relative point but the shaft was the width of a man&#8217;s and smoothed not veined. And worst of all; it glistened like something alien. Jenny felt sick. The dog now desisted licking and left Kathy to excite it further, Before long Kathy had to bend her head forward and take the swelling dogs penis into her mouth to wet it further. Jenny was repulsed by the thought and felt sick to her stomach, as much for Kathy as for herself. The dog shaft appeared to be at full length now and it narrowed in diameter a little near the dog&#8217;s body. It had a definite cigar or sausage like shape and was as big as that of any man she had known. Kathy rose and handed the leash to master. He took it and disappeared behind Jenny. She heard the encouragement and felt the first scrambling&#8217;s on her back and bottom. The dog slid off several times scratching her thighs causing her to yelp and cry out. Eventually the dog found his perch and coiled its body under, enough to attempt an entry. But it movements were wild and undirected and Jenny was subjected to numerous painful stabs around her crotch and bottom. The dogs cock was hard and hot, and it seemed to stick to her were it touched like it was coated in glue. One of the thrusts was closed to the rose bud of her anus rather than her vagina. But all too soon the beast found its target, and sank into her pussy, cleaving her labia out of the way. There was no pause. The initial penetration was followed by an instant and furious pneumatic assault. A relentless raping of her genitals for 10 seconds or more of painful hell then a small respite from the dog before it hammered into her again. Her cries of panic were piteous and totally lost on the master, he would let her suffer all the agonies of hell and she knew it. Her hair pulled tight she could not even shake her head, only her hands clenching into fists and unclenching expressed her torment.&nbsp; And then it was over. At least the dog had stopped but it was still inside her. Then she felt the beast twitching and trying to dismount her. But it was stuck inside her, Infact it seemed bigger now than when it had entered her. The dog began to cross a paw over her back so both of its front legs were on one side of her body and its weight slid it down to the ground. But the engorged penis still did not come out of her. Instead it twisted inside her until the dog and her were arse to arse but still joined. The dog&#8217;s hot sticky shaft had rotated within her dragging her tender flesh as it went, and still the monster did not uncouple from her. It tugged several times testing the join and she could feel the hot animal semen inside her. Even its lubrication did not let the animal release her from its cruel plugging of her vagina. All she could do was, endure. The dog tugged half a dozen more times, each one a wrench to her sensitive, assaulted pussy. The dog pulled one more time and she felt pressure that should only accompany child birth. The dog pulled its way out of her, stretching her as the knot that had formed finally came out of her followed by several inches of still hard dog cock. She felt the dogs spend leaking out of her and down her legs. Worst of all she could smell it. The smell of dog but somehow more metallic filled her nostrils. She hadn&#8217;t realised but she was already crying and was glad that the ordeal was over.&nbsp; Then Kathy and master were near her head. Master passed the leash to Kathy and said 

Get him cleaned up

She turned the spent dog away from Jenny and then manoeuvred the dogs hind quarters closer to Jenny&#8217;s face. Kathy crouched to raise its still semi erect cock into Jenny&#8217;s mouth, looking apologetically into her eyes.&nbsp; Jenny gagged a few times on the dog as it continued to trickle cum into her mouth as she cried her way through the terrible experience. But master watched patiently while Kathy guided the dogs mottled penis into Jenny&#8217;s mouth for cleaning. He savoured every moment of her degradation.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny was left in the stocks, the dog semen drying on her body, the gentle breeze on her skin. Her joints and extremities were in pain. Her hair felt like it was being ripped from her scalp. Every movement that alleviated one discomfort rapidly brought on another. She was reduced to constant shifting miseries. The only thing to take her mind off her predicament was the collection of animals. There was another dog; a Great Dane or some similar breed, a pig, a horse and the van. That might have housed one of the dogs but not all of these animals. Her mind wandered, remembering the pig on the island, its horrible stabbing corkscrew penis and the sheer volume of its spend. Knowing what was to come made it worse. She did not look forward to a repeat of that experience. And a horse? She couldn&#8217;t even imagine what she was expected to do with such an animal.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kathy returned, she had a bowl of washing water and proceeded to clean Jenny. The awful smell of dog was gradually replaced by sweet smelling soap with a hint of honeysuckle. Jenny relaxed and let Kathy minister to her. Then Kathy spoke;

Are you ok? How are you holding up?

Jenny opened her eyes and looked around, but couldn&#8217;t see much, 

Its ok, he&#8217;s gone inside, he&#8217;s not watching us anymore Kathy answered, reassuring Jenny.

Jenny felt like she had a million questions, 

You are his slave? She asked almost unbelievingly. 

No Kathy said with absolute certainty. God No, I was sent here, as punishment and for further training, kind of like you.

Your master sent you? Jenny asked.

No, I did Kathy replied with a crooked smile. 

I don&#8217;t get it.. said Jenny.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Its my choice, I asked for and paid for this.&nbsp; A man I trust very much set it up for me. She confided

That&#8217;s some friend. Jenny posed quizzically.

Maybe you&#8217;ll meet him when he comes to collect me, Kurt&#8217;s wonderful Kathy told her.

Kurt? Jenny blurted out, German? I think I&#8217;ve met him. She trailed off.

Kathy just smiled. 

As if afraid to, Jenny finally asked, So what&#8217;s next? What else is he going to do to me; referring to the master with the slightest nod of her head toward the house.

I don&#8217;t know for sure, He said he won you or something like that, and that he was going to get his monies worth out of you She trailed off It didn&#8217;t sound good, I&#8217;m sorry. She looked vaguely concerned. 

I think he&#8217;s got a rough time planned for you. Jenny could tell from Kathy&#8217;s tone that her concern only went so far. 

I know you are a slave, where as I&#8217;m a guest. Kathy stated matter of factly. But when Jenny didn&#8217;t seem to acknowledge it she continued;

.. you know, there are things he cant do to me. There are agreed limits.&nbsp; But for you.. anything goes and she meant what she was saying. 

Jenny looked horrified, she&#8217;d seen the whipping Kathy had taken only a day or so ago and envisaged much worse for herself, but Kathy didn&#8217;t look horrified. Quite the opposite her look was rather dreamy and distant.&nbsp; 

I envy you, Kathy said, I wish I could be like you. Not knowing what was going to happen to me or how far it might go. You are so brave, it&#8217;s so excit and at that moment master re entered the courtyard, Kathy was instantly silent. 

Enjoy your chat? Master boomed at them, and air of amusement in his voice.

Jenny saw Kathy wince. It was like being caught smoking behind the bike sheds. Except that Jenny was in whipping stocks, naked with her head and hair tied at a strained angle. She wanted to shiver, but even that slight movement hurt her scalp. 

Slave He said to Kathy, Take the Great Dane inside. You will be servicing its needs for my entertainment. He walked to her and took two small bullet shaped ovals of metal from his pockets, They had sprung clips on them and he held them close over Kathy&#8217;s nipples. The clamps looked strong and Kathy winced in pain, the contortions did not leave her face. The pain looked extreme, and she obviously dared not attempt to remove them herself.

Take the dog in now and they don&#8217;t come off until the dog is finished with you, Do you understand? He glowered at her, All traces of amusement gone from his voice now.

Yes Master was all she could manage in a pained weak voice as she led the larger dog away and into the house. 

Master walked wordlessly to Jenny and began untying her from the stocks. It was good to be able to move her neck again. Finally she stood naked with master and the animals. 

Presentation position master said calmly, and Jenny complied, Feet a shoulders width apart and hands behind her head, pushing her breast forward. 

Master walked behind her out of view, You have performed acts with dogs and a pig before, haven&#8217;t you? He quizzed again, even though he apparently already knew the answer.&nbsp; Jenny&#8217;s stomach turned once again at the remembering of the pigs cork screw penis, and the speed with which it moved and prodded at her face. Her train of thought was broken by master;

But you have yet to perform with a horse? He said. 

Jenny glanced momentarily in masters direction as he walked into view of her leading the horse by its reigns. She gulped. She had no idea what was expected of her. She envisaged the horse above her trying to mount her. But no, surely not, she would be crushed? Master paused letting the thoughts run around in side her head. 

Your task is simple, make the horse cum, ensure its sperm covers your body not the ground, and make sure you eat at least two fingers worth of it. When you are done return the horse to its tether and present yourself at the door for my inspection. Her you go And master passed her the reigns and left the courtyard. Jenny was dumbfounded. She was relatively free and no one was watching her. She wasn&#8217;t sure what to do. She even considered running to the outer gate and trying to leave. Maybe not a practical thought as she was still totally nude and a long way form anything that might call its self a road. But of course, sanity and reality soon re asserted themselves. She was here because she had agreed to be here. She was doing these things because she had agreed to do these things. And also because she loved Steve, and how she loved him. But she felt foolish. She had a horribly degrading task ahead of her, and she wasn&#8217;t sure what was worse, doing it while being observed, or doing it all alone. No one would know; except her and the horse. She eyed the beast for the first time. It snorted at her, but didn&#8217;t seem aggressive. She wondered how to do this. She knew that she had to do it. But was there a right and a wrong way? Would the horse even let her? Should she re tie him to the ground stake? Yes that was probably best, one less thing to worry about. The animal was easily coaxed back to his spike in the ground between the pig and the white van. The reins attached easily enough and the horse returned to its grazing. Jenny felt self-conscious and crouched along side the beast; she didn&#8217;t think she had ever been this close to a horse before and certainly not for any reason such as this. She reached under and patted and stroked the horse near the area of its penis. She must have gotten it partially right, the horse let out a new sound, almost interested, if she read it correctly. She continued to rub closer and the horse began to shift its weight. Getting comfortable she thought. It must have done this before even if she hadn&#8217;t. Then she had the strangest thought; what if she was no good at this? For a moment, she was actually afraid that she might be unsatisfactory to the horse.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
The absurdity caught up with her and she laughed, her hand had reached an opening under the horse. She even wondered for a moment if he had given her a girl horse. Her finger probed the opening and was instantly met with a hot hard mass of skin coming out of the hole, and it kept coming. Six inches, ten, twelve ,eighteen maybe twenty inches plus. Not wet or slimy, almost dry. It was soft to the touch but with the underlying hardness of muscle. She let herself touch the beast&#8217;s penis, testing its flexibility and how the outer skin moved along the shaft. It was mottled brown and grey. It had a distinctive aroma, but not an unpleasant one and she was going to make it cum. The idea was difficult for her, but she swung the horse member a little in her direction so she would not be directly under the horse. It didn&#8217;t seem to mind. She tried to settle into a rhythm, But the horse seemed to require more. Reluctantly she held it to her mouth and kissed the end of the titanic member. Then she kissed again, this time for longer. Finally she parted her lips allowing the giant tip into her mouth, her tongue searched out the tip of the horses cock and she tasted the beast for the first time. That approving sound came again from the horse and she closed her eyes. Her tongue was lapping and wetting the end of the horse cock in her mouth. She tried to take it into her mouth but could only accommodate a small portion of huge shaft, but her mouth did fit around it she was surprised to find. Her hands continued to pump the shaft toward her and the animal made no protests. After a while she felt a warm trickle and the first changes of the tastes in her mouth. She paused taking her mouth from the beast and heard what sounded like a small protest. She returned her mouth to its ministrations. The shaft began to swell and harden further, she readied her self for the animal to shoot its spend onto her, but it did not come, she continued, ever mindful not to hurt the animal but quickening in pace where she could. It was many minutes later before the first jet of strong tasting think semen hit her tongue. She almost gagged and had to pull her mouth away. Another jet shot over her shoulder and she worried that the semen would fall to the floor. She directed the animals&#8217; cock to her breasts and another jet landed above her tits. She continued to work the shaft as pulse after pulse splashed off her chest. Occasionally she would rub the end over her coated breasts, collecting any drips that threatened to fall to the floor. She remembered that she must eat &#8216;at least two fingers worth&#8217; and didn&#8217;t relish the idea of the cooling semen on her chest, and so opted for the last few spurts from the horses cock before it fell flaccid; Although it did not retract from whence it had come.&nbsp; It remained a long limp reminder of the humiliation she had experienced while servicing an animal with her naked body. And just part of her wondered what it would have been like to feel that huge animal cock inside her. And she felt ashamed for even thinking of it. But think of it she had, 
She patted and even thanked the horse before walking slowly and carefully to the door to the house. She stood in presentation pose and leaned back slightly as the horse cum she had not rubbed into her skin dripped slowly toward her legs.

The door opened, master looked pleased. Although Jenny never looked directly at him she could make out the expressions on his face. He beckoned her in and led her back down the stairs to the room with the doors. Kathy was there with the Great Dane. There were scratches on her sides and she was currently licking the huge dogs softening penis. 

Enough return the dog and come back here He said and Kathy did as she was told. Upon returning a short time later she presented herself at masters side, thrusting her breast forward. She was obviously eager to be rid of the clamps crushing her nipples. 

Clean that first he motioned to Jenny 

Kathy paused and let the implications set in. She wanted to get the bucket and soap. But she knew that was not to be her fate. 

On all fours He added as she began to move in Jenny&#8217;s direction.

Defeated, Kathy dropped slowly to her knees and then crawled to Jenny&#8217;s feet. Licking up her legs and torso to her neck line; Kathy proceeded to lick every drop of horse semen from Jenny&#8217;s quivering body. The humiliation for both of them was extreme, But neither dared to protest. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Now He looked to Jenny, 

You may remove the nipple weights that have been reminding slave K here not to talk without my permission

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny grasped the spring clasps. Even that slight touch showed as intense pain on Kathy&#8217;s face.&nbsp; Jenny opened the clamps and blood rushed back in to Kathy&#8217;s tortured nipples. She yelped and wanted to drop to the floor and rub life back into her precious tips. But all she could do was stand and absorb the pain; shaking visibly with the effort. 

Slave K?

Yes Master? She hissed out through gritted teeth.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

What should slave J&#8217;s punishment be for talking? For making you talk? He asked her.

Jenny closed her eyes and to her surprise Kathy said 

No more than mine sir 

Master smiled Follow me and both girls followed him into room III.

Master opened a cabinet. It contained metal implements of all types. He handed a pair of military grade handcuffs to Kathy, the kind with a hinge but no chain. Master motioned to Jenny and Kathy fixed them into place; Jenny&#8217;s wrists were cuffed behind her back. The clamps from Kathy&#8217;s nipples were still in her hands. Master relieved her of them.

Put these on her. He said handing them to Kathy.

With an apologetic look on her face she slowly placed them over Jenny&#8217;s nipples and they crushed her nipples painfully as they clamped into place. Jenny knew it would be bad, but she was unprepared for the shear agony. The clamps bit harder than any she had experienced, She wanted to pull them off immediately, but was frozen in place by pain and of course, fear. 
Kathy made to step back from Jenny and master said, 

And now these on her pussy lips.

There were two short chains with even heavier weights at the ends and another two waiting in his other hand. Kathy was made to apply all four weighted clamps to the soft folds of Jenny&#8217;s vagina.&nbsp; Jenny yelped with each new addition. 

Jenny was trembling with the pain from the pussy and nipple clamps, now she was shaking and too terrified to move. The clamps were strong and pinched cruelly at her sensitive skin. And the cuffs were a constant reminder that it would not end without masters mercy. She knew there was precious little of that. And so she suffered.

Take her with you, while you put the animals away, make sure she sees what&#8217;s in the van Master said, and then he left by the stairs.

Kathy said nothing, but helped Jenny towards the stairs. The trip back up them was much more difficult, every step was a torment for Jenny as the clamps pinched into her. The weighs between her legs knocked and twisted together causing more pain and discomfort. It took nearly five minutes of slow progress to reach the animals outside. Kathy said;

Wait here while she led the horse and then the two dogs to stable and kennels behind the house, but out side the main wall, Jenny noticed.

Then Kathy came for the pig and led it behind the house too. When she returned, she opened the small white van driver&#8217;s door. The keys were in the ignition. She used them to open the back door to the van. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny looked on, the van appeared to be climate controlled. Inside were all manner of cases and tanks for exotic animals. A couple of snakes, two spiders, some sea creatures Jenny thought they looked like slugs, and there were ventilated Jars containing insects; wasps, ants, even a big scorpion. and some cockroaches. Jenny recoiled, the wasps looked very familiar and her hands moved involuntarily to protect her vagina before the hand cuffs around her wrists reminded her how impossible that was. Once again she felt naked and vulnerable. Kathy closed the van doors and lead Jenny slowly back to the house. The weights clanking and tugging between her legs; she winced with every step. Jenny was beginning to tremble slightly. She was afraid. She didn&#8217;t want to suffer the wasps again, not for this man. She wanted to cry. She wanted Steve to come and take her away from here. He could do anything to her. She had had enough and she just wanted this to be over now.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Enjoy your walk? Master enquired as Kathy led Jenny down the stirs to the basement. Jenny didn&#8217;t answer. Sure enough it had been a rhetorical question, because master just smiled at her discomfort.

You can both eat in her cell He informed the two girls But not a word, you understand He said threateningly.

Kathy nodded; Jenny did the same all be it a little slower. They entered Jenny&#8217;s cell and the familiar tray and bucket combo awaited them both.
They ate in silence. Jenny desperately wanted to remove the weights, but with nothing said they remained on. They hurt terribly when she tried to sit on the floor and the weights went slack as they touched the floor. That in itself caused her more pain. Kathy had to feed Jenny because her hands were still cuffed behind her. It was maybe half an hour later before master returned and had Kathy remove the weights to floods of tears from Jenny. She couldn&#8217;t remember having the clamps on her for so long. The pain was intense and her skin horribly pinched, almost like it would show the marks forever. Kathy held Jenny&#8217;s crying face to her shoulder and comforted her as best she could. Her cries became sobs and the hug no longer seemed right between two grown women. They parted; knowing when they did so that master would start again on them in some way. Jenny was left in her cell and Kathy was moved somewhere else. The door closed and the lights went out. Jenny sobbed herself to sleep once again. Her dreams were plagued with thoughts and fears. Would she ever survive this hell?

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny Awoke to the sound of the door opening, a tearful Kathy entered with Master close behind.&nbsp; He snapped his fingers and left the room, they both followed him, this time to room II. The chair and the pommel horse were there. He had Kathy help him position Jenny over the pommel horse her ankles in the lower fixings leaving her legs apart. Jenny&#8217;s weight rested on the top of the pommel horse. The cuffs behind her back were attached to a chain from the ceiling. When it pulled tort the strain in her arms pushed her head forward and down and raised her exposed bottom. Kathy was then placed in the interrogation chair, her knees fixed obscenely apart and the cut out in the seat leaving access to both of her sensitive holes. Jenny&#8217;s position over the pommel horse and Kathy&#8217;s seated position were such that they could see each other faces. Master smiled and retrieved a squeezable tube, the brand name it carried let the two captives know that this was not going to be good. He applied a latex glove to his right hand and applied a liberal amount of the clear gel. He rubbed and flexed his fingers over one another until the gloved fingers where evenly coated, then he applied a 1 cm blob to the end of his first two fingers. He showed it to Jenny and Kathy, then reached between Kathy&#8217;s spread legs and rubbed the gel into her clitoris and along her slit to her puckered arse. A second blob was applied to his fingers and he stepped behind Jenny rubbing the gel into her anus and dragging the remainder down her slit till he was rubbing it under her clit hood. Then he stepped back and waited. Kathy began to squirm first. The deep heat of the tiger balm was inflaming the muscles of her sensitive vagina and tortured clitoris. The heat built until it became unbearable and then it got hotter still. She itched and trembled and let out juddering moans of suffering. Soon Jenny&#8217;s inflamed anus and maddeningly hot vagina were assaulted by similar waves of heat and itching. They both began to sweat and could find no comfort at all. The areas of Jenny&#8217;s cunt that had been pinched by the clamps were still most sensitive. It felt as though hot needles were being stabbed into her there. And the pain just seemed to get worse. It was maddening. Jenny heard a scream. Kathy was begging for it to stop. Both of them were in floods of tears. Soon Jenny could take no more and was also begging. Both were stressing how much they &#8216;meant it&#8217; and that they &#8216;couldn&#8217;t take anymore&#8217;. They both felt like they were literally on fire; and master did not stop the torture. Ten minutes later both women were jabbering wrecks who would have sold their souls for an ease to their torture. But finally the pain began to subside, the heat lessened or finally became more bearable, but the itching did not go away, it seemed to overtake the heat and through tears and sweat they continued to shake and squirm as much as the bonds would allow. They suffered, even preying for unconsciousness. Half an hour later their strength had left them and Jenny hung over the pommel horse, Kathy was finally slumped not rigid with pain in the chair. They both saw master move out of the corners of there vision. He picked up the tube once more. Both girls screamed their protests, wide eyed with fear. Master held up his hand, they fell silent but no less fearful.

Here&#8217;s how this is going to work, I want one of you to suffer for me again just as you both have done. The other one will service me to my satisfaction. Decide between you who it will be by the time I get back or I will choose what to do with you both. And with out another word, master left the room. Silence filled the room, Stuttering and fearful, Kathy shakily said;

I can&#8217;t go through that again, its horrible, I though I was going to die

Jenny&#8217;s response was no less encouraging Oh god please no, this can&#8217;t be happening. Trying to think of a solution and preferably not one that involved more of the heat gel. 

I can&#8217;t.. Jenny stammered I&#8217;m so raw it feels like my skins been ripped off

What if we can&#8217;t decide? What will he do? Kathy asked

Nothing good Jenny offered. 

He&#8217;ll probably just do it to both of us Kathy mused darkly.

He could be back any minute, please I can&#8217;t ask you to do this. I don&#8217;t know what to do Jenny said with genuine tears of sorrow in her eyes. 

You said you had choices? Things he couldn&#8217;t do, but you must have chosen this Jenny said to Kathy. 

Kathy went wide eyed, it was true but she couldn&#8217;t do this again, it had hurt so much. And not like a whip or a cane. It hurt for so long and just didn&#8217;t stop. 

Jenny could see the look in her eyes, and a faint glimmer of hope. There was just a little turmoil there. Maybe just maybe Kathy would do this

The door swung open and master looked pleased with himself. He stepped into the room and said nothing. Both girls waited for the other to volunteer, but quickly they realise neither of them was able to.

Jenny began to sob and a moment later so did Kathy, the hopelessness consuming them. Master stepped forward and sounded genuinely consoling as he patted Kathy on the shoulder and began releasing her from the chair. He helped Kathy to her feet; she was very wobbly and he led her from the room. He returned moments later and donned another latex glove. He reapplied the gel and this time filled his palm with an additional golf ball sized mound emptying almost half the tube in the process. Jenny was terrified; shaking and crying, promising anything if he would just not..
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He stepped out of her vision and moved behind her, she began screaming before he even touched her. In one slow smooth motion his wet gelled middle digit rooted under her clit hood while his slick gelled thumb penetrated her anus. The flat of his hand pressed the bulk of the remaining gel between her labia and a long way into the folds of her vagina. A finger or two quickly ensured deeper penetration and the pain and heat began to build. His hand withdrawn; master discarded the glove and left her alone. Within minutes she had screamed herself horse and before the heat could turn to the maddening itch she had passed into sub space and unconsciousness&#8217;, her own screams still echoing in her dreams long after she had lost the strength to make them. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jenny awoke, pained, sensitive and still itching. She had no idea how long it had been. Her throat felt like sandpaper. She was unbelievably thirsty and she was genuinely worried her vagina and arse were now little more than steak tartar. Her hands were free and she plucked up the courage to explore herself. Everything hurt. But everything was &#8216;there&#8217;. She didn&#8217;t know if that was good or bad. There were drinks and things to wash with. She drank and used the other bucket. It was painful to pee. She was so sensitive down there. She returned to a fitful sleep with a familiar smell in her nostrils. What was it? Oh yes the healing balm. Se felt terrible but wondered how much worse she would have felt without the balm as her world once again darkened. She woke many more times; unable to find any comfort. She was exhausted, but aware of screams coming periodically form somewhere in the house. She wondered what had happened to Kathy. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As usual, there was only a small amount of light in the cell. Jenny had been awake for hours. She had rubbed and washed till no trace of the itch or heat gel remained. But she could no longer sleep. She had been alone for hours and it felt like she had slept for longer than at any time during her visit there. She was even thinking that she was a little board. But that was never going to last. She heard the footstep a second before the door lock clicked. Master stood in the bright doorway, silhouetted by the glare from the room beyond. 

Come with me little one he said in a matter of fact tone. 

Jenny obeyed and followed. He led her once again to the second room. The interrogation chair awaited her. She was directed to sit. She did so folding her arms in her lap; and keeping them away from the arms rests with the restraints. Master casually kicked her ankles apart until they were touching the chair legs. He then clicked the manacles about her ankles into place with a practised smooth touch of his toe. He smiled. Jenny looked straight ahead, trying to keep her composure. Master crouched in front of her, looking straight into her eyes. She tried to look away, but he slapped her face. 

Look at me He snapped 

She did as he said, a trace of a tear in the corner of her eye.
He reached to one side and took a leather collar from a table and a pair of handcuffs. He draped the cuff over the collar and passed it around her neck. She could feel the cold chain of the cuffs against her neck. He buckled the collar into place trapping the cuffs behind her. He then reached behind her neck. His face was close to her and she could smell his breath. He licked her obscenely as he clipped the trapped handcuff chain to the back of the chair. He calmly took hold of her wrists and pushed her arms one at a time until the cuffs captured them. 

Just like the presentation pose. Isn&#8217;t it? He whispered into her ear 

She didn&#8217;t answer, more out of fear. Master ran his hands down her face and naked body, scratching with his finger nails down her rib cage and from her thighs to her kneels. Then he looped the velcro straps around her knees and fixed them apart to the legs of the chair. Once again she was naked and exposed before her torturer. Master continued to look intro her eyes, making her more and more uncomfortable. Again he reached for his stool, and settled in to look at Jenny.

Are you enjoying your visit with me? He enquired

Of course Jenny Answered Yes sir not to convincingly 

Would you like me to arrange to extend your stay with me? He goaded her.

She almost spat the answer Nooo Sir.! Then quickly corrected herself;

No thank you sir, Master Steve was certain about wanting me back when he said sir. She responded politely and thought to herself; &#8216;phew, what a good save&#8217;. Master just smiled knowingly. 
 
 I have many more things planned for you he said, pausing to gauge her reaction, which did not look too impressed. This amused him.

..and I find myself running short of time to indulge in all of the activities that I want he informed her, and Jenny seemed to greet this news with cautious optimism.

so I&#8217;d like you to choose our next activities he said with a dangerous smile on his face. 

Jenny looked on nervously, but said nothing.

What are your sexual appetites like? he asked 

Jenny as usual didn&#8217;t know how to answer and looked puzzled, parting her mouth like a fish with no idea what to say with it. 

How many men have you serviced in succession? has casually added.

I serve my master sir, he has not asked anything like that of me.

But I am you master at the moment he mused, and Jenny looked perturbed at this.

I heard about the wasp stings you endured. It was very brave of you. Do you like being tortured with animals and painful degrading encounters like the stings? He said smiling evilly as he clearly enjoyed her discomfort at the mention of her finale at the resort.&nbsp; Jenny gulped and began answering. 

My master required it of me. And she trailed off as she realised what he had said only a moment before. If he was her master, he might make her do like wise. Butterflies went crazy in her stomach and her crotch tightened with pain, excitement and panic. She wanted to be away from this place and would have run for the door if she could. She wanted Steve to come and save her. She felt foolish and trapped for ever having agreed to go there. She wasn&#8217;t strong enough for this. She knew she couldn&#8217;t take anymore, and she began to well up with tears. Master looked unimpressed and watched the tears come and he watched them go a few minutes later; never once showing a twinge of concern mercy or compassion for her. This alone chilled her to the bone and practically dried her tears up. 

Now we have that little episode out of the way he said scolding her. I&#8217;d like you to choose between a gangbang of sorts or a session in the gyno chair with various animal accompaniments he said as though he were narrating a wild life documentary.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Don&#8217;t worry, I&#8217;ll give you time to think about it He told her as he began unbuckling his belt. His trousers dropped as he stood, and his already erect cock sprang into view. He took Jenny&#8217;s hair in one tight fist full and held her head as he nudged his cock into her mouth. She dared not resist and was soon taking him deep into her throat as he fucked her immobile head. She gagged several times, but he did not slow or pull back. She was crying again and trying to regulate her breathing. She was distracted by his free hand taking hold of her right nipple, pinching hard and pulling it up. He pinched squeezed and mauled her areola and nipple, scraping his nail over the sensitive skin. Her moans and muffled yelps were music to his ears. He came hard in her throat with the sickening burning taste of him sliding down her tongue. He held there going soft, oozing the last drops of cum into her mouth. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
So, which animals should I throw you to? He hissed. A hand full here in the chair or dozens of the two legged variety in a warehouse?

Jenny knew she would not have long to answer. Men or animals, she thought What if this master didn&#8217;t check all of the men? What if he didn&#8217;t care? She could catch something. It was a horrible thought. But the actual animals; were so degrading and painful. But at least no one else would see her. Certainly not any one of countless men she might meet again one day on the street. She knew the choice was already made. Not what she wanted, but what she didn&#8217;t want. Master withdrew from her, spittle trailing onto her breasts and belly. Jenny coughed a few times, clearing her assaulted throat. She answered;

Not the men sir in a defeated tone.

Master was entertained by her answer, the phrasing told him everything, She wanted neither and she had chosen what seemed the lesser of the two evils in her mind. Master enjoyed the turmoil of her decision being made. He could see how it pained her. He began releasing her from the chair. Jenny was allowed to stretch before he pushed her toward the gynaecological chair, she sat up in the chair and got comfortable. Master ran is hand from her toes to her ankle; gripped it and pulled her about 6 inches down the chair. She gasped and he lifted her legs in to the stirrups. Jenny was no longer comfortable, she hung precariously over the edge of the seat and only the stirrups under her knees kept her form sliding off. But of course her legs were now wide apart and her vulva on display. She didn&#8217;t know what to do with her hands, they hung at her sides, as there was no room for them on the chair with her. 

Would you like me to bind you? Master asked, as though he were offering her a cup of tea.

We don&#8217;t want your hands getting in the way do we he asked rhetorically. Taking hold of her trembling wrists; Master slowly but forcefully raised them both over her head. She felt metal and heard the familiar click of cuffs locking her into place. 

So you don&#8217;t want me to give to you to a lot of men he mused, Jenny looked concerned. But I am going to give you to someone; to do with as they please. And you are going to serve them as you would me; As you would Steve. Don&#8217;t disappoint me He threatened her. He moved closer to her, and in a steady cold quiet voice he said;

Tell me that you&#8217;ll obey, tell me that you are going to suffer for the man I give you to.

Jenny knew she had no choice any way, but was now very concerned about Masters tone. She didn&#8217;t know what he had planned for her, but she knew it wasn&#8217;t going to be good. 

Biting back the fear, she said in a tiny voice;

Yes I obey master&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
Master smiled and clapped loudly, twice, and in walked a man of similar build and height. Jenny&#8217;s eyes went wide with fear. 

Jean (pronounced Jon) walked to the other side of her. Jean from the island was one of the most sadistic people Jenny had ever met. He was the one man she would never want to be left alone with. Jenny&#8217;s breath was ragged she was trying her bonds and beginning to panic. She wished she were anywhere but here. She said nothing but her eyes spoke volumes. She might have sold her soul to be free of Jeans clutches right now, and master knew it as he spoke to her. 

I have no interest in torturing you with animals; I much prefer to do such things myself. But I am interested in the humiliation involved, and I find that is best observed from a discrete distance.&nbsp; I see that you remember my friend Jean. He of course remembers you and has been looking forward to playing with you for some time. And now your suffering at his hands will pay my debt to him. And its quite a sizable debt; You are quite the commodity this week. Have fun. He said as he left the room. Probably to watch form the cctv room. But none the less he had left her with Jean, and now they were alone she was terrified. She considered asking Jean to let her go, but his look and demeanour dissuaded her from ever asking for mercy from him. She closed her eyes tight hoping he would go away. Her breathing slowly began to calm itself. When she opened her eyes Jean had indeed left the room, only to return moments later pushing a trolley of some kind. The trolley was quiet and covered in a cloth. Jean walked to her side and began to touch her. He stroked her, touched her, probed her, pinched her, slapped her and scratched her. Like a child with a new toy he tormented her as he explored every part of her body and he was not gentle and she could not escape him. After ten or fifteen minutes he finally stopped. He slapped her face a few times to make sure he had her attention. He smiled down at her. His face consumed by avarice, Jenny was at his mercy and he revelled in it. 

His heavy French accent commanded her open your mouth

She slowly opened her mouth, he drove two of his fingers into it and probed her orifice touching her teeth her tongue and the inside of her cheek. It felt horrible, Jenny felt violated more than she ever expected and even considered biting him, but quickly thought better of it. She did however continue to tremble.&nbsp; As his fingers trailed away form her, he drew back the cover from the trolley. Upon it were boxes and carrying containers for various small animals, many of which she had seen in the van outside the main house. A large number of the creatures were of the creepy crawly variety, and Jenny wined involuntarily at the sight of them, her panic returning steadily. This of course pleased Jean immensely. He reached for a large rounded flask. It contained the slug like things she had seen in the van. Jean opened the lid and used long scissor like tongs to extract one of the creatures. 

Leeches he announced proudly&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

He brought the leech to her left breast, then up under her armpit. He placed it onto her skin. Jenny squirmed almost as much as it did. But her body heat told it that a meal was near and she screamed as the leech bit into her tender flesh under her armpit. Jenny freaked and began screaming, begging anything to get this away from her. But Jean merely enjoyed her immense suffering. When she finally calmed down, He took another and let it feast on her other armpit, again she screamed, but lacked the energy to do much more than sob pitifully, this time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jean waited for the slightest eye contact from her before smiling at her and retrieving a third leech. This one he threatened to let loose on her face, again she screamed begging him not to. He even touched her face with it; causing her screams to increase in volume. She was wide eyed with fear. Jean knew she was close to breaking point. She was where he wanted her. He put the leech back in the jar. Then positioned him self between her legs, his crotch bumping into and resting on hers. 

I want one more of these on you his mocking French accent taunted her 

Tell me where you want it He said 

Tell me &#8216;That&#8217; you want it He stressed.

Jenny could say nothing, she was petrified with fear. Jeans thumb touched her vulva; he began working it into her cleft and under her hood. He worked her clitoris roughly, but not unpleasantly. For the first time Jenny noticed that the leeches under her arm pits no longer hurt. She didn&#8217;t know why, maybe they had dropped off. But a quick glance confirmed they were still attached and if anything they were now double the size. 

Very well, under or over Jean said to her

Jenny didn&#8217;t know what he meant, and in her momentary confusion forgot her fear, but it soon returned when he clarified;

Under the hood or over it he said tapping his thumb in those places as he said it.

Jenny&#8217;s eyes went wild, and again she strained all she could against her bonds, but to no avail. His free hand reached for the tongs and he again brought the third leech over to her, this time between her legs. 

Please don&#8217;t, please no, I&#8217;ll do anything, please don&#8217;t let it bite me, not there sir , please sir Jenny pleaded getting faster, panicked and higher pitched as he continued to ignore her.

Jean laid the leech to rest on the hood over her clitoris, Its body curled and its neck arched, a moment later it bit into her. Jenny wailed a guttural blood-curdling scream, and then broke down into sobs of anguish.

She felt Jean tugging with the tongs as he pulled off the leech under her left armpit and then the one under her right. The pain slowly returned and where they had been felt like the open wounds that they were as blood flowed freely form them. Jean did apply the soothing antiseptic salve, but not until he had enjoyed a full minute of her arms pits stinging her where the leeches had been removed. Then he looked to her crotch. The now engorged leech looked three or four times bigger than when it had first touched her flesh, but it was no longer currently stinging her. She knew it would hurt when he removed it. Jean slowly clamped the tongs around the black fat leech. Jenny knew it had to come off and was dreading this. Jean was not quick, He pulled slowly and she felt the strain. The intensity built and she could feel the stinging, as the leech was pulled free of her. It came off and the pain increased, she could see blood between her legs and she wept until everything went black. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was some time later, she was no longer bleeding but could feel the bite marks. Jean was not in the room but the trolley still was. The happy full leeches were in their jar under a rock. All Jenny could do was to wait. She heard someone coming, and considered feigning being asleep. But every time she had awoken, master had known. She was obviously being watched. She suddenly had an irrational urge to close her legs. Naturally the stirrups prevented this. Jean entered, 

Good, you are awake he said as he walked between the stirrups once more. He dropped his trousers and began masturbating, when he was fully erect, he slipped a finger between Jenny&#8217;s pussy lips. And to her utter shame she was soaking wet. She wanted to die of embarrassment.&nbsp; Jean smiled and his erection cleaved into her. He rode her as hard has he wished, even though she was wet she took no pleasure in him being inside her. He came and she felt his seamen stab into her and fill her. He pulled out wiping his cock on the insides of her legs. His cum pooling near the crack of her arse on the chair&#8217;s seat. Without another word he snorted at her and left. She felt truly used.

The drying cum felt terrible and she felt ashamed. It was more than half an hour before master returned. He smiled at her distress and still evident shame. He released her, but she couldn&#8217;t stand, she had been in the stirrups so long that her legs had pins and needles. He gave her a damp cloth and made her clean the chair before attending to herself. Then he took her back to her cell once more. Food, drink, ablutions and the washing bucket waited for her there. She was starving and thirsty and consumed what she could, but even she noticed her appetite had diminished. She looked to the mark on her vulva and it was a small three-spoke shape. She was tender but not in pain. She tried to sleep, but sleep would not come to her. She was left alone for what seemed like hours. Not even being disturbed when she needed to use the waste bucket.&nbsp; Eventually master returned for her. She had no idea how long it had been. The door opened and he commanded her;

Stand Was all he said. 

She did and followed him. He led her to the cctv room there was the triangular wooden pony apex frame. On top was the vertical phallus. Master checked her slit and gave a disapproving &#8216;humph&#8217;. He pulled her over to the frame pushing her over it so that it cut into her belly, then he laid on several dozen hard hand slaps to her naked buttocks. Every slap hurt and she was crying and yelping before he was done. But when he was, he again checked her pussy to find it wet enough to mount the dildo. He helped her into position and again her feet dangled, not reaching the floor, the fake cock impaled her to the tip of her cervix and was vary uncomfortable. Her arms were drawn behind her and again she was unable to support herself. The wooden frame was cutting into her as her weight pushed her clit and pelvis in to the wood. She shifted but it only intensified the pressure. Master held a TV remote. He pointed it ahead of her and one of the larger monitors flickered to life. It was Jenny on the screen walking to the gateway, then down the stairs, and then to her first naked entrance into the stone cellar. All of the scenes were cctv of her being tortured and abused. Master chuckled and left her to watch in discomfort, and she had no doubt that she was still being recorded as she suffered,&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two hours later, Jenny was in agony, the pony had done its evil work and she was in constant pain. She didn&#8217;t want to watch the movie but she had nothing else to distract her. She was dismayed at what she had let happen to her. She would have pitied any other girl in her situation and she preyed no one would ever see what was on this tape. But the events now featured Jean, meaning they were coming to an end. The picture went black and after a few minutes of uncomfortable silence master returned for her and finally lifted her down. She collapsed to the floor, but he did not release her wrists. 

Time for a souvenir of your visit He said softly to her

He walked her to his chair and sat in it. Then he drew her down to him and bent her over his lap. Master spanked her experimentally a few times then used his left hand to hold her cuffs up behind her back. She didn&#8217;t feel him reach for the cane. But she heard the first practice swing whoosh behind her. She flinched and he swung again, this time hard and horizontal across her arse cheek. White hot fire seared into her arse and she wailed instantly, then another crack of the cane lit a line of fire on her other cheek. Her feet and legs curled up in futile cramps and she shook violently with fear and agony. Tens of other lighter strikes followed spreading to become a dull red ache all across her buttocks. She had not stopped crying or forgotten the feel of the first two cane strikes to land on her. They were worse than any she had know; obviously intended to leave marks. Master drew her up to stand and marched her shakily from the room, past her cell and up the stairs. It was only when they walked past the table in the hall way and master took her raincoat from it that she realised something was different. They walked into the courtyard and there was Steve. Jenny was elated, but Steve looked concerned. Then she realised what she must look like. Naked, whipped, and caned. Her pussy was red raw and she had a face that had been crying all day. She knew she looked a mess and her arse cheeks hurt terribly.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Not bad Steve, debt paid, Debt paid indeed, and just as I promised here she is walking to you Master smiled. He stopped and let Jenny walk the last few paces alone. She fell into Steve&#8217;s Arms and sobbed. On the uncomfortable ride home she said nothing, but she did not let go of Steve either. She held his arm all the way back to his apartment. 

In the days that followed Steve lavished praise and thanks on Jenny for everything she had done and gone through. He even bought her a car. She didn&#8217;t tell him what had happened to her and he didn&#8217;t ask. She didn&#8217;t hate him or herself for that matter. But she was much happier with what she had, and she didn&#8217;t ask for her limits to be tested again. Jenny remained Steve&#8217;s proud slave. Eventually she even became proud of the two stripes she had earned, which is just as well, because they took a very long time to fade from her body and the never faded from her memory.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 



  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Templer2187


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





