BDSM Library - Country Club Cookout




Country Club Cookout
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Trine and Christina are finally going with their parents to one of the infamous Dolcett cookouts at the local country club. Guess what happens...
Country Club Cookout



Saturday morning. The Bremmer family were all sitting around the kitchen table
and had breakfast. Mr. Bremmer was hiding behind the paper, as usual. His son
Brent, seventeen and a bit of a bully, tried to read the comics of the back page
of the section his father was holding. Trine was busy with the lifestyle
takeout. There was an interesting article on the new skin creams on the market.
Mrs. Bremmer was standing by the stove, talking on the phone while cooking more
eggs.

"Trine, are you absolutely positive that you want to go?" asked her mom. She was
holding her hand over the microphone of the handset. This afternoon's host, Mrs.
Jameson, was in the other end and they were discussing food recipes and how much
they would need.

"I am!" said Trine for the fifth time that morning. All the other girls from
class had been to at least one Dolcett theme party with friends or family and
Trine was very eager to join the rapidly growing club. She and Christina had
finally arranged to go with their parents to the local country club's annual
cookout this summer. It was going to be huge this year. Trine knew at least ten
other girls from school who would be there with their family or boyfriends.

"Okay then!" smiled her mother, still holding the phone "Liz here wants to know
how much you weigh... just in case!"

"Uh, eh... ninety-five pounds!"

"Ninety-five!" repeated her mother into the phone "Yes, I am sure she will fit a
standard spit if it comes to that!"

Trine rolled her eyes. She couldn't believe her mother was discussing her body
as if it was already a piece of meat. But she quickly smiled back and tried to
look happy about it. Otherwise her mom might not let her go.

"I am sure you it will fit you just nicely, sis!" laughed Brent and squeezed a
cooked sausage from his plate through his fist to simulate a spitting.

"Brent! Stop teasing your sister!" their father said, looking over the paper for
once, "She is doing a very brave and honourable thing here and you will respect
her for that!"

"That's right, dear!" smiled her mother and held her hand over the microphone
again. She mad eye contact to Trine and continued: "Quite a few girls will be
sold for charity today and I am proud that we will both go together! ... oh,
sorry Liz, what was that? ... Yes, I'll be happy to help with the cooking, of
course I will!"

"Trine, dear! Are you all ready ... you know?" asked her dad and looked
knowingly at his sixteen year old daughter. Trine blushed at once. She knew
exactly what he meant but she was not ready to discuss that with her father over
breakfast.

"I'll eh... get ready now!" she said and finished her juice. She hurried up and
went into the bathroom. After undressing, she found the cream her mother had
given her and carefully applied it to her trimmed bush and under her arms. Her
legs and arms also got a thin layer. The chemicals invoked a tingling in her
skin but she ignored it and let it sit for the full ten minutes as the label
instructed. Then she showered and washed the whole lot off with soap. She was
amazed at how smooth she was afterwards. This beat any shaving she had ever
done. Not a hint of stubble was left on her pussy. She looked at herself in the
full body mirror as she dried up. Suddenly, she looked like a meat girl, she
thought. The notion sent a sweet shiver down her spine.

In her bedroom, she dropped the towel on the floor and took on her lime green
bikini set. It was very revealing and she wished she could wear a skirt or
something over it, but her mom had insisted that this was more than enough. The
small triangles hardly covered her C-cupped breasts and the bottom was almost
just strings. From the back she would look just about naked, she sighed to
herself. Her shaved pussy lips formed a nice 'camel toe' through the thin,
almost transparent lycra of the panties.

"Honey, you look just gorgeous!" smiled her mother as she entered the room. She
hadn't even knocked but Trine decided she had better not protest now.

"Why are you...?" asked Trine as she stared at her mother's naked body. She too
was smooth and her skin glared a bit. Obviously rubbed in oil of some sort.

"Oh, I can't be bothered to wear anything!" laughed her mother "It always gets
lost in the confusion so better to come au naturel!"

"I see!" mumbled Trine and looked at her mom again. She was really fit for a
thirty-five year old woman, still slim and with firm if a bit heavy tits.

"Well, come along! The boys are waiting by the car!"

Trine ran after her, feeling almost more naked without her purse than without
her clothes. Brent stared at her almost naked body as soon as they got out there
but he didn't tease her any more. Trine thanked herself for keeping the bikini
on, even if her mother went in the nude.

"Damn, I can't get the camping chairs in with the table!" sneered her dad as he
tried to squeeze the folded seats into the back seat. Brent helped him from the
other side while Mrs. Bremmer carried two large eskies with salads and drinks
and put them on the floor under the seats.

"Okay, finally! Get in girls so we can get going!" smiled Mr. Bremmer. Brent was
already sitting on the front passenger seat.

"Eh... where?" asked Trine and looked at the back seat. It was crammed with
stuff for the cookout and there was no room for passengers.

"In here, silly!" laughed her mom and went around to the trunk where her husband
was waiting. Trine looked in disbelief as her mother climbed down into the trunk
and lay down on the old rug. She was just about to protest, but didn't. She was
not going to be freaked out of this. If all the other girls did it, she could do
it. Wearing a false smile she quickly climbed down to her naked mother and
squeezed herself down between her and the cold metal sides.

"See you soon!" smiled her dad and slammed the trunk shut. The darkness was
thick and the smell of oil and gasoline uncomfortable, but at least Mr. Bremmer
drove carefully so they weren't bruised on the way.

"I often think that this is how the cooking ovens must feel!" laughed Mrs.
Bremmer while they drove "Especially when I am down here on the hot days!"

"You mean... you often go like this?" asked Trine.

"Oh yes, your daddy likes me down here when we go out to friends!"

Trine was too taken aback to answer. Her mother chatted most of the way and
Trine replied as good as she could. Her back was beginning to hurt when they
finally pulled into some soft gravel and the motor stopped.

"Welcome to the cookout!" said a female voice. The sun blinded Trine and her mom
as the trunk was opened. Someone helped them both out on the driveway.

"Hello dear! Thanks for inviting us!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and hugged a woman who
was also naked, "Liz, this is my daughter, Trine, and my son Brent!"

"Hello Trine, Brent!" Mrs. Jameson nodded to them both. She was around forty but
her body looked really great, thought Trine.

"Uh, hello!" smiled Trine and suddenly discovered that her bikini top had slid
aside in the trunk and both her tits were exposed. She quickly adjusted it back
into place while the two ladies laughed light-heartedly.

"You'll be glad to know that quite a lot of first-timers are here today!" smiled
Mrs. Jameson and pointed towards the large gardens of her and Mr. Jameson's
estate. Trine looked and saw scores of people walking from the cars and in that
direction. All the girls and women were either naked or wearing very skimpy
clothes like her.

"Well, let's go then!" said Mr. Bremmer and lifted up in the camping table.
Trine took a few chairs under her arm and followed her family. Her eyes kept
scanning the people around her for familiar faces. How she wished Christina
would be here soon. Mrs. Bremmer and Mrs. Jameson walked just in front of her
and chatted on.

"So, how many do you expect today?" asked Mrs. Bremmer.

"Just around seven hundred altogether!" smiled Mrs. Jameson "The garden will be
well full today because we have asked an entertainment company to provide ...
well, lots of entertainment for all! There'll be gallows and guillotines and all
that!"

"Oh, how exciting!!!" giggled Mrs. Bremmer. Trine sank a lump.

"Yes, well... we DO need at least fifty girls to feed the guests and then we
hope to get at least double that sold off for in support of the Rotary Club's
new headquarters!"

"And I see that Thomas is here to make some purchases!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and
pointed to the large truck which was parked close to the entrance. Trine noticed
the sides were painted with 'T.J. Hill's Meat'.

"Oh yes, of course! He is hoping to get some twenty girls and have promised to
pay premium prices for them to support the Club!"

"That Thomas... he is just too good!" laughed Mrs. Bremmer.

"Anyway, have fun all and I'll catch you later!" said Mrs. Jameson as they
reached the line of people in front of the entrance to the garden, "I must go
and see how the entertainment area is coming along! They are still setting it
up!"



"What now?" asked Trine and walked up besides her mom. She still couldn't see
anyone she knew in the crowd.

"Now we have to register and pay the entrance fee!" she said as they took a
place in the line. Trine watched as the mother and daughter in front of them
talked to a woman behind a small table on the grass. The husband paid her some
money and she handed him two white, rectangular plastic tags with a metal clip.
He immediately turned to his wife and clipped the tag onto her left nipple with
the metal clip. The daughter was naked too and was likewise tagged in her
nipple. She whined a bit but quickly ran after them into the garden.

"Hello Belinda! How are you? Four people, thanks!" said Trine's dad to the lady.
He obviously knew her from somewhere.

"Thank you, I am fine!" smiled Belinda, a frisky blonde "Is this your daughter?"

"Yes, that's Trine!" said Mr. Bremmer, "Trine, this is Belinda, my secretary
from the office!"

"Eh, hi!" said Trine. Belinda smiled back.

"You may want to drop your bikini now!" she suggested and handed the two tags to
Trine's father while he paid the entrance.

"Um, no thanks, I'll keep it on!" stuttered Trine, a bit uncertain.

"Okay, I guess you'll be 'cow' then!" smiled Belinda in her fresh voice. Trine
looked at her cluelessly. Mr. Bremmer had already clicked the tag onto his
wife's left nipple and was holding the other one out to Trine.

"Are you sure, dear?" asked Mrs. Bremmer "You could just drop the top!"

"No thanks, mom!" sighed Trine. Mr. Bremmer just shrugged his shoulders and
quickly snapped the tag onto Trine's right earlobe. It was rather tight and she
whined briefly. Belinda laughed at Trine's surprise and Brent immediately gave
her a 'Moohhh!'. Mrs. Bremmer slapped his hand and he stopped.

"Come on, now!" she said and led the way into the large garden. Trine was
blushing all over her face. The tag was dangling on her neck and cheek as she
walked. And she still couldn't find anyone she knew from school.



"This is a good spot!" decided Mr. Bremmer and put down the table next to a
large tree. Hundreds of other families were unpacking their picnic goodies
around them. Some had tables and chairs like them and other just had blankets to
sit on. Trine stood and watched as the others got things arranged. The garden
was huge. On a small hill, overlooking it, was the mansion... white and
spectacular looking. Lots of old trees lined several small garden areas. Not far
from their table, people were setting up rows of barbeque pits and lighting the
coals in some of them. Trine saw a group of excited young girls who stood and
watched two men light yet another pit. Suddenly she recognised two of them. It
was Gina from class and her little sister, Wendy.

"Mom, can I go and say hi to some friends?" asked Trine.

"Ask you dad, he is in charge now!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer. Her husband just nodded
and she ran over to the girls.

"Hi Gina! Looks good, huh?" she said pointing to the pits. Gina had already been
to several of these parties and Trine really wanted to look experienced too.

"Oh, hi Trine!" said Gina and immediately laughed, pointing at Trine's tagged
ear "Hi hi hi, you really ARE a first timer, aren't you?"

Trine looked at Gina and her sister. They and their three friends were all
naked. Gina was tagged in the pussy lip and the others in the nipples.

"Oh, yeah, well my mom insisted that I kept this on until we got inside!" lied
Trine, laughing light-heartedly herself "I guess I can take it off now!"

"I guess!" snorted Gina, not believing her at all but deciding to give her a
break. Trine quickly shed her top and pulled down her pants. She just carelessly
dropped her garments on the lawn. Then she unclipped the tag from her ear and
paused a second with it in her hand. Pussy or nipple, she thought?

"Here, I'll help you!" offered Gina and took the clip. Trine made a quick choice
and lifted up her left tit in one hand to present the nipple to Gina. In a snap
she was tagged like her mom had been. The clip's small metal teeth bore into her
sensitive nipple but she was determined to ignore it for now. In a matter of
seconds, the pain resided almost completely.

"So, eh... what should we...!" started Trine and tried to spark conversation
when she was suddenly interrupted by Gina's dad who came over.

"Gina and Wendy, your mother needs you over by the soup pots!" commanded their
father and ushered them along. They sighed and followed him, leaving Trine alone
again. The three friends tagged along with Gina and her family.



"Trine, good girl!" smiled her mother when she walked back to their table, "I
see you decided to give up the 'cow' look!"

Trine didn't answer but just smiled back. Her dad was already sitting with a
beer and talked to the guys by the neighbouring table. Somehow, she was not
surprised to see that one of the men's wife was sitting between her husband's
legs and eagerly sucked his dick. They all laughed when he came and spluttered
cum all over her mouth and face. She just stood up again and let one of the
other men's wife wipe her face clean with a tissue.

"Having fun already?" laughed a voice behind Trine suddenly. Trine turned around
and saw Mr. Malcolm, Christina's dad. Behind him, carrying table and chairs,
came Mrs. Malcolm and Christina.

"Hi Trine!" smiled Christina and hugged her friend. Trine suddenly felt good
again. Christina was naked and tagged in the nipple too. Both she and her mother
had very large tits, at least DD, but of course Christina's stood out a bit
firmer than her mother's.

"Hi Chrissie, am I glad to see you!" Trine almost laughed with relief. The two
families put their tables together on the lawn. The wine came out and soon
enough they were all a bit tipsy in the summer heat. Trine and Christina were
allowed to drink a few glasses as well and it helped them loosen up a bit.

"So, uh... do you know how this works?" asked Christina and held out her tag. It
read number 00348 in large black letters. Trine was number 00237.

"Actually no! Does it mean anything?" said Trine. She hadn't even thought about
the numbers they carried.

"Oh yes it does!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm and sipped her wine "They are your call
numbers! If they run out of voluntary meat at any of the cooking stations, they
will draft some girls to fill in as needed! You'll hear it in the speakers as we
go along!"

"Oh shit! So we all risk being ... cooked?" asked Trine. She had thought only
volunteers were actually killed.

"Of course, dear! That's part of the excitement!" laughed her mom.

"Yeah, and then there's also always the chance that WE might volunteer you!"
laughed Christina's dad and pulled Christina's nipple-tag teasingly. Christina
pulled back a bit and tried to laugh too.



"Mom... I mean, daddy, can we go and see what else if happening?" asked Trine
and stood up with Christina.

"Sure you can, honey!" smiled Mr. Bremmer "Just be back here in half an hour so
we can eat together, right?"

"Promise!" yelled Trine as they already walked briskly away from the table. They
decided to go over to the barbeque pits first to see if anyone was cooking
already. The lawn had filled up with people and their view from the table to the
pits was blocked now. When they made their way between tables and rugs they saw
that dinner was already in full preparation. Four girls were turning over the
hot coals and women stood around them and basted them with BBQ sauce. They were
all spitted from cunt through mouth and they were clearly all still roasting
alive.

"My God! Just look at them!" exclaimed Trine and held a hand to her mouth. Two
of the women were about the age of their mothers and the other two were
teenagers like themself. Their eyes darted around, sweat ran down their
foreheads and they all wriggled and moaned as the heat made their meat sizzle
and sputter.

"Hi Trine! Hi Christina!" yelled a girl's voice somewhere near. Trine turned
around and saw Joanne, their classmate on the other side of the roasting girls.
They waved and hurried between the hot pits over to her.

"So, are you going over the coals too?" asked Joanne. She was a long, slender
blonde with small firm tits and a perfectly round ass.

"Uh, ehhh, are YOU going to be roasted?" asked Trine. She noticed that Joanne's
mom stood right behind her and talked to a man in a chef's apron.

"Yes, well, daddy 'volunteered' mommy and me so...!" smiled Joanne and sighed.

"But... oh, okay! When are you...?" asked Christina but she got her answer
straight away as Joanne's mom came over.

"Joanne, dear, they are ready for us now!" she said "I have arranged for us to
be cooked on pits 7 and 8 so we will be right next to each other!"

"That's nice!" smiled Joanne "Sorry girls, I gotta go and get 'the ultimate
fuck' now so I guess this is goodbye!"

"Good luck!" smiled Trine and hugged Joanne. Christina kissed her on the cheek.

"We should be ready in an hour or so!" said Joanne's mom to Trine "If you want
to get a piece of your friend later!"

"Uh, thanks! And good luck, Mrs. Henderson!" said Trine and waved as they walked
with the chef over to a wooden table. The girls watched from a small distance as
the two talked briefly to the chef, then to each other. They must have agreed on
who went first because suddenly Joanne leaned over the table, spread her legs
wide and pushed her round ass up in the air. Her mother held her head down while
the chef slowly pushed a long metal spit all the way through her slender body.
As it emerged from her mouth she convulsed a few times but then relaxed. The
chef and Mrs. Henderson tied her arms and legs around the metal pole and let two
other men carry her over to the pit. Mrs. Henderson went with them and lovingly
caressed her daughters roasting body with a first layer of BBQ sauce. Then she
gave the basting brush to another woman and returned to the chef to get herself
spitted.

"We have two more pits open, girls!" said a man behind them suddenly and grabbed
Christina's large tits in both hands only to squeeze them lightly "I'm sure
these will be great when roasted!"

"Glp, uh, no thanks, we were just watching a friend!" smiled Christina and
turned around. The man, also in chef's apron, let go of her tits and shrugged
his shoulders. Two young women immediately ran over to him and asked to fill the
open pits instead.

"Phew, I doubt they will need to draft anyone today!" sighed Christina as they
walked away from the pits. There was already a small group of girls who waited
for the first roasters to finish cooking so they could take their places.

"I hope you're right!" smiled Trine.  Just behind the roasting pits were the
soup pots. The girls wanted to see those too and walked briskly over there. Five
large pots were simmering with clear soup. Two were empty still but the other
three were full of action. Two girls or women sat in each pot and their friends
stood around them and chatted, sometimes bringing over more cut vegetables to
drop down to them. In the third pot the soup was boiling heavily and the two
teenage girls were already goners. Their heads rested over the side of the pot
while their bodies bobbed up and down in the inferno of scolding broth. Steam
came out of their mouths and nostrils and their meat had a beautiful rose
colour.

"Looks like it is not as popular as the pits!" said Trine and nodded at one of
the chefs catering for the pots. He walked from one girl to the other around the
pots and asked if they would like to be soup. All shook their heads and he
looked quite frustrated.

"Yeah, I guess it's not as exciting, is it?" laughed Christina. Just then the
loudspeaker jumped to life and everybody tried to listen through the static and
noise.

"WILL MEAT NUMBER 00398, 00113, 00643 AND 00557 PLEASE REPORT TO THE SOUP POTS
IMMEDIATELY FOR PROCESSING! THANK YOU!"

All the girls around them hurriedly checked their tags, including Trine and
Christina who had long forgotten what their numbers were. They sighed with
relief. A teenager next to them gave a small scream and her friends smiled and
took her over to the chef. He immediately asked her to climb into one of the
empty pots and soon after they were both filled with drafted meat. They all took
it in good spirit though and the draftee's families all came over and stood by
the pots with their drinks to watch them slowly boil. One mother even asked to
join her daughter in the pot and was allowed to take the place of a teenage
girl. Everybody laughed as the girl, who thought she was saved, was carried over
to the pot with the boiling soup. The two occupants had been removed and put on
serving trays and the chef unceremoniously dropped the screaming girl into the
soup where she perished in a matter of a few screaming seconds.



"Uh uh, we should head back now!" said Trine suddenly; fearing that the half
hour had long passed. They hurried past the pits again where Joanne and her
mother were browning up nicely.

"There you are girls!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm "We thought we might have found you
on a serving tray somewhere!"

"Yes, that would have been a nice surprise!" laughed her husband. Trine's dad
laughed too.

"Sorry we're late!" said Trine "We watched Joanne from our class and her mom
getting spitted! They are roasting just now!"

"Oh, that's so sweet! Mother and daughter going together!" sighed Mrs. Malcolm
and looked dreamingly at Christina. Mr. Malcolm smiled and looked from one to
the other. Christina had no doubt that he too found the thought exciting. She
decided not to comment right now. It might just encourage them to do something
stupid.

"Yes, well... stop dreaming you two and let's get something to eat!" said
Trine's dad and got up. They all grabbed their plates and headed for the
barbeque pits again. Up there, three girls had been taken off the fire and put
on one of the long wooden tables. A male chef used a meat cleaver to chop off
heads, arms, legs and ribs while six women volunteered to stand behind the table
and cut slices of meat off the parts. The line of hungry guests quickly grew
long behind them.

"Exciting in a weird way, isn't it?" giggled Trine and pointed to a tray with
the three chopped off girls' heads standing on their severed necks. Their eyes
were half closed and steam still escaped their lips.

"I know!!!" smiled Christina and rocked the head of a teenage brunette slightly
by the hair. That caused the girl's mother's head, leaning up against her
daughter's head, to fell over on her cheek. Trine and Christina giggled
hysterically while they tried to balance the heads again. The chef looked at
them disapprovingly and the girls hurried down to the tables with their filled
plates.

"Uhmmm, this is REALLY good!" said Mrs. Bremmer, her mouth full of juicy meat
from a rump steak. The families sat and enjoyed their dinner in the shade of the
tree. Trine had a piece of thigh from some girls she didn't know. Joanne and her
mother were not ready yet when they were served. They all had more wine and got
a bit drunk again.



"We should all go down and see the entertainment area now!" suggested Mrs.
Malcolm when they had finished eating. Trine and Christina thought that was a
great idea and led the way. Brent was not to be found. Mrs. Bremmer said she had
seen him with some teenage girl half an hour ago.

"We might find him down there!" said Mr. Bremmer and walked with the others.
Down in the bottom of the large gardens they found the entertainment area.
Booths and shops had been set up in a short alley and the whole thing resembled
a travelling amusement park. More people were crowded down there than up by the
pits and pots. Music flowed from the different stalls and people were called to
the attractions by men with megaphones.

"Oh look! Real guillotines!" said Mrs. Bremmer and they all went over to the
nearest attraction. Four guillotines were set up facing each other in a small
square. Three were already occupied by women kneeling on the grass and with
their necks held down by the wooden board. They could stare each other right in
the eyes, not separated by more that three feet. As the families watched a
fourth girl, obviously the little sister of one of the women already strapped
down, filled the last place under the blades.

"Ladies and Gentlemen! Get ready and ... GOOooo!!!" yelled the booth attendant
and span a large wheel-of-fortune next to the guillotines around. Trine noticed
the cables which led from behind the wheel somewhere to each of the guillotines.
The idea was simple enough. One of the four blades would be released when the
wheel stopped but none of the girls under them would know which one before they
saw a head drop ... or dropped their own!

"TAK TAK Tak tak ... tak... tak ... ... tak ... ... ...tk!"

All the guests around the attraction held their breath as the wheel slowed down.
It went just past number one and onto number four. A sharp CLICK! broke the
silence and a dramatic WHOOSH... CHNK! followed as one of the blades dropped
fast. Four girls started to scream loud and one, the last arriving girl, was
abruptly cut off as her head tumbled down in the grass. Blood spurted from her
severed neck and sprayed all over her sister's face a few feet away. Her body
spasmed and almost rose to its knees before it fell over and jittered slowly on
the lawn next to the guillotine.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, let us thank this young lady for her contribution to the
Rotary Club today!" yelled the man and held the young blonde's head up high for
all to see. Her eyes rolled up just then and her tongue hang out of her open
mouth. Everybody clapped their hands and cheered. The three lucky ladies were
released and ran excitedly back to their husbands to get hugged. Meanwhile, the
decapitated body was strung up behind the booth and a butcher started to clean
out the carcass. Her head joined a dozen others in a metal bin next to the
guillotines. Christina noticed several other headless bodies hanging by hooks in
the ankles in a nearby tent. She shuddered but also felt a strange sensual
tingle through her body.



The familles walked on as already more girls lined up for the guillotines. Next
door was a shooting range with bow and arrows. The targets were three girls.
They walked, ran and jumped back and forth down by a wooden wall, some fifty
metres from the shooters. All tried desperately to avoid the swishing arrows
aimed at them.

"Stay alive for fifteen minutes and walk away!" proclaimed a sign over the
booth. The families stayed a while but none of the shooters could make a hit and
one by one the girls were released again.

"This looks easy!" smiled Christina.

"Oh, wanna try?" asked her dad and pushed her forward towards the attendant.

"No noo! DAD! Stop it!" yelled Christina and he let her go, laughing.

"Now now, dear! Let her go!" commanded Mrs. Malcolm "I am sure they can decide
for themself which one they want to try!"

"Uhm, none I think!" laughed Trine.

"Oh, no girls! While you were gone we decided that you both had to try at least
ONE activity down here... as a punishment for coming back late!" smiled Trine's
mom and the others nodded.

"WHAT? But we might...?" protested Trine.

"We know! You can also just say no and then let your fathers 'volunteer' you
both to the cooks right now!" continued her mother and crossed her arms over her
large breasts.

"Uhm, okay then... I guess!" sighed Christina. Trine just nodded and looked
cross. They all walked on and passed other booths which offered electrocution,
drowning in large glass tanks and old fashioned hanging from gallows.

"What do you think?" whispered Trine to her friend. The two walked a few feet
behind their parents down the alley.

"I am not sure!" sighed Trine "It looks like they all offer a one-in-four of
kicking it!"

"Yeah! I guess it's more a question of choosing how we wanna go if we go!"

"Hm... the electrocution looked kind of... nice!" giggled Trine. They had all
witnessed the girls in the four chairs orgasm over and over again as the current
was increased... right until one of them was fried altogether.

"I agree!" laughed Christina "But I still think I can outrun those arrows better
than most and I think there's less than one in four who snuffs it in that
particular game!"

"Okay, who'll go first?" asked Trine but didn't wait for an answer "I don't
mind!"

"Well, you're up then!" smiled Christina and gave her friend a big hug. They ran
up to their parents to announce their choices.

"What wonderful ideas, girls!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer "Come on, then! To the
electrocution tent it is!"

Trine walked briskly in front and reported herself to the female attendant at
the booth.

"Sure, there's one more free space for next run in ...ohh... fifteen minutes or
so!" she said and looked back at four girls who all moaned and writhed in the
chairs. Family and friends cheered them from the counter line.

"Uhm, excuse me!" asked Mrs. Bremmer from behind "I am her mother! Is there a
chance that we can reserve cuts of her meat in case she... snuffs it?"

"MOM!!!" Trine was shocked "Please... I'm not going to...!"

"Absolutely, let me take down her number and write a note!" smiled the woman,
ignoring Trine's protests. She grabbed her tag and wrote her number down on a
small form.

"...and which cuts would you like us to put aside?" she asked.

"Oh, her tits, for sure!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and waited for the woman to write
it down "And I guess a rump roast and her cunt fillet!"

"Consider it done!" smiled the woman and filed the note in a drawer behind the
counter. Trine gave her mother an evil look.

"There now, honey, it's just in case! We wouldn't want you to snuff it without
us getting something back, right?"

"Right... thanks I guess!" mumbled Trine. This was getting too weird. The woman
told Trine to come inside and wait. She hugged both her parents and Christina
again and hurried in under the counter. She was led around the back where three
other girls were already waiting their turn. My competition, thought Trine.

"Hey! Hi Trine!" smiled one of them, a platin blonde with paige cut hair. Trine
froze. It was Gina again. She would be up against Gina, of all girls.

"Hi again, Gina!" replied Trine and put on her false smile. Gina looked SO
confident about herself. She stood and told the other two, a couple of cousins
their own age, how she had tried this one three times last year and how great it
was to see your competitors fry next to you. Trine kept quiet. She tried to
collect her strength for the electrocution.

"Girls, rub this all over you, and inside both holes!" commanded the woman
suddenly and pointed to a bucket with a translucent gel in it.

"This is the conducting cream!" explained Gina as they all started to rub it
over themselves. Trine watched the others and also reluctantly put some on her
fingers and rubbed it up into her pussy and ass. A few minutes later they were
all glistening in the sun behind the tent. Suddenly they heard a lot of people
applauding and cheering. They waited while three heavily sweating girls stumbled
out past them and almost collapsed on the grass ... all while laughing and
grinning wildly to each other. Just as the woman called for Trine and the others
to come in, a man in a white butcher's apron came out with the body of the
fourth girl over his shoulder. Her eyes were empty, her body and face drenched
in sweat and she had smoke coming out of both mouth and ass.

"Just the encouragement we needed!" shuddered one of the brunette cousins. The
other grinned nervously. Gina just smiled confidently as always and led the way
into the front tent with the chairs. Trine began to think that the arrows
perhaps weren't a bad choice after all... only a bit too late for that now!
Sigh!

"Please be seated, girls!" instructed the friendly lady as they walked into the
display area. The four chairs were all-metal, dentist-looking things with head-,
arm- and foot-rests. Trine looked out towards the audience. Lots of people stood
and cheered there, all watching in fascination as the girls took their places.
Trine saw her family and Christina too among the people in the front. They all
smiled and waved.

"Here, let me help you!" offered the lady as Trine lowered herself down into one
of the middle chairs. Two metal rods poking out of the seat had to go into ass
and cunt. Trine moaned a little as she wriggled her ass down over them and let
them slip into her full length. They felt huge inside her and stretched her to
the max. She looked left at one of the cousins who had problems fitting it all
in. The lady smiled, walked over and grabbed the girl's hips and pushed her all
the way down in the seat. The girl screamed briefly and the audience laughed and
clapped at her. Trine didn't want that humiliation and made sure her ass was
pressed all the way down in the seat. She looked right and straight into the
calm, smiling face of Gina. Trine smiled back. Gina was a big show-off and
purposefully wriggled her ass a few times up and down the metal rods. The
audience laughed and cheered at her sexy movements and she took it all in.

"And now for the wiring!" smiled the lady and began to attach red electrical
wires to the cousin to Trine's left. Then Trine was connected. The woman removed
her tag and attached wires with small alligator clamps to both nipples. A third
wire was painfully clamped directly onto her clit. Trine wanted to scream but
bit her tongue. She looked at Gina who pretended to enjoy the wiring process.
When the last girl was wired up, the woman strapped the girls' arms and legs
down with leather straps. A metal collar locked to the chair's headrest was
snapped shut around their necks. Trine felt very helpless now. She could only
move her hips up and down over the metal rods, and either spread or close her
thighs. All other movement was restricted.

"Okay girls, ladies and gentlemen! You all know the routine, but here are the
rules just in case!" shouted the woman and stepped back from the chairs "Current
will soon flow through your bodies in pulses of varying intensity and frequency!
It is designed to cause you to orgasm and to inflict pain! The system has a
feedback loop so that whoever of you gets more pleasure and orgasms from a
higher voltage will determine the level of the next pulses for all of you! The
result is an ever increasing power feed until the weakest of you is fried! As
soon as a death occurs the system shuts down automatically! A word of strategic
advice: Try to cum as hard and fearlessly as you can so that your weaker
opponents will kick it sooner rather than later! We DO sometimes experience that
two or more girls are fried in one run when the competition drags on for more
than twenty minutes!"

The audience stirred a bit at that. The woman smiled and continued:

"Having said that, we almost never fry all four girls ... almost never! Good
luck!"

The audience broke out in laughter at the last comment. Trine knew she was
probably only joking but somehow didn't find it too funny. Gina, of course, was
all laughs!



"CLACK!" Trine heard the sharp snap as the woman pulled the heavy circuit
breaker switch on the pole behind them. A tingling sensation began immediately
in her tits, then her clit and finally she also felt the pulses of current
inside her cunt and ass. The first few minutes were marvellous. Trine leaned her
head back, closed her eyes and almost involuntarily started to slide her hips up
and down the metal rods. Suddenly Gina moaned very high and Trine guessed she
must have orgasmed first. The feedback loop reacted promptly, sending more
powerful surges through the girls' bodies.

"Mmmgnnhhh...ahhh!" Trine couldn't hold back anymore and orgasmed right there.
The circuit again turned up the voltage. Pain was becoming more dominant now but
Trine was still enjoying the ride. She could feel her tits and cunt was
beginning to warm up inside because of the resistance to the current. She was no
longer able to hear the other girls or follow who had orgasms when. In a long
time, nothing happened. The voltage stayed the same and all four girls were
slowly fried from the inside. Suddenly, Trine had the strangest vision of her
own tits being served on a tray for her family. She became unexpectedly aroused
by the thought and was overwhelmed by a powerful orgasm again. The voltage was
turned up and the girls were literally jumping up and down their seats as much
as the restraints would allow them to. People were cheering and Trine managed to
catch glimpses of her family waving and shouting at her. Suddenly, it all
stopped. Trine slumped in her seat and fainted for a few seconds. Someone threw
water at her face and undid her leather restraints. She could barely walk out
herself and had to lie down in the grass behind the tent afterwards. She could
hear voices. The cousins' voices! Trine sat up and smiled at the two sweaty
girls next to her.

"So... miss know-it-all finally snuffed it?" asked Trine. The cousins nodded and
they all broke out in laughter.

"That was amazing!" said one of the girls "I'll go again for sure as soon as I
catch my breath!"

Her cousin laughed but had to agree. It had been absolutely fantastic.

"Hey Trine, you made it!"

It was Christina who had run around the back to get her. Trine stood up and
hugged her friend tightly.

"Wow, your tits are almost cooked!" laughed Christina as they broke their
embrace. She could feel them burn her own bosom.

"I know!" smiled Trine and felt them. They were very warm to the touch and felt
strangely sensitive. Just then a butcher carried out Gina's body. If Trine was
half cooked, Gina was well done! Her tits had boiled over through the nipples
and meat sauce oozed out of them. Smoke came out of her open mouth as her meat
was dumped onto half a dozen other bodies lying in a pile in the back of a
pickup truck. "Hill's Meat" said the text on the side.

"Good riddance with her!" laughed Christina "That brat!"

"Hang on, I need a quick shower!" smiled Trine and joined the two cousins under
an intermittent outdoor shower head behind the tent. It felt good to wash off
the sticky mix of conductive cream and sweat. Christina handed her a towel and
helped her get ready again.

"Maybe we'll see you here again soon!?" smiled one of the cousins as they said
goodbye.

Trine just laughed and hurried with Christina out to their parents again.



"Well done, honey!" smiled Trine's dad and hugged her when she came out with
Christina.

"Yes, really a good show!" laughed Mr. Malcolm.

"Too bad for that nice girl from you class... what was her name?" asked Mrs.
Bremmer.

"Gina! No, it's ok. She deserved it!" smiled Trine and turned to Christina
"Well, girlfriend, your turn!"

"I know!" sighed Christina and led the way over to the other side of the alley
to the shooting tent. Somehow, its popularity had grown in the last hour. Scores
of men and women were standing there armed with bows and a handful of arrows and
screams from desperate girls could be heard from the back wall.

"I guess you just join the line!" said Trine and pointed at the ten or so girls
and women who waited by the side entrance to the tent. Christina nodded and
waited behind the last woman in the line. A man came out and took her tag. He
also tied her and the other girls' hands behind their backs with steel wire.
From Christina's position almost behind the tent she couldn't see how it was
going for the girls inside. Suddenly a bell rang and people cheered loud and
clapped. One girl, all out of breath, came stumbling out of the tent. Then two
men carried each a dead girl out ... arrows sticking out of their chests, necks,
thighs and tummies.

"Who wants to go next?" asked a woman and looked at the girls. Christina first
thought she had to wait her turn but when no-one reacted she stepped forward and
smiled. The woman grabbed her tied arms and pulled her aside. Two other teenage
girls were asked to come with her. They didn't look as if it was their own idea
to do this.

"Okay girls, here are the rules!" explained the woman as she led them down to
the end wall. The wooden plates were full of holes and splattered with blood in
places.

"You do whatever you want down here, except lie down or crouch! You stay by the
wall and inside the lines painted on the floor! If you less that critically
wounded in fifteen minutes you can walk! If you are seriously wounded we kill
you off afterwards and claim your meat! In case of a clean kill that can be
assigned to one arrow, the shooter wins your meat! Understand?"

"Uhm, yes!" mumbled Christina. The other two nodded and looked very frightened.

"When the bell rings, the shooting begins! Oh, and if you step outside the
markings on the floor we will claim your meat and sent you to the cooking area
for immediate processing!"

With that, she left the girls standing alone. Christina saw her father and Mr.
Bremmer had both armed themself with bows. Her mother waved from behind her
husband. Christina smiled back... oh shit, this is it!



"DONGGggg...!" the bell sounded and the first two arrows swished right past
Christina. She didn't even have time to react. She started running to the other
end of the lane, almost colliding with one of the other girls. Arrows kept
coming fast and the wall was soon strutting with them. The points were sharp,
formed like a cross of razor blades. Deep penetrating, thought Christina. Just
as she faced one of the other girls, the brunette took an arrow through the left
thigh. She fell screaming to the ground and the shooters cheered. Christina kept
moving but the girl was not able to get up. She stood on her knees and moaned.
Then her body was pierced by four arrows almost simultaneously. Most went
straight through her torso, sticking out on both sides. The girl's face went
pale and she fell over on her tummy. That caused everybody to cheer again and
there was a short break in the rain of deadly arrows aimed at the remaining two
girls. Christina told herself to keep moving despite the relatively calm
situation. The other girl was not that thoughtful. She stared paralysed on her
dead friend's body on the floor and soon after her own tummy was penetrated by
an arrow. The girl sank down but fought to get up again and move around. Blood
trickled down her belly and legs but she managed to produce a difficult target
still. After what seemed like an eternity the bell finally sounded again.
Christina relaxed and the surviving girl let her body slump on the floor.

"I am sorry, girl, we'll have to finish you here!" smiled the woman as the
kneeled by the wounded girl "Any last words for your parents out there?"

"Uhm, yes... I guess... could you wait for them to come?" asked the girl and
looked pleadingly at the woman.

"Sure! Come with me out back! We'll cut your throat out there with them
present!"

"Thank you...uunghh!" whimpered the girl and limped after the woman. Christina
went with them. She was fascinated to the brink of being aroused by this scene.
Outside, the girl's parents waited. They congratulated her with her brave
performance after the hit.

"Sir, would you like to do the honour?" asked the woman kindly and handed the
father a long sleek knife.

"Oh, I would... if you don't mind, honey?" he replied and looked at his
daughter.

"No no, go ahead and do me!" sighed the girl and smiled at her mom. The mother
kissed her goodbye and whispered to her that she would go and join the next lot
of girls in a few minutes. The girl smiled at that ... the suddenly her face
twisted in horror as her father grabbed her head from behind and slit her throat
in one long, deep cut. Blood oozed out of the cut and her father slit a few more
times until her head almost tilted all the way back. Her body spasmed a few
times and then slumped on the grass.

"Thank you very much!" smiled the father and gave the knife back to the lady.

"Yes, really! That was kind of you!" added his wife "Any chance I can go in the
next round?"

"Of course, Ms! Follow me!"

"Are you going to shoot again, dear?" asked the wife and looked lovingly at her
husband.

"I wouldn't miss it, meat girl!" he laughed "... or you!"



A man came and released Christina's hands again and clipped her nipple tag back
on. Just then, Trine and the others came and found her.

"You were NOT an easy target!" laughed Mr. Bremmer and grabbed Christina's large
tits to demonstrate "Despite these obvious target dishes!"

Everyone laughed, even Christina. She and Trine had gotten used to being
referred to as nothing but meat and didn't protest any more.

"It's weird!" said Trine to her friend as they moved along the alley again "I am
actually beginning to enjoy this sort of party... even if we risk... you know,
snuffing it!"

"I know what you mean!" giggled Christina "How was it to almost cook?"

"Incredibly exciting!" admitted Trine and felt her tits again. They still
tingled with the sensation of having been heated from the inside.

"Just imagine what being roasted must feel like then!" smiled Christina.

"I know!!! It must be... ultimate!" sighed Trine "But we're not going to, are
we?"

"Mmm, guess not!" grinned Christina. She didn't sound too sure, though. The
girls exchanged looks again but didn't speak about it anymore. They were both a
bit afraid of what it might lead to.

"What do you say we all go and get some more to eat?" suggested Mr. Malcolm and
turned around to face the girls.

"Good idea!" said Trine. She was actually feeling hungry again after all the
efforts in the electric chair "Hey, did anyone see Brent anywhere?"

"Oh yes, he was with a group of friends he had met from school! He stayed and
watched you in the electric chair but went along with them afterwards!" smiled
her mother "I think they wanted to hang two of the girls he was with ...
something about a silly bet!"

"That figures!" sighed Trine. She was suddenly embarrassed that her own brother
had seen her orgasm in the chair, but decided to push him out of her mind. At
least he was not around to annoy her and spoil this beautiful day.



"Oh, hello Liz!" yelled Mrs. Bremmer suddenly on their way up to the tables
again. Mrs. Jameson was walking with three other women and they looked quite
stressed.

"How is everything going?" asked Mrs. Bremmer when they got closer "We are
having a wonderful time!"

"Oh good! Glad to hear it!" said Mrs. Jameson "Uhm, to be truthful, the thing is
we have a bit of a problem coming up now!"

"Really? Anything we can do?" asked Mrs. Malcolm. Mrs. Jameson frowned her eyes
and sighed.

"Well, it seems this party is getting more popular than we expected! There are
some seven hundred people here now and more keep arriving all the time! I have
just been told that four large busses with families from the Grawson Foundation
are on their way! We really could use their support but...!"

"Oh my! And the food will run out, you think?" asked Mrs. Bremmer.

"I am sure it will! They will of course bring meat themself but we need to get
something cooking now for when they arrive!" said Mrs. Jameson.

"Yes, we need at least another forty girls to report to the chefs in the next
hour!" added one of the other women Liz was with "I am going down to the
entertainment area now to get my two daughters!"

"You mean... you are all volunteering?" asked Mrs. Malcolm. All three women
behind Mrs. Jameson nodded. Two of them would be donating their daughters as
well.

"That is... is they haven't already snuffed it down there!" laughed one of them
and pointed down the hill. The row of five gallows was visible behind the tents
and girls were swinging from the ropes as they spoke.

"Why don't you just draft some meat using the loudspeakers?" asked Mrs. Malcolm.

"Oh, we could do that, I guess! But forty is a lot and I really would prefer to
cook volunteers rather than draftees!"

"I guess it would be rather embarrassing for you, Liz, if your guests had to go
hungry!" said Mrs. Bremmer "Would it help if I volunteered too?"

"Oh dearest! That would be wonderful!" smiled Mrs. Jameson. Trine dropped her
jaw.

"Well, can I honey?" asked her mom and looked at Mr. Bremmer.

"Of course you can, dear!"

Mr. Malcolm immediately stepped forward too.

"I am sure my wife can help as well!" he said. Mrs. Malcolm smiled and nodded
eagerly.

"That is so nice of you! Would you mind helping out preparing some of the
younger meat first, though, up by the barbeque pits?" asked Mrs. Jameson "We
will go and recruit some more meat and send it up your way!"

"Of course not! We'll be glad to help!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer.



"MOM! I can't believe you just did that!!!" said Trine as they continued up the
hill towards the barbeque pits "You're really going to be ... cooked!"

"Why yes, dear! It is the least we can do for Liz ... after all, it has been a
great party and I would hate to see her embarrassed because of meat shortage!"

"Uh...I guess you're right!" mumbled Trine. Her dad suddenly walked up to her
and grabbed both her tits between his hands from behind. Trine didn't resist.
She had gotten used to being grabbed by people now.

"What do you say we bring these onto the menu as well!" he grinned.

"Uhm, I don't know...!" stuttered Trine, suddenly afraid that it wasn't really a
question.

"Don't worry dear! We wouldn't force you to do it!" smiled her mom. They were
almost up by the pits now.

"But if you decide to volunteer we will not only allow it... we would be very
proud too!"

"Okay, thanks ... I guess!" smiled Trine and relaxed a bit.

Up by the pits only two women were slowly turning over the fire. They were
already well done and would be served soon. Mrs. Bremmer and Mrs. Malcolm
reported themself to the two chefs and were immediately put to work mixing new
basting sauce and cutting vegetables. Trine and Christina grabbed a plate each
and had some slices of meat from the serving table. They stayed by the pits and
talked about what they should do next.

"Girls, come over here!" yelled Mrs. Malcolm. They walked over to her. She was
helping hold down the head of a woman her own age while a chef was jamming the
spit through her.

"Girls, why don't you go down and find Brent and ask him to bring some of the
girls he was with up here for roasting!" suggested Mrs. Malcolm. The woman
gurgled as the spit came out of her mouth.

"Okay, we can do that!" agreed Trine "Uhm, when do you think you and mom are
going over the fire?"

"Oh, not in another hour, I think!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm as she tied the woman's
arms together "Unless the chefs need more meat urgently! We'll see!"

"Okay, see you later!" said Christina and turned around.



The girls quickly ran down the hill. They were happy to be down in the alley
again. So much fun went on down there and lots of young people hung out there
too. They didn't find Brent right away but had fun watching the entertainment.

"Hey look! They cook down here too!" said Christina suddenly and pointed to a
kebab place. Three young girls were spitted on vertical spits. Their bodies
slowly rotated in front of an oven, roasting them to a perfect brown. As the
girls watched with fascination a father came over with his teenage daughter. She
was a freckled, petite redhead with small tits.

"Hi there, can you use some meat?" he asked the kebab operator.

"Sure can, sir! Bring her in!" he replied and opened the counter lid.

"Go on, Lindsay!" smiled her father and patted her bottom lovingly "It'll be
just like your sister up at the barbie!"

"But... you promised we would wait for mommy so we could go together!" whined
the girl and looked pleadingly at her dad.

"I know, dear, but she is still waiting for a turn at the gallows and she really
wants to try it before she roasts! I promise, I'll bring her over in half an
hour!"

"But then I might be... dead!" she sniffed.

"No no, we'll keep you alive on the spit for at least an hour!" chipped in the
kebab man and took her arm "Come along! It is a slow roast and we need to get
you on now!"

The girl quickly kissed her father and went with the man. The father didn't even
wait to watch as she was lowered onto a new spit and placed next to the other
three girls. The man stuck a tomato onto the tip of the spit and pressed it down
to her mouth before he switched the power on and started roasting her. The
girl's eyes darted around and she moved her hips up and down the spit when the
heat hit her freckled skin. Her low moans were muffled by the tomato.

"That looked sort of fun!" giggled Christina as they continued on.

"It did, didn't it!" grinned Trine "Wanna go?"

"I just might!" joked Christina. She was incredibly aroused now. She knew that
if Trine suggested they let themself cook now, she would go for it. But Trine
didn't and she herself was too scared to ask.

"There's Brent, over there by the beer tent!" said Trine and pointed to their
right. Brent was with three other guys and a handful of girls from his class.
Trine knew most of their faces from school. One of them was Maria, the Spanish
girl who had dated Brent some time ago.

"Hi Trine! Christina!" said Brent and waved them over. They occupied a table
outside the beer tent. Two of the girls were on their knees under the table,
obviously giving their boyfriends a blowjob. Maria was standing behind Brent,
massaging his shoulders. She smiled kindly at Trine.

"Hi Brent!" said Trine. She immediately felt shy again with his prying eyes
ogling her naked body, but she resisted the urge to cover herself with her
hands. That would have been just silly now.

"What are you guys doing?"

"Oh, just relaxing a bit! We had fun with the girls down at the gallows and they
all needed something for their throat after that!"

They all laughed. Trine noticed how all the girls had red marks from the ropes
around their throats.

"Uhm, okay! Mom actually sent me to ask if ...eh, if any of your girl friends
would like to volunteer for the spits up there!" Trine felt strange asking such
a question. She explained how badly Mrs. Jameson needed more meat.

"Hm, did YOU two volunteer?" asked Brent matter-of-factly and sipped his beer.

"Eh, no... b-but mom and Mrs. Malcolm did!" stuttered Trine.

"Really? Well, good on them! What do you say, Jim, should we donate some meat?"

Jim, his friend, nodded in agreement and so did the other two boys.

"Hey, how about asking us?" protested Maria and crossed her arms over her ample
breasts.

"How about that?" grinned Brent "Remember your parents gave us authority over
your meat? Besides, I am sure your moms and dads won't disagree with our
decision!"

"Well, my mom is already roasting up there!" smiled another girl and climbed up
from under the table "and I sort of promised her I would volunteer if needed,
so...!"

"Yeah, I'm in too!" chirped a young blonde girl as she wiped cum off her lips.
The remaining two nodded as well.

"Okay then, but you could still have asked...!" mumbled Maria. Brent just
grinned and gave her a kiss.

"I'll have to go and tell mommy, though!" sighed Maria and turned to walk away.
Two other girls went with her to break the news to their parents too. They all
agreed to come back in a few minutes.

"Yow Brent! Do you mind if I use your sis for relief? I don't think there'll be
time to fuck Jana when she comes back!" It was Jim, Brent's tall friend. Trine
frowned and was about to protest but Brent cut her of.

"I think that's a reasonable request, considering Jim here donates his
girlfriend's meat for a good cause!" smiled Brent "Trine, help Jim out here!"

"WHAT? I am not your sex slave...!" started Trine, but Brent just leaned back.

"Well, then I am afraid the girls are not going anywhere!"

"Come on, Trine!" smiled Christina "We promised my mom we would get the girls!"

"On second thought, I'd rather have her friend!" grinned Jim and got up. The
grabbed Christina by the hair and forced her down on her knees. Before she had a
moment to react his rod was in her mouth and he was banging her throat hard
while holding her head in both hands. She almost choked on him but tried to
relax her phalanx to make it less rough.

"Very well, I'll have you then!" laughed Brent and grabbed his sister's head.
Trine gave up resisting and just sank down on her knees next to Christina. Her
brother's dick tasted slightly acid. He had probably just banged Maria before
this, thought Trine and eyed Christina next to her. She was into it now and
eagerly swallowed Jim's meat while fondling her pussy with one hand. Trine
decided she might as well enjoy herself too and slowly let her head sink into
Brent's groin. He caught the message and grabbed her head tight so he could
properly bang her throat. Trine's left hand found her clit and she started to
work herself up to an orgasm.

"Uuunghhhh...oooOOhhh!!!" she moaned as the waves of pleasure flooded her entire
body. Brent hadn't shot his load yet but pulled out his dick for a second to let
her breathe. Trine had never been this horny. She needed to be filled... fast!

"Brent, do you think you could... uh, fuck me before we...!!!" panted Trine
almost too shy to ask him.

"I'll take care of that, sweetie! Just finish sucking Brent now!"

Trine turned her head and looked straight into her dad's face. He was grinning
from ear to ear.

"Daddy, I...!" she began but was stopped when he grabbed her around the tummy
and effortlessly threw her over the table. Her toes could just reach the ground.
Her dad grabbed her hips and forced his hard dick up between her butt cheeks and
into her ass. The cream from the electric chair dildo eased the way and he
rammed her to the root.

"AAHhhghhrr...!!! Stop daddy, it's too biG...GLRP! Mmfff!!!"

Brent cut her off by grabbing her head again and jamming his cock into her
throat. Trine could not believe this. She was being double fucked by her own
brother and father, standing one on each side of the table. She had only done
this sort of thing once before when she was fifteen and the boys she was with
had been much gentler than this. Suddenly and to her own surprise she came once
more just before her dad shot his load into her ass. Then Brent fired his load
in her mouth and she was forced to swallow the whole lot before he pulled out.

"Thanks honey, that was nice!" said Mr. Bremmer and walked around the table to
face her. He stuck the half stiff cock to her mouth.

"Please clean this one too, dear!"

Trine licked his dick free from cum. She could taste the cream from the chair
dildo. Brent helped her up again. Christina was standing and waiting for her.
She giggled when she saw Trine's sweaty face. Trine couldn't help but laugh too.

"What are you laughing at, fuckface?" joked Trine and wiped the corner of her
mouth free from a droplet of cum.

"Just us! And all this!" grinned Christina and looked around her
"...buttfucker!"

"So, was your sister as good at sucking cock as me?" asked Maria and looked at
Brent with sly eyes. She had her mother with her.

"She sure was!" laughed Brent. Maria didn't find that funny and just turned to
talk to her girl friends. The two other girls who had gone to tell their parents
about them volunteering had also brought their families. Jana, Jim's girlfriend,
had both her sister and mom, and the other girl had brought her mother and two
younger aunts.

"We'd all like to ...uhm, donate our meat, if needed!" smiled Maria's mother.
Mr. Bremmer thanked them and said that it was indeed needed. Brent and the boys
decided to stay down by the alley, much to the dismay of their girl friends. Mr.
Bremmer walked with all the meat girls and Trine and Christina up the hill
again.

"So, where's my dad actually?" asked Christina as she walked next to Mr.
Bremmer.

"He stayed up here to watch your mother cook!" smiled Mr. Bremmer.

"She is cooked already?"

"Well, beginning to, yes! She is in a soup pot but perhaps we will get there
before it starts to boil!"

Christina went straight over to the pots when they got up there. They were all
full of girls and women and Christina tried to see through the clouds of steam.

"Honey, over here!" yelled her mother from one of the pots. She was sitting with
a woman of her own age in a slightly simmering clear soup.

"Hi mommy!" smiled Christina and kissed her cheek. Her tits accidentally dipped
into the hot broth as she leaned over and she whined a bit.

"Oh, yes it feels hot at first but then you sort of get used to it!" grinned her
mother.

"I guess you do!" said Christina. She looked at the pot next to theirs. Two
teens occupied it but they were already out of it, their bodies floating on the
surface of the boiling soup. Two new teenage girls were waiting anxiously next
to the pot, obviously waiting their turn.

"Uhm, I thought dad was here with you?" said Christina and looked around her.

"Yes, he's just helping with the spitting over there!"

Her mother pointed over by the BBQ pits. All the girls and mothers they had
brought were chatting with the chefs. Mr. Malcolm helped a chef carry a spitted
girl over to an empty pit.

"Mommy..eh ...I think I'd like to volunteer too!" smiled Christina suddenly and
bit her lip. Did she really say that? Her mother's eyes gleamed with pride.

"Oh, how wonderful, sweetheart! Have you decided how?"

"I guess I'll let the cooks decide! Don't you think?"

"That would be best, yes! They'll know how to best prepare your sweet meat! Good
luck, honey!"

"Thanks mom! And thanks for letting us go here today!"

Christina kissed her mom again and quickly ran up to Trine.

"Trine... uh, I am going to do it!" she panted.

"Yeah, I thought so!" sighed Trine and smiled "Very well, then! So will I!"

"Really? That is SO cool!" chipped Christina and hugged her friend. They both
ran over and told Mrs. Bremmer who was helping her husband slicing meat from a
cooked girl's tits.

"We are very proud of you two!" smiled Mrs. Bremmer and put down the knife to
hug them both "I'm actually next to be spitted as soon as Mrs. Irving over there
is done roasting, and perhaps I can get the chef to squeeze you two in right
after me?"

The girls agreed and Mrs. Bremmer talked to the head chef. However, she came
back shortly after and looked a bit sad.

"Sorry girls, he wouldn't change the order now and there are five more in line
after me!"

"That's okay, mom! We'll go and see if they have room for us in one of the small
kitchens down in the alley!" smiled Trine. Christina giggled. She knew which one
Trine meant!

"Good girls! Well, this is goodbye then!" sighed Mrs. Bremmer and kissed her
daughter again. Just then, the chef called her over. Mr. Bremmer was helping
carry the fully roasted Mrs. Irving from the pit and down to the carving table.
Lots of guests with plates flocked around her as he started carving the meat
straight off her body.

"Bye mommy! Have fun over the coals!" smiled Trine and wiped a tear from her
eye. The girls watched as Trine's mother was quickly and efficiently spitted and
hung over the white glowing coals. They stayed to witness her first few turns
and even made eye contact with her a few times. Trine thought she could see her
mother smile around the spit.

"You two should get down and have your pretty little asses roasted now!" said
Mr. Bremmer and hugged Trine goodbye. Mr. Malcolm also came over and kissed
Christina.

"I'll come down later and get a slice of these!" he laughed and squeezed
Christina's tits again. Christina laughed too and hurried after her friend over
the lawn.



"We are really doing it, aren't we?" snickered Trine as they walked over the
lawns once more "I mean, this is it!"

"I will never be more ready than this!" smiled Christina and walked a bit
faster.

"Yeah, me neither!"

When the girls reached the kebab tent they had to wait in line behind some
customers who were buying food. They watched as the young guy in the white apron
slowly sliced thin cuts off one of the spitted girls' tits and rolled into a
kebab with salad and tomatoes. The girl was clearly still alive and wriggled her
body as he made the cuts. Her arms were cut off by the shoulders.

"Yes please, two kebabs? Garlic or chilli?" asked the boy when it was their
turn.

"Uhm, no! Well yes ... we would like to become kebabs ourself!" smiled Trine
nervously.

"Okay, come on in!" he said and lifted the counter lid up. Inside, two other men
worked in the back of the tent. One was just asking another girl to step up on a
small step ladder.

"Hey, hello!" yelled Trine. It was one of the two cousins from the electrocution
tent.

"Oh, hi there!" smiled the girl and waved. The man let the two hug and chat for
a moment while he rubbed oil onto a vertical spit under the ladder.

"What happened to your cousin?" asked Trine.

"Guess three times...! giggled the girl "She went back to the electrocution tent
twice after our turn and was fried the third time! She already knew she was
going back until she snuffed it!"

"Yeah, that was good, wasn't it?" laughed Trine. Just then the man asked the
girl once more to step up. She smilingly complied. When her butt was the same
height as the vertical metal spit, he grabbed her around the hips and guided her
ass down over the tip. It slowly entered her asshole, but then he pulled her off
the ladder and quickly forced her body all the way down over the spit. The girl
gurgled violently as he held her head up and let the tip emerge through her
blood filled mouth. Then he just let her be. The girls watched her slowly sink
all the way down to the base under her own weight. She was breathing heavily
through her nose and her eyes looked wild.

"Okay, who's next?" asked the man when he and his colleague had carried the girl
over to a free oven. Christina looked at Trine.

"You go!" urged Trine and pushed her friend forward. Christina reluctantly
stepped up the ladder and was spitted in a matter of seconds.

"And the last little piggy!" smiled the man when Christina was sitting in the
oven next to the girl. Trine stepped up and felt the tip against her butt hole.

"Oh, just one thing... if I may ask?" she said and turned around to look at the
man.

"What is it?" he looked a bit impatient.

"Uhm, could you please put me on a roaster next to Christina, the girl you just
spitted, so we can see each other when we turn?"

"I'd have to move one over then!" he sighed. Trine looked at him pleadingly.

"Well, okay then! Hurry up and get your ass down over this now!"

"Thanks ... uunghhh...oaahhhggGRRLL!"

The sounds from Trine's mouth were almost inhuman as the spit ripped through her
organs and out of her mouth. The pain was excruciating and the taste of blood
filled her mouth. Then a warm feeling filled her and the pain resided almost
completely. She felt herself slid slowly down the spit as the men carried her
over to an oven. The man kept his promise and swapped Christina and another girl
around to they were turning next to each other. Very slowly, the grills behind
them started to roast their meat. They felt it first on the tits and arms which
were closest to the electric heating elements, but soon their entire bodies were
sizzling and spattering. Ever so often their spits would turn them so they were
face to face and each time they would blink or twitch their mouths to say
"Hello!"



"Don't they look lovely?"

"They sure do, mate!"



Trine and Christina both heard their fathers' voices when they came down to eat
half an hour later. Trine saw how Christina tried to put on a little show by
moving her hips up and down the spit. She tried the same but was almost too weak
to move. She did manage to do it very slowly, though.

"They are not quite roasted through yet, sir!" warned the young man when Mr.
Malcolm ordered a kebab with slices of Christina's tits.

"That's okay, I'll take them rare!" he decided. The boy shrugged and used the
electric carver to slowly cut off Christina's left nipple, then the next slice
and then a few more until he had enough for a kebab. Christina made eye contact
with her dad and tried to smile through her tears. He winked at her and paid the
man.

"I'd like some of that girl's rump meat!" said Mr. Bremmer while Mr. Malcolm
took a large bite of his kebab. Trine felt the knife slice off the numb, roasted
meat from her round ass. The men paid for the food and left after saying a few
words to the girls about how beautiful they looked and how great their meat
tasted.



Both girls managed to stay alive and conscious for more than two hours while
their meat was slowly depleted from their bodies. Lots of people they knew from
school or friends of their parents came by and some even bought meat from them
when they recognised them. When they finally snuffed it (and Trine went fifteen
minutes after Christina) they were mere torsoes, lacking both arms, legs and
tits. Their peeled carcasses were eventually given to some of the guests' dogs
who played with girl bones behind the kebab tent.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Splyf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





