BDSM Library - My Dirty Scat Experience




My Dirty Scat Experience
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young street hooker gives a detailed account of her life as a drug addict who eventually finds herself trapped in a dark web of obedience and sexual servitude toward men.
COMMENTS: Warning!  This story depicts the life of a street hooker and 
therefore entails graphic depictions of sexual abuse and scat related activity.  
If this kind of story offends or sickens you, DO NOT proceed to read this story!

STORY INTRO: A young street hooker gives a detailed account of her life as a 
drug addict who eventually finds herself trapped in a dark web of obedience and
sexual servitude toward men.





My Dirty Scat Experience 

by: an anonymous street hooker

(edited by H. Grant)




   First of all, I am a 28 year old female with platinum blonde hair, hips
rather curvy yet still slender enough to warrent attraction from the
opposite sex, and a nice rack of boobs which I had artificially enhanced in
order to get more attention.  Let's just say I've been around the block a
few times when it comes to dating men.  When I was in high school, I was
much more heavy set and boys didn't go out with me primarily for this
reason.  So I guess I always had this complex that I needed attention
whenever I could get it.  By the time I got out of high school, I realized
that dieting, getting a boob job, and wearing lots of makeup seemed to help
the cause in a big way.  The only thing I had going for me up until that
time was the fact that my hair was naturally platinum blonde, so I guess I
was off to a half decent start.

   Anyway, most of the boys I dated outside of high school were rather
normal with the exception of a few.  Actually there were two guys that were
a bit weird when it came to sex.  One of them (Ted) was a real drunk.  For
some reason he enjoyed worshiping my feet.  As I mentioned, I loved
recieving attention whenever I could get it so I ignored his alchohol and
weird desires and catered to his needs whenever we had sex.  Fighting
spelled the demise of this relationship and it broke off after about four
months.

   Then there was Allen.  He enjoyed spanking me whenever we were about to
have sex.  I guess it was what got him going.  I didn't particularly like
it at first, but he seemed to enjoy the feeling of control over me.  I must
admit that I got used to it after a few months and even started to enjoy
the feeling of being dominated before the act of sex.  So I guess you could
say that Allen and Ted sort of opened the door to the "unusual" aspects of
sex for me.  Most of the other guys I dated were pretty normal - though
some of them wanted me to try anal sex which I eventually succumed to in
order to keep their affections.  This too was a bit painful at first, but I
learned to enjoy it over time - yet I always felt kind of "dirty"
afterwards and rather cheap and sleazy.  But I guess with all the makeup I
wore and the boob job I had, I looked like a rather trashy girl and I guess
that's why I attracted the kind of guys that liked doing things like that
to a girl.  Of course none of them respected me after a while and those
relationships went the way of all the others.  I didn't mind it at all
because I had lost a lot of weight and I looked quite attractive having
grown my hair way down past my shoulders.  After a while, it seemed I never
had a shortage of men looking at me wherever I went.

   Eventually, I fell into the wrong crowd while I was in college.  A group
of men introduced my to marrijuana (pot) and soon thereafter, I was
experimenting with cocain and heroin.  By the time I was in my sophomore
year of college I was fully addicted to crack and eventually dropped out of 
school entirely.  I found myself completely broke and resorting to having sex 
with any guy I could find that had a "stash" on them.  After a while, it 
seemed natural for me to give sex in order to satisfy my need for crack.  
Now by this time, I had lost much more weight and was down to about 125 pounds.  
I was quite slim, but still with a little bit of meat on me.  My hips were
still curvy as that was their natural state and I still had lovely hair and
boobs - though my face was beginning to look a little haggered from all the
drugs I was taking.

   It wasn't long before I began to prostitute myself not only to a select
group of men for drugs, but to complete strangers for money to buy drugs. I
fell in with a group of "seasoned" hookers that taught me the best corners
to hang out on and the kind of clothes that men liked to see on a whore. 
Most of them were drug addicts themselves and were pretty far gone when it
came to their faded looks, but I listened to them because I was quite
desperate for my next fix and had no money at all.  I wanted to dress nice
and sexy so that I could get picked up as often as possible.  I began
wearing black latex boots which I bought in used condition from an old
fetish place down the street.  I also began wearing extremely short shorts
that revealed a heck of a lot more of me than I was used to in high school
and college.  To top it off, I began wearing lots of "whorish" makeup of
the extremely sleazy variety.  You know - the eye glitter, black mascara,
cherry red lipstick, and cheap plastic jewelry.  I felt that I was much
more attractive than I ever was in college and the number of men that
picked me up off the street increased dramatically to reflect this.

   Over a short period of time, it began to dawn on me that these strangers
were the wrong kind of guys.  Yet I didn't care because I desperately
needed more and more crack just to feel "normal." One guy took me to a
cheap hotel and slapped me around and called me a slut.  He spread my legs
and spat on my latex high heeled boots.  Then he withdrew the largest dildo
I had ever seen and began ramming it up my cunt as far as it would go
without any lubrication.  When he finished with me, he ditched me on a
street corner tired, spent, and feeling quite bruised and swollen down
below.  He had given me $70.00 dollars which was more than enough for a
small bag of crack and a cheap dinner.

   By the time I turned 27, I was quite used to being a slut and a whore.
My hair was still long, blonde, and beautiful, but I looked quite used.  I
wore more and more makeup and became much more obedient and appreciative of
the men that picked me up.  After a while, I began to accept less and less
money and began doing a lot more to earn it.

   One night I struck gold when two business men picked me up in a limo and
drove me to a fancy hotel.  Once inside, they introduced me to a third guy
who was also a business executive.  They proceeded to lie me on the bed and
strap me down with ropes.  They inserted a ball gag into my mouth and began
laughing and spitting on me while calling me all sorts of names like
"cunt," "white trash," and "piece of filth," to name a few.  Then they each
took turns fucking me in the ass and cumming on my face and hair.  They
smiled down at me and told me I looked real pretty this way and then
started taking pictures with their fancy digital cameras.  When they
finished with me they had me clean up in the shower and escorted me down to
the lobby and hailed me a cheap taxi cab.  They gave the cabby a nice tip
and told him where to drop me off.  I guess the night was worth it because
they each gave me fifty bucks.  I couldn't wait to get back to my drug
dealer Tyrone and buy some more rock.  I was so happy to have so much
money. $150.00 dollars was a lot for one "date" albeit with three men at
the same time.  Those business men were real nice to give me so much money
and I found myself hoping they would pick me up again.

   This brings me to the present - well almost.

   Last week around 9:30 in the evening an off duty police officer picked
me up.  I knew who he was because I had many run-ins with him before.  This
time he was very nice to me and told me how pretty I looked.  Initially I
was worried that it was part of a police sting and that he was going to
bring me down town but he assured me that it wasn't a sting and that he was
off duty anyway.  He told me how pretty I looked and that despite his job,
he secretly had his eye on me for a long time.  I smiled and asked him why
he hadn't picked me up before and he told me that he didn't think that I
was "ready yet." I asked him what he meant and he told me quite openly that
he was waiting for me to become much more addicted to drugs and much more
"docile" and "obedient." He looked me over while he was saying these things
and I smiled back at him and assured him that I was "ready" and "very
willing." I opened my legs for him and told him I was all his for twenty
bucks.  He snickered at me and drove me to a burger king and ordered lots
of food for me and told me to eat as much as I could.  I was very hungry
and so I did as I was told.  When I was finished he asked me if I had to
use the lady's room and - feeling quite full, I said yes.  He smiled again
and told me "not yet" and took me to a cheap hotel on the other side of
town.

   When we got inside, he opened a small bag and withdrew a pair of pink
cotton panties.  He told me to strip down completely and put the panties
on. I smiled and giggled for him as he reached out and tweaked my enhanced
boobs.  They were very round, pouty, pink, and succulant.  When I finished
putting on the soft cotton panties, he told me to bend over while he placed
his face against by panty covered bottom and smelled me all over my hiney
area.  He began planting kisses all over the back of my panties and telling
me how lucky I was that he was my "date" for the evening and even luckier
that he didn't arrest me.  I was very respectful and appreciative of these
things.  I felt kind of weird as the date progressed.  He began pulling my
panties to the side and squeezing my soft round butt cheeks in a groping
manner.  He told me how soft and sweet my bottom was and that it looked
nice, ripe, and pink - "just the way stupid cunt like your's should be" he
said.

   I smiled and giggled appreciatively while he called me names and spread
my soft ass globes wide apart so that he could see my tight, crinkly brown
anus.  I felt him burry his face inside my pink fleshy bottom and inhale
the soft, girlish, and dirty "brown" odors from within.  He inhaled deeply
and began stroking his cock through his trousers.

   Then the date got even more bizaar.  He handed me another twenty dollar
bill and asked me if I could keep a secret.  I giggled nervously and said
yes.  Then he asked me to be a good little whore and do something "special"
in my panties.  He told me he wanted me to give him some special "brown
candy" and be his "good little girl" while he watched from behind.  I
looked at the twenty dollar bill he was offering as a tip and felt very
appreciative and respectful of this man.  I was a good girl and began to
play the role he wanted.

   I giggled and began sucking my thumb while I squatted down and bent over
a little.  The police officer had already removed his pants and underwear
and was stroking his cock at a feverish pace.  I wiggled my soft little
bottom for him in a seductive manner and squeezed my soft brown anus open.
Slowly, a small piece of greasy chocolate candy oozed it's way into my pink
girlish panties that the pervert had so graciously provided for me.  It
wiggled and jiggled and plopped softly into the back of my cute little
undies.  Another, much larger piece of chocolate poo began to slither and
worm it's way out of my stupid slutty bottom and make "plop plops" inside
the back of my precious little panties.  The officer pressed his nose
against my hiney and mashed the soft puddle of mushy poo all over my sweet
soft tushy.  I kept giggling nervously and sucking my thumb like a toddler
for him.  This must of been exactly what he wanted because he was jerking
off very intensly.  The room began to smell of dark mushy BM and he
wrinkled his nose and told me what a dirty little girl I was and that I was
very bad and had to be punished.  I was expecting the kind of spanking I
had learned to enjoy from many previous dates, but this was not the case.

   With his face still pressed against my poo smeared panties, he placed
his large hands on each side of the little lace undies and slowly began
pulling them down - exposing my soft, smelly little "poo accident." The
dirty smell must have been intoxicating for him as he bunched some of his
fingers together and gently began to press and smudge them between my soft
"potty coated" hiney area.  Slowly he moved the fingers in circles -
gathering up large scoops, traces, and smears of my dirty deed and began
transporting them by wiggling his giant fingers toward by girlish, pink
shaven cunny.  All five of his fingers were now inside my crotch working
their magic on me.  They poked, prodded, smeared, and teased my trashy cunt
with soft brown "lady poo" and began smearing me all over so I smelled nice
and pretty for him.

   Soon it was time to be treated like a "real lady." After teasing me
gently with soft and icky brown strokes with his tenticle digits, he told
me to lay down on the cheap hotel bed and lift my legs into the air with
the poop smeared panties locked around my ankles holding them together. 
His fingers disappeared and quenched up into an evil balled up fist.  At
first, he gently rubbed his fist knuckles against my smelly - mush covered
slit.  Then I felt the slight feeling of pressure as the officer began to
shove his entire fist into the outer portion of my cheap cruddy vagina. 
Then he began to push his arm even harder.

   "Suck your thumb my sweet brainless cunt." He commanded as his fist
began to ease it's way inside me - deeper and deeper like a sick metalic
drill.

   My slutty womb began to stretch nice and wide into a thick dirty bulge
of filth and stink.  My stomach became all tied up in knots with
nervousness and excitment as I felt his strong and powerful invasion of my
soft and weak feminine body.  Soon he began ramming his fist in and out of
me causing my cunt to expand and contract in even wider dimensions.  It
felt sooo good!  I was the luckiest girl in the world.  His fist made
beautiful and sickening squishy squashy sounds as it plunged in and out of
my worthless vagina in violent fashion.  My clit began to expand with a
perverse sense of pleasure that was now engulfing my entire womanhood.

   As his fist entered in and out of my succulant cunt, so did the childish
mess I had made just for him.  It was so dirty, smelly, messy, and special.
He kept telling me how mature I had become as a street girl and that I
finally become a "special kind of whore." I felt so good when he told me
these things.  I felt even more special when he finished fisting me full of
soft girlish poop and told me to lie my head back over the edge of the bed.
He told me that good girls opened their sweet little mouths to recieve
"gifts of appreciation" for their respect and obedience toward men.  I
giggled nervously and did as I was told.  He told me to lie still and close
my dumb little eyes while keeping my mouth wide open for his "gift." I knew
then what he wanted to do, but I could no longer fight or resist what men
wanted of me.  I had given up long ago - perhaps after my second year of
crack addiction.  Besides, I didn't even think of it as being a dirty thing
anymore.  I knew my place in the world and many men had told me that I was
meant to be treated this way.  Soon I began to accept who I was and even
began to enjoy it.  I liked being paid attention to by complete strangers.
I loved it when they showered me with semen, urine, and effection.

   Now it was time to take the next step.  I was now ready to become a
complete and total whore!

   I lay completely still as my mouth opened up in a big wide "O" for this
very kind officer who had graciously treated my to an extra twenty dollar
tip.  Soon I heard a faint soft crackling noise just above my face and
something sweet, full, soft and dirty slithered into my waiting mouth like
a tender snake.  Once inside my sweet - cunt of a mouth, it began to expand
and proliferate causing my cheeks to puff outward like a stuffed animal. 
His gift tasted soft, mushy, and bitter.  It was such a special and
pleasant feeling inside my mouth as it coated my teeth, gums, and inner
cheeks.  Soon I felt another "plop" inside my worthless opening.  Then
another - and another.  The mass of soft, beautiful filth was now being
crammed and pushed back toward my waiting tonsils.  I felt so excited and
thrilled to be treated like the classy lady I was and I shivered and
quivered as his soft smelly gift oozed it's way down my throat and into my
stomach.

   PLOP.......PLOP.....sssshhhhhPLOP!!!!"

   "Mmmmmmm.....mmmm...mmmm...."

   The kind officer smiled down at me and told me what a good girl I was.
He told me that he was going to pick me up again in the near future and
treat me to some other "exciting" dates.  He told me I was special and that
I should not tell anyone about this.  He told me to keep it a special
secret because he was a well respected police officer in the community and
that he was well liked by many citizens in the area.  He told me if I kept
my mouth shut he would never arrest me again and that he would make sure
that the other officers left me alone so that I could get picked up and
make more money for drugs.

   I was so happy that he was treating me so special.  I wanted to hug and
kiss him right there, but my mouth was dirty and so was my cunt and ass. 
He told me not to worry about it.  He said that dirty street girls were
meant to smell like toilets and that being treated like filth was what made
whores like me so special and attractive.

   I smiled at him.  For the first time in my stupid little life I felt
like I finally had a purpose.  I felt like I was being paid attention to. I
felt adored and admired by this man.  I wanted to be admired and sought
after.  And I couldn't wait for the word to get around about what a special
kind of whore I was.  Soon I would become much more "popular" on the street
and men from far away -and in all walks of life would come to seek a
"special" date with me.  Soon I would make lots more money and be the
luckiest girl in the world!






                                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anonymous Street Hooker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





