BDSM Library - The Femina Empire




The Femina Empire
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Planet Earth is force to join the Femina Empire. A Federation of many planets. In this Empire, humans right are not distributed evenly, that is women have them all and the males have none, they are slaves. They are chattels, pieces of property, own by women. Humans from earth learn to adjust to this new reality.Prologue   
The Femina Empire was founded on planet Satrina. A group of women scientist
  that was tired of the constant wars cause by men on their planet developed
  an ultra sound device that affected only the male brain. Women's brain being
  on a different wave length, were not hurt by it. For the men however, the pain
  was intolerable. It seems to activate every nerve in their body and they felt
  that every part of their body was in fire.  
When the women activated the device, they were able to take control of the
  governments of their planet. They put an end to all the wars and made sure
  that every one had its basic needs satisfied. Women had activated the device
  only long enough to take control of society. The males started some rebellion
  in many countries. The situation was difficult and in the early days, the males
  almost succeeded in neutralizing the device.  
That was a good lesson for the women. They saw the needs for more control
  over the men. All the men were made to wear a collar around their neck that
  would show their location at all time. The collar would also protect them from
  the painful ultra sound. With that collar they were able to monitor the movement
  of the males. They all had to wear the collar, so the next few rebellion were
  easier to stop.  
During that time, women had taken all position of control in society. They
  found they liked their new power and soon they started taken men's rights away.
  The first one to go was the right to vote. With that out of the way, it was
  easy to pass new anti-males law in an all female parliament. Rapidly, the men
  lost the right to drive, to use money. It became law that no man should have
  a position of command over a woman.  
The males continued to rebel and the women continued to take their rights
  away, eventually they were not allowed to leave home without a woman's permission.
  By that time large scale rebellion was over and women loved to live in a world
  were the men would do all the work. The men however were still the bigger and
  stronger sex and they were still a threat to the women.  
Women eventually made the big step and decided by law that men were now slaves
  and had no more rights. The men were still able to fight women one on one.
  The women went one more step to put an end to that also. Since they were now
  slaves, the men had to be naked at all times by law and they were equipped
  with magnetic wrist and ankle bracelets. The women used the same ultra sound
  that hurt the males so much to boost their mental capacity. They could activate
  the magnetic bracelets and they would be lock so strongly that a man could
  not separate them. All she had to do was to tell him to have them to touch
  each other and she would lock them by a simple taught. The key to this new
  set of controls however was a micro chip implanted in each of the males balls.
  They had to wear a collar around them and on a simple taught the micro ship
  would hurt the man's balls so much that it took them days to recuperate and
  would almost drive them insane with pain. All the males soon had to wear these
  devices and the ball's collar was activated once for the most recalcitrant
  of them. The ball collar was so efficient that no males that had it done to
  him, had ever try an open rebellion again.  
The males hated their new status but open rebellion was impossible. The women
  loved their lives as much as the men hated theirs. The society was getting
  better organizes all the times but the males soon began passive resistance.
  They could not launch a revolt but they would slows down the work and try to
  get away with as much as possible.  
The women realize what was happening. The males were not real slaves yet,
  they were prisoners, with some hope that one day they would be free again.
  Women were determined that this would never happen again. The invented the
  most absolute control device so far.  
They studied the males brain and were able to received and interpret brain
  waves that they produce during the thinking process. Their neck collar became
  a powerful computer. On top of protecting the male from the ultra sound, it
  would at all time register the man thought. It could be retrieve at all time
  by the owner of the slave and the women found a way to read it directly from
  his mind. She would not receive the male's brain thought at all time, only
  when she chooses too. The neck collar would store all of his thought and would
  advise the owner of any unauthorized thought.  
This is when the male when from prisoner to slaves. They could not even do
  passive resistance. Any such action would be punished as harshly as any other
  infraction. They felt doubly naked in front of women. They were not allowed
  to wear clothes and their minds were just as naked to women. The males could
  not hide their thought in a corner of their minds. They were facing women who
  had the right of life and death over them. They were wearing so many control
  devices that they were helpless in front of them. They resigned themselves
  to their status, resistance of any kind was impossible. Women had scored one
  last victory and the battle of the sexes was won. Once males had acknowledged
  their slave status, they became totally dedicated to serve the women.  
The women were wise enough to give them something to look up to. A male that
  would be very submissive and eager to please at all times, received small reward
  like a better sleeping quarter, less beating of course, the authorization to
  lick his Mistress's feet etc. For a male, a measure of his value was in how
  good a slave he was. Soon all the males were obsessed with pleasing their owner.
  The young boys that grew up, would look at the adult males, naked, collared
  and acting as if it was the most natural thing to be own by a woman. They would
  then see themselves as natural slaves.  
After the women were able to read the male's mind, they never had any problem
  with the males again. They saw them as chattel, workhorse and sex toys. They
  strive to serve and their natural competitive instinct made them desire to
  be the best slaves as possible.  
When our story begins, the males had been enslaved for 156 generations. The
  women had bred them to perfection, with the proper submissive attitude. They
  had big cock and knew how to use them.  
The women kept a tube on the male cock at all time. It was 5 cm in length
  and the tip of the cock would stick out of it. It would do no arm to the males
  unless he had an erection. It would then hurt him so much that he would have
  nightmare about it for a long time. At the same times the women trained their
  males to be stallion when the tube was taken out. That is one way that males
  had to express themselves in this society. All the males were born in a factory
  and there were generally a ratio of 25 males for every woman. They had a lot
  of slave to serve them.  
The males were great but a bit boring. Jannath, a 40 year old woman from
  Satrina, decided to take a job as a teacher on the new planet of the Empire,
  planet earth. She wanted to train males that are not yet perfect slaves. She
  then set off to earth with minimum luggage; 12 suit case and 8 cock to serve
  her on the new planet. She had nothing against roughing it up, but only to
  a certain point.  
Office work  
Julia was going through her notes again, when the door opened and one of
  her private secretary entered with the coffee she ordered. He walked to her
  desk and put the tray on the side of it. He placed the coffee cup respectfully
  on the desk. Julia looked at him with satisfaction. He was equipped with all
  the control devices that the law required. He was naked of course. Animals
  do not wear clothes. He was wearing a computerized collar around his neck.
  That collar was protecting him against micro waves that are send on the whole
  planet by satellite. If the collar is removed, the slave will feel an intense
  pain that will not stop until the collar is put on him again. The collar show
  the location of the slave at all times. The micro waves are no threat to woman.
  There are micro ships implanted in the slave head. All of his taught are recorded
  on the computer and can be access on a simple taught by the owner of the animal.
  The micro ship also controls pain center in the brain. On a single taught,
  any woman can cause unbearable pain to one or as many males as she want.  
Julia let her eyes go down on the genitals of the slave. He had a pain collar
  around his balls. Once again, micro chip has been implanted in the balls and
  on a simple taught, she could activate it, using the collar around his neck,
  and that would cause him unbearable pain. All males have the collar activated
  at least once. It is every male's nightmare that the collar be activated again.
  There is a moral agreement between women and males. The collar is only activated
  in case of disobedience or insubordination. There are few instances were a
  male has his balls zapped more than once.  
There is a 5 cm. long band of steel around his cock. It cannot be removed
  by the males or other woman but the owner of the slaves. The band causes no
  problems to the slave unless he has an erection. There again intense pain hit
  him. He wears black wrist and ankle bracelet. They are magnetic devices that
  can be activated by a woman. They turn red when she wants it and if join together,
  they lock as one piece. The male is then tied securely and only a woman's taught
  can separated them. She searches the male's brain for his taught and she finds
  fear and a great desire to please. She can access his mind at any time or distances.
  She does not do it all the time, but if the male have an undesirable taught,
  such as thinking of escape or thinking about male's rights. She smiles to herself.
  Males have been shown to have a profound dislike for anything that resemble
  male's right. If there is something that can get them in trouble, it is to
  think to anything close to male rights. They do not want to think about it
  and if ask about it, they are ask by a woman about it they desperately try
  to convince her that male's rights do not belong in the Femina Empire.  
When he is done, he bows with respect, and turn around to leave. She looked
  at the bar code on his butt. Males are no more than pieces of property with
  a price tag. They wear a bar code like anything else, be it a can of soup or
  a broom.  
She looked at the window dreaming. It was not that long ago that it all changes.
  It was only six month ago that the Femina Empire had conquered our world. With
  their superior technology, they had captured all males and had put woman in
  control. Most women saw the advantage of the new world order and had helped
  the alien women.  
In this new society all males were declare slaves. They lost all their rights
  and were now considered animals. Women have rights of life and death over their
  males. There are 657 planets rules by the Empire, and on all of those, males
  were slaves. The oldest planet, called Vixina, had enslaved their males for156
  generations. The control devices that males were forced to wear was there mainly
  to show them that resistance was futile. As long as the males think they have
  a chance to break free, they fight the system but when they realize that rebellion
  or escape is impossible, they surrendered. Woman being careful to show them
  that total obedience and an obsessive desire to please can get them out of
  trouble most of the time, the males soon gives any hope of liberty and accept
  slavery. Women could control males with fewer devices, but it is the addition
  of them that tell the male: You do not have a chance.  
Planet Earth had been part of the Femina Empire for 6 months now. In that
  time, all war were ended, the food was distributed to all countries so that
  hunger was eliminated. All diseases were also eliminated. The males had no
  choices but to help. It took times to collared 3 billion males, then to put
  them to work .For a while, males were permitted to wear clothes. The priority
  was to get the new society organized.  
Julia was a private secretary to a rich man and over night she became the
  boss and he was the private secretary. She took control of his company and
  she kept him around for a very special purpose.  
The new society was now getting well organized and most males could now be
  treated as animals. There was a large number of schools created, Some for women
  to show them how to rule the world and some for males, to show them how to
  be rule by women.  
Julia had a 14 year old boy and an 10 year old daughter. He just started
  the new school. She could monitor his boy at any time and typed a few command
  on the computer, the screen light up to a class of 20 boys and a 40 year old
  woman alien woman as a teacher. Julia's boy, Jason was standing at attention.
  She loved her boy and even if she wanted him as all other males to be slaves,
  she cared for him and loved him very much.  
Jason was standing in the "Standard position" with the other boys. He had
  his hanks lock behind his head, back straight and leg spread 40 cm. The teacher
  was walking the line inspecting them. "You will take this position at all times
  in the presence of a woman. Do not forget that you are always waiting for orders
  or instructions." She looked at Jason and said "What do that position means" Julia
  tensed, she did not want her boy to be punished for a wrong answer, but she
  realized that this is the way it is for all males now.  
"It means this slave is totally obedient to you Mistress and it is waiting
  for your instructions" Excellent Jason. Julia was proud of him. He is a fine
  boy.  
Julia came out of her reverie. She closed the monitor and rang a bell. Immediately,
  a male entered and stood in the "Standard position" Julia could appreciate
  the discipline. There is not much a slave can do to tell the Mistress that
  it wants to be good. They are not allowed to speak without permission. The
  standard position is one way to impress a Mistress. Males learn to be truthful.
  The male is feeling so naked in front of her. She can read his mind. It does
  not feel anything. The male had not idea when it minds is being probe.  
"How many customers is there waiting boy? There is a woman waiting Mistress." "Let
  her in" "Yes Mistress." Julia is now at the head of a company involved in slave
  trading. She is currently buying 3,000 earth slaves to sell to a neighbor planet
  and to bring back as many foreign slaves. 3000 is the maximum the spaceship
  that she has acquired can take. There is a huge interest in that trade. Alien
  women love untrained males. They are so fun to train and the local male population,
  having been in slavery for so long is not much of a challenge. Earth woman
  on the contrary, are fascinated by males that are absolutely obsess with pleasing
  them. Julia has managed to create a partnership with an Alien company and she
  will soon be leaving with her first shipment for the planet Tammris.  
A woman entered the room with 4 naked males. Julia offered her a chair. She
  sat down and off course the males stood standing, silent and with their eyes
  down. These males must have been fully enslaved with all the control devices,
  only days ago, she taught to herself. Julia noticed immediately that they were
  totally untrained. They did not take any approved position. That is the way
  she preferred them. Let the Alien women train them.  
"My name is Julia, what have you got for me." The women said she had those
  boys for sale and showed Julia the ownership papers. They were distant relative
  of hers and that is how she managed to get her hand on them. The papers were
  in orders so she looked at the males. The first one was 28 years old. He was
  shaking in fear and humiliation. He had his hand over his cock. She first looked
  at his face and skin. He was a good looking boy. She took his hand and pulls
  them away from his genitals. "Now let me see what treasure you are hiding there.
  He did not resist of course. She was surprise at the beautiful, big piece of
  meat she found there. Males can be so much fun to handle. She had him flex
  his arm and show his muscle. She caresses his biceps for a moment. The boy
  was solid. She had him turn around and she looked at his butt. They were firm
  and really good looking. She looked at the bar code. She taught that might
  be the sexiest item on a slave. She examined the other 3 in the same way.  
Julia offered $10,000 for the slaves and after some discussion they settle
  for $11,000. The other 3 males were 42, 19 and 12 years old respectively. She
  bought them all and wrote a check to the woman.  
When the lady was gone she walked back to her desk and called a secretary.
  All 4 males were standing naked, their hands in front of their genitals. They
  were all humiliated to have been sold, like pieces of property. There was no
  way that they would protest. They knew by now that women are all powerful and
  that resistance is futile and very painful. The secretary entered and took
  the standard position, hands behind his head and leg spread. He kept his eyes
  down, to Julia's breast. Males were not allowed to look into women's eyes.
  He had to stare at her breast, when being addressed by her, and not any higher.
  He stood there, anxiously waiting for orders. There was no fighting left in
  males. They had been punished hard enough to get it all out of them. He had
  been a successful business man but now his only concern was to make sure he
  showed Julia how eager he was to please.  
"Tie them up in the traveling restraints and get the slave chain ready with
  the others also. And get my Pony boys ready. Let me know when it is ready." "Yes
  Mistress"  
He left with the other four males. They would not try to escape. They will
  not even think of it, because Julia would know immediately and would punish
  them at a distance. There is no escape for males and they know it. She computed
  the 4 new additions and was satisfied that she now had the targeted 3,000 males.
  She could now leave with the first of earth starship to go do business with
  the other planets of the federations. Planet Tammris was waiting for them.
  Males from newly acquired planets are in great demand. They are new to slavery
  and women enjoy taming them to their liking. It is a sport for them. With the
  number of control devices that males are wearing, women can inflict great pain
  to them easily, but they are careful not to destroy them. They want males that
  are eager to please, totally loyal to them and absolutely submissive in everyday
  live but as balance males learn to be stallions in bed. They are kept naked
  at all times and try to seduce women. Since they are wearing a 5 cm tube on
  their cock, they cannot have an erection without great pain and they cannot
  themselves take it out. They learn however to be creative and take the initiative
  when their Mistress take it off them. They act as stallion for as long as they
  do not have the cock tube on them and becomes totally submissive when the Mistress
  put it back on them.  
Males of the federation have becomes expert in pleasing and seducing woman.
  Some of them have been enslave for 156 generations by now and they have seen
  their father and grand father be slaves. They are genetically made to serve
  woman and cannot imagine another live. For the males of the federation, it
  is in the natural order of things that they are slaves and the property of
  women. Most would remain slaves even if the control devices were taken out,
  but women would not do that. Males being larger and stronger then women, why
  temp the devil.  
The secretary entered the office, took the standard position and said "The
  males have been prepared as you ordered and the buggy with the Pony boys also
  Mistress"  
She answered in a tone that showed that she was vastly superior to him "I
  will be leaving for the afternoon." She got up and walked out of the office.
  The 9 other private secretary all got up from the desk were they were typing
  and took the standard position. As she walked, she spotted a new male who had
  been there for only two days. He was shaking. She reached for his mind and
  saw just how much he was afraid. The male could not tell when his mind was
  being probe, he just knew that it could be done at any time. She had picked
  him because he had a nice cock. The tube could not hide the fact that his tool
  was really big and the tip of his cock sticking out of it was just beautiful.
  She walked past him and went into the yard. They would all work relentlessly
  for her, their only reward being to avoid punishment. The computer in the collar
  they wear is a wonderful thing, If they only relax in their work, slow down
  or worse, have an idea of their own, she would be telepathically advise and
  she could at a distance punish them. These are so painful that they want to
  do any thing they can to avoid it, while knowing that women are in absolute
  control.  
The chain of slaves was waiting for her. There was 24 males in it. They all
  had their wrist locked behind their head, they had a 40 cm. chain linked between
  their ankles and there was a light chain tied to each of their balls at a two
  meter interval. When considering all the control devices they have on them,
  it is really not necessary to tied them up like that, but keeping males in
  bondage is a pleasure that women cannot do without.  
She checked all the males, especially the slave chain that was tied to the
  buggy, and walked to the two pony boys. They were tied to the buggy and the
  harnesses were preventing them to turn or to look aside. She went to the front
  of them to tease them a bit. These two males were special to her. On the right,
  there was Harry, her former lover, before the Femina Empire took over, a 37
  males with a nice cock and to the left; there was Bob, her former coworker
  with which she had a short affair, a male with an even better cock. She enjoyed
  very much the idea of having them both as a pony boy team. She grabed both
  cock and said "We are going for a ride, I want to see you two, react quickly
  to my commands, you both know what happens when I am not satisfied." She took
  great pleasure to whip them both together. They knew that she had a short patience
  with them. They were staring down at her chest, the bit in the mouth preventing
  them to make any noise. She caressed both cock and let them go, she did not
  want them to have an erection with the tube on their cock. It is important
  for males training to be fair and that would not be. She had been a bit hard
  on them. In the enthusiasm of her new found power she had them; she had transformed
  them into complete pony. They had their arms cut off and their vocal cords
  were cut so they could not speak. "She regretted what she had done a bit; they
  had not been bad husband and lovers really. Now they understood that the rest
  of their lives would be as pony boys and actually they were adjusting quite
  well. A few good whipping had seen to that.  
She got in the buggy and looked with pleasure at those two firms, well tan
  butts. She picks up the light whip and said "Walk" They immediately started
  walking and the line of slaves started to walk behind her. She loved the Femina
  Empire, she could single-handedly, control 26 big, strong males and not one
  of them dare to challenge her authority. She could understand the women of
  the empire. Once they had won the battle of the sexes, they had put all the
  control devices and laws to make sure that males never get back in power again.
  Even when only one control device would do in most cases, women would use 10
  ways to control the males, and when they would think of another way, they would
  implement it immediately. Whit the accumulation of ways to control them, the
  males of the empire had quickly lost all hope to be free again and since women
  were wise enough to, not only punish severely a males that dissatisfy them,
  but also to give small reward to males that pleases them, a balance was found
  were the males could look up to a better future if they worked hard enough
  at pleasing the women and the women lived at high standard of living with so
  many male slaves to attend their every needs.  
As she was leading the males down the road to the warehouse, she thought
  on just how easy it is to train these males. Her favorite way of rewarding
  the males it to let them lick her feet when she was particularly satisfied
  of them. The males enjoy much more to lick her feet then to be punished, and
  it is an action that acknowledges her superiority over them.  
She drove the buggy slowly. She did not want to take a chance to have some
  of the males fall and tear their balls out. It took an hour and they arrived
  to the warehouse.  
The School  
Jason was having a bad day. He had been enslaved six months ago, like all
  the other males on the planet. He had to be collared; otherwise, the micro
  sound waves that now hit the planet would cause him excruciating and constant
  pain. It is so unfair, like for everything else, the girls get away with it.
  The micro waves do not affect them.  
Jason did not like the idea to be turn into a slave, but at first he had
  to admit that some good events happened. All war ended, food was distributed
  fairly on the planet. All diseases were cured. Women, everywhere where put
  in position of commands. Males could no longer make any decision.  
Some men had tried to resist, but the women had simply deactivated the collar
  for a while and they were sent in agony. With these control devices the women
  knew what the males was thinking, where he was. They had total control. On
  TV, there was only women now, they would talk politics amongst themselves,
  and have Variety shows. Men would never be seen talking on those shows. .All
  sports where now amongst women.  
Soon all opposition had ceased from the males. Jason was Julia's son and
  he had worked hard also, both at home and outside to obey his mother and younger
  sister Lily. It was unfair again, since he could not get paid for is work.
  He had no rights now to use money. His wages was given to his mother. Lily
  was particularly as source of irritation for Jason. She would teasing him constantly
  and orders him around the house and he had to call her Mistress, and now it
  would be worse. He was now naked and Lily would sure take advantage of it.  
For the first six months he had been allowed to wear clothes. When the Aliens
  arrives, he was given a neck collar likes all the other males, and gradually
  they all were processed by the Aliens and they had put all kind of control
  devices on him. What really bothered Jason was that this week it was announced
  that all males had to be naked form now how on. And that some of the control
  devices where so embarrassing to wear. He had a pain collar around his balls
  and a 5 cm. tube around his cock that prevented him from having an erection.
  For a few weeks after he had been processed, he was still wearing clothes and
  he was able to hide these devices but for the last 3 days he had been naked.
  Everyone could see him like that. Don't women realize that it is very embarrassing
  for ha man to be naked and collared like that? Don't they realize that we have
  feelings?  
Jason ordeal had started yesterday. The school system had been reorganized
  and they had started school on that day. He was told that eventually there
  would be "Girl only" school. Jason was sure that they would be the better schools
  and there would be boys' only schools. For now, the schools were mix. The day
  before, he had to undress in front of his mother and sister, and his clothes
  were put in the garbage.  
He had to walk out of the house, shamefully and go to the corner of the street
  to wait for the school bus. His mother order was very clear. He had not choice
  but to go. His neck collar was now program for him to go the street corner
  were he would take the bus to school on a well define path. If he would be
  late to take this route or go somewhere else, or be late coming back home,
  the collar would be deactivated and the pain would come back. Jason would not
  be able to take that. It hurts too much.  
He got out of the house and walked to the street. He had to walk 200 meters
  to the location where the school bus would pick them up. He did not know how
  he would make it there, never mind surviving a whole day at school naked. There
  was nobody in the street and Jason carefully walked with his hands in front
  of his genitals.  
He spotted two 14 years old girls and one boy, already waiting for the bus.
  Jason could see that the boy was naked just like him. He could hear the girls
  laughing and when he got there he was welcome with cry of excitement from the
  girls. The two boys were red with shame from head to toe and kept their head
  down. One of the girl said "Look at that cute THING, his is not nice. Jason
  did not answer and the other girl walked beside him and said "He really has
  a cute butt. They both laughed but they did not dare yet to touch them. It
  was a lot of fun for them to see the boys naked, but they were not confident
  enough yet to touch them. They were joined soon by several other boys and girls
  and the bus arrived finally to the relief of the boys. The door open and they
  saw a male drive. He was naked also and wearing all the control devices that
  all males had to wear. Has the teenager got in the bus, he said "All the Mistress
  sit in the first half of the bus and the boys in the second half. Jason walked
  to the end of the bus only to discover that the seat had been removed. There
  was already 3 boys sitting on the floor of the bus and he sat with them.  
Jason could not understand why they were treated like that. He could see
  the girls in front having fun. It thought that it would not be easy to be a
  slave. The bus arrived at the school. The ordeal was about to continue. All
  the girls went out of the bus first. As it would happens so often in the rest
  of his life, he would wait for women, they do not wait for males. When they
  were all out of the bus, the boys walked out also. What they saw was an amazing
  sight to them. There were about 400 students waiting outside the front door
  of the school and half of them were naked boys. They were all quiet with their
  heads down and the noise came from the girls.  
He stood there with all the others, waiting for the door to open. He had
  his hands on front of him, covering his genitals and suddenly he felt a feminine
  hand caress his butt. "You have one sexy ass you know?" He looked up and saw
  he girl his burst laughing and walk away.  
The door of the school finally open and they were directed to the auditorium.
  Once again, a section of it had the seat remove and they were told that the
  girls would take the seat in the front, and the boys were to sit on the floor
  in the back. Jason wondered why they could not sit in chairs also. He sat on
  the floor and found some relief to be amongst boys. At least here, he could
  escape the jokes and laugh of the girls.  
About 20 women walked on the stage with Mr. Ferguson, the director of the
  school. He was naked and collard also and followed one of the woman. They were
  Alien women and the boys started to shake in fear. They are the ones how have
  enslave them. The girls on the contrary burst in applause.  
Mr. Ferguson went to the microphone first. He was naked, and the girls burst
  in applause again, at the pleasure of seeing the director naked. He seems very
  afraid. He started to talk  
"I would like to welcome the Mistress to a new year in school and the males
  too. The times have change and there is a new world order that has taken place." The
  girls burst in cheers at these worlds. The boys were absolutely quiet. "We
  have been privilege to have been chosen to join the Femina Empire. It will
  bring about an ear of happiness and order on this planet, something that we
  males have never been able to accomplish. Women of the Empire have won the
  battle of the sexes and we males must surrender to them. As we all know by
  now, resistance is futile. We, as males must learn to serve our Mistress with
  absolute devotion and loyalty. "He was interrupted again by females sheerings. "From
  now on, the administration of this school will be in the hands of our Mistress.
  This is the last time that I talk in front of you, I will now give the microphone
  to Mistress who is gone be the new director of the school."  
He back up two steps and knelt on the side, on the stage with his head down.
  A tall woman, walked in front of the stage. She was a beautiful 40 year old,
  blond, with short hair and a serious but friendly look on her face.  
"Well girls, welcome to the Femina Empire." All the girls got up and sheered
  with enthusiasm. After a while they sat back and she continued "the life you
  will live from now will be very different than that you have known before.
  You will learn to be in charge of this planet. You will have all the position
  of power; therefore you have to be a lot to learn. Since there is so much to
  do in so little time, this school will be a mixed school. You will learn to
  be the leaders of this world and the males will learn to serve you properly.
  There is some rules to be remembered that will apply here at all times. The
  males are slaves and will have to obey all women's order; however they have
  to learn their roles in society just as you do, so remember that they are under
  your absolute control. If a male disobey you or talk back to you punish him
  hard, but if he makes a mistake while trying hard to please you, be patient
  with them. They are trying to adjust to their new roles just as you do."  
To Jason surprised the women had had some kind words for the boys. He was
  not expecting that. He thought that they would be yielding some whips and uses
  it all the times. "From now on in the school just outside the schools are not
  allowed to speak without permission and they must address all women as Mistress.
  It is forbidden for males to sit in chairs, they must sit on the floor. Remember
  girls, punished harshly but be fair, so they know where they stand. You are
  dealing with animals of limited intelligence. Now I want the girls to head
  for the right exit where you will be given your course schedule and the males
  to the left where you will receive yours.  
Everyone got up and Jason with the other boys went in the direction hi was
  told. He had to wait in line with the others and after one hour it was his
  turn. The woman at the desk was an earth woman, you could easily tell the difference.
  Alien women would look at you as if you are an animal, earth women look at
  you as if you are a new found sex toy. She ran a scanner on the bar code that
  was tattooed on the top of his right ass cheek. Jason, having his hands in
  front of his genital, was displaying a great view of his back. He just could
  not hide everything with his hands. She looked at the file and pulled out a
  schedule. All the boys were present as expected. The collar would put them
  in great pain if they were somewhere else. She gave him the schedule and said "go
  to room 224 for your first class."  
He left and went to the classroom as quickly as he could. He thought about
  putting the paper behind him to cover his butt and have another hand cover
  his genitals, but he taught that was to awkward .He entered the room. There
  was already one boy there. There was only one chair and it was at the front
  of the class, beside the desk. After what he had been told, he sure would not
  sit in it. He stood there and started to read his schedule, while other boys
  would walk in.  
The course he was gone take would be nothing like he did before, they were;  
 
      Slave positions  
      Slave etiquette &amp; attitude.  
      History of the empire  
      Woman's sexuality  
      House keeping  
      Open course ( to be decided)  
      body care  
      Slave writhing  
      Art (erotic and belly dancing)  
      School maintenance/cleaning  
 
That looked scary to him. He had no time to think much of it, the door open
  and a woman entered. All the boys gasped in fear. She was an Alien woman. You
  knew right away, be the air of self confidence that they have. She was carrying
  a small whip in her hand. She walked to the desk and put some file on it. All
  the boys were standing, watching her in fear. She was a small and very pretty
  25 year old, brunette.  
She looked at her student with confidence. There were 20 boys in the class
  and most of them were bigger then she was, but she knew she was in total control.
  She was born on a planet where the males had been enslaved for over 100 generation.
  She had never seen a males wear clothes in her life. She had never seen a males
  disobey and order in her life. She looked at the 20 boys with confidence, she
  was in total control.  
"I want everyone to stand on a red dot on the floor and put down the schedule
  beside you on the floor "All the boys did what they were told and she took
  a portable scanner and came to us. She walked behind the first row of boys.
  Jason and the other boys, each had a bar code, printed on their right ass cheek.
  She scanned the bar code of all the boys. Jason felt like a piece of merchandise.
  She went back to the front of the class and said "My name is Jannath; it will
  be Mistress Jannath to you. You will address me as such at all time. Do not
  speak unless given permission or being ask a question. You will find that I
  am a fast gun. I will punish you every time I will think you are too slow to
  obey, and I am warning you, I am very difficult to please. Today, I will show
  you the most basic position of all, the Standard position and then I will decide
  which open course you will take."  
She told one of the boys to join her in front of the class. He walked there
  and she simply said: "Too slow" and he fell to the floor screaming in pain.
  All Jannath had to do was to concentrate on the boys and she could deactivate
  the main collar or zapped his balls with the pain collar he was wearing around
  that most strategically area. She could also do it to the whole class if she
  wanted to. She was in total control. The other boys were watching all this.
  She reactivated the collar and said "Get up" He got up, still crying, she said "Too
  slow" and he went down again crying. After a while she reactivated the collar
  and said. He rushed up this time but she said again: Too slow' and down he
  went again. He screamed for 3 minutes and finally she mentally reactivated
  the collar and said:" Get up". He got up like he had been lying in a fire.
  She said: "That is better"  
She looked at the class and said:" This is the kind of attitude I want to
  see in you, cocks, anything less will be punished quickly." None of the boys
  even taught about protesting for being called cocks. That small woman just
  seems too dangerous." She looked at the boy, and said" place your hands behind
  your head and lock your fingers together." He did what he was told in a hurry.
  He was trying to avoid further punishment. "Spread your legs so that your feet
  are 30 cm. apart. Keep your back and head straight." She moved around him correcting
  his position. Jason was shock. He had been trying to hide his genitals from
  the sight of other, especially the girls, all day, but in a position like that
  he would be fully expose. What an embarrassing position.  
"You will take that position at all time in front of women, unless you are
  working or of course if you are tide up somehow. You must keep this position
  unless the woman orders you in another position or say the word: release, or
  if she snaps her finger. If you are in the standard position that means you
  are release and if you are in any other position, that means, take the standard
  position. From this very moment, you cocks will never again hide your genitals
  with your hands or make any attempts to hide it in any other way." At once,
  the 19 boys remove their hands from the front of their body and let them at
  their side. "Women will want to look at your bodies and you will be shown how
  to display yourself but for now just remember that.  
"Let see if you cocks have learn anything yet" She snapped her finger. The
  19 boys moved at once to take the position but she said: "Too slow" The expected
  to have the collar deactivated but instead they all jump together. Jannath
  had chosen another form of punishment She had mentally activated the neuron
  whip. She could, with the help of the main collar, trigger the nerves of the
  boys anywhere in their body to create intense pain. The boys felt like a piece
  of red hot metal had touched their butt. It was has painful as if they had
  been branded. The boys were just coming back to their senses when she snapped
  her fingers again. The boys frantically took the position.  
The boys were in four rows of 5 and she walked in the rows checking the position
  of each boy, correcting them as needed. Jason was in the last row and he could
  see her checking the boys in the front rows. His turn would come soon. He did
  not want to be seen in this embarrassing position but the fear of punishment
  was greater.  
Jannath finally walk by Jason. He stood motionless. She looked at him and
  was very impress. What a good looking boy, she told herself. She reached for
  his mind. She saw that he was dying in shame to be so naked and exposed. Jannath
  loved it. At 40, she had never seen a male wearing clothes, and all the males
  that she had ever saw, had never wear clothes in their lives. It was the normal
  way of life for both. She walked around him, admiring his firm butt.  
She came back in front of him and said "I am deciding today, what the extra
  course will be for each of you, and a cut looking cock like you had to become
  part of the cheerleader's team. You will be swinging that cut butt in front
  of sports audience soon". That was too much for Jason, he just could not take
  it. He was horrified at the thought of being naked of a large group of woman.  
He dropped his hand and put them in front of his genitals and said "No, I
  do not want to do that" Jannath's mouth dropped in surprise. Never in her life,
  did something like that happened to her. In 40 years, never did a male said
  no to her. They would do anything she would ordered, and do it with so much
  enthusiasm. The boy was much bigger and stronger than her, but as a woman of
  the empire, she felt and was actually in total control in front of that boy.
  This was actually the reason why she had taken this job on this new planet
  on the Empire. She wanted a bit of excitement in her life. It seems to her
  it would be so much fun to tame wild cocks. Falling in love is something that
  can happens anywhere, anytime. That boy was s cut and he had actually said
  no to her. She fell in love with him. She got very nervous. She had to do it
  right. He had to be punished for what he had just done and said he had moved
  out of position without permission, he had talked without permission and he
  had said no to her. A cock on her planet, would have had his balls zapped for
  any of these infractions, but of course none of the 6 billions male of the
  planet would have ever done such a thing. He had to be punished but Jannath
  did not want to take that fighting spirit out of him. She had to be careful.  
Jason knew he had made a mistake the moment he said no. She was a very beautiful
  lady but at this moment he was much afraid of her. She had dropped her jaw
  in surprise and her eyes had grown wide and she stared at him for a moment.
  He realized just how much, the women of the empire expect to be obeyed at all
  times. She said "YOU talked back to ME? The pain hit him in a split second.
  She had deactivated the neck collar. He fell to the floor in extreme pain.
  He felt that every nerve in his body was hurting him. It was so intense that
  he was no aware of his surroundings. After what seems like hours, but was actually
  30 seconds. She reactivated the collar on a simple taught. The pain stopped
  and she said "Get up" He got up as quickly a he could, starring at her in fear. "You
  moved out of position without permission, you talked without permission and
  you said no to me. Goddess, I will have traveled 300 lights years to see that.
  I will teach you better manner, cock."  
She had called him a cock instead of a boy or a male, but he did not dare
  to answer back to her this time. Women can punish males s easily." I will see
  personally that you learn what it is to be a slave." She turn around and walk
  back to the front of the class. The young cock looked distress and she did
  not want to destroy him. She had to think of what to do next.  
Punishment   
Jannath walked back to the front of the class. She was so excited. This is
  the first class that she teaches on this planet, and already a cock had talked
  back to her. It was out of the question for her to severely punish the boy.
  She could put him in agonizing pain by activating one of the many control devices
  that he is wearing. He would become like all the other cock in the Federation.
  He would be so afraid of women that he would never dare to do or say anything
  that could displease a woman. He was so cut. Jannath wanted to know more about
  him.  
She picked up her note pad and wrote something on it. She had decided to
  go for a good dose of humiliation, but not too much pain. She pointed a finger
  at him. "Come here big mouth." Jason ran to her. He realized that he had made
  a big mistake. A boy simply does not talk back to one of these women. What
  terrible punishment is he gone have to suffer. Maybe she will kill him. He
  took the standard position in front of her, shaking. She looked angry.  
"You will take that note to room 241. This is where we will deal with unruly
  cock. I will deal with you myself later on." Jason was shaking even more. He
  thought that he would not survive the day. He took the note and went to room
  241. He knew were it was. It used to be a lab, but now, what kind of torture
  chamber is it gone be. Jason could not read the note, it was written in the
  Alien language. He did not have a clue what was on it. The only thing on his
  mind was to get to room 241 quickly; more disobedience would only aggravate
  his situation. On his way to room 241, he went by several girls, all wearing
  clothes of course, and several other boys, all naked and collared. They looked
  like they were having a tough time adjusting to their new situation. For all
  of them, it was the first day that they were naked, in public and under the
  authority of so many women.  
Jason arrived to room 241. There was a woman at a desk. He presented his
  note and took the standard position. He did not care at that moment if he was
  so completely exposed. He might die in the next hour.  
The women, an Alien, obviously, read the note. They were all beautiful. She
  was petite and slim, maybe 22 years at most. She got up and said "Open your
  mouth" He opened his mouth and she put a small ball into it. It immediately
  increase in size and filled his whole mouth. It took all the room behind his
  teeth and forced him to keep his mouth opened has much as he could. She said "Lock
  wrist behind back." The wrist band he was wearing had turned red. He knew that
  when he would have then touched each other, they would be locked and he could
  not separate them without a woman deactivating the device. He felt the wrist
  band lock together behind his back. "Follow me" They walked in the room. They
  were a smaller room that led to the bigger lab. Jason saw the boys immediately.
  They were tied in the most humiliating way possible. There were 5 boys, kneeling
  in front of a horizontal metal bar at their cock height. They had their cock
  and ball over the rod and it was attached by what the women called a cock band.
  It was wrapped around both the balls and the cock and the boys were glued to
  the metal rod. They all had their hand lock behind their back also. The woman
  said "Kneel there and put your cock and balls in the band" He taught about
  disobeying but he was already in so much trouble that he did not dare. He shamefully,
  put himself in position. He felt the cock band tighten up around his genitals.
  It was just another of those things that women control by the power of their
  minds. The way the rod was positioned; he was facing any one that would go
  from the corridor to the main lab. Jason thought that he would die in shame.
  He hoped that nobody would walk by, but sure enough, two girls, entered the
  room looked at the 6 boys, who were dying of shame. They smiled and went their
  way.  
Jason waited in agony. He did not understand. Why would women, treat men
  like that? Is it what it is like, when one gender loses the war to the other
  one? They were treated like animals.  
Once in a while, a woman would come in, untied a boy and take him in the
  big lab. At other time, other boys, would be tied to the metal bar. Jason kept
  his head down. He was tightly secure to the bar and he would no go anywhere
  without being release by a woman.  
Jannath finished teaching her class. She looked at all the boys and decided
  what they would do in the open course. Some on them where sent to work as janitor
  cooks, or gardener for the school, she send two of them in the secretarial
  course. They would learn to read and write in the Empire official language
  and be secretaries under female supervision. The class was completed and she
  went to the teacher's room. The women do not nearly have the same working hours
  then the males. She would teach two course a day. A 2 hours day is good enough.
  Women, traditionally do not spend much time at work, they usually tell the
  males what has to be done, and it gets done quickly. The cocks are so obsessed
  with pleasing them, that they are thankful to be allowed to serve a woman.
  Jannath walked in, grab a coffee and spotted two friends at a table. She sat
  there with them. Their name were Yelena and Birma, by earth standards, you
  were looking at 3 top model. All women of the Federation were extremely beautiful.
  They had a lots of time on their hands to makes themselves looked like beauty
  Queen. It is one thing to have won the battle of the sexes; it sure did not
  mean that they had lost interest in the male specie. Women enjoyed their relationship
  with males. All 3 of them had a harem of cocks at their disposal and they were
  practicing the most popular female sport in all of the federation; being beautiful
  and parading in front of the males. Women must be women.  
"So how was your first course Jannath?" said Yelena "I am so excited; you
  would not believe what happened to me. I told a pretty cock what open course
  he would take, and believe it or not girls, he actually disagreed with me.
  Do you believe that?" I was so shocked." "What did you do" said Birma." I was
  careful not to spoil him. I did not zap his balls or nothing like that. I send
  him wait for me in the punishment room. I will go easy on him. I want him to
  understand that he is a slave and that he must obey women at all times but
  I want him to keep his personality. There is no way I want to see him paralyzed
  with fear when he sees me. ""This is great Jannath; this is exactly why we
  all came here. This is so exciting. You have to introduce him to us. I want
  to meet that cock." I will introduce him to you tomorrow, for now I will warm
  up his ass." They continued chatting, while Jason was waiting, on his knees,
  in that shameful position. Yelena and Birma eventually left to teach their
  course of the day, with the hope that a beautiful cock would dare to talk back
  to them. That Jannath, they thought, there is always something interesting
  happening to her.  
Jannath went to the punishment room. She entered the smaller room. There
  were 6 boys, on their knees tied by their genitals to the bar. They all had
  their head down and their eyes on the floor in front of them. She spotted Jason
  amongst the boys. He had not notice her arrival. She walked in front of him
  and put her hands on her hips. "So big mouth, you can see where bad behavior
  gets you. I will teach you proper attitude." Jason looked up at her and suddenly
  he started to cry. There were tears running down his cheeks. He could not speak,
  due to the ball gag but he thought; "I am sorry Mistress; I will never do it
  again, please let me go." "To let you go, where do you want to go? You are
  under women's control at all times and wherever you are. You want to go somewhere;
  you have a lot to learn cock." She had addressed him as: cock again. That was
  humiliating, but he did not complain about it. He did not want to displace
  that cruel woman, anymore. He was already in big enough trouble. Jason was
  so afraid, he started to shakes. That woman seems so unforgiving, he thought,
  that she will probably kill him. He knew that women had the right of life and
  death over the men. She could give him excruciating pain on a simple thought,
  whether he was close to her or at a distance.  
Jason felt the cock band opened. He was release from the bar. The woman had
  use mind control to open it. There were microchips in a great many things now
  that could receive female brain waves and obey their commands. This was very
  practical for women and gave them one more edge on the males. Everything in
  the Empire was designed to give an advantage to women. It was a women's world
  out there. "Get up, cock"  
Jason got up as quickly as he could. He remembered only to well the punishment
  he received in the class for being to slow to obey. "Follow me" She walked
  in the bigger room. There weret4 boys, tied up in various positions, being
  whipped by girls. One of them, on his right, was tied to a reverse L post.
  He had his hands tied to the top of the post and one foot tied the bottom of
  it. The other foot was tied to the end of the L on top of the post. He was
  obscenely displaying is genitals and a girl was whipping him hard. He was not
  moving much due to tight bondage he was in. Jason understood why all the boys
  were wearing ball gag. All you could hear was muffle sound, without the ball
  gag, the place would be filled with males screams.  
Jannath directed him to L shape post and to his despair soon had him in the
  same position has the other boy. He had to climb on a small stool and he wrapped
  his wrist around the post. He wrist band were magnetically lock in place and
  the same with his right foot. A cable was attached to the left ankle band the
  cable automatically lifted his foot to the top of the post. He was obscenely
  spread out, in full view of every one there. Poor Jason had tried so hard,
  since the morning to hide his genitals. This was not easy being naked in a
  school full of people, but now his body was fully displayed for everyone to
  see.  
Jannath went to a wall and took a small whip. She came back to him. "Now
  are you sorry to have been so undisciplined?" He waved "yes with his head.
  That was about the only movement he could make. "That is good, but you will
  be much more sorry soon." She took his cock with her left hand. She actually
  took his cock in her hand. Jason felt he add lost any sense of intimacy he
  possibly could have. She tightened up her grip on his cock and with her right
  hand she gave him his first blow on his butt. He jerked in his bond, but there
  was not much he could do. She hit him again and again. She stopped at 20 strokes.
  Jannath, still holding his cock firmly, brought her face a few centimeters
  from his faces. She looked in his terrified eyes and said "Are you sorry now" He
  wave yes again, but she hit him immediately again. His ass cheeks were burning
  but all he could do was to take it. She continued the whipping and soon Jason
  was in so much pain that he would have done anything to have her stop. Jannath
  was reading his mind intensely. That was a very mild punishment by the Empire
  standards. That boy had no idea, just how much it hurts, when a male get his
  balls zapped. She could drive a male insane with pain if she wanted to, but
  that was not what she was trying to achieve. Jannath was still having a good
  time. She was holding Jason's cock tightly with her left hand and she was whipping
  him with her right hand, he was bouncing a bit with each blow, as much as the
  shackles would permit, which was not very much.  
He would have liked to beg her to stop but Jason could only make muffles
  sounds with the gag he had in his mouth. She finally stopped and release him
  from the whipping post. He stood in front of her, his whole body shaking and
  with his butt in fire. "That will give you a lesson, big mouth. Now I want
  you to report to the guard at the entrance, to have the ball gag remove and
  get out of my sight until the next course tomorrow morning." Jason ran to the
  guard has best he could, considering his butt was in fire.  
On his way back home, in the school bus, Jason could not sit on the floor
  because of the pain; he kneeled all the way home. He could see the girls, in
  the front row, laughing and talking. Jason told himself that life would not
  be easy.  
 He knew only too well what awaited him at home. It was Lily; His 10 year
  old sister. Ever since he was collared, when the Alien arrived, she made his
  life difficult. She enjoyed bossing him around, even dad had to obey her and
  now that they both had to be naked by law, it was even worse. Jason was trying
  as best he could to hide his genitals to her, but she would take advantage
  of that to slap his butt or to have him do something that made him display
  his naked body such as putting something on a high shelf. He had to obey her
  of course because even at 10, she could use the discipline devices and punish
  Jason and his dad at will. Of all the frustration that Jason was going through,
  this was the worst. Boys should not have to be under the control of their younger
  sisters.  
Preparation for Departure   
Julia met her two associate in the yard at the warehouse, Vera and Edona.
  They were two Alien women. She had form a partnership with them to sell earth
  males in the Federation and import Alien males on earth. Strangely, Federation
  woman, who had all the perfectly submissive males to serve them, loved to own
  males that were new to slavery and they loved to train them to their standards.
  They felt it was the early days of males' slavery again and that they had to
  be taught everything. Earth woman, for their part, were fascinated by totally
  submissive males that had no concept of freedom and that they could be in any
  way, the equal of women. They loved, bossing those big, sexy studs around.
  Each woman felt like a Queen with them. There was a profitable business in
  slave trading between earth and the federation.  
"Hello Julia, Have you got enough to complete the shipment?" "asked Vera. "Yes
  I do, we will be able to leave with a full load." "Anything interesting?" ask
  Edona "We have ourselves, a good looking stud, let me show you" All three woman,
  walked down the lines of males. They kept their head down. It was a most humiliating
  position to be tied by their balls and be walked around like that. Julia stopped
  in front of the stud she had purchased only two hours ago. "Oh nice piece of
  meat" said Vera. She grabbed his cock with her right hand and caressed his
  butt with her left. The male had a nice muscular body. "Do we put him in section
  1A?" "Yes, He will be a nice gift to give when necessary" Section 1A had 22
  males in it. They were good looking stud, that would be use to please government
  and company officials, that could make it easier to operate on the planet Barya,
  their destination.  
"We can leave tomorrow then, we will be ready at 10;00" said Edona. All that
  was necessary for the trip to Barya was already on the spaceship, behind the
  warehouses. They only needed to complete their cargo of 3,000 males to be able
  to leave. Vera unhooked the slave's chain from the buggy and said "we will
  get them ready, see you tomorrow. The sight of an Alien woman, would always
  instill fear in all earth males, not one of them wanted to be single out for
  disobedience, not even the big stud in the chain. Whether a male is very big
  or very small, does not matter, they are all equally powerless in front of
  any woman; even the youngest girl could handle them. They all knew too well
  by now, that woman's punishment comes quickly and hard.  
Edona said "Come in the lounge, I want you to try my new martini. They walked
  through the warehouse where the males were being processed.. They would be
  made to lie down on their back in a box. Dozens of binders would lock them
  in place so that they would not be able to move even a finger, their feet straight
  and their hands at their side and their head were held motionless also, and
  a tube inserted in their mouth would feed them for the duration of the trip.
  The front cover was then close. Their cock and balls were then pulled out of
  a hole in the center of the cover. The tube around their cock was then remove.
  A Graviton was use to transport them. The box would looked as if floating in
  the air. The box was then stored in a long row of similar boxes. The sight
  was quite extraordinary. A milker was attached to every cock and each one was
  link to a transparent plastic line. The males were feed with a drug that activated
  their sperm production. They would be milked for 3 hours and then rest for
  one hour and then milk again for 3 hours. They drug was so great that they
  were so full of sperm after an hour that they had to be milk or they would
  burst. The sperm was collected into huge container. Women of the federation
  made a great use of it. They would drink it all the time and in many different
  ways.  
They would be stored in rows of ten. That way they would take as little space
  as possible. Space travel has certainly not been invented with male comfort
  in mind.  
Julia walked back to her Pony boys and stood in front of them. She grabbed
  both their balls and said "Now my sweet hearts, the trip back home will be
  a little faster, actually a lot faster. I am sure you two do not want to disappoint
  your Mistress, we will run fast aren't we?" The two pony boys could obviously
  not answer. Their vocal cords had been cut, because Pony boys should not be
  taking and they were wearing two mouth harnesses. They were looking at Julia,
  however with fear in their eyes. They had been treated in the most harsh way
  possible. Their arms had been cut and way they tried to protest, the Mistress
  had Zap their balls. It took them a few days to recuperate and then Julia had
  whip them both and then started their training. The two Pony boys had only
  one thing in mind, to avoid further punishment.  
Julia got in the buggy. She took her short whip in one hand and the two cables
  connected to their mouth harnesses. She had them turn around slowly, enjoying
  the moment. She could watch those two cute butt working, two meter from her.
  The two Pony boys were tensed and feeling the harnesses in their mouth. They
  wanted to obey any order, instantly. They knew that Julia was holding a whip
  and that she would use it soon. They also knew that their butt was the prime
  target and that they were hopelessly exposed to her whip Sudenly she gave a
  jerk to the cables and said "Yeah, full speed". At the same time she swung
  the whip and targeted the butt of Harry. The Pony boys butt was such an easy
  target, the way they were tied to the buggy. The whip landed right on Harry's
  butt. He jerked forward and the buggy accelerated at full speed for the Ponies.  
Julia just enjoyed Pony boys. She Whipped Bob's butt in turn and then back
  to Harry. The two of them were frantic. They knew they could not escape the
  whipping, but still, they ran as fast as they could and the return to the office
  was much faster. When they got close to the office, Julia slowed them down
  to a walk and the two pony boys, breathing heavily, walked as they had been
  taught, they raised their knees high and head straight. Julia stopped using
  her whip for a while and look at a group of 15 males fixing the road. They
  were under the supervision of one woman and they were working like if they
  were possessed. The only thing on their mind was to please the female supervisor.
  She was not totally used to see naked males everywhere. Alien women have assured
  her that it is a pleasure that will never really go away. The sight of a beautiful
  naked male slave will always be a pleasure and the males become so good at
  displaying themselves that it is always a new experience. Julia stopped them
  in the back yard and the stable girl ran to her. Julia got off and walked in
  front of the ponies. She grabed them both by the balls and said "So, did you
  two, gave it your best, or shall I have you whip, to show you better?" They
  both looked scared and they kept their eyes down. They both knew that they
  would suffer any punishment that she wanted them to received and that there
  was nothing they could do about it. The worst mistake that a male could make
  was to beg not to be punished. To do that implies that a male, dare to have
  an opinion and that was something that women just would not go for. Males are
  not entitled to have an opinion, never and on no subject. Julia just stood
  there for a moment, toying with their balls. Both ponies waited for a decision,
  would they be punished?  
"No, that will not be necessary, take them to the stable, wash them and lock
  them in for the night; I will not need them for now." "Yes madam" The stable
  girl, took them away and Julia walked in the office to give some instruction
  for her departure.  
Jason arrived home and entered the house and sure enough Lily was waiting
  for him. "Here you are finally, I have been waiting for you" Jason covered
  his genitals again with his hands and Lily feign not to notice it. She had
  something coming that would teach Jason to forget about his modesty.  
"Follow me Jason" She led him in the living room and Jason mouth dropped.
  She had done it. There were three of those devilish things in the living room.
  It was called the Standby, because males who had no work to do were often kept
  prisoner in one of these things. Lily had told Jason that she would get some
  soon, but Jason had not believed it. The Standby looked like a simple device.
  It looks like a U. On the floor there was to plate on which the slave would
  stand with both feet, about 30 cm. apart, then on both side of him a metal
  rod, would go up and there were handles on top. The slave had to hold the handles
  with his hands, once in place the slave would receive a very mild shock in
  the neck collar. It would tell him that the device is activated. If he would
  lose contact with one of the four points, the two foot plate or the handles,
  the collar would be deactivated for one full minute, putting him in excruciating
  pain. When the pain would stop, he had a few precious second to get back into
  position or the cycle would start again. Males rarely get caught more then
  once. Even if there are no visible bonds, the male will never move until he
  is freed by a woman. A mild shock from the neck collar would tell him the device
  is deactivated.  
Jason's father, Tom and that other guy, Carl were already locked up into
  it. "Jason take position in the standby" There was no way out, Jason had already
  talk back to Lily yesterday and she had viciously whipped his ass, using the
  micro ship in his brain. He knew he could not say no. He said "Yes Lily. That
  is Mistress to you Jason, Yes Mistress" Jason went to the plate, facing Lily
  and had no choice but to remove his hands in front of his genitals and raise
  them above his head to the bars. He felt the mild chock and knew he was lock
  in place. After the indignities of the punishment room at the school, he had
  to suffer through that at the hands of his young sister.  
Lily was standing in front of them with her fist on her hips. She loved her
  new found control over men. She was standing there has Julia entered.  
"Hi Mom, how was your day?" "It was excellent; I see you got the boys to
  try the standby device." "Yes Mom, are not they cut like that." Julia smiled
  and said "release." The three boys felt the mild chock in the neck collar and
  new the device was deactivated. They walked off the machine. Both Carl and
  Tom stood there with their arm at their side but Jason put his hands in front
  of her. Lily who was about to say something to her mother cried "JASON, take
  your hands off there." Jason quickly did as he was told; his face became a
  faming red. Lily turn to her mother "Jason keeps trying to cover himself Mom,
  this is not the first time he does that. Carl and Dad do not do that" Julia
  smiled to her daughter; everyone had some growing up to do, both boys and girls.  
"Tom and Jason, go wait in your sleeping quarters and Carl, get us a lemonade" All
  three males obeyed immediately. Julia said "Let sit and have a talk Lily"  
They sat and Julia said "Lily, you must understand that it is new for Jason
  and Dad to be our slaves. They are not use to it yet. Not long ago they were
  free." " I know Mom, but I just want them to treat me as a Mistress. That is
  what I am Mom." I know Lily, that is what you are now, and I know how much
  fun it is to have control over naked boys, isn't it?"  
"Well, &hellip;of course it is fun, but I just want them to obey me, that
  all." Lily, they will obey you, believe me. All males that you will talk to,
  will obey you. We live in a world now where all aspect of life is made so that
  we have control over men. This is new to all of us, we all have to adjust,
  both men and women. We, women, have to learn how to rule the world and men
  have to learn to submit totally to us and be pleasing slaves at all times.
  This is not easy for them to do. Please go easy on Jason, will you?" Mom, why
  is it more difficult with Jason. Dad is much more obedient, and Carl, Wow,
  he is so obedient and he is always so happy to obey me, it is so easy with
  him and e is so good looking. " Julia smiled, "Yes, I know, the Alien women
  sure kept their slave in good shape. The are all slim, hairless below the head,
  with a nice tan and they all have a nice cock. I find it hard to keep my cool
  around them. They do everything to tease you and excite you. They display their
  body in such a sexy way. They have been though the way to seduce women and
  they are good at it.  
"I know, Carl has been a slave all his life and does not know anything else,
  for him, women hold absolute power and his only role in life is to serve us.
  He does not know anything else and have no need. You see Lily, he has been
  teach since he was a baby that women makes all decision, it is natural for
  him to serve you. Dad is also very obedient, but less experience for the simple
  reason that he was punished severely when he was permanently collared. He knows
  how painful punishments are. He will not disobey you. Jason did not get punished
  like Dad, because he is only a teenager. Males get their balls zapped only
  once when they reach adulthood, just to show them obedience. Jason is learning
  his status of slave right now, give him time. I want you to promise me not
  to zapped male balls or use any severe punishments without asking me first,
  this is important Lily. We want to train them properly, and they must get the
  message that if they are totally obedient they will avoid most punishments.
  Promise me Lily"  
"OK Mom, I promise you. I will not use extreme punishments, but can I use
  the cane or something like that? "Julia smiled, girls are girls. They like
  to punish boys. "All right Lily, you can use the cane and the whip, but not
  to hard." I am leaving for planet Barya in two days, Dad and Jason stay here
  with you as we discussed earlier. Go easy on them." Mom, why can't I go with
  you." This is a business trip, I told you before, and you have to go to school,
  just remember, do not say a word about it to Dad and Jason. Boys should not
  be aware of their Mistress business, part of the control we have over them
  is that they live in a world they do not understand, for them, a women activity
  is something that is way over their head and they must never worry about it.
  They should never even think about the Mistress business, or they would get
  punished for it." That is ok Mom, I will not say a word to them.  
Carl entered with the refreshments and served them both with precision and
  with an attitude of optimum respect. The girls continued talking about boys,
  which is their favorite conversation subject and one they never grown tired
  of. Carl was carrying the tray with the two glasses of Lemonade. The glasses
  were place in such a way and he was holding the try low enough that his nice
  cock was right in between the glasses. He bend forward to have them pick up
  their glasses and Julia and Lily and a good look at his big tool that was contained
  in the cylinder, but with the tip sticking out. For any woman, it was a very
  exciting view. They both smile to him as they were picking up their glasses.  
Tom and Jason were waiting in their sleeping quarters as they had been told.
  It was a small room, 4 meters by 4 meters, with a matt on the floor. They were
  sitting on it and Jason said "Dad, when is it gone end? Girls cant' treat us
  like that." Yes Jason, women can treat us like that. We have been enslaved.
  You must make an effort to accept it." But Dad, do you accept it?" I do accept
  it Jason, I have been punished enough, and women have showed me what they can
  do. When I was permanently collared, as you know, I had my balls zapped, like
  all adult males. You can't believe how much it hurts, and any women can do
  it to me, and they can do it at a distance. On top of that there is the collar
  and the chip in our brain. There is so many ways to be punished and it is so
  painful, I submitted to them like all other men. There is no other choice Jason.
  Women have enslaved us and there is nothing we can do about it.'  
"Dad, they do terrible things to us, and Lily keeps laughing at me. " This
  is Mistress Lily to you Jason, do not forget that. I want you to address you
  mother as Mistress Julia and your sister as Mistress Lily. You understand?" Yes
  Dad, but what about that guy Carl? He is always so eager to serve Lil&hellip; Mistress
  Lily and Mistress Julia." I know Jason. You see, Carl comes from another planet
  and he has been a slave all his life. He lived on a planet where there was
  no a single man that was free, Carl does not know anything else, for him it
  is the natural way of life." But Dad, he spends the night with Mom&hellip; I
  mean Mistress Julia." I know Jason, that is the way it is. Women control everything,
  even our sex life. Mistress Julia and Mistress Lily will live in a world where
  all the men are kept naked and totally under their control. They can do what
  they want Jason, they are women."  
"Dad, we have to eat dog food and water." It is not dog food Jason, it is
  slave food. I know it look like it, but it as got everything we need. There
  is no reason for us to eat anything else. Jason we do not need to eat fancy
  food, do not forget that our only purpose is to serve our Mistresses and make
  life enjoyable for them, our own comfort does not matter. Jason, I want you
  to promise me that you will stand in the standard position, whenever you are
  in presence of women, including Mistress Julia and Mistress Lily." Yes, I know
  Dad, I promise"  
Suddenly, Julia's voice came out of the collar. Tom and Jason, go help Carl
  with the supper in the kitchen. They both said "Yes Mistress" and they rushed
  to the kitchen.  
Carl was already at work, preparing the supper. All 3 of them, worked to
  get the girls supper ready. They would eat their slave food, only when they
  would be done. Carl was working expertly and with happiness. He was obeying
  a order from the women and that was enough for him to be happy. When the supper
  was ready, Carl served the plates but Lily insisted that Jason served her water.
  Jason entered the kitchen where Julia and Lily were eating and he filled Lily's
  glass with water. He kept his eyes down. Lily for her part was obviously enjoying
  it. Jason went back to the kitchen. The boys cleaned up and finally, could
  eat their slave food. It did not taste anything, but it was filling and actually,
  it had all the nutrients that a slave needed to stay healthy. It was time to
  go to sleep. Tomorrow would be another ordeal. Jason was particularly afraid
  of that cheerleaders class he had been forced to join. He did not think that
  males cheerleaders wore much of anything while doing their things, even in
  front of a group of women. When was it all gone end?  
Second day at school   
Voyage to Barya !  
Jason was back in Jannath's class. He was waiting with the other boys for
  her to arrive. Jason's day had started early. He had taken the bus to school
  again. This bus had no seat at all, as it were for boys only. Jason thought
  that it was silly that women denied them the right to sit in chairs; they had
  to sit on the floor as seats were strictly reserve for women. Julia and Lily
  were still sleeping when he left. Girls only had 4 hours of courses to take,
  due to the fact that they had to learn a lot to be able to fit in the new society,
  and Lily had told him that soon she would only have a 2 hours course day. Jason
  would have to work all day while she would be enjoying herself. In the bus
  he could see that the other boys were similarly collared as he was. The most
  embarrassing part of it was the pain collar around their balls and the tube
  around their cock. It was made of metal and the tip of the cock was sticking
  out at the end of the tube. It made him feel so dependants on women that even
  his male's part were under their total control. The bar code that was tattooed
  on his but was another embarrassment. He felt owned. He was sitting next to
  other guys that were just as confuse as he was. The women were making sure
  that there was no self esteem left in them whatsoever. The bus went by one
  of those super stores. It advertised the best choice of males at the best prices.
  Jason shivered at the thought that he could be sold in a store. He could imagine
  a section of the store where males would be sold, between furniture and women's
  clothes.  
Julia entered the room. All the boys rushed in the standard position, no
  one wanted to be single out for disobedience. All the males on the planets
  were quickly learning that obedience was the only way to survive in the new
  world they were in. Julia took the scanner on the table and went around scanning
  the bar code on their but, to check for presence. It was not really necessary,
  since the computer was keeping track of their location at all time as well
  as keeping all their thoughts in file, but it was a good message to send to
  the males of their position in society.  
Jason was scare. This was the woman who had tied him up in such a shameful
  position and whip him on the but while holding his cock with her other hand.
  He did not want that to happen to him again.  
Jannath acted indifferent to him as she scanned their buts. She showed them
  a new position. The" Heel" position. The boys realized that this position was
  just as humiliating as the standard position.  
When told to heel the boy had to run to the woman and kneel at her right
  side, facing in the same direction. He would keep his knees together and hands
  on the floor, palms open. He cheek would lightly touch the woman's thigh. When
  she would walk he would walk, bent over so has to keep his head at the same
  level and always glued to her thigh. When she would stop, he would drop on
  his four again. This was a painful class for the boys, no matter how hard they
  tried; it seems they were always to slow to take the heel position. They had
  their collar deactivated times after times. The boys started to learn the strange
  relationship they had with their collar. It was their best friend and their
  worst enemy. The collar would protect them against the sound waves. Without
  it they would be in constant excruciating pain, but the collar would also keep
  track of all their thought and location. It would help women to have total
  control over them. As much as they would like to do without the collar, they
  knew how important it was, to wear it at all times.  
Apparently Jannath was in a better mood. She had Jason take the Heel position
  several times and she deactivated the collar the first two times he tried.
  It was so painful that he was desperate to have it right. After several boys
  had been similarly punished, Jason was told to heels again. He rushed to her
  in a state of panic and through himself at her side. He was expecting the pain
  again, but Jannath ran her hand in his hair and said "Good cock, that is what
  I want to see." She looked at the class and said "You see, that is not so difficult,
  I want to get that kind of obedience from each one of you. Jason you deserve
  a reward for this, you can lick my feet." Jason knew by now, that this really
  was a reward, better to lick her feet then to have her deactivate the collar.
  He also knew that he was expected to lick her feet with enthusiasm, anything
  less would be an insult and he would end up in more trouble. He lowered his
  head and started to hick her right feet.  
She apparently lost interest in him and signaled another boy to heel at her
  left side. He was not so fortunate. She did not like his performance and she
  had him crawl in pain for a while. Three more boys sulfured the same fate before
  one got it right. She got him to lick her left feet and send Jason back to
  his place.  
She had them to walked at heel beside her. The boys eagerly followed her
  instructions and strangely, most of them were admiring this woman as she was
  proudly waling in front of the class with one or two boys at heel.  
Jason went to his other classes. This was easier than the day before as there
  were no girls yet in school. They had such a short day's work that he could
  only see boys walking in the corridor to go to their classes.  
His first class concerning the History of the Empire left him with no illusion
  as what his status were in this society. The teacher explained today's law
  regarding women and males. The laws all followed these general principles.  
 
   
    Women are citizen of the Federation. They have the right to vote, own
      property and make choice of their own.  
   
   
    Males had lost the battle of the sexes and had given women their unconditional
      surrender.  
   
   
    Males have no rights whatsoever and must be, by law, the property of
      a woman or a company. There is no such thing in the Federation as a free
      male.  
   
   
    Women have the right of life and death over males. She can punish a male
      in any she wishes. There is no law to protect a male. Whoever, if she kill
      or damaged a male who belonged to another woman, she can be sued for property
      damage.  
   
   
    Males must obey women to the letter at all times. In no situation, can
      a male do anything without permission. If a male do something by his own,
      it is wrong by law and he must be punished.  
   
   
    Males world is of no value and cannot be use in a court of law.  
   
 
It left the boys with no illusions as any possible hope to freedom in the
  future. It instilled in them a permanent fear of women. Any women that were
  not happy with them could punish them in the most horrible way.  
Jason was sent for dinner at the cafeteria. The girls were in school by then
  and there were many of them there. The boys were sitting on the floor at the
  back of the large room and were eating their slave food, while the girls were
  enjoying "real food." He was sitting with the other boys when he hear a voice
  in his collar:" Jason, the is Mistress Jannath, come and join me in isle 14" This
  was a part of the cafeteria reserve for women. Jason said "Yes Mistress" and
  got up and ran as directed. His heart was beating fast,"in what kind of trouble
  was he in now? He got there and saw Jannath sitting with three other women.
  He took the standard position in front of them. He could tell by their attitude
  that they were all Alien women. The shame of being naked was gone. He just
  wanted to show that he was very, very obedient.  
Jannath said "This is the cock that said No to me yesterday, would you believe
  that. These earth males have such bad manners." Jason was terrified. That was
  coming back to haunt him again. He was afraid to be punished. There was nowhere
  to run. Boys just can escape women. He would have to suffer any punishment
  they wanted to inflict him. "One of the women said "this is amazing, I had
  to travel so many light years to hear something like that, and what exactly
  happened cock?" Jason was so terrified he could barely speaks. "I did not want
  to part of the cheerleader's team. It is so embarrassing to be naked and collared
  like that Mistress" He had no choice but to say the truth. He knew that women
  can read men's mind. A boy just can not lie to a woman.  
"I can not believe that, what a gross attitude, I am really surprise that
  you are still standing after saying something like that. What kind of punishment
  did you get" That was it. They were gone punish him some more. Jason did not
  know if he was gone survive this one. He said " I got whip Mistress." The girls
  were having a good time. The poor boy was so afraid. They all enjoyed seeing
  a cock have a bit of initiative. Their control over him was absolute anyway.
  There were no way the girls wanted to see the males gain any rights, but to
  see them act as a bit more then a sex toy, was something intriguing for them.  
"You are incredibly lucky, Jannath must really like you. I would have punished
  you so hard; you would have forgotten your name. " Jason was shaking, he was
  just waiting for the punishment to start but the women kept taking and Jannath
  send him back to finish his meal. He was still shaking as he tried to finish
  his slave food.  
After lunch, Jason took a course on house keeping. The women do not do any
  house keeping of course. The males do all the work at home. This was perhaps
  the best course he had to take but he was afraid of the next one. That was
  the open class course. He had been told to report to the cheerleader's course.  
He stood, waiting with 19 other boys. They had been chosen because they were
  the best looking guys in the school. They all had fine body and a nice cock.
  They had all the tools they needed to please a woman's eye. The teacher entered
  and the boys took the standard position.  
Jason's mouth dropped as Jannath entered the room. Of all the teacher's in
  the school, she had to be teaching this course. He wanted to disappear. Life
  would not be easy.  
Jannath scanned their bar codes and stood in front of the class.  
"For those of you who do not know me, I am Jannath, that is Mistress Jannath
  to you. I will be teaching you how to be cheerleaders. You have been chosen
  because you are the best looking cocks in the school. All the sports teams
  are women only of course and the crowd will be women only also. You will be
  there to amuse and entertain them. You will learn to be sexy and to work as
  a team."  
She introduce them to their cheerleader's "clothes" It consisted of two red
  balls of tissue tied to their ankle bracelet, two red balls of tissue to their
  wrists bracelets and to their embarrassment, one red ball of tissue tied to
  a short, 15 cm chain tied to their cock.  
They were told to put them on and then they found out that they could not
  remove them. Only women could do that on a thought command. Once again she
  singled out Jason and had him come in front of the class. He did so, facing
  the other boys. She had him swing his hips so that the ball, hooked to his
  cock, was swinging in a circle. She had all the boys do the same. It was a
  pretty sight to see those 20 cocks, and the red ball, wildly swinging in circle.
  Jannath was having fun. Male training is so much fun. She had them swing their
  hips in different ways, so that the ball would bounce left and right or up
  and down. The boys could imagine the humiliation of doing that in front of
  a crowd of women.  
The course finally ended and Jason went about his next one. There were only
  boys in the corridor again. The girls had already finished their day at school.
  Jason thought that it was unfair but then, it was a relief not to be seen naked
  by hundreds of girls.  
Training   
The spaceship was almost half way to Barya. Julia walked in the production
  area. In this part of the spaceship, sperm was being produce in industrial
  quantity. Most of the 3,000 males were being fed with a drug that made them
  produce sperm in large quantity. A single male could produce 4 liters of sperm
  a day. Women drink it instead of milk and in food also. The males are all tied
  tightly and in small boxes with only their cock sticking out. In the box they
  are totally cut off from the outside and don't hear or see nothing. Their cocks
  are harnessed to a milking machine that work 20 hours a day and the sperm they
  produce is sent through a transparent tube to a large container. As she walked,
  Julia could see the long line of cocks sticking out of the boxes and the sperm
  flowing fast through the tube. It was quite a site. "Goddess it feels good
  to be a woman in the Federation".  
For the males it was pure hell. They felt their bags filling with sperm and
  the constant action of the milking machine drove them nuts. It was an orgasm
  after another non stop. They could not move and could not sleep much. They
  did no understand what was happening or how long this would last.  
Julia continued to the disciplinary area. She stopped in front of cell 4.
  There was a male in it. He was tied spread eagle. He was obviously in great
  pain. He was wearing the cage, another device to instill fear in the heart
  of males. The pain collar around his balls had been removed and replace with
  a "cage". The device was made of 8 metallic wire and completely enveloping
  the balls. It had small teeth inside. At first, the cage is big enough that
  it does not cause much pain to the male, but it slowly shrink and the sharp
  teeth dig into the balls causing increasing pain to the male. The cage had
  been shrinking for 6 hours and the male was now in excruciating pain.  
Julia looked at him through the door. It was a see one way type of material.
  The guard could look into the cell while the prisoner could not see anything
  outside. Julia looked at a monitor; the pain tolerance of the male was at 99.1%.
  This is the reason she was there. She had received training on the art of punishing
  males. Thousands of years of female domination had made women very good at
  taming the males. They shared their knowledge over the years and learn from
  each other while the males obviously could not do the same. The women, having
  access to the male brain, could determine the tolerance to pain of each male
  and knew precisely just how much pain was necessary to break a male. They would
  use their knowledge to punish a male very hard, but just not enough to kill
  him or drive him insane. The males did no know about this as for anything else
  in the Femina Empire, they were totally ignorant of these disciplinary tactics.  
That male had let his mind wander and he had wished that males too should
  have rights. This is the foundation of the Empire that males have no rights
  and she used him to practice her new skills. She put the cage on his balls
  and 3 times she let it go to 99% pain tolerance and then release the pressure.
  Soon the cycle would start again and he would be screaming in pain again.  
This was his last cycle. He had enough and she could read in his mind that
  he was tame. That beautiful animal will never wish for male rights again.  
She entered the cell. He barely saw her come in as he was in such agonizing
  pain. She got close to him. He was quite a sight. He was a big stud, almost
  2 meter tall and twice her size. He was tied in such a way that his spread
  arm and legs could not get close to his hurting balls. Pleeeeeeeeeeease, oh,
  meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeercyyyyyyyyyyyyyy. There was no pride left into this
  one. He was in to much pain to understand what she would say. She release the
  pressure from the cage and said "So, big guy, did you learn something?" He
  could barely speak, as the pain was still intense, but he said "Pleeeeeeeeeeeease
  Miiiiiiiiiiistress, this slave will neeeeeeever, never, neeeeeeeeever again
  think of male rights again." as he was desperately trying to convince her to
  stop the punishment. Julia could read in his mind that he was sincere. Actually,
  he was sincere, after the first cycle, but she wanted to drive the message
  in him. Don't mess with women.  
She said, "I have decided to check out just how well you have learned your
  lesson. The cage will not tighten for the night, so you can rest and tomorrow
  you will report to me, every few hours, the collar will let you know when,
  if I am satisfy with your efforts, I will see that the cage do not tighten
  up for another period, if I am not satisfy with you, I will let the cage tighten
  up again, and one more thing, I expect more enthusiasm from you when obeying
  women's order, understand?" Yes Mistress, I will be the best I can, Mistress,
  thank you Mistress" He had tears in his eyes.  
Julia left him in his position and left for the main deck. She was satisfied
  with her. That big stud was dearly afraid of her, and she had to admit, he
  was quite a piece of meat. She would not mind have him in her bed soon. There
  was so many naked males body around now to see that she thought she would get
  use to it. On the contrary, it seems a woman never get fed up to be with naked
  male slaves. "So many cocks, so little time"  
In the next few days the big stud, was a model slave. He worked very hard,
  was very enthusiastic in carrying orders and never, never gave another taught
  about male rights. She had him wash floors and clean rooms and his eagerness
  was amazing. Twice a day, she called him to her and adjusted the cage so that
  it would not tighten for a while.  
On the third day since he was put to work, Julia got dress in very sexy clothes,
  help by the 4 slaves that she kept in he private quarters. She was a very attractive
  woman tall, blonde with a nice breast. She put on a very short dress, very
  tight and a top with a deep V that did not leave too much to the imagination.
  She walk to the area were the stud was working. He was on his four, washing
  a floor with 2 other slaves. They were all working hard but he was working
  the hardest. She called him to her. When he realized Julia was there and calling
  him, he ran to her, with desperation, the possibility of having Julia unhappy
  with him, scarred him to death.  
He took the standard position in front of her but she released him and he
  stood there with his arm at his side. There was no shame in him anymore to
  be naked in front of a woman; he just wanted her to be please with him. "You
  have been working hard; cock and I could not read in your mind, any thought
  about male rights." As she was talking, he kept waving his head in agreement,
  in his eagerness to please her. He wanted to make sure that there was no doubt
  to her that he submitted to all women's order. "I want to test you some more
  to make sure that you understand your position as a slave. Tomorrow, I will
  have you explain, in my presence, to a group of slaves, what you did wrong
  and what your punishment was. I want you to explain to the slaves the consequences
  of losing the battle of the sexes and what is expected of them. You better
  be convincing. I will check your mind, and if I see that you are not sincere
  in any way, the cage will tighten up again. Go back to work now" The stud ran
  back to work. He was on his four, washing the flour again with his butt to
  her. He had his leg somewhat open, and she had a glorious view of his scrotum
  and the cage on it. Julia thought to herself; It is fun to be a woman here.  
She left to attend other duty, while the stud was already thinking about
  what he was gone say the next day. This is one of women favorite training technique
  to have a male explain what he did wrong, name and explain the control device
  he was wearing and explain the importance to submit totally to women as the
  loser of the battle of the sexes.  
The next day Julia got the 15 males assigned to cleaning duties on the ship,
  in one room. They were sitting on the floor. Julia was facing them, sitting
  in a chair. She got the stud to stand, facing the other males and she said "This
  male has been thinking about male rights. You have all been warned, it is strictly
  forbidden to think about that. Males have lost all their rights when they were
  enslaved by women. He has been punished for this offence and he will now share
  with us what happened. You may begin your confession, cock."  
The big guy was shaking; he was still wearing the cage, while the other males
  were wearing the regulation pain collar around their balls. He knew that if
  he was not convincing enough, he would be put through more pain. He started
  by explaining that he had been thinking that males should have rights also,
  while he was working. The Mistress had known about it immediately and he was
  punished by having a cage around his balls that caused him agony. He was sweating
  as he was talking. The other males, understanding what he went through, were
  listening in silence. They had no rights to talk without permission in Julia's
  presence anyway. The males continued by explaining that he had made a big mistake.
  Women have won the war of the sexes and males have given them their unconditional
  surrender. Males had given up all rights to women for ever and their only concern
  now was to serve them faithfully. He said he regretted his mistake very much
  and he had learned his lesson.  
Julia, having read his mind, days ago, knew that he was sincere. She interrupted
  him and said "I hope this is a lesson for all of you. Forget about any so called
  male rights and obey women to the letter at all times." She got up and went
  to the stud " I will take a chance that have learn your lesson but I will keep
  an eye on you. Any forbidden thought and you will not get away so easily next
  time. She had stood by the males so the other males could all see her remove
  the cage from his balls and put a regular pain collar on him. The lock to both
  devices reacted to female hormones and opened immediately. Women always preferred
  this kind of lock for these devices rather than micro ship lock that can be
  open on a thought. They like the intimacy of handling the male's part. It made
  them feel more in control and the males feel more dependants on the women.  
After a while, for the males, wearing the pain collar, like their neck collar,
  gives them a certain sense of security. If they please the women, they will
  not be punished but if the collar is removed, they are in trouble it means
  punishment of some sort is coming.  
Julia opened the cage and took it of the male's balls to his obvious happiness
  and them she took a pain collar from her pocket, and showed it to all the males. "Don't
  forget, you males are always within reach of feminine authority." The collar
  was a thin metal bracelet that had a swivel in the middle. She pused his penis
  aside and wrap the collar around his balls and locked it. He was standing with
  his hand at his side. She sent them all back to work. She checked their minds
  and you had there, a group of males absolutely dedicated to doing a good job.  
Lily was in a living room, she had all the boys in position in the stand
  by device. She had taken her first course at school the day before: Male Training
  101. She had to do her home work. She went outside to prepare a test for Daddy.
  There were some water toys around the family pool outside and she scattered
  them around. His Dad had been warned not to take one step outside the property
  without permission. He would be punished severely if he did. She put some of
  the toys out of limits for her Dad by 2 meters. Males have to obey women to
  the letter. If two orders are in conflict, they must ask for clarification.
  They must never assume anything, like an order should be obeyed before another
  one for example.  
 Carl and Jason and her Dad were sent working in the basement, cleaning the
  floor and after a while Lily called for her Dad. He heard her voice through
  the neck collar and he immediately rush upstairs. Lily was sitting in a cough
  in the living room. Tom dropped to the floor, knees wide apart, legs and back
  straight, with his fingers locked together, behind his neck. She wanted him
  to take that position instead of the regular standing position, because he
  was so much bigger than her.  
"Daddy, go clean up the toys, by the pool. Put them in the storage shed and
  continue washing the floor after that." Yes Mistress" Tom, got up and rush
  outside to do as he was told. He started to pick up the toys and then he realized
  he had a problem. He had been very sternly told not to take one step outside
  the property under no circumstances unless told to do so and there were two
  toys past the property line. He almost panicked. He wanted to obey Lily's order
  but he would get in trouble if he did. Then he realized that he had to ask
  for clarifications in all cases were he was unsure of what to do. He ran to
  the living room.  
He dropped to his knees, in the same position but lock his fingers on top
  of his head instead. That meant that he was asking permission to speak. He
  had to ask permission to his young daughter to speak and ask her permission
  to take two steps outside of the property. He did not care. This was the rule
  and he was determined to obey all rules. Julia had promised that if he obeyed
  women perfectly, she would not zap his balls again. She had made it clear that
  his opinion would never be ask for, actually he was forbidden to have any opinion
  from now on, even in the raising of his daughter, he had to obey her as any
  other woman.  
"Dad, I give you permission to speak. Once given permission to speak, Tom
  put his locked fingers behind his head, in the approved position.  
Tom said "Mistress, you told me to pick up the toys by the pool, but some
  of them are outside the property, this slave needs further instruction." Dad,
  I give you permission to walk outside the property to pick up the toys only,
  and when you are done, report to me" Yes Mistress" Tom rushed outside to continue
  his work. He was happy; he had found the correct thing to do in the circumstances.  
When he was done putting back the toys in the shed, he ran to the living
  room and drop again to the floor in the kneeling position. "This slave is reporting
  to you Mistress, as ordered."  
Lily smiled "Dad, you did well, these two orders were in contradiction, and
  you asked for clarification. I like that; you obeyed me to the letter, without
  trying to interpret my orders. You disserved a reward. Lick my feet" Yes Mistress" Tom
  almost dove to her feet and started to lick her right feet with enthusiasm.
  It may seems a humiliating thing to do for a free person, but when you are
  a slave and that the Mistress has the right of life and death over you, it
  is much better to be rewarded that way, then to be punished.  
Lily looked at him with delight. She loves to handle naked males. Like all
  other women, she will develop a passion for males, as she grow up. She feels
  like a Goddess. Lily cannot read the minds of the three males of the house.
  Only the owner of the males and the teachers can do that as a rule of thumb,
  but she is trying to get permission from Mom to get that power also. She would
  love to be able to read Jason's mind. Lily is determined to make a perfect
  slave out of him, and she would like to tease him by being able to read his
  mind.  
"That is enough Dad, go back cleaning the basement floor with Jason and Carl" Yes
  Mistress," and Tom rushed downstairs.  
 Lily smiled to herself, her first home work was done, and it was a success.  








Learning their places

 
  Benoit Nadeau
  Normal
   jim
  2
  283
  2006-01-22T10:37:00Z
  2006-01-22T10:37:00Z
  1
  2330
  13285
  Les tours du Roi Inc.
  110
  31
  15584
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Victors secret

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Jason was working
hard. One of his duties at school was to take his turn to do the cleaning. He
had been assigned with 5 other boys, to wash the juniors girls change room for
the gym. He was swiping the benches with a wet piece of cloths. All 6 boys were
concentrating on their job, doing the best they could, only hoping that the
women would be satisfied with their work. They were all naked and collared as
per the mandatory procedure in the Federation. Jason briefly looked at the
others. After 8 months of slavery, he found it normal to see the naked boys. He
had given up trying to hide his naked body for some times. He felt so naked and
defenseless in front of them. The women were making him take some position that
displayed him so completely and they could read his mind at will. That was
perhaps the worst. Women could read his mind at anytime. He would not feel
anything and would never know when it happens. It was painless. One feels so
naked in front of some one who can read your every thoughts and when that some
one also owns you, it make ones feels helpless. 

The six boys finished
their work, stored the cleaning equipment and waited in a line for the inspector to come back. She entered less than one minute
later. All the boys jerked in the standard position, hands behind their head,
leg spread and back straight. The girl, barely 18, looked at the boys with
satisfaction. A woman never gets tired to look at naked males. She check the
place and approved it, nobody would be punished. She gave them permission to go
to their next classes.

Jason went to the
class staying on the side of the corridors. Every time he would meet a girl or
a group of girls, he would take the standard position, on the side of the
corridor. Progress was sometimes slow, but a male must always make sure that he
shows proper respect to the women. Of course, standing like that in front of so
many girls, there would often be some hands touching his genitals or his butt. There
was nothing he could do. He just stood there, motionless, as is expected of
him. When you have no rights, this is a common situation one has to suffer. The
teenage girls are the worst. They never tired, of ordering boys and men around,
teasing them and caressing them. Males, who had been forced to have sex with
them, have grown afraid of them. Now that their inhibitions
was gone, they often liked to play it rough with their sex toys.

He entered the class;
it was the Slave etiquette and attitude
course. In it, he was learning how to behave with women, and how to please them.
Like all boys, he first hated it. He was made to move provocatively, to always
try to please them. He learned the many different slave position. At first, he
felt like a sex toy and he hated it, but gradually it became his favorite class.
In this world, males have very little influence on anything. The women decide
everything, but when she likes a male, he can get away with small things; he
can climb ever so slightly in the womans esteem and be treated with shreds of
respect. He worked at this course with passion. He wanted to learn how to
please women. All the other boys were the same. He did not realize of course
that it was all part of his training. Women had many thousands years of
experience of training males, experience that they had shares from generation
to generation. Males on the other parts were never allowed to share such
experience wiht others. Women found it important that
their males found hope for a better future, however limited. The males were so
eager to serves and please these all powerful women that they had lost any
concept of equality with women.

Jason stood in the
second of the four lines of boys. He could see the naked back and butts of the
boy in front of him. The boy had the standard bar code printed on his right butt.
How can you be anything more than a piece of property when you have a bar code
tattooed on you? Women sure knew how to drive their point home.

Mistress Jannath
entered the room. All the boys quickly took the standard position. She went to
her desk and pick up the bar code decoder and started in the first line. She
put the bar code on the boys ass cheek one after the other. It was not really
necessary, the collar gave the slave position at all time, but it made them
feel like a sex object. It was all part of training. She got to Jason. She
really like this male. She was 25, compare to his 18. He had a fire in him and
he was so good looking, she just likes him. She was careful not to punish him
to hard; she was bringing him along slowly. She did not want to punish him so
hard that the fear of women would paralyze him. She had talked to the other
teachers also to coordinate his training. He was coming along quite nicely. He
understood his place in the Federation, and was learning to be a slave but
without losing his personality. 

In many worlds, once
women had taken over, they had punished the males so much that they had lost
any feelings, except the fear of women. Thats the kind of males she did not
like.

She completed her
check with the bar code and went back to the front of the class. She put it
back on the desk and sat in the cozy chair in front of the males. Only women
sits on chairs, males sits on the floor. A chair is another symbol of womens
superiority. Jason stood with the other in the standard position. He was afraid
and excited at the same time. He had learned to stare at a womans breast,
never in his eyes. At no time, must his eyes go any higher than her breast. It
would be improper, with all the consequence that it would bring. He was wearing
a 2 cm. wide ring around his cock, like all the others, it fit tightly and if
he would have an erection, the pressure in the ring would cause great pain. He
had once had an erection in the middle of the night and he was still shivering
at the souvenir, but at the same time this woman excited him so much. She was
so beautiful, a slim, sexy brunette, about 7 years older than him. She had long
lovely legs, that a mini skirt displayed fully and has all women now; she had a
deep cut blouse that revealed much. Women were very conscious of their breasts,
since males had to stare at them in their presence. However, he always, seems
to get in trouble with her. She would single him out often and caned or whipped
regularly. She would always do it manually. He knew that she could use the
collar around his neck with a simple thought but she never did it that way. 

Sit, boys All the
boys went down at once. Lets go over some previous lesson first, She had
always an attitude of superiority that scarred Jason. Jason, what do you think
of Males right Jasons heart sank. He was very afraid of this subject. It was
so difficult to convince women that the boys were against males right, that he
would most often end up being punished. She pointed at Jason. He sprang up and ran
to her. He fell on his knees, kept them wide, put his hands behind his head and
said Mistress, males have lost the battle of the sexes and have totally
surrendered to women. The universe is a much better place since we, males, have
been enslaved. It is a peacefull and happy universe, thank you so much
Mistress, We males only want to serve you Jason started to have tears going
down his cheek. He was sure he would be punished. That is enough Jason, I like
to eagerness to answer. Lick my feet He could not believe his luck. To be
allowed to lick a womans feet is a reward, that a males get and the option is
punishment. Jason rush to her feet and start licking her right foot. She asked
another question to one of the boys. Jason did not listen to the conversation;
he was concentrating on licking her feet. A boy, when rewarded with the
permission to lick a womans feet must show great enthusiasm. Anything less
could be an insult to the woman and he would get in trouble. Soon a boy joined
him at Jannaths feet and they licked her with a passion.

Jannath looked at them
for a moment. To have cocks, lick your feet is one of the small pleasures of
life. She went on with the course; soon she had them practice different
position. She would order them in a position and then inspect them but somehow
she always seems to be back checking Jason. She had them take the bend over.
The position, with their legs wide open, bended over and grab their ankles. She
walked in the lines and reach Jason from the back. She had a glorious view of
his ass cheek and his balls hanging just under. She grabbed them with her right
hand. She had a surprised for him. He was due to have a pain collar put around
his balls, he had reached the age, and she wanted to be the one to do it. This
is one of the binding and intimate acts between a woman and a male. When a
woman put a pain collar around his symbol of maleness and activates it, it
always creates a special relationship between them. The male, even if he knows
that all women can activate the collar, always, have an intense desire to
please her and to submit to her. More than any other punishment, the activation
of the pain collar around the male balls, makes him a slave to womanhood. 

Jason heard her walked
behind him. With his head down, he saw her feet, behind him, he realize just
how much expose he was, but there was nothing he could have done. He felt her
hand grabbed his balls and he gasp but was careful to keep his position.

The class came to an
end and they left. Jason returned home in the slave school bus, which had no
seats except for the driver. 

Mistress Lily was
waiting for him. His little sister never gave him much of a break. She put him
to work immediately. He cleaned the floor basement. He was on his four, beside
his father and Karl. They were scrubbing it, facing the far wall, when the
heard the door open and Lily entered the room. They were facing away from her
and she stopped behind them. She had a glorious view of the males ass. They
had their legs spread somewhat and Lily could see their balls and cock hanging
below their but. She could see both Tom and Karls pain collar around their
balls and the still not collared balls of Jason. She loved it. She loved the
new found power she had over the boys. She reached out for their mind. Karl was
his usual self. As an Alien male, he was simply happy to be allowed to execute
his Mistress order. He had no fear of her, in his mind she was so vastly
superior that he would rely on her for his safety, well being etc. There was a
special bond between Lily and Karl that she loved. He accepted his servitude
totally. All his action was directed toward pleasing her. Tom,
was motivated by fear. He had been punished several times by Julia mainly and
he had his balls zapped. He worked hard to avoid punishment. Jason was
different. He was now afraid of woman but he was also humiliated to be naked
and to be a slave. He had not been punished very hard yet. Lily wanted to bring
him along slowly. She enjoyed tormenting her older brother, but she understood
the power she had over the boys. She could inflict him so much pain that he
could turn insane. She did not want to do that, she just wanted to have fun
with him and she was in a position to do so.

Lily went back
upstairs to await for a visitor. She had a surprise
for Jason.

&nbsp;

He was almost done
when he heard her voice in a speaker in his collar. Jason, come to the living
room. Jason shot up and ran to her. Another problem he had was that he would
do everything as told, and then Mistress Lily would still punish him because
she found him too slow, of course he had no right to an opinion. 

He got to the living room, Lily was sitting there with another woman. Jason took
the standard position in front of his younger sister He stared at her breast.
She was wearing a provocative low cut, that hid very little of her young breast.
Jason, the time has come for you to start wearing a pain collar around your
balls. Jannath has volunteered to do it. Jasons hearth jumped a beat, the
other woman was Jannath. He did not understand, he could barely say, Yes
Mistress Both girls had looked into his mind as he recognize
Jannath and they smile to themselves. There was very little explanation given
to Jason. That is the way to treat males. Anything that had to be arranged was
done without his knowledge. He only had to obey.

Jannath had found a
way to introduce herself to Lily and had convinced her to let her have Jason
for a month. She had found that Lily was interested in two boys that she had
played with, before the Federation came. Once of them was a huge, strong guy,
that was a football player and the other one was her sweet heart. He had always
watch over her and she liked him very much. Jannath
had been able to acquire them and had let Lily have them for a month in the trade.


Jason found himself
following Jannath to her car; she got him to kneel between the seats and drove
away. Jason did not know what to make of it. He was in the hands of that woman,
who likes to punish him so much. He had his head to the floor and did not see
where they were going. He was shaking as she drove home.

&nbsp;

Lily was in the living room, waiting with
trepidation. Jannath had given him two boys that she wanted dearly in exchange
for two months with Jason. There was Victor her childhood sweetheart and big
boy called Dan that likes to tease her all the time and make her life
difficult, now she would make his life difficult. Both boys had stayed in their
mothers house for the last few months and they were still shy to be naked in
front of women. 

Lily had given
instruction to Karl, and soon he entered the living room, followed by the two
boys. They both had their hands in front of them, hiding their genitals. They
had no pain collar yet around their balls but they had all other mandatory
control device on them. They stood in front of her. Karl, stand by the wall
Karl, said Yes Mistress and rush to the wall where he took the standard
position.

She looked at the boys
for a moment. They both were red almost from head to toe. They realize that
they were standing in front of their new owner. 

I am happy to have
you both here. I will see that you become well train and be good slaves. I
expect total obedience from both of you. That will not be enough to keep you
out of trouble, but it will help. Dan, you remember all the trouble you always
gave me? Dan lowered his head even more, He did not saw anything. I asked you
a question and you did not answer, that deserve a punishment. Karl, take Dan to
the basement and chain him up. Yes Mistress Karl immediately took Dan to the
basement. Lily had previously given some instruction to Karl on how to tie Dan.
She had in mind to whip him for a welcome to his new life. 

Victor was standing in
front of her, hands in front of him, head down and red as a tomato. Lily got up
and walked to him and circled him, looking at his body. He was truly beautiful,
with well define muscle, and great looking buts. She liked him very much. She
taught to herself. This is the one; he
will be the first boy to have sex with me. She would bring him along slowly
and teach him slavery as she was learning herself to
be a Mistress. She walked behind him and caresses his but. 

Victor had a problem,
he felt like using his hands to move her hands away but that would be
uncovering his genitals. He chooses to keep his hands in front of himself. Lily
smile to herself, reading the mind of Victor. He would spend the rest of his
life naked and she would see that he be working hard for her. Sooner or later
she would be able to look at Victors secret. 














The early days

 
  Benoit Nadeau
   jim
  2
  179
  2007-01-18T01:45:00Z
  2007-01-18T01:45:00Z
  1
  1921
  10953
   
  91
  25
  12849
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Processing

&nbsp;

Note: This a description
of the way, males are prepared to live in the Femina Empire. Comments are
welcome. How would people in different situation, society etc react to the new
situation. Comments are welcome, especially from people that had given me ideas
before, more would be appreciated. I lost all addresses due to computer
problem.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The first day at work was one
of role reversal. All the men turned over their supervisory
jobs. Women were now in charge, of course there were much to know about the
work everywhere and men had to help by explaining whatever there was to know to
their new boss. Each man had his collar program to be at work for a certain
time and back home by a certain hour, even the route he would take was
programmed. Every woman was carrying a remote control and could punish an
aggressive male by deactivating it. All the women were feeling that the balance
of power was shifting in their favor. 

The Alien women announced on
TV that factory for the permanent enslavement of males were being setup in
major center. They explained that it would take months to complete the work,
since it is a more complex than a simple neck collar. They assured earth women
that once permanently enslave, the males of the planet would be most eager to please
their owner, they said that priority would be given to high ranking women to
have their males properly enslaved. 

Lindsay was a very rich
woman, was chosen in the first group to get Ben permanently enslave. She had
moved in Bens former apartment and had been busy counting her money. She could
not believe how rich she was now. On the morning of the third day, she drove
Ben to the factory. He was sitting beside her and was nervous. Lindsay, I am
scare, what will they do to me in there. I dont know Ben, but there is no
way out for you. I am very happy to be your owner and truly, I want you to be
permanently enslaved. You and everything else is mine
now. This is a terrible thing that is
happening to us men, you women sure did not protest very much. Lindsay laugh
and said You are right, but that is the way now honey

They arrived at the factory.
Lindsay parked the car and they walked to the entrance. This was a big building
that had been transported whole at that place. Days ago it was a baseball field
there. Lindsay was carrying Bens file in her hand. They entered the building
and approached a lady at a desk. It was an Alien woman. Ben looked down, afraid
of her. Lindsay gave her the file and she looked into it. She checked her
computer and smiled to Lindsay. Welcome with us Ms Carter. We will be please to
process your male. Lindsay turned around and kissed Ben. Just do as your told and everything will be fine, there is no way out
Ben I know Lindsay, please come back soon. I will come back to pick you up
as soon as you are ready, dont worry.

The woman led Ben to the
right and had him walk in another room. She gave his file to a young woman and
went back to her table. In this room the young woman, said, Strip Ben looked
at her with surprise. He had never been naked in front of a stranger. He
realize that he better obey to avoid trouble so he undress in front of her.
There were a basket in front of him and she had him put all his clothes in it.
He wondered what he would be wearing. When he was naked, he kept his hands in
front of his genitals. She told him to move to the side of the room. There were a rail running on the floor and
one on the ceiling. There were short chains and bracelets on the floor and ceilings.
Lock your ankles in the bracelets. He did so. He could only make small steps
with that, and then she said Lock one wrist in the bracelets. He did so and
then she tied his second wrist. He had to keep his arm elevated but it was not
too tight. Then she put a gag in his mouth in the shape of a ball. It
immediately expended and filled his mouth inside his teeth. He had to keep his
mouth has open as he possibly could. 

Then, the young woman, did something unimaginable to Ben. She tied the file
to a small rope and tied the other end to his scrotum. He was read from head to
toe in shame. Start to walk He realized that the device that was connected to
the chain started to move forward. He followed without problem despite the
small step he was taking. The door in front of him opened and he walked in
another room. There he saw that the rail was leading him to a group of males
that were locked in the rail as he was. The device had him walked 30 cm behind
the man in front of him and then stopped. The man in front of Ben was naked has
he was and Ben could see that he had his file tied up to his scrotum also. Ben
could see about 50 men and they were all tied up in the same way with the file
attached to their scrotum This is no way to treat us. Ben was furious, scared
and humiliated at the same time. 

He waited and then he saw an
women enter the room. She walked to the first man in the line and took his
file, she had left the rope attached to his balls, she briefly read the file
and then she grabed the rope and pulled him along. Ben was horrified, how can
women do that to men, He heard the noise of the next man, lining up behind him.
Gradually, the line up shortens ahead of him and grew behind him. He had to
keep his hands up. There were some loose but he still had to keep his hands
slightly above his head.

The last man ahead of him was
gone and the woman came back for him. She picked up the file, looked at it and
then she grab the rope and pull on it as she started walking. Ben had no choice
but to follow. He was red from head to toe. A woman was pulling on a rope tied
to his testicles. Ben had no choice but to take small step with the rail
between his legs and his arms chained to the ceiling. She seemed to understand
his problems and as long as he would make a decent effort to follow her, she
did not pull hard on the rope. They walked along a corridor and finally entered
another room. It looked like a doctors clinic. She got him to stop in the
center of the room. Ben had no choice but to obey, that was the end of the rail
and a block prevented the chain from going any farther. He waited there for a
moment and suddenly he felt the chain tighten up at the ceiling. They were
raising and spreading his arms and legs. He was soon suspended spread eagle,
just too high so that he could not touch the ground. His legs were as far apart
as he could take, and with the ball gag in his mouth he could not protest. The woman remove the rope from his scrotum and she left the room
and Ben found himself alone, wondering what would happen next. It was not a
comfortable position, but he was not eager to find out what would happen next. 

After some time another woman
entered the room. She casually looked at his naked body and looked at the file,
on a desk. She opened Bens neck collar and removed it. Instantly he was in great
pain. He was not moving much in his bondage, and the woman returned with
another collar. It was black and was thicker, about 4 cm high and 4 cm thick.
It was made of metal. She put it around his neck and the pain stopped
immediately. She used a hand tool and she sealed the collar around his neck.
That collar would not be remove from Bens neck until
the day he dies. It was loose enough so has not to be uncomfortable, but Ben
could feel its presence and weight without looking at it. Then she used a remote
control, and a helmet was lowered form the ceiling. She put it on Bens head.
His whole head was in it. He waited and then he felt douzen of needles
punctured his skull and enter his brain. There was no pain for once, The helmet was attached to a metal rod and he could not move
his head by one millimeter. The helmet was removed and the woman looked at a
monitor and seamed satisfied. Ben could not make sense of any of this. The
woman covered his eyes and used a spray on his body except for the head. He lost
all his hair. From now on, he would have no pubic hair, beard etc, save for his
head. She then used another spray, on his foot and leg right half way between
his knee and his groin. She removed the cover over his eyes, and went to a
table. She put a black, metallic bracelet around his wrists and ankle and
sealed them in the same way as with the neck collar. Ben would be wearing these
wrist and ankle cuffs for the rest of his life.

She came back with a syringe. Ben was not
prepared for what was coming next. He did not realize what she was gone do,
until she grabbed one of his testicles. He looked at her in horror, surely, she
would not insert the needle in his ball, but she did. Bens body twisted as
much as he could, in pure agony. She pushed the needle in the testicle and
dropped a microchip. Ben was still in agony when she did the same with the
other testicle. He was in shock. He had never felt so much pain in his life.
The woman returned to her table and came back with a small collar. Ben taught
What is this now? She took his scrotum in her hands and closed the collar
around it. Of no, I am gone be wearing a collar around my balls too. She back
up a few step and looked at him. She grabbed a hand tool on the table and came
behind him. He suddenly screamed in extreme pain. He had been branded with the
sign of woman on earth on his left cheek ass. A circle, with
a plus sign hanging down. Each planet of the federation has it own sign
of ownership on the male and this one is would be the distinctive mark of
planet earth. The woman then went back to the table and came back with another
hand held device. Ben was afraid that he would be branded again. He felt a
small pain but nothing more. The woman had tattooed a bar code on his right
cheek ass. Male are pieces of property, and as such, they were wearing a bar
code that told all usefull information about them.

So far she had been totally business like, but
now a small looked of concern was on her face. As much as she likes handling
males, she did not like to zap their balls. She knew it was necessary to show
them obedience. That was so painful for them. On a mind command she zapped his
balls. Bens body exploded. This was worse than anything else so far. He had no
idea that the body could suffer so much pain. He was all agony. He lost senses
of anything else. There was nothing but the pain.

The pain gradually decrease
and Ben became aware of his environment. He was laying on the floor, in a fetal
position, in a small cage. It was too short for him to lie down, and too low to
sit down. He could only sit or lay down in a crouch position. When the pain had
subsided enough, he sat with his back to the wall of the cage. He was shaking
with the taught of the pain he had gone through. Women can do that to men? This
is the most terrible thing possible. He was scared of these Alien women. 

The cage had full wall on the
side, so he could not see his neighbor, but he could see other cages across the
corridor. In all of them, there were men who were waking up after what seemed
the same painful experience he went through. There was a small pipe coming out
at the top of the cage, he realized he could get water from there and there was
a hole in a corner of the floor for his waste. A woman walked by in the
corridor. He backed up against the far wall of the cell, in fear. Long after
she was gone, he relaxed a bit. He suddenly felt the presence of the collars he
was now wearing. There was the collar around his neck, the wrist and ankle
bracelets and the most scary and embarrassing, the one around his balls. He
realized that he would never be free again. His priority from now on is to
avoid the pain he add suffered when his balls had been zapped. The scary thing
is that if it was done once, it surely can be done again by women, probably at
will. Ben resolved to do anything he was told to avoid more punishments. He
noticed a small bowl hanging from the middle of the door. He looked into it and
saw what looked to be dog food. If he was hungry, that would have to do. 

He waited, trying to make
himself forgotten. He could see 5 cages from where he was and the men they
contained were now fully awake. Nobody was saying anything, even if they had
their gag remove. There was too much fear into them, nobody wanted to attract
the attention of a women. Ben guessed that there were other men on each side of
him, but he could not tell for sure. He kept waiting and finally dozes off to
sleep. There was no way to tell time in there. Ben would soon learn that slave
time is not important, if they are not needed, they are simply stored away.

All the men must have been
processed in the same group. Occasionally, a woman walked along the corridor,
sending a wave of fear amongst the men. He just hoped that Lindsay would come
soon to pick him up and go home. Ben just hoped he would be her slave and that
she would treat him well. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














FEMINA EMPIRE 101

 
  Benoit Nadeau
   jim
  2
  1507
  2007-03-02T17:26:00Z
  2007-03-02T17:26:00Z
  1
  2744
  15647
   
  130
  36
  18355
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








FEMINA EMPIRE 101

&nbsp;

Once Lindsay had left Ben at
the male processing plant, she went on to her own appointment. The letter of
invitation mentioned an introduction to the Femina Empire. Lindsay was all in
favor of it and quite happy to go. She was getting all of Bens money and she
was getting Ben as a bonus. 

Lindsay arrived at the
location where she would be introduce to the Femina
Empire. She entered the building and showed her papers to an Alien woman,
sitting at a desk. She checked Lindsays paper and said with a smile Welcome
to the Femina Empire introductory course. Please follow me. She led Lindsay
into a room where several other women were waiting. They were all sitting in
comfortable chairs, chatting. There is a large desk in front with an equally comfortable
chair. Lindsay sat down also. They were
very luxurious chairs; it is good to be a woman in the Empire. 

There were enough room for 20
women and soon all chairs were taken. Finally an Alien woman enters from a door
facing the chairs. She walked in front of the audience and said

Ladies, I want to welcome
you to the Femina Empire. All of the most advanced part of the universe is
dominated by women and your world has achieved sufficient progress to become
part of the Empire. You will now lives in a world where you will be what you
were meant to be, that is leaders and thinkers of your society and where males
will be what they were meant to be, slaves and workers, servants of the Empire.
We, women, have real, strong emotions, males do not, they can not understand
things as well as we do. They are however, bigger and stronger physically so as
to be able to do all the physical work expected of slaves. 

In primitive society, males
are dominant and that is necessary to protect us from the hostile environment
but unavoidably, comes a time where a civilization reaches a point where women
take over as rulers. It is necessary, because males are so violent, that if
given powerful weapon, they will destroy everything including themselves. Women, being pacifist, can rules over a more
humane society. 

Women of the Empire have
learned to harness the energy of our male servant and to control them totally. 

First, let me describe your
rights and responsibilities in the Empire. All women are citizen of the Empire
and have the full rights associated with that. You have now the right to vote.
You have the right to own goods, animals including human males. You have the
rights to travel anywhere in the Empire. You have full legal rights and in the
Empire legal system, a woman is consider innocent
unless proven guilty of a crime. That brings me to the subject of male rights.
This is the major difference from your old life and this new one. In the
Empire, males have no rights whatsoever. They are pieces of property. There is no
such thing as a free male, as there is no such thing as a free car, both have
to be own by someone. Males are the absolute property of women who have the
right of life and death over them. We keep males around to do all the manual
work and we keep them around of course as sex toys. 

In the Femina Empire you will
only have to do managerial and intellectual work. You will always have a good
supply of males around, to carry out your orders. 

I realize that it is a big
change in life style for you. The days where you had to take into account the
opinion of your husband or boyfriend is over.

The status of males is always
a big concern for new women of the Empire, so let me continue on this subject.
I will introduce you to a male from my home planet. We have been part of the
Empire for 2,000 years; it means that this male and all his ancestors have been
slaves of womanhood for 2,000 years. This male has no concept of liberty or
doing something on his own. He is truly a servant. His mind is totally focused
on serving and pleasing us. She turn around and said Come here cock A male
appeared by the same door, he ran to her and stood in front of her, with his
hands behind his head, legs slightly apart
and his eyes down somewhat. 

There was a murmur of
pleasure in the group of women. He was a beautiful male. Almost 2 meter high,
with large shoulders, a nice tan body and a big huge cock hanging. He was a
full head taller than the Alien woman. She stood beside him, caressing his but
with her right hand. This male is much stronger than me physically but he is
wearing control devices that give me more than enough control over him. He is,
believe me, under my total control and he knows it.

A woman in the crowd asked:
But, how can they accept slavery, dont they have male association fighting
for their rights, or representation of some sort?

The Alien woman smiled and
said: No they dont. I will explain you in a moment how we control them, but
let me tell you this, all our males are eager to show us that they have no concern
about the way society is being run. They dont have a clue of what is going on
and they dont try to find out either, this is womens business, and they know
that getting involve in this, would get them in trouble. Now let me explain to
you how exactly the control devices work and how we control them.

She went on to explain in
details how the control devices worked. The women could not believe it. They
were most impressed by the mind reading. They loved the fact that from now on
they could read the mind of the males and they were relieved to know that other
women could not do the same. Only the owner of a male can read his mind, unless
given permission. The women understood that with so many control devices, males
would not stand a chance to escape or to organize a rebellion. They felt safer,
they were still thinking in their old ways, fearing males strength.

We want males to obey us
with the most absolute urgency and most importantly to obey us to the letters.
Males must never try to interpret what we mean by an order, they must obey to
the letter, nothing less. For a male, a womans word is absolute law. Let me
show you an example of this. She went to her desk, while the male stood
motionless in his display position. She took a laser pen and turned it on and
put it in a holder, pointing at the floor. There was a red dot showing on the
floor. She said, Boy, come here He ran to her and took back his position in
front of her. Take the towel on the desk and scrub this red dot on the floor
until it disappears. He ran to the desk, grabbed the towel and fell on his
knees, and started scrubbing the floor, trying to remove the dot. All the women
started to laugh. 

Women, this is real
obedience, he is not crazy, he knows that it is just a point of light, but a
woman has given him an order. If she says that he must scrub the red dot away,
he will do it without questioning her orders. This is the kind of obedience you
will get from you males from now on. I will now introduce you to a group of
males from the Empire. They are well trained. You will see how dedicated they
are to obey your every command. She pushed on a button on her watch and a
group of 20 males entered the room and they all lined up in position, hands
behind their head, leg apart, back straight.

The women moved nervously,
being earth women they still feared males strength and aggressiveness. The
alien woman, seeing this, reassured them. Do not worry, these males are
totally submissive. Their ancestors have been slaves to womanhood for over 3,000
years. They do not have any concept of any possibilities to
resist to a womans order. I will soon direct one to each of you. You will
notice that when the slave will stand in front of you, he will stare at your
breast. Males are not permitted to look into a womans eyes unless told to do
so, by default they will look at your breast if standing up and at your feet
when they are kneeling. All the women started to laugh. Girls, it is up to
you to look your best at all time, because in the Femina Empire, you will have
many males staring at your breast every day.

She directed each male to a
women and Lindsay found herself with a beautiful, naked males in front of her.
He was a full head taller then she, with a well tan body, and a big cock
hanging in front of him. He was wearing all the mandatory control devices. She
could see, behind his cock, part of the pain collar surrounding his balls. He
was about 25 years old, very muscular and he looked healthy. He did not seem
embarrassed at all to be naked and wearing all the control
devices. Lindsay realized that it was simply very natural for him. He was
staring at Lindsays breast. She felt a bit unease but also excited at the same
time.

Ladies, you have in front of
you, the results of thousands of years of male training. They are totally
focused on serving you. To them we are superior being to the level of
Goddesses. Their only education is how to serve women. They dont know how to
read or write, or any education in science. They live in a world they dont
understand, and that only women can control. To them, the only meaning to their
lives is in serving women. She pointed at the male who was still trying to
scrub away the red dot. Absolute obedience to women is their only goal in
life. I will now allow each of you to read the mind of the slave in front of
you. As you know, usually, only the owner of the slave can read his mind, but
permission can be given to any other women She used a remote and suddenly,
Lindsay gasped, she could read his mind. He was tensed and concentrating hard
to kept the proper position and to look submissive enough. She saw that he was
in awe in front of her. He was looking at an all powerful women. There was not a
hint of embarrassment in his mind because he was naked and collared. He was a
slave, in front of a woman, thats all. The alien woman distributed a laminated
paper to each woman on which Lindsay say the picture and name of different
slave position. 

I would like you to tell
your slave to take different position as per the sheet I have just given you.
We usually address our males as Slave or
Cock. You can address him as anything
you want. Males dont own a name, they are given one for practical reason and it
can be taken away from them and given another as per the Mistress will.

Lindsay laughed like all the
other women, the taught to call a man by the name of cock was a new concept to her. She was a
bit unease but she said Kneel cock He dropped on his knees, with his hands
still behind his head, knees wide apart and staring at her feet. She got him to
take different position, on his knees, on hi back, standing up. He was eager to
perform well for her. Finally she had him in the display position again. She
got up and ran her right hand on his muscular body. He grew a huge erection
right of way. She could see that he found her beautiful. She hesitated a second
and then she grabbed his cock with her left hand. She could see that he was
having a hard time to stay in position. Lindsay taught that despite all the
hardship that women have put them into; males are still very much attracted to
women. 

Lindsay decided that she
really like that males. If all the males of the federation are like him, she
would enjoy herself very much. 

The alien woman had the
males go at heels, kneeling on the left of the women they were serving and she
went on to describe in more details their new live in the federation. She
concluded by saying that they were more powerful women, that is the reason they
were introduce first to the federation, and that they could purchase the male
they were introduce to, if they wanted. All the women decided to purchase the
male that they had met. 

The Alien woman said that the
meeting was over, in the weeks to come, they would be introducing to the
Federation in more details. She ordered the male who was scrubbing the floor to
stop. He was sweating, and looked tired, but he had never stopped scrubbing. Lindsay
grabbed the male by the balls and inspected his genitals. This is something
that she would never have considered doing only weeks ago, but that was a
different world now, a womans world.

Lindsay ordered the males to
follow her and she went to the hall where she ask about the procedure to
purchase the male. The alien woman, at the counter said that for the time being,
earth money would be used, so she could pay with a credit card. The regular
price for the male was $5,000 dollars but all women had a 10% discount the
first time they buy a male, therefore the final price is $4,500. She said that
these prices were competitive with Wall-Male, the famous low price super store
for male trading. Lindsay was a bit embarrassed to do that to a male, but she
signed the purchased slip. She looked at him, a bit guilty, but he did not mind
at all. His heart was pounding. He found it natural to be purchased by a woman,
but he found her absolutely beautiful and he taught this was a dream come true
for him. Lindsay saw that his only concern was to make her happy with her
decision to purchase him. She was also given a bag of food for him. He carried
it of course as they headed for the car. This food was very similar to dog
food, dry brown pellets. She also had notes that included everything that was
discuss and more, especially about males, positions, punishment, the way to
order them around, etc. He carried the bag to the car.

Ben was waiting in his cage.
He was eagerly waiting for Lindsay to come back for her. He realize that from
now on, since he is a male, he would not go anywhere without permission. He was
getting hungry so he tried the food in the bowl. It looked like dry dog food.
It was tasteless. This is what I am gone eat for the rest of my life He shook
his head, dry dog food and water, that would be boring. He would never think
about complaining. He realizes by now, that males just dont complain about
anything. Punishments would be right there. 

When they got to the car, he
opened her door, she got in and then he opened the back door, put the bag of
food on the seat and knelt between the seats. Lindsay was surprised at first,
but realizes that males are not allowed to sit in chairs; they must sit on the
floor only. In the Femina Empire it would be improper to have a male sitting
beside a woman, while she drives. 

She started driving home and
she read his mind to see what he was thinking. He was tense, trying to please
his new Mistress and he was trying to be as quiet as possible, so as not to
disturb her from what she was doing. Males must make themselves discreet when
not needed.

She could not believe that she actually owned
a male. She never taught that was possible, just a few weeks ago.

They arrived home, she told
him to follow her. They entered the house. It was a very large house, very
luxurious. She showed him all the different part of it and she showed him where
was located all the cleaning equipment he would need to know. She showed him
the kitchen. Being an Alien, he did not know anything about earth cooking; this
is something that Ben will have to show him. Lindsay wondered where he would be
sleeping. She had an idea; she smiled to herself and told him to follow her.
They went to the basement and she showed him the space below the stairs. She
showed him an exercise mat. She told him
to put it on the floor under the stairs and told him that he would be stored in
this space when not needed. She then told him she was going in the living room,
she told him to get her a juice over there. She made sure she asked for
something not to difficult to get to make sure everything went right. She then
walked, like a Queen to the living room while the slaves rushed to get her a
drink. 

She sat down in a couch and
waited, ready to be serve by a naked male slave. She was very excited, this was
the first time that she would be serve in such a way, and it was no game. She
owned the male, he was her legal property and she could do whatever she wanted
with him, no wonder, males are so eager to please, it is vital for them to
please someone who has so much power over them. 

The male came back, holding
the glass of juice on a tray. He moved to her side and lowered the tray for
her. He was so excited to serve this beautiful Mistress that he was sporting a
huge erection and he was holding the tray just below his genital so that
Lindsay had a view to the glass of juice beside a big erected penis and a
scrotum surrounded by a pain collar. She was so please by the view that she was
out of breath for a moment. She taught to herself, that a pain collar around
male balls is the most beautiful view a woman can possibly see. All the while
he was staring at her chest as he was train to do.

She took the drink and told
him to put the tray down on the coffee table and to kneel in front of her. He
did so immediately.

What is your name boy? This
slave as no name Mistress, slaves own nothing, not even a name. Lindsay
smiled; women really have absolute control over their males. Very well, what
could I call you? She taught for a moment and said, for now I will call you boy, that will do

She grabbed her notes from
the Femina 101 introduction course and browse trough it and looked in the
section on slave position.

Boy, Display position He
jumped up and took the display position, Lindsay was impress by the speed with
witch he took the position. She figured that he must have practice that
position often. She got him to take various positions. He was always very quick
and smooth to take the various positions. He had practice these positions all
of his lives. For a male, it is a way to be polite to a woman. He is not
allowed to speak without permission or even to move out of position without a
reason in the presence of a woman, so the only way to show how much he respect
and admire her is to stand beautifully for her. Women know that of course and
encourage it and show their appreciation of their males efforts.

Lindsay had learned enough in
her introductory course. She wanted to buy a few items and she wanted to bring
them home before she would go get Ben. She wanted a pillory, a whipping post, a
large wheel, where her boys would exercises; she also wanted a collection of
whips, cane and restraints of all kind. Ben will be in for a surprise.

Two days later, once the
house was organized as per Lindsay new ideas, she drove to the processing
center to collect Ben. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;













First Training Session


Ben was waiting in the cage. He saw a woman enter the warehouse and open a cage across from where he was. She ordered the male out of the cage and told him to put his hands behind the collar with the bracelet touching the collar. He did so. Ben saw with horror that she tied a small rope to his balls and tied the other end to the side of the cage. She repeated the process and tied a second male to the rope of the first male. She continued her work and the line of naked male grew longer. Eventually, she opened the door of Ben&#8217;s cage and let him out. He put his hands behind his head, with the wrist bracelet touching the collar. He felt them lock together. The women tied a rope around his balls and led him behind the last male in the chain. She tied the other end of the rope to the other male&#8217;s genitals and left. She came back soon with another male and he felt her hands tied a rope to the one that was already around his balls. He was now part of a chain of naked males; Ben was so ashamed that he was wanted to disappear. He was also very afraid to have his balls zap again. The fear of such punishment was greater than his shame. He did not move or protested in any way. Apparently, all the other men were as much afraid as he was, because no one protested. 
The woman had tied a chain of 24 males. She untied the rope in front of the first male and told them to follow her. She led them out of the warehouse, holding the end of the rope. They walked along a corridor. They met a woman twice. Ben was so ashamed; he just stared straight ahead as he walked by them. He was only one more male, in a long chain. The women seemed used to the sight as they barely looked at them, going by. Ben realized just how powerful women&#8217;s are in the Femina Empire. A single woman, could handle, a large group of males and none of them would dare to disobey her in any way for fear of punishment. Every single male in the line was stronger then that women and still, they were all afraid of her. 
They arrived in a large room. She untied them one by one and told them to stand on a red dot on the floor and wait. They all did as they were told and the woman left, closing the door. The men were left alone, but no one moved or said anything. Ben understood that he had been permanently enslaved, whatever it meant; he had better do what he was told. After a while, a woman entered the room. Once again she was alone, but no male dare to do anything against her. 
She walked in front of the group of males and said.
I am here to introduce you to your new life. You males have been permanently enslaved. I will demonstrate to you the power that women have and show you the basics skill required of you in order to survive in the Empire. There will be much more for you to learn later on, but I will cover the basics.
As you know by now, you are now slaves, you have no rights whatsoever and you are the property of a woman or a company. There is no such thing in the Femina Empire as a free male, as there is no such thing as a free car. Your owner has the right of life and death over you and absolute obedience is expected of you. You will address women of all ages, as Mistress. Even young girls are Mistresses to you.
You are all wearing a pain collar around your balls and it has been activated once. You will be wearing this discipline device or a more terrible one, for the rest of your life 24 hours a day. It can be activated by any woman, and your Mistress can activate it at a distance. It can be done on a simple taught from the woman. These collars respond to women&#8217;s brain waves. Several males started to cry in fear. To have their balls zap was the most painful experience of their lives and to know that any woman could do it again.
The good news for you is that women are very much disciplined about zapping male&#8217;s balls. We do it for very specific reason. If you disobey an order, your balls will be zap immediately, if you talk back to a woman or if you have an opinion on something, your balls will be zap, on the other end, if you refrain of making such mistake, your balls will not be zap. We have other painful ways of keeping you males in line. As far as being naked is concerned, you will be kept naked at all times, for the rest of your life, even if weather or work conditions do not permit it, you will be wearing transparent suits. Your body will be displayed to women at all times.
Now, let me explain some more ways that we control our males. Microchips have been implanted in your brain. They serve two functions. The first and most important one is to give the ability to read your mind. Your owner can read your mind at any times she chooses. If you taught are unacceptable, you owner will be advise by the computer and you will be punished. Any taught that you have is stored in the computer and can be retrieve by your Mistress at any times. If you are negligent in your work, think about male&#8217;s right, or in any way, you do not meet the standard set by your Mistress, she will be advised by the computer and you will be punished. The second way, the microchip is used, is that it trigger the sensory pain in your brain to the maximum level that it can takes. Any woman can activate this type of punishment. She can make you feel that you are being beaten with a red iron or whip in the most painful ways. She can choose the location on your body and intensity of it. This generally happens when you displease a woman. You will soon realize that obedience is not enough to survive in the empire for males. You must show that you are enthusiastic about serving women, nothing less is accepted. The next item is the neck collar. It serves to protect you from the brain waves that are now activated permanently. It is a sophisticated computer that keeps in memory, all of your taught, control the pain collar around your balls and microchip in your brain. It is your best friend, and can be your worst enemy. It protects you from the brain waves, but can inflict you excruciating pain; of course it only obeys women&#8217;s order. There is a mic in the collar. Your Mistress can call you at any time to give you an order, for example to get a meal ready or to bring her something she needs. The collar also records your exact location at all times. Your Mistress knows where you are and what you are doing at all times and if she wants so, she can zap your balls or use the microchip to punish you at a distance. She can be a 100 km away, and still be able to punish you.
Now, let talk about the possibility that a slave attempt an escape. You might have guess by now, but escape is impossible for a male in the Federation. We know at all times where you are, what you think, and on top of that, we have at our disposal, the instant transportation technologies, similar to what you can see in your TV series call Star Trek. I will now demonstrate that to you.
She looked at a door and it opened, Women can even control the doors, with their minds. She chooses a male and told him to try to escape. She told him to run. There was a large garden with trees and all kind of plants pass the door. He started to run. She turns on a large TV screen. There was the drawing of the garden on the screen. She pointed at a dot on the screen. This dot is the location of the slave. As you can see, we know at all times where he is. If you plan to escape, we will know as soon as you think about it and you will be punished. If we choose to let you escape, we can monitor at all times your location. I could if I wanted to, zap his balls right now. She let him run for 5 minutes, and then she said, times to bring back the run away slave. She activated a control on her watch and suddenly the male appeared in front of her. He had been teleported back.
All the males fully understood that they were now under the absolute control of women. The power they had over them and the superior technology was awesome. They realized that they would be living in a world where women would hold all power. 
Let move to another subject. You are wearing wrist and ankle bracelets. You are to be wearing these at all times for the rest of your life. They are magnetic bracelets that are control by your neck collar. They are black at this moment, but look at them they will now turn blue. The males looked and, indeed, the bracelets turned blue, I want you to join your wrist bracelets together All the males did as ordered and realize that the bracelets were lock together. When the wrists or ankle bracelets are blue, if they touch each other, they locked together with a force that is way beyond your capacity to overcome. All women can activate the bracelet, through the neck collar and then when you are told to lock your wrist or ankle together, you are very securely tied up.
I am sure, that you now realize that women have all control over their males. You are now slaves, you will be treated as such in your new life, and you are expected to behave as slaves. You will find quickly that failure to live by the standards that women are setting, will be very painful
Let&#8217;s now talk about proper slave behavior. I will give you for now, the very basic attitude and position to know, to survive in the Empire. There will be much more to learn for you in the future. The very first thing to know as a male in the Femina Empire is that you must obey any women at all times, failure to do so would get your balls zap immediately. It is taken for granted that you will obey women&#8217;s order at all time. New males get in trouble for two reasons. First, you must obey women to the letter. If you are told to do something and you think, that she meant something else, you are in big trouble, for example, if you are told to wash a floor that you just washed. You are expected to washed it all again, as carefully as the first time, if you wash it carelessly, because it has just been wash anyway and you think that the Mistress did not realize it, you are in trouble. That floor has to be wash as carefully as the first time. The second way to get in trouble is to lack of enthusiasm to obey an order. You are expected to react to an order as if it is the most wonderful thing that ever happened to you. You are expected to display a joy and eagerness to serve women at all times. If you have sent to wash the same floor for the tenth times that day and you show disappointment to be made to wash it again, you are in for a painful moment.
When you are in front of women, you must never, unless told to do so, look at a woman in the face. If you are standing up, look at her chest, never higher. If you are kneeling, look at her feet. You are not allowed to talk without permission in front a woman. If you need to talk, you must put your hands over your head and if given permission to speak, you must put them behind your head, in the position I will show you shortly.
J will now show you the most basic position of all, the Standard or display position. You will take that position at all times in front of women, if you are not working or tied up somehow, for obvious reasons She pointed at a male and told him to come to her. He walked to her hesitantly, obviously afraid of her. She said I want you males to be very eager and fast when you obey me. She looked at him and suddenly, he scream and jump, trying to protect his butt. She had used the microchip to punish him. He was feeling like he had been touch by a piece of red iron on his but. She whipped him in different location on his body and he was making a grotesque dance, instinctively trying to protect the area where he felt the pain. She hit him about 20 times and stopped. She said Come to me faster cock He ran to her, as if his life depended on it. 
She had him stand in front of the others, with his hands behind his head, fingers crossed, back straight and leg about 40 cm apart. He had to look down at a 45 degree angle, but keep his head straight. This is the standard position. This is the default position you must take in front of a woman when she is standing, unless told otherwise. It means to you submit to her completely. You display yourself to her. You must try to look the best you can in that position. As slave, you have few occasions to tell woman how much you respect them and want to submit to them. This is the best way to do it, by standing proudly, you are telling her all of this. The eyes of the slaves must be kept at a 45 degree angle down, to show humility, but keep the head straight. You must not keep your head down, unless told to do so. You are males; there is no reason to be ashamed to being slave that is what you are. It is the natural order of thing, so be humble by keeping you eyes down in front of woman and if you are being address by her, look at her breast, not higher, but keep your head straight. It is a good idea to make an effort to open your mind to the woman in front of you, if it is your Mistress. It does not make any difference. Your Mistress can read your mind without you knowing it. It is painless and you have no indication whatsoever that it is happening, but by making an effort to let her read your mind, you show your submissiveness, this is always appreciated in a male.
She showed them the kneeling position that the males had to take, when being talk to by a sitting woman. In this position, the male had his hands behind his head, fingers crossed, and knees slightly apart. 
I want you all to remember that from now on, you will never sit in a chair. They are for women only. You will sit on the floor.
I have a good new for you. When you have been successful at pleasing your Mistress or any woman, she might reward you. The standard for a woman to reward a male is to allow him to lick her feet. I am warning you however that you must be enthusiastic about it and lick her foot or shoe vigorously or she might be offended by your lack or respect and you may end up being punished.

She had them practice the two positions for a while and then said: That will be all for now. You have a lot to learn yet to become acceptable as slave, but that will get you started anyway. Wait in your position and don&#8217;t forget to take the standard position when a woman will come and pick you up.
She left and the men waited, standing, naked in the room. They all fully realize that they had become slave for the rest of their lives.
A woman entered and all at once, the males took the standard position. She smiled to herself; these males now knew who is in charge here. She tied them up the same way as they had been brought in. Ben&#8217;s became part of a chain again, of males tied by their testicles and their wrist bracelets lock behind their head to the collar. She took the rope from the first male in the chain and led them back to their cage in the warehouse. 
Ben sat in his little cage, quietly. He did not want to make noise and attract the attention of a woman, and for the tenth time, he lifted his cock to look at the collar circling his balls. It was not tight enough to be uncomfortable but he had been told not to put any pressure on it. An attempt to remove it would trigger it. He shivered in fear. He carefully, felt the collar around his neck. It was much thinner than the first collar, which was a good thing. He knew that it would be around his throat for the rest of his life, at least it would comfortable.
Ben realized that he was at that moment, going through a typical aspect of his new slave life. He was waiting.&nbsp; He was locked in a cage, unable to go anywhere and he was waiting. When a woman would need him, he would be release and put to work, and if not needed, he would be stored away again.
He figured, he was now waiting to be picked up by his wife. He realized that he would not be coming back to the same woman. Lindsay was not his wife not more. She was an all powerful woman and she had the right of life and death over him. He would have to obey her in any way and serve her the best he could. Everything that he owned was now hers. He would not own anything in his life anymore. He was the one who would be owned, and then he realize that Lindsay could at this moment, be reading his mind. There was no way for him to tell. He fell helpless. The Femina Empire had won the battle of the sexes. The only alternative was completed surrender from the losing gender.
He was staring through the front of the cage, through the wired door. Every once in a while, a woman would come and pick up a male. The warehouse was gradually becoming empty. They would take the standard position as soon as they were outside of the cage. She would lock their wrists bracelets and tied their balls with a rope and lead them away. Ben saw that no male would oppose any resistance. They were all afraid of punishment, with good reason.
A male come into view and dropped some of the dog food into a small slot in the door. Ben was hungry and he knew that from now on, that is all what he would eat. He had been explained how to eat it. He put his hands behind his back and grabbed the food with his mouth. He ate what was in the small container. It was tasteless but quite filing; in fact it had everything he needed to remain healthy. He also drank some water from the pipe and went to sleep for a while. There was no way to tell the time in such a place. The lighting was always the same and the only distraction was looking at woman leading males around by their balls.
A woman stopped by his cage and opened the door. He was told to get out. He rushed out and took the standard position. He realized that he was being picked up by Lindsay. She locked his wrists behind his collar and tied a small rope to his balls. She then led him away. 
She led him through several corridors. They met woman several times. Some were alone, some were puling males by their balls the same as he was. He was embarrassed at first, but all the males were treated the same. It seams it was the way to lead males in this place. Ben&#8217;s hearth was pounding. He wanted out of this place, but at the same time he was being picked up by his former wife, her owner from now on. He hoped that she will be a good Mistress.
They entered a new area. The warehouse was bared, with no luxury whatsoever. This new section of the building was well lit and decorated. He had been walking on concrete so far, he was now walking on a nice carpet. The woman who was leading him with the rope knocked at a door. A voice said to come in and they entered.


Lindsay had arrived a bit earlier to pick up Ben. She had been received with all the courtesy due to a woman by an Alien woman who explained her formalities for picking up a male. They were both sitting in comfortable chairs.
Welcome dear Lady. It is my pleasure to go through the process of turning back to you the male that you owned and that have been permanently enslaved. I have the title of ownership for him. I will have them sign by you and have him put his cock print on it. We will wait for him to be here. It always make a big effect on them to watch their new owner to sign the slave contract. Your animal have been fully enslaved with the mandatory control device. I know that you have been showed how they work.
I do indeed said Lindsay It seems so incredible. There are so many ways to control them I know, new women to the Federation are always surprised. Indeed we could do with less control device and still keep them prisoners, but males are rebellious creatures and the reason that we have so many ways to control them is to drive the point that resistance is pointless. They must feel that the only way to survive in the Federation for a male is total surrender. 
I read that the male was your former husband. I suggest that you have him described the various control devices he is wearing. That will drive the point immediately that the woman that he knew is gone and that he is now facing a Mistress. You will find the experience quite amusing.
They heard a knock at the door; the Alien said Enter and a woman entered, pulling Ben by his balls. He had his hands locked behind his head. She untied him, and unlocked his hands but he kept them there. He was standing, in the standard position. Lindsay said Hello Ben He answered Hello Mistress I see you have learn a lot since I dropped you off Thank you Mistress Ben was doing his best to act as a slave. He did not want to be punished. He particularly felt naked in front of them and he felt so conscious of the pain collar around his balls. He knew the terrible power that women hold over him because of it. Any of these two women could, on a simple taught, send him in agonizing pain. He felt so defenseless in front of them. 
You look good as a slave, has the experience been difficult? Yes Mistress, it was very painful and scary
Lindsay smiled: From now on, you will be my slave, I have been showed the power I now have over you, we both know that escape is impossible isn&#8217;t it? Yes Mistress Ben answered quickly, to show that he had no intention of challenging women&#8217;s authority.
Very well Ben, I want you to show and explained me the various control devices that you are wearing. Ben started to explain to Lindsay all the control devices and what they could do to him. He explained the role of the neck collar, the wrist and ankle bracelets. 
She had him show her the pain collar around his balls. He had to take his cock aside to display the collar and then he put his other hand behind his balls and displayed them to her. He was so ashamed, he wanted to die. He could not believe he had to do that in front of Lindsay and that other woman. He kept his eyes down and he was as red as a lobster. They both looked at each other with an understanding smile. That male knew his place. 
The Alien woman said: I will now read and have you sign the title of ownership for that male. She read the contract that was naming Ben, by the number tattooed on his butt to be the property of Lindsay. The contract was listing all of Ben&#8217;s property that was transfer to her, the house, the car etc. Ben was listening in total humiliation. He was becoming an object, a thing that Lindsay could dispose of as she wished. He was identified by a bar code as any other products. When she was done, she showed a writing pad to Lindsay who signed her name on it. I will now take a cock print of the slave. It is the same principle as the finger print that you were taking. Males are identified by their cock print; it is a most efficient way. She grabbed a small box 30 cm long, 12 cm wide and high. She opened it in half. Don&#8217;t worry slave, it will not hurt&gt; She went on to explain that wireless device would send the print to the contract and the cock print would be printed on the contract, below her signature. She opened the box in half and took Ben&#8217;s cock and deposits it on the bottom part and closed the cover. It was painless as she had said. Ben was so ashamed, he wanted to die. His face was bright red. Lindsay was standing in front of him, looking at his eyes as he was looking at the floor in front of him.


When she was done, she printed and gave a copy of the contract to Lindsay. She browsed through it and looked at her signature and the print of Ben&#8217;s cock after hers. She smiled. 
She showed the contract to Ben. This is a valid contract. You belong to me now. Don&#8217;t you ever forget it or I will make you very sorry you did, understand? Yes Mistress Ben did not recognize his loving wife. Now that they were in charge, women sure become assertive fast.
Let go home slave.
They left the room. Lindsay walked ahead, and Ben followed her, 2 steps behind. They walked out of the building. Ben was aware of being naked. There were a few people walking in. The men were keeping their heads down, but the women looked at his naked body and smiled. He did not dare to put his hands in front of his body, but he was soooo humiliated.
When they got to her car, the one that used to being his own, she said: When I say: door, open up the door of the car and then when I am inside, close it and go kneel between the seats in the back. You are not allowed to use seat anymore, so kneeling on the floor is more appropriate. Also, I don&#8217;t like to have you be distracted from your slave duties by staring at the window. I want you to keep your head down on the floor until told other wise Ben said &#8216;Yes Mistress and Lindsay said Door Ben quickly opened the door for her, she got in and he closed it and got in the car. He knelt between the seats and put his head on the floor of the car. He was desperate to see that his former wife, now his Mistress was becoming so authoritarian. 
Lindsay took a moment to read Ben&#8217;s mind. She saw his despair and how he found her so tough. She loved it. She was so happy that the Empire had taken over the planet. She knew she would enjoy very much her new relationship with males.













Girls meet boys



Jason was riding in the back of the car while Jannath was driving. He was kneeling between the seats, with his head to the floor. It seems to be a popular position in the Empire. Jannath had explained it to him and he did not dare disobey her.
He remembered the embarrassment of the first few days. He had to wear the slave collar and could not go anywhere or say anything without the permission of a girl. Pretty young girls could overpower any of the boys. The relationship change rapidly in the groups of teenagers. 
He remembered that on the third day that he was wearing the collar, Jenny, a girl that he had been dating came home She spoke to his mother. He had been washing the floor in the basement, when his mother called for him using the mic in the collar. He knew already that he had to go to his mother, or the collar would deactivate. 
When he saw Jenny, he was so ashamed he turned red all over. Jenny wickedly smiled to him. His mother said: Jason, Jenny has ask me permission to take you out this evening. I accepted. You must understand that I have to agree with it since you can not go anywhere without my permission or another woman permission if I transfer the control to her. Therefore, I just transfer the control of the remote to Jenny for now until 3:00AM. She will be responsible for you. Make sure that you obey her. 

Jason looked at Jenny with horror. She was a good looking teenager, very feminine, but he was use to be the man in the relationship. he was in charge and she tried to be pleasing. Suddenly, he found himself totally dependent on her. He was not sure that he liked the idea. 
Jenny said: Jason, Do you have short pants and a tight T-shirt you could wear for the evening. He knew the procedure to talk by now. He put his hands behind his back, with his thumbs on the collar and said. Mistress, Yes I do Mistress Very well, you will put them on She turned to his mother but did not release him. Once in that position, a woman had to release him or he had to stay motionless. This was a most humiliating position.
The two women worked out the details of the evening. All he could do was stand there. Finally, Jenny send him to change. He put on the sexy clothes and came back. 
Jenny and Jason walk out of the house. Jenny&#8217;s car was there. Actually it used to be her father&#8217;s car, but like Jason, he had his Driver&#8217;s License revoke 
Most men had lost the right to drive a vehicle. Only those who needed to drive to make sure things kept running were allowed to drive, and it was clearly understood that it was temporary. 
Jenny took the wheel and they left. She said: Jason, I am so thrill by all this. I love this new situation. I realize that it is not so much fun for you guys, but you will get use to it. You are a slave now, legally a slave. I like you a lot, but I expect to be obeyed. We are going to a party, and all the girls are bringing a boy with them. All of you boys are in the same predicament, so don&#8217;t worry about it. Jason could only mutter Yes Mistress That is all he could say without being in proper position. 
They arrived to the party. They got out of the car. Jenny faced Jason, and suddenly he felt her hand squeeze his cock. He opened his eyes wide, but did not dare to push her back. Just remember, do as you are told. Once inside the house I will program the remote so that you can walk around the house and the back yard. If you go outside of these boundaries, the collar will be deactivated. Jason said Yes Mistress. The power that girls had, was awesome. 
They walked in the house together. There was already 4 couples there. The girls were chatting happily. Obviously the boys were silent. Jenny was greeted by the other girls while Jason wished he would be somewhere else. More couples came in and soon the party was in full swing. 
The boys were made to sit on the floor in the basement, while the girls talked. Once of them, said: We need to make new rules. The boys cant talk without permission anymore and they have all reason to be afraid of girls now. All the girls laughed but the boys did not seems to find it so funny. 
I suggest that from now on, it is the girls who will ask boys to go out, to dance etc. All the girls joyfully agreed to it. The girls decided to put that into practice immediately. The music was turned on and the girls picked a boy. It was a slow.
Jenny called Jason with a finger and when he got up, she grabbed his hand and kissed like men use to do to women and said, Would you give me this dance There was some mockery in her voice. Jason could only say Yes Mistress
He got close to her and he immediately felt her hands on his but. Girls definitely needed very little encouragement to become bold. He kept his hands on her thigh, while he felt her hands run all over his body. 
He was very humiliated, he felt like a sex toy, but looking around he realized the other girls were doing the same to other boys.
The party continued for some time and then one of the girls decided to have a contest to decide who was the best looking boy in the group. They had the boys line up the chairs on both wall on one side of the room.
The girls took all the boys in a smaller room and said: All right, I want all the boys to get undress. You have 30 seconds. I will deactivate the collar of any boy who is not naked for an hour. Jason and the others realized the seriousness of the threat. The all undressed. That was very humiliating, but they were very much afraid of the pain.
There were 25 boys, they all stood there naked with their hands in front of them. The Girl said I will take you boys one at a time and you will parade in the center of the room in front of the girls. You will walk back and forth until I tell you to stop and I warn you not to try to cover your cocks with your&nbsp; hands at any time. That will cost you an hour of pain. When I tell you it is enough, you go stand in position, your back to the wall. 
Jason could not believe it. He was so embarrassed, he wanted to die. 
The girl left the room with the first boy. Jason heard a thunder of applause and laughter. He could hear the girls screaming their approval. He could not imagine doing that. 
After a few minute, the girl came back. All the boys were standing with their head down. She pointed at another boy and signal for him to follow her. He did so and as soon as he was on the other side, the noise started all over again. It seems that the girls could net get enough of it. 
The girls came back for the third time and pointed at Jason. He followed her.
He entered the room and he could see all the girls giggling and laughing while sitting on the one side, and the other two boys, were standing by the opposite wall, with their hands behind their heads and feet slightly apart. They both had their head down. He started walking. He could not believe this was happening to him. He was so ashamed he wanted to die. He kept his eyes across the room and walk straight ahead, He remembered to keep his hands at his side. The girls signaled him to walked by and forth several times. They&nbsp; seems to like his body. Finally she waived him to the wall. He was happy to go. Jason took the position and realized that he was locked in place. If he dare to move, the collar would deactivate. He witnessed a fourth boy going through the ordeal. Eventually all of them were standing by the wall. The girls got up and started going up and down the file of naked boys. All of them were so red with shame that they looked like a bunch of lobster. Jason kept his head and eyes down. He could not move anyway. He felt girls hands probe his body. They touched his cock and balls, his but, checked the firmness of his muscle. 
Girls likes big strong boys, but from now on, they are not intimidated by the size and strength of boys. They have the power and they want the boys to know it. 
The girls had another surprise for them. They pulled out all the necessary equipment so that the boys could shave their bodies. One of the girls laid out the rules. The boys were to stay in the middle of the room and shave themselves, then they would have to show their body to all the girls in turn for approval. If the job is not satisfactory, they would have to shave again and display themselves to all the girls a second time. It would last until all the girls are satisfied.
One of the boys refused to go in the center. One girl immediately zapped him with the remote. That will be one hour of pain for him. The rest of you start shaving The other boys understood the seriousness of the threat and while the rebellious boys rolled and scream on the floor, the others started shaving their body.
After 20 minutes, Jason was done shaving. He was afraid of this moment. He started at the beginning of the line and showed his body to the first girls. A few boys where already displaying themselves. The girls laughed and joked between them. They had them turn around to show their butts. One of the girls was not satisfied with his work and send him back to do it again. He hate this new world and this new relationship with girls. They had way to much power over boys.
They spend a good part of the evening shaving and reshaving and displaying themselves for approval to the girls. Once the hour had gone by, the rebellious&nbsp; boy was more then happy to shave and display himself like the others.
When the party was over, Jenny drove Jason back home. She did all the talking of course. Jason, from now on you will have to dress a bit more sexy, actually, you should dress a lot more sexy. I will pick you up tomorrow night for a romantic supper. I expect to be most impress by your new way of dressing. If I am not, I will cut some of your clothes myself. There wont be much left on you, I guarantee.
Jason understood the threat. He did not want to look ridiculous or look like a sex object but he would have to cut his clothes short enough to satisfy Jenny.
The next day, when she pick him up, she could see more skin then clothes on Jason. 
Jason felt so helpless. He could not go out of the house without permission of his mother or worse, his little sister, Lily. He could not speak without permission. It seems there was nothing he could do without the permission of a woman.
The relationship between girls and boys were changing rapidly. The girls were learning quickly to be more assertive and authoritarian. The boys were learning to be submissive. They had lost the right to drive cars and could not go anywhere without the permission of a woman. Many had taught about escape but how can you do that when you can not go around by yourself. The boys could not simply go to their owner and ask permission to escape. The restriction on speaking was taking its toll also. They could not share their experience with other male, and especially they could not plan any rebellion with others. The fact that they had to ask permission to speak was neutralizing any possible try to get organize.&nbsp; All of this together was teaching them quickly that from now on women would rule the world.
Jason realized just how efficient the Alien women were at enslaving men. They add them so dependent on women and punishment could come so quickly. He was afraid of them, as was most other males on the planet.
Jenny had taken the habits of asking his mother to take him out. She did not bother to ask him. He felt he should have something to say in the matter, but the girls did not seems to think so. 
He had to wear, sexy clothes. Very short pants and small T-shirt that showed much of his belly. Jenny and the other girls were not shy to caress him. At first it was mostly an arm around the waist, or a caress but soon the girls hands started to invade more private parts of this body. Jason hated it. He felt like a toy. The girls would ran their hands on his butt and increasingly, they would put their hands between his legs and feel his cock and balls. He wondered where it would stopped. Every time the girls ran their hands on his body without permission, he would turn red with humiliation. There was nothing he could do since any of them could deactivate the collar. He would just take it, very submissively, hoping to get away as soon as possible.
All the men and boys he could see, where walking with their heads down, humiliated and beaten, open to the jokes and sarcasms of any women. They had to take it and they knew that soon they would be permanently enslave. None of them knew exactly what it meant, but it sure sounded scary. This is an experience that they wanted to postpone for as long as possible. The Alien women had made it clear, that rebellious males would be the first to go through the process. That was another reason to keep a low profile.

They arrived at destination. Jason had no idea where it was and Jannath did not bother to tell him. She told him to get out of the car and to follow her. They walked in a big house. &#8211; 

Once inside they were welcome by four males. They all took the standard position, hands behind the head, legs slightly spread, head straight and eyes looking down at Jannath chest.&nbsp; Jason took off her shoes. 
She smiled and told Jason That is my welcome comity, but for now, I want you to undress. I am a Federation woman and I will never get use to males wearing clothes. You look silly right now, a male should be seen and not heard. Jason took off his clothes immediately, he knew better by now, then to argue.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Heed at the other males as he was getting undress. They were wearing several collar each. One at the neck of course but two at the wrist and two at the ankle. To his amazement, they were also wearing a collar around their balls. 
Jannath smiled at his surprise. These boys are permanently enslave. The first three are Federation males who have been slaves all their lives, the other one is an Earth males that I had only recently, permanently enslave. She looked at the earth slave and said Did you clean and wax my boots The male answered Yes Mistress in a quick and anxious voice. Jannath answered Go fetch, I want to inspect them The male said again Yes Mistress, turned around and ran down a set of stairs. 

Jannath look at the other three slaves and said You three, lick The three males immediately ran to Jannath, fell on their knees and started licking her feets. Jason was amazed by the energy they put in licking her feet. They looked like men who had not eat in one month and had suddenly found a buffet. Their tongues were licking her feet so fast that, they really looked like they had been starving to do that.

Jannath looked down at them with an intense look o satisfaction in her eyes and said to Jason In the Empire, The action of males licking a woman&#8217;s feet had a profound meaning. It is an intense experience for both the Mistress and the male. The permission to lick our feet is a reward for our males. When they have please their Mistress, they are often allowed to lick our feet. For them it is important. This is as far from punishment they can get, and they all know just how painful punishment are. However, women expect them to lick our feet with unbound enthusiasm. If a male would be reluctant or simply lack enthusiasm in licking a women&#8217;s feet, she would take it as an offence since she was rewarded him and no male in the federation would ever dare to offend a woman. This is the reason why they show so much enthusiasm in licking my feet, and they wont stop until I tell them to stop.

The earth slave came back with the pair of boots. He fell to his knees in front of Jannath and presented the boots. Jason was looking at him. He was shaking in fear. Jason saw tears starting to run down his cheeks. He was really afraid of her. Jannath took one boot and started checking it out, as the other three slaves kept licking her feet as vigorously as ever. There was five grown up, naked males and one woman. She was the one deciding if the work was well done, and not one of the males would ever dare to argue her judgment or even to have an opinion of his own. This is Federation&#8217;s way.
She gave back the first boot and checked the other one. The slave was holding the boots by the bottom and he&nbsp; was shaking so hard, that the top of the boots were dangerously waving. Jannath took her time inspecting the second boot. She enjoyed the situation. Three slaves licking her feet and another one, shaking in fear in front of her. Goddess she love males, they are so much fun to have around.

She gave back the boot to the kneeling slave and said That will do, put back the boots in place and Kennel up after that. He said Yes Mistress in a choke voice that showed his anxiety and left running with the boots. 

Jannath looked at Jason and said Look at these males licking my feet, you are looking at your own future. One day, you too will be licking your Mistress&#8217;s feet with as much vigor. She then said Enough, kneel The three males, as one, back up two step and took the kneeling position, with knees wide and hands behind the back. Jannath said Rowh, Take Jason&#8217;s clothes downstairs, he will not need them for the next few weeks, then she looked at the another male and send him to prepare a warm bath for her, The last one was sent to the Kennel.
She told Jason to follow her, They went down to the basement, and entered a large room. There was a large cage in one corner, in with were 8 naked men. Jannath open the door and told Jason to get in . He did so. The cage was crowded with 9 men. They had to almost pile up on each other. There sure was no privacy for anyone in this cage. Jannath told Jason These are a few earth males that I will be training at the same time as I train you. This is your Kennel. When I tell you Kennel up, this is where you run to, and I mean run to. I will start your training soon.
Jannath left and Jason tried to be comfortable. The cage was too small for 9 men and they had to lay down side way and they were touching each other at all times. Any thought of privacy was gone for them. Jason started to wait with bitterness, knowing that while the 9 men were so uncomfortable in the cage, Jannath was having a bath. He started what was an endless wait. Time for a slave has no meaning. When not needed, they are simply put aside, like any other piece of property.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pluto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





