BDSM Library - A University Education




A University Education
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When a university student gets tied up by a girl he has a crush on, things don't quite go the way he wanted.At five to two, Dave left his room and went upstairs to knock on Hannah's
  door. She got up and undid the catch on the door.  
"Hi Hannah, ready for that homework session?" Dave asked.  
"Yep sure," Hannah replied, and let him in. Like most universityprovided
  accommodation the room was fairly bare and Hannah had put up no posters. The
  door was in an alcove into the room; a corner block taken out of what was otherwise
  a square room. Next to the door, so that it was not visible from the doorway,
  was Hannah's bed. Opposite the door was a large desk, and a television on a
  stand. The other two walls were taken up by wardrobes and a large window respectively.  
Dave and Hannah began work at the desk but soon switched to the more comfortable
  option of the bed. Slowly the conversation drifted from the maths homework
  on to other things.  
"So you like the idea of being tied up then, huh?" Hannah asked at one point.
  One night the previous week they had both gotten quite drunk together, and
  Dave had let slip that he liked the idea of bondage.  
"Yeah," Dave said, a little embarassed.  
"So if you tied you up now, you'd like that?" Hannah pressed. Dave's heart
  skipped a beat.  
"Could be alright," Dave said, trying to be noncommittal but he stammered
  slightly with excitement as he said it.  
"Take your jumper off then, and I'll tie you up with it." Dave did not need
  asking twice, and he slipped off his jumper. He handed it to Hannah, and held
  out his hands in front of him.  
"Not like that &ndash; behind your back," she said with a laugh. Dave turned
  round and put his hands together while Hannah tied his wrists together with
  the arms of his jumper. Dave sat back against the wall, his bare chest exposed,
  and shivered slightly as his shoulder blades touched the cold painted wall.
  Hannah picked up her pen and ran it in a wiggly line down Dave's chest. He
  felt his cock grow inside his trousers as the tip of the pen travelled slowly
  from his sternum down to his navel, guided by the attractive girl next to him.  
Dave had fancied Hannah since the day he had moved in to their shared house.
  Like most firstyears, he had moved into universityowned accommodation with
  a group of strangers. The house had one bedroom downstairs (along with a living
  room, kitchen and toilet), and three upstairs (as well as a bathroom). It was
  university policy to put males in groundfloor bedrooms and females in firstfloor
  bedrooms, so Dave ended up living in the house with three girls; Hannah, Jade
  and Selena. Selena was rarely in, and while Jade and Hannah had become good
  friends, Dave mainly got along with Hannah, and found her very attractive.
  She had a freckled face with a slightly pointed nose, and long straight brown
  hair. She was quite thin, and fairly flatchested, but possessed an undefineable
  allure.  
As Hannah moved the pen over a sensitive part of Dave's chest, he flinched
  and involuntarily pulled his wrists apart, freeing them from the makeshift
  bonds of the jumper. Hannah tutted.  
"I think we need something more solid," she noted. "In fact, I know just
  the thing." She got up and crossed to her shelves above the desk, and returned
  to Dave with a small box that had a picture of handcuffs on the side. "Someone
  gave me these as a joke present for my birthday earlier this term. I think
  they'll do." Hannah tipped the box on its side, and some silver handcuffs slipped
  out of the end. Dave held out his wrists together again behind his back, and
  Hannah gleefully cuffed them together. Dave lay back against the cold wall
  again, wondering what she would do next.  
"You seem to have a bit of a bulge there," Hannah said, looking down at his
  trousers. Embarassed, Dave said nothing and looked away. "I think we should
  have a look," Hannah continued, and undid Dave's trousers. Hannah was well
  aware of Dave's attraction to her. He had made it obvious over the past few
  months. For her part, Hannah was not sure about Dave; he could have potential
  for being boyfriend material, or he could not. Either way she figured, it was
  his job to woo her &ndash; she wasn't about to just give in to his advances
  immediately, like a slut. This afternoon might provide some opportunity for
  having some fun at his expense though.  
Dave was halfmortified and halfaroused when Hannah pulled down his trousers
  and underwear to let his hard cock spring free. He tried to gauge Hannah's
  reaction as she saw it, but her expression showed no obvious disgust or attraction.
  She merely put her hand between his legs, and began to run her nails up the
  inside of his thigh, which he found to be delightfully sensitive.  
"I bet you'd like me to touch that," she said in a low voice as her fingers
  slowly inched up his right thigh towards his dick.  
"Yyes," Dave replied, the word sticking in his throat. He could do nothing
  but watch as her hand approached his cock, her thin delicate fingers tracing
  a pattern through the hairs on his leg, her short nails long enough to make
  his leg tingle. Just as her fingers were about to brush against his pubic hair,
  Hannah put her hand back down by the knee of Dave's left leg, and began running
  her fingers up that leg instead, her glossy nails running through his dark
  brown leg hairs as they slowly ran up his thigh. When her hand almost reached
  the top of his leg, she reverted back to his right leg, running up from the
  knee.  
"Pl" Dave started, but was interrupted by Hannah.  
"Shhh," she said simply, and Dave did as she told him. After five more slow
  runs up each leg, Hannah showed no signs of stopping but did so suddnely as
  she heard the front door open and close. Footsteps sounded on the stairs, and
  then there was a knock on Hannah's door.  
"Don't open it!" Dave hissed, but Hannah ignored him, got up and opened the
  door. Dave remained motionless as he heard Jade's voice. From outside the door,
  the bed could not be seen, but if Jade came into the room there would be no
  way he could hide. Hannah did not welcome Jade into the room, but nor did she
  make any effort to get rid of the other girl. Dave was so busy wishing for
  a hole in the bed to open up and swallow him that he did not pay attention
  to their conversation. After a minute or two, Jade left and went into the bathroom.
  Hannah came back to the bed.  
"Jade's coming in here after she comes out of the bathroom, so you may not
  want to be here," she informed Dave with a straight face.  
"Quick &ndash; get these off me," Dave said urgently, jangling his cuffs, "and
  help me get dressed!"  
"No time," Hannah informed him. "You'll just have to go like that." Dave
  opened his mouth to curse her, and then realised that he had better expend
  the energy getting out of there. He got up, with a little difficulty due to
  his tied hands, and hurried naked down the stairs, trying to be quick yet quiet
  so that Jade neither saw him, nor knew he had been up there. When he got back
  into his room he breathed a sigh of relief. Then he heard a key in the front
  door.  
Dave looked around him, and tried to decide between trying to shut the door
  and close his curtains &ndash; that he suddenly realised were open so that
  anyone in the side street by their house could see him &ndash; or to hide.
  The front door opened, and he chose the latter option. Selena knocked on his
  open door, and walked in to find Dave in bed, under his quilt.  
"Still in the bed at this hour?" she asked.  
"Yep," Dave said, smiling weakly.  
"Anyone would think you were doing something else under those covers," Selena
  said with a wink. Dave laughed nervously, and Selena left to go upstairs. Dave
  closed the door and curtains, and tried to work out how he was going to free
  himself from the handcuffs without the keys. They appeared, from what he could
  feel, to have no quick release catches. He sat  
there for a few minutes puzzling over it until there was a knock on his door.  
"Yes?" Dave called out, exasperated.  
"Dave, it's me. I've got that key you left in my room," came Hannah's voice
  through the door. Dave got up and went to the door, turning round in order
  to release the catch on the door. He turned back round to see Hannah come through
  the door and shut it behind her.  
"I've got the key," she told him, dangling it for him to see as she switched
  the light on to bright the darkened room. "Turn round." Dave did so, and everything
  went dark again as Hannah put a scarf over his eyes, and tied it round the
  back of his head.  
"What are you doing?"  
"Quiet," Hannah replied, spinning Dave round and sitting him on the bed. "You'll
  enjoy this." Dave sat there quietly, naked and handcuffed, contemplating his
  fate. Then he felt something land on him. He shifted slightly, and felt cloth.
  Then he heard the sound of a zip, and felt what must be jeans land on him.
  He realised that Hannah was undressing, and beneath the clothes his cock twitched.
  Then he felt one lacy item land on him, followed by another. She's naked, he
  thought to himself. He didn't remember a time that he had ever been this turnedon
  before. He longed for her to touch his cock, or to at least release him so
  that he could do it.  
The clothes were lifted off him, and Dave hoped to feel Hannah climbing on
  top of him. Instead he felt lace and denim touch his foot. Hannah slipped her
  panties and her trousers on him at the same time. Luckily, he was almost as
  thin as her, and while they were a tight fit, at least they did fit, Hannah
  thought to herself. Except for Dave's cock that was, which was half covered
  by her knickers &ndash; the other half sticking out obscenely from the elastic
  waistband. Hannah laughed and climbed on top of Dave's clothed legs, completely
  naked. She thought she heard him moan softly.  
"I bet you've dreamt about this moment, when I would climb on top of you
  naked, haven't you?" Hannah asked him. Dave simply nodded. "But I guess you
  were probably naked too, huh?" Dave nodded again. "Maybe another time," Hannah
  said, and Dave's heart fluttered at the prospect. "I'd better get dressed," Hannah
  told him as she got up and went over to his wardrobe. Dave remained silent,
  trying to enjoy every moment of this fantasylike moment.  
"I guess I'll go without underwear," Hannah said, loud enough for Dave to
  hear. She picked out a jumper and jeans, and slipped them on. She returned
  to Dave and removed his blindfold. His disappointment at her being clothed
  was palpable. "Here's how it's going to work," Hannah told him. "I'm going
  to uncuff you, you're going to put on my bra and jumper &ndash; then I'm going
  to handcuff you again. If you do anything other than that, you can kiss goodbye
  to any chance of getting these clothes off me later. Understand?"  
"Yep," Dave said, knowing that he probably had no such chance, but not wanting
  to risk it. She released him, and he put on the bra and jumper. The jumper
  was a thick one, with a hood and a pouchlike pocket at the front. Hannah cuffed
  one of Dave's hands, and pushed it into the pouch. She pulled the other handcuff
  out the other side, and cuffed his other hand with it. Dave put both hands
  in the pouch, and it was not obvious any more that he was handcuffed. Hannah
  smiled.  
"We're going to take a trip to the library now Dave."  
"Like this?" he asked incredulously.  
"Yep. Keep your hands in that pocket, and noone will know. Just remember
  who has the keys to those cuffs," Hannah said sternly, then smiled. "I tell
  you what, I'll even take my jumper off and give you a peek once we get there."  
"Promise?"  
"Promise." Hannah walked to the door, and Dave grudgingly followed her. Carrot
  and stick, she thought to herself, breasts and bondage. They left the house
  and began the short walk to the library. Dave felt like everyone they passed
  was staring straight at his hands. They couldn't see that his hands were cuffed
  he kept reminding himself, but his paranoia remained. To take his mind off
  the matter, Dave tried to concentrate on the fact that Hannah was not only
  wearing his clothes, but she was also not wearing any underwear underneath.
  His cock strained against the panties and tight jeans that he was wearing.  
When the couple completed their silent journey to the library, Hannah led
  Dave inside and up to a deserted corner of the top floor.  
"Stand there," she told him, and walked five paces away from him. She took
  off her jumper, and stood still as Dave stared at her naked back. He found
  himself wishing she would turn round, while also admiring what he could see
  of her, her brown hair falling down on to her shoulders at the top of her smooth
  unblemished back. "Want me to turn round?" Hannah called to him.  
"Yes," Dave replied eagerly. Hannah put her jumper back on and turned round.  
"In life Dave, you'll learn that there are two types of women; teases and
  sluts. And I'm no slut." With that she walked past him, and he turned to follow
  her down the stairs. They went to the maths section where Hannah picked out
  a book for her homework under Dave's direction. Then she led him to the psychology
  section, where she picked out a book entitled 'Whips, Chains and Dominatrixes:
  Explaining the Psychology of Fetishes.'. "Might come in handy for dealing with
  you," Hannah explained with a laugh. She led Dave down to the exit. Dave looked
  away embarassed as the middleaged female library assistant checked out the
  books, but Hannah seemed unperturbed.  
"You do realise," Hannah said plainly as they walked home, "that if you tell
  anyone about all this, you'll lose any chance you'll ever have with me?"  
"Yes," Dave said simply.  
"Good, because I'm beginning to think that there may just be hope for you
  and me," Hannah said seriously. Dave smiled. They walked back to the house,
  and into Dave's room where Hannah uncuffed him.  
"Dave, will you do something for me?" Hannah asked.  
"What's that?"  
"Promise me you won't spoil my teasing by just masturbating as soon as I
  leave. At least wait until you go to bed tonight or something."  
"Ok," Dave said, incredibly horny, but wanting to remain on Hannah's good
  side.  
"Good," Hannah said, grinning, and left him to get changed. She ran upstairs,
  and knocked quietly on Jade's door. The door opened, and Hannah slipped inside,
  shutting the door behind her.  
"You'll never guess what just happened," Hannah burst out, and related the
  day's events.  
"So he was naked on the bed when I came to the door?" Jade asked in disbelief
  when Hannah finished. Hannah nodded, and they both started laughing.  
"And he went to the library, with his hands cuffed?" Jade said. Hannah showed
  her the handcuffs that she had put in her pocket. "While he was wearing your
  bra?" Jade continued. Hannah nodded and they laughed even harder.  
"So what do you think?" Hannah asked when they finally stopped laughing.  
"It's a good story," Jade answered, "but it doesn't have to end there." She
  jangled the handcuffs in her hand thoughtfully.  
If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want me to write more,
  send me an email: somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk  
Jade suddenly pushed Hannah down on to the bed, and dragged her hands to
  the end of the bed.  
"What are you doing?" Hannah cried, too surprised to resist. Her question
  was partially answered by the click of the handcuffs around her wrists,
  securing her to the metal bar at the top of the bed. Jade smiled vindictively,
  and pulled Dave's jumper up Hannah's torso, and over her head until it was
  by her wrists.  
"Oh god, are you a lesbian?" Hannah asked as Jade took a critical look at
  Hannah's small exposed breasts.  
"If I was, I doubt those would interest me too much," Jade told Hannah, nodding
  at the cuffed girl's breasts. Hannah reddened with embarassment and indignation.
  Jade laughed, then unbuttoned and unzipped the jeans Hannah was wearing, before
  pulling them down to reveal Hannah's bush of dark brown pubic hair, and smooth
  legs. Finally, Jade removed Hannah's socks to leave her completely naked.  
"Why are you doing this?" Hannah asked nervously. She had been good friends
  with Jade ever since they had moved in to the house. Jade was a bright history
  student who Hannah found she was always able to have a laugh with, due to Jade's
  wicked sense of humour. They had been to a lot of parties together, and often
  shared clothes; Jade was slightly taller than Hannah and had fuller breasts,
  but otherwise their figures were similar.  
"Hannah &ndash; in life, there are two kinds of people. Those who dare to
  take what they want, and those who don't. I dare, and right now I'm enjoying
  this, so stop whining." Jade crossed to the door and opened it. "Dave," she
  called out as turned to look at Hannah, "can you come up here a sec?" Hannah's
  eyes widened and her face paled. She began struggling against the handcuffs.  
"No Jade &ndash; you can't let him see me like this! Not naked. I'll look
  like such a slut, and god knows what he'd do to me if you let him."  
"If you don't want him to realise you're in here, I'd advise being quiet," Jade
  told her. Hannah stopped struggling and said nothing more, as footsteps pounded
  up the stairs. It dawned on her that she was in exactly the situation that
  she had put Dave in earlier. Jade's room was a mirror image of Hannah's, so
  the bed could not be seen from the doorway. As long as Dave doesn't come in,
  I'll be okay Hannah thought to herself. Dave was now outside the door, talking
  to Jade who was asking him about joining her and Hannah once they'd finished
  their coursework. Dave agreed, and went back downstairs.  
"You bitch!" Hannah said once the door was closed. "He could have come in
  and seen me like this!"  
"Does it really bother you that much?" Jade asked, walking casually over
  to her bookshelf. She turned round, and her camera flashed. Hannah's
  mouth was agape.  
"Oh my god, what are you doing now?" Hannah asked, panicking. The camera flashed
  twice more in quick succession. She rolled over to try and hide her body, but
  the camera flashed a few more times. Then the flashing stopped,
  and Hannah rolled back over to see Jade plugging her camera in to the computer.
  Jade sat down at the computer, so that Hannah could not see the screen. Hannah
  waited, too surprised to know what to say. When Jade moved away from the screen,
  Hannah saw that it was showing two pictures of herself naked, one on her front
  and one on her back. The pictures flipped between each other every five
  seconds or so.  
"I'm going to leave this running like that," Jade explained, switching the
  monitor off . "If you don't do what I want while Dave is here, I'm just
  going to walk back over to this monitor and switch it on. Then, later, I'll
  send him those pictures to keep. Do you understand?"  
"What do you want me to do?" Hannah asked with a resigned sigh.  
"Just play along," Jade told her cryptically. She freed Hannah and let her
  redress before calling Dave up again. Jade suggested that Hannah and Dave could
  play cards (a common activity in their house) while Jade read out a questionnaire
  from her girly magazine. They both agreed.  
"Ok, this quiz is called 'Are you a slut?'." Hannah looked up sharply, and
  looked questioningly at Jade, who simply smiled back and continued: "Question
  one. How many people have you kissed?"  
"About fifteen or twenty," Hannah replied.  
"Ok, at age nineteen... that puts you in the slightlyslutty category. What
  about you Dave?"  
"Nnone," Dave replied, reddening as he said it. "I don't think any of this
  will really apply to me."  
"Well well, that puts you in the virginally pure category Dave," Jade said
  kindly. "So these questions are for you then Hannah. How many guys' cocks have
  you sucked?" Hannah stared hatefully at Jade. She hated having to reveal this
  information in front of Dave, because she knew he would get the wrong impression.
  She had been taken in by a few different boys during her time before
  university, but she was determined that the same would not happen again in
  the future.  
"Four," Hannah admitted.  
"That makes you 'fairly slutty', apparently. And how many of them did you
  swallow for?"  
"None," Hannah replied proudly.  
"Did you spit then?" Jade asked.  
"No, I just stopped before they were going to come."  
"And finished them off with your hand?"  
"No, I let them do that themselves."  
"So you didn't even finish them off? How rude is that!" Jade
  said, laughing. Hannah said nothing, and silently fumed at her friend for laughing
  at her. She didn't dare look at Dave. Jade continued: "And finally, how
  many guys have you had sex with?"  
"Two."  
"That gives you a final rating of... a loose schoolgirl. You've been
  around a bit in the past, but it's not too late to turn frigid, apparently.
  What do you reckon Dave &ndash; is she a slut?" Jade asked, delighting in how
  embarassed this was making Hannah. There was no such quiz in the magazine,
  but Jade enjoyed Hannah's reaction to having to reveal all of this information,
  and to being called a slut.  
"I don't think she is, no," Dave replied, looking at Hannah. She smiled back
  at him.  
"Ok. Next quiz is entitled 'Bondage: how do you like it?'." As Jade announced
  the title of the quiz, Dave and Hannah glanced nervously at each other, then
  looked away. "First question: do you like the thought of being tied up? Dave &ndash; how
  about you? We won't judge you, say what you really feel."  
"Yes," Dave replied, surprising himself by admitting the truth. "I do."  
"Hannah?"  
"No, I don't," Hannah said pointedly.  
"How about tying someone else up? Dave?"  
"Yes."  
"More or less than being tied up?" Jade asked, wanting to get all the information
  she could out of him.  
"Definitely less."  
"And Hannah?"  
"It could be fun," Hannah said circumspectly.  
"Ok. The quiz then gives a list of things, and asks which you would enjoy
  if you were tied up &ndash; so I guess this is just for you Dave. The things
  are as follows. One: being ordered around, and told what to do. Two: being
  embarassed or humiliated. Three: being totally unable to move. Four: being
  pleasured, five is being made to pleasure someone else, and finally
  six is being left helpless for a long time."  
"One, two, four and five," Dave said, not wanting to say the concepts
  out loud. Jade nodded in acknowledgement.  
"That's the end of that quiz. I think it's time for some cards," Jade announced
  with a smile. "Let's make it fun this time &ndash; you two can play pontoon
  for the best of five rounds, and the loser has to strip completely. How
  about it?" Hannah glared at Jade. "You have a chance of him not seeing you
  naked Hannah, come on be a sport!" Hannah knew what Jade was implying; it was
  either taking her chances with the game, or being assured that Dave would see
  her naked.  
"Ok," Hannah said.  
"Dave?" Jade prompted.  
"Yep sure," Dave said, trying not to smile at the prospect of Hannah having
  to strip. The rounds went alternately to Hannah then Dave, then Hannah then
  Dave again, leaving them at twoall. Dave looked down at his cards and smiled;
  he held a jack and a king. He was sure to win. He looked up at Hannah, who
  was looking down at her own cards &ndash; a queen and a six.  
Hannah looked up and stared hard at Dave, shaking her head subtly. Dave had
  known Hannah for long enough to understand how she thought. For some reason,
  Jade had been able to persuade Hannah into the game, but Hannah did not want
  to lose. Dave knew that if he won, and made Hannah strip, his chances of ever
  getting any further would be over. If he threw the game then he would go up
  in her reckoning and stand a better chance. He was tempted to go for the first
  option, but something inside him decided to take his chances and lose. Hannah
  had already seen him naked, so Jade may as well too. Dave took another card
  and nodded at Hannah to communicate that he had lost. Hannah grinned, and they
  both lay down their cards for Jade to see.  
"Looks like Dave loses then," Jade said as she rose from her computer chair
  to look at the results of the final hand. Dave got up, took a deep breath,
  and stripped. He was a bit skinny, Jade decided, but the same complaint could
  not be applied to his stiffening cock. Jade could at least understand
  why seeing Dave naked had not put Hannah off at all.  
"Stick out your feet Hannah," Jade said, and Hannah obeyed, letting her bare
  feet dangle over the edge of the bed. "Dave, get down on your knees and suck
  her toes." Jade had no real interest in feet. What she was really enjoying
  was having power over Dave and Hannah. She loved being able to taunt Hannah
  with the threat of Dave making a move on her that she didn't want. She loved
  being able to order Dave around and do whatever she wanted.  
Hannah felt very embarassed as Dave began to suck on her toes, one by one.
  But the care he was taking over doing it, combined with his submission towards
  her meant that she slowly began to enjoy having him worship her feet. Dave
  was simply enjoying being dominated, and forced by &ndash; as he viewed it &ndash; two
  women to do their bidding.  
By the time Dave had finished, Jade had decided what she wanted him
  to do next. "Go and get us some food Dave &ndash; a couple of sandwiches should
  do it," she told him.  
"Like this?" Dave asked, pointing down at his naked body.  
"Yep. I better not hear you going into your bedroom for clothes either."  
"But Selena's in!"  
Jade gave him a derisory look. "So? Get going!"  
Dave tentatively opened the door, and looked out. Selena's door was closed
  so Dave made a dash for it down the stairs. Once down there he contemplated
  getting a dressing gown from his room, but decided better of it after Jade's
  warning. Instead he went into the kitchen, which had a window looking out on
  to the street to the side of the house. He crouched low, below the level of
  the window, then went about finding bread and sandwich fillings.  
Dave cursed as he realised that the bread bin was on top of the fridge, and
  the fillings were in a high cupboard. Through some conspicously awkward
  standing up and then crouching down again soon afterwards, he fetched everything
  he needed. Crouched naked on the floor, he put the bread on the plates
  he had fetched that were on the table and reached up to make the sandwiches,
  all the time crouched behind the table. He felt so humiliated, having to creep
  naked around his own house hiding from the windows.  
When he finished the sandwiches, Dave put the knives in the sink and
  took the sandwiches upstairs. He walked quickly past Selena's door and delivered
  the sandwiches to the girls. Jade smiled as she saw Dave's dick, naked and
  erect. He was clearly enjoying this. The girls ate their sandwiches on the
  bed while Dave lay naked on the floor as Jade instructed him to.  
"You'd better go and wash up," Jade said after they finished as she
  collected the other plate from Hannah and held them out for Dave to take. He
  wordlessly rose and took the plates before hurrying downstairs with them. Dave
  kneeled in front of the sink while he washed the plates and knives, only his
  shoulders and arms visible over the top of the counter. His knees were painful
  on the cold stone floor, and he kept shifting position to try and ease
  the discomfort. He finished and sauntered back upstairs, now becoming
  used to his naked state.  
Dave heard the sound of a doorcatch being released as he stepped on to the
  landing. He froze, and watched in shock as Selena opened the door to her room
  and looked straight at Dave standing naked before her.  
"Hi Dave," Selena said, obviously looking him up and down. Dave stood there
  and said nothing. His mind had gone blank. Jade, having realised what had happened,
  stepped out of her room and walked between Dave and Selena.  
"Hi Selena," Jade said smoothly. Then Jade suddenly grabbed Selena and spun
  her round before slapping handcuffs on the unsuspecting girl.  
"What are you doing?" Selena asked anxiously as Jade frogmarched her into
  Jade's bedroom, with Dave following behind them. Hannah got up from the bed
  as Jade pushed Selena on to it.  
"Stay there," Jade said, although it wasn't clear to the others who exactly
  she was talking to. "I've always wanted to see in your room Selena; you're
  always so secretive about it. And now seems like as good a time as any to take
  a peek."  
"You can't do that!" Selena called in vain as Jade walked from the room and
  went into Selena's bedroom. There was no decoration on the walls, and no particularly
  personal touches to speak of, besides a few ornaments on the bedside table.
  Jade opened the large walkin wardrobe and spotted a large trunk. The lid was
  open and Jade lifted it up.  
"Well well," Jade said aloud as she looked into the chest.  
It was filled with bondage gear and sex toys.  
* * *  
If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want me to write more,
  send me an email: somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk  

Hannah and Dave stood with trepidation waiting for Jade to return.  Selena was
lying handcuffed on the bed.  She said nothing, and Hannah and Dave did not know
what to say to her.  Hannah leaned over and whispered in Dave's ear.

"I don't know what Jade is planning but know this: if you lick her pussy or take
your dick anywhere near her, your chances with me are blown!"  Dave nodded, and
then flinched with shock as Hannah put her hands on the sides of his head.  She
leaned in and kissed him.  Dave expected the kiss to be teasing but it was
passionate, in its own way.  It was short, but it filled Dave's heart to feel
her lips on his.  Hannah pulled away and stepped back.

"What was that for?" Dave asked, not understanding why she had kissed him so
readily after her earlier teasing.

"I just wanted to ensure I was your first kiss," Hannah said warmly.  The door
opened and Jade leaned round it.

"You two -- come and help me," Jade said.  Hannah and Dave trooped through into
Selena's room behind Jade, with Dave still naked.  Jade ordered Dave and Hannah
to carry the closed trunk into her room.  They found the trunk to be heavy but
not unbearably so.  They maneuvered it through the house into Jade's room
without taking any chips out of the paintwork, and set the trunk down in the
centre of Jade's room.  Selena rolled over and recognised the chest, but said
nothing.  Jade went over to her large desk and cleared all her paraphernalia off
it.  Hannah and Dave gasped as Jade opened the trunk to reveal all the toys and
equipment inside.

"Take out all the toys and organise them," Jade said, before sitting on the bed
next to Selena.  "Selena," she purred, "I never knew you would have such
delights."  When Dave and Hannah finally finished extracting all the toys from
the chest, Jade said: "Dave, read out loud what was in the chest.  I suspect
you'll recognise more of them than Hannah."

"Ok, we have: four vibrators; two rabbit-like and two plain.  Four butt plugs;
of varying size and two inflatable.  Two sets of what seem to be nipple clamps
and one flogger.  Three sets of handcuffs, four chains, a ball-gag, two
blindfolds, two collars, two spreader-bars and some sort of chain-and-cuff
construction.   Three dildos and what I think is a harness for them.  Plus a
load of condoms and lube."  Dave stepped back from the table  when he had
finished, and turned to look at Selena on the bed.

"My, my!" Jade said, "that's a lot of toys Selena.  I suspect they weren't all
for you either -- it's a girl isn't it?"  Selena said nothing.  She had said
nothing since she had been marched into Jade's room.  Jade rose from the bed and
looked at all the toys on the table.  Plans began to form in her mind.

Jade took Hannah and put handcuffs on her.   Then she raised Hannah's arms above
her head and tied the handcuffs to the light fitting in the middle of the room.

"I wouldn't struggle if I was you," Jade told Hannah.  She indicated the light
fitting, "Pulling that off might just get you electrocuted for all I know." 
Hannah was concentrating on standing still while Jade put a blindfold and a ball
gag on her.

As Jade secured the straps of the ball gag, Hannah found that her tongue
instinctively went to touch it, in the same way that it used to explore the
holes left when she had had teeth removed as a child.  She shifted her jaw to
better accommodate the gag, and wrinkled her nose to move the blindfold.  She
did not pay much attention to the jangling noises happening around her as Jade
tied up Dave.

Jade put a spreader bar between Dave's wrists and one betweeen his ankles, and
left him on his hands and knees facing Hannah.  She picked up the flogger from
the table, and idly felt its leather straps.  She dangled it in front of Dave,
and his eyes widened.

"For Hannah's benefit, can you say what this is Dave?"

"It's a flogger," Dave said warily.

"Good.  Now here's the deal.  I'm going to flog you with this, twenty-five
times.  It will hurt, and it will leave marks.  However, you can relieve
yourself of the next five flogs -- if you tell me to remove a piece of Hannah's
clothing."

Dave looked at Hannah, who made no obvious response to this.  Inside however
Hannah was worried.  She didn't want Dave to see her naked yet, and certainly
not like this, but nor did she really want him to be hurt too much.  Selena
watched their predicament from the bed with interest.

"I want you to say the count each time I hit you Dave."

"One," Dave grunted as the flogger came down on his backside.  "Two," as it
lashed again.  When she reached five, Jade stopped.

"So, do you want me to start stripping her?" Jade asked.

"No," Dave said tersely.

"Don't you want to see her naked?"

"Yes, but when she decides she wants me to."

"How noble," Jade sneered as she brought the flogger down again.  After five
more strokes she stopped again, and walked round behind Hannah.  "Come on Dave,"
she said as she teasingly lifted Hannah's jumper enough for him to see Hannah's
flat stomach and navel.  Dave admired the sight but said nothing.

Jade flogged him ten more times, bringing his total to twenty.  Dave found it
painful, but the pain was bearable, with only five more strokes to go.

"You're not playing ball Dave, so I'm going to change the rules," Jade said,
frustrated at Dave's unwillingness to strip Hannah.  "Forget keeping count, I'm
just going to keep flogging you until you tell me to remove one item of her
clothing."

Jade resumed flogging.  Hannah listened to the strokes landing with a mixture of
admiration and horror.  She was concerned about Dave but was also secretly
pleased by his refusal to make Jade strip her.  But so many blows were landing
now that she wouldn't really begrudge Dave giving in.

Dave held out though, until what he estimated was nearly fifty more strokes,
although he had long ago lost count.  The flogger landed again and again on his
back and bottom until he guessed that there was no inch of skin that had not
been hit.  Through a haze of pain he had an idea.

"Stop," Dave said.  "I give in.  Take off her bra."

"Oh, very witty Dave.  But I'll allow you that," Jade said as she walked behind
Hannah again.  She reached her hands up the girl's jumper and unclasped her bra. 
Then she paused as she tried to work out how to remove the bra without freeing
Hannah.  She decided scissors were the best option, and reached them through the
neck of Hannah's jumper to cut the shoulder straps and then tugged the bra out
of the bottom of the jumper.

Hannah smiled as best she could through the ball gag as the fabric of her jumper
touched against her nipples.  Dave had done well, she thought to herself.

Jade released Hannah and led her out of the room.  "I've got an idea," Jade
explained, "but I can't do it by myself.  If you aren't too mad at me, then how
about I explain the plan and we'll take care of those two together?"

"I'm listening," Hannah replied...

Dave and Selena looked up simultaneously as their captors entered the room. 
They were soon rearranged so that they were both bent over the bed, their hands
cuffed behind their backs.  Jade and Hannah laughed as they turned the heads of
their captives to face each other.  Dave and Selena stared at each other's
faces, trying to gauge the other's expression.  Neither could discern anything.

Selena struggled to maintain her stoney-faced expression as she felt hands
reaching round her waist and unbuttoning her jeans.  Her jeans and underwear
were pulled down to expose her ass to the two girls behind her.  She did not
want Dave to realise that she was enjoying this.

Selena had known that she liked being tied up and dominated since before she had
fully realised that she was attracted solely to her own gender.  Since arriving
at university she had found a girl to satisfy her in both these departments.

Selena's girlfriend Liz enjoyed tying Selena up and punishing her, teasing her
and pleasuring her.  Jade certainly seemed to be enjoying the power of having
people under her control, but as yet Selena couldn't determine if Jade was
straight, lesbian or bi.

"Here you go," Jade said, bringing Selena's thoughts back to reality as Selena
and Dave were each handed a lubed butt plug.  "Last one to insert their plug and
hold it there will not get any underwear for the next stage of our day."

Jade and Hannah watched as the two of them scrabbled to insert the plugs into
their asses.  Dave had been given a small to medium-sized plug, and Selena had
been given a medium sized inflatable plug, but neither of them could tell that
their plugs were different.

Dave positioned the plug to point into his asscrack and pushed.  He kept moving
the plug up and down until suddenly he felt something give way and the plug went
in.  The sensations from his ass suddenly arrived at his brain, and he gasped at
the feeling of his ass dilating to accept the plug.  He waited for a few seconds
then pushed the rest of the plug home.

Meanwhile, Selena was slowly inserting her own plug.  She had inserted this plug
into herself many times before and so by rights she probably should have won,
she thought to herself.  However, Liz had always made her insert it slowly to
tease her, and Selena didn't want to try inserting it any quicker than she was
used to.  Eventually she finished.

Selena yelped as her legs were grabbed and raised, shifting her weight forward
onto her torso on the bed.  Her jeans were roughly pulled off, followed by her
underwear.   Then her jeans were put back on, with greater difficulty than they
were removed.  Her legs were dropped and she was pulled onto her feet by her
arms.  Her jumper was pulled up and her bra was cut off, like Hannah's had been.

Jade and Hannah found jumpers for Dave and Selena that allowed them to tie their
hands together as Dave's had been earlier, through a front pouch.  Dave was also
given back his own underwear and trousers.

Jade and Hannah led the two subs out of the house and towards the large expanse
of woods that was a ten minute walk from their house.  Jade and Hannah chattered
quietly and laughed as they walked behind Dave and Selena, who said nothing. 
Both of them had a slightly odd gait due to the plugs in their asses.  The
inflating bulb for Selena's plug had been tucked into her back pocket.

When they had gone a hundred metres or so into the wood, Jade and Hannah
stopped.  The trees were fairly sparsely located, and autumnal leaves created a
light brown lining on the floor.  Fading sunlight streamed through the trees.

"Time to strip you two," Jade announced.  Dave and Selena looked at each other. 
Dave tried not to show his enthusiasm for seeing her naked, and Selena tried to
hide her displeasure at the thought.  However, Hannah made sure that Dave turned
away from Selena and didn't look.

Jade freed and then stripped Selena until she was completely naked except for
the plug evidenced by the tube and bulb that led from between her buttocks. 
Hannah similarly freed and stripped Dave down to his underwear.  Then the girls
allowed Dave and Selena to put their shoes back on.

"We'll be leaving your clothes here," Jade announced.  Dave tried to turn round
to look at her, but Hannah grabbed his head to stop him seeing Selena naked. 
"You'll have to come back here to get them," Jade explained.

Jade led Selena off in one direction into the woods, while Dave was led in the
opposite direction by Hannah.

Hannah kept glancing over her shoulder as she walked alongside an almost naked
Dave, who she thought looked slightly ludicrous in his boxer shorts and
trainers.  When Jade was out of sight, Hannah stopped.

"I don't think we want to go any further," she said as she leant against a tree. 
"This was mainly Jade's thing.  We'd look pretty stupid if we were caught.  So
how are you finding that plug?"

"Pretty uncomfortable, but at the same time sort of good," Dave admitted.

"Maybe we'll have to play more with them in the future," Hannah mused.  Dave's
heart skipped a beat.  Did she mean they would be doing this sort of thing
again, he wondered.  He said nothing however.

Hannah and her charge walked quickly back to the pile of clothes, where Dave
re-dressed.  They sat down and chatted while they waited for Selena and Jade to
return.

Selena and Jade had walked much further.  Selena was nervous about being seen,
but felt safer for having Jade with her.  She dreaded to think what would happen
if she had been alone, naked, and had run into a group of men.

Jade stopped abruptly.  Selena walked on a few more paces before she realised.

"I'm going home," Jade announced.  "You can either walk through the streets
naked, or you can go back and get your clothes.  Either way, I'll see you at
home in a while."  With that, she walked away towards the house.  Selena stood
dumbfounded.  She knew that walking back home naked was not an option, so she
would have to find her way back to her clothes.  Hopefully she could remember
the way.

She set off back through the wood, moving slowly and slightly stooped while
holding the bulb for her plug in her hand.  She continually listened for the
sounds of other people talking or moving around.  More than once she stopped and
hid only to realise that she had imagined a sound.

One of the noises was real however.  Selena quickly moved behind a tree and
looked out at a teenage girl walking around about fifty metres away.

"I know you're here somewhere guys.  I'll find you, no matter how well you've
hidden."  Selena's heart fluttered.  They were playing hide and seek.  For all
she know, the boys that the girl was looking for were hidden very close by.

Selena hid herself as best she could, afraid to sneak away lest she cause too
much noise and be found.  She waited there, not daring to leave until she was
sure that the game of hide and seek had finished.  The girl wandered too far
away for Selena to determine when that was, so she ended up waiting for what
must have been more than an hour before she moved on.

It was dusk when Selena finally got to her clothes.  Dave's clothes had gone,
and no-one was there.  She dressed slowly and then began the walk back to the
house, feeling used and abandoned.

Dave and Hannah had left half an hour earlier, and were now sitting in Hannah's
room.  Hannah had not given any opportunity for Dave to remove his plug, so he
was still wearing it.

"Would you give me a back massage?" Hannah asked, and as she expected Dave
readily accepted.  Hannah lay down on her front on the bed, and pulled her
jumper up to expose her back.  Dave gazed lovingly at Hannah's smooth supple
back, unspoiled by a bra strap since Jade hadremoved it earlier.  Dave was also
very aware that Hannah's breasts were naked and would be revealed if she rolled
over.

Dave knelt beside Hannah on the bed and began slowly rubbing and massaging her
back.  He enjoyed every moment, as his fingers ran over her smooth skin, as he
felt her ribcage beneath her flesh, and as he ran his fingers down her sides,
tantalisingly close to her breasts.Hannah emitted occasional moans of enjoyment,
but only spoke when she had had enough.

"You can stop now Dave," Hannah said, as she pulled her jumper back down.  After
a pause she added: "That was a kind thing you did for me earlier Dave, not
letting Jade strip me.  I guess you'd like me to do something to thank you,
wouldn't you?"

Dave paused, unsure whether to ask for a reward or say that none was needed. 
Hannah continued anyway.  "I will have a think on what to do to reward you. 
Maybe tomorrow."

That night Jade and Hannah worked out a way to disable the internal catch on
Dave and Selena's doors, meaning that they were lockable from the outside but
could not be unlocked from the inside.  Like prison cells, Jade commented.  Dave
and Selena were sent to bed and locked in, ready for the next morning's
adventures.

If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want me to write more, send me
an e-mail: somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk




Dave was still asleep when Hannah unlocked his door.  She went into his room and
shook him gently until he woke up.  He looked up at her and smiled.

"It's time to choose your reward Dave," Hannah said, and Dave sat bolt upright
in bed, causing her to laugh.  "You get three choices.  They are: one; I give
you a handjob, two; you get to watch me shower, or three; I tie you up and give
you a surprise.  With various provisos of course."

"Hmmm."  Dave pondered the decision, his mind still surfacing from the haze
caused by having recently woken up.  He opened his mouth to announce his
decision, but stopped as Hannah spoke again.

"Of course..."  Hannah's voice trailed off.

"Yep?"

"Well... what if you could have all three?"  Dave's heart leapt.  His cock,
already erect, twitched as it often had recently in Hannah's prescence.  "Would
you want that?" Hannah asked.

"Definitely.  What would I have to do?"  Hannah smiled at Dave's response.

"You'd have to live by my new house rules.  Number one: you'd be naked at all
times in the house unless we had visitors.  Two, you'd take over doing all my
chores in the house.  Three, you would do everything else I needed and asked for
in the house, such as cooking or washing.  If you do all this, I'll give you
each of those rewards over the next three days.  Otherwise you'll just get the
one, as I promised.  Do you agree to live by my rules?"

"Yes," Dave said, without pausing to consider his answer.

"Good.  In that case, get up and bring me some cereal."  Dave did as he was
told, and as Hannah sat and ate it in his room, she outlined the plan for the
day.  Dave listened intently and when she finished, he began to carry out her
orders.

His first task was to go upstairs into Hannah's room and find her dirty laundry
basket, from which he had to select a pair of her panties and a pair of socks to
wear that day.  He quickly found a pair of plain cotton white knickers and,
unable to resist the temptation, Dave sniffed the crotch.  It had a strong
perfumed smell to it, and Dave eagerly put them on.  As before, his cock was
barely half-covered by the underwear, the remainder poking out of the waistband.

He put on some thin black socks and returned downstairs to his room, where
Hannah was sat on the bed browsing his bookshelf.  She smiled at the sight of
Dave in her underwear and socks, thinking of how humbling it must feel for him. 
He said nothing, and found a jumper and trousers to wear from his wardrobe.  He
dressed quickly.

"Now Dave, do you remember exactly what you need to get?" Hannah asked in a
slightly patronising manner.

"One packet of thin condoms, a tube of lubricant and a long thin cucumber."

"And why are you getting each of those?"

"The condoms and lube are for my handjob reward, and the cucumber is to embarass
me."

"Correct.  Now go, and be quick."

Dave walked briskly to the supermarket.  He quickly located the toiletries aisle
where the condoms and lube would be, and waited until no-one was in his
immediate vicinity before grabbing the two products.  Then he found the fruit &
veg aisles and picked up the cucumber.  He took them to an 'express' check-out.

Dave kept the condoms and lube hidden from view as best he could until he
reached the front of the queue.  The assistant did not seem to notice anything
unusual about the combination of Dave's purchases, but Dave could feel his ears
burning red hot anyway.  He paid in cash and quickly hid his things in a carrier
bag and hurried from the store.

While Dave was out, Hannah spent her time fetching bondage gear from Selena's
chest (which Jade had now declared communal to the household), and using it to
set-up Dave's bed as she desired.  By the time Dave returned, Hannah was all
ready for him.

"Strip," she told him as she rose from the bed, and he did so to reveal what
seemed to Dave to be a near-permanent erection.  After all, yesterday had been
full of erotic fun and he had yet to masturbate since.

"Lie down, and put a condom on."  Dave fetched the pack of condoms from the bag
and lay down on the bed.  He hastily opened the pack and tore open the silver
foil of one of the condoms.  He found the teat as he remembered seeing in sex
ed. and grasped it between his fingers while he clumsily rolled the rest of the
condom down over his penis.

When he was finished, Hannah moved in to finish preparing her plan.  Dave soon
found himself blindfolded with his arms spread out and tied to the bedposts.  He
shivered with anticipation.

Hannah clambered on to the bed and straddled Dave's chest, facing his legs.  She
shifted until she found a position that appeared not to hinder his breathing. 
Dave moaned almost imperceptibly as she used her thumb to elevate his cock into
a vertical position.  Using the tube of lubricant in her other hand she squirted
a copious amount of clear lube on to the sheathed head of his cock and then used
her forefinger to spread it around.

Hannah formed a tight ring using her forefinger and thumb and pushed it
downwards onto Dave's cock, letting it slowly widen and then slide down the
shaft.  She hoped that it would feel like he was penetrating her.  She did this
over and over again, but slow enough that it would not make him come.

"Would you like me to stop or continue?" she asked teasingly.

"Continue!" Dave said in a strained voice.  Hannah laughed gaily and grasped
hold of Dave's cock in her fist and began giving him a full-on handjob.  A few
seconds later she watched as the end of the condom filled with white semen.  She
climbed off and freed Dave before going to wash her hands of the sticky
lubricant.  By the time she returned Dave had removed the condom and cleaned
himself up.

"Thank you," he said eagerly, and Hannah smiled.  She felt a sense of pride in
being the first person to do that to Dave.

"Stay here until I come back for you at lunch," Hannah told Dave and left the
room, still smiling.

* * *

Meanwhile, Selena was discovering what it was like to submit to Jade.  Jade had
unlocked her room mid-morning and allowed her to go to the bathroom before
locking her up in Jade's room.  Half an hour later, Selena had been led back
into her own room to find a lot of bondage gear attached to the bed, and other
toys laid around the bed.

Jade cuffed Selena's hands to the corner bedposts at the head of the bed,
leaving her facing upwards, and then held the flogger aloft for Selena to see.

"I am going to ask you some questions about you and your girlfriend Liz.  If you
fail to answer, you will be flogged on your tits.  Understand?"

"Yes," Selena answered nervously.  The flogger landed on her breasts, with
moderate force.

"Yes what?" demanded Jade.

"Yes mistress?" The flogger fell again.  Selena jumped slightly.

"Mistress could be anyone.  You will address me as Jade."

"Yes Jade."

"Good.  So, does Liz dominate you?"  Selena paused, trying to decide how much
she should tell Jade. The flogger lashed down, and she grunted.

"Yes."  The flogger hit her again.  "Yes, Jade!"

"Describe to me a typical scene with her, one from the past."  Selena quickly
thought of a recent long session with Liz that would placate Jade.

"Ok Jade.  Liz came up to my room one afternoon and made me strip off as soon as
she got here.  I was then made to prepare the bed, a bit like you have just now. 
Liz then tied me up and sat on my face. You see - she likes oral whereas I like
strap-ons. It was hard to breathe with my face buried in her pussy, and she made
me lick her.  I was breathing on her pussy the whole time, and every time I
breathed in I could smell her.  All I could see was her pubic hairs and her ass
cheeks."  Selena smiled as she recalled the experience.

"So she doesn't blindfold you?" Jade cut in.

"No Jade, she doesn't.  She says I should want to look at her, and that she
likes to see the expression on my face.  She made me lick her until she came,
and all her juices were running down my chin.  Then she told me she was going to
fuck me with her strap-on, and I begged her to let me have a plug in my ass as
that makes me come better, and she let me have my favourite small plug on the
condition that I would also wear nipple clamps.

"She put the clamps on, and the feeling of them digging into my nipples made me
barely notice the plug sliding into my ass.  Then she started fucking me, and
kept going until I came.'

Jade mused on this for a moment or two, and then set to work.  Selena found
herself blindfolded and gagged before Jade started putting some sort of tape
across her stomach.  Once a sizeable portion of her stomach seemed to have been
covered, Jade began to write on the tape.  Selena had no idea what she was up
to.

Then Selena was turned over, and tied properly to the bed, with her hands cuffed
together around a bedpost, and her legs tied apart to the bottom of the bed,
such that she was left on her front with her legs spread.  Then Jade applied
more tape to a region on her lower back, and wrote on that too.

Jade left the room, leaving Selena blind and contemplating her fate.

* * *

Liz approached the front door to Selena's house. She had recieved a coy text
message from Selena late that morning, inviting her round for some 'fun'.  This
was unlike Selena, so Liz had been intrigued and had wasted no time in rushing
out to Selena's.

One of Selena's housemates answered the door, and informed Liz that Selena was
up in her room. Liz climbed the stairs and knocked on Selena's door.  When there
was no answer, she pushed the door open and went into the room.

To Liz's surprise, Selena was lying tied up on the bed.  Her hands were together
at the top of the bed, and she appeared to be both blindfolded and gagged. Her
legs were spread and tied to the near end of the bed, exposing her sumptuous ass
and pussy.  On her back was what appeared to be some form of beige tape.  As Liz
went closer, she discovered that it was five strips of tape with writing on it. 
It read:

Fuck me in my pussy then my ass

Liz smiled.  She leaned forwards and spanked Selena ten times.  Selena winced
with each blow.

"That's for your impudence, but I will do what you want."  This made Selena
begin squirming in her bonds, which Liz smiled at.

Jade watched the video of events from the webcam on her computer monitor.  She
had set up the webcam above Selena's bed, and carefully routed the cable through
to her bedroom so that Liz would not spot it.

So now Jade had a live webcam feed of lesbian sex (although she was of course
recording it too, for use later on if necessary).  She sat back and smiled,
wondering what Selena must be thinking.

Selena was anxious.  She had no idea what Jade had written on her back, and now
Liz was going to do whatever it was.  Hopefully the fact that Liz was willing to
do it meant that it couldn't be too awful, but Selena was still worried.  Jade
had something about her that made Selena very wary.

All her worries melted away as she felt the familiar press of a lubed dildo
against her closed labia. It was slowly pushed all the way in, and Selena gasped
behind her gag as her vagina slowly adjusted to the intruder.  When she had
almost got used to its bulk, Liz began thrusting in and out of her.

Selena relaxed in her bonds and began to enjoy the sex.  Liz always thrust with
a constant slow tempo, and with moderate force.  This took Selena longer to come
than simple hard-and-fast, although she suspected that was precisely why Liz did
it.

As Selena felt a familiar surge building up inside her she began to moan and
groan.  When Selena was on the tip of orgasm, Liz pulled out.  Selena gave an
anguished cry and pushed her groin backwards towards the dildo.  Liz's hand
pushed down on the small of Selena's back.

Selena howled through her gag as Liz pushed the end of the slippery dildo into
Selena's ass.  Liz was surprised that Selena had asked for this, and was equally
not surprised when Selena seemed to find it painful.  They had only attempted
this once before, and had been forced to stop due to the pain it had caused
Selena.

Liz waited until Selena seemed to have calmed down, and then tried to thrust. 
This was immediately met by more howls from Selena, so Liz stopped again.  She
contemplated stopping altogether, but decided against it; if Selena had asked
for this, this was what she deserved.

Eventually Liz was able to begin thrusting without too much resistance from
Selena, who was by then reduced to grunting with each thrust.  Liz soon became
bored due to Selena not being very responsive to her ass-fucking.  She pulled
out, and freed Selena's legs and wrists.

Selena rolled over and took off her blindfold to see Liz stared wide-eyed at
Selena's stomach.  Selena looked down and slowly read what was written on the
tape across her abdomen:

I belong to Jade now.

"Is this some kind of sick joke?" Liz demanded angrily. Selena tried to speak,
then realised that she was still gagged.  She fumbled to remove her gag as Liz
jumped off the bed and stormed out of the room.

Jade stepped out of her door as Liz stomped out into the corridor.

"What is going on?" Liz asked, her face reddening with rage.

"Exactly what it said.  Selena belongs to me now."

"What do you mean belong?  You can't 'own' someone!"

"I could own you too if you want," Jade replied.  Liz searched for some hint of
flippancy or humour, but found none.

"Have you been sleeping with her?"

"That is between me and her.  She does have a pretty pussy though, doesn't she?"

Liz opened her mouth to shout a reply, but then changed her mind.

"I don't need this," she said angrily, and pushed past Jade to storm down the
stairs and out of the house.

Jade shook her head disappointedly and went into Selena's room where Selena had
finally removed her gag, and the chain that Liz had failed to remove properly
from her ankle, which had kept her from intervening between Liz and Jade.

"What are you doing?  You just split me and Liz up!  How could you?"

"Don't worry -- in a few days' time I'll explain to her that I was making it all
up and it was a prank.  If you're good in the mean-time that is."

"You bitch!  You did this all just to have a hold over me?" Selena asked
incredulously.  Jade smiled.

Jade suddenly grabbed hold of Selena and pushed her back onto the bed, holding
her down as she struggled.

"You can either stop moaning about it, or I will tie you down again, call Dave
up here and I'll leave that tape on for him to read!  Which is it to be?"

Selena said nothing.  Jade shook her -- hard.

"Fine, I'll be quiet Jade."

"Good," Jade said, and she took hold of a strip of tape on Selena's back,
ripping it off and taking some soft hairs from Selena's back with it.  Selena
shrieked.  Jade continued to rip off the tape regardless, strip by strip.

* * *

There was a knock on Dave's door, and he got up to open it.

"Come and make lunch for everyone," Hannah said and Dave followed her into the
kitchen.  At Hannah's behest he made cucumber and cheese sandwiches for Jade,
Selena and Hannah.

"You'll get your food afterwards," Hannah informed him. "First, I want you to
take these sandwiches up to Jade and Selena, and tell them that you have been
instructed to wait until they have finished so that you can bring their plates
back down."

Dave picked up the plates and carried them carefully upstairs. He was getting
used to walking around the house naked now, and barely thought anything of the
two girls seeing his naked body when he knocked on Jade's door.

Dave sat in the corner of the room bored as Jade and Selena slowly ate their
sandwiches, and handed him the plates to return downstairs.  He thought he
detected tension in the air, but decided he was probably imagining it. 

Hannah was waiting for him in the kitchen when he went back downstairs, her
sandwich still untouched.

"Do you want to know a little secret?" Hannah asked as Dave put the plates into
the sink.

"Yep?"

"You know that cucumber, that you bought this morning and then we used in these
sandwiches?"

"Yeah."

"Well, while you were in your room, I took it upstairs and I got myself all wet
-- then I put it in myself."  Hannah grinned as Dave's eyes widened, and his
cock stirred.

"So I guess it was almost as if Jade and Selena were licking me out huh --
eating all my juices like that?"  Dave's cock completed its transition into a
full erection. 

"Now, sit down and watch me eat my sandwich.  I bet it's gonna taste really
good."

Dave sat and watched as Hannah slowly ate her sandwich, licking her lips slowly
at every opportunity.  It was not subtle, but it had the desired effect.  Dave's
cock was so hard he was sure it would never go soft again.

When she had finished, Hannah went to the fridge and took out the remaining part
of the cucumber.  She sat down opposite Dave again, and watched his eyes, which
were fixated on the cucumber.  She put it to her lips and began tentatively
licking the circumference of the green vegetable. Dave's cock was now painfully
hard.

"Do you want to come now?" Hannah asked.

"Yes," Dave said enthusiastically, hoping that she would stroke him again.

"What if I was to get you to come for me now?  Would you like that?"

"Yes," Dave said, on tenterhooks.

"But what if, if I told you to come now, that would be it? You'd stop being
naked, you'd be free, but you'd get no more rewards and we'd be finished." 
Hannah took a bite from the cucumber in her hand.  "Tastes good," she commented
in a hushed voice.

Dave found it hard to concrentrate on anything other than the immediate needs of
his burgeoning cock but he managed it.

"In that case, I don't want to come."

"Good," Hannah replied with a twinkle in her eye, and she continued to lick and
nibble at the cucumber that just hours before had filled her pussy while she had
wished that it was Dave's cock.  All in good time, she thought to herself, all
in good time.

* * *

The next morning, Dave was again woken up by Hannah knocking on his door. He
answered it bleary-eyed and sleepy but immediately became more attentive once he
noticed that she was wearing her dressing gown.

"It's shower day Dave," Hannah told him.  Dave beamed and followed Hannah up the
stairs into the bathroom. The four corners of the bathroom were taken up by the
door, the toilet, the washbasin and the shower, with the centre of the room
empty.

The shower was two large glass panels jutting out from the walls in the corner
to form a cubicle, with one panel serving as a door.  Hannah opened the door and
started the shower running; the shower in their house needed a minute or two
before it would run hot.

Hannah handed Dave her two towels.  "No touching, understand?"  Dave nodded, and
Hannah untied her dressing gown cord and let the gown fall to the floor.

The caveat on this activity turned out to be that Hannah was wearing a bikini. 
Dave was initially disappointed but tried hard not to let it show. Instead he
began to run his eyes slowly down her semi-naked body.

The end of Hannah's long straight brown hair touched her shoulders, which were
freckled like her face. Her chest above her cleavage was unblemished except for
a solitary brown mole perched just above the top of her left breast. 

The slightly baggy black bikini top made Hannah's breasts look larger than they
were; the two small pointed tits that Dave imagined to be there did not fulfill
the promise offered by the rounded cups of the bikini that enclosed them.

The cups parted to reveal the expanse of bare chest between her breasts that
ran, uncovered except for the black string between the cups, down to her stomach
-- which initially appeared flat. After a few moments of gazing at it, Dave's
eyes began to pick out a slight curvature outwards that he found curiously
endearing.

Symmetric creases from the tops of Hannah's hip bones led inwards across the top
of her legs and disappeared frustratingly behind the black 'V' of cloth that
formed the front of her bikini bottoms.  Dave pondered how the area being
covered could be so small and yet intrigue and attract him so much.

Hannah's legs were long and thin, and seemed to run forever down to her elegant
feet.  Her overall skin tone was slightly browned, not tanned but certainly not
pale. Dave longed to reach out and touch her, but resisted.

Hannah smiled at him, and turned round to head for the shower. Dave had already
seen her back before, and so he found himself fixating instead on her derriere. 
The bikini was again baggy, and hid the true curves of Hannah's ass, but it was
clear to Dave that it must be fairly flat and small.  Probably cute too, he
mused.

Hannah stepped into the shower and closed the door behind her.  She leaned back
and let the water run through her hair, leaving Dave to gaze at her chest as it
was pushed forward.  She lathered her hair with shampoo and turned round to
rinse it out.

Dave watched as the white water ran from Hannah's hair, down her back until her
hair was clean of shampoo. Then came the conditioner and rinsing, before Hannah
turned round and picked up the shower gel.  She stepped out of the flow of the
water, made a lather in her hands, and then made a big show of covering herself
in the soapy substance.

Dave watched as she first covered her arms and chest, slipping her hands inside
the cups of her bikini in order to soap up her hidden breasts. Then she moved
downwards towards her navel and beyond, but instead turned round and began
soaping her back.

She poured some more shower gel out of sight and reached behind her, where Dave
could see, and slid her hands under the waistband of her bikini to lather her
buttocks. Dave watched as her hands moved around beneath the black cloth,
rubbing her ass-cheeks before pulling them apart. Then her right hand moved
towards the centre of her ass, and rubbed up and down between her cheeks.

Dave longed for her to remove the clothing that hid her hands' work; doubly so
when her hand paused by where her asshole must be.  Was she rubbing round it,
Dave wondered to himself -- or was she maybe inserting a finger into her by-now
slippery hole.  His imagination was working overtime but he had no way of
knowing.

Hannah took her hands out of her bikini and bent forwards to be able to reach
down and lather her legs.  She lathered the front of her legs too, and then
turned round to face Dave again before stepping back into the jet of hot water
from the shower-head and letting all the lathered gel run off her body.

Hannah turned off the shower, and stepped out of the cubicle, holding out her
hands for Dave to pass her the towels. She wrapped the smaller one around her
hair, and the larger one around her body.

"Did you like that?" she asked.  Dave nodded, but more indicative was his once
again painfully hard cock, naked and exposed for Hannah to see.

"Maybe I could give you another massage?" Dave suggested and immediately
regretted being so bold.  Thankfully, Hannah did not seem to mind.

"You could," she mused and said nothing for a few seconds. "Ok, how about this
--" she continued, "you can either give me another back massage now and have
your next reward tomorrow, or you can have your reward this afternoon, and give
me another massage or two tomorrow if I want. What's it to be?"

"I'll have the reward today please," Dave said excitedly, and Hannah smiled. 

Later that afternoon she came to his room with a load of bondage equipment. 
Dave sat on the chair in the corner of his room and watched as Hannah slowly put
handcuffs on the posts at the top corner of his bed ready for his hands. The
clicking sound of the cuffs being closed around the posts seemed loud to Dave,
as did the jangling of the chains as Hannah attached them ready for his feet.

"Come and lie down on the bed," Hannah said to Dave, and he did as he was told. 
He offered his hands to Hannah, who cuffed them before putting legcuffs on his
ankles and attaching them to the chains.

"Now," Hannah said as she slipped a blindfold on him, "I'm going to be gone for
a while, probably about half an hour to an hour or so.  I want you to spend that
time thinking about what your reward might be."

Dave felt her kiss his forehead, and then heard the door open and close.  She
was gone.  Dave's thoughts immediately turned to what might be in store for him.

His initial thoughts that it might be sex seemed unlikely, given Hannah's desire
so far to go at a slow pace. His suspicion was that it would be a blow job or,
more likely, another hand job.

A couple of things stuck in his mind however.  Why hadn't she gagged him?  And
why did she have to leave for a while first; was she just increasing his
anticipation, or did she need to prepare something first?

While he waited, Dave imagined almost every possible sex act he could think of,
with just Hannah, but also the possibility that Selena might somehow be involved
as well.  His cock was once again rock hard, and he longer to be free and able
to stroke it -- or even better, for Hannah to return and do it for him.

Finally, Hannah returned.

"It's time," she said as she walked towards the bed.

* * *

If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want me to write more, send me
an e-mail: somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk




"I think somehow that this reward isn't going to be what you expected," Hannah
said, as she flicked her middle finger against Dave's hard cock.  He arced his
back and for a second Hannah thought he was going to come.  She laughed.

"Ok, here's your reward: you get to ask me five questions, and I will answer
them all truthfully.  Think carefully -- don't waste them."

For a moment Dave was stunned.  Anti-climax was an understatement he thought to
himself. But when he slowly started to think of questions, he realised it was
not such a bad reward.  Only five -- how to use them?  The topics that came to
mind were questions about Hannah's past sex life, her sexual preferences, her
feelings for Dave and her plans for him.  Dave soon realised that five was not
very many at all.

"Ok, I'm ready.  Number one, how many guys have you tied up ever, not including
me?"  With his blindfold on, Dave had no way of telling what Hannah thought of
the question. His only indicator was how long it took her to answer.

"None -- it's just you," Hannah replied almost immediately.  Dave smiled.

"Number two then, if this is my last reward, what is next generally?  Is that
it?"

"No, I planned to continue with more of the same sort of stuff.  I'm enjoying
myself and I think you are having fun too, right?"  Dave nodded emphatically. 
His blindfold remained in place.

"Thirdly, tell me all the parts of sex, including this sort of kinky stuff,"
Dave jangled his cuffs, "that you enjoy."

"Ok.  This will be a long answer then I guess.  I enjoy being fingered, but not
as much as I enjoy being licked.  Sex is good fun, but certain positions are
better than others.  Hand jobs are good fun to give, and easier than blow jobs. 
I'm not really too fussed about kissing. As for the kinky stuff, I obviously
like tying you up, and teasing you is good fun.  But I imagine that continued
teasing is only fun if it's going somewhere right?"

Dave nodded.

"Good, that's what I thought.  I think that covers everything.  Next question?"

"Do you fancy me?"

This time there was a long pause before Hannah said anything.

"Do you think I do?"

"I'm not sure," Dave explained, "you seem to be enjoying having the power, but I
don't whether you'd have just as much fun if it was some other guy."

"Think about it like this Dave -- I could only tease you if I was going
somewhere with it.  And where I plan to take you, I'd have to fancy you
otherwise I'd end up doing sex things with some guy I didn't find attractive."

"Is that a yes?" Dave asked, a little puzzled.

"Yes, it is.  You're an attractive guy, and you have a great cock."  Dave
couldn't help but smile. It almost put him off asking his last question, but he
stuck to his plan.

"Do you love me?"

Hannah again took a long time to reply.

"I don't know.  Maybe, but I'm not sure.  I'm afraid that's the truth."

"Ok," Dave said, regretting asking.  "That's my lot then."

Hannah set to work freeing him.

"I've got a friend coming round this evening -- Mandy -- and I have a plan for
some fun. I want you to agree with everything I suggest, the first item of which
will be strip poker, or some strip-card game anyway.  You are to throw each hand
ok?  If either me or Mandy remove more than our shoes and socks, you won't be
getting any rewards for a while."

* * *

Selena knocked on Jade's door.  Jade answered, and Selena went past her into the
room and sat down.

"Look, Jade, what you did with Liz isn't right.  You can't just break us up like
that!"

"Do you think you two should be together then, considering what we've been doing
these past few days?"

"I had no choice, and it's not like we've been having sex.  You're too frigid,
or straight. Either way, I want to be back with Liz."

"Ok, Selena.  I promise that the day after tomorrow, I'll explain things to Liz. 
You only have to do one thing today and one tomorrow, then we're done.  You have
my word."

"What's today's thing?" Selena asked suspiciously.

"I just want to practice tying you up."

Selena grudgingly accepted.

* * *

"Hi Mandy, are you still on for coming over tonight?  You are... great.  I'll
see you at seven then."

Hannah hung up the phone.  She couldn't wait to show off Dave to Mandy.  Just
wait until she sees him naked, Hannah thought and smiled.

* * *

Selena was tied up.  Jade had done a good job, Selena thought, as she could not
move.  She was curled up in a ball on her front, with her arms stretched back
behind her to a spreader bar.  Her legs were bound together in three different
places; once at her ankles, once just below her knees, and finally near the top
of her thighs.  Her ankles were also tied to the spreader bar, that lay
underneath them.  Selena was blindfolded and gagged as she had come to expect. 
She felt the air running over her exposed ass, and onto her pussy through the
little hole in the top of her thighs that nicely allowed access, and wondered if
today would be the day that Jade might finally dare to touch her.  It turned out
to be nothing of the sort.

"Thirty hard flogs, waiting to be dealt," Jade sung quietly, "Thirty hard flogs
waiting to be dealt.  And if young Selena happened to be hit --"  The flogger
came down hard on Selena's backside, and she yelped.  "There'd be twenty-nine
hard flogs waiting to be dealt," Jade sung, then stopped.  "I will not tolerate
you talking back to me Selena -- time to be punished."

Selena winced as the next blow landed.  Twenty-eight to go, she thought grimly.

* * *

"How about some cards?" Hannah suggested.  Dave recognised his cue.

"Sounds good to me."

"Cool.  What games do you know Mandy?" Hannah asked.

"Erm, whist?" Mandy suggested.

"Perfect.  How would you like to make it a bit more exciting though?".

"How do you mean?"

"Would anyone be up for some strip whist?  Whoever wins the trick gets to decide
who loses an item of clothing."

"I'd be up for that," Dave said enthusiastically.

"I'm not sure..." Mandy said.  "I mean, I'm not much to look at anyway, you guys
don't want to see that."

"Nonsense," Hannah said.  "Dave would love to see what you've got under there,
wouldn't you Dave?"

"Sure," Dave said.  In truth, he was rather nonplussed.  Hannah was the main
object of his affection, and Mandy did not seem to offer anything better than
Hannah.  She had a larger cleavage but that was mainly because she had a larger
figure in general.  She had long black hair that ran down either side of her
pale, slightly plain face.  Mandy still seemed unconvinced, so Dave added: "I
doubt I'll very good at it anyway Mandy, so you shouldn't be in too much
danger." 

Mandy smiled and accepted the offer.  Hannah fetched the cards and dealt them. 
The early rounds with little to play for passed quickly.  By the time Dave had
been made to take off both shoes and both socks, Hannah had lost one shoe and
Mandy two (though only because Hannah had used one of her wins to remove Mandy's
shoe, to make her feel more welcome).

Dave led with the eight of clubs and Mandy laid the jack of clubs down.  Hannah
decided to trump them both with the three of hearts.

"Dave," Hannah announced, "your jumper."  Dave nodded and Hannah turned to watch
Mandy's expression as Dave took off his jumper.  Mandy's eyes lit up as Dave's
chest was revealed.  She doubted there was an ounce of fat on him, but he was
not too thin.  His chest was totally flat and hairless, with the barest hint of
contours to mark his pecs.  His lowest ribs protruded just enough to be
noticeable, but not oddly so.  His arms were relatively thin, but what substance
there was to them appeared to be muscle not fat.

Hannah took the ten of spades from her hand and laid it on the low table in the
middle of the three of them, snapping the plastic-backed card against the table
noisily.  Mandy stopped staring and looked at her hand again.  Dave put down the
king of spades, and Mandy opted for the two of diamonds.

"Your shoe Hannah," Dave said nonchalantly, picking which of the girls would
strip purely on the basis of avoiding either of them stripping too much. 
Hannah's warning was still at the forefront of his mind.  He had not meant to
win that trick, but he had been forced to follow suit.  He put down a low card
to start the next trick, the six of diamonds.  Mandy followed with the seven
before Hannah laid the queen down.

"Trousers," she said, again turning subtly to watch Mandy as Dave unzipped his
jeans and pulled them down.  Mandy once again stared openly as Dave's legs and
boxers were revealed.  His legs seemed relatively thin but unlike his chest they
were moderately hairy.  It was mainly his boxers that caught Mandy's attention
however.  She tried to discern curves in the dark material that would suggest
the package that hid inside.

Hannah snapped a card onto the table, and Mandy turned to see Dave follow
Hannah's three of spades with the jack of spades.  Mandy saw her opportunity and
put down her trump card.

"Your boxers Dave," Mandy said gleefully and turned to watch Dave get up off the
bed, and slide his boxers down his legs.  His erect cock sprang forth and Mandy
bit back a gasp.  She had never seen a man's cock in the flesh before, and she
was fascinated.  The purple-tinged head had a cloak of foreskin at its base
which formed the top of the long shaft of the penis that ran unblemished down to
where it joined both his torso and the loose bag of skin that enclosed his
testicles.  If Dave had walked over to Mandy and commanded her to lick his cock,
she gladly would have done so.  Mandy's reaction did not escape Hannah's
attention.

"Dave, why don't you go and fix us a snack?" Hannah said suggestively.

"Naked?" Dave asked simply.  Hannah smiled.

"No, put your clothes back on first silly."  Hannah tried to indicate that she
didn't want Mandy to realise that Dave venturing from the room naked was a
normal occurrence.

"He's quite something isn't he?" Hannah said once Dave had left the room.

"Uh-huh.  So tell me, is he single?"

"No, he isn't."

"Shame."

Hannah smiled.

"I guess so."

* * *

"Last task for me today; must feel good huh?" Jade asked when she opened the
door to Selena's room the next morning.  Selena said nothing.  "Get dressed,
we're taking a walk," Jade explained.  Selena silently obeyed while Jade filled
a bag with some toys from the trunk.

Jade led Selena out of the house to another student house nearby.  Selena felt
numb and tired; she leaned against the wall as Jade rapped on the door.  A young
girl answered the door.  Ordinarily Selena would have been checking her out, but
today she felt apathetic.

"Is Robert in?" Jade asked with a sweetness that Selena was unaccustomed to
hearing from her.

"No, he's gone out for a bit," the girl in the doorway answered.

"Could we possibly go in and wait in his room?  I'm a friend of his from his
course, he'd be fine with it."

"Yeah, sure."  Jade led Selena up the stairs and into a bedroom at the back of
the house.  The room was of a fairly average size for a student room.  It had a
single bed in the corner with a crumpled duvet on it.  The walls were adorned
with posters.  Selena recognised Star Wars, The Matrix and one more rung a bell,
but the rest were an unknown collage of science fiction.  There was a computer
desk with what appeared to be two computers on it.  The curtains were closed,
but the light was on.

Jade turned round and suddenly grabbed Selena, who did not respond quickly
enough.  Jade swiftly cuffed Selena's hands to the bed.

"What are you up to this time?" Selena asked urgently, a sense of danger
clearing away her haze.

"You'll find out in a minute," Jade said as she secured Selena's ankles to the
bottom of the bed, leaving her with arms and legs spread to the four corners of
the bed, the duvet now discarded on the floor.  Jade produced a large pair of
scissors and began to cut up the leg of Selena's jogging trousers.  Selena
remained motionless as she felt the dull side of the scissors run up her leg and
supressed her urge to shiver at the touch of the cold metal.  Jade did the same
with her jumper and underwear until she had destroyed Selena's clothes to leave
her naked.  One blindfold and gag later, Jade was ready to apply her finishing
touch.  She scrawled on a piece of paper and taped it to Selena's bare chest.

"Right, I'm off now," Jade said cheerily.

"Mmmmmm-mmmmmm.  Mmmmppphh.  Mmmmmm!"

"I think I can guess the sort of thing you're saying.  What's going on, what am
I up to, why am I leaving you here, what will happen, don't go -- right?  Well,
what's happening is this: I'm leaving you here, naked and tied up.  You'll be
here until Robert returns.  Now I doubt Robert has ever seen a real naked girl,
and doubt even less that he has ever had the opportunity to have sex with one. 
And just in case he is in any doubt, I've left him a note to tell him what you
want him to do.  I will see you at home later.  If he lets you free that is." 
With that, Jade left the room.

* * *

Dave raised his head at what sounded like the door opening.  He paused, waiting
for Hannah to talk to him, but he heard nothing more, and decided he must have
imagined it.  Hannah had tied him up on the bed with his hands cuffed behind his
back, and his legs in the spreader bar.  He was blindfolded and gagged, "to
complete the effect" in Hannah's words.  Hannah had once again gone out and left
him tied up in order to tease him.  She had not even specified how long she
would be.

After a short while, Dave heard the door again, and this time it was definitely
not imagined.  He heard footsteps approaching the bed and he tried to roll onto
his side to face them but a hand pushed him firmly back down against the bed.

"You're fine where you are," Mandy said.  Dave's body twitched in shock, and he
began struggling to squirm away from her.  Mandy easily held down his tied body
with one hand while she slowly removed her trousers with the other hand.  Dave
felt the bed sink beside him and then felt Mandy's thighs against the side of
his head as she slowly lowered herself onto him.  The fabric of her knickers
pressed against Dave's nose, and he smelt her strong scent.  His upper body was
pinned by Mandy's legs and torso.  As much as he tried to get free he could not.

"Mmmm I love the look of your dick," Mandy said as she ran her hands down Dave's
naked sides towards his hips.  "You and me are going to have a lot of fun."

* * *

Selena twisted and turned for the hundredth time.  Ever since Jade had left, she
had been trying to get free or at least attract the attention of Robert's
housemates.  It was to no avail however; she did not seem able to generate
enough noise, and her cuffs were deliberately arranged to prevent her freeing
herself.  Selena's thoughts were in freefall somewhere between panic and
reflection on how she came to be there.

Things with Jade had clearly gone too far now.  She had set Selena up to be
raped by some unknown guy who any minute now was going to come back into his
room and have his way with Selena.  And then maybe he would keep her tied up;
what if he didn't even let her go after the first, or the second or the third
time?  Surely he would, surely he would only want a little fun wouldn't he? 
Maybe he would just make her suck him off.  That wouldn't be quite as bad would
it?  This was all Jade's fault, how could Selena have been so stupid to get
caught up in this.

The door opened, and Selena waited.

* * *

If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want me to write more, send me
an e-mail: somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk




Hannah pushed open the door and gasped in shock.  Dave was tied just where she
had left him, but sitting on top of him was Mandy.  She was wearing only her
underwear, leaving the rest of her large figure exposed.  Her breasts threatened
to spill out of her bra, and beneath that her stomach reached over the elastic
of her knickers.  Her large pale white-skinned thighs spread from Dave's face
across his shoulders.  Further down his body, Mandy's hands were running over
his cock.  Mandy looked up at the sound of Hannah entering the room.

"Get off him.  Now!"

"Why?" Mandy asked calmly, her hands continuing to caress Dave's erect dick. 
"Can't I have a piece of him?"

"No you cannot!  Get off him before I, I --" Hannah said, incensed.

"Fine," Mandy said reluctantly and she climbed off.  Hannah angrily picked
Mandy's clothes up and handed them to her, before pushing her out of the room.

"That bitch," Hannah ranted.  "How dare she try to move in on you, and while
you're all tied up!  How could she have known!  I don't believe this."

"Mmmm-mmmrph," Dave tried to speak but was still gagged.  Hannah duly released
the impediment and he spoke again: "Mandy said that Jade told her I was here,
like this."

"Jade!" Hannah said angrily, and she stormed from the room.

* * *

Robert walked into his room to find what was probably the biggest shock of his
life; a naked girl tied to his bed.  She had medium-length blonde hair that
framed a face obscured by a sleep-mask blindfold and a rubber ball-gag.  Her
arms were handcuffed to the corners of the bed beside her head, leaving her
clearly helpless.  Her breasts were flattened against her chest by gravity,
leaving their size unclear.  Her small pink nipples jutted upright into the air. 
Her stomach was covered by a piece of paper, but Robert's eyes skipped over it
to her groin, which was unclothed but covered in an abundance of curly brown
hair that hid the details of her genitalia.  Her long legs ran down to cuffs
that were attached to the lower corners of the bed.

Robert read the note on her chest:

A present.  Do what you like, I'm game.

This was a dream come true for Robert.  He knew he wasn't dreaming, which must
mean it was some form of prank.  And yet, the girl looked totally hopeless. 
Should he decide to do something, he wasn't sure she would actually be able to
stop him.  But he knew what he should do.  He removed her gag, and said:

"Are you sure?"

Selena breathed a sigh of relief, before an urgency to respond took over, in
case Robert replaced the gag.

"No!" she said, a little louder than she intended.  Robert was taken aback, and
then recovered his wits.

"Shall I, erm, untie you?"

"Please," Selena said, her heart warming to her unseen rescuer.  Her blindfold
was removed and she looked up at Robert.  He had a short crop of brown hair,
with black thin-framed squarish spectacles and a kind face.  Suddenly Selena
became acutely aware that she was naked in front of this stranger.  She tried to
cross her legs to hide her dignity, despite it all being far too late.  Robert
untied Selena and she immediately grabbed for the discarded quilt to cover her
modesty.

"So what's going on?" Robert asked.

Selena looked into his face, and burst into tears.

Over the next hour, Selena haltingly told Robert the whole story, from her
initial capture by Jade to this final insult, slipping in details about her (now
ruined) previous relationship with Liz as well.  Robert listened
sympathetically.  He was surprised to find that despite Selena's in-depth
descriptions of her lesbian relationships, he remained supportive and not
aroused. 

"I'm afraid to go back home," Selena explained.  "I don't know what Jade will do
next."  She studied Robert and then plucked up the courage to ask: "Will you
help me?"

"I'd like to help you, I would.  I just don't know if it's a good idea for me to
get involved."

"Please.  I'll make it up to you."

"Make it up to me?" Robert said.  He was puzzled, but Selena mistook it for
interest.

"Not sex, I'm a girl's girl through and through.  But maybe you could watch me
or something?" she suggested hopefully.

"Yep, sure," Robert answered, excited by the prospect.

* * *

Selena and Robert entered the house boldly and went straight towards Jade's
room.  They knocked loudly but there was no response. Hannah emerged from her
own room next to it.

"She's gone," Hannah explained.

"Gone?" Selena asked, surprised.

"Gone.  She left a note saying she's moving somewhere else, and somebody will be
round for her stuff at some point in the future.  She should just be glad she
left before I could catch up with her!" Hannah said firmly.

"Likewise," Selena said with an undertone of anger. 

* * *

Hannah returned to her room where Dave was sitting naked on the bed.

"Kneel on the floor."  Dave obeyed, and Hannah knelt behind him.  She held out
the four handcuffs joined by chains that she had acquired from Selena's chest. 
Dave shivered as the cold metal ringlets touched his ankles and then his wrists. 
He tugged tentatively at the cuffs, and found that he couldn't get his wrists
more than a foot from his ankles.  Hannah held the familiar ball-gag in front of
him, the rubber ball suspended on the leather strap that she held taut in a
horizontal line.  Dave opened his mouth and Hannah pushed the gag in until the
ball fitted between his teeth, then secured the strap behind his head.  Hannah
took a blindfold and Dave's world went dark.

Hannah sat down on the bed.  She pushed up her pelvis and pulled down her
trousers.  She shuffled to the edge of the bed, and pulled Dave's head between
her legs.  Dave felt the press of cotton against his face and realised that his
nose was pushing against the outside of Hannah's panties.  He melted forwards
into the fabric, intoxicated by the smell.  It was musky; recognisably a human
smell.  It was not sweet, but something innate inside Dave was inexplicably yet
totally attracted to it.  His dick hardened as Hannah held his head against her
crotch.

After a few minutes Hannah pushed him away.  Dave sighed silently, but his ears
pricked up at the sound of twanging elastic.  His head was pulled forwards again
and he felt hair against his face.  As the curly hair bristled against the
breadth of his cheeks he could scarcely believe that it was Hannah's pubic hair. 
In his excitement he didn't even notice the precome oozing from his penis onto
his stomach.  He was concentrated solely on the feel of the hair against his
face and the stronger smell.  His gag and cuffs prevented him doing anything
with his opportunity, just as his blindfold prevented him seeing the prize he
most coveted.

"I bet you'd like to have that gag removed wouldn't you?"

Dave nodded his head enough to be perceptible but no more, afraid that he would
pull his head away.  Hannah laughed.

"You're going to have to wait a little longer for that," she said, pushing Dave
backwards and getting up to fetch her underwear.

* * *

"It looks like I'm in the clear now then I guess," Selena said.  She was sat on
her bed next to Robert.

"Looks like it," Robert said, trying to stop from wondering whether he would
still get his reward.

"It's time to go and see Liz in that case.  Will you come along, as moral
support?"

"Yep, sure."

The unlikely couple made their way to Liz's house.  Her housemate let them in
and they went upstairs to Liz's room, from which a girl emerged.  Selena and
Robert both checked her out.  She had long black hair that fell to her waist. 
She had a slightly squarish face but with a cute nose.  She had perfectly smooth
skin, white with rosy cheeks, that seemed to make her lips seem slightly redder
than an average girl's.  She wore only a light blue shirt that stopped half-way
down her thighs.  She looked up at Selena and Robert.

"Can I help you?"

"Yeah.  We're looking for Liz."

"She's in her room, come in."  The new girl led them back into Liz's room. 

"Selena!" Liz said, surprised.

"You move quick don't you?" Selena said.  "What's it been -- less than a week? 
And already you have a new girl!"

"Less than a week?" the new girl said, turning round to look at Selena.  "You
lied to me!"

"Everyone calm down!" Liz said urgently.  "What do you want Selena?"

"I wanted to explain about the other day.  And for some reason I was hoping
you'd take me back.  But now I see that you don't care about that anyway."

"Why would I want you back, after you cheated on me like that!  Sarah is much
better than you anyway."

"I don't want to be a pawn in this game!" Sarah said indignantly.

"Cheated?  I didn't cheat on you, that's what I came to say.  I had no choice! 
She forced me!" Selena tried to explain.

"And you loved it, didn't you!" Liz taunted.

"No!"

"Not even a little bit?"

"No, well I mean obviously a tiny bit, but that still didn't mean-"

"Well since there's no way I'm taking you back why don't you just get out?" Liz
told her.

"Liz.  Look, why don't you hear her out?" Sarah interjected.

"You shut up and know your place!" Liz said.

"Know my place?  What does that mean?  Just because we're together doesn't mean
you control me!"

"It does if I say it does!"

"I can't believe I ever went out with you!" Selena said angrily.

"Me either." Sarah said.

Selena, Sarah walked angrily from the room, Sarah grabbing her clothes as she
went.  Robert, who had remained silent the whole time, followed them.

"Look, I'm sorry if I messed things up," Selena said to Sarah as she dressed in
the hallway.

"No, you didn't.  You just opened my eyes to what she was like.  I'm sorry that
I moved in so fast, I had no idea you had been with Liz so recently.  She never
mentioned it."

"That's ok.  I don't mind a fast mover," Selena said with a smile.

"I guess I'll go home," Robert said as he squeezed past them to the door.

"Ok.  I'll be in touch some time," Selena said with a lightness that Robert
suspected meant she wouldn't.

"Sure," he said, and left.

"So, do you want to go for a drink somewhere?" Sarah suggested.  Selena smiled.

* * *

Dave's face was buried in Hannah's naked crotch again.  For an hour each day for
the past week, Hannah had cuffed, gagged and blindfolded him before holding him
against her naked groin.  On every alternate day she had cuffed his hands in
front of his body instead of behind, and she had made him masturbated into a
tissue part-way through the hour.  Then she had continued to keep him between
her legs for the remainder of the time.  Hannah had explained that he had better
get used to being there, whether he was turned on or not.  Sometimes she had
been dry, sometimes she had been moist, and twice she had been wet enough to
coat Dave's face in her juices but it had dried before he was freed, much to his
disappointment.

Dave's head was pushed backwards and he felt the buckle on his gag being tugged
and then released.  Hannah let go of his head and he eagerly moved towards her. 
He felt the familiar brush of hair on his face and he began kissing it.  He
pressed his mouth against the hair until he felt the flesh beneath and kissed
over and over again, all around the special triangle of hair he was blindly
faced with.  He found the lower central region where there was less hair and the
skin parted.  He ran the tip of his tongue up and down the paired labia.  Hannah
shivered slightly in anticipation.

Hannah reached her hands down and pushed sideways on her pubic mound with her
hands, away from the centre, separating her lips.  Dave's tongue slipped inside
and he felt it slide against smooth yet contoured flesh.  He ran his tongue down
over a central ridge, beneath which he felt skin which again parted, and which
held all the wetness that he had been smelling.  He eagerly lapped it up but
discovered that it had little taste and mainly intermingled with his saliva to
form even more wetness.  After Dave had finished with that he went exploring
upwards again.  As he ran his tongue over the slightly raised bump in the centre
above the wetness, Hannah moaned quietly.

Dave took his cue and began running his tongue in small up and down movements
over what he guessed was Hannah's clitoris and she moaned once more,
deliberately, to indicate that he had found the right spot.  After a while she
began moaning of her own accord, and Dave tried licking side-to-side, which only
heightened her fervour.  Dave's tongue felt tired and licking became slightly
painful, but he continued.  As his muscles demanded for him to slow down,
Hannah's increased moans told him that he must be almost there.  He tried as
hard as he could, and was rewarded.

"Oh, yeah oh yeah oh oh ohhhhh."  Hannah orgasmed, her pelvis bucking against
Dave's face.  She pushed Dave away to prevent him licking her now sensitive
clitoris and lay back on the bed, her face flushed.  He was better at this than
she had expected.  Free orgasms whenever I want them, Hannah thought to herself
with glee.  She was impressed that she had had enough self-control to wait this
long before getting what she wanted but she hoped that because of that, Dave was
now well and truly hers.

Dave tried to lick the remaining stickyness from around his mouth.  Hearing
Hannah come from his machinations was incredibly sexy, and he couldn't wait to
do it again.

* * *

Sarah rolled off Selena, both sated, panting with their mouths coated in each
other's sexual secretions. 

"So I guess you're a sub then?" Selena said, the thought having been weighing
heavy on her mind.

"What?" Sarah said as she idly propped her head up on Selena's thigh.

"Well, I mean I can never tell these things, but Liz always knew, spot-on. 
Since she went for you, I presume that means that you're a sub."  Sarah blushed.

"Me and Liz never actually did anything like that, but yeah I've always wanted
to try it.  How could she tell?"

"I honestly don't know!  She just always seemed to be able to."

"Wait -- so you're a sub too?" Sarah asked, now sitting it up to look at
Selena's face.

"Uh-huh."

"Pity, eh?"

"It is yeah.  Two subs with no-one to take control!"  They both laughed. 
"Hmmmm," Selena said as an idea came to her.

"What's that?"

"What if we had a third person to do that?"

"Another girl?  That would be kind of weird you know.  I'm a traditionalist;
only two people in the relationship for me."  Sarah laughed.

"What if it was another guy?" Selena inquired.

"I'm not into guys either, strictly girls for me."

"Me too, but I mean that's the point.  He wouldn't be involved.  He'd just tell
us what to do, only allowed to watch and command."  Sarah was ready to dismiss
the idea out of hand, but she thought about it for a bit.  If he was just
commanding them, it wouldn't be too bad, and it would make Selena happy by the
sounds of it.  It may even be a bit of fun.  Somehow it being a guy made it seem
less weird than if it was a girl.

"We could try it I suppose," Sarah said with a smile, "did you have anyone in
mind?"

"I think I know just the guy."

* * *

If you like this story (or any of my stories) and want me to write more, send me
an e-mail: somewriter2000 at yahoo.co.uk








A University Education, part 7
by Some Writer



"I think you're going to enjoy today, Dave," Hannah said airily.  Dave was already enjoying it, very much.  He was tied spread-eagled on his bed, 
blindfolded, and Hannah was sitting on his face, clothed but with her panties and trousers drawn down far enough to provide access to her crotch.  His 
tongue was busy lapping and flicking at her clitoris, his face drenched in her 
natural lubrication.  Hannah was idly toying with his prick, very slowly moving her hand up and down so that he could feel his foreskin being pulled 
up as she went up, and then slowly unfurling and finally being stretched as she went down.  It was teasing, nowhere near enough to make him come 
despite the extra arousal provided by her smothering him.

"I'm going home for a week to my parents you see," Hannah explained, concentrating on speaking rather than moaning as Dave worked his magic.  It did 
not befit a 
dominatrix, she decided, to moan and groan while her slave pleasured her.  "So I want to leave you with a few treats to make sure you don't tire of 
me."  Hannah bit her lip as she felt her climax approaching, but could not stop the instinctive rocking of her hips as Dave's tongue finished his 
masterpiece and brought her to orgasm.  Hannah lifted up her her groin to protect her swollen clitoris from further attentions.

"Here's your first treat," she announced and Dave found that his blindfold was unexpectedly removed.  He blinked as light flooded into his eyes, and 
tried urgently to refocus them on Hannah's groin.  It was a thick dark triangle of brown hair, much hairier to look at than he had expected it to be 
from having his face buried in it over the past few weeks.  He noticed that much of the lower portion was damp, droplets of moisture clinging to the 
ends of the curling hairs.

"I guess, since you're a man, you'd like to look inside," Hannah said, as if bored.  She stopped playing with Dave's cock and reached between her 
legs.  She pushed two fingers along her slit and parted her labia.  Dave gazed at the pink insides; ridges and lines of skin that were infinitely more 
appealing than the hair that hid them.  "One day," Hannah said, sliding her finger tips down to her vaginal entrance, "your dick will go in here."

"Promise?" Dave asked.

"Promise," Hannah said assuredly.  "Now, time for your lecture isn't it?"  Dave had completely forgotten about the lecture, but Hannah seemed adamant 
that he would not 
miss any lectures due to their escapades.  He reluctantly dressed, his cock still very hard.  It remained rigid all the way to the lecture, and only 
began to subside when he was sat taking notes, at the back - on his own, as usual.

The door at the back of the lecture theatre opened and closed, but Dave did not look up until the new arrival slipped onto the seat beside him.  He 
turned to see Hannah sitting in the seat next to him.  He opened his mouth to say something, but she held a finger to her lips and then pointed to the 
lecturer at the front of the theatre, indicating that Dave should continue as before.  Dave turned back, and then glanced down as she placed her hand 
on his crotch.  With her other hand she pushed his chin up, indicating that he should watch the front.  He did so, and felt her hand unbuttoning and 
unzipping his trousers.  Her hand delved into his underwear and grasped hold of his cock, only recently diminished but now already hardening again.

Dave felt a slight sensation of pain on his cock and stole a quick glance downwards to see that Hannah was rolling a condom down over his dick.  When 
she was done, Hannah quietly tore open a sachet of lubricant and dribbled it onto the tip of Dave's sheathed cock.  Dave took a few nervous looks 
around the room.  From the front he would not be seen as there was a wooden panel in front of him, but if someone else came into the lecture late they 
may well catch sight of what Hannah was doing, which was - ohhhhhh.  Dave's thoughts were interrupted as Hannah took hold of his lubricated enclosed 
penis and began stroking up and down.

Dave gave up trying to listen to the lecture and instead turned his concentration to trying to stay completely silent while Hannah wanked him.  Unlike 
usual, she was not going slowly.  Dave began breathing heavily as his long-delayed orgasm finally approached.  Hannah stopped stroking.  Dave could 
not believe it - usually she teased him but surely she would not do so here, in public?  She began again, five quick strokes before stopping.  If they 
had been at home, Dave would have openly begged her to make him come, but here he was forced to suffer in silence as she started and stopped and 
started and stopped.  He gripped the wooden bench in front of him tightly, trying to avoid any involuntary movements, and trying to resist the 
temptation to finish himself off.

Hannah leaned over and whispered in his ear: "Do you want to come?"  Her breath was warm, and tickled his ear.  Dave nodded subtly.  Her strokes began 
again; they were firm and fast and did not stop.  Dave breathed heavily, in quiet snorts, as he came, his come bursting from his penis to fill the 
condom that encased it.  She whispered to him again; "Leave it on until you get home.  I'll know if you haven't."

With that, she quietly got up, and slipped out of the lecture theatre.  Dave quickly, but quietly, zipped up his trousers, feeling his member shrink, 
and the unpleasant feeling of the wet latex gripping it.  When the seemingly-interminable lecture finished half an hour later, Dave got up and could 
feel the condom hanging from his dick.  He hurried home, in the hope that Hannah would remove it when he arrived home.

As soon as he got home, he stripped off (as he always did for Hannah when inside the house) and bounded up the stairs to her room, the condom flapping 
absurdly on the end of his dick.  Hannah came to her door when he knocked and she giggled at the sight of Dave, naked except for the come-filled 
condom on the end of his flaccid penis.

"Let's take you into the bathroom," she announced and the two of them walked into the bathroom.  "You have to do two more things for me, but I promise 
that the reward will be worth it."

"What's that?"

"First, I want you to take off the condom and swallow what's inside."

Dave was already swallowing hard at the thought of it.  Hannah definitely meant it.  The thought of taking off the horrible latex condom, filled with 
cold come, and putting it to his mouth was quite abhorrent.  And yet, for her, he would do it.  Hannah had promised him a good reward and he trusted her.
He carefully peeled off the condom, avoiding spilling any of the fluid inside.

Hannah watched gleefully as Dave put the opening of the condom to his mouth and then pulled the end into the air, causing all the fluid inside to 
trickle down into his throat.  It turned out to have a relatively bland yet unpleasant taste that left Dave grimacing.  That grimace was Hannah's 
reward - she loved it when she made him uncomfortable.

"Time for a shower," Hannah announced and she turned on the taps to start the water warming up.  Their house had a temperamental plumbing system that 
meant the hot water took a while to come out of the shower.  Dave stood naked, so used to it by now that he no longer felt at all awkward.  "It's ready," 
Hannah told him after she had tested the water, and Dave climbed into the shower cubicle while Hannah shut the door behind him.  The water was 
pleasantly warm and Dave stood, enjoying the feeling of it cascading down his body.

"I want you totally clean," Hannah told him sternly from outside the shower.  Dave picked up the shower gel from the shelf in the shower and began 
rubbing it all over his naked body.  Hannah loved the sight of him cleaning himself especially for her, and she waited until he had finished rubbing 
the gel on before she turned on the hot tap of the sink.  As water streamed from the tap in the sink, the water in the shower quickly turned 
implausibly cold.

Dave leaped out of the jet of water, trying to press himself against the wall where he would barely be hit by the water.

"If you want your reward," he heard Hannah say through the misted-up shower door, "stand in the water."  Dave reluctantly did so, gritting his teeth 
as the cold water pummelled his naked body.  Hannah switched off the warm tap and the water returned to a pleasant temperature - for the briefest of 
moments before she turned on the hot tap again and it became cold.

"Come on, clean yourself," Hannah urged with a laugh, and Dave quickly tried to rub the gel free from him his body.  When Hannah was satisfied that he 
had finished, and she turned off the taps and allowed Dave out of the shower.  She passed him a towel and allowed him to 
dry himself.

Dave wondered what she had in mind for his long-awaited reward as she led him over to the towel rail.  He was made to stand with his bottom pressed 
against it, facing outwards, as she cuffed his hands to the ends of the rail behind him.

Hannah knelt in front of him, and looked up at him, her usual commanding stare replaced by a plaintive look of innocence.

"You're about to receive your very first blow-job Dave," she explained.  "Is this how you always imagined it?  Some submissive little 
wide-eyed innocent girl, who's never done this before, kneeling in front of you, ready to take your cock in her mouth just to please you?"
Dave's cock was already stiffening, before Hannah had even touched it.

"Or" - Hannah continued, lowering her voice and licking her lips - "did you imagine it would be some slut, an experienced pro that could put porn 
stars to shame, ready to jerk and lick and perform tricks that you didn't even think were anatomically possible?  A little come-slut eager to gobble 
you up just because she loved it so much?"  Dave was fully hard now and eager for Hannah to begin.

"Well?" Hannah asked.

"Erm, I don't know," Dave said, distracted by thoughts of what was about to happen.  "Both, at different points I guess."

"Am I a good substitute for your fantasies?" Hannah asked, her tongue subtly wetting her lips.

"Better than I could have imagined," Dave told her.  His incredibly hard and throbbing cock was testament to that.

Hannah leaned forwards and wrapped her lips around the head of Dave's cock as he watched in disbelief.  She's actually sucking me off, he thought to 
himself - she's really doing it.  And it feels pretty good - I hope I don't come too quickly.  Hannah pushed her head further forwards, taking more of 
his shaft into her mouth, before slowly pulling all the way back, releasing him from her mouth and looking up at him, her wide eyes proving strangely 
seductive.

Hannah reached her tongue out and gently ran it around the head of Dave's penis.  It was not a physically effective blow-job, but rather it was all for 
show, to feed Dave's mind with images that would last him for the next week.  Hannah took him in her mouth again and began running her tongue across 
the small sensitive region behind the head.  Dave groaned, confirming her expectation that he would not last long.  She waited until he groaned again, 
and then she stood up, her body pressed close against his, her hand on his cock, wanking him.

"When I come back," Hannah whispered in his ear, "I'll swallow it all."  She kissed him, her tongue pushing inside his mouth, reminding him of what 
she had just done as her hand pumped furiously.  Dave moaned, breaking their kiss as come shot from his dick, covering the floor in front of his feet.  
Hannah kissed him again when he was finished, a long deep kiss that confirmed her feelings for him, and then released his hands.

"You can wipe that up," she said, indicating the patch on the floor - Dave had expected as much.

Later that day, Hannah left for the week.  Dave shed a few tears, although the prospect of wearing clothes and being free for the week helped 
alleviate his distress more than he was willing to admit to Hannah.  He had a peaceful night's sleep, and woke up the next morning refreshed.  He went 
to the front door to look at the mail that lay beneath the letterbox.

One item was addressed to "Hannah's new boyfriend".  Confused, Dave decided that the description probably matched him and tore open the envelope.  
Inside was a single sheet of paper that Dave unfolded.  There was a picture of Hannah that showed her head, and her naked shoulders, cutting off just 
above her breasts.  The text below it read:

"If you don't want the rest of this picture (and the others I have) sent randomly to people around the university, you will co-operate with me.  Email 
me at the address below.  Do not tell Hannah about this.  If she finds out - and I'll know because I'll be around her this week - I'll send them.

Hannah's Ex-Boyfriend."

With dread in his stomach, Dave hurried to his computer to send the email.

* * * * *

If you liked this story, why not:


Write a review (or send me an email)
Check out my other stories




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





