BDSM Library - Making A Problem Small




Making A Problem Small
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An older lady DNA Doctor is humiltaed by the younger friend and assistant so she gets her revenge by turning them into her personal sex slaves by boy modifications and other drugs.Dr. Lynn Kook, at the age of just 42 years old the lovely dark haired brunette
  stands at 5ft3 and just tips the scales at a simple 135lbs. With a firm well
  toned body of a 20 year-old college girl that most guys would love to have
  as there girlfriend. Lynn is a Genetics DNA research scientist that has been
  working for years on a cure for several of the worst diseases known to man
  such as Aids. She also has been working on other types of cures as well. While
  working on a new study a few weeks ago she made a startling discovery. While
  trying to find a way to stop and prevent Cancer she accidentally stumbled upon
  a drug that can reverse aging process and can be made to do other unique procedures
  to one's body. So far to this point she has only been using animals as test
  subjects. Now after have such good results from them she is ready to take the
  next step and move on to humans. She is looking for a volunteer to start testing
  on as soon as possible.  
Dr. Lynn laughs to herself as she is so happy and wanting to tell her young
  assistant and friend of her findings and how they could share the profits from
  this great discovery. As she heads off to her lab while on the way she passes
  by an open store room and hears noises coming from within the room. She decides
  to investigate where the noises are coming from. She enters quietly and peeks
  around the edge of some boxes that are near the door only to see her lovely
  assistant Karen who at just 24 years old stands at a slim curvy 5ft3 and tips
  the scales at a modest 115lbs and another young woman identically in their
  figures both naked in each others arms in a 69 position. Where both are sucking
  and licking each others hot moist cunts out. Lynn just hides there watching
  the two young ladies as they caress each others tits and finger the others
  moist puffy cunt lips. As the two tongue each others hot moist hairy love holes
  each giving off a low moan and grunt. That is all that can be heard as they
  service each other with their open mouths. They both continue to pinch and
  pull on each others tits as they giggle and laugh at their both heightened
  levels of hornyness.  
keeps a close watch on them as both partners bring the other off with powerful
  orgasms. Lynn herself is so overwhelmed with her own hornyness that she slides
  her hand down between her legs and starts reach under her skirt. She then eases
  her hand under the waistband of her panties and down in between her legs to
  her own hot moist jungle slipping her fingers into her moist twat. Then licking
  her lips as she watches the two young ladies on the floor she fingers and masturbates
  herself as well. With a slow fury she undoes her shirt and pulls out one of
  her lovely firm 36c breast and starts to suck on her own tit like a newborn
  sucking it's moms tit she using her tongue to encircle it round and round.
  Then she starts biting the tip of her swollen nipple. She tries not to make
  any noise that would give her away to the other unsuspecting couple as she
  lets out several low moans and grunts herself. She whimpers a bit as she continues
  to finger herself to a powerful orgasm and cums hard. The couple just out in
  front of her are so wrapped up in their own lust and overwhelming orgasms as
  they cum in each others open mouths that they don't know Lynn is just a few
  feet away from them. After the two climax they drop into each others arms both
  now spent from the tremendous orgasms they lay in each others arms and relax
  in their afterglow and lovemaking.  
Lynn straightens herself up then prepares to leave when she hears Karen start
  talking about her.  
Karen tells her partner how it's been so bad to have to work under Lynn and
  how she is nothing but a stuck up old bitch who needs to be fucked and put
  in her place. I'll bet she never gets any they both laugh at Lynn expense.
  Then Karen speaks again I mean who would want to suck and lick or even put
  their cock in and old shriveled cunt like that? I bet even her ass is wrinkly
  yes not to mention those saggy milk bags of hers they continue to laugh. The
  two ladies just lay there and keep laughing at poor Lynn's expense telling
  of her body and inability to have herself a good man every now and then.  
Poor Lynn just sits there cowering as she listens to them belittle her. Then
  Lynn starts thinking to herself well if that's the way they want it fine. I
  thought Karen was my dear friend an assistant but I see now she's no more than
  lying little slut the whore that bitch. What was I thinking? I was going to
  let her share in my discovery. Well you little bitch you and your friend have
  just fucked with the wrong woman this time and now you'll both pay for it.
  Lynn sees her chance and slips out leaving the two to finish their lovemaking
  and returns to her lab. Where she starts working on her plan of revenge for
  her now former friend Karen. Unknown to anyone but herself she has already
  used the formula on herself. In just the last few days her old body that of
  a once 42 year-old and a bit sloppy has now changed to a tight firm body of
  a 20 year-old college girl. Its work so well she's constantly been getting
  horny from it.  
Lynn is working in her lab on the new formula when Karen enters the lab.
  Hi Lynn I just got back from lunch did you go out or would you like me to go
  and get you something? No thanks Lynn tells Karen in a sly evil grunt. Lynn
  thinks to herself soon we'll be having lunch alright and the both of you will
  be here with me everyday as she laughs with an evil grin. They continue to
  finish up their work for the day. As Karen gets ready to leave she asks Lynn
  if she's coming. No you go ahead I still have some tests to run you go on home
  and enjoy yourself I don't it will be much longer. Karen leaves as Lynn keeps
  on with her work after many more hours she's finally finished. Lynn laughs
  to herself and thinks. Boy are those two in for a big surprise or should I
  say a small one as she just laughs and heads for home waiting till tomorrow.
  The next day she starts Karen on the new formula unknown to her. She has her
  taking it unknowingly when she keeps offering to go and get her soft drinks
  and puts the drug in her drink each day. It's been a few days but already Lynn
  is starting to see the changes in Karen's and the way she having trouble doing
  things that were simple just a few days earlier. Lynn is also beginning to
  notice that Karen's clothes are now bigger on her and that they are making
  her appearance look sloppy. Her clothes that were so tight fitting a few days
  earlier are now nearly too big for her. Lynn decides to have a little fun with
  Karen and asks jokingly if she is trying to loose weight or something as she
  makes her joke. A Karen just laugh it off and tells her yes in a joking way
  isn't everybody? But in reality Karen knows that she has already lost two full
  pants sizes in a few days all of her clothes have become to big for her. She's
  had to go and get some of her old high school clothes out of storage just for
  her to wear to work. She's stunned as to what is happening to her those clothes
  she out grew years ago but now even those are becoming big on her.  
Lynn to notices the changes to Karen just a few days earlier both she and
  Karen were the same height now Lynn is 4 inches taller and Karen. Then last
  night the last of Karen's very hairy bush finished falling out leaving her
  bare as the day she was born. Lynn decides to let Karen go one more day as
  the formula continues to do its work. As they worked on Karen unable to do
  her work asks Lynn if she can go home early. Lynn then asks if she's ok as
  she gives a false sense of caring about Karen knowing the poor girl is feeling
  the effects of the drug. Oh I'm ok I just feel funny and think I need to go
  rest I'll see you tomorrow. Ok she says. Then leaves and heads home.  
When she arrives she heads straight to her bathroom to look at herself in
  her mirror but notices that she can no longer see herself from standing in
  front of the basin. What's this she thinks to herself I've never had any trouble
  seeing myself from here before and for some reason the sink is higher than
  before. She then goes to her closet and gets a small stool then returns to
  the bathroom and gets on the stool. Feeling still a bit sluggish she gets down
  off the stool and goes and lays down for a while the drugs making her tired
  and sleepy. Hours later she awakes still feeling strange lying in bed she looks
  up and around the room for some reason everything looks bigger to her. She
  reaches over for the light switch but finds she can't reach it she never had
  trouble doing it before. Finally after getting up and over to the switch and
  turning it on she looks down at herself again she can't believe it. She stands
  up in the middle of the bed her hands are small like a child as is the rest
  of her clothes just fall off her in the middle of the bed. She starts to cry
  and wonder what has happen to her and if it will stop. Then she jumps off the
  bed and runs over to her full length mirror on her bedroom door she is stunned
  as to what she's seeing it's her but it's not her. What's left of her oversized
  clothes that didn't fall off she finishes taking off as she stands in front
  of the mirror and looks at what she's become. As she just stands there in front
  of the mirror naked looking at herself in amazement as she begins to cry and
  she starts wondering what's happened to her. Just a few days ago she was a
  beautiful young woman now she standing looking back at her is a child version
  of herself. She looks in disbelief and thinks to herself I've shrank and gotten
  younger some how. Then she starts noticing all the changes that have happened
  to her. First of all her beautiful tits are gone nothing left but small little
  buds remain also her lovely puffy pussy lips and long slit now replaced by
  a small little tight slit. As she reaches down to her small slit with her tiny
  little fingers and tries to push one inside herself and finds it a bit difficult
  to enter her tight little hole. No she thinks to herself this can't be it's
  made me a virgin again up to this point Karen hasn't noticed her facial features
  and voice have also changed. She looks at herself in the mirror for several
  minutes as she continues to cry for there is only a little girl looking back
  at her now. She finally decides to call Dr. Lynn maybe she would know how to
  help her. As Karen calls Lynn who was waiting for her to do so it rings a few
  times.  
After several rings Lynn picked up and answers. This is Dr. Kook, who speaking
  please? Lynn! It's Karen I really need your help. Who is this? If this is some
  sortive prank I'm hanging up. No! Please it's really me Karen whom Lynn had
  already guessed but still her child like voice even fooled her as she laugh
  to herself. As she continued to listen to her old friend beg for her help.
  Ok so what's wrong I don't really know you will have to see this to believe
  it.  
Something's happened to me and has caused my body to go through physical
  changes in the last few days. Karen continues to beg Lynn to help her. Finally
  Lynn tells her to come over to her place but in her present condition she knows
  that will not work. Karen asks Lynn to please come to her apartment for she
  knows she can't go out looking the way she does. Much less find any more clothes
  to fit her small body or even drive her own car being that she has been reduced
  to her smaller size. Now in her reduced statue she looked on in the mirror
  at a young girl who was no more than 12 or 13 years old but with her small
  size she could easily pass for a little girl 8 to 10 years of age. She waited
  on pins and needles for Lynn to arrive. Finally a knock at the door she quickly
  ran to the door as Lynn rang the door bell a few times.  
Karen quickly opened the door and asked Lynn in thank you for coming so quickly.
  Lynn plays with her. Who are you dear? I was called to come over and meet with
  my friend Karen. It's me Karen! Lynn acts as though she doesn't believe Karen
  but in reality she knows it's her. She stands in front of little Karen laughing
  inside herself and thinking this is better than I ever imagined. Then Lynn
  snaps back in a loud toned voice where's Karen young lady I was called to meet
  her hear but all I see is a little girl before me. Please you must believe
  me it's me Lynn it's Karen something has caused me to become a little girl
  again. As Karen begins to cry Lynn goes over and comforts her it's Ok I'll
  help you but first we need to get you back my lab to run some tests. But first
  we need to get you some suitable clothes to wear. Yes but all mine are now
  too big for me just put this t-shirt on for now and we'll stop on the way and
  get you something to wear. As they leave Karen's apartment and head straight
  to a local kids clothing store to get her some new clothes.  
Karen looks around as they pull into the parking lot why are we stopping
  here. Well we can't have you going around half dressed can we. Yes you're right
  but I'm not a little girl in case you haven't noticed I'm afraid you are. You
  could also say you are a very little girl at that. As Karen looks up into the
  rear view mirror she sees a small little girl sitting in the car seat finally
  reality hits her realizing that she looks and now sounds like a little girl.  
Now before we go in we need to work on a few things Lynn tells Karen before
  we go in. It will be better if you don't call me Lynn and that you refer to
  me as your mom or aunt you can pick. Because others want understand your and
  adult all they see is a small child Ok. Karen thinks about what Lynn is saying
  and knows she's right and agrees. Ok I'll call you aunt Lynn that's good now
  let's go in they walk in the store hand in hand as Lynn leads them to the children's
  area. As they enter the store a young woman comes over to Lynn and asks if
  she can be of assistance. Yes Lynn answers I need some clothes for my young
  niece here we had a fire and lost everything Lynn tells here. As the sales
  girl helps Lynn she asks how old Karen is. She's 10 Lynn tells her as the two
  adults chat then Karen thinks to herself whose she calling a little girl? I'm
  older than she is I'll bet. But the formula is still working on Karen an is
  now causing her to loose her concentration on what is being said as her mind
  is beginning to think of childish things instead of adult ones. Lynn and the
  store clerk move over to the children's clothes and start looking for something
  Karen can wear. Finally after some time Lynn makes several choices and they
  head off to a changing room as Lynn takes Karen's small hand and leads here
  there. Come alone sweetie we need to see if these new clothes will fit you.
  As Lynn reaches down and takes Karen's small hands and leads her to the dressing
  room. Once inside she reaches down and takes Karen's oversize shirt off her.  
Karen being a little shy tries to cover her now small little body parts with
  her tiny hands.  
Lynn just laughs and tells Karen not to be shy it's not like I haven't seen
  anyone naked before. Then she pulls Karen over to her and has her turn around
  for her so she can inspect her new little private parts. Lynn reaches up and
  rubs her hand over Karen's small tits and tells her Oh how darling then moves
  her hand down to her small tight little cunt and slides her finger along her
  little tight gash. My! My! You are tight aren't you? Karen yells out Yes I
  told you I was. I might even be a virgin again well let's see then she has
  her bend over and spread her legs then Lynn pushes her finger into Karen's
  small cunt. Karen let's out a yelp then Ouch that hurts as Lynn's finger pushes
  into her tight hole your hurting me she yells out then Lynn stops and pulls
  it out.  
Yes you're right I think you're a virgin again I can even feel your hymen.
  Karen asks Lynn to take her finger out of her tiny cunt. But then Lynn corrects
  her. You know little girls shouldn't use such language like cunt. First of
  all little girls call their privates muff muffs,cuty or peepee hole as Lynn
  laughs at Karen. Then she has her come closer and starts to help her get into
  her new clothes. Karen looks at the clothes before her and asks where her bra
  and stuff are. Lynn laughs and tells her what you would need one for after
  all you don't have anything to cover. Karen knows she's right and lowers her
  head and allows Lynn to dress her putting on her small shirt, cotton panties,short
  pants and frilly little socks and shoes. I feel so funny as she turns around
  for Lynn to see how she looks in her new clothes.  
Don't worry we'll be at my lab soon then we can help you little lady. Now
  when we get to the gate remember you are my niece got it! They soon arrive
  at the gate and Lynn tells the guard that she's brought her niece with her.
  The guard then tells Lynn that a friend has also dropped off a special surprise
  for her and its waiting up at the lab for her. Oh another surprise as she looks
  over to Karen and speaks to her. You like surprises don't you Karen? Yes Aunt
  Lynn what can it be? Oh I'm sure you're going to like it. Lynn thanks the guard
  then drives on up to the lab. Karen meanwhile is now starting to have more
  problems thinking and her mind can't process all what she's hearing. Her adult
  thoughts are beginning to fade and the kid thoughts are starting to fill her
  mind. She even asks Lynn to play a game with her before she catches herself
  then asks her straight out Lynn can you help me. Karen rushes in to the lab
  entrance up to a check in guard Lynn she yells but gets no response from her.
  Then she runs back over to Lynn what's wrong Lynn takes her small hand and
  pulls her over to the side and kneels down to her. Then whispers into her ear
  you will show me respect or I will not help you. But I thought that was just
  out in public no if you want me to help you. You will do as I say got it. Then
  answers back yes Aunt Lynn that's better then takes her hand and leads her
  into the lab area. Once inside she orders Karen to undress and to get up on
  the table but being small in her new size has trouble doing it and has to wait
  for help from Lynn. After doing as she was told Lynn begins her examination
  of her little test subject.  
Karen once stood at 5ft3 and tipped the scales at just 115lbs just a few
  days ago now reduced to 4ft2 and 80lbs and 24 years of age now has been reduced
  to that of a 10 year old girl and has the features of one as well.  
The subjects mind has also been subjected to retraining and now has trouble
  making simple choices the subject's adult mind is now erasing itself and is
  open to being reprogrammed and makes her more open to suggestion.  
Well what do you think Karen asks in her child like voice? Do you think you
  can help me?  
Yes Lynn replies I think I can I only have a few more tests to run then she
  starts strapping Karen down on the table first she does her small wrist then
  moves on to her ankles and straps them down to. Karen asks her what's all this
  for and Lynn explains it's just a precaution nothing to worry about as I continue
  my examination of you. Lynn then starts to pinching Karen's small nipple buds
  as she yells out that it hurts. Lynn then comforts her and reassures her that
  she's only testing her reflex's as she then moves her hand down between Karen's
  small legs and uses her long index finger to slide down between Karen's tiny
  tight little cunt. Then she pushes her long finger into her tight hole as Karen
  yells out that it's hurting her. This can't be part of the test I want you
  to stop now but Lynn pays her no attention and continues to push her finger
  in deeper into Karen's tight hole. Karen tries to move away from Lynn's finger
  but being strapped down can do nothing she starts screaming and moans heavily
  as she is finger fucked by Lynn. Then Lynn grows tired of her yelling and screaming
  as Karen then orders her to release her but Lynn just laughs and gets a small
  penis gag. The next time Karen yells out Lynn quickly shoves the gag in place
  and ties it off. Karen now completely helpless and at Lynn's mercy as she is
  in her present form.  
Well now that I have your attention I will tell you what's happened to you.
  I haven't only been working on a cure for cancer but on several different formulas.
  While doing this I came across a formula that totally reverses the aging process.
  I needed some test subjects to try out my new discovery on but as you know
  we can't use human test subjects. So I tried it out on myself first and just
  look at the results. Lynn starts taking her sloppy clothes off and in just
  a few minutes she's naked in front of little Karen who can't believe her eyes
  as she looks at Lynn. Her body now that of a well toned 20 year old college
  girl all firm and tight. You see there's no saggy tits or extra baggage here
  sweetie. Then puts her lab coat back on and walks back over to Karen. You see
  I was going to share my good fortune with you but after I heard you and your
  friend say all those bad things about me I deiced to make the two of you pay
  for humiliating me. So as you can see it's not nice to try and fuck your boss
  over because she can be a real bitch laughs Lynn. UmmmmUmmmUmmmmmfffff ummmffffffff
  Oh don't even bother sweetie you think I'll never get away with it well that's
  where you're wrong. Let me tell you why I'm going to get away with it first
  of all whose going to believe that you were older and now you've been turn
  young again it's like totally impossible laughs Lynn. Also anyone you try and
  tell is only going to see a child wanting attention and after the new training
  I'm going to give you. The formula I gave you is also working on your mind
  soon you will only be able to think what I want you to think and as a child
  to boot. She laughs so you see you're pretty much fucked and will do whatever
  I say from now own. As the tears well up in Karen's eyes she knows that Lynn
  is telling the truth.  
Oh I almost forgot let me introduce you to my other little surprise. Lynn
  leaves the room and in a few minutes later comes back in with a lease in her
  hand and a small girl following behind her with a collar around her neck. Karen
  lifts her head up to see who it is as she looks at the young girl stunned she
  soon realizes that it's her friend Cindy. She grunts through her gag and tries
  to speak to her friend with a umffff umfffff is all that comes out as she thrashes
  about on the table. Lynn just that's right it's your old friend Cindy doesn't
  she look so cute as she is lead up to the table next to Karen then helped up
  and strapped down as well. As the two old friends look over at each other and
  begin crying and moaning through their gags. Lynn then gets between the two
  and places her index fingers over the top of their little cunts as she slides
  her fingers up and down their tiny slits. She then pushes into both of their
  tight little holes both girls try to move away but girls are helpless to move
  away as Lynn quickly imbeds her fingers into their small holes their little
  bodies begin to betray them as they start to hump on her fingers. She begins
  to finger fuck her little pets that's so good my little lady's keep it up as
  they do as Lynn commands their minds now in her control. After several minutes
  they both shutter with huge orgasms as they explode making their small bodies
  twist and turn as the two are spent from their sexual excitement. The two lay
  motionless from their ordeal as Lynn removes her fingers from their well fucked
  little cunts. She then takes her cummed soaked fingers and forces the girls
  to lick them clean that was so good my little pets. I hope you both like the
  taste because your both will be doing a lot of pussy eating from now own. One
  more thing your little cunts now belong to me no man will ever have them or
  woman unless I so order it. You are both now virgins again thanks to the formula
  which means that your holes are mine and I will be doing the cherry popping.
  Do you both understand they both shake their heads in agreement? That's good
  I'm so proud of you I'm sure we'll have many good times ahead of us to. To
  be continued.  
THE END   
By:   THE EVIL SORCERESS   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Evil Misstress


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





