BDSM Library - A Wife's Mistake, A Husband's Nightmare




A Wife's Mistake, A Husband's Nightmare
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young wife and mother meets a stranger in a chat room and it leads her to meet him. She gets far more than she could have ever imagined.How it all started.  
My wife and I had been married for eleven years when I found her chatting
  with other men on the Internet. I hadn't been the best husband in the world.
  Hell to tell you the truth, I was probably one of the worst, and had probably
  given her every reason to leave me. I drove her away from me, more than anything
  else, in our almost fifteen year relationship. I loved her, and had never been
  unfaithful to her. I would do anything for her, to keep our marriage together.  
At first, she denied ever having done anything inappropriately in the chat
  room. It was only after I caught her red handed, did she confess to her cyber
  infidelity. I was hurt by what she had done, and began to write a story to
  vent my feelings on the matter. She promised me that it was over, and that
  she would stop, but you must understand that she never really wanted to agree
  to stop, and only did so, because I forced her to promise that she would stop
  doing this. Well, obviously she didn't stop, she continued. She found someone
  in a chat room who called himself Nate_dehl, whom she professed her love to,
  and had cyber sex with him continually.  
One night, when I caught her chatting with him, I forced her to allow me
  to do all of the things to her that she, and her online lover, discussed. As
  he typed, I did those things to her. It was strange and different. She swore
  to me that night that it would end. But again she lied, only a month or two
  later, I caught her going to the library to chat with her men on line. She
  told me that she had only continued to do it, because I had told her that she
  had to stop and that I wasn't her boss. Well needless to say, she continued.
  One day in late October, or early November, while taking our son to class,
  I found another phone card in her car, that I just happened to be driving in
  that day, because my car was in the shop getting brakes. My curiosity was peaked,
  so I searched her car, and found six more phone cards, with a total of over
  3,000 minutes on them.  
When I got home, I went through her purse, and found three more. I then confronted
  her, telling her that I had found &quot;a&quot; phone card in her car. She
  played dumb, claiming that she didn't know where it had come from. So with
  this knowledge, I called her bluff, producing the other cards that I had found
  in her car, plus the ones that I had discovered in her purse.  
She begged for my forgiveness, and told me that I had forced her to go to
  this extreme, of sneaking around behind my back. I listened to her, and accepted
  her word, when she swore that she would never contact this person again. I
  should have known something was up, however, when she refused to give me any
  details about the person that she had been making the long distance calls to.
  I wanted to believe that it was over between them, but over the next several
  months I found more phone cards, and she always swore that they wore old, and
  that she had indeed stopped.  
When we fought, she would always say that she wanted to leave me, that she
  couldn't live this way anymore, with me constantly checking up on her, and
  that she wanted a divorce. I would beg her each time for her forgiveness, telling
  her that I would do anything to keep our family together. I promised to do
  anything that she asked and I did, but she still seemed distant and cold.  
I guess that I should tell you a little about my wife. She is 33, and is
  really very beautiful. It's not just my opinion, as I have several friends
  who consider her very pretty as well. She is a very short, petite woman, who
  wears just a size six. She has long brown hair, that hangs all the way to the
  small of her back. Several months ago, she went and had her hair highlighted,
  which makes her hair look even better. She's only a 34-B, but on her small
  body, they look just right.  
Five days before she took off on me, she yelled at me for three hours straight,
  telling me how much she hated me, and how horrible I was. I listened to her
  ranting and raving, but never got angry with her, as that only seemed to make
  her even angrier. She wanted me to call it quits, instead of her doing so,
  but I wouldn't do it and make things easier on her. Two days before she left,
  she went and got her hair done again, and also a complete make over. She had
  never had so much done to her before at the beauty salon. She even had her
  eyebrows plucked, along with getting the highlights in her hair redone. She
  looked better than she ever had.  
Then she left. I came home and found a note. She had seduced me earlier in
  the day, to make sure that I wouldn't come by her place of work that day. I
  should have known that she was up to something, as she had never instigated
  sex before. Duh! She told me that we could have sex right now, if I wouldn't
  come by the pizza parlor that morning, as I had told her that I had planned
  to do.  
I read her note, and it said over and over again, that she just needed some
  time to herself. She had a week of vacation coming, and she was taking it.
  She hadn't told me about it, but she'd be back soon. She claimed that she didn't
  like the person that she had become, and just needed the time to herself to
  find her true self. She spoke of how she had never dealt with the recent death
  of both of her parents, plus having to take care of her brother. She also mentioned
  several times about how she would just be by herself, and that I had nothing
  to worry about. But I was plenty worried.  
I immediately tried to call her, as I was troubled by how she had never even
  mentioned our son in her letter, and how now all of the pieces of her recent
  strange behavior fell into place. I called her cell phone repeatedly, but she
  never answered it. I called and found that our son was still at the sitters.  
I picked him up, and went to where she worked. I knew that she still had
  her cell phone on, and if she wouldn't answer it for me, maybe she would for
  them. She picked up the call on the second ring, and was angry that I had called
  her from there, but agreed to call me on my cell phone, if I left the pizza
  parlor. She called me back before I left the store, and we began to talk as
  I left her place of employment.  
She continued to tell me that she wasn't doing anything wrong, and that I
  had nothing to worry about, but I knew better. I had checked on our bank account
  and she had taken out almost a thousand dollars, not even leaving me enough
  to pay our bills, especially the ones that she had incurred recent on her spending.
  spree. I got even more worried when she told me that she would call her boss,
  and tell him to give me her check in two days, on their pay day. I asked her
  why I would have to get her check, if she wasn't going anywhere? When I asked
  her if she was still in town, she insisted that she was, and that she wasn't
  going anywhere, even as she refused to tell me where she was.  
I knew then that she was lying to me, and asked her to call me from a pay
  phone in our area code to prove it, but she refused. I begged her to meet me
  for lunch the next day, and she reluctantly agreed to do so. As we were hanging
  up, she agreed to answer the phone if I called, but she didn't answer the phone
  when I called back, at the time that we had agreed that I would call her. She
  had told me that she would pick me up at noon the next day, and when she didn't
  show up, I called in sick, my worst fears having been confirmed by her blowing
  our appointment off.  
Not only didn't she answer her phone, but now she had even turned it off.
  I drove around and finally found her car parked in front of her brother's house.
  Inside of it I found an empty bag from a store, with a receipt showing that
  she had bought a card, new bikini panties, and new bra's, along with several
  items of make-up. She had never worn bikini briefs in her entire life, and
  hadn't bought herself a new bra in years. She had make-up at home, that I had
  bought for her nearly every Christmas, but she &quot;never&quot; wore it. After
  checking with her brother, and convinced that he knew nothing, I was sure that
  she had left town to meet some man.  
I returned home, and began to search through everything, taking an inventory
  of what she took. I was shocked that she had taken every sexy outfit that I
  had ever bought her, but that she had refused to wear for me. Instead, when
  she was with me, she would wear her stupid little pizza uniform, on all but
  her days off. On her days off, she wore only a different shirt, but the same
  khaki pants that she wore to work every day. In my search, I found her wedding
  ring hidden away nicely. I had never known her to take it off before, and was
  now really concerned that our marriage was over.  
Next I searched her car again, and found that she had left all of the contents
  of her purse in a box, having taken only her driver's license, while leaving
  all other forms of her ID behind. I was worried, and determined to stop her,
  before she did something that we would both regret. I began a search of the
  computers in the house, and found an email address. It was a Yahoo account
  that I didn't recognize, it was nrwlovesngz@yahoo.com, after trying to access
  it, with the few passwords that I knew that she used, I was in. I found E-mails
  dating back to October, to someone else on Yahoo that she had meet in the WWE
  chat room. This person, called himself XXXXXXXX or XXXX in the chat rooms.
  She didn't even watch wrestling, so I was shocked, as I read some of her emails,
  that she was very conversant in who's who in wrestling, holds, moves, etc.
  She talked to him in ways that she had never talked to me. I had never heard
  her say things like this.  
An actual E-mail  
XXXX,  
I hope u are alone while you are reading this, or we both might get embarrassed.
  I had the best dream this afternoon, &amp; I even needed to have smoke after
  I woke up. I had come up to see you, and we went back to my hotel to drop off
  my stuff, before going out, but we never quite made it out. I went in to take
  a shower, a nice hot shower. When I turned around, there you were. I leaned
  up against the shower wall, and you spread my legs. DAMN! You really knew how
  to use your tongue, as you made me cum four times as the hot water ran over
  the two of us. My knees were so weak, that I thought I might even collapse.
  After you made me cum several times, I changed places with you, and I took
  your hard shaft into my mouth, giving you the same kind of pleasure that you
  had given me. Then you carried me into the bedroom, and I climbed on top of
  you, sliding onto your very hard and thick staff, and rode you. I started out
  slowly, but then got faster and harder. I moved your hands up to massage my
  hardening nipples. Then I leaned down and we shared a very passionate French
  kiss. After we both came, we switched places, and you got on top of me. You
  bent my knees way up, so that you could bury yourself deeper into me than I
  could ever imagine feeling a cock inside of me. Like when I was on top, you
  started out slowly, but quickly got faster and pounded me harder. It felt so
  good, looking up into your eyes, and knowing that I had truly found love. Then
  you wanted to switch again, so I got up on my hands and knees like a bitch,
  as you entered me from behind. It felt so good, and you were so hard, that
  I could have melted. I felt you pounding my pussy like it was never pounded
  before. I even came harder than I've ever cum before. Afterwards, we had to
  order up room service, because after all of that s*x, we were both too exhausted
  to go out for dinner. We laid around and held each other, for what seemed like
  forever.  
Then of course I suddenly woke up, and realized that it was all just another
  dream. I know that sex isn't the only reason u want me to come up to see you.
  If I thought that it was, I wouldn't waste my time or money, but I know that
  it is so much more for the both of us, that's why I want to come up now, more
  than ever.  
Love Always,  
Nikki  
PS. I actually went out this afternoon and bought my ticket. So I hope u
  are really ready to meet me really soon.  
After reading this I almost died. How could she? I continued looking at what
  she had sent him.  
Nikki Wagner &lt;nrwlovesngz@yahoo.com&gt; wrote: 
  Date: Thu, 12 Dec 2002 12:58:14 -0800 (PST) 
  From: Nikki Wagner 
  Subject: I hope u are alone when you read this 
  To: XXXXXXXX@yahoo.com   
Hey Babe,  
I just thought that I would write you about a dream that I had last night.
  I was able to fall right to sleep, after we hung up with each other last night.
  I love you so very much, and I don't want you to ever be afraid to ask me or
  to say anything to me. Well I guess that I'll try and put my dream into words
  so here it goes.  
Well I came up to see you finally, and we spent a very long day out, seeing
  the sights of your wonderful city. Then we get back to my hotel room and I
  went in to take a shower and change. But when I got into the shower, I turned
  around and you were standing right there next to me, and just as naked as I
  was. We started French kissing and are massaging each other, as the hot water
  ran all over us. As you played with my tits, my nipples got real hard under
  your insistent finger tips. I ended up against the shower wall, with you on
  your knees, eating me out like I've never been eaten out before. After a while
  I decided that I shouldn't have all of the fun, so we traded places, as I got
  down onto my knees, and gave you a very good blow job. As I got you hard, the
  water was starting to get cold, but we barely noticed it, due to the intense
  passion of the moment. I took your hard cock into my mouth, with very long,
  deep strokes, as I bobbed my head up and down on your shaft. With you still
  in a very erect state, we quickly adjourned to the bedroom for more interesting
  action. I pushed you down on the bed, and climbed on top of you. I started
  out slow, but was soon fucking you faster and harder. I reached down and moved
  your hands up to my breasts. You massaged them tenderly, then leaned up and
  kissed them. I then leaned down, and we French kissed for a few moments. Then
  I moved my hands behind me, for support so that I could ride you even faster
  and harder. Then we rolled over, with you on top of me. Since we'd been going
  at it for a while, you just pounded me fast and hard, driving me crazy with
  lust. It went on like this all night long, with us making sweet, passionate
  love. Then, what felt like early morning, we fell asleep in each other's arms.
  What made it so special, was that we were truly in love with each other, and
  it wasn't just the sex, it was really love.  
Love  
Nikki  
Reading what she had written to him killed me, and I knew that she may very
  well be doing exactly what she had written to him, with him right now. I suddenly
  wished that I was dead.  
I was determined to find her, and stop it. I did an online search of her
  cell phone records, and found where she had called him several times since
  last August. I found a number indicating that he was in Winnipeg Canada. I
  didn't hesitate, as I loved her, and wanted her back. I had no choice, I had
  to stop her, so I called the number.  
The phone rang twice, and then he answered. I said, &quot;Hello. You don't
  know me, but I think that you know my wife. She calls herself Nikki, and you
  would have met her in the WWE chat room. She goes by the screen name Nickkipizzagirl.&quot;  
There was silence on the other end of the line, so I continued, &quot;I'm
  her husband, and I love her very much. We have a nine year old son, and we
  both love her, and want her back. Do you know who I am talking about?&quot; I
  asked.  
&quot;Yes.&quot; came the reply.  
&quot;Is she with you now.&quot; I asked.  
&quot;No. No one's with me right now.&quot; came his reply.  
&quot;I know that she told you that she loves you, but do you love her?&quot; I
  asked.  
&quot;No.&quot; he replied.  
&quot;I want you to know that her son and I both love her very much, and
  want her back. We don't want her to do anything stupid, as we love her, and
  want our family back together.&quot; I said, now crying.  
&quot;I don't know how I got in the middle of this shit.&quot; he said, as
  the phone went dead.  
At this point, I didn't know what to think, and I didn't know what my wife
  was doing, and worse, what she might have already done. I cried, and wondered
  what she was doing just then.  
Then my dark imagination set in. Even after I called him, I heard nothing
  from my wife. I didn't know that only minutes before my call, that she had
  called him, telling him that she had finally arrived at the hotel. Having just
  gotten off of a twenty-six hour bus ride, that was supposed to taken only nineteen
  hours. She had given him the address of her hotel, and he had told her that
  he would meet her there.  
However, after my call, he began to feel betrayed. He was hurt by her lies,
  and his hurt turned to anger. His first thought was to leave her just sitting
  there, never going over to meet her. As he fumed in his anger, he decided why
  not go, and have his way with her. He knew that she was willing, and he had
  seen a picture of her, that she had sent to him. Seeing a sure piece of pussy,
  he couldn't think of a good reason not to have her sexually, before leaving
  her.  
As he took the bus over to meet her, his anger continued to mount, and he
  knew that he would make her pay for this. She had lied to him all along, and
  he had had some feelings for her, but now they had now all turned to anger.  
He met her in the lobby, recognizing her immediately from her photos. She
  was dressed in a short black skirt, with a white satin top, revealing her pierced
  navel and flat stomach. She was truly gorgeous. To his surprise, at least she
  hadn't lied about her appearance, although the way that he had described himself
  to her, wasn't what she had expected at all, he could tell from the look on
  her face. But that was tough shit, considering all of her lies.  
After forcing himself into some polite small talk with her, he suggested
  that they go back to her room, hoping to live out some of her E-mails about
  their first real encounter. They had talked about this moment on the phone
  for hours. All of the things that they had wanted to do to each other. His
  anger with her grew, as she suggested that they go get something to eat instead,
  choosing not to go back to her room with him just yet.  
Reluctantly, he agreed, and took her to his favorite bar and grill. Although
  only twenty four, he was quite an experienced drinker, and as he learned quickly,
  she *had* told him the truth, when she had told him that she didn't drink.
  He convinced her that she would like the strawberry daiquiris, and she agreed
  to try it. After he coaxed her into drinking the first one, he ordered her
  a second one within thirty minutes of their arrival. After talking with her,
  he was now sure by her standoffish nature, that she wouldn't allow him back
  into her hotel room. That had been another of her many lies, she was a just
  tease, he thought to himself.  
Having gotten her to drink two daiquiris in the first forty minutes, he approached
  the bar to get her another drink. When he ordered it, he asked his friend the
  bartender, to make this one a really strong one. When he returned to the table,
  he gave her the drink. As she was already feeling the effects of the first
  two, she pushed this one away.  
He asked her, &quot;What's wrong with the drink?&quot; in a hurt and confused
  manor.  
She replied, &quot;Nothing. It's just that I'm not used to drinking, and
  don't want to get sick or drunk.&quot;  
When their food arrived, he had her try his entre. It was a very spicy dish,
  too spicy for her sensitive palette. After taking just a mouthful, her mouth
  was on fire, and so she drank down her third drink, in several long sips, trying
  to cool her tongue off.  
When he returned to the bar, he ordered her another one just like the last
  one, and a shot of vodka for himself. As he made his way back to the table,
  he added the vodka to the daiquiri, and mixed them together. He would claim
  his prize one way or another.  
Handing her the drink, he kept a watch over her, as she finished her food,
  but never drank a drop of the daiquiri. As they continued their conversation,
  the affects of the alcohol on her were quickly becoming obvious to him. Her
  pupils became dilated, her speech was slurred, and she needed to lean her head
  on her arm, to support its seemingly growing weight.  
With dinner now finished, he pressured her into finishing her drink, so that
  they could go. After repeatedly telling him no, and refusing to drink it, he
  finally told her that it had cost him $8. Feeling guilty, and being a little
  drunk already, she finally took the drink, and slowly finished it, unable to
  taste the extra ingredient in it this time.  
As she stood to leave with him, she almost fell over, in her three inch tall
  heels. He leaned in closer to her, as she closed her eyes. She stood there
  trying to regain her sense of balance. He moved in, and pulled her arm over
  his shoulder, and waited for her reaction. When she did nothing but exhale
  deeply, he knew that he had her.  
&quot;Lets get you back to your hotel. You don't look so good.&quot; he said
  to her, grabbing her purse from the back of her chair, as he led her to the
  door.  
Once they hit the door, she pulled away from him, doubled over and vomited
  right where she was standing.  
&quot;Oh that's bad!&quot; he said, patting her on the back, as she spit
  the taste from her mouth.  
&quot;You gonna be ok?&quot; he asked, as she stood up.  
&quot;I don't know.&quot; she replied &quot;I don't really feel too good,
  do you have some aspirins?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;No. But why don't you have a seat here,&quot; he said, pointing to
  a bench on the sidewalk. &quot;and I'll go across the street to get you some.&quot; pointing
  to a drugstore across the street.  
&quot;Thanks.&quot; she said, as he helped her to the bench.  
Still carrying her purse, he crossed the street and entered the store. No
  sooner than he had entered the stored, than he opened her purse and began rummaging
  through it. He found what he was looking for quickly, and pulled her driver's
  license out from her purse. It confirmed her lies to him. Her real name was
  Marie, she was 33, not 24 as she had told him, and she didn't live at the address
  that she had given him. He continued his inspection of the contents, finding
  make-up, $600 US dollars, and over $200 hundred Canadian. He also found two
  notes, one addressed to him, telling him that she couldn't see him anymore,
  and that she had to met him, just to end it in person. The other one was addressed
  to me, telling me why she had to go and meet him, to end it, so that our marriage
  could get better, and she could be happy again. His anger grew his thoughts
  for revenge upon her, for her deceptions and lies.  
As he thumbed thru the rest of purse, he found the two key cards for her
  hotel room. Taking one card from her purse, he placed it in his pocket. A plan
  began to form in his mind. Walking down the pain relief aisle, he picked up
  some Tylenol PM. Reading it's warning about not taking it with alcohol, he
  grabbed it and headed right for the register. Waiting to be checked out, he
  saw a disposable camera display, and another idea popped into his mind, as
  he grabbed two of the 24 exposure cameras, a tin of Altoids, and a bottle of
  Diet Coke.  
As he walked back to her, his mind was filled with all of the things that
  he wanted to do to this lying bitch. Handing her the Diet Coke and two of the
  Tylenols, he politely said, &quot;Here you go. I hope these help.&quot;  
Looking down at the two pills that he had handed her, she looked up groggily,
  and asked for two more, complaining about how bad she felt. He happily reached
  into his pocket, and pulled out two more of the pills, handing them to her.
  She quickly downed the four pills, as he flagged down a cab.  
Once in the cab, he moved closer to her, but she pulled away and placed her
  arm down between them, to keep him away. He was annoyed by her actions, and
  asked her to allow him to get closer. She rebuffed his advances, but it was
  of no real concern to him, as he would have his way with her soon enough. The
  fifteen minute ride back to the hotel, was almost too much for her, as she
  had to force herself to stay awake.  
He insisted that she let him walk her back to her room, and as she pulled
  her remaining key card from her purse, she told him that she didn't feel well,
  and needed to be alone. He told her that it wasn't a problem, and that he just
  wanted to make sure that she got to her room safely. As he held the door open
  for her, he watched her walk over and collapse on the bed. &quot;Goodnight.&quot; she
  told him, motioning for him to leave. He gladly allowed the door to close behind
  him, as he told her that he hoped that she felt better, in his kindest voice.
  After the door closed, he waited to see if she came back over to lock the swing
  lock. As he heard nothing, he knew that she was out cold.  
Happy that everything was going as planned, he walked down to the lobby,
  and asked the receptionist to call a cab for him. He had the cab take him on
  the twenty minute drive back to his house. He then went into his house to gather
  his things. He made it a point to tell his mother, with whom he still lived,
  that he was tired and was going to bed. In his room he filled his bag with
  the items for his plan, then left through the window, making sure that no one
  saw him.  
He returned to the hotel, walking in through one of the back doors, carefully
  making sure that no one saw him entering again. He looked around, to make sure
  that there were no surveillance cameras, which could catch a glimpse of him
  reentering the hotel, usually with a time and date stamp on it. Confident that
  no one, or thing, had observed him coming back into the hotel, he stealthily
  walked up to her room. He slipped the key card into the lock, and waited for
  the sound of the clicking release of the door. He slipped into her room, and
  noticed that the light was still on, and found her lying face down on the bed.
  She really hadn't moved much in the hour that he had been gone.  
He approached her as quietly as he could, and he pulled the roll of duct
  tape from his bag, afraid that he would need it soon. As he leaned over to
  check her breathing, he inadvertently knocked her purse from the where it had
  been lying on her bed. As it hit the ground, her keys and the other contents
  spilled out, making a loud noise, as they rattled around on the floor. He jumped
  back, fearing that she would awaken, but to his surprise, she didn't move at
  all, and appeared to be impervious to the noise around her. Deciding to test
  this theory further, he ripped a twelve inch piece of the duct tape from the
  roll, and she still didn't move a muscle. He ripped off another piece, and
  then another, but she didn't move a muscle, she was dead to the world. He ripped
  a few more pieces off, just to be safe, applying each to the end of the of
  the night stand, so that he could easily grab them, when they were needed.  
Feeling more comfortable and relaxed, he began to search around her room.
  He found only a duffle bag, and small handbag in the room. He began rummaging
  through the handbag, and found a portable MP3 player, a few CD's and some tabloids.
  Next he moved onto her duffle bag, and found her new panties and bras, with
  the tags still on them. He then began looking at the clothes that she had brought
  with her.  
He admired the thin black slip, the two piece swim suit, and the short black
  skirt that he had pulled from the bag. As he continued, his excitement grew,
  as he found a lovely black lace negligee, and then a pair of jeans and deep
  V-cut white shirt. Digging to the bottom of the bag, he found a thin sun dress,
  and a pair of black pants, with a couple of blouses to go along with it.  
Going thru the side pocket of the duffle bag, he found her toothbrush, hairbrush,
  shampoo, razors, and body wash. Finding nothing else to search through, his
  attention now turned to Marie. He slowly approached her, and touched the back
  of her leg with his hand. She made no move and was apparently unaffected by
  his touch. He then ran his fingers up her legs, and between her thighs, yet
  she was still unaffected by his explorations. Next he stood next to her head,
  and began tapping on her shoulders, she crinkled her nose, but made no other
  moves.  
As his confidence grew, he pushed her over from lying on her front, to lying
  on her back. She moved her head from one side to the other, but showed no signs
  of coming to. With a huge smile on his face, he grabbed his digital camera
  from the bag, along with one of the disposable cameras that he had purchased
  earlier. He took a few shots from each of the cameras, hoping that the flash
  wouldn't wake her up. Still lifeless, he began to take her shoes off. With
  no signs of her being disturbed by his undressing her, he then began to remove
  her satin blouse, slowly unbuttoning it.  
Once he had gotten all the buttons on her blouse undone, he began pulling
  it open, to allow him a full view of her chest. Her head moved slightly, and
  her lips parted, scaring him into pulling away.  
Thinking that was a little too close for comfort, he moved away from her,
  retrieving the contents from his bag. He pulled the thin leather belt from
  it and one of her new pairs of panties from her bag, He then took several lengths
  of rope, that he had brought with him, and began tying them to the corners
  of the bed. Once he had tied a length of rope to each corner of the bed, he
  pulled two pair of old handcuffs from his bag, they wore old and cheap toys
  from his childhood, and both were made of steel, thus they strong nevertheless.
  He had broken the safety release of them many years before. He no longer had
  a key, but could easily open them with a paper clip.  
Tying a handcuff to each side of the headboard ropes, he cautiously took
  one of her hands, and placed it in the cuff, slowly locking it into place around
  her wrist, one click at a time. She tried to move her arm to her face, but
  merely turned to her side, when she was unsuccessful. He cautiously grabbed
  the matching ankle, and using one of his ties that he had brought, wrapped
  it around her leg before tightening it and then securing the rope to it.  
He stood back and decided that he needed more photos, to document his conquest
  of this bitch. After capturing his handiwork from multiple angles, he went
  to the bag, and retrieved a pair of scissors. Using the scissors, he slowly
  snipped her blouse up the short sleeve to her collar. Once free, he pulled
  it off of her other shoulder, as she slept on her side. Now she was exposed,
  her tits were only covered by a lacy white bra. He quickly returned to snapping
  photos of her unconscious body, spread out before him.  
Since she had made no effort to move in several minutes, he decided to push
  his luck, and pushed her back over onto her back. Her head turned, and he thought
  that she would awaken, but her eyes never opened, even as her restrained arm
  tried to pull free. As soon as her movement stopped, he pulled her free arm
  above her head, to the other cuff, and quickly locked it in place. She still
  had not awakened, and he had her almost totally secured.  
Moving to her legs apart, he pulled her skirt up, and onto her belly. Seeing
  her in just her pristine white panties, he snipped them down one side, and
  then the other. Tossing the scissors to the floor, he began to gently pull
  on the panties, trying to work them out from underneath her.  
His latest efforts though, were enough to wake her. He was startled when
  she started to speak softly. &quot;What? Stop?&quot; she moaned under her breath.  
Taking no chances he yanked the panties out from under her, no longer trying
  to not to wake her. Then he grabbed the thin &uml; inch belt, and jumped to
  the head of the bed. Standing over her face, he stuffed her panties into her
  mouth, and then used her belt to secure them in place, having to force the
  buckle into the leather to make a new hole in it, in order to hold it in tightly.  
As he shoved her panties into her mouth, her eyes shot wide open with fear.
  He could hear her muffled cries and screams, under his make shift gag, but
  knew that it couldn't be heard by anyone else. He had her now, just as he had
  planned, just eight hours ago, he never would have thought himself capable
  of such an act, but yet that was exactly what he was doing now. He had been
  driven to this point by his anger, his sense of betrayal, his sense of hurt.
  She had made him do this, and now she would pay.  
Her free leg flailed about, kicking wildly, even as she pulled on her bonds
  with her other limbs. Her whimpers were barely audible over his laughter. He
  looked down at her and laughed, groping her tits, as he leered at her rudely.  
&quot;You bitch! You've been lying to me for six months! What did you think,
  that I wouldn't find out?&quot; he growled at her. &quot;Your husband called,
  he told me about you, and he was right. Do you know what it's like to be lied
  to by someone? You lied about everything! Your name's not Nikki, it's Marie?&quot; he
  gritted his teeth, his anger boiling &quot;You don't have a daughter, and you're
  sure as shit not 26. You told me that you loved me, and that we would be together,
  but you just came here to fuck with me, you evil bitch!&quot;  
He tried to calm himself down, feeling that he was about to blow a blood
  vessel, as his anger built. &quot;You talked about what you wanted to do when
  we first met, but I guess that was a lie too. Well guess what we're gonna do
  it anyway.&quot; he smirked, as he spoke. &quot;I don't now this Marie person,
  but Nikki and me, we have plans of what we're going to do, and I think that
  it's time that we got started on our plans.&quot; as he pinched her nipple
  roughly.  
As he lost his cool, he grabbed her bra and ripped it off of her chest. In
  a frenzy, he then reached down, and grabbed her skirt, which met the same fate
  as her bra. She now lay before him, one leg flailing about, nude and scared.
  He watched happily, as the tears rolled down her face. Not wanting the distraction,
  he grabbed her free leg and sat on it. Next he tied another of his neck ties
  to it, then running the rope, which was attached to the bed, through the tie,
  he pulled her legs as far apart as they would go, before tying the rope tightly,
  to insure that she stay spread eagled.  
He stood back and admired his handiwork for several minute before he remembered
  the cameras. Her crying intensified, as she saw him photographing her naked
  body. After getting several shots from all angles, including a few close-ups,
  he put the cameras down and announced. &quot;The time has come at last.&quot;  
He made a ceremony of dropping his trousers to the floor, and then his underwear.
  He was already hard, the excitement welling inside of him. He would show her.
  She saw his cock hard and glistening, a small trickle of precum already escaping
  it's head. She looked at him in fear, she had thought of this moment the fist
  time they would make love, but it had never seemed real. It had all been make
  believe. It was never supposed to be like this in any case. The person that
  she knew from the chat room and the phone, would never do something like this
  to her.  
She had been disappointed when she first saw him, and even before she had
  gotten here, she had all but talked herself out of doing anything with him.
  She had begun to feel guilty about cheating on me, and she was way too shy
  to go through with it in person. She had only made this trip to prove to herself
  that she could make it on her own, and now look where she found herself.  
He climbed on the bed, and without another word being said, he moved between
  her legs. Without any concern for her comfort, he rammed his cock into her
  dry cunt. His thrust where violent and angry, he was raping her and she knew
  that he wanted her to know it. He pounded away at her for several minutes before
  he emptied his seed into her, for this, their first coupling. After he shot
  his last squirt into her, he pulled out, and moved up to her face. He then
  wiped his slick cock across her nose and face, laughing the entire time.  
Once satisfied that he had wiped all of the liquid off of his prick, and
  onto her face, he collapsed next to her, breathing heavy, while he recuperated,
  in order to use her again.  
She lay there crying through her gag stuffed mouth. How could this have happened,
  she had only come here to end this relationship. She had considered having
  sex with him, but this was nothing like she had imagined that it would be.
  She had never thought Moses was capable of such acts of depravity. From his
  biblical name, to his charming and kind sense of humor. She hadn't thought
  that he would be capable of something this horrible. He watched cartoons and
  wrestling, and he had seemed so gentle and kind. She had struggled both mentally
  and physically with his assault. She had felt that she would be completely
  safe here with him.  
Her husband had warned her of the terrible things that could happen to her,
  when had she gotten involved with strangers on the Internet. As Moses' cum
  dried on her face, she thought back to all of the things that she had talked
  to him about. They had spoken of their love for one another, and how they would
  spend the rest of their lives together. He had told her how much he loved her,
  and how much he wanted to have children with her. He wanted to grow old with
  her, and show her all of the love that he felt for her. But here she was, tied
  to a bed, having just been raped.  
Moses had rolled over, and began sucking on her left breast, as he lay there
  recuperating from his first rape of her. He began biting and chewing on her
  now erect nipple. She winced, as he continued to assault and humiliate her.  
She pulled on her bonds, praying for a way out.  
He sucked and mauled her breast for the next twenty minutes, and as he chewed
  it raw, she closed her eyes, laying there and hoping that he would lose interest
  in doing these horrible things to her. Soon his mouth enveloped her left breast,
  he began pinching and groping her right one.  
He saw that she had closed her eyes, and he didn't like that, as he wanted
  her to see what he was doing to her. Still feeling angry and hurt, he moved
  his hand lower to her crotch. She bucked and tried to move away from his snaking
  hand, but her eyes never opened. He grabbed a handful of her tiny pussy hairs,
  and pulled them out of her skin.  
Her eyes shot open in pain. &quot;He's an animal.&quot; she thought to herself.
  Her entire body riddled with pain from his actions. As her tears again streaked
  down her cheeks, and muffled cries of misery escaped from her gagged mouth.  
He reached back down to her tormented mound, and grabbed another handful
  of her pussy hairs.  
He bit her nipple with as much force as he could, and she felt for sure that
  he had bitten it off. As the pain in her breast rocked her body, he ripped
  a second handful of her pubic hair out of her body. She was going through a
  living hell, as he tortured her. Her pain was compounded by her sense of betrayal.
  His glee from watching her suffer, helped ease his own sense of her betrayal.
  She would never forget him, he would make sure of that.  
His efforts to inflict pain on her had excited him and he felt his cock begin
  to harden. He moved his oral assault to her right breast, as he began stroking
  his cock against her naked bound body.  
She glanced down at her left breast, now able to see the damage that he had
  done to it. Already it had begun to show the signs of his assault. As small
  hickey's circled her nipple, and the bite marks, accented with blood spots,
  were clearly visible to her. She dropped her head back to the mattress, just
  as he sunk his teeth into her other nipple. She was going through hell, and
  she feared that she would be scared for life, from his assaults.  
Feeling her squirming beneath him, had him ready to use her again, and so
  he did. Moving between her legs, he slid into her still slick cunt, for the
  second time. He pumped her mercilessly, for what seemed to her like an eternity.  
She felt him plunging into her pussy. He had been spearing into her poor
  abused cunt for far too long. She was getting really sore down there, and hoped
  that he would finish soon.  
In spite of having cum some thirty minutes ago, he felt on the verge of another
  climax, but wasn't able to obtain it. Looking down at her, he saw her shaking
  her head, as her tears still rolled down her face, as he rode her.  
She was laying there limply under him, no longer putting up any struggle,
  just letting him have his way with her. Then another idea hit him, and he slid
  his dick out of her cunt. A look of relief swept over her face, glad to finally
  have his cock out of her now sore pussy. He dropped down an inch or so, and
  then began pushing his cock back into her, but this time into her virgin ass
  hole.  
Her eyes shot open again, as she felt his still hard cock pressing at the
  entrance of her tightly puckered sphincter. As he continued to punch at her
  anal eye, a sense of relief washed over her, as she thought that between the
  angle that she was tied into, and the tightness of her virgin opening, that
  he'd never get his cock into her ass.  
Undaunted by over five minutes of trying to break into her anal bud, he realized
  that he was having problems, because of his angle of attack, and decided to
  do something about it. He climbed from between her legs and untied the rope
  from her left leg. He pulled the leg up over her body, and tied the rope to
  the upper rail of the head board. He then proceeded to do the same thing with
  her right leg. The end result was that her ass was now sticking up in the air,
  and her anal opening now clearly visible, and easily penetrable.  
She had tried to break free of him, as he moved her legs, but they were too
  tired and stiff to put up any real resistance. She found her new position even
  more uncomfortable, and it also made it harder for her to breath.  
He climbed back onto the bed, standing on his knees, as he took his still
  hard cock, and dipped it into her exposed cunt several times, to lubricate
  it for his planned assault on her ass hole. She grimaced under his weight,
  but could do nothing about it.  
He lined up his slimy cock with the entrance of her anus, and began to push.
  She squirmed under his assault on her anus, but there was simply no place to
  go. It took him less than a minute, to penetrate her tight sphincter muscle,
  and also press an inch or more of his shaft into her virgin ass hole. She panicked
  and cried, under his newest assault. The pain of being taken for the first
  time in her ass seemed unbearable.  
He pushed in further and deeper, impaling her on his cock. She tried to breath,
  but was having a lot of difficulty in doing so, as his assault on her bent
  in half body continued. He had only been in her ass a couple of minutes, before
  the tightness of her anal passage caused him to explode inside of her. He grunted,
  as he shot his gooey seed into her bowels, and as he did, she fell into unconsciousness,
  from the lack of oxygen, due to her inability to breath.  
Seeing her lying there limply beneath him, he worried that she might be dying
  or dead. He yanked at her gag, but was unable to pull it free, until he loosened
  the buckle. Seeing that she was still breathing, he relaxed again. Looking
  down at her unconscious body, laying there in front of him, he was still unsatisfied
  with her punishment for all of her lies to him. Taking his cell phone from
  his bag, he made a few phone calls.  
As he sat there and waited for his friends to arrive, another idea came to
  him. He went to the bath room, and turned on the hot water, throwing a wash
  cloth into the sink to be heated up. He then rummaged through her bag, and
  retrieved one of her razors, and some shaving cream, then went back and got
  the now boiling hot wash cloth from the sink. It was so hot, that he was barely
  able to squeeze out the excess water. He quickly ran over to where she was
  lying, and put the scalding hot cloth on her crotch, to soften up the hair
  there.  
While the cloth was working into her pubic hair, he went back to the bathroom,
  and brought the shaving implements back with him, laying them down on the bed
  right below her crotch. He repeated the hot water rag treatment two more times,
  and t '68en began to shave her. First he put a generous amount of shaving cream
  on her crotch, and then rubbed around, just as he would have down when shaving
  his own face.  
He started with her belly, removing all of the hair between her navel and
  the top of her slit. Then he got the hair around her ass hole. Finally, he
  went to work on her crotch, the area around her pussy. Since he didn't have
  a sink or something to put any water in, he had to constantly get up go to
  the sink in the bathroom, and rinse the razor off. When he thought that he
  had gotten it all, he heated up the wash cloth again, and wiped the excess
  shaving cream away.  
He noticed that she still had a single hair here and there, and made sure
  that he got even these barely visible signs that she had ever had hair between
  her legs. When he was finally finished shaving her, he looked down approvingly.
  She now looked just like a little girl between her legs, with her thick pussy
  lips completely visible, now that there wasn't the hair camouflage to hide
  them. There wasn't even any sign of stubble, he had shaved her completely smooth
  between her legs.  
After washing away any loose hair, he took some of her lotion, and rubbed
  it into her newly shaven mound, to make it glisten, as if she had just been
  fucked and was covered in sweat down there. As she still had cum, oozing from
  both her cunt and her ass, he just had to get a picture of this. He retrieved
  his cameras and began taking pictures of her newly shaven pussy and ass.  
She awoke to the now familiar feeling of a dick in her burning cunt. As her
  mouth was now free of the gag, she began to whimper. As she opened her eyes,
  she found herself in the darkness of some sort of blindfold, and heard him
  say,  
&quot;I took your gag out. You make so much as a sound loader than a whisper
  and I'll slit your fucking throat. You understand what I'm telling you?&quot; he
  said as she felt something cold and metal slide across her neck.  
Marie nodded her understanding as she took note of the sensations she felt.
  Her breast burned and ached under the continued groping and biting they where
  getting. Her pussy was on fire with pain, she felt like she had been raped
  a thousand times. Her ass felt like it had been ripped in two the pain a throbbing
  sensation that seemed to intensify with each passing moment. As she began surveying
  her situation thru the haze that was her mind she began to piece things together.
  There where at least two sets of hands groping her breast, someone raping her
  cunt and a pair of hands squeezing her ass cheeks. Then she heard Moses speak
  to her again.  
&quot;Lift your head and have a drink.&quot; He ordered. Her throat parched
  from having been gagged she did as he ordered and lifted her head to sip. She
  found the liquid cool and refreshing although unfamiliar in its taste. It was
  not good but it was sweet and so therefore tolerable. She took several small
  sips but soon found herself gulping the liquid down as Moses increased the
  angle of the glass.  
Moses was intent that she would finish the drugged concoction Robert had
  brought over. Robert had assured him this stuff would make her passive to there
  actions and unable to remember what had been done to her when she woke up.
  It was some sort of drug cocktail including GHB, Ecstasy and who knew what
  else. But as Robert put it &quot;Who cares it works.&quot;  
Having drained the glass that had been put to her lips she took the opportunity
  to speak quietly and ask a question.  
&quot;Who is here Moses?&quot; she asked apprehensively afraid of his answer.  
&quot;Nobody you need to worry about Nikki, I mean Marie.&quot; He said &quot;Now
  open you mouth.&quot; He said.  
Reluctantly.she did as he had ordered, instantly she felt something cold
  and medal slip under her upper front teeth before it was wedged in behind her
  lower teeth as well. As she instinctively bit down she realized he had placed
  a medal ring gag in her mouth and was now strapping it in place on her head.
  She whimpered even more as he caught her hair in the buckle.  
Her concern over this new gag quickly eased as she felt the man in her pussy
  pull out and begin to force himself into her tender asshole. He was rough as
  rough as Moses had been on his first assault but he was bigger in length and
  girth than Moses. She felt herself stretched to new extremes. Her mind clouded
  and foggy as it had begun to get made no move to escape as her hands where
  freed. Here only conscious movements had this point had been the huffs and
  whimpers she forced out of her restrained mouth.  
With all of her limbs now free Moses began again taking another series of
  pictures of her. This time his photos would show her with a man fucking her,
  while another stuffed his semi erect cock in her mouth, while still another
  man sucked and bit her nipples and breast. She was not coherent anymore she
  was in a drugged state of acceptance.  
In the next 6 hours she found herself raped repeatedly by Moses and his 4
  friends each one making it a point to use and abuse her sphincter as much as
  possible. She had been thrown over the small hotel room table and taken in
  both her ass and mouth at the same time. Eventually when all concerned thought
  it more than safe the gag and blindfold had been removed. Moses had filled
  both of his 256MB flash memory cards for his camera and used up the disposable
  camera's sometime before that. He was happy finally feeling he had exacted
  his revenge upon her fully. She looked like a willing participant in the photo's
  she hadn't been gagged or blindfolded in. Moses would send these to her husband
  after blurring the faces of him and his friends. Let him see what a lying little
  tramp she was.  
She woke up the next morning in an alley behind the bus station she had arrived
  in Winnipeg at. She found she was in horrorable shape when she tried to stand
  it was hard to move the pain in her cunt and especially her ass to much to
  bare. She had been dressed only in her sundress no panties no bra. All she
  had was her return bus ticket stuffed between her abused chest. She searched
  around where she had woken no sign of her purse, clothes, money or other belongings.
  She could still feel the fluids running down her thighs as they escaped her
  sphincter and pussy.  
She walked into the bus station and asked when the next bus home was to the
  attendant discovering she had a six hour wait she went to the restroom to clean
  up as best she could. She spent much of the next thirty hours crying unsure
  why this had happened to her and what her husband's reaction would be when
  she got home. She would have no choice but to tell him what had happened to
  her she would be unable to hide it from him. She would be sore and bruised
  for weeks, she thought she would never feel right in her nether regions again.  
A package arrived at our home 9 hours before she had called me it showed
  her apparently enjoying herself in a gangbang with a number of unidentified
  men their faces had been distorted. I did not see the tears she told me where
  there, I did not see her struggeles she insisted she put up. All I saw was
  my wife being fucked by a group of other men.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Not My Story


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





