BDSM Library - Diamonds On The Soles Of Her Shoes




Diamonds On The Soles Of Her Shoes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The shoe store salesman from 'One Two Buckle My Shoe' has another demanding customer to satisfy (for those readers who wondered how his carrer progressed!)"Good morning, Ma'am. How may I serve you?"  
 Katrina felt a shiver run down her spine to see the young man kneel before
  her, as if someone had run a pin-wheel along its length to lightly prick her
  skin.  
 Such a charming welcome! Such sweet obeisance!  
 She had heard whispers of this shoe store for some weeks now, rumours of
  the originality of its goods and the unique service it offered. It had taken
  some time to find, though, it never bothered to advertise, its name was never
  mentioned in the press, and having recently moved from its space in the mall
  to a more discrete location it was only by word of mouth and personal recommendation
  that one could hope to shop there.  
 'All this trouble, just to find a pair of shoes?' her husband mocked, witnessing
  Katrina ringing friends and entertaining acquaintances, all with the single
  intention.  
 Just shut up and carry on with your duties!' she snapped at him, and he
  sensed the urgency of the matter, if not quite understanding it, bowed his
  head meekly to return to the polishing of her shoes.  
 There was pair after pair of them, shoes and boots and pumps and mules,
  arrayed on the floor before her husband. Katrina loved her shoes, and loved
  to see her husband caring for them. It was if all her erogenous zones were
  in her feet.  
 She loved her shoes and she loved diamonds.  
 She even had diamonds on the soles of her shoes.  
*  
Finally the call had come, a friend of a friend giving her a number to ring.
  But not the number of the shoe store. It had been the number of the owner,
  inviting her to meet, and for a moment Katrina had hesitated, as if her suitability
  as a customer was in doubt... as if she, with her wealth and her taste, needed
  to be vetted!  
 But she had accepted the invitation, women with wealth so often being women
  with time on their hands, and the meeting had been quite pleasant.  
 Rebecca -the owner of the shoe store- had explained that she preferred to
  have only beautiful women as her clientele, adding with a smile that it helped
  to keep her staff happy, which in turn made for a better service.  
 Katrina nodded, pretending to understand, flattered that she seemed to have
  passed this part of the test at least.  
 'Yes, only beautiful women,' Rebecca smiled at her, lightly touching her
  cheek. 'And necessarily wealthy, of course, though the fact that you could
  learn of my store points to you having such a suitable circle of friends.'  
 'So...?' Katrina prompted, and Rebecca reached into her purse, handed her
  a simply engraved business card.  
 'We look forward to having your custom, dear,' she smiled.  
*  
Seeing the handsome young man kneeling before her, his brow and the palms
  of his hands pressed flat to the floor, Katrina immediately felt the urge to
  trample him, to walk up and down his dimpled spine, dig her heels into the
  peachy flesh of his buttocks.  
 Gazing down at him, she felt a trembling in her knees, took one tentative
  step closer but then fought the impulse, whereupon the young man craned his
  neck forward and pressed his lips to the polished toe of her shoe..  
 'What is your name?' she asked, the gesture encouraging her, helping her
  feel more relaxed.  
 'Steve,' he answered, kneeling up, sitting back on his haunches, resting
  his hands on his thighs.  
 'Well, Steve, what I'm looking for are shoes which are impractical to wear
  outdoors,' she told him. 'Shoes with heels so high that I might need to use
  a man as a crutch if I am to walk in them, heels so tall and tapered that they
  might hurt a man and make him sob. Do you think you might be able to help,
  Steve?'  
 'Oh I think so, Madam,' he answered, getting to his feet and moving behind
  her. 'Might I take your coat first?' he asked, his hands resting lightly on
  her shoulders.  
 'Thank you,' she nodded, and he slipped the long suede coat from her draped
  it over his arm, his fingers caressing the material and the fur of the collar
  as he took it across the room to a closet.  
 'I love suede and leather, the feel of fur,' he said, which she found encouraging.  
 She took a seat while he hung up her coat, arranged her dress in silken
  folds about her lap and thighs, one knee protruding as she crossed her legs.
  Her blonde hair she wound behind one ear, to reveal the diamond earring which
  hung there, tugged the neckline of her dress a liitle lower so that another
  diamond glittered against her pale flesh. Her hands resting in her lap were
  also decorated with diamonds, sparkling brightly against the dark silk.  
 'Like a nocturne by Whistler,' Steve commented, coming back towards her.
  'As dark as night and as luminous as the moon, black and silver and sparks
  of light like reflections on a pool of ink.'  
 'How sweet,' Katrina beamed, and as he got to his knees before her once
  again she touched her fingers to his hair before quickly snatching them away,
  as if shocked by her own actions.  
 'No, that's okay, it is allowed,' Steve told her, bowing his head. 'Now
  if I can just measure Madam's foot.'  
 He removed her shoes and set them to one side, placed one of her feet on
  the calibrated foot-measure, and as his fingers moved lightly over the silk
  of her stocking so she ran hers through the soft curls of his hair. He had
  her foot size now, but still he kept his head bowed over it until the caressing
  action of her fingers on his scalp slowed, ceased.  
 Raising his head, smiling at her, he got to his feet saying, 'And now Madam's
  shoes.'  
 Steve crossed the floor, passed a shelf our two before selecting an item
  and returning.  
 'I think Madam will find these quite impractical,' he said, showing him
  the shoes which had impossibly high heels and thick platform soles.  
 Katerina nodded for him to proceed and he slipped them onto her feet, buckled
  the single strap which fastened them high around each ankle. He stood, then,
  offered her his hands to help her to rise, and so high were the heels that
  her feet were held at a painful angle. Teetering before him, the stacked inches
  of the soles made her seem to tower above him, though she was no more than
  medium height.  
 'Madam would  need a man as a crutch wearing these,'
  Steve remarked. 'A crutch to either side of her as she moved as stately as
  a queen?'  
 'A queen, eh?' echoed Katrina, looking down, and shook her head. 'More like
  Elton John than any queen with grace,' she said. 'The platform soles are ugly,
  I don't like them.'  
 'Quite so, Madam,' Steve agreed, helping her to sit and removing the shoes.
  'Something more elegant is required for Madam's dainty feet,' he said, hurrying
  back to the shelves, 'something as slender as a stilleto, as sharp as a blade.'  
*  
And so it went, shoe after shoe in style after style were brought for Katrina
  to try. Some she rejected outright, some she pondered over, some she immediately
  fell in love with, and always the young assistant was patient and attentive,
  his touch light and attentive.  
 Eventually she had half a dozen boxes stacked beside her and paid for.  
 She asked when they might be delivered.  
 'At Madam's convenience, of course,' Steve answered, and she consulted her
  wristwatch.  
 'It's late, you'll be closing the store soon?' she supposed.  
 'Once I have finished attending to Madam,' he nodded.  
 'Then you could bring them now? My car is outside.'  
 'Of course, Madam. I'll get our coats.'  
 'Just mine,' Katrina told him. 'I know it's cold outside, but I like to
  see a man shiver.'  
 Her coat draped loosely about her shoulders, Katrina led the way out to
  her car, Steve following behind with his arms full of her purchases. Opening
  the the near-side door of the sleek black BMW sports, she nodded to him to
  pile the boxes in the tiny space behind the two seats, then walked around the
  vehicle to get behind the wheel.  
 Turning the ignition, she saw that he was still standing by the open passenger
  door, craned her head towards it and said, 'Well? You are  getting
  in, aren't you?'  
 'Madam wants me beside her?' he asked.  
 'Of course! Where else would I want you?' she laughed cautiously, at first
  thinking that it was at this point that his 'service' ended, then seeing his
  quick glance towards the trunk of the car and understanding. 'Oh my God!' she
  exclaimed, her foot slipping from the pedal so that the engine stalled. 'The
  trunk? You really would?'  
 'If Madam required it of me,' he nodded, with not the slightest shame.  
 'How absolutely delightul!' she grinned up at him, as she started the car
  a second time. 'But I think I would prefer you beside me. Please do get in.'  
 Steve slipped into the low seat beside, fastened his seat belt as Katerina
  moved the car forward, winding it through the narrow alleys, between the redeveloped
  waterfront warehouses where the shoe store had discreetly relocated.  
 On the open road, accelerating out of the city, she turned to smile at Steve.
  'You really would have travelled in the trunk? You've done that before?'  
 'On a number of occasions,' he replied, and permitted himself a wry grin.
  'Though in the past they have been larger cars with rather more trunk space
  than your vehicle.'  
 'What an accommodating young man you are,' she said, resting her hand on
  his thigh.  
 'I try to be, it's a part of the service, but all the same I'm grateful
  for the comfort of riding beside you.'  
 Her eyes back on the road ahead, Katrina dug her nails into his thigh, almost
  piercing the thin linen of his trousers as she warned him that comfort now
  might have to be paid for by discomfort later.  
 'Whatever Madam deems fit,' Steve acknowledged, before falling silent, watching
  the road unwind before them, never flinching when he felt the pressure of her
  sharp nails against his thigh, occasionally feeling his body thrown against
  hers when she took a bend at speed.  
 Eventually Katrina slowed the car, in the twilight of a country lane and
  with the lights of the city left far behind slipped down through the gears
  to negotiate a sharp turn into a driveway. This itself stretched on as far
  as a country lane, gravel sang beneath the tyres, darkening shadows of trees
  rose on either side and it seemed that they had not left just the city and
  the county but also the country, had found themselves in some alien nether
  world.  
 But then the lights of a house broke the shadows before them.  
 Steve had visited many prosperous homes since Madam Rebecca had become his
  employer, his Mistress, the owner of that most select of shoe stores, but none
  could compare with this place. The frontage was vast, not so much a house as
  a mansion, a manor, sprawling to either side of stout oak doors as if to say
  that here resided a person of power and influence.  
 A person of power who had people at their beck and call.  
 'My purchases, dear! My parcels!' snapped Katrina, and Steve didn't realise
  that the car had stopped, the engine had died, that she was out of it and waiting
  for him.  
 'Sorry Madam!' he said, reaching behind him to gather up her packages, then
  fumbling open the door and falling out of the car.  
 In her sharp tone he was aware of the power and influence that belonged
  in such a place, suddenly so much more assertive than her first tentative entrance
  into the shoe store, and so he hurried after her, up the flight of three shallow
  steps to the house.  
 Even as they approached the doors they opened, spilling a brighter light
  out to dim the flickering lanterns which burned to either side, then darkened
  at the centre by the shadow of a figure who stood there.  
 'Take the shoe-salesman to the small sitting-room, James,' said Katrina
  abruptly, brushing by this person and disappearing into the house. 'He will
  wait there for me.'  
 Juggling his bundle of packages in his arms, careful not to spill any, Steve
  mounted the final step and entered the house, heard the doors close after him.
  Then the person who had admitted them strode briskly past him.  
 'This way,' he said, leading the way down a tiled hall.  
 'You're Katrina's butler?' Steve supposed, for a house that size would certainly
  require staff, but the man made no answer, proceeding past a succession of
  doors before opening one and gesturing Steve to enter.  
 'In here, Madam will be with you presently,' he said, and went back down
  the hall.  
 The 'small' sitting-room could have comfortably held the lounge, bedroom,
  kitchen and bathroom which comprised Steve's flat, a sprawling room lit by
  rosy wall-lights. Settees and chairs scattered about it could have seated a
  couple of dozen people, candles burned on low tables, filling the air with
  a sweet scent, and the carpet underfoot had such a thick pile that he felt
  he was floating as he crossed it.  
 He was curious to explore the room, the cabinets and dimly lit display cases,
  the cupboards and bookshelves which lined the walls, but he knew better than
  to give in to the impulse. Instead he took the boxes of shoes over to one of
  the settees, set them on the floor beside it, and waited there, facing the
  door.  
 Minutes passed, five, ten, fifteen, but he never budged.  
 Finally he heard his patience congratulated -'Good boy! So dutiful and attentive!'-
  turned to his left to see that a panel in the wall had opened, a door he had
  not noticed.  
 Katrina smiled at him as she entered the room. She was wearing a long ivory
  nightgown, its material so transparent, its colour so matching her complexion
  that her body was like some tantalising mirage shimmering beneath. Delicate
  sandals with the thinnest of heels meant that she had to walk carefully, but
  was able to walk without help.  
 Seeing her cross to one of the other settees, Steve bent to pick up her
  packages.  
 'No dear, not just yet. First I need a drink,' she said, pointing him to
  a small bar in a corner of the room. 'A refreshing gin and tonic I think. Shopping
  can be such a chore.'  
 Steve mixed her drink, brought it to her and waited for further instructions.  
 Sipping her drink, Katrina reached up her free hand to lightly touch his
  groin, asked, 'Do you have shorts on under those trousers?'  
 'Yes Madam,' he answered.  
 'Good. I do so love to see a man's cock straining to break free. Strip down
  to them please.'  
 Steve removed his shirt and trousers, draped them neatly over a chair and
  turned to face her once again.  
 Katrina could see the outline of his cock beneath the thin cotton, not yet
  erect but thickly coiled, like a sleepy serpent.  
 'On the floor dear, face down, lengthways to the settee,' she told him,
  pointing, the rings flashing on her fingers.  
 Steve got to his knees, stretched out on the thick carpet, fingers twined
  and cheek resting against them. He was aware of movement above him, the rustle
  of her gown and a breath of perfume, then felt the pain in his back, not just
  the pressure of a foot and the single sharp stab of a tapered heel but a dozen
  sharp pricks against his bare flesh.  
 Katrina laughed as she heard him gasp, pressed her foot a little harder
  against him.  
 'Shoes as impractical as any you showed me today,' she explained. 'The pricks
  of pain you feel are the diamonds on the soles. Do you enjoy the pain, dear?'  
 'Yes Madam,' he said through gritted teeth.  
 'Good.' Katrina lifted her foot, moved it higher, set it down between his
  shoulder blades. 'I'm so glad you share my likes and dislikes.'  
 Pressing her other foot in the small of his back, to keep him pinned, Katrina
  then lifted the first slightly and ran it down his body, the diamonds in the
  sole of her shoe lightly scoring his back.  
 'I do so like to see that, as I remarked,' she smiled, as his body shivered
  beneath her, and when increasing the pressure to keep him still brought the
  first true grunt of pain she gave a satisfied sigh. 'James! Help me stand!'
  she called, her weight bearing down even harder.  
 Steve tried to twist beneath her, was unable to, saw a pair of polished
  black shoes come into view, only inches from his face.  
 'The butler?' he said in dismay, burying his burning cheeks in the pile
  of the carpet.  
 'No dear, not the butler but my husband,' Katrina informed him, her weight
  all the greater now as she was helped to her feet. 'Sometimes it is his only
  pleasure, to witness my pleasure.'  
 Her hands held out to her husband to steady her, Katrina took short mincing
  steps, like a lady performing a minuet, walking up and then down Steve's writhing
  body.  
 'Do keep still love, for if I stumble then you will suffer,' she warned
  him. Then her body swayed a little unsteadily as she released one of her husband's
  hands to press her fingers into her groin, saying, 'Oh I do believe I am becoming
  wet enough to gush! Can you feel, James?'  
 'Yes Mistress, I can,' he said, his fingers joining hers to force the flImsy
  fabric of her gown between her legs.  
 'Enough! Let me be seated!' she said, feeling the strain on her calves,
  and carefully she was lowered back down to the settee, the pressure of her
  diamond encrusted soles easing as she raised her feet. 'You may turn over now,
  dear, onto your back. I want to see the tears in your eyes.'  
 Steve rolled, turned, his movements slow and cautious, and there were indeed
  tears in his eyes, which Katrina reached down towards, wiping them away with
  the tip of a finger.  
 'And now, does he have an erection I wonder?' she said. 'Should we find
  out, James?'  
 Seeing her husband's hands reach down to his shorts, Steve clasped his hands
  to his groin, covering it, but immediately Katrina's foot was against his cheek,
  turning his head, forcing it into the floor.  
 'Don't you dare! I would have expected a more obedient service from you!'
  she snarled. 'Or do I tell your Mistress Rebecca that you failed to satisfy?'  
 Reluctantly Steve's hands fell away to either side and he felt manly fingers
  tugging at his shorts, pulling them down to bare his genitals.  
 'Ah yes! There is the hint of an erection there!' Katrina was pleased to
  see. 'Make him just a little bit harder for me, James,' she said, and pressed
  her foot harder against Steve's cheek in case he should think to resist.  
 Thick fingers grasped Steve's cock, the stubble of a chin grated against
  its glans before soft fleshy lips slipped over it. The tongue which washed
  against it was also rough, but at the same time delightful, as his cock was
  drawn deep into the throat of Katrina's husband. It was like being draWn into
  the warmest, silkiest cunt he had ever known and he became hard despite his
  pain, despite his embarrassment.  
 'Enough!' Katrina suddenly cried. 'The pleasure is mine, not yours, so step
  away James!'  
 There was a delicious rush of cold air on Steve's cock, cooling the saliva
  on it as it slipped free of the hungry mouth, and it stood hard and erect,
  aching with pleasure, aching for  pleasure.  
 His eyes fluttered open, saw Katrina's eyes burning down into him, her lips
  parting in a smile, and he hoped for those lips on him, even bucked his hips
  slightly to beg for them. Instead, though, he felt her foot stamp on his belly,
  kicking the breath from him, making his mouth snap open in the gasp of a plea.  
 'Lick the diamonds on the soles of my shoes,' Katrina told him, offering
  him her other foot, and dutifully he lapped his tongue across its sparkling
  surface. 'And if I asked you to take my shoe's wicked heel in your arse, you
  would do?'  
 Steve nodded as best he could with his face beneath her foot, his erection
  heavy against his belly, and his cock twitched as his fingers clawed the carpet,
  longing to touch himself.  
 'Hard for me, are you?' she knew, and bent forward, reached down trailed
  the tips of her fingers lightly along his thighs. 'Should I make you come?
  Should I give you pleasure? Or pain? Or both?'  
 She lifted his cock, her fingers circled it, slowly she began to stroke
  it, and he closed his eyes as he sighed, his tongue still for the moment.  
 'There is the pleasure,' she told him, gripping him more firmly before pressing
  her foot so hard against his mouth that the diamonds might have punctured his
  lips. 'And there is the pain! Lick, boy! Lick!'  
 Quickly Steve's tongue resumed, washing over the sole of her shoe while
  his cock grew ever harder in her fist.  
 'Now the pleasure and the pain together I think,' she decided, releasing
  him for a moment and twisting each of the rings on her fingers so that the
  silver mounted stones faced inwards.  
 When she gripped him now he felt the sharply cut gems dig painfully into
  his swollen cock, as she started to stroke him again it seemed that the skin
  might be torn to ribbons, but still his erection grew beneath her touch.  
 'Pleasure and  pain,' she repeated. 'If you are to
  enjoy the pleasure then you must accept the pain. Will you?'  
 'Yes!' he mumbled into her shoe, his back arching, his cock driving into
  her hand.  
 'Milky white sperm made pink with your blood?' she asked, pumping him faster,
  harder. 'Will you give me that?'  
 'Yes!' he cried, partly in pain and partly in delight.  
 'Then do it! Don't keep me waiting, boy!'  
 His cock exploded, between her fingers it seemed to inflate as it spat out
  his ejaculation, making her rings dig all the deeper into his flesh. Katrina
  held him firm until the last spasm had subsided, then took her foot from his
  face, her hand from his cock, and tenderly smeared his emission up and down
  its length, making the fine red welts her rings had left smart and sting.  
 Getting up from the settee, standing astride him with the help of her faithful
  husband, Katrina smiled down at Steve as she rested a foot lightly on his chest,
  reminding him of the diamonds on the soles of her shoes.  
 'Diamonds, a girl's best friend, oh how I love them,' she chuckled, and
  then snapped her fingers at her husband. 'James! My toy! Fetch it!'  
 Dimly, through half closed eyes, Steve was aware of James crossing the room
  to one of the cabinets, before being distracted by the sight of Katerina removing
  her gown, standing over him naked but for her shoes.  
 'You have had your pleasure, now I must take mine,' she said, stretching
  out a hand as her husband returned.  
 There was the rattle of a buckle, Steve's eyes widened as he saw Katrina
  fitting the strap-on dildo snugly into her groin, fastening it firmly about
  her waist and between her thighs.  
 'No! Dear God no!' he begged, seeing the cruel length of black rubber curving
  up and out, its surface sparkling with diamonds.  
 'Yes, dear boy, yes!' Katrina insisted, giving him a hard kick in the ribs.
  'Over on all fours and give me your arse!'  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Severin Rossetti


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





