BDSM Library - The Analyst and Mrs White




The Analyst and Mrs White
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An aloof woman finds the idea of hypnosis liberating.  And the reality is too.Part 1. The Analyst's story.    
 I sat slightly behind Mrs. White as she sat talking in my consulting room.
  The light from the windows was catching the small blonde hairs that didn't
  quite make it into her tied hair. She was by far the most attractive of my
  patients, in her late twenties, obviously well kept and always smartly dressed
  in conservative clothes which never the less allowed her beautiful body to
  be elegantly displayed even though covered. She had been coming to me each
  week for months now. All her problems had apparently disappeared and yet she
  still turned up week in week out. The money was useful though it defeated me
  as to her reasons. I watched the movement of her neck, the slight throbbing
  of a pulse below the skin, the lace bra that only just showed as the light
  caused some transparency in her blouse. 
 Eventually my curiosity overcame me. 
 &quot;Mrs. White, why do you come here still each week?&quot; I had interrupted
  her and she looked around at me before settling back. 
 &quot;To ensure that I am a fully balanced person.&quot; Even her voice
  had that sexy elegant quality to it. She was rather cool and patronising at
  times but still a very sexy woman. 
 &quot;I think there must be more to it than that.&quot; 
 &quot;If there is I am unaware of it.&quot; 
 &quot;Maybe we should explore that question.&quot; 
 &quot;Perhaps. If you think it would help.&quot; 
 &quot;Your response suggests that simply talking about it wont be useful.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh, I didn't mean to suggest that.&quot; 
 &quot;Can you remember when you first came here I used hypnosis to open
  up the problems initially and then we discussed them?&quot; I stood and walked
  in front of her, leaning back on my desk. Looking at her face I saw a slight
  flush and her eyes shone far more than normal. 
 &quot;Yes. Yes I remember. Do you want to try that now?&quot; 
 &quot;I think so. Though you must be in complete agreement.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Yes.&quot; A little too quickly. She continued, &quot;I am happy
  for you to do that.&quot; 
 I placed her under quickly. It was far easier this time as most of the suggestions
  were in place from before. I looked at her sitting still yet lithe before me.
  A woman like her would make any man happy I thought to myself before restraining
  my thoughts and bringing them back to the job in hand. 
 &quot;Mrs. White, is there a reason for you wishing to continue these sessions
  that I do not know about?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;Will you tell me?&quot; 
 &quot;It's the hypnosis.&quot; I looked at her for a moment totally puzzled. 
 &quot;Please expand on that as much as you can.&quot; 
 &quot;It arouses me.&quot; My face dropped in astonishment. If she had been
  aware of me I am sure she would have laughed. &quot;It's the idea that you
  could control me when I am hypnotised, make me do things, wicked things.&quot; 
 &quot;Sexual things?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes. I fantasise how you could make me do all kind of things, humiliate
  me, have sex with me, dominate me.&quot; 
 &quot;Do you ever act out these submissive fantasies of yours with your
  husband for example?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh no. At first he was very dominant, and that was OK but he never
  really pushed it as far as I would have wanted sexually. Now he seems to get
  all the dominance and such like he needs from his job. I rarely see much of
  him and when I do he just wants to be passive now. Unfortunately sexually I
  am more dominant than him.&quot; 
 &quot;And you would prefer it the other way around?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes.&quot; 
 &quot;And you've not done anything with anyone else?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh no. It just wouldn't be socially acceptable would it?&quot; 
 &quot;So you keep it all under wraps so as not to cause any problems?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes of course. Doesn't everyone?&quot; &quot; 
 &quot;How long have you felt as though you wanted to be submissive?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh for a long time. At school everyone saw me as a 'good' girl, non
  sexual, beyond those sordid kind of things.&quot; 
 &quot;But you wished otherwise.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Boys scared me a bit ad my only defence was to be aloof. I couldn't
  get out of that trap. I was never allowed to drop that 'face' and be even a
  partial slut like the other girls.&quot; 
 &quot;But you fantasise about being made to do things under hypnosis?&quot; 
 &quot;It hadn't occurred to me prior to you putting me under. After it I
  thought about all the things you could do. I've been hoping that you'd do it
  again.&quot; 
 &quot;You know that I haven't done anything of the kind?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes I do, but I don't when I'm not under hypnosis. When I am normal
  I still think it might happen, might already have happened.&quot; 
 &quot;And is that what you would actually want to happen?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes. It would be marvellous. I wouldn't have any control over it.
  You could do as you wished and make me be a total slut for you.&quot; 
 I looked at her in shocked silence. I could never have imagined Mrs. White
  even saying the word 'slut' before let alone acting like one. From outside
  came the faint sound of traffic, other than that there was total silence within
  the room. Mrs. White sat as she normally would, one stocking covered leg over
  the other, her hands in her lap, looking serene. I had an erection I realised
  suddenly. It was beginning to hurt in its intensity. I moved around the desk
  and sat behind it covering my arousal. I sat and thought a long while. Eventually
  after telling her to forget all she had heard or said and to feel pleasantly
  relaxed, I woke her. 
 I had considered the situation considerably during the following week. First
  I veered one way then the other. It wasn't until Mrs. White's next visit that
  I had fully made up my mind. By chance Jill, my secretary, and receptionist
  had taken the day off ill so the session took place with only me and Mrs. White,
  no one would interrupt. Fate was playing her hand. She looked as prettily pristine
  as ever, her make-up and her dress sense as immaculate as usual. She sat down
  and immediately I told her that I wished to hypnotise her again. The flush
  and the sparkle of eyes again showing as I waited for her consent. 
 I began by checking her latent submissive desires. They were still there,
  still strong, still hidden away from the world though not from her own knowledge.
  It was easy to strengthen them, it was something she really wanted, there was
  no difficulty in this. Strengthening her desire to be subservient to me was
  also surprisingly easy, it didn't appear to matter who it was, even the gender
  seemed irrelevant. I simply gave her the focus. That focus was me. We sat there
  for about 30 minutes as I gradually had her build a structure of a relationship
  where she could be the submissive to my dominant. For the most part I was using
  her own suggestions though leading these and building what I wished for from
  each new brick she provided. Eventually I was satisfied sufficiently for me
  to pause and assess my work and her beauty as she sat before me still under.
  My cock was rigid. 
 &quot;Mrs. White I would like you to undress for me.&quot; Physically now,
  as well as professionally, I was taking a big step. I wanted to check out what
  she was going to offer me. 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Whispered huskily. 
 She began, with a dancers grace, to remove her clothing. Undoing buttons
  and slipping off her blouse, reaching behind her to unclip her bra thrusting
  her lace covered breasts forward. I watched fascinated by the firmness of her
  breasts as she stood and unbuttoned her skirt, her breasts moving delightfully
  before my eyes. She slid the silk skirt down her legs and stood out of it.
  The hardness of her pink nipples obvious. Her fingers hooked over the waist
  of her panties and gradually eased them off her long legs. She wore no stockings
  and simply stood in her shoes and jewellery. It was certainly a sight for sore
  eyes as the sunlight reflected off the desk and lit her pale skin. Her pubic
  hair was sparse and there was evidence of moisture around the base of her blonde
  silken triangle. She was a dream. Her face now glowed and her tongue damped
  her lips often. She turned this way and that for me so I could observe all
  her beauty, even bending at the hips so I could view the bulging of her lips
  from behind. Finally I had her stand with her arms folded behind her back and
  her legs slightly apart. Her body was exquisite.  
 &quot;Now Mrs. White, tell me the rules that you have just set yourself.&quot; 
 &quot;Foremost I must be obedient to you in all matters sexual or that could
  be considered associated with sexuality. Secondly I am to aim to give you pleasure.
  I am not to do anything that would harm or upset you in any way. Thirdly that
  any of my sexual activity or fulfilment will be at your command or with your
  agreement.&quot; 
 &quot;And are you sure that is what you yourself really want deep down?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;You will know these fully by the time I allow you your next orgasm
  Mrs. White. Your mind will gradually take in and accept fully these self imposed
  rules. Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;When did you last have sex with your husband?&quot; 
 &quot;Two weeks ago.&quot; 
 &quot;Is that normal?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. These days I often go through a longish period without having
  sex with him.&quot; 
 &quot;Your arousal will increase as the week goes on and you will feel the
  need to ask my permission if you wish to do anything about it. You will feel
  that you need to seek my permission before you can release those feelings of
  arousal and need.&quot;   
"Yes" 
 &quot;Mrs. White you know how a cat behaves around humans?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;You are to get onto your hands and knees.&quot; She did so. &quot;Now
  Mrs. White you area cat. You will rub yourself against my legs as you move
  around me.&quot; She arched her back and crawled over to me. I could feel her
  warm flesh as she leant against my legs, rubbing the length of her body against
  me as she slowly moved around. A purr came from her throat continually. As
  she moved I could see her hips thrusting high as though her tail was straight
  up. The sight her of her pink rosebud was quite clear as was the fleshiness
  of her lips between her thighs, her breasts moved invitingly.  
 It was all too much, my cock hurt. I had her stand and return to normal
  human behaviour. I got up and sat against the front of the desk, unzipping
  myself and taking out my aching member. It would have been so nice and so easy
  to have her suck my cock. I could imagine it inside her hot wet mouth, but
  it wasn't what I wanted just yet. I wanted her to be fully aware, I wanted
  her to know exactly what she was doing and I wanted her to be desperate. I
  rubbed my length in front of her a while as I added a few other requirements
  into her mind before putting myself away again, with some difficulty. This
  included a phrase, &quot;Chocolate Cucumber&quot;, that would put her into
  a trance for me whenever she heard it. 
 I had her dress and watched again as her body moved and slowly hid itself
  from me. I took her panties, retaining them, and telling her that she would
  not notice until on her way home. I held the expensive, damp piece of material
  hidden in my hand as I brought her around. 
 &quot;Well I am sorry but your appointment has come to an end Mrs. White.
  I will give you another appointment at ten on Saturday morning if that is alright
  with you.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh. I wasn't aware you held a surgery on Saturdays.&quot; 
 &quot;I don't usually but I will make an exception and open up just for
  you. Is Saturday morning a problem?&quot; 
 &quot;No. No, that will be quite convenient actually.&quot; 
 I noticed her eyes drawn to what probably was an obvious bulge in my trousers
  as she rose to go and stood making small talk at the door. 
 On Thursday at noon my telephone on the outside line rang as I expected.  
 &quot;Hello Mrs. White. Nice to hear from you. Is there a problem regarding
  your appointment?&quot; 
 &quot;No. No its not that.&quot; She sounded flustered, very flustered. 
 &quot;Well, what can I help you with then?&quot; 
 &quot;This is really silly. I don't know why I'm doing this really. It's
  really embarrassing.&quot; 
 &quot;Does that matter?&quot; 
 &quot;No. Yes. No. I need to ask you something that's all.&quot; 
 &quot;Fine. Go ahead.&quot; 
 &quot;It's just that... Oh God. I'm sorry. I'm really aroused. It sounds
  really silly. I'm sorry to disturb you. I wanted to tell you. I... I wanted
  to ask... I wanted to ask... if I could do something about it.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Mrs. White, what do you mean? What do you normally do when you're
  in that state, can't your husband help?&quot; 
 &quot;No he can't. He's not here. He couldn't anyway... I need... you to
  help...&quot; 
 &quot;Me? Well what do you normally do?&quot; 
 &quot;I would normally masturbate.&quot; So softly I could hardly hear. 
 &quot;Please repeat that.&quot; 
 &quot;Look it doesn't matter. Oh God it does. I would masturbate. I haven't
  done it for days! I haven't done it since my appointment!&quot; 
 &quot;Do you normally call it that? Use the language that you use in your
  own mind Mrs. White.&quot; 
 &quot;I normally frig myself when I get this horny.&quot; 
 &quot;Well why didn't you?&quot; 
 &quot;It seemed somehow appropriate to tell you... to ask if it was alright
  if I did.&quot; Choked. 
 &quot;You want me to give you permission to frig your pretty little pussy?
  Is that correct Mrs. White?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Please. I don't know why, but yes, please! Please!&quot; Almost
  sobbing. 
 &quot;What are you wearing Mrs. White?&quot; 
 &quot;What am I wearing now? Jeans. T-shirt. Underwear.&quot; 
 &quot;Well at the moment I am busy.&quot; I lied, whilst a soft moan came
  from the other end of the line. &quot;Where are you?&quot; 
 &quot;At the house, in the lounge.&quot; 
 &quot;I will phone you back in a few minutes. I will consider giving you
  permission. It might be appropriate, if you want to finger that pussy of yours
  for me, for you to remove all your clothes and wait for my call standing naked
  by the phone, don't you think Mrs. White?&quot; 
 &quot;Naked? Stand naked? Yes. Yes. OK. I'll do that. Please don't be long.&quot; Plaintive. 
 I left her waiting for 15 minutes, then called. 
 &quot;Hello Mrs. White.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh God, please.&quot; 
 &quot;Please what?&quot; 
 &quot;Please let me. Please let me orgasm!&quot; 
 &quot;That's not the word you would normally use is it?&quot; 
 &quot;No. Please let me cum! Oh God it's getting worse by the second!&quot; 
 &quot;Are you naked Mrs. White?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. I'm standing naked for you. God I'm so wicked! I've never ever
  done this before! Please.&quot; 
 &quot;Well I suppose so Mrs. White. You may finger yourself. But you are
  not to cum until I give you permission is that clear?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;Stand with your legs slightly apart. Bend your knees outward. You
  may begin but keep the phone by your face.&quot; 
 &quot;Now? With you listening? Oh. Yes.&quot; I heard a deep sigh. &quot;I'm
  so near. Oh God I'm so near! I could cum immediately!&quot; 
 &quot;No Mrs. White. I will control that wont I? That's what you want isn't
  it?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Uhhhh. Yes.&quot; 
 I made her describe her actions to me, how wet she was, how humiliated she
  felt. I made her stop at my direction. I made her start again. Eventually I
  countered to 10 as I played with my desperate cock. I would allow her to cum
  on the count of 10. I teased her by dragging it out. Her cries were desperate,
  almost echoing my own desperate need.  
 On 10 she came loudly. A few seconds later I came, also pumping into my
  tissues. My own climax sweet and so necessary. My balls ached after I had finished,
  semen still oozing from me. The noises that came over the phone were bestial,
  grunts and whimpers and moans of ecstasy. I heard the wet squishy noises of
  her fingers still desperately pumping her cunt. Eventually she could speak. 
 &quot;Sir, may I say something?&quot; She sounded as though she was sobbing,
  her breathing still laboured, soft moans still escaping her. Her use of the
  title 'Sir' apparently being used suddenly without her conscious thought.   
 &quot;Are you alright?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Oh yes. Thank you Sir. Thank you so much.&quot;  
 &quot;Is that what you wanted to say Mrs. White?&quot; 
 &quot;No. I just wanted you to know, Sir, that I will be really obedient
  for you in future. I'll do anything for you Sir. I'll only do it when you let
  me Sir. I'll be really pleasing Sir. I will. I will. I'll be good Sir.&quot; It
  all came out in a rush, frantic to tell me, desperate to offer herself.  
 &quot;That is a pleasing offer Mrs. White. We will see about whether or
  not I accept you at our next meeting. Mrs. White?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Sir?&quot; 
 &quot;You mustn't cum until our meeting. You can touch yourself sexually
  but not cum. do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Sir. If that's what you want Sir.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. I will see you on Saturday.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Thank you Sir.&quot; 
 On Saturday morning I opened up the office. There was no Jill, there was
  nobody there but me as we normally did not have a surgery at weekends. It was
  pleasantly cool inside and very warm out. I felt excited by the thought of
  her visit. I couldn't settle and my erection was uncomfortable within my trousers.
  I sat in the reception area until her arrival.  
 There was a knock and the door opened to reveal her in a blouse and skirt.
  She looked embarrassed but glowing. She looked around where Jill would normally
  be and seemed relieved before I waved her through into my room. When I walked
  in she was sitting nervously on the edge of the seat. 
 &quot;I really am sorry Sir about disturbing you on the phone. I really
  am. I don't know what came over me Sir.&quot; She was blushing profusely and
  I sat down opposite her turning on the tape recorder as normal.  
 &quot;Its alright Mrs. White. Don't worry. I want to explain one or two
  things.&quot; She looked a little more relieved though still sat right on the
  edge of the chair. &quot;Now, you know that I hypnotised you last time?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Sir, you said.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. You gave me rather a lot of information that you've kept hidden
  before Mrs. White.&quot; Her eyes went wide and her mouth made a silent 'O'. &quot;Mrs.
  White I have decided to give you a very new secret therapy. You must however
  promise not to divulge this to anyone. Never tell anyone whatever passes between
  us in these sessions. It would make me most unhappy if you ever did Mrs. White.
  You will be good and do exactly as I say wont you.&quot; 
 &quot;Of course Sir. I will never say anything.&quot; 
 &quot;Good. You have certain desires and lusts that normally would not be
  fully acceptable in polite society. Are you aware of that?&quot; 
 &quot;Well... Yes.&quot;  
 &quot;We are going to act these out to ensure you are fully aware of them
  Mrs. White. So you see its in your best interests to keep silent Mrs. White.
  We need to confront them so that you can fully accept them.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Thank you Sir.&quot; Her eyes betrayed both anxiety and excitement
  as I looked at her for a few moments. 
 &quot;Now I want to hypnotise you again is that acceptable? 
 &quot;Oh yes, of course.&quot; 
 &quot;Chocolate cucumber&quot;. I put her under. She had almost a look of
  relief as she sat there before me. 
 &quot;Mrs. White did you enjoy the orgasm you had when you came on the phone
  for me?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh God yes. It was the best that I can ever remember having. It left
  me so amazed.&quot; 
 &quot;Describe how you felt from the beginning please.&quot; 
 &quot;My arousal had been unusually high last week. I wanted my husband
  to have me but neither of us made a move. By the time I phoned I felt so horny.
  I needed to let you know and hoped you'd say it was OK and tell me to finger
  myself.&quot; 
 &quot;Hadn't you previously?&quot; 
 &quot;No. It hadn't seemed right somehow.&quot; 
 &quot;Continue.&quot; 
 &quot;It was so embarrassing phoning you. It made me hotter though and having
  to stand naked for you at home was so humiliating and I loved it. Then when
  you let me play with myself it was as though you were playing with me as well,
  as though I was your puppet, your toy. You were in control. Making me bring
  myself near and then wait was so frustrating yet so wonderful. It really forced
  me to understand that you were in control. You had taken away my responsibility
  and I could simply do as I was told and act as you wished.&quot; 
 &quot;How did you feel about me controlling your release?&quot; 
 &quot;It was really arousing. More arousing than I thought possible.&quot; 
 &quot;Did you want me to continue controlling what you do sexually at future
  times?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. More than anything.&quot; 
 &quot;Did you imagine anything as you waited or when you were playing with
  yourself?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. I thought of people seeing me standing naked. I thought of you
  walking in and seeing me standing naked and so obviously needing to be fucked.
  Of you making me do things and fucking me.&quot; 
 &quot;Now Mrs. White you are to undress for me after I bring you out. You
  will undress when I ask you to. You will be very aroused by exposing yourself
  to me. When you are naked you will not attempt to cover yourself no matter
  how embarrassed you are. You are to ensure that you are fully exposed to me.
  Exhibiting your body sexually will arouse you.&quot;   
&quot;Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 You will understand that I am your Master in all things sexual and that
  you must obey me. Obeying me and being aware of your place will make you aroused
  though the knowledge of your submission will embarrass you and that sexual
  embarrassment will cause your arousal to increase. You will always find sexual
  humiliation deeply arousing. You will also be aware of your excitement and
  why it is so. When I bring you out you will not remember any of our conversation.
  Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 I brought her out of the trance and she looked happy enough sitting there
  normally again as though she hadn't even been aware that she had been under. 
 &quot;Mrs. White there is something I want you to listen to. Please do not
  interrupt until you have heard it.&quot; I had her attention. I rewound the
  tape and began playing it. As she listened her face became redder, her eyes
  were wide at first and then her closed and her head dropped. She was squirming
  around more and more in the chair. When it had reached the point before I had
  instructed her to undress I stopped it. Her eyes remained shut and she was
  trembling. Every now and then a quiet &quot;Oh my God&quot; would escape her
  mouth. I stopped it before the instructions, she heard only her description
  of her actions. 
 &quot;Mrs. White, look at me.&quot; Her head lifted and her eyes opened
  onto mine. &quot;You see I know don't I? I know everything you think. I know
  what you fantasise about and what you want. We have to confront these feelings
  and see if they are real Mrs. White, don't we?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; Quiet words. The sir had returned again I noticed. 
 &quot;Mrs. White I want you to undress again for me. Do you want to do that
  for me?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Husky voice. She continued to look at me wide eyed. Another
  silent nod was slow but without hesitation. &quot;Again? You mean I've undressed
  for you before? Oh you mean on the phone?&quot; 
 &quot;No Mrs. White. You did it last time we were here.&quot; I took out
  her panties from my pocket. 
 &quot;Oh! Oh my God! I thought...&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Mrs. White. You took all your clothes off for me to look at. You
  realised that I needed to inspect what you were offering me.&quot;  
 &quot;Oh God! Oh God.&quot; Quiet, whispered, her face blazing. &quot;Did
  you...? Did you...?&quot; 
 &quot;No Mrs. White I didn't. I could have though without any difficulty.
  I will, when I want to. You understand that don't you? Now you are to undress
  for me, again. Will it be because you want to or because I have made you? That's
  an interesting question isn't it?&quot; 
 She stood and did what she was told, though there looked to be just a little
  inner struggle. I watched her slowly peeling off her clothing. The skirt then
  the blouse, her black lace underwear even slower. Her body was divine as she
  moved. Her pert breasts were tight and capped by nipples that were obviously
  very hard. Her entire chest was flushed. There were faint pink lines where
  her underwear had been. When she was totally naked for me she stood trembling
  before me, one foot in front of the other slightly crossing her thighs, her
  hands clasped beneath her throat for a moment, her arms hiding her breasts,
  before dropping them, allowing her full nakedness to be revealed. 
 &quot;Now I think we will drop the Mrs. White, it is hardly appropriate
  in this new situation is it? I will call you by your first name Stephanie,
  or I may call you other names at times. What do you want me to do with you
  Stephanie?&quot; 
 &quot;I want... Sir this is so humiliating... I want you to use me... sexually
  Sir.&quot; Her voice so husky now it was as if she had a bad throat. 
 &quot;Well I think if you make it obvious that you are worth being used
  sexually, if you make sure that you are going to be good for me then it wont
  be a problem Stephanie. Do you think you can show me that you can be satisfying?&quot;&quot; 
 &quot;I will try Sir. Thank you Sir.&quot; 
 &quot;I have taken charge of your sexual life Stephanie. You will go along
  with that Stephanie because I have hypnotised you. You don't have a choice
  now.&quot; 
 &quot;No Sir.&quot;  
 &quot;I mean all your sexual activity. It means that any activity that you
  could be sexual in the least way is under my control.&quot; I waited a moment
  to let it sink in. &quot;It means that you will perform for me as and when
  I make demands on you. It means that I will regulate your orgasms. At times,
  your clothing or lack of it. There may be all sorts of things.&quot; She continued
  to stand trembling slightly her lips had parted and she was unable to stop
  herself licking them. Come here and kiss me. Kiss me and show me that you are
  worth it, then you can undress me.&quot; 
 She did. Her hands tentatively reached around my neck, her soft lips reached
  up for and found mine, her soft body pressed then rubbed up against me. I could
  not have helped but be aroused by her as her mouth opened for me, as I felt
  her breasts and thighs and mound against me. She was moaning softly into my
  mouth long before I pulled her away. Her fingers shook slightly as she undid
  the buttons of my shirt. As she bent to unfasten my trousers her eyes fixed
  on the very obvious bulge throbbing there. I had to stop her touching my cock
  as it sprung clear of my underwear. I had to stop her kissing my sensitive
  throbbing length. I was frightened of losing control over myself let alone
  her. I had her sit on the edge of my desk, and then lay back. I watched as
  she pulled up her legs and opened them as if an offering at my altar. After
  a while her face surrendered to her need for reassurance and she turned her
  head to look at me. 
 I moved between those beautifully parted legs. Her pale skin was silhouetted
  against the dark wood of my desk. I looked down at her cunt. Her lips looked
  full, they were parted and the inner surfaces glowed pink and wet. Her pubic
  hair was wet and pressed against her, only the higher regions looking a darker
  blonde than her hair, wispy and shinning.  
 &quot;Stephanie keep your eyes on mine all the time. Do you realise what
  I can see?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; That totally arousing mixture of wild lust and humiliation
  obvious in her eyes. 
 &quot;What can I see Stephanie?&quot; 
 &quot;My... my... my pussy Sir.&quot; 
 &quot;No Stephanie, it is not your pussy, it is your cunt. That is what
  it is. A slut's cunt. Because you must be such a slut offering this wet dripping
  cunt to me to fuck in my office, mustn't you?&quot; My voice gentle even though
  my vocabulary was coarse. 
 &quot;But its so horrid a word Sir... Its my... cunt.&quot; Broken now,
  she continued. &quot;And I'm such a slut Sir. I'm your slut Sir.&quot; Her
  body trembled again as another wave of arousal hit her. 
 &quot;Why is your cunt so wet and open for me slut?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm excited about you wanting me Sir, seeing me. That you are going
  to use me, like the slut I am Sir.&quot; 
 My eyes travelled up her body, over her stomach, as it angled up ready for
  me to take her, over the step of her ribs, to her breasts. They were somewhat
  flattened now as she lay but still looking pert. The aureoles prominent around
  her up thrust nipples. She moved her hands beside her nervously. There were
  marks from the perspiration from her palms on the cool wood were they had once
  been. 
 I allowed my cock to touch her open cunt lips. A sigh escaped her and I
  could see that she was attempting not to press against me, not wanting to annoy
  me with her impatience. I rubbed the length of my cock over the slick juices
  coating her, over her parted inner lips. It must have touched her clit as she
  suddenly arched off the table. Her wide eyes still on mine as they opened again.  
 &quot;Do you want me to fuck you Stephanie slut?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh please Sir. Please. Please fuck me.&quot; 
 I held my juice covered cock and placed it at her opening, watching her
  face all the time. I thrust deep. Again she arched off the desk as she moaned
  and I slid into her up to the hilt. Her body pulsed against me, hot and wet
  and needy inside. I began slow but powerful thrusts into her receptive body,
  my hands holding her hips. My hands touching her for the first time. She was
  tight but wet. Her vagina sucking me. As I fucked her I reached over and felt
  her breasts, felt the hard nipples. I fucked her, this sweet cunt that was
  now mine to have as I pleased. The control I managed over myself, stopping
  myself from cumming quickly, was very necessary. 
 &quot;Is this what you want?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes. Yes Sir. Oh God!&quot; 
 &quot;But you are a married woman!&quot; 
 &quot;It doesn't matter. Oh. Please. It doesn't matter it's you I need Sir.&quot; 
 Her body was responding to me more and more. Her need was obvious on her
  face as she desperately kept her eyes on mine, though they were beginning to
  flutter. Those eyes that were swimming with humiliation and lust, knowing her
  submission. 
 &quot;You may cum when I do, not before.&quot; The ache between my balls
  was getting more and more difficult to control with each thrust into her, tight,
  hot, ridged body. The slapping of our bodies as I took her was loud in the
  room. Soon I couldn't hold it any more. I exploded inside her. Seconds later
  her body convulsed in front of me. The sight of her cumming and the contractions
  of her around my shaft brought more from me as she cried out and jerked her
  head from side to side. 
 I pulled from her after a while, semen dribbling from her as I did. I sat
  in the chair again, my cock resting wetly against my stomach.  
 &quot;Stephanie come here.&quot; I watched as she pulled herself stiffly
  from the desk and stood before me, her face red, her mouth hanging slightly
  open. &quot;I'm going to put you under again."   
&quot;Chocolate cucumber.&quot; She was standing still, looking normal
  but in her trance.  
 You may play with your body as we talk but you must always be aware and
  concentrating on my voice. Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Her fingers cupped her breast and gently caressed them,
  squeezing the nipples gently. Her other hand cupped her mound and pulled the
  combined juices from inside her rubbing them over her lips and clit slowly. 
 &quot;How do you feel about being fucked by me?&quot; 
 &quot;I feel lots of things. I feel humiliated that you watched me and made
  me fuck you but I've never had such a good orgasm before, my body feels so
  satisfied. I feel proud that I have performed for you and that you were excited
  by me sufficiently to cum in me. I feel such a slut for having enjoyed it all
  so much.&quot; 
 &quot;Do you want it to happen again?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes.&quot;  
 &quot;Even though you feel such a slut and felt so humiliated?&quot; 
 &quot;Oh yes. Especially for those reasons.&quot; 
 &quot;Have you ever sucked cock before Stephanie?&quot; 
 &quot;No. Never.&quot; 
 Never?! Not even with your husband?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; 
 &quot;I want you to kneel before me now and clean my cock of your juices
  and my cum. You will enjoy sucking cock. You will always want to clean me with
  your mouth after I have fucked you. Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;Begin now then.&quot; She did, kneeling between my legs. Her mouth
  sucked and licked and kissed my length and balls, she took me deeply inside
  her hot mouth, and she obviously enjoyed it. Eventually I pulled her away from
  me and had her stand. Her fingers went back to playing with herself. She was
  obviously fairly aroused again even though we had fucked only minutes earlier.  
 My cock was stirring but I decided to dress. She remained passive as I did
  so. Then I brought her out of the trance allowing her to remember all that
  was said and all that she had done. I told her to dress and watched voyeuristically
  as she did so. As she was at the outer door, leaving, I stopped her. I knew
  I wanted more. Simple impatience. Even though I would now have her at my disposal
  I was hungry to make use of her, now.  
 &quot;Stephanie, I want you to expose your cunt to me.&quot;  
 She looked slightly shocked, amusing considering what had just passed between
  us, but she complied. She slowly lifted the front of her skirt to reveal her
  underwear. She was biting her lip slightly, then her mouth opened a little
  wider as her breathing changed rhythm. She held the hem high and with her other
  hand tugged down her panties, a little on one side then a little on the other,
  until they were tight around her thighs. The thin damp patch of her pubes showed
  and, just, the used puffy lips of her cunt. 
 &quot;Do you like exposing yourself like this to me, like a slut?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Her face red again, her eyes fixed on the floor. 
 &quot;Before next week I would like you to shave your cunt lips. Not your
  mound, I like your hair there, just the lips so that they show at the time
  I want to see them. Snip it then use conditioner on it, it's easier than foam.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Sir.&quot; Soft quiet. 
 &quot;Now get over Jill's desk. Bend over it. Stick out your butt and spread.&quot; 
 She hobbled over to the desk with the panties tight around her and leant
  over, still with her skirt up around her waist. Her buttocks looked rather
  pleasing. I pulled her panties down her straight legs. Her legs moved further
  apart. I ran my hands over the globes. God it was too much. I undid my trousers
  and took my hardness out. I just fucked her. With cumming earlier and with
  the lubrication of my spunk inside her still I lasted much longer this second
  time. There was something good about fucking her clothed, especially as I was
  doing. She was crying out against the desk as I came. Again I allowed her to
  orgasm as I did. She was good. Her animal like sexual nature came out very
  quickly each time. How her husband could refrain from using her was a mystery
  to me. When she had calmed I slid from her to find her moving without being
  told. She knelt between my legs again and used her mouth on me. She felt so
  good as her mouth pleasured and cleaned me. I could not think of a better use
  for her. 
 &quot;Chocolate cucumber.&quot; She knelt before me. &quot;Stephanie you
  are to return to me every Saturday morning and your purpose is to sexually
  satisfy my needs. I am going to satisfy myself in lots of different ways but
  you must ensure that you do your best to sexually please me. Do you understand
  that?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes I do.&quot; 
 &quot;Remember that you are only to orgasm when given permission by me.
  You will also make sure that you are at my disposal if ever I tell you to meet
  me if I feel the need to use you at times other than Saturdays.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;You will crave to have my cock inside you. You will crave it even
  when you are not with me. You will crave to feel me filling you, to have my
  spunk inside you and to taste my spunk. You will crave those feelings of humiliation
  that you feel when I order you to do something sexual.&quot;   
"Oh yes." 
 &quot;Now Stephanie you may go and clean yourself in the toilet and you
  may then go. I will see you next Saturday.&quot; 
 After I brought out of her trance I returned to my own office and left her
  to depart. 
 The following Saturday she returned. She looked very nice in a thin blouse
  that easily showed her bra and the length of thigh showing had my attention.
  However there was something else. She strode into the office; her body language
  was very assertive. I looked at her with some surprise and concern. 
 &quot;I'm pleased that you have returned Stephanie.&quot; 
 &quot;Well I didn't have much choice did I?&quot; Something was very wrong. 
 &quot;Chocolate cucumber.&quot; I could actually see her body relax in front
  of me. &quot;Why are you acting so assertively, so defensively?&quot; 
 &quot;I'm frightened.&quot; Her voice was completely different to only moments
  before. 
 &quot;What are you frightened of? Are you frightened of me, what I am doing?&quot; 
 &quot;No.&quot; 
 &quot;What is it then?&quot; 
 &quot;It's me that I am frightened of.&quot; 
 &quot;Explain.&quot; 
 &quot;My lust and desire has suddenly overcome me lately. It's so strong.
  I can't think of much else. My desires are so strong that it frightens me.
  I need it so much and I am frightened that you will not want me. I have not
  learnt to frightened men off, to be a bit withdrawn. But with you, you know.
  If I show how much I want you then you will get bored and go for someone else.
  I am frightened that you'll leave me just when I suddenly need more than I
  can get from elsewhere.&quot; 
 &quot;Do you think I am bored?&quot; 
 &quot;Well you fucked me last time, maybe that one time satisfied you and
  you don't want me anymore. You didn't phone. You didn't show me that you did.&quot; 
 I looked at her for some time, surprised by what I had heard. Eventually
  I spoke. 
 &quot;Stephanie, this is an instruction. You will not be afraid of either
  your rising desire or that I will only want you that once. You will realise
  that it is nothing to worry about and not attempt to hide your arousal from
  me. You will be embarrassed about having such strong sexual needs and desires
  but it will not frighten you. Your feelings of humiliation about it will still
  arouse you further. Do you understand? 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;Why did you come here today?&quot;   
"To please you. To be used by you." 
 &quot;How did you hope that would happen?&quot; 
 &quot;I wanted to be stripped and fucked.&quot; 
 &quot;When I bring you out of this you will feel much better and you will
  remember our conversation.&quot; 
 When she was released from her hypnosis she sat and looked at me for a while,
  then her eyes dropped and she looked at her hands in her lap. Eventually I
  told her that she should undress and show me her body. There was quite an amount
  of voyeuristic enjoyment in watching her strip. Her embarrassment was obvious
  which added to the feeling of control that she brought out in me though I knew
  that once any sexual activity began she would begin to loose al her inhibitions.
  I was proved correct. 
 When she stood naked before me I had her separate her thighs, I could see
  that she had carried out her instructions with regard shaving. Her lips showed
  beautifully below her wispy triangle of hair. The slit between them was obvious
  and the lips bulged and wetness showed. This time I made sure I took full opportunity
  to fondle her body with my hands. I felt her give herself as she offered me
  her mouth and my hands roamed freely over her tight heavy breasts and then
  down between her thighs. Her cunt was already very well lubricated, her juices
  covering my hand. Her cunt lips were so smooth under my ministrations and as
  I sunk two fingers slowly inside I felt her muscles grasping and spasming.
  After I had brought her to gasping heights I had her suck my fingers clean
  as I watched the revulsion that was initially obvious on her face turn to something
  far more animalistic. 
 I fucked her on the floor. She eagerly took up position on he hands and
  knees. As we rutted her gasps were interspersed by pleas to be allowed to climax.
  I fucked her holding her hips as my shaft speared deep up inside her body,
  pulling her harshly onto me time and time again. Her language became more basic
  and coarse as I made her describe what was happening, what she was, what she
  wanted. I allowed her to cum before me and though I held her steady with me
  inside her as she screamed out and her body shook her movements as she ground
  against me plus the squeezing of her vagina around me forced me to cum as well.
  After she begged to be allowed to suck me. She was good, she was a good slut
  and an eager one. My cock remained rigid as she sucked me clean and I took
  her now sopping cunt yet again this time with her bent over the desk. 
 Our Saturday routine was set. Each week she would come and give herself.
  Each week her limits would expand and her knowledge of her sluttishness increase.
  She became an enthusiastic and devoted sex toy. During the week I allowed her
  to phone me with a request to be allowed to cum. Only once per week she had
  to strip for at least half an hour and be aware of her nakedness as a purely
  sexual thing before asking permission to masturbate over the phone. I rubbed
  myself happily on the other end of the phone, each time cumming myself.  
 There was one other aspect that began a few weeks later. She sat dressed
  before me after she had just arrived, deep in trance. 
 &quot;Stephanie when I you awaken you will believe that there is another
  man here in the room with us. When you are awake you will do everything I tell
  you even though this man is present. Do you understand?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;I will tell him to fuck you. You will feel everything that you would
  when being fucked Stephanie and you will know that while I have given your
  body to him to use that I am watching you. I will tell you to fuck another
  man for me Stephanie. Will that be a problem having to be used by someone else
  because I am ordering you to do it?&quot;   
&quot;Not if you order me.&quot; 
 &quot;Will it excite you to know that you are doing that for me and that
  I am watching?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, very much. It is something that I shouldn't do but I am being
  made to.&quot; 
 &quot;Good. When it is happening you will feel exactly as if you are truly
  being fucked and you will be able to describe what you are doing and feeling.
  You will not realise that the man is not really there until I tell you that
  he is not. Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;Chocolate cucumber&quot; I brought her out. 
 Suddenly she went bright red and looked guiltily into her lap, occasionally
  looking around surreptitiously.  
 &quot;Stephanie I want you to undress for this man. I want you to let him
  see your body.&quot; 
 &quot;But I don't know him Sir!&quot; 
 &quot;I don't care Stephanie, he's just a man to me. I want you to display
  yourself for this man. I want to be proud of you in your nakedness.&quot; Slowly
  she stood and began undressing for me, and for the fictitious man. Finally
  naked she stood trembling but displayed herself more at my command. Her crinkled
  hard nipples rose and fell noticeably. 
 &quot;Now kneel down on the floor and present yourself nicely so that he
  can fuck you. I am going to give you to him to fuck.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh please! Oh please!&quot; Though she was begging me not to make
  her she complied as though totally willing, finally kneeling on the carpet
  with her back arched and her legs apart, exposing her wide-open cunt to the
  man she believed to be behind her.  
 &quot;Stephanie, he has a big erection and he is going to stick it into
  you. He's been given my permission to use you and he is going to fuck you hard
  and fast. He is going to start when I count to 3. You may cum only when I give
  you permission.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. Thank you Sir.&quot; Her voice barely audible and her head hidden
  behind her hair as she looked toward me and away from her pretend lover.  
 &quot;1, 2, 3.&quot; A groan came from her throat and her body arched as
  she believed a cock was entering her. 
 &quot;Oh God. Oh God. He's nearly as big as you Sir!&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. And remember I am watching. Remember that you are doing this
  because I have control over you sexually. I have haven't I Stephanie?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes! Yes!&quot; I caressed her swaying breasts as they shook with
  her movements and squeezed her pebble like nipples. 
 Her beautiful body continued to grind and push back onto the cock only she
  knew was there. It was obvious that she really believed she was being fucked.
  Her face was full of concentration, strands of hair were beginning to stick
  to her damp face and whimpers and a soft mewling sound were coming from her
  mouth. It was strange yet arousing seeing watching the sight of someone being
  fucked yet with no one else there. 
 I moved in front of her and took out my aching cock. Combing my fingers
  into her hair I lifted her face onto me. She slid down my length and then began
  to convulse as she attempted to restrain her orgasm.  
 &quot;Yes Stephanie you have two cocks in you. Such a naughty slut. You
  have to take both of them don't you?&quot; 
 A strangled noise came from her mouth and her head bobbed desperately. 
 &quot;The other man will cum when I do. You can then cum yourself. Make
  sure you are really trying to pleasure both of us now Stephanie.&quot; 
 Again the bobbing movements and then the exciting hot movements of her mouth
  sucking rhythmically up and down me. It was heaven and I was not going to stop
  myself spurting deep inside her mouth when the moment arrived. Her mouth pressed
  down in time with the perceived thrusting of the cock into her dripping hungry
  cunt. The ache at the base of my cock increased and then overtook me. I was
  vaguely aware of hearing my own loud sigh of pleasure as my hips jerked and
  then pulsed with my seed flowing into her mouth. She gagged a little but then
  controlled herself and her body seemed to tense as she was expecting spunk
  to fill her both ends. I watched as her body stiffened then relaxed into her
  own orgasm, the shaking and muscular spasms almost bringing her mouth from
  me until I held her head down. Muffled screams came from my groin as her orgasm
  hit, gradually dying to soft moans. 
 &quot;He's coming out now Stephanie. Hold still until he has dressed and
  left.&quot; We both stayed as we were, her mouth still on me, the movements
  less pronounced as she sucked me dry, her hips still raised and presented fully
  after her rutting.   
&quot;Chocolate cucumber&quot;.  
 &quot;He's gone now. He's left the office. You can come up.&quot; She
  knelt silently before me.  
 &quot;You will remember being fucked. You will remember your excitement
  at being offered to another man by me. You are happy that I think sufficiently
  of you that I feel confident that you will be a good slut for me that I can
  trust you to pleasure others.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; My sudden concern faded as I realised I had covered a possible
  problem. 
 &quot;On Tuesday evening you will have sex with your husband. You have to
  regardless of whether he feels like it or not. If necessary you are to use
  every device that she could even using your mouth on him if necessary. Your
  husband is to cum inside you as he fucks you but you would have to wait for
  release until you described what happened in detail and have been granted permission.
  Do you understand?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;You are to realise that your husband means nothing to me. I am simply
  instructing you to have sex with another man than me?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;All the time you are seducing him and being fucked you will be aware
  that you are carrying out my instructions and doing it for me again. Having
  sex because I require you to do it. It is happening only because I want you
  to do so and that you have been given to another by me even though he does
  know that himself. You will only have sex with him on the day and at the time
  you are instructed. Is all this clear to you?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 Each week I would instruct her to have sex at a particular time or refrain
  from having sex that week. Each time she was to understand that I was offering
  her body to another. She became so aware of the fact that I could use her even
  when I wasn't even present that she admitted her arousal and frustration when
  being fucked at these times that it was like physical pain. She was far more
  humiliated by this than even having to frig herself off for me over the phone.
  The first time she described seducing and fucking her husband she was sitting
  naked for me. Her thighs began to squeeze together and she rocked on the surface
  of the chair as she described the events. Her need was obvious and building.
  I told her to lean back in the chair and as she did her thighs opened revealing
  her reddened lips covered in her wetness. I allowed her to touch herself as
  she was talking and she did so without thinking to start with, by the time
  she realised it was too late for her, she was begging for release between gasps
  of narrative. She came with my permission as she described how she felt with
  someone's cock inside her, someone that I had told her to fuck. When she stood
  the chair was stained with her considerable leakage's. 
 Eventually I decided to make use of her in the evenings. As she sat dressed
  and ready to leave one morning I put her under again. Her face, as she sat
  there, betrayed none of the animalistic sexual gymnastics that she had so recently
  partaken of moments earlier, other than a flush around her cheeks and throat.  
 &quot;Stephanie I wish you to meet me on Tuesday evening in the multi-storey
  car park near the office. Do you know where that is?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; 
 &quot;I want you to be on the first floor near the west side. You will not
  realise beforehand that you are to meet me though you will have made an excuse
  to your husband previously. 
Part 2 Stephanie's story   
 I had been horny as usual all day. I vaguely remembered times in the past
  when sex wasn't such a large part of my existence. Each day now I would be
  hot and wet thinking about the previous Saturday or the times I had had to
  fuck Andrew, my husband. I still found it difficult to believe that I was such
  a slut in my behaviour with Stephen or Sir as I mostly thought of him. When
  I fucked Andrew for him I still thought of the time that he had watched me
  in his office. Having two cocks in me was amazing; that image and the image
  of Sir watching me do his bidding was such a continual turn on. I realised
  that Sir was hypnotising me of course, that he was behind everything that I
  was becoming but that in itself was so arousing. It was so good being such
  a naughty slut, so fulfilling. I was determined that I should continue to be
  good for him. I couldn't bear to think of him deciding that he had had enough
  of me. What would become of me then? 
 On Tuesday I realised that I must do something. The vague realisation that
  Sir had commanded me under hypnosis was there but I couldn't focus on exactly
  what it was. I knew I was to go out in the evening but not where. Andrew would
  be late home so I left him a note saying I was going out, giving an excuse
  that would satisfy him. I guessed that I would be meeting Sir so I had bought
  some new matching underwear. A front fastening black bra and very brief thong.
  I blushed as I dressed. The clothes that I picked out weren't the classiest
  that I possessed but I wanted to make sure that he had as easy access to my
  body as I could offer him. I covered my underwear in a thin woollen cardigan
  and a skirt with buttons down the front. 
 I drove into town and parked in the multi-storey car park on the second
  floor. I sat there for a few moments not understanding why I was there but
  aware that Sir had probably had me come here to meet him though it was something
  new to meet him outside his office. My lack of real understanding of what I
  was doing and why didn't worry me for some strange reason. 
 Suddenly Sir's car pulled into the space next to mine. Immediately I saw
  him I felt myself flush and become excited that he wanted to see me and possibly
  more. I locked my car and climbed in beside him. He smiled at me and I leant
  over and kissed him, the warmth of his lips sending shudders running down my
  spine. 
 &quot;Hello Sir. I thought the reason for me being here was you.&quot; I
  grinned at him. 
 He grinned back. &quot;Yes Stephanie I thought you would guess. Turn and
  face me I want to hypnotise you again.&quot; My insides turned to jelly at
  his words. 
 Suddenly I was aware of him driving the car out of the car park. I remembered
  that I was to be hypnotised but had no memory of what he had said. Sometimes
  I did, sometimes I didn't. It was like that. I accepted it. We drove out of
  town. Before long we were on the motorway and at stopped at the entrance to
  a car park next door to a service station. It wasn't part of the service station
  car park but a separate one. He told me to get out and sit in the back. It
  felt strange being in the back as he drove fully into the car park. We passed
  a few cars near the entrance and then we pulled into the car park proper. Inside
  there were about four cars all widely spaced and each had people standing around
  outside them. We parked a distance from all of them and Sir got out and sat
  in the back with me. So this was what he wanted. My body had hoped for something
  like this, I was so ready, I wanted him so much, his hands, his cock. Oh God
  yes! 
 After shutting the door he took me in his arms. I felt his lips run over
  my ears and held him tight before relaxing into his body and kissing him full
  on the lips. I felt my body heating up as my lips parted and he took my mouth
  with his tongue. I was swooning, I loved him kissing me, his kisses were so
  different to Andrew's. He pulled away from and looked at me. Suddenly I noticed
  a movement behind him out of the window! There were a couple of men outside
  looking in. I cried out and held Sir tight. 
  
&quot;There ... there are men outside!&quot; 
 &quot;Yes I guess so. Look there are two behind you as well.&quot;   
I turned to see two more leering in behind me too. I felt myself shaking
  with anxiety. Would they be dangerous? &quot;We'll have to go somewhere else.&quot; 
 &quot;No this will be fine.&quot; He pulled my mouth to his and we kissed
  again. Suddenly I felt his hand on the outside of my cardigan at my breast.
  I went to take it away but my hand simply covered his and instead of removing
  it I held and squeezed it on me. It felt wicked allowing him to do this whilst
  being watched. He continued to kiss me and my insides were melting. He put
  the hand covering his around his neck then I began to realise that he was undoing
  my buttons. I squirmed under him as this was going on and then I felt the coolness
  of his hand on the upper slopes of my breast. It felt so good, but there were
  people!  
 Gradually his kisses and gentle fondling had their effect, I couldn't fully
  concentrate and the importance of the men watching lessened in importance.
  His hand left my breast and slowly moved my cardigan over my shoulders. My
  apprehension returned as I knew my bra was now showing clearly in the half
  light inside the car, but he continued and the wickedness returned to fuel
  my rising arousal. He slid the cardigan down even further trapping my arms
  behind me causing my breasts to thrust forward. I felt bound, felt unable to
  resist. 
 &quot;I think they will be excited by the sight of your breasts Stephanie.&quot; 
 &quot;Oh God. Please.&quot; My nipples hardened more, aching now. I remembered
  being given to a man by Sir. Having to undress for him. This was the same though
  worse. They were just watching.   
The straps were eased down over my shoulders and then his fingers
  found and opened the front clasp. I felt the material slide off them as I looked
  up into his eyes. My nipples were puckering more in the coolness of the inside
  of the car and I could imagine the sight to those outside. His fingers took
  them and it didn't matter as much, his hands kneading my sensitive breasts.
  The skin felt taut as though the breasts were enlarged inside it. My arousal
  was soaring and he pinched my nipples as he kissed me. My breasts were bare
  and displayed. I was being fondled in front of people. I wasn't trying to escape.
  I was in fact eager! How much of it was me? How much ordained in hypnosis?
  Sometimes I could tell that my actions had been imprinted, doing things that
  I would obviously not and feeling it, but at others, even when doing things
  I would never have done it still felt right somehow. I stole a glimpse at the
  faces outside. The men looked hungry. I shuddered and then I wanted them to
  feast on me, on my body. I thought of their cocks, hard cocks. I thought of
  them hard because of me, of my tits. My back arched, pushing them out, more
obvious for them. I felt my vagina fill. 
 Within my fluttering consciousness I became aware that his hand had moved
  from my breasts and I felt it on my thigh. It slid up the inside, rucking up
  my skirt with it until I knew the full length of my thighs were on view. For
  a moment fear gripped me again. I leant my side into Sir, though still not
  hiding my flesh. His fingers touched me through my panties and I jerked uncontrollably
  as they began teasing my covered cunt hidden under my skirt still. My breasts
  were on display and it was obvious to all these dirty men that I was being
  fingered over my panties. I was gasping into Sir's mouth as we kissed again.
  I was told to free my arms. I did so and then he had me unfasten my skirt.
  It was physically difficult but it wasn't something I could not do. I knew
  that even if I refused he could hypnotise me and make me. He could make me
  do anything he wanted! But that wasn't the biggest reason; I wanted these hungry
  men to see me. I undid the buttons as I felt his fingers move under my panties
  now and touch the flesh without any obstruction my eyes closed and I sighed.
  I was so hot, so hot. He had my panties around my knees and I was naked now
  my bra had come off fully. I was naked for him to use and the men to see. My
  face was burning but my cunt was so needy. I had to let him, I couldn't bare
  for him to stop just now. I stole another glance at the men leering in through
  the window and I thought I was going to cum right then. Their eyes didn't meet
  mine but were focused on my tits and cunt. That's what they wanted, that's
  what I wanted them to see. My cunt was so wet! I looked down and saw my thighs
  spread without my knickers confining them. I had no idea of them coming off
  nor of my opening wide for his fingers. Fingers were sliding so obviously inside
  me. I was throbbing and throbbing with need with each movement. His fingers
  glistened in the dim light, everyone staring at them. I couldn't believe the
  performance I was giving. I was so proud that Sir thought my body exciting
  enough to share with these strangers. Naked, laying back, thrusting up onto
  those wonderfully arousing fingers. Then I groaned as his hand left me. 
 &quot;Open my trousers, take me out. Suck me. Show them what you can do.&quot; There
  was a ringing in my ears as I fumbled with his fastenings. I felt him lift
  and pull then down further. He was so hard and hot. His cock was superb, so
  beautiful, so demanding of me, my prime user. I leant over kissing it, but
  he made me kneel on the seat. It was so awful, so humiliating, so exhilarating,
  as my mouth enveloped his manhood my bottom was raised high for the men outside.
  They would see the bulge of my lips so near to them. I knew I was really wet,
  they would see my juices glistening. His cock was wonderful inside my mouth
  as I sucked it deep feeling it possessing me. His hand snaked below me, pushing
  one thigh off the seat. My mouth bobbing up and down on his meat as it filled
  me. One foot was on the floor now, I was spread, open, exhibited to those strangers
  with such hard cocks outside. My concentration was gone, my thoughts rebounding
  from one sexual thing to the next relentlessly. My body out of my own control. 
 &quot;I think they like seeing you. Seeing that dripping cunt and eager
  mouth. Don't you?&quot; Again I bobbed my head on him as I tried to mouth the
  words around his thick cock. &quot;Touch yourself. Make yourself cum.&quot; 
 Thankfully my head was hidden as I did as I was ordered but I never considered
  not doing it. My pubic area was wet, my fingers slid over me and then into
  me. I used the wetness, lubricated my clit, fingers stiff as I rubbed myself
  frantically. All the time thinking of the men inches away, watching this lewdness.
  I came. My body convulsed, my mouth had to slip off him, juices soaked me.
  What had I done?  
 In a stupor I felt him moving me, awkward in the back of the car. I was
  over him, straddling his legs, opened. My fingers found him, found that wonderful
  cock and I slid down its length, tears dripped down my cheeks as I groaned
  in delight. I had to hold the seat behind me making sure that I was exhibiting
  myself. My tits thrusts forward, my legs splayed showing his cock entering
  and sliding out as I moved desperately up and down that hard flesh, so glad
  it was inside my body, going so deep within me, possessing me. He allowed me
  to cum when I wanted. I became mad in my desires. I came over and over. His
  hands touched me, fondled, and squeezed my tits as I bounced up and down on
  him. Once his fingers slid between us and touched my clit sending me spinning
  again. Oh God the men! It didn't matter. Nothing mattered except being fucked.
  I wanted them to see me used by Sir. The car was full of noise now, grunts
  and cries and whimpers, mine. Jerking on him, thrusting out, displaying, wanting,
  wanting. Within my own noise I heard the deep groan from him that signalled
  his own orgasm. It triggered one final tearing orgasm in me. I slumped against
  him, feeling wetness leak from me, hearing my blood pumping, feeling his hard
  body hot through his shirt. My body pulsed with sensation as I half lay not
  wanting to move.   
Finally I was lifted from him, not wanting it. Then I took his cock
  again into my mouth, sucking our juices, tasting the earthiness of his semen
  and the tanginess of my own spendings. So tired but satisfied to hold him and
  clean him. Pulled of I sat spread, passively allowing his fingers to take his
  semen on his fingers to my mouth, hungry for his seed still. Finally I cleaned
  myself with tissues as he watched. Only one man remained outside now behind
  slightly misted windows. Sir was dressed again by the time I had finished.
  I was also allowed to dress and sometime during the next few minutes the remaining
  man disappeared into the night. 
 We drove away. Both of us silent but content inside the car as twilight
  set in. Nearing our town Sir stopped the car in a small secluded side road.
  I looked at him and I knew he wanted me again. I felt myself shudder with excitement
  and my chest tighten. He opened his door and came round my side and took me
  out. Without words being spoken he turned me and bent me at the waist, with
  my hands on the car and my legs spread. My skirt was lifted. He wanted more.
  He wanted my body again. Outside. Here by the road. My panties were pulled
  down to my knees and I could feel further leakings from my cunt. My breathing
  was deep as I waited, my breasts hanging beneath me. Suddenly he thrust into
  me. It was easy, I was easy. Then he surprised me and came out after only a
  couple of thrusts. I felt his hands part my buttocks, opening me further. I
  felt his cock against my anus! Oh God! No! He pushed and it slid off. Please
  God no! Again he tried to enter me there but I was too tense for him. After
  a few tries he had me stand and face him again. I had a feeling he had put
  me under. I felt relaxed. I was aroused. I wanted him to fully use me. Make
  use of me in every way. He had used my cunt and mouth. My bottom was virgin,
  no one else had used me there, I wanted to feel that he had possession of me
  everywhere. I wanted to know that I was fully his. It was wicked but it didn't
  matter. I needed to feel that I was totally his. 
 I was turned and resumed my previous position, kicking my panties away.
  He sank deep into my sopping cunt and then his palms spread me. Oh God yes.
  I knew myself relaxing as I felt the heat of his cock rub against me, against
  my virgin opening. I was still a little tight but my muscles had stopped contracting.
  His smooth knob pushed slowly but firmly and I pushed back onto myself onto
  him. My head arched up and my mouth opened as I held my breath forcing his
  member into me. His knob pushed through and we both stopped a moment. My breath
  came out in a deep animal sigh. I could feel him pushing deeper, stretching
  my anal ring around the thickness of his slippery cock, deeper and deeper.
  It hurt, it was uncomfortable but I adjusted to him, feeling my body now totally
  stuffed by him. It was as though he had his arm inside me, I felt totally servile
  as I accepted what felt like a huge invasion of him inside me. I felt myself
  shaking as he began to move in and out, the pain and discomfort changing to
  something far more earthy, debauched and stirring. Oh God I wanted him to take
  me. His hand cupped my sex, rubbed me as he rode me. I felt him rub his cock
  through my inner thin membranes. His finger ground over my clit as he powered
  in and out slowly, the ring of my opening running up and down his length. I

  was being buggered. I was just a collection of orifices. I wanted this. The
  stinging in my anus changed from burning to a more acceptable throbbing. Suddenly
  arousal hit me as I thought of what was being done to me. My bra was too tight
  as I leant over and gasped for air. My hips were controlled by the rhythm of
  his cock. Orgasm was rushing at me like a runaway bus. He came in me, I could
  feel it differently to when he came in my cunt. A hand managed to cover my
  mouth as I screamed and shook beneath him. 
 After that evening I couldn't believe what I had done but the thoughts always
  left me longing for more. For days I could feel the stinging in my bottom.
  Each time the feelings of being possessed fully swept over me. Now I had given
  myself fully, in every way in every hole, privately and publicly. There was
  nothing I had not given him. He had my mouth, my cunt, my mind and now my bottom.
  He had shown others that he possessed me. I was owned. 
 I began to notice men furtively looking at me far more. It embarrassed me
  and I couldn't keep from looking down instead of keeping the proud fa&ccedil;ade
  that I normally could hold. Nor did I do anything to stop them; rather I allowed
  their looks of appraisal without hiding myself or turning away. In the house
  I wore less and less even when I knew I wasn't allowed release, when out I
  kept buttons loose that I wouldn't have done, even occasionally not wearing
  a bra. I loved the caresses of men's looks and my nipples and juices would
  respond every time. At home I wanted to be naked, to be aware of my sexuality
  on display.  
 At the weekend it was raining and I drove to our Saturday meeting with no
  clothing whatsoever under my Mac other than a suspender belt and stockings!
  He laughed and called me a perfect slut. I felt so proud. Master used all my
  openings again and I was left exhausted, sore and fulfilled. 
 The following week I found myself shopping for a new black dress, new underwear
  and hold up stockings. The dress was silk, simple and classy but when I stood
  looking at myself in only my stockings and underwear I knew that Sir would
  be happy with the sight of me. I looked like some sexy classy whore. In the
  afternoon I bathed and shaved my cunt lips. Later I put up my hair. I spent
  a long time ensuring that I looked perfect. I put on my new clothes, checked
  myself out, worrying about small imperfections. Andrew hadn't arrived back
  as he was working late so I left a note for him again telling him that I would
  be late and not wait up. Andrew had become much more passive and accepting
  as I had begun to carry out Sir's commands and dictate the sexual activities
  to him. It was almost as if he wanted to renounce any control he once had over
  me. 
 I met Sir in the car park again. When I got into the passenger seat he told
  me that he was going to hypnotise me again which sent shivers of excitement
  down my spine again. . After I was unsure whether he had or not but I certainly
  felt aroused and relaxed. We drove in his car but I was uncertain where we
  actually were even though it was only a few minutes from the car park. I hadn't
  really been able to concentrate. We parked on the road by a house and he led
  me up to the door.  
 I had no idea why we were there or where we were. Nor when the door was
  opened by a middle aged man could I recognise him either. Sir took my arm and
  we followed the man into a large lounge. As I looked around I saw two sofas
  and two armchairs facing an empty fireplace. There were four men present other
  than Sir. One was perhaps younger than him, the rest older. Strangers. All
  wore suits most had drinks. I was led over to the fireplace and stood facing
  the men as Sir moved and sat on the arm of a sofa. They all looked at me, assessing.
  I knew they were assessing me sexually. I wanted to close my eyes and hide
  but found that I couldn't. I could blink normally but I had to see them, allow
  them access into me through my eyes.   
One of the men spoke. A deep voice, a voice of command. 
 &quot;Why are you here child?&quot; 
 &quot;My Master is offering me to you. To satisfy your needs by your use
  of me.&quot; It was like a trigger. The words simply came out without conscious
  thought yet I knew the profound truth in them. I felt myself trembling and
  my eyes searched for Sir. He nodded comfortingly and my trembling ceased and
  I was very aware of the deep throbbing of my sex. My mouth was dry and my breathing
  coming fast. 
 &quot;You are content to be offered such?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes. I am.&quot; Suddenly I felt relaxed. I felt like a queen. My
  sexuality reigned supreme. I was my body, my needs, a sexual object. Nothing
  else about me mattered. Sir and these men would allow me to be what I desired.
  They would know how to treat me, what I needed. They would satisfy me. 
 The man who had spoken gestured to another and this man rose and stood behind
  me. I found Sir's eyes again. Feeling so humiliated that they all knew me for
  what I was, I was caught on his eyes. As I licked my dry lips I felt a hand
  at my back, the zipper being undone down my spine. I knew I couldn't move.
  Only to assist, only when commanded. I felt the material of the dress slide
  a little against me, the cooler air on my back. The dress was slipped from
  my shoulders and fell down me in a slow motion descent until it fell from my
  thighs around my feet. I knew what they could see, the image of checking myself
  in the mirror strong. My skin was hot and moist. The eyes of the men ran over
  my body. My breasts ached and my sex throbbed, breath came in and out of my
  mouth quickly, raising my breasts. A whore, nothing but a whore. I noticed
  a couple of the men taking off jackets. 
 Again the touch at my back. My bra skilfully undone. The feeling of constriction
  in my breasts released. Suddenly cool hands on the undersides of my breasts,
  sliding over my skin and lifting and removing the flimsy material. I leant
  back against the body there. It fell to my feet to join my dress. Fingers squeezing
  my nipples to make them even more erect. Squeezing quite painfully until they
  elicited a sigh from my mouth. Eyes looking at me, at my excited tits, at my
  body, at the offering I was for them. The hunger was there. I noticed erections.
  Erections because of me. My stomach muscles tensed as I felt the hands slide
  down my body. The thin string of my panties pulled over my hips, just down
  the tops of my thighs, pulling unwillingly away from my wet cunt. His fingers
  roughly parted me, entered me as I whimpered, held. The fingers were removed,
  covered in my lubrication, held up for inspection, wiped across my stomach.
  His hands took my lips and spread them wide, opening up the insides of my cunt
  for them. I couldn't see what they could see but I knew. Displayed openly now.
  Eyes feasting. Knew what they could see.  
 &quot;Slut. You like being exhibited don't you?&quot; 
 &quot;Yes.&quot; The shame. The excruciating arousal.  
 I was turned. My buttocks to the room as I looked up at the man's face.
  Pressure on my shoulders. A soft command. I bent from the waist. Watched him
  extract his cock from his trousers. Smelt the maleness, felt the heat of it,
  saw the veins throbbing. My buttocks now thrust high, legs parted as far as
  the panties would allow. Fingers in my hair pulling me lower. His hardness
  slipping into my mouth. Sir could see. My actions, my body. My mouth stretch
  over this strange cock. Knowing the obvious bulging of my sex could be seen
  behind me. Hands on my buttocks, different ones. The panties were snapped releasing
  my legs to widen further. Two fingers entered me. The second set of fingers
  in me within minutes. Slut. The cock in my mouth forced down my throat until
  tears came from my eyes, whilst fingers slurped disgustingly in my wetness.
  My mouth and vagina sucking the intrusions wantonly now. The fingers were retracted,
  a cock replacing them, entered my body. Panic for a second or too as I had
  two cocks plundering, controlling me again. Finding a rhythm for them. My nipples
  squeezed, not knowing who by. Semen exploded in my mouth. The cock pulled out,
  embarrassing myself by attempting to follow it to keep it within. Onto my knees
  without the man behind releasing me from his cock. Spunk on my mouth, dribbling.
  Rutted until I was about to cum, suddenly knowing that I was allowed. I could
  hear my cries as from afar, my body held so as not to interrupt his lancing.
  Breasts rubbing over the carpet. Liquids dribbling from me. The thick manhood
  withdrawn. Turned over onto my back. Naked knees into view before my face,
  my hair taken again to direct me to another proud erection. Gagging again initially,
  sucking joyfully on it. Vaginal mouth. My legs lifted, buttocks placed on other
  bare knees hidden from me. Entered again. Used. Fucked. Rutted. My body exploding
  and again. Feeling the pressures of the onslaught moving my body. Eager, not
  wanting to be left empty. Swallowing more spunk, a slightly different taste
  I noticed in a moment of calm. My cunt released too. Moaning. Hearing myself
  begging. What for? Turned again. Kneeling up. Bitch. Their bitch on heat. Semen
  taken and smeared over my anus. Fingers spreading the lubricant inside too.
  Grunting as I was invaded there by hard flesh too. Filled so full, stretch,
  some pain but enjoying it. Hands on me from both sides. Hands on my body everywhere.
  Explosions rocking me. Desperate. Exhausted, wanting more. Hot spurtings and
  another buggering me. On and on. Turned this way and that. Fucked here, there,
  everywhere. 
 At one point I saw Sir next to me, looking at me, watching a man using my
  body. He was naked. He smiled at me. An orgasm crashed through my frail body
  as he held my eyes. 
 Eventually I was aware that I was kneeling on the carpet on hands and knees
  without having been used for a while. My face rested against the pile of the
  carpet as my hips were still thrust up for use. My hair had fallen; it was
  stuck to my face with sweat. I could hear movements behind me but didn't move.
  I was exhausted. I stayed in that position breathing and resting as I felt
  globules of spunk sliding down my thighs to my stockings from both cunt and
  arse. My mouth ached, my stretched bottom stung, my bloated cunt felt tender.
  I didn't know if I could stand, would my legs obey me? My body so strummed
  with satisfaction that tears collected in my eyes.  
 Soon I knew I would have to stand and face these men who I had been given
  to by Sir. Soon I knew I would have to stand naked, dishevelled and coated
  in their spendings before them. I would have to see their eyes on me again
  as they sat dressed again. I knew I would stand and thank them, thank Sir.
  I knew that this was what I craved. I knew that I would need Sir to use me
and offer me again soon. Slut. Oh yes. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  emma_sub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





