BDSM Library - Ghost of Bledgemoor Hall




Ghost of Bledgemoor Hall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Veronica is forced to take a post at Bledgemoor Hall where she frees the spirit of a girl that had similarly been forced to become a servant there over two hundred years previously. She soon finds life was much harsher then than now.Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005 The Ghost of Bledgemoor Hall   
by obohobo  
Chapter 1. New maid at the hall   
An all-encompassing weariness overcame Rebecca. Slowly she trekked along
  the narrow path, head down against the biting wind and driving sleet. Pulling
  her inadequate shawl more tightly around her shoulders, she stumbled on for
  a few more paces. The low stone walls gave little protection to the lightly
  clad woman. In any case her clothes were soaked through from the icy torrential
  rain that had fallen for the last few hours. Mid December was certainly not
  the best time of year to be homeless and wandering the moors. The violent shivering
  she'd experienced for the past hour had eased somewhat but now she just felt
  so tired that each step was a mammoth feat. &quot;I can't go any further,&quot; she
  told herself, &quot;Bledgemoor Hall is still nearly a mile and I don't know
  what sort of reception I'll get even if I make it to there. Perhaps if I see
  Master James, he will take pity on me. I'll just sit down close to the wall
  and rest. Whatever happens then is in God's hands.&quot; Rebecca knew sitting
  down and dozing might well mean she would not wake again but by now she was
  past caring. As long as no one from the prison came and found her before she
  made it to the Hall.  
Long minutes passed. Rebecca noticed through half opened eyes, that the latest
  squall had ceased as suddenly as it had begun. &quot;I should move. I should
  move. I should move.&quot; Repeating these words almost as a mantra, Rebecca
  finally persuaded her lethargic body to its feet and once more began to plod
  along the slippery grass lane. The shivers recommenced. Every step took an
  immense amount of energy, sapping the very small amount of reserves her body
  had. She'd been on the run for nearly a week and had little to eat in that
  time. After what seemed like hours and with darkness falling, the gates of
  Bledgemoor Hall appeared. &quot;Is that bitch of a housekeeper still there?&quot; she
  asked herself, &quot;And will she even help me? Will they tell James? Surely
  even she wouldn't be so cruel to turn me away on a night like this? No James
  loved her and they had lied to him.&quot;  
Shuffling and stumbling on the gravel drive, Rebecca made her way to the
  familiar servant's entrance. Using the last of her energy she raised the knocker
  twice and let it fall. Several minutes later Mrs. Simmons opened the big oak
  door. It was too late. Rebecca fell seemingly lifeless into the hallway.  
&quot;Reggie!&quot; Freida Simmons screamed for her husband, &quot;What are
  we going to do with this Becky creature? The master's guests will start arriving
  soon. He'll turn us out if he finds she's been back here and we let her in.&quot;  
&quot;What the hell, Frieda! How did she...?&quot; Reggie paused, taking
  in the situation and checking to see if Rebecca was really dead. He could not
  feel any pulse. &quot;I'll get Harry. We'll put her in a shed somewhere until
  we can get her out of the way.&quot;  
Harry, the old gardener after some deliberation, brought his wooden barrow
  and together they put the lifeless girl in and took her to the old carriage
  shed. Since the new and more grandiose housing for the stately carriage had
  been built, the old one served as a store for larger unwanted pieces of furniture
  and other items too good to throw away and yet surplus to requirements or unsuited
  to the present decor of the house. Entering by the little used back door, Harry
  opened a wooden chest and carefully lifted the body. With a tear in his eye
  he murmured, &quot;Sorry Miss Becky. I knows you can't feel anything now but
  you deserved a better end than this. God knows that. You ain't even goin' to
  get a proper burial.&quot; Placing Rebecca in the chest and covering her with
  the clothing that was already there, he reverently closed and fastened the
  lid again. &quot;Not a proper coffin Becky but at least you'll have some clothes
  around you. Clothes you could have done with earlier.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;Veronica! Get yourself in here girl! Brush my hair. I don't pay you
  to laze around drinking coffee, do I?&quot; The tall, middle aged woman shouted
  imperiously through the open bedroom door.  
&quot;No, ma'am,&quot; Veronica answered quietly. &quot;Sorry ma'am. It's
  just that this old place is so big and everything seems to take longer than
  in the town house.&quot;  
&quot;Well we've been here three days so you should be getting used to it
  by now. I'll not accept that as an excuse any longer. You know what I promised
  your father when I agreed to take you on. He was most concerned you didn't
  become a lazy slut now your mother has gone and there was no one to discipline
  you.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, ma'am. I'll do my best ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sure you will. Now brush my hair and don't pull the knots or you'll
  feel the brush on your backside.&quot;  
Veronica had known the woman, a Mrs. Gloria Hopkins, for only two weeks.
  Her father, a jobbing carpenter, frequently worked on Gloria's Harrogate home
  and spoke highly of her. In the course of a lunchtime break conversation, he'd
  mentioned seventeen year old Veronica and the problems he thought he might
  have with her in the next few years and the strain of just coping with his
  wife's death. &quot;Since her mother died, she just wants to sit around and
  do nothing but read or lay abed till late.&quot;  
&quot;I fully understand, Mr. Markham, and maybe I can help and help myself
  too,&quot; Mrs. Hopkins replied, &quot;As you know, I've had a succession of
  agency temporary helps. Why not ask Veronica if she will work for me? Help
  here for the first week and then live in Bledgemoor Hall when I move. I can
  also look after the discipline problems you seem so concerned about and certainly
  there will be more than enough to do settling into a new home, especially one
  as large as the Hall. A change of scenery may help to break her lethargy too.&quot; Jim
  Markham didn't need much convincing and virtually forced his daughter to take
  the job. For the first week, she had lived at home and worked 9 - 5 at the
  house, much of the time packing Mrs. Hopkins' personal stuff ready for the
  move and in the evenings, packing her own stuff. She knew Bledgemoor Hall was
  pretty isolated but a village had grown up some two miles down the valley and
  there was a twice-daily bus to Leeds from there.  
On the last day, a removal firm cleared everything from the house and spent
  two days at the hall unpacking and arranging things to Mrs. Hopkins satisfaction.
  Veronica's work too had been tiring and this morning she'd overslept but she'd
  made up most of the time by downing her cereal while dressing and was trying
  to snatch a few mouthfuls of coffee when her employer called.  
Now somewhat embarrassed, Veronica stood behind the woman and carefully brushed
  her long auburn hair. The image in the large, ornately gilded mirror showed
  a woman as near naked as made no difference. Her filmy baby-doll nightdress
  although actually covering her breasts, was so sheer the nipples and aureoles
  showed distinctly. Veronica tried not to look at them and tried to avert her
  eyes from where Gloria's pubic hair was visible at the Vee of her thighs. She
  wondered at the audacity of the woman, now past her prime, showing herself
  to a young girl. Until this morning she had worn a robe when Veronica attended
  her. &quot;You've seen women naked before surely,&quot; Gloria commented, &quot;Don't
  be afraid to look girl. You'll see more when you have to bathe me.&quot;  
Veronica blushed scarlet. &quot;Only in the showers at school ma'am. I didn't
  know... expect to have to bathe you.&quot;  
&quot;Of course you have to. That's what a personal maid does. You'll see
  me naked often enough and I expect I will see you too, soon if you don't get
  on with doing my hair. When I discipline a girl she has to take it completely
  on the bare bottom.&quot;  
&quot;Oh no. You wouldn't... Surely not when the girl is as old as I am.&quot; The
  thought both appalled and yet somewhat excited Veronica.  
Gloria stood suddenly. &quot;So you are already telling me what I can and
  cannot do. We'll see. I want you completely undressed this minute ready to
  take your punishment.&quot;  
&quot;No, no, please. You can't...&quot;  
&quot;I can and I will.&quot; Gloria's voice had an icy authoritative tone
  to it. &quot;If you don't do it voluntarily either you find your own way home
  or I'll wait for our gardener, Henry, to come in and he'll help to hold you.
  I'm sure he won't mind having his dirty hands on a naked girl while I do the
  necessary and I'm sure he'll want to have a turn when I tire. Make up your
  mind and quickly. You have the choice. Undressing now, running home, or staying
  until Henry turns up.&quot;  
For Veronica there really wasn't a choice. By the time she'd collected her
  stuff together and walked to the village, the morning bus would have left and
  undressing in front of the gardener was unthinkable. Not only that, she'd have
  to face her father's wrath if she went home. Tearfully and slowly she started
  removing her garments. &quot;Face me,&quot; Gloria instructed, &quot;I want
  to see the body I am going to hold and punish.&quot; As the young flesh was
  revealed so Gloria became more aroused. Her vagina flooded wet with anticipation. &quot;Yes,&quot; she
  said to herself, &quot;I'm going to have a good time training this one. She
  hasn't put up much of a fight so far. If she'd been feisty she would have fought
  me tooth and nail and accused me of sexual harassment and abuse.&quot; Indeed
  Veronica put up very little resistance when Gloria picked up the hairbrush
  and led her to the bed.  
&quot;Please ma'am, don't hit me too hard with that. Mother only ever used
  her hand and always I had knickers on and the last time was years ago,&quot; Veronica
  pleaded.  
Gloria ignored her and sitting on the side of the bed commanded, &quot;Lie
  across my lap, head on the left hand side.&quot; Veronica flinched as she felt
  her pubic mound touch the warmth of her employer's thighs but the sensation
  was pleasant or would have been if she wasn't so worried about the spanking
  she was to receive. The first stroke of the hairbrush left her in no doubt
  that Gloria wasn't going easy. The wooden back cracked down hard on her right
  cheek, momentarily flattening it and sending a jolt of pain through Veronica
  body. Seconds later her left buttock suffered the same fate. Veronica cried
  out and squirmed but it was all to no avail. Twenty strokes to each globe later
  and Veronica was a sobbing pleading wreck. Her arse was on fire. Gloria held
  her still for a while and then slowly started to massage the tender flesh.
  Gradually her hands made their way between Veronica's thighs and onto her sex.
  Veronica was wet. Very wet. &quot;I was right about this one,&quot; Gloria
  said to herself. Out loud she said, &quot;Go and run a bath, I need to wash
  the sweat off me. No. No need to put your clothes on, you can bathe your bum
  afterwards.&quot;  
Gloria insisted her maid not only wash her back but also to take time and
  trouble with her breasts and between her legs. Blushing most of the time, Veronica
  did as ordered. Although embarrassed, she knew her own vagina was dripping
  wet. Drying those places was worse. She had to kneel with her head between
  the woman's open legs and carefully dry the labial lips inside and out. Never
  before had she been so close to another woman's vagina. She could see every
  hair and smell the slight aroma that came through above the scent of the bath
  salts. Knowing her own juices were flowing hard she prayed she would soon be
  able to get in the bath herself and wash some of her own smells away. It was
  not to be. &quot;Stand up Veronica. Open your legs.&quot; Gloria felt her cunt. &quot;So
  washing me has made you horny, you little minx?&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry ma'am. I don't know what came over me.&quot;  
&quot;Of course you do. Playing with my tits and cunnie, sexually stimulated
  you especially after you had your arse nicely warmed.&quot; Gloria used crude
  terms to further excite her charge.  
&quot;I'm sorry ma'am,&quot; Veronica repeated.  
&quot;No you're not and I'm not. It means I shall have no compunction about
  punishing you in future and I will look forward to our bathing sessions. Now
  get into the tub yourself and make sure you clean yourself thoroughly.&quot;  
Nothing untoward happened for the rest of the day. Gloria worked alongside
  Veronica cleaning and trying to make the main living rooms more habitable.
  As it had for the previous two days, in the evening, Veronica's role as maid
  changed to one of companion, and the pair sat in front of the fire with a glass
  of wine and chatting as though the morning's incident hadn't occurred. Veronica's
  bottom remembered. Every time she tried to move her muscles reminded her. &quot;Gloria?&quot; Veronica
  started, &quot;I know you inherited this house from your late husband's mother
  but I don't understand why you wanted to come and live here. Why did you give
  up your nice town house? I know this is bigger and was once a grandiose place
  but now it's kind of decrepit.&quot;  
&quot;I really don't know myself, dear. I think it was the challenge. The
  fact that it was different and when we get more of the house cleaned and parts
  modernised, there'll be space to have my friends over. It's got character.
  The town house was much the same as every other town house. Don't you like
  this place?&quot;  
&quot;It's spooky. I feel I am being watched all the time. I miss my own
  little bedroom and the road noise. Never thought I'd miss that. Here it's so
  quiet except for all the creaks from the doors and floorboards.... And the
  owls at night. It's eerie.&quot; A tear formed at the corner of her eye.  
&quot;Come here dear. It'll get better when the cleaners have been in and
  the kitchen is re-done. Come here.&quot; Gloria pulled her on to her lap and
  gave her a hug. Veronica winced as her bottom sat rather hard on Gloria's legs. &quot;I
  think you'd better get the aloe-vera cream from my bathroom. It will soothe
  that bottom of yours a little and it has been tender for long enough for this
  time.&quot; When Veronica returned with the cream and was once again lying
  bare bummed over Gloria lap, she succumbed to the gentle buttock massage as
  Gloria worked the cream gently into the reddened skin and continued between
  her legs until she openly masturbated the recumbent girl.  
&quot;Gloria?&quot; Veronica hesitated, &quot;Gloria, are you a woman...?
  Do you like women? Are you a....?&quot;  
&quot;Finish your sentences girl.&quot; Gloria gave her a playful slap.  
&quot;Are you a lesbian?&quot; Finally the word came out.  
&quot;Not strictly speaking. More bisexual. I like sex with men as well as
  women. And if your next question is, 'do I want to have sex with you', the
  answer is, yes. From what I can feel of the wetness in your cunnie, you want
  it too. Have you had sex with a man or a woman Veronica?&quot;  
Veronica shook her head. &quot;Neither,&quot; she whispered.  
&quot;Well with a woman there is no fear of pregnancy and there is plenty
  of pleasure although it lacks the feel of being penetrated by a warm throbbing
  cock. You will sleep with me tonight and find out first hand. Nothing will
  be forced on you. All you will have to do is relax and enjoy.&quot;  
Chapter 2. Bought for a florin   
Two weeks passed. Most nights were spent in Gloria's bed and making passionate
  lesbian love. At the beginning of the week Gloria took her to a clinic in Leeds
  to get a prescription for contraceptive pills 'just in case one of the builders
  and electricians took a fancy to her'. Twice she had been spanked but each
  time it was only a bare hand spanking and nothing like as severe as the first
  one. Nevertheless it had made her bottom smart, her cunt tingle and her eyes
  to weep even though she tried to be brave.  
Inside the house modernisation was going on apace. At the moment it was the
  electrician rewiring the whole place and as is the way when electricians are
  working, every room was a shambles. Floorboards were up; wires hung out of
  holes in the wall and coils of temporary cables festooned the ceilings. Veronica
  tried to keep out of the way as much as possible and in doing began exploring
  some of the outbuildings. One in particular seemed to draw her however much
  she resisted entering it. &quot;Henry, what is in these buildings?&quot; she
  asked the gardener.  
&quot;Not much of any use Miss. The larger one has some old farm machinery
  in that hasn't been used for decades and as you knows Miss, I keeps the mower
  and other garden tools in there. It was used to house the stately carriages
  when they had such things. Haven't been in the other place for nigh on a year.
  It was the carriage house before they built the bigger one. I knows there's
  a rusty Jeep in there the soldiers left at the end of the war and some old
  furniture that's going rotten. I has the keys if you should want to go in.
  Had to put new locks on to keep the kids out some time back. Perhaps the missus
  would like yer to sort it, if yer not afraid of spiders and mice. Much of the
  stuff could be burned and there's a space over yonder yer could have a bonfire
  without causing any harm.&quot;  
&quot;I'll ask her. Sometimes sorting other people's junk can be fun.&quot;  
&quot;It could make a second garage for guest cars and such like. It's dry
  enough in there, or it was when I was last in. They built places to last in
  them there days.&quot;  
*****  
Sweating and a little tired from her exertions Veronica sat on a box. The
  October day had been warm and bright but now a dark cloud dropped down over
  the hills and was quickly obscuring the sun. So far she'd cleared a pile of
  old wooden chairs and a chest of drawers that had suffered the ravages of woodworm
  and rot and moved an old mangle outside. &quot;Things like that can go in the
  pit,&quot; Henry told her, &quot;They're nearly all metal. When there's enough
  we'll put them on the trailer and I'll cart them off to the dump.&quot;  
All afternoon Veronica had a strong feeling she was being watched. Frequently
  she looked over her shoulder but saw no one. It was just an eerie feeling.
  As she moved the old furniture her mind kept trying to visualise how the place
  must have looked when it was new and who had sat on the chairs or used the
  chest of drawers or what had been stored in them. The place seemed very creepy.
  Full of ghostly reminders of a past era. It made the hair on the back of her
  neck rise but she couldn't find any real reason for it. Now as she sat in the
  gloom, the darkness only partially pierced by a single incandescent bulb. With
  the light from the window and doorway now blotted out by the heavy cloud, Veronica
  felt the presence more strongly than ever. &quot;Come on Veronica, let me out.
  I know my thoughts are reaching you. I've been here far too long.&quot; Slowly
  Veronica rose, seemingly compelled against her will to open a large box standing
  in a corner by the back door. Any thoughts she'd had of finding something interesting
  were immediately dashed. The box contained nothing but decaying musty clothing.
  Rain splatted down. &quot;I'll have a better look when I can take it outside
  in the daylight,&quot; she thought as she sat down again. &quot;I can't do
  much in here without better light and I'll have to wait until the rain stops
  before I can get back in the house. Maybe one of the electricians will let
  me borrow one of their quartz halogen floodlights another day. No where to
  plug it in though so that's no good. It's spooky in here now with the weird
  shadows cast by that apology for a light. And the way the wind is swinging
  the bulb and making the shadows move is&hellip; Ughh!&quot;  
A movement of the rags startled her before she had time to sit down again.
  Something was pushing them upwards. The clothing rustled and a small cloud
  of dust arose. &quot;Some sort of beast is in there,&quot; Veronica thought, &quot;I
  better get out of the way.&quot; She turned and started for the door but a
  soft voice called out to her. Startled Veronica stopped and then realised the
  voice had not been an audible sound, it was within her head!  
&quot;Don't be afraid Veronica, Don't run away. I will not harm you. Sit
  still for a few moments until I can uncurl myself and get out.&quot; Veronica
  shook her head to try and clear it of these thoughts. Frightened but also intrigued
  she watched as the head of a young girl appeared, then the arms and body. Moments
  later the girl-like creature jumped to the floor. The form and movements were
  those of a young woman but one who had aged prematurely. She wore a rather
  tatty dress but what hit Veronica's senses was the pale luminous translucency
  of the figure, emphasised all the more by the darkness of the situation.  
&quot;You're... a ... ghost,&quot; she stuttered, &quot;You can't be ...
  I don't believe...&quot;  
&quot;Thanks. That's better,&quot; the figure said, &quot;First time I've
  been able to uncurl myself in two hundred and twenty five years. My spirit's
  been about but I never could get anyone to open the box before. I'm Rebecca
  Morton, Becky as everyone used to call me.&quot; Again the words never came
  out as sounds for Veronica to hear but nevertheless she heard them clearly
  in her mind.  
Still not believing what she could see, Veronica again mumbled something
  about ghosts and for some minutes she continued to stare with disbelief and
  not a little fear at the apparition. &quot;There's no need to be afraid, Veronica,
  I am not here to harm you. Please be friends.&quot; The friendly, bubbly lilt
  in the voice gave Veronica the impression the girl was very young, perhaps
  even younger than herself. It didn't equate with the emancipated form she could
  see or with the haggard, lined and care worn face. Reading her mind, Becky
  went on, &quot;Yes, I know how I look but I was only seventeen when I died.
  My last few days were not very pleasant.&quot; That was a typical English gross
  understatement.  
As her fear slowly ebbed Veronica remembered her manners, &quot;As you seem
  to know Becky, I'm Veronica Markham and I'm pleased to meet you. My school
  friends used to call me Ronnie, perhaps you would like to as well.&quot; Subconsciously
  she put out her hand.  
&quot;No, I won't touch you for the time being Ronnie. Not until you know
  what might happen if I do. Let's talk first. I've a feeling that we have something
  in common with each other, something more than being servants in this house
  which is why my spirit could get you to suggest clearing this old carriage
  house and to open the box.&quot;  
&quot;How did you get in that box Becky?&quot;  
&quot;That's the end of a long story and the start of my life as a wandering
  spirit or ghost if you prefer to call me. You see I wasn't actually dead when
  they put me in and hidden under all those clothes the spirit collectors didn't
  find me and take me to their world.&quot;  
&quot;You mean they shut you in that box alive!&quot; Veronica was horrified.  
&quot;Well I was as near to death as could be. I was frozen and wet and to
  them I appeared dead.&quot;  
&quot;But why didn't they bury you properly?&quot;  
&quot;I said it was a long story spread over about three years.&quot; Becky
  paused. &quot;Do you want to hear it Ronnie or would you like to live it?&quot;  
&quot;What do you mean 'live it'?&quot;  
&quot;If I put my arms around you, I can absorb your body into my spirit
  and take you back to my time and you can experience the things I did and saw
  in exactly the way I did. Your body will feel things just as I felt them. The
  pleasures and the pain.&quot;  
&quot;You mean you can...? Take me back in time and relive your life? See
  the things you saw? That's not possible.  
&quot;It's not really taking you back in time although it may feel like it.
  I've never done it before but I gather it's more like that machine you call
  a video recorder I've seen you watch. I can go back though my life like it
  was a film and I should be able to take you as well. You'll believe it when
  you do it.  
&quot;I don't know Becky. What if I don't come back?&quot;  
&quot;My spirit mentor said I could separate from you at any time I wanted
  or remain in your time and we can travel back and forth at will, or at least
  my will. Strong outside influences could force me to release you but to be
  honest I have not done it yet. That's why I suggested we should just talk for
  now until you get to know me. I probably know more about you. I've seen what
  you and Gloria do.&quot;  
&quot;Even when we...?&quot; Veronica was shocked at thought of what an invisible
  spirit like Becky might have seen.  
&quot;Everything, Ronnie. Like last night when you were alone in bed with
  Gloria. She'd just smacked your bottom and then turned you over and nipped
  your clit with her teeth until you screamed and then she bit it again for screaming.&quot;  
&quot;Oh my God. I remarked several times how I felt I was being watched
  but now I know. It's so embarrassing.&quot; Even in the semi darkness, Veronica
  could feel herself blushing. Vaguely she heard the hypnotic sound of rain still
  drubbing on the window. The wind still swung the lone bulb on its cable casting
  moving shadows. &quot;It can't be real,&quot; Veronica thought, &quot;This
  has to be a dream. No it cannot be a dream; it's too real. I can hear the wind
  and rain, smell the atmosphere and the dusty clothes of this girl.&quot; Becky
  voice cut into her mind again.  
&quot;Yes, it is real Ronnie. You have to believe it for now. Soon you'll
  know for certain. I too had a proper body. An attractive one too but that was
  long ago. Now you seem to be the only one who can see me and for the first
  time for ages, I have found someone who can talk back to me. If you let me,
  I can show you how I was and see how I lived and loved and suffered but let
  us just talk for a little. I wasn't very well schooled but since being a spirit
  my mind has been able to move around and I have learned a great deal by sitting
  in and watching and listening while others learned or discussed things. Unfortunately
  I couldn't talk to any of them in the same way as I can you. Perhaps we are
  related in some way or perhaps because we both were forced to come here as
  servants. We've both found out how servants are punished although the punishments
  you've had so far are very tame compared to the thrashings servants were given
  in my time.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't think Gloria's hairbrush was a very tame punishment,&quot; Veronica
  pouted and then cheered up and asked, &quot;Did you have brothers and sisters
  Becky?&quot;  
&quot;I was the youngest of ten, six boys and four of us girls. By the time
  I was ten, only three boys had survived and one of my sisters had died. A bull
  killed my father when I was twelve and soon after the rest of my family left
  home to go to sea or get work elsewhere. Even with just me to feed, mother
  had a difficult time of it. I was always hungry and although we collected what
  wood we could, our home was always cold and damp. I gather from what I overheard
  when you first came, you are an only child Ronnie.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, mother didn't want any or couldn't have any more. I think I would
  have liked a sister. But please go on.&quot; Veronica was now much more comfortable
  with her 'ghost'.  
&quot;Mother and I did what jobs we could get but when winter came jobs were
  difficult and food was scarce and wood was often hidden under a layer of snow
  even if the weather was good enough to go out. It was a cold frosty February
  day, I chanced to pass by the hall here on my way home. I was fourteen and
  developing into a woman. Near the gate I met with a slightly older girl I remembered
  as being a friend of my next but one sister. She told me one of the maids had
  left to marry so I might get a job if I asked for it. I protested that I had
  no experience but was told I would be trained. Little did I realise that the
  only qualification needed was to be young and a virgin and my training would
  be to surrender my body to their lecherous demands. Had I known I would never
  have taken the job. You are lucky in just having a mistress, one person who
  you are beholden to. I had the master, his sons and a hierarchy of servants,
  from the butler and the housekeeper downwards. It wasn't all bad though. Certainly
  I had some good times especially at first, the food was plentiful and the place
  was warm but the punishments were harsh and at first some of the things I was
  expected to do I found disgusting. Gradually though I got used to doing them
  and enjoyed some.&quot;  
&quot;So they all raped you Becky?&quot;  
&quot;Well I suppose you would call it rape these days, then it was expected
  that servants would submit to their master's wishes. I had no idea that these
  things went on in the big houses. I knew the masters and mistresses attended
  church regularly so I thought them honest and God fearing people. How wrong
  I was. Anyway, Janet, that was the maid's name, seeing me hesitate, put her
  arm around my shoulder and started back along the drive.&quot;  
At that point Becky threw her arm around Veronica's shoulders. An involuntary
  gesture but the effect on Veronica was immediate. The gloomy interior of the
  carriage shed transformed into the brightness of a frosty moorland day. Ahead
  of her ran a well kept gravel road, lined with lime trees bereft of leaves.
  Patches of snow lay on either side with footprints that showed a number of
  people had passed along that way since the last snowfall. Veronica recognised
  the drive to the hall. The trees now were much older and some had been felled.
  The neat drystone wall looked new but otherwise the landscape was much the
  same as she knew it. Around the curve of the drive she caught a glimpse of
  the hall. Somewhere in the back of her mind she heard, &quot;Sorry Ronnie,
  I didn't mean this to happen.&quot; From their earlier conversation, Veronica
  guessed what happened. Her mind was completely absorbed into Becky's. It was
  like a dream but so much more real. She felt the bitter cold eating through
  her thin clothing; she heard and saw the crows squawking over some morsel on
  the drive; she felt the gravel under her feet; she felt a mittened hand pulling
  at her arm, &quot;Come on Becky.&quot; Janet urged the girl along, &quot;It'll
  be better living here than in that hovel of yours.&quot;  
The full impact of what was happening began to dawn on Veronica. No longer
  was she Veronica Markham she was Rebecca Morton. Fear overcame her. Where was
  her body? Was it still alive? Would she even get back into it? Becky had said
  she'd never done this before. Some of these fears were stilled by Becky's voice
  in her mind, &quot;I didn't intend this to happen but now it has you might
  as well experience it. The first day here wasn't too bad so we'll keep with
  it until later and then I'll release you back to the shed. Share my life Ronnie.
  Meet the people who owned this mansion all those years ago.&quot; Although
  the fear still stayed with Veronica, it was infused with the excitement of
  an adventure with unknown boundaries.  
Now they approached the Hall. It looked much newer and even though snow covered
  most of the gardens, Veronica could tell they were well tended and formally
  laid out with small box hedges defining geometrical plots. &quot;They're all
  grass now,&quot; Veronica mused. All the paths had been swept and in the distance
  two men were pilling stuff on a smoky bonfire. &quot;That's just where Henry
  wants me to burn my rubbish,&quot; she remarked to herself.  
&quot;This way Becky,&quot; Janet cautioned, &quot;We're not supposed to
  use the main path where we can be seen by the masters or guests. We have to
  go in the kitchen entrance.&quot; Even walking along the short passage from
  the side door to the kitchen, the warmth hit them. In the kitchen itself the
  heat was almost more than Becky could withstand. Several maids bustled around
  and a boy sat in a corner polishing long leather boots. Veronica barely had
  time to take in how different the kitchen was then before she was taken to
  a middle-aged sour faced woman. &quot;If you please Mrs. Simmons,&quot; Janet
  spoke to the woman, &quot;I would like to introduce Rebecca Morton who you
  may like to consider as a maid to replace Henrietta. I know the family and
  they've all been hard workers.&quot;  
&quot;She's a bit skinny!&quot; snapped the housekeeper, &quot;I'm not sure
  the master will want one as thin as that. How old are you girl.&quot;  
&quot;Fourteen, ma'am,&quot; Becky replied wondering what the woman meant
  by the master not wanting a thin girl. Perhaps they didn't think she would
  be strong enough to do the work.  
&quot;Have you done this sort of work before? Has Janet told you what is
  involved besides waiting at tables and such?&quot;  
&quot;No ma'am, I've never been away from home and I only met Janet at the
  end of the drive. Mother will be expecting me home soon.&quot;  
&quot;Have you been rogered by a man Rebecca?&quot;  
&quot;Rogered ma'am?&quot;  
&quot;Fucked if you want it in your crude terms. Rogered is how we call it
  in this house. Have you had a man's pego inside your cunnie?&quot; Shocked
  by the crudity of the question Becky shook her head, no. &quot;Well that at
  least is in your favour girl,&quot; snapped the woman. &quot;Janet take her
  to the maids room, wash her all over and find her a suitable dress. The master's
  going out soon and I want him to see her first so no spending time up there
  gossiping and playing with her. Clean her and bring her down suitably dressed.&quot; Becky
  followed Janet up two flights of stairs to a room with six small beds.  
&quot;So this is what this room was used for. I wondered why there was such
  a large room on this floor,&quot; Veronica said to herself as Becky quietly
  stripped off her clothes and stood in a large metal bowl of cold water. Veronica
  flinched at the near freezing water but Becky accepted it without a murmur.
  Janet spent longer washing Becky's budding breasts and between her legs than
  seemed normal.  
She wasn't too worried but decided to ask, &quot;Do you have to keep rubbing
  me down there, Jan?&quot;  
&quot;That's where the master will look, Becky. If you're dirty there I'll
  catch a hiding. He's not very interested in your ability to serve table only
  in where he is going to put his pego. That's his prick or cock in our language
  but you don't say those words in the house.&quot;  
&quot;He's going to fuck me? Roger me?&quot;  
&quot;You'd better believe it. Him and every other man here. If you play
  your cards right and learn to please him in bed you can do well for yourself.
  Displease him and you'll end up being thrashed. You'll get to enjoy the rogering
  most of the time. Now lets see how this dress fits.&quot;  
Veronica could feel the consternation in Becky's mind. She knew all about
  sex as did most country girls but had no idea the aristocracy in the big houses
  indulged in it with the maids. Nor that she would be forced into it. What if
  she became pregnant?  
&quot;Jan? Did Henrietta become pregnant from the master?&quot; she asked
  as they headed down the stairs once more.  
&quot;No. It was the man she married. I think she did it to make him marry
  her. We all have to use sponges here and Mrs. Simmons is very strict about
  us putting them in and soaking them regularly. She'll tell you if you decide
  to stay. I suggest you do. At least here it is warm and the food is plentiful
  although the money isn't much. Weigh that against a few fucks and a hiding
  now and again?&quot;  
Mrs. Simmons took Becky straight to the master's study, knocked and when
  ordered went in and curtseyed. &quot;Curtsy girl,&quot; she whispered. Becky
  bobbed down and up. &quot;Sorry Sir,&quot; Mrs. Simmons apologised, &quot;We'll
  train her properly if you decide to take her on. This is Rebecca Sir, Rebecca
  Morton.&quot;  
Becky's eyes took in the large desk and the man who now stood behind it.
  An elegant tall man dressed in riding gear. Late thirties she guessed. &quot;Fourteen
  you say Mrs. Simmons?&quot; On receiving an affirmative he went on, &quot;Well
  that's certainly old enough. Bit on the thin side but she's probably not been
  fed properly. Is that so girl?&quot;  
&quot;We don't have money for much food Sir and at this time of year it is
  difficult to find anything in the hedgerows.&quot;  
&quot;Well let me see what is under that dress. Unbutton it.&quot; Blushing
  with embarrassment Becky's fingers fumbled at the buttons that ran all the
  way down the front of the dress. In the end, Mrs. Simmons had to help. Soon
  though the front of her dress was held wide open. &quot;Titties beginning to
  form nicely,&quot; the master commented at the same time as he squeezed them. &quot;Open
  your legs wider.&quot;  
Shocked Becky didn't move. WHACK!! Mrs. Simmons brought her hand down smartly
  on Becky's bare bottom. Veronica felt the pain too and would have cried out
  too if she been able. &quot;Oh my God,&quot; she said to herself, &quot;This
  is too bloody realistic. When she gets raped and thrashed I'll feel it too.&quot;  
&quot;Do as you are told girl if you want this job,&quot; Mrs. Simmons hissed.
  Becky was not sure that she did. However, the thought of having a warm, dry
  room to sleep in and good food seemed to outweigh the discomfort she was in
  now. Her stomach grumbled at the thought. She'd only had a little bread and
  thin mangle soup since yesterday. She opened her legs and allowed the master
  to feel her sparsely haired cunnie.  
&quot;You've not been rogered before girl? No man has put his pego or anything
  else in there?&quot;  
&quot;No Sir, never. Mother wouldn't allow it.&quot;  
&quot;What about your other holes? Have you had a man in your bottom or mouth?&quot;  
Becky was startled by the thought that anyone should think of doing that.
  Blushing scarlet she shook her head emphatically no.  
&quot;Take her on trial Mrs. Simmons if she really wants the job. Do you
  Rebecca?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; Becky replied after a few moments delay.  
&quot;You don't seem too sure girl. This is what I will do.&quot; He reached
  into a desk drawer and brought out a florin and offered it to Becky. A silver
  florin. Becky had rarely seen one, let alone had one in her hand. She was more
  used to copper coins and not many of them were above a halfpenny, usually she
  dealt with farthings and half farthings. &quot;Take this to your mother and
  talk with her. If you decide to take the position here, she can keep the coin
  but you must return and stay for at least a year. You can of course bring the
  coin back and not take the job.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you Sir,&quot; Becky stuttered as Mrs. Simmons ushered her from
  the room and along the passage to the kitchen. Janet again took her to the
  maids' room to change into her own clothes.  
&quot;I'll find you an old coat in the cellar otherwise you might get your
  death of cold before you get back here,&quot; Janet informed her.  
&quot;Perhaps I won't be coming back, Jan.&quot;  
&quot;Oh but you have to. Either you come back here to work or you bring
  back the money. Don't think of running with it. They'll set the constable on
  to you and you and your mother will be imprisoned for stealing. That's how
  I and most of the girls got to work here for the few coppers they pay.&quot;  
&quot;Very cunning,&quot; thought Veronica, &quot;Few girls or their mothers
  would want to give up the money once they'd had it in their hands.&quot;  
The cool air of the cellar made itself felt on Becky's flesh however, it
  was not this that caused Becky's to start back in horror. A loud WHAAP!!, followed
  by a scream assailed her ears. Janet grabbed Becky's hand and dragged her forward. &quot;That'll
  be Hilda getting it. She spilled Master Edward's breakfast on him this morning,&quot; Janet
  whispered, &quot;We will have to watch. It's supposed to help to keep us in
  line. Not often we get to see it in the punishment room.&quot; She urged Becky
  to an open archway. Had not Janet had a tight grip on Becky, she would have
  bolted at the sight before them. Hilda lay naked, strapped to a sloping wooden
  bench with her arse higher than her head. It had already received four or five
  strokes of a wide leather belt. Alongside stood two men, one in butler's uniform
  held the strap, the other still in his nightshirt with a soiled patch of breakfast
  remains at its crotch. Janet curtseyed when Edward, for that is who it was,
  spotted her and motioned Becky should do the same. &quot;Good morning Master
  Edward,&quot; Janet greeted him.  
Edward silently indicated they should stand where they could see the punishment
  and then abruptly asked, &quot;And who pray is this other rag-a-bone wench?&quot;  
&quot;This is Rebecca Sir. She's going to be a new maid here.&quot;  
&quot;Well make sure she watches quietly or Simmons will put the strap across
  both of your bums as well. She needs to learn how we treat incompetent servants
  here.&quot; Tears were already streaming down Becky's cheeks at the thought
  that one day she might be strapped down on that bench. Inside her Veronica's
  emotions were mixed. She was horrified at the way the woman was exposed. Her
  raised bottom, her splayed legs, her open sex, but she also felt herself becoming
  wet and wondered what it would really feel like to be fastened down open and
  available to anything the men might do. &quot;Continue, Simmons,&quot; Edward
  ordered. &quot;Lay it on well. Make the bitch suffer for my discomfort.&quot;  
&quot;WHAAPP!! WHAAPP!! WHAAPP!! WHAAPP!! WHAAPP!!&quot; Simmons rhythmically
  laid the strap across the poor woman's buttocks. Each was accompanied by a
  loud cry and pleading for mercy. Becky felt like running but seemed rooted
  to the spot. Veronica wished she had a body so she could finger herself. &quot;Why
  am I getting off on seeing Hilda suffering?&quot; she asked herself. Her thoughts
  were interrupted.  
&quot;That's the full dozen Sir. Do you think it enough?&quot; Simmons asked.
  Edward didn't answer. Instead he lifted his nightshirt and exposed his fully
  erect prick to the girls. Janet, who had seen it many times just curtseyed
  and kissed it with open mouth, Becky who only seen young boys looked aghast
  at it's size and hardness, shrank back.  
Edward gripped her hair. &quot;So we have a shy one here,&quot; he said, &quot;You
  won't he so shy after you've been here a while. Now give the end a little suck
  same as Janet did.&quot; Fearing she might be on the receiving end of the strap
  Simmons had been wielding, Becky complied. Her encounter with his prick was
  very brief. Edward withdrew his manhood, turned and thrust it hard into Hilda's
  unprotected cunt. This brought further cries of anguish from her each time
  his loins battered her swollen and bruised arse. Edward laughed. He enjoyed
  knowing know he could fuck a woman when it hurt her, he loved the feel of a
  hot tender bum against his body. His enjoyment was short lived. After the stimulation
  of seeing the woman beaten, too soon he released his load within her body.  
He pushed his sticky prick towards Becky's face. &quot;Now it's nice and
  juicy for you to suck.&quot;  
Again Becky pulled away, disgusted at what she was being asked to do. The
  sight and smell almost made her retch. &quot;Please Sir, no. Don't make me
  do that,&quot; she pleaded.  
&quot;Simmons, put her on top of Hilda. Perhaps she'll like it more when
  her own juices are added to it,&quot; Edward ordered angrily.  
&quot;If you please Sir,&quot; Janet spoke, &quot;She's a virgin and Master
  Peter said no one was to touch her holes until he'd finished with them.&quot;  
Edward knew better than to cross his father. &quot;Dammit! Perhaps she'll
  like the taste of the belt instead.&quot; Becky struggled but was no match
  for Simmons. In a short space of time she found herself lying lengthwise on
  top of Hilda. &quot;Pull her dress right up Janet. Let's see these virgin holes
  and see if her virgin arse has felt the kiss of leather.&quot;  
Becky flinched as Edward's fingers probed her cunt and squeezed her bottom. &quot;Please
  Sir, I'm not in your employ yet. Please leave me be.&quot;  
&quot;Silence girl.&quot; Edward swung the strap. It connected with a loud &quot;WHAAPP!!&quot; Becky
  screamed. So did Veronica. She was amazed how badly it hurt even though she
  was inside another's body. She felt it just the same as your host. &quot;WHAAPP!!&quot; the
  strap laid it's fire across Becky's arse. Veronica wondered if she could stand
  any more and what would happen if she passed out while inside Becky's body.
  Fortunately she didn't but she had to take six strokes before Edward laid the
  strap down and again presented his prick to her. This time she took it and
  sucked as if her life depended on it. The taste was not as unpleasant as she
  expected. Afterwards she had to wait while Simmons removed his pego from his
  breeches and took his turn at fucking Hilda. Becky was amazed at the sight
  of his weapon too. Following in his master's footsteps, Simmons plunged his
  prick deeply into the helpless maid causing her more pain. It was only when
  he'd shot his seed into her and Becky had cleaned his prick too, that the woman
  was released.  
Chapter 3. Virgins no more   
&quot;Wake up Veronica, wake up!&quot; Gloria was peering down at her and
  shaking her by the shoulders.  
Slowly she opened her eyes to the now familiar surroundings of her bedroom. &quot;How?
  How did I get here? Oooww!!&quot; The scream came when she tried to sit up. &quot;Oh
  my God! It was real! It did happen.&quot;  
&quot;What happened? You had us worried sick. Henry found you sitting almost
  lifeless and shivering in that shed. We carried you in here and I undressed
  you. Until a few minutes ago you just seemed dead asleep although you did some
  talking but nothing we could really hear and then you screamed out a six times.
  It was sort of like you were in a trance. What happened?&quot; Gloria asked
  again.  
&quot;What time is it?  
&quot;Nearly eight. What's that got to do with it. Answer my question, Veronica.&quot;  
&quot;Four hours. It must have happened in real time. Oooww!&quot; Veronica
  moved again.  
Exasperated Gloria demanded, &quot;What happened in real time. If I don't
  get some answers soon you're going to feel the hair brush my girl.&quot;  
&quot;I can't tell you Gloria and even if I did you wouldn't believe me.
  I can hardly believe it myself. And if what I think happened, I wouldn't be
  able to withstand the hairbrush. I can't seem to sit on my bottom.&quot;  
Gloria pulled up Veronica's nightdress. &quot;Veronica, who thrashed you
  like that? How? You weren't marked when I put the nightdress on you. And that
  stuff around your lips has appeared since. If I didn't know better, I'd say
  it was a man's spunk. I'm going to run a bath so you can bathe your bottom
  and then you can tell me what is going on.&quot; However although pressed,
  cajoled, threatened and intimidated Veronica refused to say anything. Gloria
  took offence at her maid's attitude and kept up a stony silence during their
  late meal. For once Veronica was glad she wasn't asked to share her bed.  
As soon as her light was out, Veronica called quietly, &quot;Becky, Becky,
  are you there. Help me. This pain is pretty awful. Becky, Becky where are you.&quot;  
&quot;I'm here Ronnie, right beside you. Now you have a little idea of what
  girls had to go through when I was a maid here. How do you think Hilda felt?
  And she had to go straight back to work. Mine was a minor strapping. I had
  to grin and bear it as your saying is. We didn't have pills like you've taken
  to ease the pain. Mother rubbed a little fat on and that was all.&quot;  
&quot;So there's nothing you can do to help me?&quot;  
&quot;Well maybe there is but I am not sure you shouldn't savour the pain
  for longer to know what it was really like to live in this hall, two hundred
  years ago.&quot;  
&quot;If you can do anything Becky, please do it. Perhaps I feel the pain
  more than you, I've been brought up in softer conditions than you were.&quot;  
&quot;I'm not sure that makes much difference, Ronnie. The pain was just
  as painful for me as it was for you.&quot;  
&quot;Why are you not in pain now then? I am.&quot;  
&quot;Simple. That machine you call a video, you have a button to move forward
  fast. I did that when you when Gloria disturbed us. I came back to the present.
  As a spirit I don't feel the pain. I did feel it when I went back and re-lived
  that first day here. You should remember, I went through the thrashing even
  though I knew what to expect because I been through it all before. I suffered
  the pain for a second time. I suffered it because I want you to know my story.
  I had to suffer it because I could not change what happened in my life. Unlike
  your video, I cannot edit it.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry Becky. I didn't think of it that way,&quot; Veronica apologised, &quot;Can
  you not fast forward me until the pain has gone?&quot;  
&quot;I can but I am not going to. Not all in one go anyway. The first few
  days of my life here were pretty traumatic and I want to take you through that
  trauma too. I think it is time you experienced real pain not the tender little
  spankings Gloria gives you. You may well get worked up on it, like you did
  when watched poor Hilda get her whipping. Are you not a little 'horny', as
  I think you say these days, down there? Touch yourself.&quot;  
Veronica didn't need to. She knew she was wet, but she was also sore. Very
  sore. &quot;Please Becky. Please help take some of this pain away.&quot;  
&quot;Shush! Keep your voice down. Gloria's listening at the door. She can't
  hear me because I am talking directly to your mind. Try and do that with me.
  Don't speak the words, think them.&quot;  
&quot;Please Becky, move me forward so the pain goes. Becky please.&quot; The
  last two words involuntarily came out loudly but the first sentence was silent.  
The door opened; the light went on. Gloria stood framed in the opening. &quot;Where
  is she? Where is this Becky?&quot; Gloria demanded.  
&quot;There's no one here Gloria. I am alone.&quot;  
&quot;You were talking to someone. I heard you. Who was it?&quot; Gloria
  again demanded as she strode around the room looking under the bed and in cupboards
  although she couldn't see how anyone could have hidden when she flung open
  the door.  
Thinking quickly Veronica replied, &quot;Becky is an imaginary friend, one
  who I can talk to in my mind. Someone who....&quot;  
&quot;Someone who thrashes you! Do you really expect me to believe that Veronica?
  You take me for a fool girl! Something is going on and I intend to find out
  what it is. You're sleeping with me tonight.&quot;  
&quot;No Gloria. I can't! I'm in too much pain.&quot; Despite her arguments
  Veronica ended up in Gloria's bed, weeping from not just from the pain but
  from the tirade of questions that Gloria unrelentingly fired at her. She so
  wished to go with Becky and Gloria was preventing her.  
&quot;Let her go to sleep Ronnie,&quot; Becky spoke to her mind, &quot;You
  try and sleep too. I'll wake you when it's all quiet and we can slip away.&quot;  
&quot;She's a light sleeper. She'll know if I leave the bed.&quot; Veronica
  spoke her thoughts directly to Becky.  
&quot;We'll try it anyway. The problem is if she forces you out of me again
  before we're ready. We'll just have to see what happens.&quot;  
*****  
2 a.m. &quot;Pssstt!! Wake up Ronnie. Gloria's been asleep for a while. See
  if you can get to your room without disturbing her.&quot; Veronica had only
  just dozed off. The events of the previous day and the soreness of her arse
  kept her awake for a long while but it was easing a little now or so she thought
  until she started to walk. However, she made it to her room without crying
  out. The key to her door had gone. Rightly she assumed Gloria had taken it.
  She jammed a chair under the doorknob. It the darkness she could see Becky's
  outstretched hand clearly.  
&quot;Wait a moment Becky. I don't want Gloria waking me again until I'm
  ready,&quot; Veronica transferred her thoughts. Quietly opening a drawer she
  took a sheet of paper and with a marker pen wrote in large letters.  
&lt;Gloria, if you find me in a trance as earlier  
LEAVE ME ALONE!!!  
I will wake when I'm ready.  
Waking me could cause serious harm.&gt;  
&quot;We can only hope she takes some notice Becky. Let's go before she finds
  me missing and forces the door.&quot;  
&quot;You're sure?&quot; Veronica nodded her agreement and Becky went on, &quot;It's
  2:30 now, Gloria normally wakes between 7:30 and 8:00 that gives us about five
  hours. I'm not going to jump forward far at a time but by the end of the five
  hours we should have gone far enough to remove a good deal of the soreness
  from your arse and not so far that I've had another thrashing. I will have
  been fucked though. Still want to go?&quot; Hesitating for a few moments at
  the thought of being fucked, or more probably raped by Master Peter, she decided
  to see what it would be like to have a man inside her. Would he actually break
  her hymen whilst she was Becky? It didn't sound as though Becky had become
  pregnant though. &quot;Still want to go?&quot; Becky repeated.  
&quot;Yes, let's do it. I should learn more of past times with you than I
  ever learned at school. Even if it is learning the hard way.&quot;  
Limping slightly from the pain of her beaten buttocks, Becky walked the last
  half-mile down the grass lane to the village. Veronica felt the pain too. It
  seemed worse than it was when she was lying in bed at home and then she remembered
  that she had taken painkillers and put salve on last night but Becky wouldn't
  have had access to either all those years ago. She very vaguely recognised
  where she was. In her time the lane although narrow was metalled and the Johnson's
  stone house was still there but with modern additions and better paintwork.
  The village looked very different though. A collection of low stone houses
  with mainly thatched roofs. Not more than six of them, Veronica noted, and
  all huddled near the crossroads. Becky entered the second house.  
Inside it was cold and rather dark. Veronica tried to take in her surroundings
  as far as she was able through Becky's eyes. The one room was sparsely furnished
  with a wooden table in the centre, a bunk bed at one end covered by what looked
  like old rugs and at the other a fireplace with a few embers glowing. An old
  looking woman stirring what seemed to Veronica to be a pot of dirty water,
  greeted them.  
&quot;Y'a took yer time Becky,&quot; she chided, &quot;And wha's the wood
  y've collected? And where d'ya git tha coat?&quot; Becky's mother's accent
  was so strong Veronica had difficulty if following her speech.  
&quot;Same place as I got this,&quot; Becky held out the florin, &quot;And
  this.&quot; Lifting her dress Becky showed her tanned arse. She went on to
  explain her mother could keep the coin if she allowed her daughter to work
  at 'the big house'. &quot;They're very keen on discipline up there Ma so I
  don't know if I want to be one of their maids,&quot; she went on. &quot;What
  I had was very mild compared with what I saw another maid get. If I don't take
  the job, I have to take the coin back.&quot; She didn't mention that they would
  use her sexually.  
&quot;Lay yersel on't bed so I ken put some fat on yer arse and then you
  go back and tek tha job, Yer'll be better fed than yer am here I dinna doubt.&quot; It
  was obvious to both girls the coin had made up her mother's mind. &quot;If
  yer behaves yersel, yer'll come to na' 'arm.&quot;  
The cold air caused Becky to shiver a little as her mother bared her arse
  to apply a mixture of herbs and fat that she said would help soothe the fire.
  Gently the older woman rubbed the mixture into her daughter's tender skin.
  Becky seemed to feel no other effect than the pain the slight finger pressure
  caused but Veronica started to feel wetness between her legs and tried to get
  Becky to open them wider. &quot;You're a slut Ronnie. You should know I cannot
  alter things that happened in the past and I didn't have a lezzie relationship
  with my mother.&quot; Becky spoke mentally so her mother wouldn't hear. In
  any case the woman was speaking in her broad Yorkshire language that Veronica
  couldn't follow and admonishing her daughter to make sure she did as the masters
  at the hall asked.  
&quot;Well at least now I know, that while I experience the things as you,
  my mind does not react in the same way. I wonder how it will be when the master
  fucks you?&quot; Veronica replied, &quot;Will I enjoy it more or less?&quot;  
&quot;Won't be too long before you find out, Ronnie!&quot; Becky laughed, &quot;And
  no, I'm not going to tell you in advance what is going to happen. Nor will
  I tell you all the bits I will miss out except that now I don't feel it is
  necessary to walk all the way back to the Hall in the cold. When mum's finished
  we'll jump to there.&quot;  
&quot;You decided to come then,&quot; Janet had answered their knock on the
  door, &quot;Or have you brought the coin back?&quot; Becky shook her head. &quot;Your
  mother wanted to keep it regardless of the number of times you'll get a thrashing
  and did you mention what else the masters will do to you?&quot; Janet went
  on.  
&quot;Yes. She ain't seen that much money for a long while. Will I get beaten
  often? And no, I didn't mention I would be fucked.&quot;  
&quot;Maybe, maybe not. Depends. Depends on how you behave with the masters.
  You should be all right tonight. Master Peter has Miss Kathryn staying with
  him. She's very young for him but she's trying to get him to marry her so she
  gets at his money. She willingly lets him do things to her.&quot; The conversation
  was terminated by their arrival at the kitchen.  
The warmth of the room hit Becky after the cold walk back. Unused to the
  heat she began to feel drowsy but Mrs. Simmons soon brought her back to reality.
  Addressing Janet she snapped, &quot;Take her to Miss Maria to fit her out with
  her uniform, then tidy her hair and bring her back here. She can work alongside
  you preparing the food for tonight.&quot;  
Janet led the way to one of the larger rooms on the upper floor, a room Veronica
  had been in only once. It was now a store room for old items the previous owner
  no longer used. At the window, where the light was better sat an elderly woman
  sewing what looked to be an expensive dress. &quot;Don't cross her,&quot; whispered
  Janet, &quot;She was the mistresses maid when she was alive. She still has
  a lot of power here and can make your life a misery.&quot; There was no further
  explanation as the pair were invited in and Janet introduced Becky.  
&quot;Get yourself undressed Rebecca,&quot; Miss Maria ordered in a kindly
  voice, &quot;I need to see what is under that bundle of rags.&quot; Somewhat
  embarrassedly, Becky took off her clothing and stood in front of the older
  woman's gaze and then blushed as the woman's hands ran over her body, pausing
  at the most intimate places and without comment tenderly squeezed the bruised
  bum. Finally they came to rest on her developing breasts. &quot;The masters
  haven't had you yet I suppose?&quot; she asked and receiving a no, in reply
  went on, &quot;Well I guess they soon will and then these will start to develop
  in a hurry. We'll need a dress that allows for that.&quot;  
Becky was surprised Maria's hands kept fingering her titties until the nipples
  hardened. The sensations Veronica felt again aroused her. &quot;You really
  are a lezzie slut, Ronnie,&quot; Becky thought spoke to her.&quot;  
&quot;You knew that already from having watched Gloria and I together,&quot; Veronica
  silently replied.  
They were both brought back to Maria when she commented, &quot;Your nipples
  are quite large for a girl of your size. The men will like that. You'll be
  well used for the next week or two,&quot; she predicted. Becky began to realise
  just what life for her at the Hall was going to be like. Her job as a maid
  was much more than domestic cooking and serving food, she was to be the plaything
  for the masters.  
Three dresses and a single pair of shoes were found. All the dresses buttoned
  down the full length of the front; all exposed the larger portions of her breasts
  in much the same way as Janet's. To Veronica the dresses, although below the
  knee in length, were much shorter than she expected for that period. When she
  asked Becky, she agreed most women wore ankle length dresses but in the Hall
  they were shorter at the whim of the masters to make the servants bottoms and
  cunnies more accessible.  
Becky went forward in her time to later that evening. On the way she paused
  several times so Veronica could get some idea of what went into the preparation
  of a meal at the Hall, what the servants ate and the serving of the food. During
  the serving Master Peter summoned her. &quot;Come to my room as soon as you've
  eaten and cleared up.&quot;  
Janet expressed surprise that she'd been summoned with the other woman already
  there but said it wasn't unheard of for Master Peter to want two women in his
  bed at once. &quot;Don't forget to go straight to Mrs. Simmons when he releases
  you. Doesn't matter what time of night it is. Knock and go in. Wake her if
  necessary. She'll douche you to try and stop you becoming pregnant. Being a
  virgin, you can't get the sponge far enough up to prevent a baby growing in
  your womb. And make sure you service the master properly, however repugnant
  it might seem. If you don't you'll get another hiding and have to do it anyway.&quot; Mrs.
  Simmons repeated Janet's instruction to come to her immediately the master
  sent her away.  
It was with some temerity that Becky knocked at the master's door. Afraid
  of what was going to happen, Becky had dallied over the cleaning up until Mrs.
  Simmons had soundly boxed her ears and ordered, &quot;Comb your hair girl and
  wipe your face then get yourself to Master Peter. Make sure you do what he
  wants. Reggie won't be in a very good mood if he's summoned to the master's
  room to give you a good hiding.&quot; Veronica, still reeling from the blow
  to her ears, sighed with relief when she remembered Becky saying she wouldn't
  go forward far enough to get her next spanking.  
Kathryn opened the door. &quot;It our virgin plaything Peter,&quot; she called
  back to the master who Becky couldn't yet see. What she did see shocked her.
  Kathryn was not only stark naked, but was blatantly exhibiting her charms.
  The young girl, Becky guessed she was a few years older than herself at about
  17, had full breasts which she thrust forward and dark pubic hair which stood
  out against her parted white thighs.  
&quot;Don't stand there gawking girl. Come on in, we don't want the heat
  from the fire to escape.&quot; Kathryn smiled and took her hand, &quot;You'll
  get to see and feel me soon enough and we shall certainly be seeing and feeling
  you.&quot;  
Veronica's mind lusted after the beautiful naked girl even though she could
  tell Becky wasn't so keen. &quot;I wonder if she gets to play with her?&quot;  
Her thoughts were transferred to Becky. &quot;Wait and see slut. I thought
  you might like this bit,&quot; Becky silently replied.  
There was no time for further repartee. On the edge of the large four poster
  bed sat Master Peter, naked and gently caressing a full erection. Kathryn led
  her to the bed. Becky and Veronica eyed the prick with some consternation.
  Becky knew she was going to lose her virginity to it and from the size of it,
  it was going to be painful. Veronica too knew she would feel Becky's pain.
  The prick she thought was even larger than Edward's, the only other erect prick
  she'd seen close to. The butler's had only been partly exposed from his trousers
  when he fucked Hilda.  
&quot;Curtsey and kneel and kiss the lovely pego that is going to ravish
  you tonight,&quot; hissed Kathryn. From her experience earlier in the day,
  Becky thought she knew what was expected of her and not wanting another dose
  of the strap, took the head in her mouth and gently started to suck. She was
  quite unprepared when Peter grabbed her hair and forced his prick to the back
  of her throat. As soon as she started to gag, Peter pulled back and then thrust
  again. He repeated the movements a few times and released her hair.  
&quot;That's how I expect my pego to be kissed. Now do it.&quot; Becky did.  
&quot;Get it all the way in,&quot; Kathryn advised, &quot;Doesn't it feel
  lovely in your mouth?&quot; With her mouth full, Becky couldn't reply and she
  certainly couldn't agree that it felt lovely. After a few minutes, Peter pushed
  her away.  
&quot;Undress her Kathy,&quot; Peter ordered, &quot;Let's see what she's
  like under those clothes.&quot;  
&quot;Not much in the titty department yet,&quot; Kathryn commented as she
  opened the front of Becky's dress and pushed the girls tits forward, &quot;But
  the nips are hardening and quite large. I guess sucking your pego has started
  to arouse her. Perhaps this will harden them more.&quot; Swiftly her mouth
  closed on a nipple and started sucking and nipping it with her teeth. The unexpected
  action caused Becky to blush furiously. Veronica was in heaven. She loved Gloria
  to suck her tits but to have it done by this young woman seemed even better.
  However, the sensation was short lived.  
&quot;There, they're much harder now Peter,&quot; exclaimed Kathryn. Peter
  reached out and squeezed them hard causing Becky to cry out.  
&quot;None of that nonsense young Becky. I can always tenderize your titties
  with the strap is you want to cry out.&quot; Peter sounded peeved which strengthened
  Becky's resolve to be brave as he continued to nip and pull on her breasts. &quot;Now
  let's see the rest of you girl.&quot; Kathryn removed Becky's dress completely. &quot;Lie
  on your back on the bed and pull your legs up so I can see your cunnie and
  bottom hole.&quot; Again with Kathryn's assistance, Becky complied and soon
  her genitals were fully exposed to the gaze and touch of her master. &quot;Bring
  the candle closer Kathy, I want to have a good look.&quot;  
&quot;Not much hair, Peter,&quot; Kathryn commented. &quot;Her lips are almost
  fully exposed. Still quite young and probably nice and tight.&quot;  
&quot;She's fourteen, nearly fifteen. Dammit, that's old enough to marry
  and have kids.&quot; Peter stated forcibly.  
&quot;Yes, but she's a late developer so her holes are still small. I bet
  you'll make her squeal nicely when you ram that prick of yours into her, especially
  in her arsehole.&quot;  
Becky was surprised at the coarseness of Kathryn's language and, glancing
  towards the girl, noticed how flushed she was. &quot;She getting very aroused
  at seeing me and hoping he's going to make me cry out,&quot; Becky thought.
  Veronica felt similar sensations of arousal. Had she been in her own body juices
  would be running down her legs. Just the sight of Kathryn's breasts bobbing
  close to her face would have gotten her worked up, but the feel of Peter 's
  probing fingers transmitted from Becky's cunt to her own brain, almost overwhelmed
  her.  
&quot;Fuck the little bitch. Make her squeal. Fuck her good and hard Peter.&quot; Kathryn
  was getting impatient.  
&quot;Calm yourself Kathy. But the time has come for this pego of mine to
  feel a tighter cunnie than yours.&quot; To Becky he went on, &quot;Time to
  make a woman of you girl. Hold those legs back and keep yourself well open.
  I want to be able to get right in and give you a rogering you'll remember for
  always. Having spent in Kathy a little earlier, I should be able to hold my
  seed for longer this time.&quot;  
For a few moments fear took over Becky's body. As soon as Peter's prick touched
  her opening, involuntarily she tried to close her thighs. &quot;I told you
  to keep yourself open Rebecca!&quot; Peter's was a low growl. &quot;Pass me
  the strap Kathy.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry master Peter. I didn't mean to close up. I just couldn't
  help it.&quot; Becky pleaded.  
&quot;Well we'll see if the strap will help you.&quot; Peter snapped.  
&quot;Oh may I do it Peter? Please.&quot; Kathryn begged. &quot;You can hold
  yourself hard while you watch.&quot;  
Peter nodded his agreement, &quot;Four if she keeps herself open, twenty-four
  if I have to hold her. You hear that Rebecca?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; Becky whispered, &quot;But you don't have to strap me
  Sir, I keep open for your pego Sir,&quot;  
&quot;And deny Kathy her pleasure. You'll learn to do as you're told first
  time in future. It's only four because I don't want you howling your head off
  when I roger you. If we really have to thrash it, then we'll make sure you've
  something to howl about. Now keep your legs well apart if you don't want that
  cunnie of yours to be so swollen and tender you'll have difficulty in pissing.
  Get your arms between your legs and hold them there.&quot;  
&quot;You bitch,&quot; Veronica spoke to Becky, &quot;You said I wouldn't
  be thrashed again. You lied to me Becky.&quot;  
&quot;Not really Ronnie. Your bottom will be less sore when we go back but
  your cunt will be tender. Inside and out.&quot; There was a hint of laughter
  in her voice that faded, &quot;Remember Ronnie, I am going through this with
  you and I've already been through it once and know just was the pain will be
  like.&quot;  
There was no time for any further conversation between them. Kathy had positioned
  herself on the floor between Becky's legs. &quot;I'm going to change that nice
  white cunt of yours Rebecca,&quot; Kathy taunted, &quot;Change it to a deep
  red or purple. Oooh I do like it when I get to strap a woman there. Especially
  a young thing that going to be raped and her virtue taken afterwards.&quot; Kathy
  brought the strap down hard along the length of Becky's cunt slit.  
&quot;AAAaaaggghh!!! Becky and Veronica screamed in unison.  
&quot;Keep yourself open Rebecca or there's another twenty-three to come,&quot; Peter
  reminded her.  
&quot;Splaaatt!!&quot; The strap laid its awful pain right on top of the
  previous welt. Again Becky screamed but somehow was able to hold her position.
  After the third stroke, Kathryn put her hand on Becky's mound. &quot;It's warming
  up nicely Peter,&quot; she remarked.  
&quot;Hurry up! Put the last one on her so I can get my pego inside.&quot; Splaaatt!!&quot; The
  last one landed and before Becky's scream had died the strap was replaced by
  a pair of warm lips and a tongue probing her cunnie before they were pushed
  roughly away. From her position, Becky could see the master's prick heading
  for her defenceless cunt. Now it pushed her labia apart and was forcing its
  way in, stretching her opening more that it ever had been before. Stretching
  it painfully. Aggravating the pain caused by the strapping. Peter's prick paused
  at her maidenhead. He laughed gleefully. &quot;Another girl becomes a woman
  to my pego!&quot; he yelled as he withdrew and thrust forward again, his prick
  bursting through the membrane and plunging into her.  
During the few seconds Peter paused before his final plunge, Veronica again
  wondered how it would affect her &quot;Will my virginity be taken too?&quot; she
  asked herself. &quot;I feel Becky's pain, I suffered the welts of her thrashing.
  I can feel Peter's prick in me but will he actually break my hymen?&quot; The
  plunge and the pain it produced convinced her that, like Becky, she was no
  longer virgo intacta.  
As the prick continued to plunge in and out of the tight little cunt, Becky's
  natural fluids began to flow and another feeling, one of excitement rather
  than pain overcame her. She began to enjoy the sensation of having a man inside
  her. Locked inside Becky's mind, Veronica too wanted to thrust herself deeper
  and deeper on the invading manhood but she had no control over the situation.
  Her body was a slave to what had happened to Becky over two hundred years previously.
  Veronica was reliving it to its full intensity. Inwardly she could tell Becky
  was working towards an orgasm, perhaps the first in her life and when it came,
  it was more intense than any Veronica had experienced even with Gloria. Soon
  after Peter flooded Becky's vagina with his semen.  
From her experience earlier in the day, Becky knew what to expect when Peter
  finally withdrew and sat on the edge of the bed. It was reinforced when Kathryn
  remarked, &quot;Your pego looks nice and tasty Peter. She should enjoy it.&quot; Putting
  aside her revulsion, Becky took the sticky prick in her mouth and sucked the
  softening tool. Peter, now the sweat that covered his body from his exertions
  was beginning to chill, pulled both girls into his bed and snuggled them under
  the covers. He lay and dozed with his left arm around Becky and his right cradling
  Kathryn. For a while Kathryn lay quiet too, which allowed Becky and Veronica
  to have an inaudible private conversation.  
&quot;How are you going to explain your not being a virgin to Gloria?&quot; Becky
  started.  
&quot;I don't know. Have I really lost it the same as you did?&quot;  
&quot;I guess so. Anyway Ronnie, I could tell you enjoyed your first fuck
  after the first few minutes same as I did. Probably better that it was an experienced
  man rather than some boy who really didn't know what to do. And it was in a
  bed, not in a doorway or out on the moor.&quot;  
&quot;It would have been nicer if my cunnie wasn't so sore. God that strap
  still hurts but the fuck did take my mind of it a bit.&quot;  
&quot;As it did mine. I was really sore inside. I was younger than you are
  and as Kathryn said, I was a late developer and very small there.&quot;  
&quot;Shouldn't we move forward again now?&quot; queried Veronica.  
&quot;Maybe, but I think you'll enjoy the next bit here first.&quot;  
The pair did move forward in time but only by a few minutes. A hand crept
  slowly across Peter's sleeping body to reach and grip Becky's right tit. Gently
  the hand squeezed the soft flesh, massaged the nipple and tweaked them to hardness.
  These manipulations began to arouse Becky again and she gave a little moan.
  It was enough to disturb Peter. &quot;Kathy if you want to play girlie games
  with our new little toy, do so but not across my body. I might even join in.&quot;  
Kathryn climbed over Peter and instructed Becky to go headfirst down the
  bed. Kathryn lay on top of her in the classic sixty-nine position. &quot;Suck
  and lick me,&quot; she called down, &quot;Do to me what I do to you.&quot; Spreading
  Becky's thighs, Kathryn plunged her head down and lapped the fluids still leaking
  from the younger girl's violated cunt. It was a smell and taste she enjoyed.
  Peter watched and pulled at Becky's clit whenever Kathryn raised her head for
  long enough to get his hand there. Each time Becky flinched. The whole area
  was still sore from the strapping but Kathryn's tongue seemed to ease the pain
  a little.  
Meanwhile at the other end, Becky was doing her best in the darkness to satisfy
  the woman lying above her. It wasn't too difficult because Kathryn did much
  of the work by rubbing her mound on Becky's lips and nose. Before too long
  Kathryn's juices flooded Becky's face and the movements ceased.  
Again for a short while, all was quiet and Becky moved forward another ten
  minutes in time. &quot;Suck me hard again Rebecca,&quot; Peter ordered as he
  rolled Becky on top of him and once more spread her thighs. &quot;Your cunnie
  is colouring purple now. Shows nicely against your white legs.&quot; Becky
  tried to ignore the probing of her tender pubic area and concentrated on bringing
  the semi-hard manhood to full hardness although she wasn't looking forward
  to taking it inside her cunt again. She was sore inside and out but luckily
  she was spared a repeat of the ordeal.  
&quot;You're not giving it to that girl again Peter. It's my turn again now.
  Throwing the bedclothes off, Kathryn impaled herself on Peter's erection and
  proceeded to bounce up and down on it. Becky could only watch and wonder if
  she would have to do it that way. Before long though, Kathryn tired and Peter
  took the lead. Again, after his climax, he demanded Becky's cleaning services
  and then all three lay down and dozed.  
Becky woke with a start. &quot;Oh God! Ronnie, sorry, I think we ought to
  go back. I went to sleep before going forward and now it must be midnight or
  later and our five hours must be over. If we are to be back before Gloria wakes,
  we'll have to go now and come back here later. Sorry, I know I expected to
  go to where your bottom was healed but there are things I don't want you to
  miss.&quot;  
&quot;I suppose you're right. I felt tired too. Didn't know sex was so tiring.
  Ow, I do feel sore down there. I guess you are too otherwise I wouldn't be.
  Take us back and perhaps we can sleep some more in my bed.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;So you little minx, what have you been up to now? I've watched the
  shameless way you've carried on for the last four hours.&quot;  
Veronica ignored the questions for the moment and looked at the clock. 6:30
  a.m. &quot;You shouldn't be up yet.&quot; She commented as a great sleepiness
  overcame her.  
&quot;I woke and found you gone.&quot; Gloria's tone was icy. &quot;Found
  your door jammed but luckily I have a key to the other door too and came in
  to find you in another trance-state. Seemed like a nightmare but then I saw
  your note so I thought I had better let it take its course. Now are you going
  to tell me what is going on?&quot;  
&quot;Sorry Gloria, I can't. I must sleep.&quot;  
&quot;Sleep! I've watched you sleeping. I've seen the marks appear on your
  breasts. Seen how your vagina has swollen. Seen the blood and sperm dribbling.
  Even smelled the scent. Somehow you've been having sex. I don't know how or
  why but I intend to find out.&quot; Part of Gloria's vehement outburst went
  unheard. Veronica drifted off to a deep natural all-pervasive sleep.  
Chapter 4. Douched   
Noon. &quot;Wake up, Veronica, wake up!&quot; Slowly Veronica awoke to Gloria's
  angry voice and felt the bedclothes being pulled off. Worse, she held the hairbrush.  
&quot;No, Gloria. Please no.&quot; Veronica cried.  
&quot;It's ma'am to you girl. You are hired help. Help that was supposed
  to be at work hours ago.&quot; Gloria laid the brush on Veronica's pubic mound. &quot;You
  deserve a severe hiding girl. Unfortunately with the workmen downstairs, I
  cannot give it to you at the moment. Nor do I know if the bruising that shows
  on your body is real. It seems to be and it seems painful so that too may prevent
  me from punishing you properly.&quot;  
&quot;They are real and they do hurt badly.&quot; Veronica was crying now. &quot;We
  didn't have time....&quot; She stopped in mid sentence. &quot;Sorry ma'am.
  I cannot tell you more.&quot;  
&quot;You can and you will!&quot; Gloria's anger rose. &quot;You will tell
  me or I'll thrash you so hard until you do. Just you wait until tonight when
  we're alone here again. I'm not paying you to be a lazy slut. Either you clear
  off now or get to work and take your punishment later. There had better be
  a good explanation for all this.&quot;  
&quot;Ma'am,&quot; Veronica pleaded, &quot;I cannot tell you. I just can't.
  I cannot leave either. I'm tied to this place in ways you will never understand.
  Sack me if you wish, but please allow me to stay even if it is in one of the
  tiny servant's rooms upstairs or even the punishment room in the cellar. Just
  let me stay for a while anyway. I must....&quot;  
&quot;What punishment room? Where'd you get that notion from?&quot; Veronica
  just shook her head, closed her eyes and set her mouth firmly shut. She knew
  she'd already said too much. Gloria berated her for a while longer but seeing
  she was getting nowhere, abruptly ordered her to dress and get to work. &quot;I'll
  consider your position here later,&quot; she snapped finally.  
&quot;Thread this wire through for me, would you?&quot; The young electrician,
  who everyone called Sparkie, asked. &quot;I'll pull it when it comes through
  and perhaps you can watch and see it doesn't kink.&quot; Veronica was trying
  to clear up in the lounge but the floorboards were still up along one side
  of the room and there were coils of electrical cable lying around. She did
  as requested. &quot;Thanks love,&quot; Sparkie said when he returned from the
  other side of the wall. &quot;If you wouldn't mind doing the same thing with
  these other three coils, then I can get the floor down and you can finish clearing
  up.&quot; Sparkie paused, &quot;You don't seem too happy today. Surely no late
  night orgies out here.&quot; He laughed and Veronica smiled for the first time
  that afternoon.  
&quot;Not exactly, but sometimes it is difficult to sleep in an old house
  like this. Of course, I'll help with the wires.&quot;  
&quot;When do you get time off?&quot; Sparkie asked.  
&quot;Not until we get you lot out of here, I guess,&quot; Veronica replied.
  She realised that for the first time she was being 'chatted up.' An hour later
  she was still helping Sparkie although there was no real need. Finally the
  last of the floorboards were down and Sparkie had to move into the next room.  
&quot;Thanks for the help,&quot; he said as he left, &quot;Maybe we should
  get together after work and have some fun.&quot;  
&quot;What am I going to do Becky?&quot; Veronica sat on the loo. With all
  the workmen around it was the only place she could find a little privacy. &quot;I
  can't tell Gloria about us without her going berserk and probably throwing
  me out. I still want to go back with you and learn more about life in your
  time, even if it is painful. I can't leave here.&quot;  
&quot;What do you want to do with the knowledge you get from me, Ronnie?
  Keep it to yourself? Give talks? Write a book?&quot;  
&quot;I wouldn't mind writing a book. But I wouldn't want to handwrite it
  like in your days. I don't have a computer of my own and I doubt Gloria's in
  a mood to loan me one of hers. I'll think about it.&quot; She flushed the loo
  and returned to the chaos in the kitchen and made a huge pot of tea to serve
  to motley collection of men and the two girls working there. Sparkie, she noticed,
  was chatting to one of them and causing her to giggle. Veronica guessed he
  was trying his luck with her.  
&quot;Well? Do I get an explanation now?&quot; Gloria demanded in a threatening
  tone. Veronica had seen nothing of her employer until dinner that evening;
  dinner eaten in stony silence. Now with the clearing up done, Veronica knew
  the questioning and possible punishment would begin. &quot;Answer me girl!&quot;  
Looking at Gloria with more courage than she felt, Veronica replied firmly. &quot;No,
  ma'am. I cannot give you an explanation at this time.&quot;  
&quot;Cannot or will not?&quot;  
&quot;Bit of both ma'am. Either way the result is the same. I cannot tell
  you. And as I said before, I cannot leave here either.&quot;  
&quot;And if I throw you out?&quot;  
&quot;I would have to find a way back in and hide in one of the many empty
  rooms. I'm sorry ma'am. These things are outside my control.&quot; Her tone
  was defiant.  
&quot;So the only other alternative is for me to thrash it out of you. It
  seems you leave me no other choice Veronica.&quot;  
&quot;Ma'am, please don't do that. On top of what I have already had, it
  would be just too cruel.&quot;  
&quot;Show me.&quot; Veronica opened her blouse and showed the blotches and
  bruises on her breasts caused by Peter's and Kathy's manipulations. Lowering
  her knickers, revealed stripes across her arse that were now turning purple
  with yellowish edges and her pubic mound, although protected by more hair than
  Becky's, was swollen and bruised. Gloria touched the tender flesh carefully.
  Veronica winced and stifled a cry.  
&quot;Please ma'am. They are really painful. Please be careful,&quot; Veronica
  begged.  
&quot;So you did have sex with a man last night,&quot; remarked Gloria as
  she probed the depths of Veronica's cunt with her finger, &quot;And I have
  refrained from using the dildo on you to save your precious virginity.&quot; Anger
  showed in Gloria's voice. &quot;What I just can't understand is how. I sat
  by your bed most of the night and watched. Your body was seemingly lifeless
  and yet those red marks appeared on your breasts and on your mound. Your nipples
  hardened and the labia swelled and then blood and semen flowed out. Just like
  you were being fucked. But I was the only person near. It was an eerie sensation
  just watching. How do you explain that? Did a man have you last night? Answer
  me girl!&quot;  
&quot;I can't say what happened ma'am. I just can't tell you.&quot;  
&quot;You can and you will. I'm not having a little bitch like you trying
  to pull the wool over my eyes!&quot; Gloria screamed as she stormed out of
  the room only to return moments later with the dreaded hairbrush. Without further
  ado, she dragged Veronica to the sofa and laid her across her lap ready for
  the anticipated spanking. &quot;I've had just about enough of your nonsense
  girl. I'm supposed to be responsible for your discipline and discipline is
  what I am going to give you. Too bad your bottom is a little tender already.
  It will be very much more so when I've done. No girl of your age is going to
  make a fool of me that's for sure. At least not without paying the full price.&quot; Gloria
  angrily raised the hairbrush.  
&quot;BECKY HELP!!&quot; Almost instantly it seemed, Veronica's body went
  limp as she entered her trance state. Even if she'd wanted to, Gloria could
  not have stopped the downward passage of the brush. It hit the exposed buttocks
  with some force but instead of rebounding from firm, resilient flesh, it just
  flattened the soft, lifeless tissue. Nor did the recipient react to having
  received a painful blow. She just lay there as though in a deep sleep.  
&quot;Damn and bugger the girl,&quot; Gloria swore, &quot;She's foiled me
  again. How does she do it? Who is this Becky? Where does her mind go? Who does
  things to her body?&quot; Gloria resolved to find out. The problem was how
  could she do it.  
&quot;Thanks Becky. I don't think I could stand another walloping from Gloria.
  When and where are we?&quot;  
&quot;You'll get worse if you stay with me,&quot; Becky replied, &quot;But
  at the moment it is a few hours after we lost our virginity. Master Peter has
  sent us or rather me, to Mrs. Simmons to get a douche.&quot; Veronica noted
  Becky was holding a candle in a holder and they were moving through the darkened
  house. She guessed it must be the early hours of the morning and wondered what
  sort of reception they would get from Mrs. Simmons. She didn't have long to
  wait. Becky timidly knocked at Mrs. Simmons door. No reply. She knocked again
  a little louder and a sleepily angry voice ordered her in.  
&quot;You should have been here hours ago girl!&quot; the woman complained
  as she turned up the oil lamp at her bedside. It woke her husband. Both sat
  up in bed. Both were naked. &quot;Get that dress off, girl.&quot; Becky hesitated
  when she saw Mr. Simmons staring. &quot;Hurry up girl,&quot; Mrs. Simmons barked, &quot;Reggie
  will get to see you close enough ere long and his prick will give you a good
  poking as soon as the masters have had their fill.&quot;  
Still unused to men seeing her unclothed, Becky blushed but did as ordered.
  Reggie got up from the bed and sat in a wooden chair. In doing so Becky had
  a clear view of his semi hard prick as it jutted from his body at a slight
  downward angle. &quot;Lie with your shoulders on the floor and your hips up
  between Reggie's knees. I need that little cunnie of yours pointing up at the
  ceiling,&quot; Mrs. Simmons instructed. When she couldn't seem to get into
  the required position, Reggie gripped her legs and hauled them up until he
  could grip her waist between his thighs. He then pushed her legs apart so her
  cunt was fully open. Becky could only lie in that rather obscene and slightly
  uncomfortable position and watch as the butler's fingers explored her opening.  
&quot;She's really tight and small,&quot; he remarked to his wife, &quot;Young
  girls like her should remain tight for a while even when the masters and their
  friends have poked her a good many times.&quot;  
&quot;No need for you to worry overmuch now. Just hold her open while I fill
  this douche and get her cleaned so we can get a few more hours sleep.&quot;  
Becky watched with trepidation as the large polished metal syringe was filled
  with liquid from a jug. Veronica had never seen anything like it, &quot;Surely,&quot; she
  thought, &quot;They are not going to put that unsterilised thing in Becky's
  cunt.&quot; But they did. Reggie pulled her cunt lips apart and Freida pushed
  the bluntly rounded end of the cylinder in and when she was satisfied it had
  penetrated far enough, pushed the plunger down forcing the liquid into the
  depths of her vagina. Becky sobbed with the pain as this large foreign object
  and a liquid that stung invaded the already tender tissues inside her vagina.
  The syringe was left in for some minutes and then removed for Becky to pee
  into the bedside commode. Twice more the operation was repeated. Each time
  when she had to position herself between Reggie's legs she noticed his erection
  had become harder. It was somewhat larger than Master Peter's she noted.  
When it was finally over the housekeeper commented icily, &quot;Now look
  what you've done you little hussy. You've gone and gotten my husband all excited.
  I've already serviced it once tonight so you'd better get those lips of yours
  over it and service it this time. Just a pity he can't use your proper hole.&quot; When
  she didn't move quickly enough, Reggie roughly pulled her face to his crotch.  
&quot;Smaack!!&quot; Frieda's hand landed on Becky's already sore arse. &quot;Suck
  him! And suck him well or I'll find Reggie's belt.&quot; Needing no further
  encouragement Becky did as ordered and before long felt his seed hit the back
  of her throat. &quot;Make sure it's clean, Rebecca. I don't want it dribbling
  on my sheets again,&quot; the housekeeper ordered.  
&quot;You'd better spend the rest of the night in our bed,&quot; Reggie suggested.  
&quot;Sir, Master Peter said I was to return to him and Miss Kathryn as soon
  as you had done.&quot;  
&quot;Then you had better get back. If he asks why it took so long, say we
  had to do it several times because of the delay in your getting here.&quot;  
Veronica opened her eyes slightly. She was in her own bed. Gloria was looking
  down and seemed genuinely pleased she'd come back to life. &quot;You make me
  so worried Veronica.&quot; She spoke quietly. &quot;You obviously had sex again
  with someone large. And from the handprint on your bottom, you were punished
  or perhaps forced to suck a man. I presume you're still not going to tell me.&quot; When
  Veronica shook her head, &quot;We'll talk about it in the morning. I'm too
  tired to argue now,&quot; Gloria said as she left.  
&quot;You still didn't get me to the stage when my bottom would have healed,
  Becky. You promised.&quot; Veronica chided her friend.  
&quot;And if I had, you'd be feeling the hairbrush and that is pain I can't
  take away. The pain from the strapping is easing now anyway even if the bruises
  still show.&quot;  
Chapter 5. Edward has a turn   
Veronica woke. 8 a.m. &quot;Late again,&quot; she thought as she peed and
  then put the coffee machine on. Gloria was still asleep. &quot;It's Sunday.
  No workmen today.&quot; she remembered. &quot;A little time to ourselves.&quot; For
  a few moments she squirmed on the hard seat before deciding to get a cushion
  and talk to her ethereal companion. &quot;You awake Becky?&quot; she silently
  asked as she ate toast and marmalade.  
&quot;Of course. Arse still tender?&quot;  
&quot;A little.&quot;  
&quot;In some ways I'm luckier. I only feel it when I take you back and relive
  my life. Now I have no form to hurt.&quot;  
&quot;Yet you seem to want to take me even though it hurts you, Becky.&quot; Veronica
  was puzzled. &quot;Why?&quot;  
&quot;I don't really know. Perhaps it is because I can take you Ronnie. Show
  you a very different life to what you are used to. Oddly you seem to be the
  only one I can do that to. Gloria doesn't react when I touch her and neither
  did two of the workmen. I would like everyone to know of my short life here
  but you must wait until you know it all and can write it like a story. If they
  read it now they'd probably lock you away and try and destroy me if you told
  them what we've done so far.&quot;  
&quot;I guess you're right. If I write it all down they won't know if it
  is fact or fiction. If I do it on computer I can password protect the file
  so no one can read it until I'm ready. Maybe I can PGP encrypt it as well.
  Yes, if I can get Gloria's old computer, that's what I'll do. It's a slow machine
  but it will do for word processing and maybe I can scrounge the scanner as
  well.&quot;  
&quot;Do you think she'll let you borrow it Ronnie?&quot;  
&quot;That's the problem, what will I be able to say get her to allow it?&quot; Veronica
  thought.  
It was ten o'clock when Veronica took Gloria's second cup of coffee to her
  room. In the previous two hours she'd debated with Becky various ways to tackle
  Gloria or find a form of words that would allow her to stay and have the use
  of a computer. They hadn't come to any conclusion but Veronica had learned
  a little more of Becky's early life. &quot;Be brave. Be bold.&quot; She told
  herself as she entered the bedroom. Gloria didn't seem very happy and looked
  ready to give Veronica another sharp tongue-lashing. Veronica forestalled her.  
&quot;Gloria, I need to talk to you woman to woman about my position here.
  I know you want me to tell you about what happens when I go into a trance...&quot;  
&quot;And who Becky is that saved you from a thrashing last night,&quot; Gloria
  interrupted.  
Ignoring the comment, Veronica went on, &quot;That at the moment I cannot
  tell you. The danger to Becky and myself is too great. One day you may get
  to know but not now. You will have to be patient with me. Literally, my life
  depends on it. You promised my father you would look after me. Bringing me
  here has brought me into contact with things neither you nor I ever anticipated.
  I cannot go back and if you send me away, I would have to return on my own.
  I have a task thrown into my life that I must complete one way or the other.
  It is a task that seems to involve leaving my physical body to experience things
  that happened years ago. You have seen how realistic those experiences have
  been. What lies ahead I do not know.&quot; Veronica paused. It was the longest
  speech she'd ever made. Gloria opened her mouth to speak but was silenced by
  a finger being put to her lips. Veronica went on, &quot;Hear me out, Gloria
  please. I know you want me to help with the work around here and I also know
  now that it is not only the work I am required for. You wish to play with my
  body and in general I have no problem with that. I enjoy you doing it and doing
  it to you, the problem is with fitting this new task of mine and your work
  and demands into one schedule.&quot;  
&quot;You are here to do my work girl and just lately you've been pretty
  slack at that. What with this trance stuff and eyeing up the electricians.&quot;  
&quot;I said hear me out Gloria.&quot; Veronica's words came out more forcibly
  than she intended. &quot;What I propose is this. Instead of being an employed
  servant, I become your companion who you feed and provide suitable work clothes.
  In return I will help around the house most mornings or at other times by arrangement.
  For this I will receive &pound;20 a week pocket money. That is far less than
  you are paying me now. The rest of each day is free for me to do as I wish.
  I may decide to continue to work for you on the house or I may work on my project.
  For that I would require your second computer and one of the upstairs rooms,
  preferably Mrs. Simmons room.&quot;  
&quot;Mrs. Simmons?&quot; queried Gloria.  
&quot;Sorry, the second biggest of the three rooms on the third floor. That
  room to be out of bounds to you. If you wish I will give up my downstairs bedroom
  completely although that may not be so convenient for you when you need my
  night time services. I also expect to be having more out of body experiences.
  You may watch me during those times but you must never, never, try and wake
  me or bring me back.&quot;  
&quot;Really miss, I don't think you are in a position to make demands. And
  why the computer? I didn't think you knew much about them.&quot;  
&quot;You never asked. I did computer studies at school and was good at it;
  so far here I've not needed to use one here. And I believe what I have asked
  for is not unrealistic considering the alternatives. I could drift off like
  the last few days as I when I can get away. I never know what state I will
  be in on my return. Or you can dismiss me and I will have to hide away in one
  of the sheds or in the basement. Neither option is satisfactory.&quot;  
&quot;But why the computer?&quot; Gloria persisted.  
&quot;Because I want to write a book of my experiences.&quot;  
&quot;So I can read what you get up to.&quot;  
&quot;Not until the end.&quot;  
&quot;And Becky and Mrs. Simmons?&quot;  
Veronica debated how much to tell her. &quot;Becky is my guide. Mrs. Simmons
  and her husband were housekeeper and butler here in 1782. That's all you need
  to know for now.&quot;  
Gloria argued further but the only concession she got was Veronica's work
  hours were increased to six a day on weekdays, reduced to just helping with
  the meals on weekends. She also promised when practical, to tell Gloria when
  preparing for an 'out of body experience' as they now called them although
  Veronica wasn't sure it was an apt term. &quot;It's more an in someone else's
  body experience,&quot; she laughed to herself.  
For most of the remainder of the day Veronica spent clearing the housekeeper's
  room and getting the computer up there. Unfortunately there was no electricity
  yet. All the wiring was outdated and Sparkie had cut the supply off and had
  yet to get that far with the renewal. Veronica hoped he could run a temporary
  lead up from the lower floor on Monday.  
&quot;Shall we complete your first night at the Hall Becky? Will I come back
  with my sore bum healed?&quot; Veronica asked her friend that evening when
  things were quiet.  
&quot;I don't know about that,&quot; Becky laughed, &quot;Are you telling
  Gloria?&quot;  
&quot;I'd better, at least for the first few times.&quot;  
The flickering candlelight showed they were back at Master Peter's room.
  Becky slipped quietly inside, hoping not to disturb the master. Shrugging her
  dress off, she crept into the bed alongside Peter and blew out the light. Unfortunately
  even her careful efforts not to cause a disturbance roused Peter. His arm quickly
  encompassed her body and dragged it tightly to his. &quot;Gently play with
  my pego,&quot; he whispered so as not to wake Kathryn, &quot;While I work on
  your titties.&quot; Becky did as requested but soon ceased when she heard Peter
  gently snoring.  
Veronica's awakened with a start and saw light coming through the windows. &quot;Becky
  must have fast forwarded to morning,&quot; she guessed.  
&quot;She's waking up Peter.&quot; The voice was Kathryn's and so were the
  fingers deeply probing her still tender cunt. It was Becky's cunt of course. &quot;Send
  her for our breakfast and then we can have some more fun with her.&quot;  
&quot;Go to cook,&quot; Peter ordered, &quot;And tell her to send coffee
  and breakfast for three to this room. And tell her to be quick about it otherwise
  she'll feel the strap on her arse again.&quot;  
Becky scurried down to the kitchen and relayed the message. Cook was a rotund
  jolly person and just laughed, &quot;It's all ready Janet and Martha'll bring
  it up almost as soon as you get back. He saw enough of my fat bum yesterday.&quot;  
Sure enough, breakfast arrived soon after Becky was in bed alongside the
  master. Janet gave he a knowing look as if to say, &quot;I know what you've
  been up to. I been in bed with him too.&quot; For someone used to having a
  few morsels of bread for breakfast if she was lucky, Becky thought it an enormous
  meal. Eggs, ham, warm bread, kidneys and coffee. &quot;Help yourself girl,
  you need feeding up a bit. Need to put some flesh over those bony ribs of yours,&quot; Peter
  told her. Becky soon felt over full and drowsy and wondered if she would be
  used again. In one way she didn't want him to touch her down there because
  of the soreness but she also wanted to feel him close to her.  
The notion was dispelled when Kathryn demanded, &quot;Come on Peter, that
  prick of yours should have recovered enough for one more fuck. I need it. You
  can have Rebecca anytime. I have to get back this morning.&quot; Becky continued
  to be shocked at the language used by this young lady she believed to be a
  well-bred aristocrat. Peter seemed to accept it and in fact the coarseness
  of her words seemed to turn him on.  
&quot;How do you want it?&quot; he enquired.  
&quot;Horsy style.&quot; Kathryn knelt on all fours with her arse in the
  air. Veronica rightly guessed Horsy equated with doggie in modern parlance. &quot;Crawl
  under me Rebecca and lick his cock and balls while he fucks me,&quot; she went
  on. With a few more instructions and some pushing, Becky found herself on her
  back under Kathryn. From this position she had a close up view of Peter's prick
  as it entered the open wet cunt ahead of it. Becky knew she had to try and
  lick it but the position was a little awkward. Peter didn't complain.  
She'd only being licking for a few minutes when Kathryn's hands widely parted
  her thighs and Becky felt a warm tongue caressing her clit. It was a sensation
  she began to enjoy. Feeling the same sensations transmitted, Veronica was in
  heaven.  
&quot;Knock, knock.&quot; Vaguely Becky heard the door open and someone enter.  
&quot;Sorry to disturb you father, but will you be needing the trap today?&quot; Both
  Peter and Edward seemed unconcerned that everyone in the bedroom was not only
  naked but were engaged in sex.  
&quot;No Edward, I shan't be needing it. You going over to the Shelbourne's?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, perhaps I will be able to get into Ruth's knickers today. Almost
  did at the weekend but she's a bit stubborn. Want's to save herself for marriage.
  As if a man is going to take on a woman who he's not tried out!&quot; Edward
  sounded disgusted.  
&quot;This one's having a good try out,&quot; laughed Peter as he pounded
  into Kathryn.  
&quot;How was the new maid?&quot; Edward asked.  
&quot;Nice and tight.&quot;  
&quot;Any chance of a quick try out, father?&quot;  
&quot;She's not going out for everyone yet, but if you want to poke her while
  she's here, feel free.&quot; Becky heard and was appalled but knew there was
  little she could do about it. A pair of hands gripped her ankles and pulled
  her from under Kathryn, leaving her with her body on the bed and her legs dangling
  to the floor.  
&quot;Right little girl. You tasted my pego yesterday but today you're going
  to feel it inside you. Open those legs nice and wide.&quot; Becky watched as
  he opened his britches, removed his prick and gave it a few rubs to harden
  it fully. By now she knew what to expect and silently thanked Kathryn for lubricating
  her. Edward had no time for niceties. He plunged his prick straight in making
  Becky cry out but she held her position to meet Edward's thrusts. &quot;Yes
  father, she is nice and tight and tender too. Nothing like a young girl's cunnie
  to grip a pego. I hope Ruth's is as tight even though she's a few years older.&quot; Edward
  soon finished and after she ritually sucked his cock clean, thanked his father
  and left.  
&quot;She'd better get another douche,&quot; Kathryn suggested and sent Becky
  to Mrs. Simmons.  
&quot;Not again!&quot; Mrs. Simmons complained, &quot;We must fit you up
  with sponges before you go back.&quot; Reggie didn't seem to be around so she
  called to Alex the boot-boy and told him to pull a chair into a clear space
  in the kitchen.  
Becky was horrified when she realised she was to be douched in front of everyone. &quot;Please,
  you're not going to do it here are you?&quot;  
&quot;You think you've something the others haven't? They've seen it all
  before and experienced it too. On the floor with you young Rebecca. Bottom
  up between Alex's legs. You should know what to do after last night.&quot; Humiliated,
  Becky had to comply especially when Janet and Mary pulled her legs apart. &quot;I'm
  surprised Master Peter had you twice when he had Mistress Kathryn there,&quot; Mrs.
  Simmons commented.  
&quot;It was Master Edward ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Well, well the master must have been in a good mood. Open her up Alex.&quot; Becky
  noted this time the douche was polished copper but much the same size and shape
  as the one in the bedroom. It felt the same as it was forced into her abused
  opening and the liquid injected. The process caused many ribald comments from
  the servants standing around watching the whole affair. Twice she was made
  to empty the contents of her vagina into a chamber pot. A tradesman at the
  door interrupted the third douche. &quot;Hold that while I deal with the wine
  man,&quot; she instructed Alex, handing him the douche.  
Alex wasn't content with just holding it; he worked it up and down inside
  her cunt. The girls encouraged him. &quot;Fuck her hard. She needs to know
  what it's like.&quot; Janet's voice was raised above the others. Others added
  their voices. Unfortunately he was paying more attention to Becky than watching
  for Mrs. Simmons return.  
&quot;So, you dare to take liberties with my staff, young Alex? And you two
  girls made no attempt to stop him. Indeed it seemed as if you were egging him
  on. I'll deal with you all when I finished with this girl. When Becky had finished
  voiding the contents of her vagina and had emptied the pot in an outside hole,
  she returned to find Alex removing his britches. &quot;Push them right down,
  boy.&quot; Mrs. Simmons had a two-tailed strap in her hand. &quot;What's this?&quot; she
  went on indicating his half hard prick, &quot;I don't think you should be showing
  it in this state to the ladies. Put it on the table.&quot;  
&quot;No, Mrs. Simmons, please no. I couldn't help it. Please don't hit it.
  I couldn't...&quot; Alex pleaded but was cut short when Mrs. Simmons pushed
  him to the table.  
&quot;Hold his arms please Cook.&quot; Cook was a powerful woman and soon
  had his arms pinned. &quot;Lay his pego out Janet if you please.&quot; Janet
  laid Alex's weapon flat on the hard surface of the table so it stood directly
  out from his body. &quot;Perhaps this will help you to control that thing,&quot; Mrs.
  Simmons was smiling evilly as she brought the strap down hard across the end
  of the exposed prick. Cook had difficulty in holding Alex when the strap struck.
  He emitted a horrendous scream but that didn't stop him receiving three more
  to his organ. Each time Janet moved it so the leather caught a slightly different
  area. Becky felt sorry for the boy as did some of the others but it made no
  difference.  
&quot;Bend over the table now boy,&quot; Mrs. Simmons ordered. &quot;Hold
  yourself there or you know what happens.&quot; Alex gripped the far side of
  the table and held on grimly as six hard strokes were laid on his backside.
  Tears streamed from his eyes as he stood and rubbed his sore arse.  
&quot;Your turn Janet. Over the table with you.&quot; Janet's bottom too
  received six with the strap, which caused her eyes to water, and then it was
  Mary's turn. Both girls vowed revenge on Becky for the trouble she'd caused
  although really she had nothing to do with it, only an innocent victim.  
&quot;Your arse will be sore tonight too,&quot; Janet hissed, &quot;That
  Kathryn has gone back so Master Peter will take it out on you and I'll do my
  best to make sure he does.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;I think we'll go back now Ronnie. It's mainly kitchen work for the
  rest of the day.&quot; Becky was leaning over a zinc pail washing potatoes.  
&quot;Before I get my arse whipped again? Thought I would be going back without
  any strap marks this time. You lied to me Becky.&quot;  
&quot;Not really. But it is taking me longer to show you things than I thought.
  And, no, I'm not going to tell you what comes next. You'll just have to wait
  for the next instalment like on your TV.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;So the slut is back with us again,&quot; Gloria remarked icily. &quot;You

  seemed to have been well fucked again. Same man?&quot;  
&quot;No, not this time,&quot; responded Veronica wearily. &quot;His son.&quot;  
Chapter 6. Real life sex   
'It was in the winter of 1782 that I, Rebecca Morton, came to work at Bledgemoor
  Hall being persuaded to do so by one of the maids whom I knew slightly. I didn't
  then know what the job entailed or that the staff at the hall were paid a half
  a crown if they introduced a young girl to the masters and a full crown if
  the girl was a virgin. At fourteen years old I was both. My virginity lasted
  hardly a day.' Veronica started typing her story. It had taken longer than
  she anticipated getting the computer up and running. Sparkie was the first
  obstacle.  
&quot;I won't be wiring that floor for another week at least Veronica,&quot; he
  told he when she asked.  
&quot;But can't you just run a lead up so that I can plug in a six-way socket?&quot;  
&quot;I suppose I could miss, but there are safety issues with loose leads
  and I've my reputation to consider. Besides Miss Gloria expects me to finish
  the big room by tomorrow.&quot;  
&quot;Please, it would only take a few minutes,&quot; Veronica pleaded.  
&quot;Perhaps if you made it worth my while, I could do it in my lunch hour
  or better still, after I finish this evening.&quot;  
&quot;I don't have much money and I haven't been paid for this month yet.&quot; Veronica
  had a feeling she knew what he was after but didn't want to admit it to herself.  
&quot;It wasn't your money I was thinking of. You have bodily assets that
  you could utilise.&quot;  
Veronica now knew exactly what he wanted and stalled until the following
  day when she asked again, receiving the same answer. For a while she hesitated
  but then thought, &quot;Why not? I'm not a virgin and surely he won't be worse
  than Edward. It might be fun to find out what it is like to have real sex on
  my own and not through Becky.&quot; Out loud she blushingly replied, &quot;Okay
  but you've got to use a condom and Gloria mustn't know.&quot; Although she
  thought Sparkie would be clean she decided to be cautious and have condom protection
  against disease. She'd been on the pill long enough now for it to be effective.  
Sparkie actually did most of the wiring during the working day. &quot;I need
  power on that floor now to use my drill to pierce holes through the ceilings
  below,&quot; he informed Gloria before she left on a shopping trip to Leeds
  and a dental appointment at 4:45. Veronica knew it would be nearly six before
  she returned. Sparkie fixed a double socket on the landing of the top floor.
  From there a standard extension lead, went to Veronica's room. For most of
  the day, to keep out of Sparkie's way, Veronica cleared more of the old carriage
  house but she left the chest she knew contained Becky's bones undisturbed. &quot;I
  will give them a proper burial later,&quot; she told Becky.  
&quot;And if you do, we may lose contact with each other,&quot; Becky replied.  
&quot;I'll have to find somewhere to hide you then. You should be safe here
  for a while.&quot;  
At three o'clock she returned to the house to make tea for the workers. As
  she handed Sparkie his mug he whispered, &quot;Only got to put a fuse in the
  main box and you'll have power, at least you will when you've paid for the
  supply. Be in your room at 4:30.&quot; Most of the workers left about that
  time, to get back to town and their homes before five. Only a few stayed on
  to complete work started. Sparkie had done so for several days in a row and
  being single and his own boss had even worked once at a weekend. No one would
  be suspicious if he worked late that day.  
&quot;How you've changed me Becky,&quot; she remarked as she fidgeted on
  the edge of the bed awaiting Sparkie's arrival, &quot;A few days ago I would
  never have done this. I would still have been a virgin. Now I sit here waiting
  for a man I hardly know to come and fuck me. Will you feel him like I feel
  it when you have sex?&quot;  
&quot;Unfortunately no. I shall see it but not feel it. At least I don't
  feel anything when you and Gloria do it. I'm not inside you, just an outsider
  looking in.&quot; Becky sounded sad but they had no time for further conversation
  before Sparkie entered.  
If Veronica expected to just drop her trousers and open her legs for a quick
  bang-bang, she was soon disillusioned. &quot;We've got a good hour and a half
  Vera...&quot;  
&quot;Ronnie, not Vera. I hate that name.&quot;  
&quot;Okay Ronnie, as I was saying we've got a good hour and a half so we've
  time for a little foreplay. First I'm going to undress you and then you can
  do the same for me.&quot;  
&quot;No! That's not part of it.&quot; Veronica quickly thought about her
  bruises. They were fading but still showed clearly.  
&quot;Oh yes it is. I want to see and play with those tits of yours and see
  the body I am fucking. Either you cooperate or I'll have to do it the hard
  way and I don't think you're strong enough to resist.&quot; Again Veronica
  shook her head, no, but soon found the truth of his words as she found herself
  pinned to the bed by his knees while his hands pulled the hem of her sweater
  up and over her head. Despite further struggles she could not prevent his unbuttoning
  her blouse and this soon followed the sweater on to the nearby chair.  
Cursing the front fastening bra Gloria liked her to wear because of the easier
  access it gave to her charge's breasts, Veronica lost all hope she could keep
  the marks on her body a secret. &quot;Oh it looks as if you like it rough Ronnie.
  Is this what you and your lezzie boss get up to? Or have you been having it
  away with those builders?&quot;  
Veronica shook her head, &quot;Noooo! You don't understand! Just do it and
  get it over with.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps it was those two girl decorators?&quot; Sparkie went on, &quot;Marge
  likes a good fuck. Maybe she's into women too. Sadie is. At least that's what
  Marge told me.&quot; All the while he was talking, Sparkie mauled and suckled
  Veronica's tits. Gradually she quietened down and allowed him to play with
  them as he wished. In any case she could feel her cunt was becoming moist and
  she was almost sorry when his hands left them alone to undo the stud on her
  jeans. She resigned herself to him seeing the bruises on her bottom and cunt
  lips.  
&quot;It must be that butch dyke Gloria,&quot; commented Sparkie when he
  saw and gently touched them, &quot;Some are quite old. Still a bit tender I
  guess. That's not stopping me though. Time you undressed me, girl. My cock's
  ready and waiting to get into your tight little hole.&quot;  
Reluctantly and with apprehension tinged with a little excitement, Veronica
  undid Sparkie's belt. Already the jeans were bulging at the front. Trembling
  she opened his flies and lowered his trousers but his prick was still hidden
  by his underpants although they were well tented out. &quot;Shoes off first
  gal,&quot; Sparkie ordered, &quot;You can't take trousers off with shoes on!&quot;  
Eventually Veronica undressed him till only his pants were left. Before lowering
  these she mused, &quot;Will he be as big as Peter or Edward or Reggie?&quot; Kneeling
  she pulled them down and Sparkie's prick stood out at her face. It wasn't quite
  as large as those she'd seen and felt previously. &quot;What do I do now?&quot; she
  thought and decided to caress it with her hands as she'd seen Kathryn do. Sparkie
  however, took the decision away from her.  
&quot;Suck it while I find the condom,&quot; he demanded grabbing her hair
  and pulling her face to his crotch. Having experienced pricks far less clean,
  Veronica opened her mouth and took it in. Out of the corner of her eye she
  saw him remove a foil packet from his wallet and remove the rubber. The prick
  withdrew. &quot;Put it on me.&quot; Sparkie handed her the condom and assisted
  her to roll it down his hard shaft.  
&quot;How do you want to do it?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;On your back, knees up against your ears Ronnie girl. Then you can
  see and feel it go in.&quot;  
&quot;This is my first real fuck,&quot; thought Veronica now thoroughly aroused
  as Sparkie rubbed his prick at her entrance and then pushed in. Compared to
  the rather painful entrances of Peter and Edward made with their pricks, this
  felt rather nice. Her cunt pleasantly full and she began to respond to his
  thrusts with counter thrusts of her own until Sparkie's movements slowed and
  he jerked a few times as he loosed his seed into the rubber teat. Disappointed
  when he withdrew without satisfying her, and disappointed at not feeling the
  flood of juice inside her, Veronica used her hand to try and bring herself
  to a climax. &quot;Perhaps I do need it rougher,&quot; she told herself. Out
  loud she murmured, &quot;Thanks,&quot; but Sparkie knew he hadn't performed
  like he should have.  
&quot;I'll be hard enough again to give you a longer one before Gloria comes
  back,&quot; Sparkie told her as he lay down and cuddled her.  
Veronica tried unsuccessfully to push him away. &quot;I've paid for the electric
  now. Go and put it on.&quot; Sparkie laughed at her struggles as it gave him
  further opportunities to handle her body. Eventually he tired of it, turned
  her face down on the bed and gave her buttocks half a dozen hard bare hand
  slaps. The pain caused Veronica to squeal but it was nowhere near as bad as
  the hairbrush Gloria used. She continued to fight.  
&quot;So you do like it rough,&quot; laughed Sparkie as he leaned over and
  picked his belt from the floor. &quot;Guess you're more used to something harder
  than a hand.&quot; Before she had understood what Sparkie had done, Veronica
  felt the leather crash across her already tender arse.  
&quot;No! Nooo!!&quot; she screamed. &quot;No! That's hurts too much. Gloria
  will...&quot; Another scream cut her short as the belt descended again. Before
  the third stroke she moved and the lash caught the top of her thighs.  
&quot;Sorry,&quot; Sparkie apologised, &quot;But you need to keep still.
  Perhaps I should tie you down? Or would you like it across your titties Ronnie?&quot; After
  further pleading proved fruitless, she agreed to lie still and take three more
  across the buttocks. The alternative was to be tied and have six with the end
  of the strap on her mound. Her poor arse blazed with a fiery heat when the
  strapping was done but her ordeal was not over. Sparkie flipped her on to her
  back, opened her legs and knelt between them. His prick was hard again and
  still covered with the condom.  
&quot;Surely he isn't going to?&quot; But Sparkie hadn't taken the time to
  change it. He plunged in and jack hammered into her opening. The spanking had
  aroused him but more so Veronica and again she wondered if she was a freak
  that needed pain foreplay before sex. Veronica responded to his thrusts with
  enthusiasm and soon she climaxed and then again before Sparkie finally shot
  a second load of semen into the condom teat. Fortunately it held.  
Time was running short as Sparkie dressed and left with only a brief kiss
  and a final suckle of her tits.  
&quot;You're really beginning to enjoy this sex business, aren't you Ronnie?&quot; Becky
  asked when they were alone again.  
&quot;Perhaps. That last time was enjoyable except my arse is sore again
  and moving forward in your time won't help that. At least he didn't make me
  remove the condom and he wiped himself. He didn't make me suck him clean. Perhaps
  I should have offered? No, he'd think I really was a slut then wouldn't he
  Becky?&quot; Veronica replied.  
&quot;Maybe so. After a while you get used to it. From what I've seen, they
  did it more in my time than now. How are you going to explain the whipping
  to Gloria?&quot;  
&quot;Dunno yet. Might just have to say more or less what happened. She can't
  give Sparkie the sack. He's too good at his job. He might get the rough edge
  of her tongue though!&quot; She paused. &quot;Becky? You saw how the belting
  aroused me. Do you...?&quot;  
&quot;Ronnie, we both know each other's feelings now. You can ask any questions
  you want and I won't be embarrassed because I know how you feel. I saw what
  happened when Sparkie belted you. You got very wet. Was it the same for me?
  In the days when I had a real body, sometimes a light spanking would get me
  in the mood but generally a hard one is just more pain. I've seen others though
  virtually ask for a hiding before being fucked. One was an aristocrat too.&quot;  
Chapter 7. More punishment   
Gloria was indeed furious. To make matters worse she'd returned from Leeds
  in a bad mood. The items she went to collect arrived incomplete and had to
  be sent back. To make matters worse, her dentist was running late with his
  appointments so she had nearly half an hour to wait. Gloria was angry at wasting
  an afternoon on the trip.  
&quot;You are supposed to tell me BEFORE going on an out of body trip, miss,&quot; she
  yelled when Veronica involuntarily winced when she sat on a kitchen chair. &quot;What
  happened this time? As if you'll tell me much!&quot; Before Veronica had time
  to think of a reply, Gloria continued with, &quot;Drop your trousers Girl!&quot; Reluctantly
  Veronica complied and was further ordered to bend over the table.  
Exposed now to Gloria's gaze and the probe of her fingers Veronica waited
  for the inevitable questioning. &quot;Shall I tell her the truth?&quot; she
  wondered, &quot;Or keep quiet and let her spank me? Or get Becky to whisk me
  away?&quot; However, when Gloria did start questioning it was with some puzzlement.  
&quot;These marks are fresh, not like the ones when you've come back from
  the dead. More like when I've used the brush on you except these were more
  probably done with a strap or belt. Am I right?&quot; Veronica nodded. &quot;So
  it must have been someone here. I doubt it was Henry so that leaves the workmen.
  Sparkie's van passed me on the road so I guess he was last to leave and by
  what I've seen of the way you two have been together the last few days, I would
  suspect it was he.&quot; When Veronica didn't answer, Gloria slapped her tender
  arse. &quot;Answer me!&quot; Eventually sobbing, Veronica gave her employer
  the full story and pleaded with her not to terminate Sparkie's contract.  
Finally Gloria agreed. &quot;Very well. I really don't understand what it
  is that is happening with you. Why do you require the use of the computer so
  badly you'll give yourself to a man? And then allow him to belt you. In the
  last few days you seem to have gone from being an innocent virgin to a nympho
  so I shall have no compunction about using you too. First though this incident
  isn't going unpunished. If I agree to allow Sparkie Reynolds to keep working
  here you must present yourself to me naked in my bedroom at nine o'clock and
  bring the hairbrush. And no getting that Becky to take away your body. You
  will submit to me otherwise, he's out and so are you.&quot;  
Dinner was cooked and eaten with the minimum of conversation and Veronica
  spent the remainder of the evening, in her room, too upset to even talk to
  Becky. She even considered running away or seeing if Becky would take her and
  not bring her back but in the end she stayed and presented herself at the appointed
  time to Gloria knowing she would be even more sore when she returned to her
  own room. Shaking and with tears running down her cheeks, she presented her
  mistress with the hairbrush. Gloria was prepared and ready and in the hour
  or so she'd waited so her anger had escalated. Veronica was going to be sore,
  very sore by the time she had done with her. As she sat in her see-though nightie,
  Gloria reviewed her preparations. Under the pillow where Veronica couldn't
  see them, she had placed the items she'd use on her victim.  
&quot;It's no use shedding those crocodile tears, Veronica,&quot; Gloria
  voice was hard and callous. This time she was determined not to let her get
  away with anything. If she lost the upper hand now she would never again be
  in control. She knew too that in her present mood, once she started and saw
  the way Veronica's arse coloured with her blows and she heard the screams and
  pleas, she wouldn't really want to stop. Rarely did she have the opportunity
  to give a girl a real thrashing. This might be he only chance for a long, long
  while. &quot;Over my lap. You know the position by now.&quot;  
&quot;Please don't Gloria ma'am. I've had enough punishments in the last
  few days. I can't help what I'm made to do.&quot;  
&quot;We'll see about that young lady. Perhaps if I knew more about some
  of the things you do and how and why you can leave us without actually leaving,
  it would be another matter. You won't confide in me so I must deal with you
  in what way I think most appropriate and you must take it. Now over my lap
  and don't disappear or you know the consequences for you and Sparkie.&quot; Despite
  further pleas, Gloria laid a dozen hard swats to Veronica's already tormented
  bottom. She knew she was being cruel but the power feeling egged her on. She
  hit hard and in seeing the flesh beneath her bounce hearing the screams it
  caused, became sexually aroused and was further stimulated by having the naked
  young girl writhing and rubbing herself on her own naked thighs. It took a
  great deal of effort to stop hitting her but she realised that further punishment
  there would do no good. &quot;Open your legs wide,&quot; Gloria ordered. Veronica's
  cunt was moist but not wet. It didn't matter. From under the pillow, Gloria
  brought a black plastic dildo that she pushed without ceremony into Veronica's
  cunt. Fortunately it wasn't one of the bigger ones from Gloria's collection
  but even so, entry was painful and caused more cries from the unfortunate recipient
  as it was thrust vigorously in and out. Finally Gloria left it in.  
&quot;I haven't finished with you yet girl, lie on the bed,&quot; Gloria
  breathlessly ordered, her mind now on a sadistic high. Thinking Gloria would
  now want to be tongued, Veronica lay on her back and was surprised and concerned
  when her wrists were wrapped with cord and tied to the bed head. Looking at
  her helpless friend, Gloria grinned as she slid a suede quirt from under the
  pillow, &quot;You thought you would get one over me, did you Veronica? Well
  now it is payback time. Either you tell me what has been happening or those
  little titties of yours are going to be extremely sore.&quot;  
Crying, pleading, sobbing, Veronica shook her head no. &quot;I can't!&quot; she
  screamed as the lashes splayed viciously across her breasts.  
&quot;Tell me!&quot;  
&quot;I can't.&quot; This time Veronica's voice was little more than a whisper,
  hardly audible above the cries of pain. Ten times the lash came down. Gloria
  criss-crossed the poor girl's breasts with a myriad of fine, painful welts,
  until at last she realised she was not getting anywhere and further lashes
  might well injure her charge, if they hadn't already done so. In any case she
  was near to an orgasm, an orgasm that Veronica's mouth would complete. She
  lowered her crotch to the girl's face, felt the wetness from the flowing tears
  and ordered, &quot;Suck my clit, bitch!&quot; Hoping this would finally end
  her ordeal Veronica did so.  
Satisfied sexually, Gloria's brain began to take in the horror of what she
  had done. &quot;Oh my God! What have I done to you my pet?&quot; she exclaimed
  as she released the bound wrists.  
The remark angered Veronica more than if it had been one of abuse. Her hackles
  rose. Gloria had lost control of her senses. The pain in Veronica's body not
  only told her so but pumped adrenaline into her blood and gave her a burst
  of strength. She screamed at Gloria, &quot;Bloody stupid cow! You know what
  you've done! But you're never going to do it again!&quot; Despite the pain,
  or because of it, she snatched the quirt and lashed out blindly and catching
  Gloria across the arms and stomach. The force made Gloria move back, giving
  Veronica the opportunity to remove the dildo, grab the hairbrush and flee.
  For a moment she paused at the doorway but was only the throw the dildo at
  the older woman. &quot;Use that on yourself bitch! I have no need of it!&quot;  
Still shocked from the rebellion and the thoughts of what she had done, Gloria
  followed minutes later but found the door to Veronica's attic room firmly bolted.
  She had no way of getting in. Her knocking and calling failed to obtain an
  answer although she could hear sobbing from the other side of the door. &quot;Better
  let her cry it out of her system and talk to her in the morning,&quot; she
  told herself. She knew she had grossly overstepped the mark and if Veronica
  went to the police she could be in serious trouble. Sleep eluded her much of
  that night as she pondered the best way to rectify the situation. The marks
  on her own body stung but they were nothing compared to the punishment she
  had meted out.  
Sometime after midnight Veronica decided to risk going for a shower. &quot;Is
  she asleep Becky?&quot; she asked her ethereal friend. They had discussed the
  situation for a long while. &quot;If you go to the police, they'll take you
  away and probably her as well,&quot; Becky guessed, &quot;And then no doubt
  the house would be sold again and I don't know what would become of me.&quot;  
&quot;What I need is evidence this has happened. Photographic evidence. If
  I can get to Gloria's digital camera I could download the pictures on to my
  computer... and hers too. Maybe use them as wallpaper so she would see them
  each time she opened up....&quot; Veronica was formulating a plan as she spoke. &quot;I'm
  not going to be her little servant slave any longer. I thought we had a workable
  agreement that I could spend some time with her and some time doing my own
  thing but she broke that and wants to totally control me.&quot;  
&quot;Like I was controlled by the masters,&quot; Becky cut in. For a while
  Veronica lay as best she could hoping the Cuprophen tablets would take away
  some of the pain but they seemed to be doing little. &quot;I want to have a
  shower Becky, is she asleep?&quot;  
Moments later, &quot;No Ronnie, but she's lying down with a mask over her
  eyes trying to. Maybe she won't hear you if you're quiet going downstairs.&quot;  
&quot;I'll take the quirt and you can watch out for me. Will you do that
  Becky?&quot;  
Veronica was slowly enjoying the warmth of the shower when Becky warned her, &quot;Gloria's
  getting out of bed and heading this way.&quot; There was little point in locking
  the door. Gloria had the key to the other entrance. &quot;She's waiting at
  the door. Seems like she's hesitating to come in.&quot; Becky flitted back
  and forth keeping her friend appraised of the happenings.  
A soft knock and Gloria entered. &quot;I'm so sorry Veronica. I really didn't
  mean to hit you so hard. Please forgive me. Let me help you.&quot;  
Holding the quirt as though ready to strike, Veronica replied. &quot;Go back
  to your room Gloria. Leave me. I will do without your help.&quot;  
&quot;I'll put salve on for you, I'll do it gently. And you can sleep on
  the softer bed in your room next to mine. I won't interfere with you.&quot;  
&quot;Go to your own bed Gloria. I'll decide where I am going to sleep and
  that will be where I think I am safest! First I need to finish this shower
  and then get a drink of juice. I can do that myself thank you.&quot; After
  pleading a few more times, Gloria realised she wasn't making any progress and
  returned to her room.  
&quot;Is she still in her room, Becky?&quot; Veronica asked on the way back
  from the kitchen.  
&quot;Yes. She's lying down and crying.&quot;  
&quot;Keep a watch out for me. I'm going into her workroom and borrowing
  the camera.&quot; Ten minutes later back in the bedroom she set up the camera
  on a table, flooded the room with light from the 500 watt quartz halogen light
  she'd borrowed from Sparkie's gear and prepared to take time delayed pictures.
  Becky helped in that she could relay what was on the screen and get Veronica
  to move one way or the other to fill the frame. The pain made it difficult
  to work fast but doing something helped to take her mind off it. She knew she
  would not be able to just lie down and sleep.  
After downloading them into her computer and enhancing the already colourful
  images with PhotoShop Elements, she password protected the file and transferred
  them to three floppy discs. &quot;What's she doing now Becky? It's great to
  have you as a watcher for me. You can just slip in and out of rooms without
  anyone knowing.&quot;  
&quot;I just want to see you give that bitch her comeuppance, Ronnie.&quot; Moments
  later, &quot;She's dozing but her sleep is disturbed.&quot;  
&quot;I'll risk it. If she catches me, so what.&quot;  
&quot;Better take the quirt as well,&quot; Becky advised. &quot;I'll let
  you know if she rouses.&quot; In the event all went to plan. Veronica used
  two of the most graphic images for wallpaper and added the others to a file
  that she placed in the start up folder so it would open every time the computer
  was opened. She knew Gloria would not have a clue as to how to stop it happening.
  Finally, at five in the morning, Veronica tried to get a little sleep.  
Chapter 8. Rear violation   
&quot;Bang! Bang! Bang!&quot; &quot;Veronica, wake up. Let me in please.&quot; Gloria's
  shrill voice came through the wooden door. &quot;Wake up please. It's ten o'clock.&quot;  
&quot;I'm tired and sore,&quot; Veronica replied grumpily.  
&quot;She's dressed and has been in the computer room,&quot; Becky informed
  her, &quot;And the workmen are all over the place as usual.&quot;  
&quot;I'll come down in half an hour when I am washed and dressed. It will
  be time for the crew to have their tea. Make sure you put the big kettle on.&quot;  
The mirror revealed the extent and terrible state in her body was in. It
  was very clear why she hurt so badly. The welts on her arse and breasts were
  raised, raw and now turning purple. Putting even a loose fitting dress on was
  a painful experience but she knew she had to do it. Her jeans would be far
  too tight and hard. To hide the fact she couldn't wear a bra, she donned a
  light woollen button-up cardigan. One thing she couldn't really disguise was
  her stiff walk.  
&quot;You and Sparkie overdo it last night?&quot; laughed Ron, one of the
  builders, as she tried to pass by. Fortunately there would be less of them
  in on a Saturday morning.  
&quot;Wouldn't you like to know.&quot; Veronica tried to smile even though
  she didn't feel like it. She shouldn't have been surprised they all knew Sparkie
  had been with her. He always boasted of his conquests and probably exaggerated
  them.  
Arriving at the kitchen she studiously ignored Gloria and made the tea. &quot;Would
  you like to pour while I find some biscuits?&quot; she asked Sadie, one of
  the decorators. In truth she didn't wish to lift the heavy teapot. While they
  ate and drank, Veronica, not daring to even try and sit on the wooden chairs,
  tried to lean nonchalantly in a corner until everyone had finished and returned
  to their work. Gloria would no longer be put off. &quot;Very clever miss.&quot; She
  tried to appear unconcerned, &quot;Now you can just take those images off my
  computer again.&quot;  
&quot;I can but I am not going to,&quot; Veronica replied coolly. &quot;They
  are there to remind you of what you did last night. And as you are no doubt
  aware they are not the only copies and the ones on your screen are locked so
  you can't just delete them.&quot;  
&quot;I already found out that!&quot; Gloria snapped.  
&quot;However, I am not proposing to blackmail you,&quot; Veronica ignored
  the interruption, &quot;But from now on, while I am here we are equals. We
  share. Work, food, chores, sex. If you want to spank me, and that won't be
  for a long time, then I get to do the same to you. You are no longer my boss
  and I a lowly servant. If you want my help, you ask, not order. The only thing
  I am not asking to share is your money although I will expect to be kept and
  provided with a reasonable standard of living.&quot;  
&quot;And if I don't you'll take these pictures to the police or elsewhere?&quot;  
&quot;Only as a last resort, Gloria. You went berserk last night and I suffered.
  I am still suffering and will be for a long while. That will never happen again.
  It won't harm you any to agree, it's just an extension of our previous arrangement.
  I will be a full time but independent companion.&quot; Although she tried several
  times to worm her way out of it, Gloria finally had to give in and for the
  next few days an armed truce existed between them. Gradually though, things
  began to return to some semblance of normality.  
A week later, Veronica decided it was time to go back with Becky again. The
  week had not been entirely wasted although for the first three days the pain
  prevented her from doing much. Becky had spent a considerable amount of time
  talking to her about the general running of the place in her time and explained
  which room was used for which purpose and the equipment there and the staff
  that used it. Veronica typed it all in as notes to be brought in to the book
  proper when required.  
*****  
&quot;What's happening Becky?&quot; Veronica sent her thoughts to the mind
  that held hers. They were back in the old kitchen and pandemonium seemed to
  reign. Becky being new, stood and looked lost but the others were working hard
  and fast. Tureens were being filled, meat piled on dished, and vegetables put
  on hot plates.  
&quot;We're getting ready to serve dinner, Ronnie. My first time and I seem
  more in the way than a help.&quot;  
&quot;Maids line up.&quot; Mrs. Simmons stood the serving girls in a line
  and inspected their attire. Becky shivered a little as the housekeeper looked
  her over and then opened the top of her dress a little more. &quot;You haven't
  much up there yet Rebecca so you'll just have to show as much as you can. You
  should know by now the masters like to see plenty of girl flesh.&quot;  
When the inspection was complete, each of the seven girls were given a dish
  and lined up again, this time in a different order with Becky last. Mrs. Simmons
  took the lead with a large polished silver dish and the servants all followed
  her to the dining room. Hilda, Becky noticed was near the head of the line
  and she wondered at the state of her bottom. Unsurprisingly she still walked
  a little stiffly. At the door, Mr. Simmons was ready. Pompously opening it,
  he announced, &quot;Dinner is served masters.&quot; The housekeeper placed
  her dish in front of Master Peter and then instructed the others where theirs
  should be placed. Four of the girls returned to the kitchen but Janet, Mary
  and Becky, the last four in the line, had to stand at one side of the room
  ready to perform any task the masters and the two ladies also present, called
  on them to do.  
The two finely dressed women sat alongside Master Edward and Master James. &quot;They
  look fine ladies,&quot; Becky thought transferred to Veronica, &quot;But they
  are only courtesans, or rather, whores from Leeds but I didn't find that out
  till later.  
&quot;More wine Rebecca,&quot; Master Peter ordered. Becky went forward and
  somewhat shakily filled his glass. When she was close he placed his hand on
  the back of her thighs but fortunately waited until she put the bottle down
  before feeling between her legs. Remembering not to pull away, Becky gritted
  her teeth allowed him to pinch her labial lips. Her ordeal didn't last long.
  Peter gave her bottom a light slap and said, &quot;My room soon as you've eaten.&quot; Becky
  curtsied and returned to her position at the side and watched as the two ladies
  delicately picked at their food and kept up a flow of conversation. Becky quickly
  noticed the two brothers were very different. Edward nearly six feet was loud
  with it; James was much shorter and spoke quietly when he spoke at all. It
  was his partner that did most of the talking.  
Moments later they were back in the kitchen. Veronica guessed Becky had fast-forwarded
  them again. She heard Mrs. Simmons. &quot;Janet, you show that Rebecca how
  to fit the sponge inside her. I don't want to be disturbed again in the middle
  of the night.&quot;  
As with her earlier douching, the insertion was to be performed in the kitchen
  in front of everyone. &quot;Sit on the front of the chair and open your legs
  wide. Lift up your dress you silly girl. How are we going to see what to do
  with your cunnie covered?&quot; Janet sounded a little peeved and was still
  remembering the spanking she'd had earlier. From the pantry, Janet brought
  a large metal container and from it took a sponge already soaking with vinegar
  and some herbs, the cook had added.  
&quot;Oh no! She's just started to bleed. Mrs. Simmons what shall we do?&quot; Janet
  called when she went to insert the sponge.&quot;  
&quot;Well she won't need the sponge in that case. Rebecca you tell Master
  Peter you just started your monthly curse and pray he isn't too angry.&quot;  
With heavy steps Rebecca made her way to the master's room. In her mind,
  she was certain he would be angry and that could mean a thrashing. Veronica
  though remembered her saying she wouldn't get another spanking. Had she got
  it right or was it a lie? The door was open but no one was inside. As she had
  been told, Becky stood at the foot of the bed and waited.  
&quot;I had to stand here for a hour or more Ronnie while Peter drank port
  and smoked a cigar downstairs. I got more and more worried and was crying by
  the time he arrived. I'll go forward to save you the wait,&quot; Becky informed
  her companion.  
&quot;What are you weeping for now girl?&quot; Peter gruffly demanded when
  he entered. &quot;Been on the receiving end of the strap again?&quot;  
&quot;Nooo. No Sir. It's just that... It's just that I....&quot;  
&quot;Spit it out girl! Or I will give you something to cry about.&quot;  
&quot;I just started my monthly bleed Sir.&quot;  
&quot;We'll just have to use your other hole then although a little blood
  on my pego doesn't bother me. Not when you're the one who has to clean it.
  Get that dress off and come to the light where I can see for myself.&quot; During
  the examination Becky felt a finger invade her bottom hole. It was uncomfortable
  but not unduly painful. &quot;It's going to be a tight squeeze for my pego
  but I do like a nice tight arse.&quot;  
&quot;I guessed right,&quot; Veronica told herself, &quot;I thought we might
  be bum fucked when Becky said I'd return with a sore bottom but would not have
  been spanked. How sore will it be? Having seen and felt Peter's prick already,
  I guess it is going to hurt a lot. Can't do much about it. At least I know
  Becky got through it. She had no idea of what to expect. I wonder if Gloria
  is watching.&quot;  
&quot;You'll find out soon,&quot; Becky silently told her and they watched
  Peter go to the wall and pull a tasseled cord.  
Shortly Janet appeared. &quot;Bring some warm goose fat Janet,&quot; Peter
  ordered and then added as she moved away, &quot;And bring one of tawses from
  the kitchen in case this one tries to make a fuss.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir.&quot; Becky saw a smirk on Janet's face as she turned to go.
  While Janet was away, Becky had to undress her master and by the time she returned,
  Becky was on the floor sucking Peter's stiffening prick. Veronica could tell
  Becky was beginning to enjoy the sensation of having a prick in her mouth.  
&quot;It doesn't hurt and it doesn't taste bad, Ronnie, and it gives me a
  sense of achievement when I get to full hardness,&quot; Becky silently told
  her friend.  
Janet placed the warm fat on a side table and the strap on the bed. &quot;The
  bitch has brought one of the heavier ones,&quot; Becky told Veronica but any
  conversation was cut short when Peter spoke.  
&quot;Get undressed Janet. I may need your help. I trust the fat is not hot
  enough to burn my pego.&quot;  
&quot;It's very warm Sir. Perhaps we should use it on her first, Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Maybe but methinks she would find it over warm too.&quot; Peter smiled
  as if to say, &quot;I suspect you deliberately made it rather hot.&quot; Instead
  he said, &quot;Bend over with your elbows on the edge of the bed Janet.&quot; In
  that position her full breasts hung down like cow's udders. Janet thought she
  was put in that position to receive the tawse on her bum. Peter though had
  other ideas. Carefully holding the bowl by its handle, he brought the contents
  up and immersed a nipple in it. Poor Janet hadn't seen it coming and shot up
  yelling loudly. &quot;A little too warm I think Janet,&quot; commented Peter, &quot;We'll
  try again in a few minutes on the other one.&quot; In the end the fat was tested
  three times on one breast and twice on the other before it was deemed ready
  for use on Peter's prick. Both nipples were raw and red when she was allowed
  to stand again.  
&quot;Grease her bum hole, Janet.&quot; Dipping a finger into the now warm
  fat, Janet forced it roughly into Becky's arse. Becky gritted her teeth but
  didn't cry out. Veronica would have cried if she could especially as her arse
  was already sore. Instead she just wondered if Gloria was watching and what
  she would make of it.  
Janet turned her attention to Master Peter's manhood. With grease covered
  hands she massaged his already hard prick until it stood out, firm and ready. &quot;Over
  the bed with you Rebecca,&quot; Peter ordered. Becky knew it was going to hurt
  but she also knew it would be far worse if she refused and had a thrashing
  first. Her sphincter muscles tensed when she felt the head of Peter's prick
  push against her opening. &quot;Push yourself open,&quot; Janet whispered, &quot;Like
  when you have to poop.&quot; Becky did. Slowly and painfully first the head
  entered, the rest of the shaft followed somewhat easier. It still hurt but
  the pain was not as great as she expected. More an uncomfortable fullness accompanied
  by a soreness that got worse as Peter pumped into her, enjoying her tightness;
  enjoying her discomfiture. Veronica seemed to be in greater pain and prayed
  for him to release his sperm. However, Peter wanted to prolong his pleasure
  and several times when nearing his climax, slowed right down until the urge
  passed. He couldn't prolong his enjoyment indefinitely and eventually shot
  his seed into Becky's bowels. Peter waited until his cock softened before removing
  it.  
As she'd expected, the spent, messy prick was offered to her for cleaning.
  For a fleeting moment she thought of refusing but the sight of the tawse alongside
  her quickly quashed that idea. In the event his prick tasted more of goose
  fat than anything else.  
&quot;Now you can clean her hole.&quot; The instruction to Janet surprised
  both the girls. &quot;I don't want to smell goose fat all night. Clean her
  and then take the bowl away and get your smelly tits clean.&quot; Both Becky
  and Veronica found the sensation of Janet's tongue licking and probing her
  arsehole, quite delightful, even though the flesh was very tender and sore.
  Janet did try and do it as roughly as she could but it made little difference.
  Becky, already well aroused, soon climaxed.  
*****  
&quot;So you're back with us again, you little slut!&quot; Gloria lay on
  the narrow bed alongside Veronica. Despite her words she seemed concerned for
  the girl's welfare.  
&quot;Ooooww! Shit!&quot; Veronica cried as she lifted her chest from the
  mattress and gently felt her bottom.  
&quot;I suppose it is still no use asking what happened? Obviously you had
  your bum fucked.&quot; Veronica only nodded and continued to feel her arsehole.  
&quot;Sorry Gloria. One day you'll find out but for now just think of it
  as realistic dreams.&quot; Seeing the concern in Gloria's eyes she put her
  arms around the older woman and hugged her close. For a few minutes they kissed
  until Veronica was forced the break the embrace. &quot;Sorry, I must use the
  loo,&quot; she apologised.  
Hurriedly she sat on the toilet and wasn't too surprised when her bowels
  opened and she loosed a torrent of sperm coated shit. It was painful but there
  was no way she could stop it. &quot;Did you have the same problem Becky?&quot; she
  asked her friend.  
&quot;Worse. We only had a chamber pot in the room and Master Peter and Janet
  were there.&quot;  
Chapter 9. Role reversal   
Four days later, Veronica awoke from a disturbed sleep. The digital clock
  showed 3:32. Feeling wide-awake, quietly she arose, put on a thick dressing
  gown and went to the kitchen. While the kettle was boiling she chatted quietly
  with Becky mainly about the price of tea then and now. Having made her own
  tea, Veronica turned out the lights. The kitchen, now only illuminated by various
  red neons glowing from the new electrical gadgets Gloria had installed, added
  to the unreal atmosphere of her talking to a girl who died over two hundred
  years previously. Thinking themselves alone and no one around to hear they
  didn't bother with thought transference. It was more natural to gossip in a
  normal quiet way.  
&quot;Why is it that I haven't actually seen you since that first day Becky?
  I've talked and been with you virtually all the time. I've felt the same things
  as you but only seen your ghost form while that storm was on.&quot;  
&quot;You'll have to go to the old coach house and open the box again and
  do it in the dark. Then you only see me weary and haggard, as my body was when
  it was put there. Not as it was when I arrived. Better for you to imagine what
  I looked like.&quot;  
&quot;I've seen you when we've been together in your time. Remember how you
  kept looking in Master Peter's big mirror and showing yourself off? So I do
  know what you looked like then. You were very pretty. Even naked as you mostly
  were! How I wanted to come out of your mind and cuddle you like I've done with
  Gloria. I just thought that sometimes it would be nice to sit opposite each
  other and have a chat, sort of like normal.&quot;  
&quot;You'll have to wrap up well, Ronnie. Thick as it is, that dressing
  gown won't keep much of the cold out.&quot; Not wanting to go upstairs again,
  Veronica pulled a thick sweater and her overalls from the laundry basket and
  wore them. By the back door she found her wellington boots and Henry's old
  army overcoat and a woolly hat. These she donned as well. Even so she found
  it very cold when she left the shelter of the porch. The path glistened in
  the torchlight and the grass crackled underfoot but she made it inside the
  old coach house without mishap. As soon as she opened the box and extinguished
  her torch, Becky's translucent form appeared. &quot;Don't you go getting your
  death of cold sitting talking to me. We can do that just as easily in the warmth
  of your bed. Remember, I know what it is like to die of cold!&quot;  
&quot;It's okay Becky, I'm not all that cold with these layers of clothes
  on. Tell me though, how are we going to condense three years of your life into
  my visits? So far in a month or so, we've only been through the first few days
  of your stay here. How will you or I know what to miss out? I want to see so
  much and it often seems as if I have to spend several days recovering from
  each visit.&quot;  
&quot;I keep thinking about that too, Ronnie. The first two months of my
  stay here, after I had got used to servicing Master Peter, I enjoyed and often
  took the lead in our lovemaking. I would like you to find out how enjoyable
  good fucking can be. So far you have only experienced the painful side.&quot;  
&quot;There's been some pleasure too, but you're right, I probably enjoyed
  Sparkie more than the times with you and Master Peter. But I would also like
  to see the domestic things that happened, how the place was run, who supplied
  things, not just the sex bits.&quot;  
Despite the cold, the pair chatted for an hour until Becky virtually ordered
  Veronica back into the warm. It was now 5:30. &quot;Can you check Gloria is
  still asleep first, please Becky?&quot;  
&quot;You're not going to like this Ronnie. Gloria is in your attic room,
  looking at your computer. She's swearing at the thing and I gather she cannot
  read your book.&quot; Veronica fumed as she quietly removed her boots and silently
  let herself back in the house.  
*****  
&quot;Who is she talking to at this unearthly hour of the morning?&quot; Gloria
  asked herself as she peered sleepily at the clock. 3:58. &quot;Must be that
  Becky girl. I do so hate not knowing who she is and in fact, what she is.&quot; Slipping
  on her dressing gown she stealthily opened the bedroom door a crack and listened
  intently. Very few words came through clearly but she did make out 'coach house'.
  Still listening she heard the back door close and the crunch of boots on the
  frozen grass. &quot;Sounds as if the bitch is going to that old shed again.
  Spends too much of her time there. Must have something to do with this business.
  She knows I won't go in because of the spiders and mice. Guess she'll be there
  a couple of hours if it's like normal. Maybe I can find out more from her computer
  while she's away. It's my computer anyway. I've only loaned it to her so she
  shouldn't really complain.&quot; Gloria conveniently forgot that she had agreed
  to keep out of Veronica's attic room and that she had given the computer to
  her.  
&quot;Oh good,&quot; she murmured when a touch of the mouse brought the screen
  to life, &quot;She left it on stand-by. Maybe the file is open.&quot; It wasn't.
  Moreover it took her longer than expected to find the sub folder titled 'Becky'
  which she guessed contained the story. Eager now, she double clicked on it
  only to be confronted with a menu asking for a password. &quot;Damn the sodden
  girl! Bitch must have guessed I would try to find out. What password would
  she be likely to use?&quot; 'Becky' &lt;Invalid password&gt; 'Veronica' &lt;Invalid
  password&gt; 'Coach house' &lt;Invalid password&gt; The more she tried, the
  more frustrated and angry she became. &quot;Damn the fucking bitch! Why does
  she need to hide the story like this? What other word might she have used?&quot;  
&quot;Even if you found the password you wouldn't have read the file because
  I encrypted it. In other words, it is all in code. Now perhaps you will explain
  why you are in my room in the first place and secondly why you have the audacity
  to try and look at my private things?&quot; Veronica stood menacingly in the
  doorway, quirt in hand and desperately trying to control her anger.  
&quot;It's my house and my computer,&quot; Gloria burst out as she made to
  push her way out. &quot;Aaaaagh!!&quot; The quirt caught her across the top
  of her thighs.  
&quot;We had an agreement Gloria and you have broken it. If it had been the
  other way round, I would receive a sound spanking, wouldn't I?&quot;  
&quot;But you are only a servant. Now let me pass.&quot; Gloria still hoped
  to bluff her way back to her room.  
&quot;No Gloria, we agreed to be equals.&quot;  
&quot;Aaaaagh!!&quot;  
&quot;That was a foolish move Gloria.&quot; Veronica's voice was calm and
  cold, knowing she had thwarted the attempt to grab the whip. &quot;Punishment
  time for you now dear. Remove your gown and bend over and lay across the bed,
  like you've made me do on several occasions.&quot;  
&quot;No! I'm your boss.&quot;  
&quot;A badly behaved boss. One that will be whipped if she doesn't do as
  she is told. What's it to be Gloria? Shall I whip the gown off you or are you
  going to do as you are told and just take a hairbrushing?&quot; The strength
  and determination in the girl's voice surprised Gloria and for a few seconds
  she thought how much things had changed in the last couple of weeks.  
&quot;The hairbrush is in my room, if I pretend to submit then she'll have
  to get it and maybe I can get away,&quot; Gloria reasoned. She removed the
  gown. As usual underneath she only wore a light 'baby doll' nightdress.  
&quot;Lay over the bed with your hands out and above your head.&quot; When
  Gloria complied, Veronica quickly pulled one each side of the iron bed frame
  and fastened the wrists together with a plastic plant tie from Henry's coat
  pocket.  
&quot;Don't run away Mistress dear. I won't be gone long,&quot; giggled Veronica
  giving her boss a none too friendly swat on her bare arse.  
&quot;You bitch! Release me at once! I'll cancel our agreement! I'll throw
  you out on the street. I'll...&quot;  
&quot;Be quiet Gloria.&quot; Veronica spoke quietly but with authority, &quot;You
  know you cannot do any such thing and what I am going to do to you is far less
  than you did to me. More like that first hairbrushing I received. It's only
  what you deserve.&quot;  
Although she tried, Gloria's attempts to free her wrists until the hairbrush
  arrived, failed. All she succeeded in doing was causing the plastic strips
  to bite deeply into her flesh. &quot;Release me, you bitch!&quot; she screamed
  when Veronica entered the room again, &quot;I didn't tie you and this plastic
  is cutting me.&quot;  
&quot;You didn't need to tie me. You knew I would just do as I was told.
  You, Gloria, would fight me all the way. Lie still and take your punishment.
  The straps won't cut you then.&quot; She put the brush down where Gloria could
  see it while she removed Henry's coat. It would only get in the way now.  
&quot;Bitch!&quot;  
&quot;WHAAAP!!&quot; &quot;Aaagh!!&quot; Fascinated by the ripple effect
  created by the brush striking the bulbous flesh Veronica delivered another, &quot;WHAAAP!!&quot; She
  began to feel the power that Gloria must feel when spanking her. The power
  to inflict pain. She raised her arm again.  
&quot;No! No more please.&quot; Gloria pleaded. &quot;You're hitting too
  hard.&quot;  
Knowing this wasn't the case, Veronica replied scathingly, &quot;Begging
  already Gloria? Those two were just for the verbal abuse. Now you will receive
  the dozen for breaking your promise by entering my room and trying to spy on
  what I've been doing.&quot; Although Gloria begged, pleaded and made promises
  she would not keep, Veronica laid on the full dozen and laid them on as hard
  as she dared. By then Gloria was sobbing hysterically. She was totally unused
  to not being the one delivering the punishment. Now she knew just how badly
  the one on the receiving end suffered. As she gazed at the reddened arse in
  front of her, Veronica tried to understand her emotions. Emotions that had
  caused her friend so much pain. At last she remembered she had to release Gloria.  
&quot;Sorry Gloria, I've only my nail scissors up here. Lie still while I
  get a pair from the kitchen.&quot; She spoke quietly, somewhat ashamed at what
  she had done. Gloria was still sobbing quietly when she returned and cut the
  plant ties. Her arse was sore but a warm feeling was spreading inwardly, Its
  effect spreading rapidly as she massaged her sore cheeks. Yet she didn't want
  to ask Veronica to have sex with her.  
&quot;Will you help me to the shower Veronica, please,&quot; she asked. Both
  knew why. Both knew the relationship between them had changed completely. Irrevocably
  changed. No longer could there be a mistress and servant relationship. It had
  started soon after Veronica had met Becky. Firstly, after the whipping and
  humiliation of the other week and now receiving the hiding, Gloria realised
  she was no longer able to command a servant. Her erstwhile servant was now
  really her equal. &quot;Maybe we can still be lovers,&quot; she thought as
  they made their way stiffly down the stairs, &quot;Even if there is such a
  difference in our ages.  
They could. Half an hour later they were in Gloria's bed fondling each other
  although inwardly, Gloria was angry at no longer being the dominant one and
  having received what she saw as an unjustified spanking. They remained in bed
  until it was time to get up prepare for the workmen who still had to finish.
  By then some of Gloria's anger had dissipated although with each step she took,
  her buttock muscles reminded her.  
Chapter 10. Spilled wine   
&quot;You really became quite a little slut Becky,&quot; Veronica laughed.  
&quot;You seemed to enjoy it too Ronnie. You are very eager to go back each
  time,&quot; Becky replied with a giggle.  
&quot;I know, I know. But of course it was only to see what you were getting
  up to.&quot; the laughing and giggles increased as the banter went on.  
Two months had passed since Veronica had chastised her employer. For the
  first week or so afterwards, the relationship between them was a little strained
  but gradually their relationship with each other became one of more normalised
  respect and, apart from a few friendly bare-handed spanks, neither was punished.
  Despite the difference in their ages, they enjoyed each other's company and
  frequently, when she was not inside Becky, Veronica spent the night in Gloria's
  bed. Sex with her was warm, tender and comforting, totally different to the
  wild excitement of Becky's tempestuous fucking with Peter. One complimented
  the other. However, four times in the last ten days, Sadie the interior decorator,
  had stayed and spent the night with Gloria. Twinges of jealousy coursed through
  Veronica's mind even though she tried to dismiss them. Becky had of course
  looked in on them and reported what had gone on which made Veronica even more
  resentful of the decorator. Knowing she had Becky helped but during the times
  Sadie was staying, Veronica did not want to be caught having an out of body
  experience. The fewer that knew about it the better. Gloria she thought would
  keep it a secret.  
&quot;It just seems you went from being a rape victim to a real whore in
  just a few weeks Becky.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, it seemed that way but once the sex became less painful and after
  Kathryn's second visit, I knew that if I was to keep the position of favoured
  maid, I would have to do more than just lie there and take what he wanted to
  give me. Janet said she was favoured maid for only two weeks. I noticed how
  Master Peter liked the way Kathryn almost forced him to do things to her so
  I did the same. It was sort of self preservation, Ronnie.&quot;  
&quot;And you liked it!&quot; Veronica laughed again. &quot;And you got away
  with things other maids would have had a hiding for. Like when you spanked
  the master. My hand was sore for a while after that.&quot;  
&quot;You're just a tender young thing, Ronnie. Never done a real hard days
  work in your life.&quot; Veronica lay on her downstairs bed with the early
  morning sun peeping through the curtains, reviewing some of the things she'd
  experienced when going back to Becky's lifetime. While Becky showed her much
  of the domestic side of life at the Hall, she did seem to concentrate on the
  sexual side of her life with Master Peter. The side of her life she threw herself
  into with great enthusiasm and which almost gave her the position of mistress
  in the household. So much so, that even the butler and housekeeper didn't dare
  punish her. Each night she went to Peter's room and tried to think of fresh
  ways to use her body to please him. The spanking Veronica referred to was when
  his cock didn't want to perform and Becky had ordered him over her lap and
  spanked him until it was hard enough for her.  
&quot;I suppose I had better get up, Becky. Is Gloria still asleep?&quot;  
&quot;No, she's listening with a glass to the door,&quot; Becky informed
  her seconds later.  
&quot;Oooops! I guess I should have used silent thought but it's easier for
  me to talk normally to you. I wonder how much she heard? Still it would be
  like hearing one side of a telephone conversation.&quot;  
&quot;Looks like she heard the last bit,&quot; Becky told her a few minutes
  afterwards, &quot;She jumped back into bed and put the glass on the nightstand.&quot;  
&quot;Let's go back this afternoon. It's Sunday and Sadie isn't here so we
  should be alone. I'll tell Gloria.&quot; Only once in the last few weeks had
  she not kept her part of the bargain and told her boss she was going with Becky,
  and the one time was when Gloria was away for two days.  
&quot;I think we'll move on a few weeks, Ronnie. You've seen the sort of
  things I did with Peter and how I almost was his master but that sort of came
  to an end so expect to come back a little sore after this trip.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;I've never worn a dress as fine as this Miss Maria.&quot; Becky swirled
  in front of the old seamstress.  
&quot;It's one her ladyship never wore and I've been able to make it fit
  you without too much trouble and it shows your assets off nicely.&quot; Maria
  gave a little smile. &quot;Now let's find you a cloak and some other things
  to go with it. It will be cold on the journey. Then you'd better show yourself
  to Master Peter.&quot;  
&quot;Don't I look a fine lady, Ronnie?&quot; she silently asked as she stood
  in front of the mirror. Veronica had to agree she did look very beautiful and
  wondered again what went so very wrong that she had died at such an early age
  and in such appalling circumstances.  
Becky tried to walk in her best ladylike manner down the stairs. Miss Maria
  had given her some instructions on how to behave and in the short weeks she'd
  been at the Hall, Becky noticed how some of the lady guests comported themselves
  and tried to imitate them. Her appearance in the kitchen caused a few unkind
  remarks from the other servant girls and appreciative ones from the boys but
  Becky was too full of herself to worry about them and hurried on to Master
  Peter's room.  
&quot;My, my! What a lady you look girl. You'll outdo many of the aristocrats
  at his Lordships place but I guess you won't be wearing it for too long. Not
  once the party gets going.&quot; Master Peter gave a knowing smile. &quot;I
  guess you know what to expect with guests like Kathryn Pontiford there.&quot; In
  fact Becky had little idea except that she could expect to have sex with several
  of the guests.  
&quot;I'm going to jump a bit now Ronnie,&quot; Becky told her companion, &quot;Thought
  you might like to see some of the countryside as it was then. It was such a
  nice day and I felt so proud as Henson drove the trap with me in my finery,
  sitting alongside the master.&quot; Veronica did indeed wonder how the scenery
  had changed as they drove the fifteen miles to Lord Heighton's place, Fordenbridge
  Manor. Some landmarks were easily recognisable but the villages were now small
  towns with just the church still more or less as it was. Becky jumped ahead
  in time every so often but even so, it took an hour of Veronica's time before
  they arrived at the gates to the imposing, stone built Fordenbridge Manor.  
With her heart fluttering as Henson helped her alight from the trap at the
  main entrance, she waited for Master Peter to come to her side and, linking
  arms with him ascended the main steps. She felt like royalty. The only time
  she'd been up the steps to the main entrance of Bledgemoor Hall was when she
  had scrubbed them!  
A footman stood and the door and welcomed them and once inside another took
  her cloak and hat and the butler escorted them through the grandiose foyer
  and into the drawing room where he loudly announced, &quot;Sir Peter Braithewaite
  and Miss Rebecca.&quot; Becky almost died of embarrassment when the conversation
  stopped and everyone present turned and looked at her. However, she had little
  time to worry because Peter whisked her to their host. Fortunately by now,
  curtseying had become almost automatic for Becky, even so she was astounded
  when his Lordship took her hand when she arose and kissed it.  
&quot;Well Peter, old boy, you seem to have found a nice young tidbit this
  time. Make sure I have a turn with her.&quot;  
&quot;And I hope I will too,&quot; Lady Heighton smiled as she interceded
  and held out her gloved hand. Becky kissed it. &quot;We don't often have guests
  as youthful as you. You will surely be much in demand.&quot; A scantily clad
  waitress offered a glass of wine, which Becky accepted and tried to sip genteelly
  like she had seen the other ladies do.  
Becky and Peter began to circulate with Becky trying to show the magnificent
  luxury of their surroundings to Veronica. &quot;Have you ever seen anything
  like it, Ronnie?&quot; she silently asked. Peter seemed to know most of the
  guests and each time introduced Becky as if she was his mistress. It wasn't
  long before she realised some of the other ladies were not really ladies either
  but servants like her. Kathryn came and introduced her partner.  
&quot;Peter you've met Jonathan before, Rebecca, this is my brother Jonathan.&quot;  
&quot;Your brother?&quot; Becky puzzled, queried the statement.  
&quot;Yes dear, my brother. He's got a good prick that needs some attention,
  just like other men and as we live in the same house, it is convenient,&quot; Kathryn
  whispered, &quot;It's been having my attention since he was twelve.&quot;  
For another hour they circulated amongst the guests and admired the furnishings
  and paintings before the butler announced, &quot;Dinner is served!&quot; So
  far there had been little evidence of the orgy Becky had expected. A few innuendoes,
  a grope or two and the under dressed maids were the only slightly risqu&eacute; happenings.  
Dinner was a sumptuous as the surroundings and Becky felt over full even
  though Peter had warned her not to over indulge and make herself sick. Towards
  the end when the wine was beginning to make the guests freer with their tongues
  and their hands, things turned much more sexual. &quot;Ouch!&quot; squealed
  one of the maids as she was pouring red wine. One of the guests had put his
  fingers in her nearly exposed cunt and pinched her labia with his thumb. The
  wine spilled on the white tablecloth. It wasn't a major spill but the wine
  soon stained an area the size of a saucer.  
His lordship reprimanded the unfortunate girl and suggested she be publicly
  spanked for her clumsiness. The suggestion was greeted with cheers but a middle
  aged man stood and spoke, &quot;M'Lord, if I might be so bold as to suggest
  an alternative that might more fit the crime.&quot; He went on to outline the
  punishment he thought more appropriate.  
Lord Heighton stood. &quot;Gentlemen, you have heard the choices. Twenty
  hard spanks on her bare arse or Hector's more unusual alternative punishment.
  Those of you in favour of the spanking, please stand and bang your pegos on
  the table now.&quot; Two men stood, opened their breeches and thumped their
  pricks on the table. The maid stood still, tears running down her cheeks. &quot;Very
  well it seemed as if the alternative is favoured but to make sure, with those
  gentlemen in favour of Hector's idea, thump your pegos in the recognised manner.&quot; Peter
  and Frank, the gentleman on Becky's left, and the rest of the men folk stood,
  banged their pricks and cheered.  
&quot;Seems the ladies don't get a say in the matter,&quot; muttered Veronica.
  Becky told her to be quiet and watch.  
&quot;Remove the maid's clothes, Haskins,&quot; his Lordship ordered the
  butler. The poor frightened girl didn't resist, knowing all too well that resistance
  would only mean further pain or humiliation. Becky felt Frank take her hand
  and put it around his prick. She now noticed none of the men had put theirs
  away and most had female fingers around them. &quot;Since it was your idea
  Hector, would you be so kind and to do the honours?&quot;  
Hector asked for an oak side table to be cleared and brought further into
  the room where everyone could see. &quot;Climb on the table, girl.&quot; Hector
  ordered. Sobbing the naked maid did so and was forced to stand with her legs
  apart, her bushy mound a little above the guest eye height. She stood there
  shaking slightly which, to the delight of the onlookers, caused her full breasts
  to wobble too.  
&quot;She's still breast feeding her baby,&quot; Frank whispered to Becky, &quot;That's
  why her titties are nice and full. Like yours will be in nine months if you
  haven't taken precautions,&quot; he joked as his hand searched under her dress
  for Becky's slit. However, his eyes never left the scene in front of them.  
Hector picked up the half empty wine bottle and used the neck to tease the
  maid's cunt for a few minutes and then inserted upwards and in as far as it
  would go. &quot;No!! No please no!&quot; The girl screamed but it only brought
  cheers and laughter from most of the partygoers.  
&quot;Now I need the help of some strong men. Any volunteers?&quot; Hector
  asked. There was no shortage. Between them the girl was laid on her back, legs
  wide apart in the air and the bottle still embedded deeply in her vagina. Only
  a little of the contents had spilled during the operation. Two of the taller
  men were positioned to hold her ankles while Hector fucked the bottle in and
  out of her opening, each time a little more of the wine flowed into her body
  on the out stroke. A red rivulet ran down her belly and another along her arse
  crack. Before long the bottle was empty and Hector removed it completely. &quot;Anyone
  want to redden their pego in a wine clean hole?&quot; enquired Hector. One
  did and swiftly embedded himself in her and to the delight of the audience,
  his prick did indeed come out red which gave rise to many ribald comments.  
While Becky abhorred what was done to the poor girl, the scene combined with
  Frank's ministrations, had made her very wet. Looking around she saw several
  of the ladies being rogered and the prick in her hand was solid and hard. &quot;Bend
  yourself over the chair Rebecca,&quot; Frank ordered.  
&quot;I'm sorry sir, but Master Peter has to agree first.&quot; She looked
  at Peter only to find his prick engulfed in the mouth of the woman alongside
  him. He'd heard her statement though.  
&quot;At this party you are available to anyone Rebecca. Anyone at all. Man
  or woman.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you Sir.&quot; Turning to Frank she went on, &quot;I am ready
  and willing to serve you Sir.&quot;  
Before Frank could enter her, Lord Heighton's voice rose above the din, &quot;Gentlemen,
  let us adjourn to the ballroom where things have been laid out to ensure your
  comforts are better catered for.&quot;  
Chapter 11. His Lordship's party   
&quot;Why'd you bring us back before Frank had you?&quot; Veronica silently
  questioned when they returned to her room.  
&quot;We've been away quite a long time. The next bit is exhausting and we
  can go back to it anytime,&quot; her ghostly friend replied.  
&quot;You didn't get yourself screwed this time then Veronica?&quot; Gloria
  commented when she saw the girl's life return to normal.  
&quot;Not quite. Almost. Perhaps next time,&quot; Veronica replied, &quot;Becky
  brought me back too soon.&quot; By now Gloria had guessed Veronica was somehow
  going back into the past and was taken there by this Becky person. All her
  efforts to find out how had drawn a blank and she still didn't know exactly
  what happened on these trips. &quot;Saw the inside of Fordenbridge Manor though.
  Absolutely sumptuous. Not like today where only one wing is still usable and
  the rest in ruins. All the chandeliers and candles made it seem like a fairy
  palace. Heavy brocade curtains and fine chairs. Bit smoky though. Lord Heighton
  was nice and you would have got on well with his wife. She was bi too. And
  the food was really wonderful.&quot;  
&quot;Name dropping now are we?&quot; Gloria gave a little smile.  
&quot;Maybe but it's not often a person gets to see so many of the aristocracy
  with all their charms completely on show!&quot;  
*****  
&quot;We're going back to Lord Heighton's party tonight Gloria. I might as
  well have a fling as it's Saturday evening.&quot; It was a few days since her
  previous visit and Veronica was looking forward to having Frank and possibly
  others 'making love to her' as she euphemistically thought of it.  
&quot;Love doesn't come into it,&quot; Becky interjected, &quot;And it is
  me that is being fucked. Most times they are being quite rough, but that seems
  to be the way you like it.&quot;  
&quot;And so do you,&quot; Veronica quipped in return and then turned her
  attention back to what Gloria was saying.  
&quot;I'll be here alone again. And I can't invite Sadie over when I have
  to watch over you.&quot;  
&quot;I can go to my attic room and shut my door. You don't have to watch
  but I think that is a turn on for you, especially when I undress and lie there
  naked so you can see my cunnie being stretched or stripes appear on my bottom.
  I bet you play with yourself while you watch.&quot;  
&quot;You know I do.&quot;  
&quot;You could invite her for lunch tomorrow and I could visit my father
  so you would have the place to yourselves.&quot;  
&quot;That is if you can move and are not so sore from having a whipping
  or something. You never seem to know in advance what will happen to you. If
  you're listening to me Becky, will you bring her back fit and well?&quot; Gloria
  asked looking around the room without any hope of seeing the person she was
  addressing.  
&quot;Maybe, maybe not.&quot; Becky replied through Veronica.  
&quot;Invite Sadie anyway. If I have to stay in my room while she's here,
  so be it. I'm going to undress now and then Becky can whisk me away to the
  party. It looked like the orgy part was going to start.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;Gentlemen, let us adjourn to the ballroom where things have been laid
  out to ensure your comforts are better catered for.&quot; Veronica remembered
  Lord Heighton's words. Frank lifted Becky and led her to the main hall.  
&quot;Please allow me to unlace you Miss.&quot; A young footman, not much
  older than Becky stood just inside the hall doorway. &quot;None of the guests
  are allowed to wear clothing in here Miss.&quot;  
Looking around Becky could see, servants assisting in disrobing other guests.
  Trying to sound lady-like, Becky replied, &quot;It will be my pleasure young
  man.&quot;  
&quot;He's older than you,&quot; Veronica commented. It took several minutes
  before Becky was completely undressed, particularly as the boy seemed more
  interested in feeling her breasts than actually removing clothing.  
&quot;Your clothes will be in the Garde-robe Miss,&quot; the footman told
  her.  
&quot;The what?&quot; For a moment Becky forgot herself and reverted to common
  speech.  
&quot;Cloakroom Miss,&quot; the boy whispered, &quot;They like us to use
  the French term here.&quot;  
Both now naked, Frank led her, his erection pointing the way, into the room.
  Becky had hardly time to notice that some guests were sitting on the oak settles
  lining one wall before she was dragged to the opposite side along which lay
  linen covered straw palliasses. Kathryn was already on her back being rogered
  by a moustachioed man in his twenties. Smiling at Becky she called, &quot;Have
  fun.&quot; Soon Becky too was on her back and Frank was pounding into her willing
  vagina. Frank though, soon lost his load and Becky was left unfulfilled. &quot;Guess
  it won't be long before I get someone else to finish what Frank has started,&quot; she
  said to herself as she sat up and looked around. Peter sat on a bench and was
  chatting to a rather elderly woman with sagging breasts. &quot;That's Kathryn's
  mother, Ronnie. Didn't find out till later, she was trying to arrange her daughter's
  marriage but it never came off.&quot;  
Veronica considered it more than a little odd. &quot;You mean to say, they
  are discussing Kathryn's marriage while she is publicly being screwed by another
  man?&quot;  
&quot;Yes and mum got screwed by Peter later.&quot;  
Lord Heighton's booming voice interrupted their conversation. &quot;Ladies
  and Gentlemen, time for the first of our entertainments. The ladies hundred
  yard sprint. Gentlemen, please volunteer your partner for this event.&quot; Becky
  looked to Peter who signalled for her to join the 'volunteers'. Eight ladies
  lined one end wall of the hall. Becky was by far the youngest. One girl, Gwen,
  was in her early twenties and the rest were past thirty, some by a decade or
  so.  
&quot;You should win this race Becky,&quot; Veronica suggested.  
&quot;Wait and see what happens, before you place your bets,&quot; replied
  Becky laughingly as they waited for two of the ladies to decide who was in
  which position.  
&quot;Is it then a race to see whose tits swing the most? That woman at the
  end has really pendulous tits. They could knock a few eyeballs out!&quot;  
&quot;Ladies, you have to run to the far wall, touch the panelling and return
  here and touch the wall. You do that twice.&quot; Lord Heighton continued announcing
  the rules, &quot;But to give the less young more of a chance, I am putting
  a few obstacles in the path. Footmen, take your places.&quot; Four men in footman
  livery stepped forward and took staggered positions partway along the hall.
  Each held a long thin switch. &quot;Ladies,&quot; his Lordship went on, &quot;These
  men are only allowed to impede your progress by hitting you frontally. Once
  you are past them, you have nothing to fear from the switch. You will notice
  they are each in line with one of the pillars. They can move across the hall
  in line with their pillar but not forward or backward. To add to the sport,
  I have offered a florin to the one who gets the most good strikes in. You are
  free to dodge around and force your opponents into the path of the switch.
  That's the rules, ladies.&quot; Turning to the onlookers he asked, &quot;Have
  you all placed your wagers?&quot; It seems they had. &quot;Ready Ladies?&quot; There
  were some grumbles but all knew they had no choice. &quot;Ready, steady, GO!&quot;  
Becky took off and nimbly dodged around the first man but caught a glancing
  blow from the second. Cries from those behind her told that some footmen were
  trying to earn they florin. In the lead now, the third and forth men were ready
  for her and she took a stinging blow to the underside of the right breast and
  another to the front of her thighs before she gained the far wall. Returning
  she easily ran around the footmen who were still facing the other way but took
  two more switches to her stomach before she gained the end wall and started
  off again. Glancing just behind her she noticed the other younger girl. He
  glance distracted her and a switch lashed its way across both breasts. It halted
  her for a moment and drew cheers from the onlookers. Despite the pain, Becky
  knew she had to go on and concentrate on swerving around the whip men. There
  was confusion now and runners were going in all directions and she made the
  wall with only a minor mark. Her rival was level. Both got around the first
  two whips on the final leg unharmed but with the excitement of nearing the
  finish both were targets for the last two footmen. Gwen's stood ready with
  his switch held wide waiting to see which way she might try and run. Becky
  was slightly ahead again. Her adversary brandished his switch to and fro in
  a swift motion, as if daring her to get passed unscathed. She heard a howl
  and guessed Gwen had taken a hard blow but was probably now on her way to the
  finishing wall. Becky lowered her head, charged like a bull and ran between
  the footman's legs, upending him and allowing her a clear run to the wall.
  It was neck and neck when the two touched to wall but Becky was declared the
  winner. Breathless they lay at the foot of the wall rubbing the sore welts.
  The slower, less agile ones were taking a pasting, which made them even slower.  
&quot;So I'm going to go back with welts on my body again Becky you little
  devil,&quot; Veronica chided her host.  
&quot;Yep, but you'll also be nicely sore between your legs and elsewhere,&quot; Becky
  retorted. &quot;We didn't get it half as bad as some of those old ladies.&quot; Veronica
  could see that was indeed very true. &quot;Peter told me afterwards that the
  footman idea was put in by Sir Martin Beuchant whose wife was the woman with
  the pendulum tits and who came last. He wanted her given a good caning.&quot;  
&quot;Ladies and Gentlemen, I have great pleasure in declaring Rebecca the
  winner but because of her stalwart performance I am awarding Gwen a consolation
  prize. I am sure Martin will reward his woman her deserts for coming last.&quot; Cheers
  and applause accompanied Lord Heighton's announcement. Becky felt proud of
  herself and noticed Peter was smiling.  
Sir Martin stood, &quot;Thank you M'Lord. However, I would like to pass that
  pleasure on to Hector who seems to come up with more entertaining and effective
  means of dispensing these awards. Let the two girls receive their rightful
  dues first though and that will also give Hector more time to devise a more
  devilish scheme.&quot;  
Lord Heighton nodded his agreement and turned to the side benches. &quot;Gentlemen,
  will those of you who are still able to gain a decent hard pego please come
  forward.&quot; Seven men stood, their cocks in various states of hardness.
  Two servants then unrolled a bolt of cloth and held it vertically waist high
  above the floor. &quot;Gentlemen, please go behind the cloth, rub and show
  your pegos without showing yourselves.&quot; Becky and then Gwen were asked
  to choose a pego. Only two were really hard so there wasn't too much choice.
  Becky's choice though, was much thicker than any she'd taken before and while
  she rightly guessed its owner from having noticed his cock when she entered
  earlier, she had no idea who he was. It didn't matter.  
&quot;Nice one Becky,&quot; Veronica commented, &quot;It will certainly open
  you, or rather us, up even if it doesn't plumb the depths. Bit old though.&quot; The
  man was probably in his fifties but wasn't grossly overweight. Gwen's was younger
  but had a moderately well developed paunch.  
Becky didn't have chance to reply before the two girls were led to the centre
  of the hall and laid side by side, head to feet on a low bed that had been
  pulled there from an alcove. As they climbed on the bed, Becky saw close too,
  the vivid welt that ran across Gwen's breasts just above her nipples. &quot;That's
  what stopped you winning,&quot; Becky asked as she lightly traced her finger
  over it.  
Gwen nodded, &quot;And you look as if you caught a cracker too. Those servants
  go mad when they have the chance to wield a cane. So used to being on the other
  end of it. I'll see if we can get our own back later. Pity Horace didn't award
  us a jar of salve as the prize. My tits hurt like hell.&quot; From the way
  she spoke, Becky guessed Gwen was one of the aristocracy and not a serving
  girl mistress like her.  
&quot;Stop complaining Gwendolyn,&quot; her prize interrupted, &quot;And
  get those legs up. You'll get some cream shortly.&quot;  
&quot;Not on my titties though James,&quot; smiled Gwen.  
&quot;I'll see what I can do about that too,&quot; James replied.  
By now both girls had their knees pushed each side of the breasts and their
  feet by their ears. It was going to be a very public fucking. Comments and
  encouragement were being called from those standing around watching. Becky
  found her labia being forced wide open. It wasn't painful and she was still
  well lubricated with Frank's semen and with the sweat of running, but it gave
  her a very well stuffed feeling. The cock's owner tried to take his time and
  was able to control his emission enough for Becky to orgasm. At last she thought!
  Gwen's partner was still pumping away when he suddenly pulled out and rubbed
  his pego until it spurted over her breasts.  
&quot;There's no better cream for sore tits,&quot; James laughed, &quot;Rub
  it in.&quot;  
For some reason, Gwen seemed reluctant. Becky took the initiative. Gently
  with an extended index finger, she traced circles through the sperm and over
  Gwen's welts until it had almost disappeared. Realising she was the centre
  of attention now, Becky played with the girl's breasts sensually. Both their
  partners stood aside and watched with other guests. Gwen moaned slightly. &quot;It
  that helping the pain?&quot; Becky whispered. Gwen only groaned with pleasure
  again. Taking this as a sign, Becky closed her lips over Gwen's right nipple
  and gently suckled, and at the same time, massaged the woman's clit. The smell
  and taste of the spunk made her horny once more.  
&quot;Yes! Yes! Keep doing it Rebecca,&quot; sighed Gwen, nearing an orgasm.
  An unknown cock entered Becky's cunt from the back but she was more concerned
  with Gwen and only squealed when the man cupped and squeezed her tender tits.
  Willingly spreading her thighs she allowed herself to be filled with sperm
  yet again. Only when the pego was offered to her for cleaning, did she learn
  that Lord Heighton had performed in her. &quot;Fucked by a Lord, and it was
  no different to any other fuck!&quot; Becky muttered to herself.  
*****  
&quot;When you certainly seemed to be well screwed this time!&quot; Gloria
  commented as life returned to Veronica's body.  
&quot;Oooww!&quot; Veronica groaned when she tried to sit up. Her tits felt
  as if they were on fire. Her arse was sore and both her holes were very tender. &quot;It
  was some party. I don't know how many times I was fucked....&quot;  
&quot;It was me that was fucked,&quot; Becky cut in.  
&quot;...Or rather I was proxy fucked,&quot; Veronica corrected herself to
  Gloria, &quot;But it feels just the same.&quot;  
&quot;I'm gradually beginning to get the picture Veronica. You've been away
  enough times now for me to have a pretty good idea of what you and this Becky
  get up to. Sometimes I wish I could come with you but you say that's not possible.&quot;  
&quot;If you want to know what it feels like to have a Lord's or any of the
  other aristocracy's prick inside you, I can tell you it is no different to
  any other man's.&quot;  
&quot;I suppose it was Lord Heighton's.&quot; When Veronica confirmed this
  Gloria snorted, &quot;You'd better take a bath and to ease the soreness and
  get rid of the semen that's drying on your skin. Your tits look as if they
  have been caned.&quot;  
&quot;Not as bad as some. Poor Lady Beuchant. I cried at what Hector did
  to hers,&quot; Becky whispered.  
&quot;I suppose Hector was very cruel to Penelope Beuchant,&quot; Veronica
  commented to Becky as she lay languishing in the bath and reliving her latest
  experience. &quot;Will we go back to see it?&quot;  
Chapter 12. Penelope's ordeal   
&quot;Sir Martin must really hate his wife. I'm sure he engineered this whole
  punishment, Becky.&quot;  
&quot;She's a real bitch. I heard some of the servants talking about her.
  She'd already had three of them strapped so they were pleased she got to feel
  some pain too.&quot; Becky and Gwen lay sated in the arms of their latest lovers.
  Becky had taken Veronica back to show her how Hector punished poor Penelope.  
&quot;I've never seen breasts as long as hers,&quot; Veronica remarked, &quot;How
  old do you think she is?&quot;  
&quot;Lady Penelope Beuchant? That pinch-faced old woman must be in her sixties
  I should think. Must be somewhat older than her husband. Not one who you would
  expect at a sex party but I guess Sir Martin brought her along just to see
  her whipped. Didn't see anyone wanting to have sex with her although one guest
  had to tongue her as a forfeit.&quot;  
&quot;Hector seems to like torturing women, Beck's.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps that's why he doesn't seem to have a wife, Ronnie.&quot; While
  Becky and Gwen were enjoying the cocks they'd picked, Hector planned what he
  was to do with Penelope.&quot; Becky sat snuggled in James arms, sated and
  exhausted while Veronica watched Hector and Penelope through Becky's eyes.
  Penelope was bound with her spine hard against one of the classical columns
  that supported an arch to the minstrel gallery. Her screaming and disparaging
  remarks and what were obviously idle threats had resulted in her being gagged
  with a length of cloth that passed across her open mouth and encircled the
  column effectively silencing her cries and holding her head in one position.
  She looked a very sorry sight. The myriad of lines caused by the switches,
  now changing colour to a deeper hue, showed clearly against the pale, wrinkled
  skin. All except one were confined to the front of her body and were particularly
  prominent across her thighs and breasts. The odd one was a really vicious stroke
  across her backside. When she had stumbled and fell, a young footman in his
  excitement, seized the opportunity to switch the proffered arse as hard as
  he could. This wasn't in the rules and he paid for his error twenty times over.  
&quot;Bend over that stool,&quot; his Lordship ordered the unfortunate youth. &quot;Hold
  him there.&quot; Two of the other footmen grasped his arms and forced him down
  tightly to the stool. &quot;Bare his arse.&quot; His fancy breeches lowered
  and his buttocks publicly put on show. They were already criss-crossed with
  strap marks. &quot;Give him twenty cuts with his own switch.&quot;  
&quot;Please M'Lord, no. I'm already sore from the strap,&quot; the lad pleaded.  
&quot;You broke the rules, boy. We are duty bound to uphold Lady Penelope's
  honour,&quot; Lord Heighton spoke pompously. An elderly but well built woman,
  a friend of Penelope's, grabbed the switch and smiled. His Lordship nodded.  
&quot;Uphold her honour,&quot; Victoria thought, &quot;What nonsense, when
  they are about to torture her anyway, probably far more than the one stroke
  on her bum.&quot;  
Wielding the switch with full power, the woman laid the first stroke across
  the backside of the unfortunate youth. It brought forth a tremendous scream
  and the two footmen had difficulty in holding him still. Still smiling the
  woman crashed down stroke after stroke until after a dozen the boy hardly moved.
  Realising he couldn't take much more, the last eight were little more than
  token cuts. The completion brought forth applause from the guests.  
Although hardly able to stand, he was made to continue with his footman duties
  while the attention of the audience turned to Penelope.  
&quot;M'lords and ladies,&quot; Hector started in his formal way, &quot;It
  would appear to my humble eyes the reason why Penelope did not do better in
  the race, was due to the swinging of her breasts. The sideways motion of these
  lengthy sacks swung her first one way and then the other, reducing her speed
  to a fraction of the others.  
&quot;Balderdash!&quot; silently whispered Becky using a term she'd heard
  the gentry use, &quot;The fact that she is old, has not walked more than a
  few yards for many years and was too slow to dodge the switches had more to
  do with it. He's just a pompous sod Ronnie.&quot;  
&quot;Seems to me her husband deliberately set her up,&quot; Veronica thought
  transferred back.  
&quot;I have therefore decided that these gourds need the punishment more
  than any other part of her body.&quot; Hector paused. &quot;Before they can
  be punished, we must however, do something to stop them swaying in such an
  ungainly manner.&quot; Another pause. &quot;My apologies M'Lord, but I ordered
  a maid of yours to purloin one of the clothes lines from the kitchen.&quot; A
  maid stepped forward at his signal and presented him with a coil of quite rough
  looking hemp rope. Shaking the coils he found the rope ends and gave them to
  the maid, signalling for her to walk away from him and allowing the rope to
  run through his fingers until he was left with the central bight. This he looped
  around the back of Penelope's neck. &quot;Take this end and move over there,
  miss,&quot; he ordered the maid giving her the end that was around the left
  hand side of Penelope's neck and indicating she should move to the right. He
  himself moved to the left. For a few moments it looked as if he intended to
  strangle the woman but he only pulled the rope just taut.  
&quot;The woman's going to die of shock, Becky,&quot; Veronica remarked.  
&quot;No she's a tough old biddy, Ronnie. Wait and see.&quot;  
Hector now took his part of the rope and started to bind her left breast
  in tight, neat coils from the base. Because of the sagging length of them,
  he was able to get seven full turns around it before the nipple end was swollen
  and tight. He gave the free end to the maid and proceeded to bind the right
  tit until it matched the left. Both had begun to turn purple from the lack
  of fresh blood. The welts already across them stood out starkly white with
  red edges. Taking the free ends, he knotted them behind her neck just tight
  enough to lift the breasts to a horizontal position. They stood out like two
  grotesque penises.  
&quot;Sir Martin,&quot; Hector addressed the husband, &quot;Is it not many
  years since you've seen Penelope's titties as firm as this?&quot;  
&quot;It is indeed Hector, but they are a little cold. Should they not be
  warmed a little?&quot; Martin Beuchant cupped and squeezed the tortured breasts
  completely ignoring the pleas in his wife's eyes and the tears flooding down
  her cheeks. &quot;What do you think M'Lord?&quot; Lord Heighton in turn felt
  the swollen mammaries and declared they were definitely rather chilly. Hector
  again spoke quietly to the maid who ran off quickly.  
&quot;Surely they are not going to cane her tits again Becky. They look in
  bad enough state now. The cane must cut them badly.&quot; Veronica sounded
  horrified.  
&quot;Wait and see, Ronnie.&quot;  
The maid returned with a piece of calico and scissors. From the material
  Hector cut rectangle about two feet by one and then cut it into inch wide strips
  from one end to about nine inches from the other. All through the operation,
  Hector kept his audience entertained with talk and jokes on what he was doing. &quot;Now,
  if I roll this canvas lengthwise it will make a very serviceable cat-o-twelve
  tails.&quot; He held the cat by the uncut end now rolled to form a handle. &quot;Just
  because it is made from soft material, don't get the idea that it will not
  hurt. It will but not cut into the flesh. I am sure M'Lord Heighton will not
  wish blood spilled on his floor. Bend over girl.&quot; The last remark was
  addressed to the maid. She looked aghast but knew failure to comply would result
  is worse treatment. She bent over. Hector lifted her skirt and turned her so
  the onlookers could see her naked arse. &quot;Hold still girl.&quot; Hector
  ordered as he swung the improvised whip. It landed with a loud SPLAT causing
  the unfortunate maid to cry out but she held her position. Six more times Hector
  lashed the once white nates. Now they were bright red and from the cries from
  the maid, were extremely painful but were not welted. Hector signalled the
  girl away. Immediately an elderly man grabbed her and sat her on his prick.  
The attention again turned to Penelope. She knew what was coming. She'd seen
  the maid's reaction to the homespun whip and knew it would be directed to her
  old breasts, now swollen and purple. Inwardly she cursed her husband, his Lordship
  and especially Hector. Fortunately for the onlookers, her gag prevented them
  being heard. Casting her eyes down as best she could with her head fastened
  to the pillar, she saw the taut, bulbous ends jutting out ready for the pain
  they were about to receive.  
Before the stroke landed though, Hector had to make another grandiose speech
  designed to humiliate still further the woman bound to the pillar. Finally
  when he ran out of words he swung the canvas whip in a wide upward arc and
  caught the underside of both tits. They flew upwards and the audience could
  hear Penelope's muffled shriek. The next stroke was downward but this time
  the breast barely moved under the onslaught. Hector's rope binding them to
  her neck held them firm. Another muffled cry. Even against the dark colour
  of the engorged globes, the stripes stood out clearly. Hector continued to
  lambaste the tormented flesh first from one side and then the other until after
  about twenty lashes Penelope muffled cries became inaudible.  
&quot;Do you deem that sufficient Sir Martin?&quot; Hector asked.  
&quot;You did very well my friend,&quot; Sir Martin complimented, &quot;We'll
  leave her for a few minutes so that people can see the results of your devilish
  handiwork.&quot;  
Becky and her partner were one of the last to see and touch them. Even though
  she was appalled by the amount of punishment Penelope had taken she couldn't
  show it in front of the others.  
The scene changed quickly and Veronica found herself in a kitchen. Her arse
  and breasts seemed on fire, her cunt, raw. &quot;It's the morning two days
  later, Ronnie. We're in the kitchen of Fordenbridge Manor. I've come to see
  if cook has some ointment for our bums and titties. I didn't escape without
  several hidings but they weren't as severe as some. Lost track of the number
  of cocks I had.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sodding well going back with a sore arse again, Becky you bitch,&quot; Veronica
  grumbled, &quot;I'm sure you do it deliberately.&quot;  
&quot;Gloria likes you nice a tender,&quot; Becky laughed, &quot;But that
  isn't the reason. Thought you might like to hear how Penelope got on after
  she was taken to bed. Her troubles were not over by any means.&quot;  
A middle-aged footman entered the kitchen while they were waiting for cook
  to appear. &quot;What can I do for you Lass?&quot; he asked and when Becky
  explained what she wanted, &quot;I'll get it for you Miss. Put in on too if
  you wish.&quot;  
&quot;Well after all the hands that have mauled me, another pair won't matter.
  What's your name?&quot;  
&quot;Robins Miss.&quot; Robins led her to a side room and helped Becky take
  off her dress. &quot;Not as bad as Lady Beuchant's&quot; he remarked as he
  rubbed a soothing paste into her breasts.  
&quot;I heard you boys had some fun with her afterwards,&quot; Becky commented.  
&quot;Would have been nicer if it had been you Miss, but we were able to
  get some of our own back on the old woman which is what Sir Martin intended.
  Before we took her up, he whispered instructions to me.&quot; Robins paused
  and then went on, &quot;Tie her down spread-eagle on her bed.&quot; he said
  to me, &quot;Use the rope from her tits. They'll come to life again when the
  blood flows back so make sure you hold her well. Blindfold her and then let
  any of the staff have their way with her. Make sure every man and boy gets
  a chance to put his pego right in her. Insist they do. I want to see plenty
  of male juice coming out when I come up. I'm throwing her out of my house when
  I get back. I've put up with her bitching ways too long already.&quot;  
&quot;I heard she was really mean and cruel to the staff.&quot;  
&quot;She was indeed Miss. Even here she had three of the boys whipped and
  they were not on her staff so you can guess they were eager to get their own
  back even though her cunnie was old and dry. Normally we aren't allowed to
  touch any of the guests at these parties unless ordered to and seeing what
  goes on does make our manhood's rise so when we had the opportunity to use
  them, we did so. I went in first as senior footman and perhaps that was a mistake
  for it took a long while before she was slick enough with my juices to fuck
  properly. The old woman yelled and cursed us but we just let her. She couldn't
  see who was doing what. It was some hours later that Sir Martin came up. Even
  so some of the younger boys were on their third go at her.&quot;  
I wouldn't have thought many would have wanted one go at her,&quot; remarked
  Becky.  
&quot;Normally no, but these were revenge fucks, Miss.&quot; Robins was now
  massaging cream into Becky's bottom and then into the pubic area. &quot;You're
  one of us, aren't you Miss. Not a real Lady.&quot;  
&quot;How did you guess?&quot; Becky laughed. &quot;Does that mean you're
  allowed to put cream inside me as well?&quot;  
&quot;If you ask me to, Miss.&quot;  
&quot;Go ahead then unless we're likely to be disturbed.&quot;  
&quot;You really are a slut Becky!&quot; Veronica sounded indignant, &quot;After
  all the pricks you had, you wanted another.&quot;  
&quot;Just for that we'll go back to your time as soon as he's finished.&quot;  
Soon Veronica found herself back in her bed with Gloria looking curiously
  down at her. &quot;That was queer. For some time you just had the welts you
  had when you came back last time and then all of a sudden, you were covered
  in them and your cunt looked as if it had been poked for hours. Then it was
  obvious you were having it again.&quot;  
&quot;Becky went forward in time, so we missed out on a lot of the party
  action.&quot; Veronica explained, &quot;Now it looks as if I've got to suffer
  for a while now. Would you like to help me to the shower?&quot;  
Chapter 13. Birched   
'The next day we drove back to Bledgemoor in bright sunshine. I was dressed
  in all my finery again trying to look proud and ladylike but not sitting too
  comfortably on the hard seat. As we approached the gates, Master Peter casually
  remarked, &quot;Don't get too used to being a lady Rebecca. Now that we're
  home, you're back to being a servant again, and seeing you've had so many pegos
  inside you, everyone here can use you should they so wish.&quot; These few
  words changed my life for the worse.'  
Veronica read the words she typed on her computer some weeks ago now and
  reflected how Becky's life had changed especially as Edward frequently wanted
  her and took great delight in making sex painful for the girl. A new maid had
  arrived, She was young and inexperienced but not a virgin. Peter spent most
  nights with her. Edward resented the fact that Becky had been denied to him
  for so long and was determined to make her pay, ordering her to his room several
  nights in a row and tanning her backside and breasts with a strap before having
  sex. Veronica had been present on a number of these occasions, the last being
  the previous evening when the strapping had been particularly severe.  
&quot;You're a bitch Becky, you only take me back when you're going to get
  a thrashing,&quot; Veronica, gently raised her sore backside from the chair
  and lightly touched her tender breasts. She berated her invisible friend long
  and vociferously.  
&quot;You like it.&quot; Becky retorted, &quot;And I haven't taken you to
  the worse times. I've showed you other things too and the times we've come
  back without having a prick inside us, you've been disappointed.&quot;  
&quot;Once or twice! You only took me a very few times that I didn't get
  screwed and thrashed!&quot;  
&quot;I got it too remember. I did miss out many of the times I was whipped
  by Edward.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, I'll believe you. Still think you want to make me suffer so you
  can watch when Gloria has to treat me. You get your kicks from that!&quot; For
  once Veronica was angry with her ghostly companion and she raised her voice.
  Gloria knocked and popped her head round the door but was quickly told to &quot;Get
  the hell out of here and mind your own business.&quot; An instant later Veronica
  was back in Becky's past.  
&quot;You're in such a bad mood today Ronnie, I thought I was time you felt
  what a real punishment thrashing was like. Gloria will have her work cut out
  when I do take you back. Just you remember, I will feel the birch too but luckily
  only for the time I am back in my real life.&quot; Becky's voice sounded angry
  and bitter in Veronica's head.  
&quot;You bitch. I didn't ask to go back. I didn't get to tell Gloria I was
  going. Take me back this instant.&quot;  
&quot;Not this time Ronnie. You're going to regret the things you said about
  me.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry Becky. I didn't mean it. Must have got out of the wrong side
  of the bed. Take me back please. I don't want to feel you get another hiding.
  Not after last night's 'warming' with the strap. Not with the birch! Please
  take me back.&quot; Veronica's pleas became all the more desperate when she
  noticed Becky was standing naked in the cellar room where they'd witnessed
  Hilda being punished on Becky's first visit. The punishment room. Her entreaties
  escalated then ceased, replaced by fear when they heard footsteps approaching.
  Master Edward, the butler, Mrs. Simmons and a strange man carrying a board,
  paper and charcoal sticks entered.  
&quot;Who's the man?&quot; Veronica whispered even though she knew the others
  in the room couldn't hear anyway.  
&quot;Artist friend of Master Edward's. Likes to draw girls getting whipped
  and fucked. He's very good in an obscene way. He'll do quite a few sketches
  of me today,&quot; Becky replied. Two footmen entered carrying a deep pot. &quot;The
  birches are in there, steeping in salt water.&quot; Veronica could feel Becky
  shaking with fright. Edward told the footmen to stay.  
&quot;Becky, please, please take me back. I don't want to be here. I can
  guess the pain. I don't want to feel it. There's still time to go.&quot; Veronica
  sobbed out her pleas. &quot;I'm sorry for what I said. I didn't mean it.&quot;  
&quot;Shut up Ronnie. It's time you felt the real thing. Then you can have
  something to really complain about.&quot;  
Becky had a few more minutes to watch the scene while a chair was placed
  for the artist and the others took their places to watch the scene. In front
  of her was the hard wooden whipping bench. Back end raised to put the recipient's
  bottom in an ideal position for chastisement. Freida lit more candles that
  not only shed more light on Becky but the extra smoke in the unventilated room,
  gave Veronica the impression she was in a medieval dungeon ready to suffer
  at the hands of the inquisition.  
&quot;So Rebecca, your performance last night was abysmal.&quot; Edward seemed
  very angry. &quot;Not just poor, disgustingly poor. You put absolutely no effort
  into pleasuring me. You lay there like a sack of wet barley despite having
  been warmed with a good strapping. Well you won't have to put any effort in
  this time.&quot;  
&quot;Please Sir, I wasn't too well and I'm on my monthly curse. I still
  am Sir. I'll do much better next time. Really I will. Please Sir not the...&quot; Becky
  tried to reason with him but knew it was no use.  
&quot;If that wasn't bad enough, Mrs. Simmons tells me you aren't working
  hard enough in the kitchen,&quot; Edward cut in, &quot;Is that not so Mrs.
  Simmons?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, indeed it is Sir. Ever since she came back from being Master Peter's
  mistress over at Fordenbridge, she's acted like she's above the rest here.
  She needs that well and truly beaten out of her Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Ma'am, I couldn't work properly after all the strappings I've had.
  I was too sore...&quot;  
&quot;Silence girl,&quot; Edward cut in, &quot;We don't want any of your
  pathetically feeble excuses.&quot; Acknowledging the housekeeping remark he
  went on, &quot;I'm sure we'll all do our best to make sure she knows her place
  Mrs. Simmons.&quot; Turning to Becky, &quot;At least you won't have to do anything
  for the next few minutes. All you'll have to do is lie that and take what comes.
  That shouldn't be too difficult for you. Lie on the bench face down.&quot;  
Knowing she had no choice Becky lay with her chest to the bench. Straps quickly
  fastened her wrists and ankles and then another across the small of her back.
  Veronica could feel the tightness and knew her friend and, in turn, she herself,
  was utterly helpless. Immovable. Immovable that is except for the fear induced
  shaking. Her mind remembered the only two instances of birching she'd known
  in the months she's lived at the Hall. The first was a gardener. She'd not
  witnessed the actual birching but had seen the result of it several hours after.
  The boy's bottom was well welted and there were little open sores where the
  ends of the birch twigs had plucked out pieces of flesh. The boy was still
  utterly traumatised and in great pain. The second time she'd actually seen
  the birching carried out. It was a houseboy who had been caught stealing and
  was publicly birched in front of the whole household before being dismissed.
  Becky's mind saw him stripped naked and fastened to a pillar. His back and
  buttocks took twenty lashes before he passed out. Becky shuddered again at
  the sight of the welts and the rivulets of blood that ran down the boy's body.
  She knew she would suffer like that or worse.  
Edward's hands felt and squeezed the flesh of her buttocks, &quot;She's still
  a little tender from last night, Simmons,&quot; Edward remarked, &quot;But
  ignore that. Lay in on to the haughty minx. I don't want her to be able to
  sit comfortably for a month. Then we'll turn her over and warm the other side
  ready for some fun.&quot;  
&quot;Very good Sir. I'll start at the top and work down.&quot; A shudder
  went through Becky as a few drops of brine landed on her back, the prelude
  to the far more vicious pain that was to follow. Time seemed to stand still
  for a second. A gentle swish. An explosion of pain and fire ripped across her
  shoulders. Becky screamed at the top of her lungs. It felt as though she'd
  been cut through and then stung by hundreds of bees.  
&quot;Good man. Lay them all on like that.&quot; Edward gloated over the
  suffering girl. Simmons waited and then struck Becky again, this time a little
  lower, bringing renewed screams from her. Veronica too was feeling the pain
  and was trying to plead with Becky to take them back but couldn't get through
  to her above the screams. Becky's mind was on the pain, not Veronica. Steadily
  Simmons lashed the poor girl's body until her back, buttocks and thighs were
  a bird's nest of welts and trickles of blood. She was beginning to fade into
  unconsciousness when the birching stopped.  
&quot;Wet her down Mrs. Simmons,&quot; Edward ordered. Freida stepped forward
  and poured a little brine water over the open stripes, bringing Becky back
  out of her stupor and renewing her hoarse yelling. Vaguely she felt the straps
  being undone and hoped it was all over but in the back of her mind she knew
  it wasn't. As they turned her over she saw Edward had his prick out. It was
  fully hard so she knew he was enjoying her pain. A tremendous bolt of pain
  went through her as her back hit the hard board and the straps pulled it tight
  to the wood. Becky could only groan as the birch bit into her breasts, then
  her stomach and the front of her thighs. Her mind went black only to become
  clear when smelling salts brought her back again. Again the terrible lash descended,
  this time between her thighs, then a second.  
&quot;Move away Simmons. I can't wait any longer.&quot; Edward's voice found
  it's way to Becky's brain just as his prick found the entrance to her tender,
  swollen cunt. It didn't bother him. Lying on top of her, he fucked vigorously
  but it was short lived. Within a few minutes he shot his seed. Now it was Reginald
  Simmons' turn. He too seemed unconcerned for the pain he was causing, just
  as he was unconcerned that he had inflicted it. Reginald lasted longer but
  Becky got no pleasure from it. Her mind was numb. Edward now ordered the footmen. &quot;Do
  your duty boys. Give it to her good and hard.&quot; Watching the scene, although
  it horrified them, had nevertheless stimulated their pricks and both sported
  full erections.  
The older one went first and tried to emulate those who preceded him. Jimmy,
  the younger liked Becky and was extremely sorry for her. He tried not to hurt
  her any more that he had to and whispered in Becky's ear, &quot;Sorry Becky
  but I've got to do it.&quot; The last words were almost lost in a cry as the
  birch hit his arse.  
&quot;Get on with it boy! Do it hard. That's how bitches like her should
  take it.&quot; Edward's voice showed his anger. Jimmy bucked and rode poor
  Becky hard. He didn't want to be the recipient of the next birching. Finally
  he to shot his load into her.  
&quot;What about you Albert?&quot; Edward asked his artist friend, &quot;Are
  you going to put your crayons down for a few minutes?&quot;  
&quot;You know which hole I want Edward. Get these boys to unfasten her ankles
  and pull them up by her head if you please.&quot;  
&quot;Do as he says boys,&quot; Edward grinned now seemingly in a better
  mood, &quot;With his thin pego it fits bum holes better.&quot; Indeed it did.
  It wasn't the shortness of the length but it was thinner than normal so he
  always got more pleasure from a tight arsehole, girl's or boy's. Indeed it
  was the sight of the two footmen with the breeches down that had given him
  an erection. Almost inured to the pain, Becky just prayed it would soon be
  over. However she knew that even when they finished with her, she would suffer
  the effects of the birching for many days to come.  
Finally Albert withdrew and stood back. &quot;Hold her in that pose boys.
  I want a sketch of her like that.&quot;  
Becky was hardly conscious of what happened after although Veronica remembered
  it better. At first there was an endless procession of staff sent to view her
  punishment. &quot;So they'll know to do better,&quot; as Edward put it. Then
  two boys gently carried her to her bed and Mrs. Simmons and a maid carefully
  washed and tended her welts. For a woman who was ruthless in Edward's company
  she now seemed surprisingly caring. &quot;Drink this,&quot; she ordered, offering
  the girl a beaker of liquid. &quot;It will lessen the pain and make you sleep.&quot; Veronica
  slept too only to wake in her own bed. It was dark with just the light from
  a small bedside lamp.  
&quot;My God, Veronica,&quot; Gloria's voice showed deep concern, &quot;You
  really went through it this time. I think I will have to take you to the hospital.
  I missed the first part. You didn't say you were going.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't know I was going. Becky the bitch just kidnapped me. No, Gloria,
  don't take me to the hospital. There'll be just too many questions. I'll get
  over it. Becky did I suppose.&quot; She looked around and called out in a normal
  voice, &quot;Are you there Becky, you bitch?&quot; There was no reply. Nor
  was there any for the whole of the next day. Veronica's appeals became more
  and more abject.  
&quot;Becky, please come back to me. I miss you so. I'm so sorry I was a
  bitch to you yesterday. You are still my friend and I hope I am yours. I've
  taken my punishment, please come to me.&quot; Becky kept her silence for another
  twenty-four hours but watched as Gloria carefully tended her friend. Veronica
  was being comforted far more than she had been. She'd been made to get out
  of bed the next day and resume work in the kitchen although the work she'd
  been made to do was of a lighter nature than normal and the other staff helped.  
Chapter 14. James   
'For the rest of that day I was allowed to rest on my bed. Janet came at
  intervals and bathed the worst of the open cuts and applied Mrs. Simmons' herbal
  salve but it didn't seem to make much difference. Towards evening Mrs. Simmons
  herself appeared with a goblet of bitter tasting liquid and ordered me to drink
  it all. Whatever was in it calmed the pain for a while and I was able to sleep.
  However sometime in the middle of the night the effects wore off and I became
  restless and my moans and sobbing disturbed the other girls sleeping nearby.
  Janet tried to ease my pain but any relief was short lived. While they were
  sympathetic to my plight, after a hard day, they needed their rest too. I of
  course knew this and did what I could be remain quiet but as the night wore
  on, so the pain increased. Their compassion would soon fade if I kept them
  awake for too long. It is perhaps a strange thing, if a boy or girl are given
  twelve strokes of the strap, no matter that they hurt severely, the matter
  was always treated as fair game or a joke but my punishment had gone far beyond
  that. Perhaps they realised that by the grace of God, it might have been them.  
I tried to sit and get up, an action that brought a loud unsolicited cry.
  Janet quickly appeared at my bed and I asked her to light a candle from the
  night light that is always kept burning in the room and to help me to the box
  room at the end of the corridor. In the event Mary helped as well. I knew there
  was a straw palliasse in there and no one would be disturbed by my cries. There
  I lay in darkness, covered only by some disused and dusty drapery.  
Mary came to fetch me in the morning because Janet was on early duty and
  saw the filthy state I was in. She immediately fetched Mrs. Simmons who berated
  me and ordered me in the kitchen for a thorough cleaning. A painful, if necessary
  cleaning. And a very public one too but I was past worrying about my body being
  seen.  
Not having any stomach for breakfast and not being able to sit, I declined
  any food but cook insisted on my having a plate of porridge, which I managed
  to force down. The housekeeper set me to work insisting, &quot;It's better
  for you to keep your muscles moving, otherwise they'll be so stiff you'll never
  want to move them again,&quot; but it was only dusting jobs in the main rooms.
  Mary accompanied me and she was ordered to move any vases and things for me
  because my hands shook so. I hoped Mrs. Simmons was right but it didn't seem
  like it at the time. Somehow I managed to get through the day but by the end
  of the evening I was overwhelmingly tired and so sore I knew I wouldn't be
  able to sleep without another dose of the bitter liqueur. Reluctantly I was
  given some. &quot;You mustn't have too much of this otherwise you'll always
  be wanting it, even when you don't need it,&quot; Mrs. Simmons explained. She
  also made sure I had clean linen to lie on and a rather threadbare but clean
  blanket to cover me. Thus I spent the second night in the box room.  
My work the next day was in the kitchen. It was wrongly assumed that by now,
  I should be getting over the birching but a glimpse of the vivid welts, and
  the scabs forming should have told them otherwise. Most of the time I was washing
  pans, some of which were made of heavy cast iron. Lifting these caused my shoulders
  to scream with pain. Stirring the cooking pots was a little easier. Once again
  I went to the box room, sore and very weary knowing I would have no dulling
  of the pain from the liqueur.  
My rest was disturbed after only a short while. &quot;She's in here Master
  James.&quot; It was Hilda's voice. James had heard some of the servants talking
  about the birching and the state I was in. Before I could even make a feeble
  attempt at getting up, the door opened and Hilda entered carrying a bright
  oil lamp that dazzled my eyes for the moment. Master James followed her in.
  Having lain on my right side for some time, that being the least marked part
  of my body, I struggled to rise but had to slump back after the first attempt.  
&quot;Help her up if you please Hilda,&quot; the master ordered. Hilda placed
  the lamp on a box and helped me rise. My attempt at a curtsey nearly landed
  me back on the floor and would have done had not Hilda caught me. &quot;Lift
  her shift, please Hilda.&quot; James looked at me for only a moment before
  ordering Hilda, &quot;Take her to my room and then bring whatever ointments
  you can find that will help.&quot;  
Up to then I'd had little enough to do with Master James apart from serving
  him at meals. Never had I been to bed with him and I knew he only occasionally
  took a maid to his room. Never more than one a week. Those that did said they
  would willingly return for he was a considerate and polite lover who made no
  attempt to hurt or punish them. Master Edward would poke fun at him but James
  generally fended it off with quiet good humour.  
The rest of that night was spent in Master James' bed lying on a thick mattress
  of soft feathers. Master James lay close but not touching me. His closeness
  helped to lift the weight of the bedclothes from my sore body. I slept for
  longer that night than I had the previous two but before morning the pain came
  back and although I forced myself to remain as still and as silent as I could,
  I still woke the master. Fearing a spanking at least, I apologised most profusely
  but he told me to stop worrying and turned up the light, whereupon he took

  some of the ointment and applied it himself to my sorest places. I was truly
  amazed that one of the masters would do this to a lowly servant. Master Peter
  and Master Edward, if they had bothered at all, would have either sent me away
  or rang for a maid to do it. As he moved around I noticed his nightshirt was
  tented out in front but he made no attempt to molest me and I only caught glimpses
  of his erect pego when he bent down. It was obvious my nakedness excited him
  but even when he applied the ointment to my most intimate places, he never
  did anything to stimulate or interfere with me sexually.  
On returning to bed, I placed my hand on his prick and asked if he wished
  me to service him but he answered quietly, &quot;I will savour that pleasure
  when you are healed.&quot; It was at my insistence he did so three nights later.
  In the meantime he kept me under his wing. I stayed in his room most of the
  day and sorted and tidied his clothing and books as best I could and for two
  nights I laid chastely alongside him.  
On the third night I almost had to compel James to put his pego in its proper
  place. I was still very sore but he'd been so kind and generous in his help,
  that I deemed it my duty to provide him with some satisfaction. I knew he had
  been aroused by my presence and had forced himself to refrain from entering
  me. Nor did he ask one of the other maids to come and service him.  
I helped him undress as usual and when he was settled, it being quite warm
  in the room, I pulled the clothing back and climbed on top of him. His pego
  was fully erect and, despite the pain in my buttock and leg muscles, I lowered
  myself on to it. Thereafter I felt his hands on my hips and he assisted me
  to roger him. Afterwards I thanked him for pleasuring me which surprised him.
  Politely he replied, &quot;The pleasure was mine young lady.&quot;  
A week or so later I started work again in the kitchen. Mrs. Simmons insisted
  moving myself would help the healing process but of that I have my doubts.
  Lifting and carrying buckets of water gave me a lot of pain but I tried to
  do the work as best I could. At first the housekeeper was considerate in what
  she asked of me but as the days wore on, so my punishment became more and more
  forgotten, except of course, by me.  
When I wasn't with Master James, my body was available to the entire senior
  staff and guests. On two occasions, Mr. Simmons, the butler, took me to his
  room forced his prick into my cunnie and my bottom hole. As is his want, he
  took me hard and roughly without giving any thought for the sore welts that
  still decorated my body. Indeed I fear the knowledge he was giving me pain
  gave him much pleasure. Fortunately Edward more or less ignored me. I think
  Master Peter may have said something to him.  
Albert, Edward's artist friend, spotted me one afternoon about a week after
  the thrashing. I was polishing a table in the library. He watched me for a
  few minutes and then ordered, &quot;Stay just like that! Don't move.&quot; My
  position, stretched across the table to polish the rail at the rear, I knew
  would give him a good view at least of the upper part of my thighs and probably
  much of my bum as well. I could feel the hem of my dress had worked its way
  up. Albert walked from side to side for studying my rear a minute or two. He
  raised the hem an inch or two higher but didn't uncover my arse completely.
  I held my position, wondering fearfully if he was about to spank or ravish
  me but as soon as I heard the scrape of a chair I rightly guessed it was just
  to do another drawing for Edward's collection. He seemed to take a long while
  and I began to get cramps but every time I made the slightest movement he reprimanded
  me to stay still. Finally it was over and I was able to stand. My relief lasted
  only a few minutes. Albert placed the drawing on the table where I could see
  it and unfastened his breeches. His prick sprang free, hard and erect. I tried
  to stall the inevitable. &quot;That's an excellent drawing Sir,&quot; I said
  but he took no notice and commanded me to bend over the table again. As before,
  he wanted my bum hole and as soon as he gained entrance, pumped his weapon
  in me with gusto causing me considerable pain. Fortunately he was not long
  in spending his load.  
I continued with my work but Albert didn't leave. Instead he went to a panel
  and turned a knobbly part of the carving and to my surprise the panel opened
  and inside was a deep cupboard with papers and such. Albert placed the drawing
  on a pile of similar papers and then seeing me looking, abruptly told me to
  look the other way. Fearing another spanking should he tell Master Edward I
  immediately did so. Before leaving Albert warned me. &quot;If you tell a single
  soul of what you saw, then the hiding you had last week will feel like a mild
  spanking.&quot; I never mentioned it to anyone.'  
Veronica finished typing and read through the text on screen, remembering
  all the happenings that occurred following her return from Becky's birching.
  She'd suffered greatly for the first day or so. Becky ignored her. The first
  indication of Becky's continued presence came when she was whisked back to
  her time. Taken right from under Gloria's watchful eyes. The return had been
  repeated many times since and Veronica put the incidents together in her narrative.
  By now Gloria had guessed much of what was happening and Veronica openly discussed
  what happened after each episode away. After the birching she had vehemently
  advised her companion to have nothing more to do with Becky and in her pain
  Veronica almost agreed. Now she was glad she didn't. No one else would have
  the practical insight into a maid's life of two hundred years ago that she
  had.  
&quot;Can't we go forward to when I'm completely healed Becky?&quot; Veronica
  pleaded after the first return.  
&quot;No. Too many things happened that changed my life but we'll jump ahead
  and generally stay for just short visits so you get a general idea of what
  it was like to live through a thrashing in my times.&quot; Not wanting to upset
  their relationship again now they were talking once more, Veronica refrained
  from calling her a bitch and adopted the attitude that Becky knew what she
  was doing. Despite the pain, without Becky and their trips into the past, life
  would be very dull indeed. In any case she was far better off using modern
  painkillers than Becky had been with whatever was in the liquid and homemade
  salve.  
Now, a three weeks after in both time zones, the stripes on Veronica's body
  were still very prominent but the pain has lessened considerably. Gloria tended
  her less regularly and she was now able to get take her to bed where each abandoned
  themselves to lesbian love. Veronica found this less demanding than the virtual
  sex she was having through Becky.  
&quot;I know what you're thinking Ronnie,&quot; Becky remarked, as she watched
  Veronica read the typed passage again.  
&quot;Do you think the pictures are still there Becky? Do you think we can
  find the knobbly bit of carving is in the library? I only saw it the once,
  I expect you looked at it quite a bit afterwards when you had to work in the
  room. Do you think the panel will still work?&quot;  
One question at a time Ronnie please,&quot; Becky laughed. &quot;There's
  only one way to find out. Gloria's out in the garden tending her precious flowers
  so let's have a look.&quot;  
The 'library' had long been devoid of books and only a few of the shelves
  remained. Gloria termed it the 'quiet room' where she could relax and read
  or write. The room looked very different but the fireplace, now only used as
  a receptacle for a decorative dried flower arrangement, and the oak panelled
  walls on either side were still as they were. At dado height was the row of
  almost identical carved lion heads. Gone was the demi-lune table Becky had
  been dusting but its position could easily be visualised. &quot;You stand where
  you think you were when you saw Albert and tell me when I touch the right carving,&quot; Veronica
  ordered. From her position Becky could estimate to within three heads, which
  should operate the panel. Veronica tried turning the centre one. Much to her
  surprise it moved. To her chagrin, the movement stopped after only an eighth
  of a turn and nothing happened. She wriggled the knob back and forth but to
  no avail.  
&quot;Try turning and pulling, Ronnie. I seem to remember it was further
  from the wall when Albert used it. He had his finger right around the head.&quot; As
  if reluctant to leave the position it had been set for two centuries, the carving
  only released its grip a small fraction at a time. Eventually by dint of much
  jiggling and pulling it came out and Veronica was able to rotate it a full
  turn. The neighouring panel creaked a little but did not move.  
&quot;Damn!&quot; Veronica swore and thumped the panel with her fist. Much
  to her surprise it had the desired effect. Whatever gunk had been holding it
  closed gave way and the panel creakingly started to slide. Impatiently, Veronica
  pushed it fully open and peered inside the dark, dusty recess. It appeared
  to be about two feet deep, the depth of chimney breast and went behind and
  below the adjacent panels, making quite a sizable storage space. A dust covered
  shelf, half the depth of the recess, ran across the opening. &quot;Aaarhtishooo!&quot; Veronica
  sneezed and sent a cloud of dust into the air. She sneezed again. &quot;Can't
  see anything Becky. Too dark and dirty. I'll get the kitchen torch.&quot;  
&quot;I can't see anything either, Ronnie but there could be something on
  the floor of this hole.&quot; Becky voice sounded optimistic.  
The torch however, revealed nothing but more dust. &quot;I'll get the vacuum
  cleaner, then we can at least make sure nothing is there.&quot; Both girls
  were very disappointed at finding only an empty space. It was nice to know
  they had a secret hideaway but they had hoped it was full on interesting things.  
&quot;That knot hole in the floor board looks as if it was put there for
  a purpose,&quot; Becky commented, &quot;Will the board lift out?&quot; After
  struggling for a minute or two, not only did the board come out, an area of
  the floor came out with it. Another secret compartment.  
Veronica shone the torch. &quot;I think it's there Becky, it's there!&quot; she
  cried out with delight.  
&quot;What's there? And what are you two up to now?&quot; Gloria's angry
  voice silenced them. Although she could only see Veronica, she guessed Becky
  was there too. &quot;And why have you taken out the panel? The whole room smells
  of dust.&quot;  
The silence lasted only for a few moments, &quot;It's the book, Gloria, the
  book of Albert's drawings. It's still in this secret cupboard.&quot; Veronica
  excitedly leaned in and gently removed a parcel wrapped in oiled cloth.  
&quot;Hold it right there young lady. I don't want that mess all over my
  table and floor.&quot; Gloria spread a newspaper on the table and, after gently
  vacuuming the dust from the cloth, Veronica carefully removed the now sear
  oiled cloth to uncover the leather bound folder while the other two looked
  on. The folder was in surprisingly good condition. No doubt the dry atmosphere
  and the covering had provided the right amount of protection. All three looked
  on with some excitement as Veronica slowly and carefully opened the folder.  
Chapter 15. Mary   
The drawings still looked clear and fresh although the paper was now somewhat
  yellowed and a little delicate. &quot;We must wear cotton gloves to prevent
  grease or acids from their fingers marking or damaging the old paper,&quot; Gloria
  insisted, &quot;They could be valuable. We mustn't handle them too much or
  leave them in the light too long either.&quot;  
&quot;I think we should use the digital and photograph them,&quot; Veronica
  suggested, &quot;That way we'll have a permanent record if anything goes wrong.&quot; It
  was during the photography they discovered Edward had written on the back of
  each drawing. On some it was only a small comment, others a full-length tale
  and all written in beautiful copperplate handwriting. Some had more than one
  comment obviously written at different times, that, together with the fact
  the drawings were in random order, gave them to understand the drawings had
  been looked at on more than one occasion.  
One showing Becky came to the surface. &quot;That's Becky!&quot; &quot;That's
  me!&quot; Veronica and Becky cried out simultaneously although, of course,
  Gloria didn't hear the latter comment. The drawing showed Becky strapped down
  to the punishment bench ready to receive her birching. Albert had made sure
  he was in a good position to sketch Becky's wide-open sex and puckered rectum.  
&quot;What's Edward written about me?&quot; asked Becky.  
&quot;Rebecca ready to receive a well deserved arse warming for failing to
  service her master in a proper manner.&quot; Veronica read. &quot;I bet you
  would have loved to have Becky in that position Gloria,&quot; Veronica commented, &quot;Though
  I doubt you would have punished her as badly as Edward did.&quot;  
&quot;What we can see of her looks very nice, very nice indeed,&quot; laughed
  Gloria, &quot;But I have yet to see her face.&quot; Veronica and Becky had
  forgotten that Gloria had no idea what Becky looked like and shuffled through
  the pile until they found the one Albert had done while she was dusting the
  table.  
&quot;Rebecca three weeks after her birching, cheekily showing her arse to
  Albert while pretending to polish the table. Her brown hole soon got its reward.&quot;  
&quot;Bloody cheek!&quot; Becky exclaimed, &quot;He makes it sound as if
  I deliberately posed like that.&quot;  
&quot;She looks a very pretty girl, Gloria commented, &quot;Those large eyes
  and cute mouth could bewitch any man. And she still looks like that Veronica?&quot;  
&quot;Only when we're back in her time. When I found her in the box, she
  was nothing but a bag of bones. In daylight she's invisible anyway so I think
  of her as she was then.&quot;  
They continued to shuffle carefully through the obscene but beautifully executed
  drawings. Becky featured in a number of them and Gloria was able to more fully
  appreciate her beauty.  
&quot;That's Mary,&quot; Becky informed them. Veronica had already met the
  girl and relayed the information to Gloria. &quot;I don't remember that incident.
  Maybe it was after I left.&quot;  
The picture showed a plumpish, dark-haired girl, naked from the waist down,
  kneeling with her arse in the air and her mouth engulfed around Edward's prick.
  He sat in an armchair and held her head to his crotch by firmly grasping her
  hair. James sat alongside in another armchair, looking disgustedly at the scene
  but with his breeches bulging at the front. To one side stood the butler wielding
  a cane, a cane that had already put a number of stripes across the offered
  buttocks. Janet and Freida and several other servants stood nearby and watched.
  Freida's face had a smile but the others all looked glum, knowing they could
  just have easily been in Mary's place.  
&quot;He's written a long story on this one,&quot; Veronica remarked when
  she turned the sheet over.  
&quot;Read it Veronica please,&quot; Gloria requested, &quot;The writing
  is small and your eyes are better than mine.&quot;  
&quot;Albert excelled himself with this one. I particularly like the way
  he captured the expressions on the faces of the onlookers. The glum look of
  the servants, the disgust of my righteous brother and the smirk of Mrs. Simmons,
  are all typical of them at the time. I expect our housekeeper used Mary's mouth
  when I freed her. Some of the girls told me that she wouldn't treat their sore
  arses until they mouthed her satisfactorily and usually Reggie rogers them
  at the same time.  
Mary has a pert little nose and the fullest lips of any girl I've known and
  those lips fit delightfully around a man's pego although I know she doesn't
  do it by choice. Only when ordered and then only through fear of the strap
  or worse. I do like it when the maids are forced to accept what I do to them
  because they are afraid of getting a good warming if they don't. Reggie too
  is a man after my own heart. He gleefully punishes both maids and boys and
  rogers both afterwards.  
Mary found herself in this predicament by being unusually clumsy. She's a
  buxom wench and not as lithe as some of the other maids. Towards the end of
  supper she came to serve the dessert dishes and as she bent over her lips and
  ample cleavage caught my eye and I decided it would be nice to end the meal
  with those lips around my pego. I ordered her under the table but in getting
  into position with her large form, she lifted the table and upset some of the
  food and ale. She was immediately sent to the side of the room to await her
  punishment.  
Later when we were retired to the smoking room and I was relaxing with a
  good cigar, I had her brought in. Of course she started to plead with me to
  spare her, they all do that, but I quickly silenced her and ordered the removal
  of her lower clothing. Reggie came in bringing a cane and the servants that
  were not required for other duties. It does them good and helps them to know
  their place here if they watch the punishment of others. Some of the boys get
  erect from watching as Albert has indicated on the drawing so perhaps they
  would use the same methods were they in the position to do so.&quot;  
Veronica paused and turned the sheet over. &quot;Yes,&quot; she commented, &quot;Two
  of them do have bulges in the front of their breeches. I wonder if they really
  got off on watching or whether it was just unavoidable instinct for them to
  get hard.&quot;  
&quot;Probably a bit of both,&quot; Gloria replied, &quot;Carry on with the
  story.&quot;  
&quot;Seeing the cane and the other servants, Mary started sobbing but Mrs.
  Simmons stepped forward and gave her a rag and curtly told the girl to dry
  her eyes or it would be worse for her if she wetted the master's clothing.
  The warning had little effect. 'Kneel and get those lips around my pego like
  you should have done at the supper table,' I ordered and when she complied
  I instructed her to lift her arse ready for the cane. Putting my cigar to one
  side I gripped her hair and forced my cock deep into her throat until her nose
  was buried in my pego hair. 'Reggie, I said, 'You will apply the cane to her
  arse and count to twenty between each application. This will continue until
  she has swallowed my seed. She will then do the same to brother James.' I repeated
  the instruction so that Mary knew it was in her best interest to perform well.
  James scowled and protested but I insisted. He has been very sullen since we
  had that tart Rebecca put in jail. Poor fool, he still thinks she ran away.&quot;  
&quot;They put you in jail, Becky?&quot; Veronica exclaimed, &quot;You never
  mentioned that. What happened? Why?&quot;  
&quot;That comes a little later so I won't give away my secrets till then,&quot; laughed
  Becky, &quot;I guess you will learn by experience too. Painful experience!&quot;  
&quot;I might have known!&quot;  
&quot;What are you two talking about?&quot; Gloria cut in crossly. &quot;I
  hate it when I only hear the question are not the answer. It's like hearing
  one part of a telephone conversation.&quot; Veronica told her and then went
  on with the tale.  
&quot;I felt Mary start to suck and then her mouth closed a little when Reggie
  laid a real stinger across the arse. It was a second or two before she recovered
  enough to start sucking again. To give her a little more scope, I released
  her hair, which gave her the freedom to bob up and down nicely. It greatly
  amused me to watch as Reggie flicked his fingers to the count and then slice
  a beautiful line of fire across that plump arse. Although I tried to hold back
  as long as I could, it only took nineteen strokes before the little minx was
  swallowing my seed.  
&quot;Get your shaft out of your britches James,&quot; I ordered, &quot;This
  young lady wants a little more sustenance in her vitals.&quot; Despite his
  reluctance, James was hard and though he doesn't use it much, he is quite well
  endowed. Mary knelt and took him and started her second course but this time
  James aided her by masturbating himself so we only had the pleasure of seeing
  her get eleven strokes.  
Reggie opened his pants and rogered her well and then Albert dipped his thing

  in her bottom, which caused her to squeal some more. James ordered her to his
  room afterwards so I expect she was mollycoddled for the rest of the night.
  He's much too soft to be a master of this house.&quot;  
Veronica finished reading. &quot;How long were you in jail Becky?&quot;  
&quot;Too long and I won't be telling you about it just yet. I spent a few
  more happy months here before that. Months with pleasure and few hidings, so
  that will please you.&quot;  
Chapter 16 Thrashed again   
Veronica finished typing for the day and saved the file, now over 700Kb in
  size. &quot;I think that's enough for today, Becky,&quot; she remarked, &quot;Perhaps
  I'll just look at a few of the drawings.&quot;  
You just want to get yourself horny! And Gloria is out so you'll just have
  to play with yourself,&quot; Becky replied, &quot;I can't help you there, Ronnie.
  Not unless I take you back.&quot;  
&quot;Not now Becky, thanks. I'm still a bit tender from last time. James'
  cock is nice but when you jump ahead in time so I get it several times in one
  session, it makes me a bit sore. There was a day or so between each fuck when
  it actually happened to you..&quot;  
Popping the CD of Albert's pictures into the tray Veronica idly looked over
  the drawings, pausing every now and again at one that involved Becky and remembering
  the usually painful experience. It was now two months since Becky and she had
  found the secret cupboard and in the intervening period Becky had taken her
  back on many occasions and they had enjoyed long love making sessions with
  James. Only on two occasions did she arrive back with a sore bottom and then
  it was more a playful warming that a punishment strapping. When she remarked
  on it to Becky her companion laughed, &quot;So you miss having your arse well
  beaten and raped. Well there was one time when James was away&hellip;.&quot; Almost
  instantly she was back in the past.  
Scrolling back through the text to the passage that described the event she
  reread the account.  
&quot;Get those fine clothes off and your working clothes on,&quot; Mrs.
  Simmons yelled, &quot;Now Master James is away you'll do a proper day's work
  here in the kitchen and woe betide you if we find you slacking.&quot; I knew
  that without James' protection, things would be hard for me. Freida and Reggie,
  (since being with James my mind called them by their first names although I
  would never speak that way), would delight in punishing me. Indeed many of
  the other maids and houseboys, jealous of my position, would do what they could
  to see me get a thrashing. Hurriedly I went and changed but I was not quick
  enough for Freida.  
&quot;You're late for work,&quot; she informed me and then ordered, &quot;Lay
  yourself over the table.&quot; Knowing I had little choice and that a refusal
  would only make matters worse, I did so. My arse was bared and Freida laid
  on four hard, painful strokes with the strap. &quot;That's just for starters,&quot; she
  said, &quot;If your work isn't up to our standard during the day, we'll add
  a few more stripes this evening. Master James won't be back for a week so the
  marks will fade by then.&quot; I knew whatever I did that day I was to receive
  further punishments when dinner was over. So it proved.  
When the kitchen table had been cleared after our evening meal and all the
  washing-up done Freida ordered, &quot;Strip right off girl,&quot; and when
  I hesitated she went on, &quot;Hurry up, you've done it enough times for the
  masters.&quot; Somehow though it always felt different to do it in front of
  my fellow servants. Nevertheless I hurriedly complied. &quot;You too Elsie.&quot; The
  command surprised us both. &quot;Mr. Wilcox complained you didn't perform with
  much enthusiasm last night and he has asked that you be well warmed and ready
  for him when he calls for you later,&quot; she went on. Elsie had only been
  with us for about a month and was still hesitant about having her young body
  used by all the men in the household.  
&quot;I'm sorry Mrs. Simmons, but his belly is so paunchy that it was difficult
  for him to&hellip;&quot; Elsie tried to excuse herself but Freida cut her short.  
&quot;Nonsense girl. He is a friend of Master Peter's and as such you should
  have bent your body to accommodate him, not the other way round. It is up to
  you to make sure our guests are well satisfied.&quot; Poor Elsie still tried
  to worm her way out of the hiding but was told bluntly to take her punishment
  or she would have two doses, one from her and one from Reggie. Weeping Elsie
  lay over the table.  
&quot;CRACK!&quot; Freida laid the strap hard across the girl's buttocks.
  Elsie grunted as the pain reached her brain but she did not scream. From previous
  experience I learned that it was unwise to try and be brave and keep silent.
  This would only make Freida more determined and to hit harder. On the other
  hand crying out too early would have the same effect, the difficulty was judging
  when to yell and plead. Elsie's fortitude held until the fourth stroke and
  then bottled up power in her lungs let out the most tremendous and piercing
  scream. It was so loud it startled all of us. Frieda however, grinned and laid
  on another two hard wallops. She gave the girl a few minutes to recover and
  then moved her to an area where there was a low beam.  
&quot;That was your punishment girl. Now Mr. Wilcox wants your front warmed
  up ready for him. He doesn't want to waste time getting you in the mood.&quot; Freida
  was again smiling which I knew to be a bad omen. &quot;Stretch up and hold
  that beam. Legs wide apart.&quot; Still sobbing and with tears coursing down
  her face, Elsie complied. &quot;Pass me the tickler Mr. Simmons if you please.&quot; Reggie
  handed her a whip with a dozen or so leather strips about the length of a man's
  forearm. Used with restraint it would indeed warm and give a nice tingling
  sensation but I guessed Freida would not exercise any restraint. I was right.
  A furious barrage of strokes laced her thighs and stomach. Frieda ignored the
  poor girl's cries and managed to get in five hard lashes on Elsie's cunnie
  before she let go of the beam and crumbled on the floor. I was sorry for the
  young thing but was powerless to help. Indeed I was concerned because my own
  punishment was to follow.  
&quot;I think you will have to hold her up Mr. Simmons so that I can complete
  her warming. She hasn't the stamina of the older girls.&quot;  
&quot;Please Mrs. Simmons, no more please. Please no more. I hurt too bad
  now.&quot; Elsie's pleas went unheeded and Reggie picked her up. He locked
  her arms in his behind her back in a way that forced her breasts out. We all
  knew where the lash would hit. Mercifully for Elsie she passed out after only
  six strokes much to Freida's disappointment and grumbles about the weakness
  of girls these days. Janet and Mary revived her and gave her a wash before
  sending her to Mr. Wilcox.  
&quot;Your turn now,&quot; Freida said to me as she indicated I should lie
  over the table, &quot;And I'm sure you are made of much tougher material.&quot;  
&quot;Even if I am,&quot; I said to myself, &quot;It is still going to hurt!&quot;  
&quot;We had better only use the straps,&quot; Freida told her husband, &quot;If
  we use the cane or birch the marks will still show when Master James gets back.&quot; That
  was a small mercy. I knew I would be just as sore at the end. Freida started
  at my shoulders and Reggie on the back of my thighs. Alternately they each
  laid on a stroke. The pain was intense and I was soon screaming and writhing
  so badly that cook had to hold my arms to keep me in place on the table. Eventually
  my entire back was covered and the lashings met at the top of my arse. By this
  time my head was numb to everything except the pain. I prayed that it was all
  over but no, &quot;Turn over,&quot; Freida ordered. I couldn't move. Freida
  and Reggie manhandled me until my welted back was on the hard wood. I started
  to feel light headed and hoped that, like Elsie, I would pass out.  
&quot;I don't think she will take much more,&quot; I vaguely heard cook mutter.
  That didn't stop them. Instead they threw water in my face which cleared my
  head a little. The strapping started again but before they could complete the
  task I finally passed out. Seemingly in a voice that came from a long way off,
  I heard cook, shout, &quot;That's enough now Mrs. Simmons.&quot;  
Tears streamed down Veronica's face as she remembered. Even if I was some
  time ago and the marks had gone, the awful pain gave her nightmares some nights.
  Becky assured her afterwards, that and the birching were the two of the worst
  thrashings she had and while there were other punishments, only one in the
  future would compare with those. It took a little while for her eyes to clear
  so she could read the text again.  
'More water splashed on my face, my head was lifted a little and a small
  goblet was held to my lips. The brandy revived me enough for them to carry
  on tormenting me. Opening my eyes, I saw all the male members of the staff
  were gathered in a half circle around me, Reggie was already between my legs
  with his pego jutting out ready to rape me. &quot;It has been some months since
  we were allowed to use your slit Rebecca,&quot; he said, &quot;Now we are going
  to make up for the lost time. You young boys,&quot; he indicated three houseboys
  no older than fourteen, &quot;Watch how we do it so that when a fine lady requires
  your services you know what to do and to do it properly.&quot; He entered me
  and fucked me hard and seemed to take a long while before he came. Usually
  I would have been pleased but being in so much pain I was glad when he finished.
  There followed a succession of footmen, gardeners and bootboys until finally
  the three young lads had their turn. By that time I just lay there like a wet
  sack. My head numb, my body senseless. Only vaguely did I hear the calls of
  encouragement from the onlookers. Both my holes had been used but my cunnie
  had taken the brunt of their attention.  
&quot;Any of you want another go?&quot; asked Freida.  
&quot;No! That's enough.&quot; Cooks sharp voice cut in. For a few moments
  I noticed there was complete silence. Only Cook would dare challenge Freida
  and it was very rare for her to do so. &quot;Mary, Janet, take her and bathe
  her.&quot; Freida must have realised she had gone too far because she allowed
  the girls to help me up. Even so I couldn't stand properly and one of the gardeners,
  Ted, a gentle man in his forties, picked me up and carried me to the bath.
  There the girls carefully washed me and applied salve but it was a long time
  before I could sit or lie without feeling any pain.'  
Fortunately for Veronica, Becky jumped forward in time at that point so that
  when she returned to her time most of the pain had gone and the bruises had
  disappeared.  
'James was furious when he returned and Reggie and Freida almost lost their
  positions at the house. Only Master Peter's intervention prevented it. This
  of course didn't enamour them to me and led to my imprisonment later.'  
The last paragraph was added after Becky had described what happened when
  James returned.  
Chapter 17. Prison   
'For some months life was very good for me&hellip;' Veronica re-read the
  text. During the four months since her thrashing at the hands of Reggie and
  Freida, she had been back to the manor with Becky many times and had learned
  a great deal about how the place was run. She'd seen some of the surrounding
  countryside when James had taken them out in the carriage and visited Leeds.
  Becky became James' mistress and rarely had to service any one else.  
Veronica's bottom too had not suffered any serious chastisement. Gloria now
  accepted Becky as part of the household, even though she couldn't see or communicate
  with her. On her return from the frequent trips back in time, Veronica now
  openly discussed what happened and Gloria proof read each instalment of the
  text for the book. Most of the spankings she gave Veronica were just warm-up
  preludes to love making. Only once did she try and thrash her in anger and
  without just cause. Veronica had gone into Leeds and was expected back for
  dinner, however, she met Sadie and they chatted over a glass of wine so she
  missed the last bus. &quot;I'll drive you back,&quot; Sadie offered, &quot;But
  I have to pick up some materials for tomorrow first.&quot; This took longer
  than expected so it was 7:30 in the evening before Veronica arrived at the
  Hall. Gloria saw them kiss before Sadie departed and assumed lovemaking had
  caused them to be so late. From her frosty reception, and Gloria's open disbelief
  of the explanation, Veronica expected trouble. It didn't come immediately.
  Gloria waited until Veronica was trapped in the shower and then went in with
  a belt wrapped around her fist. She only got two good hits in before Becky
  whisked her away. Gloria swore and dumped Veronica's lifeless form on the bed
  without even attempting to dry her. Next morning when she looked in, Veronica
  was in the same position. Normally six to eight hours was the limit to her
  absences. Now it was twelve. Gloria started to worry but remembered Veronica's
  often-repeated advice not to try and bring her back. Throughout the day, Gloria
  kept looking in to see if there was any sign of her return but it wasn't until
  nine that evening, twenty-five hours after leaving, that she returned. Gloria
  was both overjoyed and angry at the same time but didn't make any further attempt
  to punish her.  
Sitting at the computer and remembering the loving and caring relationship
  that now existed between James and Becky. James had several times expressed
  his love for Becky and wanted her at his side all the time. Veronica began
  to get an uneasy feeling it was all going too well. She was right.  
****  
&quot;WHACK!!&quot; A very loud scream pierced the solid oak door. Becky
  stood alongside another, slightly older woman. Both shivered and tears ran
  down their cheeks. They knew the girl that had stood beside them minutes earlier
  was receiving her 'welcome' and it was a painful one. They knew too, it was
  their turn next. After about half a minute, the sound of the cane or whatever
  instrument was being used came through the door again followed by the anguished
  scream of the girl.  
Veronica inside her friend's body, forewarned by Becky, knew this was to
  be a painful visit but she was promised that she would be moved forward in
  time soon after the ordeal. While she waited Veronica reflected on the events
  that led up to Becky being incarcerated in York Bridewell.  
James had asked his father's permission to marry Becky because he was only
  twenty years old and therefore still a minor. Peter had point blank refused
  and told James bluntly that there would never be any hope of his marrying the
  girl, even when he became of age. He had no objection to her being kept as
  a mistress but she would never become his wife. A month or so later, Peter
  decided to send James to oversee the selling of some property in France. &quot;It
  will only be for six weeks or so,&quot; he told James, &quot;And you might
  find some young lady over there more suited the position of wife of your household.&quot; Although
  he tried hard to get out of it and then to take Becky with him, Peter was adamant
  and James left alone.  
A day later a constable came and took Becky to Leeds where she was arrayed
  before Judge Dickinson on a charge of theft. There was no hearing. Becky wasn't
  given any chance to speak before she was sentenced to six years in York Bridewell.
  Money had obviously passed between Peter and the Judge. She'd arrived yesterday
  and was now very nervously awaiting the official welcome.  
&quot;That's ten,&quot; Becky whispered to the girl alongside her.  
&quot;Silence!&quot; shouted the taller of the two guards that flanked them.  
&quot;Fifteen,&quot; she mentally counted before the beating seemed to stop.
  Sounds of movement came from the room but it was another ten minutes before
  the door opened and Becky was taken in. In front of her was a punishment bench
  similar to the one in the Hall cellar. Both ends of the bench were wet. The
  head end from the previous girl's crying and the other end from where she had
  pissed herself. A hooded man in black clothes stood to one side. He held a
  whip about three feet in length. Around the hall, men a women were seated.
  Becky could feel their eyes on her and knew they were waiting to see her naked
  and to receive her thrashing. They gave her a minute to take in the scene and
  to let the terror of it get to her mind, then turned her to face a man she
  knew to be the governor.  
&quot;Rebecca Morton, you have been sentenced to six years in this Bridewell
  for stealing jewelry from your employers house. In order that you fully realise
  that we do not condone stealing or any sort of misbehavior in this establishment,
  you will be given the standard welcome of fifteen strokes of the bull's pizzle,&quot; the
  governor stated pompously. Becky knew the bull's pizzle was made from the bull's
  prick stretched and tanned until it made a painful whip. It was a whip often
  used to abuse women in prison because it was not only painful, it carried the
  man domination connotation. &quot;Remove your shift.&quot; The governor ordered.
  Becky removed it and stood naked except for her shoes in front of the audience.
  There were cries of appreciation. Unlike the other two girls that arrived with
  her, she was plump and well fed.  
&quot;Her fat arse will take the whip well. Lay it on good Mr. Whipper,&quot; shouted
  one of the women in the audience.  
&quot;Cruel bitch,&quot; Becky said to herself as she was laid on the bench
  and strapped down. &quot;It's a pity she couldn't be in my place. I did nothing
  wrong.&quot; Her sobbing increased and her tears swelled the pool at her head.  
&quot;WHACK!&quot; Becky heard it descend and moments later her arse exploded
  in pain. She knew she'd been cut in two. Her hoarse scream rebounded around
  the hall to the accompaniment of clapping from the onlookers. The wait seemed
  interminable but from her time listening to her predecessor, she knew it was
  only for a count of thirty. The second line of fiery pain crossed her bum.
  Again she screamed and struggled but her bonds held fast. Veronica, inside
  Becky's mind, screamed too, but likewise she could do nothing to relieve the
  pain.  
&quot;My God, this is barbaric,&quot; she yelled but Becky hardly heard her.  
After the tenth stroke the pain became so fierce Becky almost fainted and
  the last five had little further effect except to cover a wider area of her
  buttocks, an area that would take a long while to heal and would be remembered
  for years to come. Eventually her bonds were released but Becky couldn't stand
  without help. Two guards lifted her and gave her a few moments to compose herself. &quot;At
  least I didn't piss myself,&quot; Becky muttered. She tentatively felt her
  arse. There were deep ridges. Huge painful welts. She expected to find blood
  dripping down her legs but there was none. She felt relieved for small mercies.  
The two guards led her around the audience so they could see the extent of
  her thrashing. One woman reached out and touched her but the guard rebuked
  the woman. They could look but not touch. They came to the governor's chair
  and the woman alongside him announced, &quot;I will have that one in my workshop,
  Rube.&quot; The governor just nodded agreement to his wife. &quot;Take her
  to my room,&quot; she ordered the guards. They were disappointed. Had she been
  taken to the cells, they could have fucked her without any problem. It wasn't
  often such a fine looking woman came into the Bridewell.  
Hobbling and half carried by the guards, Becky was taken along what seemed
  like miles of passageways and up several flights of stone steps. Eventually
  they arrived at a door with a small shutter set at eye level. The door was
  typical of many prisons. Vaguely through the tears and sobs that still wracked
  her body, Becky heard one guard knock on the door, the shutter open and a woman's
  voice questioning the guard.  
&quot;Mrs. Pearson said to bring her here Ma'am,&quot; the guard answered.  
&quot;You'd better bring her in then.&quot; Becky heard the door being unlocked.
  To her surprise the room was large and well lit. Sitting close to the windows
  were six young girls who, on Becky's arrival, stopped their sewing and stared
  sympathetically at her. They'd all had the same treatment. The woman took her
  hand. &quot;Come on in girl. Let's get that shift off and see what you're like.&quot; Celia
  helped remove Becky's shift. Once again she was naked except for her socks
  and shoes and led her to a day bed. &quot;I'm Celia, Edna Pearson's sister
  and I help her run this place. She'll be here when all the welcomes are finished.
  Were there many more after you?&quot;  
&quot;Only one Ma'am,&quot; Becky stuttered.  
&quot;And your name is?&quot;  
&quot;Rebecca Ma'am, Rebecca Morton.&quot;  
&quot;And do they shorten Rebecca to Becky?&quot;  
&quot;The Masters didn't but everyone else does.&quot;  
&quot;Dry your eyes then and stand up so we can have a good look at you.&quot; Celia
  handed Becky a handkerchief. &quot;Nice plump body. We'll enjoy playing with
  that. I hope you won't object to a little girl fun, if you know what I mean.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Ma'am, I know. I learned it when I first went to the Hall. I won't
  object Ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Good. Now let's see what we can do to ease the pain in your bottom
  a little. Lay over the bed.&quot; One of the girls had already brought a bowl
  of water and some cloths and these she draped over Becky's arse. The cool water
  helped to ease the fire and swelling a little. Celia spread Becky's legs more
  than was necessary and her finger found its way inside her cunt. Not having
  the will to protest and rightly guessing, it was a sort of privilege to be
  in this workshop, Becky lay quietly and allowed the woman free access to her
  body.  
When Celia moved away to get some cream, the girl whispered to Becky, &quot;Let
  them do what they want with you. It doesn't hurt and being here is far better
  than in the main Bridewell.&quot; With those words the girl went back to her
  chair and picked up her sewing.  
Edna came in soon after looking flushed and hastened over to where Becky
  lay still crying. Celia had finished putting cream on but as yet it hadn't
  relieved the pain much. &quot;You picked a nice looking one this time Edna
  and from the way my fingers slide inside her, she's going to be a willing one
  too.&quot;  
&quot;I'm not surprised Celia, she comes from Bledgemoor Hall and you know
  what Kathryn Pontiford told us about the goings on there,&quot; Edna replied
  and then turning to Becky asked, &quot;Do you know Kathryn?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Ma'am,&quot; Becky answered through her tears and then added, &quot;I
  was put into bed with her and Master Peter on my first night there.&quot;  
&quot;Good, then you'll know what we'll require of you. First though, those
  welts will have to heal a bit.&quot;  
*****  
&quot;You and Becky had quite a thrashing that time but the welts are gone
  now,&quot; Gloria remarked when Veronica came back to her time, &quot;She must
  have jumped forward soon after the cream was put on.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, and do you know the whip was made from the prick of a bull? It
  hurt real bad I can tell you.&quot;  
Becky took Veronica back to the Bridewell on a number of occasions and experienced
  many aspects of the life there including the lesbianism of the two sisters
  and the prick of the governor. And then one day Becky said, &quot;Ronnie, this
  may be the last time I will take you back. It's nearly the end of my life.
  I've told you how I came to the hall for the last time and collapsed on the
  doorstep before Reggie had me put in that old chest in the cart house.&quot; Veronica
  had tears in her eyes when she nodded, &quot;Yes.&quot; &quot;But I haven't
  told you how I escaped from the Bridewell and made my way back to the Hall.
  I'll take you and you can see how I got away but I'll return you here before
  I get too far on the road otherwise I might not be in a fit state to do so.
  I don't know what would happen if I can't do that. I don't know if when I die
  a second time it is permanent or whether I can still return in spirit form.
  If you are inside me, then you might die too. It's too much of a risk.&quot;  
&quot;Then don't take me back to that time. Choose other times we've not
  been to. I don't want to lose you Becky.&quot; Veronica pleaded but Becky was
  adamant that Veronica had to know the whole story.  
&quot;Girls,&quot; Rube Pearson called for silence in the workroom. &quot;Girls,
  tonight we are entertaining the Mayor of York and a number of other dignitaries
  for a pre Christmas party. I will need you to help with serving the food and
  drink and I hope you will give the gentlemen and ladies present any little
  pleasures they may require.&quot;  
&quot;He means we have to let them fuck us,&quot; whispered Jenny.  
The party had been in full swing for two hours when an elderly man took Becky
  to one side. &quot;Come with me Rebecca,&quot; he requested and led her from
  the room to a courtyard and then to a small side room that was nicely furnished.
  Becky knew some of the senior staff lived on the premises. &quot;I'm Jacob.
  The Pearson sisters don't usually allow us access to their girls so this is
  a treat for me.&quot; Becky could tell from his slurred speech, Jacob had already
  had plenty to drink. She decided to keep herself sober in case there was a
  chance that she could get away. Master James should be at the Hall now. It
  had been eight months since her 'welcome' and Jacob's quarters were very close
  to the main entrance.  
It wasn't much of a fuck. Jacob barely got an erection before he spurted
  his seed into her and lay down. Becky plied him with a large glass of gin,
  which he drank, and then started snoring. She went outside. It was cold and
  the thin revealing dress she was given for the party did nothing much to keep
  out the biting wind.  
&quot;Come in here, it's warmer,&quot; one of the gatehouse guards shouted.  
&quot;And we can warm you a bit too,&quot; called the other. Becky went into
  there little room and sat by a cheery coal fire.  

The guards offered her some ale, which she accepted and then asked, &quot;Wouldn't
  you like something stronger? I know where there's some good gin.&quot; Becky
  smiled impishly at the men. &quot;Jacob's got nearly a full bottle. He's well
  asleep and will never know.&quot; To the men, this seemed a good prank and
  soon started filling their tankards with it.&quot;  
&quot;Bet he got his cock in yer.&quot; One commented.  
&quot;Not for long. Went off too fast.&quot;  
&quot;Well we can take care of yer needs,&quot; the one she heard called
  Bryn answered as he pulled out his weapon and showed it to her. Soon Becky
  was on her back over the guardhouse table and the prick was pumping into her.
  It was a better fuck than Jacob's was but it didn't produce any excitement.
  Her mind was elsewhere. Twice each of the guards took her before the gin took
  effect and they dozed at the table. A carriage came and halted at the door
  and Becky had to rouse a guard to unlock the gate. It was taking one of the
  dignitary's to his home.  
&quot;I'd better get back to Jacob's room,&quot; Becky told the sleepy men.
  Instead of returning, she stood in the shadows by the waiting carriages. A
  man in his late twenties she'd seen at the party came out and seeing her asked, &quot;You're
  a pretty lass. Has someone forgotten to take you home?&quot;  
&quot;Indeed Sir, that is the case.&quot; Becky mimicked the voice of the
  aristocratic ladies she met at the Hall and elsewhere. &quot;Perhaps you would
  care to give me a ride?&quot;  
&quot;I'll certain ride you young lady.&quot; Becky accepted and was taken
  to the White Horse Inn on the outskirts of the town. In bed, she learned the
  man was married but could easily spend an hour or two in her company but he
  would have to leave well before dawn and return to his unsuspecting wife.  
&quot;What a stroke of luck!&quot; thought Becky when the man gave her a
  final kiss and left. Half an hour later she was on the road heading towards
  Leeds but not on the main road.  
*****  
&quot;Don't go back again Becky. Please!&quot; Veronica had spent an hour
  trying to persuade Becky not to finish her journey back to the Hall. &quot;You
  might not come back again and I will have lost you for all time.&quot; Gloria
  held the distraught girl talking to her unseen friend.  
It's something I feel I have to do Ronnie. I've told my story now. It may
  be that I will still be in limbo afterwards but it could also happen that I
  will really die. If that happens, please see I get a proper burial, perhaps
  in the tomb alongside James. Do that for me Ronnie please. I shall miss you
  too Ronnie but I will be at rest at last.&quot;  
&quot;Take me with you Becky. Life will not be worth living without you.&quot;  
&quot;No, Veronica, you're not going to lose your life at such a young age,&quot; Gloria
  interrupted although she could only hear one half of the conversation. &quot;Go
  Becky please, while I hold her. May you rest in eternal peace.&quot;  
&quot;Ronnie I must go. It's something I have to do.&quot; Veronica knew
  tears were streaming down Becky face as she retreated toward the other side
  of the room. &quot;Please make sure everyone knows about my life and bury me
  near James so we will be together at last.&quot;  
&quot;No Becky! Don't go!&quot; Veronica screamed and struggled but Gloria
  held her fast as Becky voice faded.  
A week later when Becky had still not made an appearance, Veronica had to
  admit she wasn't coming back. For the last two days she'd spent most of the
  time in the old carriage shed near the box that held Becky's remains but there
  had been no movement; no sightings of her.  
&quot;What do we do now Gloria?&quot; she asked, &quot;Can we just bury her?
  Or have we got to inform the police and stuff?&quot; Gloria decided the police
  and coroner had to be informed. Forensics examined the remains and came to
  the conclusion the bones were of a young female who died between a 150 and
  200 hundred years ago. Veronica and Gloria kept the knowledge of who she actually
  was to themselves. The public didn't need to know although there was much speculation
  in the local press as to how and why her bones came to be in an old box. Finally
  they were granted permission to bury the remains in the graveyard in the grounds
  of the Hall. At last she was near her beloved James.  
Two months later, Gloria persuaded her companion to finish her book. &quot;You
  owe it to Becky's memory Veronica. You promised her.&quot; Going through the
  text was a painful experience. It brought all the experiences back to life.
  Once again she felt herself in the young girl's body, reliving the good life
  as well as all the very painful times they'd had together. Finally, &quot;Becky,
  the life of a housemaid&quot; was printed and published. One critic wrote, &quot;The
  wealth of detail in this remarkable historical account makes one feel the writer,
  young though she is, has personal experience of life in those times.&quot; If
  only he knew!  
Finis.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





