BDSM Library - Cruising The Slums




Cruising The Slums
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A desperate prostitute is taken advantage of by a wealthy business man in very sick ways.
Cruising The Slums (Mf/bdsm/prostitute/anal/scat/Mdom)

by North Wind



    Jake Mathers was a sick man.  Sick in the head that is.  The demented
product of an upper class upbringing that saw a few small yet distinct
moments in his early childhood that turned him this way, he was now in his
mid 40's and very perverted.

    It wasn't just the fact that he lusted after teenage girls.  It was the
fact of how he liked to use them.  Jake Mathers liked to degrade them and
treat them like objects in addition to a host of other filthy and twisted
things.  As sick as he was, he had a wealth of experience in getting what
he wanted.  He knew that in order to perform these types of sick fantasies,
he had to search outside the realm of the protected environment under which
he was raised.  Wealthy people tended to have plenty of resources and
education.  The same could be said for the middle class.  However, the
place that constantly yielded the best results for his perverse searches
lay in the poorer areas of inner cities and rural neighborhoods.  These
were the areas where violent crime, drugs, and prostitution were rampant
and the local police barely had any foot hold whatsoever.  They were stuck
trying to keep up with the major crimes like murder and drug dealing.

    Jake was not interested in the first two problems.  He was interested in
the third which attracted the least amount of attention - prostitution. 
This was the answer to all of his perverse prayers.  Jake understood these
kinds of women.  He knew what led them to sell their bodies.  Usually it
started within these same poor neighborhoods.  The women were the product
of divorced parents, step fathers, and sexual abuse.  This in turn, led to
a life of yearning to be accepted due to feelings of low self esteem.  Few
girls raised under these conditions ever found a way out.  Instead, they
turned to screwing the first boy that made them laugh, perhaps trying drugs
in order to be "one of the crowd," and ignoring what little education they
recieved from the poorly funded schools to avoid such addicting traps. 
Most of these girls dropped out of school at a very young age learning very
little about life and the many traps that awaited them in the outside
world. As their drug additions grew, their ambitions began to diminish. 
Soon, they had reduced themselves to nothing but mindless sex objects
searching for their next fix.

    Jake had seen it all before.  One such case involved the girl he was
searching for now as he cruised the main street of a poor inner city
setting.  Her name was Tina and she had long blonde hair that hung down
halfway past her shoulders.  She was slender and had beautiful budding
breasts.  When he first picked her up five years ago, she was 17 and had
barely begun her cocain habit.  She still possessed a mind of her own for
the most part, and only relented to selling herself as a last resort to
obtain her fix on a "bad day" when nothing else materialized in the form of
money from her mother or her friends.  He remembered the day vividly.  He
had picked her up off the corner and politely introduced himself to her -
hiding the hideous interior of his mind at first.  When she seemed to
relax, he offered her $75.00 to let him fuck her up the ass.  She
immediately became angry and scolded him for being "A SICK PERV!" and
bolted out of his car at the first stop.

    For several years, Jake had approached her time and again when he saw
her walking the street.  Each time he propositioned her, she gave him a
dirty look of utter disgust and distain and kept walking.  But Jake was
persistant and very observant of this snotty little fuck toy.  Sure enough,
as time passed, Tina's appearence began to change.  Her clothes began to
look more and more unclean.  She seemed to become more "dirtier" in
appearence, and needle marks were beginning to form in exposed places on
her arms.  It was clear to Jake that she had become more heavily addicted
to drugs.  After a little more time, he decided to proposition her again.
Surely her snotty attitude would give way to her "addictive needs." It was
just a matter of time.  She had disappeared for a few months - probably in
jail for prostitution, then she resurfaced once again.

    As Jake remembered it, it was a Friday evening years later.  He had
avoided going home from work as a daytime computer analyist and went to the
poor section of the city to scout out women with drug addiction.  At that
point in time, he hadn't gotten with too many women, but it was then that
he sensed that targeting drug addicted girls was the first step in
achieving and fullfilling his perverse fantasies.  Tina was no exception to
this rule.  She was the perfect white trash teenybopper that Jake craved.

    Sure enough that evening, he saw her on the corner.  It was a chilly
autumn evening and the stupid cunt had her arms folded tightly around
herself to protect her thin, drug infested body from the cold.  She was
wearing nothing but a trashy looking red cutoff t-shirt and filthy short
shorts that looked like they hadn't been washed in weeks.  Her hair looked
slightly matted and freyed as if it hadn't been washed in quite a while. 
However, what convinced him to pull over and approach her once again was
her obvious desparate demeanor.  She was pacing the corner frantically
looking at the local traffic going by - hoping for someone - ANYONE to stop
and have a "date" with her.  She was much thinner than before, and it was
clear to Jake that Tina had probably lowered her standards considerably
over the past year when it came to "an acceptable date."

    Glancing to his right and his left for local police, he pulled over to
the corner where she stood nearly shivering.  She recognized him
immediately when he rolled down the window, but this time she did not turn
away in disgust or contempt.  Instead, a look of relief came over her dull,
drug hazed eyes.  She was a mess and Jake knew it.

   "Wanna get out of the cold sweetie?" he asked in a friendly yet smirk
tone - a tone which indicated confidence that he now had complete control
over the outcome of his upcoming date with this stupid cunt of a girl.

   "Sure...(sigh)...thanks!" she climbed in quickly.  "It's fucking cold
out an' all...stupid Reno...fucking asshole said he'd meet me and he just
stood me up." She lied.

    Jake knew she was lying to salvage what little was left of her
"attractive" reputation in order to earn some equal footing with him.  She
wanted him to think that she still had plenty of "clients" to choose from
and that he was just one of many she "decided" to date.

   Jake knew better.  Young Tina was still attractive, but she was now in
her early 20's and looked dirty and used.  From the looks of her
desperation on the street corner, she probably hadn't had a taker all day.

   "So Tina.  I assume you remember me." He said matter of factly.

   "Yeah...I guess." she admitted.

   "I've been watching you for some time Tina." Jake continued.  "And I
know what you're craving.  I know what you need in your stupid veins."

    Jake used the degrading word "stupid" as a test to see how low Tina had
really sunk in her desperation.  It was clearly a degrading remark that
would have sent any inexperienced prostitute out of his car the moment he
uttered it in such fashion and context.  Tina heard him call her stupid,
but she didn't get angry this time.  She just turned her head away from him
and nodded slightly in resignation.

    Jake pressed his verbal attack.  He wanted to be sure of just how
desperate Tina had now become.

   "You don't mind if I degrade you Tina?  After all, you've been very rude
to me ever since we've met." Jake smiled planting a firm hand on her white
trash thigh.

    Tina was silent.  She knew she was beaten.  No one had picked her up
that day and she was now addicted to more than just cocain.  She was
addicted to crack as well.

   "No...I guess not." she stammered finally.

   "Your attitude has improved greatly Tina." He soothed in an dark voice.
"I think you'll find that your new attitude will gain you much more
popularity on the street than the snobby way you used to be wouldn't you
agree?"

   "Yes...I guess." She stated rather meekly.

   "I think you've grown up quite a bit Tina.  And I think you know what
men really want out of stupid cunt of a girl such as yourself."

    Tina blushed, but remained silent.

   "I will date you tonight Tina, but I need to know how much to want to
repay me for all the times you used to reject me in the past."

   "Y...yes i...i know..." Tina answered quietly.

   "You have such nice breasts Tina.  I hope you haven't educated yourself
these past few years.  I dislike intelligent women.  Why don't you jiggle
your boobies for me honey - show me where your brains REALLY are!"

    Tina turned to him and smiled weakly.  She wanted desperately to get
paid for a date.  Right now, Jake was her knight in shining armor - a
savior that was keeping her out of the cold and willing to pay her and help
her get more drugs.  How thoughtless she had been when she was rude to him
before.  Jake was a nice man to give her another chance, and she wanted
desperately to please him.  Hopefully, if she was good enough for him, he
would make her his "steady date" on the street.

    Tina's old feelings of hatred and distain for this sick man melted away
in the brief haze of drugs that had now clouded her mind.

   "Good girl Tina...smile and jiggle your stupid young boobies for me
sweetheart." Jake interrupted her thoughts.

    Tina gave him her best smile as she turned toward him in his luxurious
car and raised her trashy cutoff shirt exposing an old bra that needed to
be washed and removed.  She quickly unfastened it and let it drip to her
lap.  Then she smiled again and cupped her bare breasts with her hands. 
They were very pink and quite succulant.  Her nipples were soft, round, and
encased in luscious pink arolas.

   "Your such a sweet young girl Tina." Jake openly mused as he watched her
intently - his thick cock twitching and swelling in his expensive trousers.
"You have such sweet tits.  I'll bet you have a nice soft bottom too!"

   "Ummmm....yes I do..." Tina purred as seductively as she could given the
circumstances.

   "I think you would enjoy having things stuck up your little brown bottom
wouldn't you Tina." Jake pressed on.  "Nowadays, I think you're the kind of
girl that would enjoy that - seeing as to how you have become a much more
pleasing and pleasant woman."

   "Ummmm...yes....I like having things stuck up my hole..." Tina quivered
uttering the words she thought she would never say.

   "Very nice Tina.  I think you've learned a lot about what men really
want out of a girl like you.  I'm very impressed with your obedience.  Now
I'm going to take you to a special hotel for our evening together, and I
want you to show me a good time - understand?"

   "Yes mister....I'll do anything you want - just make sure you pay me."
she stammered.

   "I will pay you.  But it will only be $40.00." Jake explained gently.

   "What???" Tina shot back - her mouth agape with sudden surprise.  "I'm
worth more than that!"

   "I hope you understand Tina, you're not the girl you used to be." Jake
shot back.  "Look at you...you're all washed up, you smell, and you need a
bath.  You're damaged goods.  You're lucky I'm offering you as much as I
am."

   "I...i guess you're right...sorry..." replied Tina lowering her head in
shame.

   "Maybe, if you're an extra special kind of slut, I'll pay you a little
more." Jake relented a bit.  "But not much more you understand?"

   "Yes...i...i understand..." Tina replied.

    She didn't know quite what he meant by 'a special kind of slut', but it
made little difference.  Her chemical dependency had reached peek levels in
her veins.  She needed a fix - soon!  She would do anything for this man -
ANYTHING.  All he had to do was ask.

    Jake drove Tina to a posh hotel on the expensive side of town.  This was
where he took all of his female victims when he wanted some fun.  The hotel
clerk knew him on a first name basis and he was always glad to service him
with the best room available.  Jake always made sure to tip the clerk
$50.00.  He also tipped the bellboy $25.00.  It was an obscene amount to
tip a hotel employee, but Jake wanted the best in service and he wanted NO
questions asked about the contents within the room - let alone the
disgusting odor that would later surface when he was finished with his
"cunt" of the evening.

    Tina was bewildered by what she saw when she entered the expensive
hotel. It was laden with the finest of furniture and lavish drapes. 
Artistic pictures lined the walls and were encased within solid gold
frames. Tina couldn't even begin to comprehend the meaning of suck
high-class art - let alone the rest of her surroundings.  Having virtually
no education, she could never appreciate such beauty.  Jake wasn't
interested in explaining it to her either.  Even if he had wanted to, it
would have been wasted on her small mind and short attention span.  Tina
was a mindless dopey kind of girl - the kind of girl that Jake preferred in
a woman.  Clearly she was only good for one thing.  Her mind was now made
of soft wet tissue - a play toy easily manipulated and coerced.  Jake knew
she was trapped by her impoverished conditions and her chemical dependency
with crack and cocaine.  She was indeed the perfect bimbo.

    He lead the willing whore out of the elevator requiring no assistance
from the bell boy this time.  He was given a key to suite 412.  A perfect
sized room for his sick desires.

   "Come in Tina dear." He said ushering her in.

    Tina entered another room filled with stupid boring pictures and other
expensive stuff she couldn't understand or appreciate.  She was anxious to
do what was asked of her.  She needed Jake's money badly.

   "Well let's begin then my sweet little cunt..." Jake began.

    Tina turned to face him - showing off her trashy red cutoff shirt and
filthy jeans.  Clearly she was the only object in the room that didn't fit
in with the high-class surroundings.

   "Get down on all fours cunt...show me how sorry you are for treating me
with disrespect all of these years."

    Tina did as she was told.  Slowly she lowered herself to the carpeted
floor and got on her hands and knees.

   "Crawl around the room stupid one." Said Jake sadistically.  "Let me see
you wiggle your ass while you're at it."

    Tina felt a bit ashamed.  She began to understand what this was leading
to - and it certainly wasn't going to be pleasant.  Jake followed closely
behind her, occasionally booting her buttocks with his shoe nudging her
forward.  Tina felt his cold dark hands reach in front of her ripped jeans
and unbutton them.  She continued to crawl around the room on all fours
blushing considerably as she did so.

    Once again she felt Jake's sadistic hands tugging at the back of her
pants - pulling them down slightly to expose part of her naked bottom as
she crawled around.  Jake followed closely behind her pressing his nose
against her white trash bottom.  It smelled like it hadn't been cleaned. 
It was clear to Jake that Tina wasn't good at wiping herself either.  The
faint smell of shameful female poop protruded from her sweet little ass. 
Tina knew she was being smelled and inspected by this rich and powerful
man. She was totally obedient toward him, wanting desperately for him to
make her his "steady" street date.

    Finally Jake told her to hold still.  Tina stopped crawling and stayed
put on all fours.  Her eyes were closed with embarrassment and shame.  She
felt Jake's large hands tug at her filthy jeans again - pulling them down
completely and exposing her soft sleazy hiney.  Jake ran his hands up and
down Tina's soft fleshy bottom.  He enjoyed the smell of her shameful white
trash posterior.  Up and down he ran his hands enjoying the soft feel of
her round ass globes.  Tine knelt her head in shame as the powerful man
continued to caress and molested her ass cheeks.  Slowly she felt them
parted as Jake wedged his dominant fingers between her smelly crack -
probing deeper and deeper until his evil digits began to probe and prod her
sweet mindless anus.  Soon she felt a finger begin to press harder and
harder against her soft smelly pooper.  Eventually, her dark crinkly hole
began to cave inward - allowing Jake's menacing finger to push inward and
invade her womanly bowels.

    Tina felt a surge of pain and she began to wince in sudden discomfort.
Her slutty bottom was now completely spread open allowing Jake a clear view
of her degrading position.  His fat finger was now immersed in her hole
almost up to the knuckle.  Her dark anal cavity felt warm and inviting to
Jake submissive and accepting.  Tina clenched her teeth as she felt the
invasive finger sink deeper into her soft round bottom.

   "This feels good to you doesn't it Tina..." Jake whispered suggestively
in her ear in a tone that clearly outlined the answer he wanted to hear.

    Tina knew what he wanted.  And, despite the pain, she was more than
willing to give it to him.

   "Y...yes...yes....i....i.  like it...." she whimpered softly.

   "Good girl Tina.  I think my finger is getting a bit lonely in there.  I
think it wants some company.  You don't mind if my finger invites some
friends inside.  I'm sure you like `tea parties' inside your sweet little
bottom don't you Tina dear..."

   "y...yes...yes....i love tea parties..." Tina replied weakly.

    With that answer, Jake now understood that she enjoyed this kind of
treatment, and so he began to worm his ring finger and pinky inside as
well. Tina's dirty brown hole began to stretch wider and expand allowing
more fingers inside to explore and have fun.  Jake smirked at the cunt in
front of him.  She was indeed a good little whore.  She enjoyed everything
he did to her.

   "Good girl sweetie....nice little fuck toy...." He murmured in her ear
as he began to wiggle his fingers around inside her warm inviting hole.

    Tina let out a soft moan - indicating that she enjoyed this kind of
activity.

   "Mmmmm.....yesssss....."

   "You love this kind of treatment don't you Tina dear...it's a really fun
game isn't it?"

   "Mmmmm....yes....games....i...love games....." she moaned softly in
reply.

   "I've got another great game I'm sure you will enjoy Tina.  It's called
`tie the knot' and you're the one getting tied.  Don't you think it will be
fun darling?"

   "Mmmmm....yes....I wanna play that kinda game...." Whispered Tina softy.

   "I'm sure you do Tina.  That's what whores really like." Said Jake as he
pulled his fingers out of her soft dirty bottom.  Gently he raised and
pressed them against his nose and smelled them - inhaling her shameful
womanly aroma.

   "Lie face down on the bed Tina.  I just have to get a few things out of
this bag I brought with me.  I'm sure you can't wait to play this game..."

    Tina obeyed like a good little cunt.  She crawled seductively to the bed
just for Jake.  She wiggled her bottom - now that she knew just how much he
enjoyed her ass and the warm welcoming hole within.

    Jake stared at her whorish body as she crawled like a beaten animal to
the bed.  Wiggling her ass as best she could to please him.  His cock grew
stiffer in his pants.  She was definitely becoming the perfect woman.

    Tina crawled onto the bed - pushing her fleshy bum outward one last time
before lying face down on the king size bed.  The blanket felt soft and
warm against her shirt and stomach.  Presently, the tying process began. 
Jake applied the necessary ropes to Tina's wrists and ankles first. 
Rendering her completely helpless.  Then he applied more rope to her knees
and arms - tying them tightly behind her and rendering them completely
useless to her.  Finally he inserted a ball gag into her mouth to shut her
up.

    Tina felt uncomfortable.  She could no longer move from the neck down.
But that wasn't all.  Jake spent nearly an hour leaving her this way while
he went into the bathroom and began attaching something to the underside of
the sink pipe.

    Tina struggled and writhed on the bed in a gentle womanly fashion.  She
wasn't trying to escape.  She knew that perhaps it would turn Jake on to
see her struggle this way.  So she wiggled seductively back and forth on
the bed in the hope that he would walk in and see her this way and be
pleased.

    Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Jake emerged from the
bathroom and briefly watched her struggle submissively on the bed.  He
smiled down at her and stroked his cock through his trousers.  What a
beautiful site.  Eventually he grew tired of this and he soon approached
the bed.  Gently - yet firmly - he rolled her over onto her back.  He
stared down at his helpless prize and smiled down at her.

   "You look so sexy this way Tina.  Lots of men would pay big money to see
you this way.  I'm sure you would agree."

    Tina nodded her head respectfully for him.

   "Now it's time to play another game.  It's called `fireman.' I'm going
to be the fireman and you're going to be the fire.  I'm going to put you
out."

    Tina didn't know exactly what he meant as he picked her up and carried
her into the bathroom, but when she caught a glimpse of the inside, the
picture became a little clearer.  What she saw beneath the sink began to
scare her.  There, on the floor protruding outward from the sink pipe was
an extended metal vise that had been meticulously clamped to and around the
shaft.  It was a creation like none other she had ever seen before. 
Indeed, Jake had built it himself for this very purpose.  The steel vise
was extended from the sink pipe by a four-foot long mettle rod that had
steel legs on either side to support it.  The contraption had obviously
been built in bits and parts because there was no way Jake could have
brought it up with him intact within his suitcase in it's full capacity. 
Never the less, there it stood on the bathroom floor.  Jake lowered Tina
down onto the bathroom tile on her back making sure to place her head close
to the vise.  Then he removed the ball gag.  The floor felt cold and
unforgiving against Tina's soft submissive skin.  It was then that the
dim-witted cunt began to realize what the vise was meant for.

   "n...no....what are ya doin'...." She asked trying to remain calm.

   "Just relax Tina." Jake said as he raised Tina's head while placing the
vise under it.  "The more you obey, the less painful this date will be for
you."

    Tina swallowed hard as her head was slowly lowered onto the menacing
metallic vise.  Jake began to turn the lever in circles slowly as he
watched her expression intently.  Soon Tina began to feel the frigid grip
of the cold metallic device against either side of her ear lobes.  It was
clear that this man not only wanted to tie her up, he didn't want her head
to move either.  Jake stopped tightening it for a second.

   "Try to move your head Tina." He commanded.

    Tina attempted to obey, but she couldn't move her head in either
direction.  Fortunately, it wasn't uncomfortable because Jake had not
tightened it too hard.  However, the vise was sufficiently tight enough to
prevent her from moving her head to either side at all.

    Satisfied that Tina couldn't move her legs, arms, or head, Jake stood up
and admired his handy work.  Tina looked so sexy in this position.  Her
arms and legs were tied submissively behind her, she had been stripped of
her jeans, and her shirt was raised completely up exposing her soft
succulent breasts with those most adorable pink areolas circling her stiff
nipples.

   "Now Tina.  I want you to show me what a special whore you are.  I know
you want to make a lot of money with me tonight don't you dear..."

   "yes...yes i...do..." replied Tina hesitantly not knowing what to
expect.

   "You see Tina." Jake continued.  "The best part of a whore is her mouth.
The only thing bad that ever comes out of a mouth like yours is words.  And
I don't like women who talk Tina."

    Tina just stared up at him submissively unable to move.

   "But your mouth as many other uses Tina." Jake continued as he withdrew
the final device he would need from his suitcase - a SPECULUM!

    Tina stared in horror as Jake knelt down next to her sweet little face
and told her to open wide.

   "n...no...i won't do it.." she whimpered in fear.

   "Now Tina.  You're a whore.  Whore's aren't supposed to talk that way.
Whore's like you are supposed to be pleasant and respectful to a man like
me - wouldn't you agree?"

   "n...no...please...i.....beg....you."

    Just as she opened her mouth to speak those words Jake quickly seized the
opportunity and shoved the speculum inside.  Tina instinctively tried to
bite down but could not.  Jake quickly ratcheted up the speculum until her
mouth was completely preyed open.

   "Now Tina.  We can do this the easy way or the hard way." Jake hissed at
her as he began to ratchet the speculum into an expanded position - forcing
Tina's mouth open wider - almost beyond it's limits and causing her severe
pain.
 
    To illustrate his point even more, Jake began to tighten the metallic
head vise further.  The cold steel on either side of Tina's dumb little
head began to creep inward - causing severe pain to her temples.  Tina
began to panic.  She couldn't talk.  How could she tell him to stop?!?

   "Ahhhhhhh!!!..!!!"" she cried out in the only way she could.

   "Yeah `Aghhhh'...you stupid cunt!" Jake growled.  "That's what I like to
hear out of a woman.  But I'll tell you what I like better - silence!"

    Jake slowly loosened the head vise to its previous position - ditto for
the speculum in Tina's wet inviting mouth.

   "I think you're beginning to understand what your mouth is meant for
sweetie...stick your tongue out if you agree."

    Tina obediently stuck her soft wet tongue out.  It looked so moist and
inviting to Jake.

   "Good little whore.  Now, are you ready to play `fireman'?"

    Tina stuck her tongue out again and flapped it invitingly.  Then she
retracted it back into her open mouth.

   "Good girl Tina.  No words, just an open invitation - that's what men
like out of a woman like you."

    Jake began removing his shirt and trousers while Tina stared helplessly
at the ceiling.  The steel began to feel warmer against her ears as her
head had begun to adjust to its temperature and vise versa.  Jake pulled
down his underwear and stepped out of it.  His cock was medium sized and
was fully stiff with anticipation.  The thick penis stared lovingly
downward at the beautiful helpless girl - her head clamped tightly within
the vice and facing completely upward - her mouth stretch wide open with
the speculum intact.

   "Ahh....agh...ah...." Tina managed.

    But soon she realized that making sounds and noises were useless.  To
Jake, it was just mindless babble and noises.  He had no interest in what a
woman had to say.  This was now very clear to Tina.  Her mouth was designed
for other uses.  The tightening of the vise had convinced her of that.  It
was amazing how quickly the vise and speculum had changed her mind.  The
more pain she had felt a few minutes earlier, the more she began to
understand what her mouth was meant for.  When the pain had reached peak
levels in that brief span of time, Tina soon began to believe in what Jake
had said about her.  When he loosened the speculum and vise, she had felt
extremely grateful to him.  He was making the pain go away - he really
cared about her.  What a fool she had been to think of him in any other
way. He was truly her savior and master - and he could do anything he
wanted with her.

    Tina felt a sigh of relief as Jake's thick penis dangled over her
worthless flesh - aiming at her helpless and submissive body.  Suddenly a
warm gush of golden liquid spurted out from the tip - splashing against her
cunt and tits.  Tina felt so good about being treated this way.  This was
truly what she was meant for - the vise had told her that!  Little rivulets
of salty urine began to splash against her face and hair - coating her
trashy features with a new "womanly perfume" designed just for her.  Tina
began to enjoy the smell.  The new perfume felt warm and wet against her
nose, eyes, and hair.

    Then the stream began to inch toward her open mouth....

   "Gaaahhh...ggg.....gahhhh!"

   "Good girl Tina...you're behaving like such a good cunt...nice and still
and obedient.  Just the way a woman should be."

    A long stream of bright golden piss gushed into Tina's waiting mouth -
coating her teeth and gums and splashing against the back of her throat and
tonsils before seeping down into her useless stomach poisoning her forever!

    Jake stared lovingly down at the perfect woman.  Her face and hair were
splattered with pretty drops of sweet wet urine.  Slowly Jake stepped over
her head and lowered his buttocks toward her beautiful face.

   "Stick your tongue out sweetheart.  Tongue my asshole." Jake soothed in
a prideful tone - prideful of how fast he had broken Tina in that evening.

    Jake lowered his sleazy bottom closer to Tina's pee soaked face and
spread his ass cheeks open with his hands.  Tina felt so proud of herself.
She was pleasing Jake.  It meant everything in the world to her - the steel
vise had convinced her of that.  Tina wanted to make Jake more proud of
her. Clearly she hadn't done enough for him.  She wanted to do more!

    Now Jake's asshole was flush against her lips.  Instinctively, Tina
slithered her tongue outward and began to dart it in simple - soft circles
around his crinkly brown anus.  Jake's dark brown opening was covered with
filthy sweaty pubic hair.  Tina moaned softly and submissively as she began
to inhale the sweet heavenly aroma of his manly bottom.  What a beautiful
smell he had - such a wonderful man.  How could she ever have been so rude
to him before?

    Tina's soft slutty lips puckered up against his hairy bottom and anus -
even though they couldn't close inward.  No.  That was what her tongue was
for!  Tina squealed a little at the thought of pleasing such a powerful
man. Her soft womanly tongue slithered in and out...up and down...all
around...

   ...(slither)....(lick)....(slither)....(lapp)....(worm)...(slither)...

   "Oooohhh yes Tina cunt!" Jake blurted out barely able to contain
himself. "That feels sooo good darling...keep licking like the sweet little
animal that you are...uncle Jake has a sweet little surprise for good
little whores like you sweetie...you like surprises don't you my sweet
little pet?  Hmm?"

   "Uhhhnnnnn....(slither)...  (slurp)..."

    Tina's tongue was hard at work pleasing Jake.  It felt so soft and moist
against his sweaty opening.  She felt so pleased with herself.  She
couldn't wait for her special reward.  She wanted to know how much she was
pleasing him.

    Tina's tongue continued to dart and slither teasing the dark brown
opening.  It was closed tightly and fast asleep despite her soft seductive
dips and dabs.  Tina continued lapping helplessly with her tongue - preying
for a miracle.  After several minutes of moist dabs, darts, and circles
around the dark crinkly hole, the small opening began to awaken.  Tina
became excited as she sensed that her tongue could go further up than
usual. Eagerly she thrust her mindless tongue into the dark, smelly hole
above her sweet pissy face.  Above her she heard a grunt coming from her
master.  Her tongue continued to push inward and upward - slithering around
the inner cavity of Jake's dark sweaty anal hole.

    Then her sweet soft tongue bumped into something bitter - yet sweet at
the same time.  It was a faint feeling at first, like something small
pressing against the tip of her moist womanly tongue.  Tina lapped more
eagerly inside the dark hole - teasing the sweet smelly object until it
grew in mass.  Gently, the object began to press more forcefully against
her slutty tongue - pushing it backward into a retreat.  Finally it had
pushed Tina's tongue completely out of the hole and was now pushing toward
TINA'S WIDE OPEN MOUTH!

    Slowly, a dark smelly glob of special chocolate candy entered Tina's
sweet adorable mouth.  Tina gushed with happiness as she began to feel and
taste the reward of her hard work.  A large, filthy brown blob of Male
Dominant shit entered her sweet mindless mouth -i entering easily and
without obstruction thanks to the speculum.  The dark mushy mass of
ugliness plopped into her open mouth - resting against the back of her
throat.  Tina choked and sputtered helplessly swallowing as best she could.
The taste was bitter and sweet at the same time.  Almost like expensive
caviar.

    Tina felt disappointed when the hole began to close.  She wanted more!
Eagerly she darted her brown stained tongue outward again - lapping
teasingly and seductively at Jake filthy dark hole.  Soon, she was rewarded
with another - much larger worm of smelly brown Male poop!

   .....*GLOP*.....*SHOOOOP*.....*PLOP*......

   "AGGGGHHHH....." Tina moaned as her mouth was now piled high with steamy
brown BM.

    Jake finally stood up and looked down at his special slut.  Her mouth
looked so sweet and pretty overflowing with smelly brown shit!  She looked
like a sweet little toilet whore - her eyes and hair all sprinkled with
golden piss.  Jake couldn't resist the urge any longer.  Quickly he knelt
down and began jacking off directly over her eyes and nose.  Suddenly,
large white globs of goopy stuff surged out of Jake's thick penis -
splattering all over Tina's sweet sexy poop stained face.  A large glob of
semen splashed against her left eyebrow.  Another splashed against sweet
little nose - making it look all cute and adorable.  Another thick glob
roped itself around her left earlobe.  Tina couldn't turn her head away
even if she wanted to.  Her head was locked completely into place by the
vise.  Submissively she just lay their gagging on shit while her face
absorbed the sweet reward of her mindless efforts.


    It was clear that Tina had lost her mind several minutes before when
Jake had tightened the vise.  Her thoughts were no longer her own.  Rather
they were the result of the severe pain that had been inflicted upon her
jaws and temples.  Clearly the tremendous pain had forced her into a
defensive dream state in which her body acted in self defense - forcing her
to think the thoughts that would enable the pain to stop.  Under normal
circumstances, those thoughts would ultimately reverse themselves (or be
relieved from the state of shock).  However, due to the influx of drugs and
chemicals that Tina had already ingested for months at a time, the recovery
never occurred.

    Tina awoke the next morning in the bathroom thinking only of Jake and
what she could do to please him.  She couldn't remember very much from the
night before - only that he had treated her to a lovely date inside this
very hotel room.  She stared lovingly at him as he washed and dressed -
wondering what that sweet smell was coming from all around her and how this
mushy brown stuff had gotten all over her.

   "Come now Tina dear.  It's time to take you back where you came from."
Jake said smiling at her.

   "But what about this brown mess all over me, what about the bathroom?"
Tine wined trying to get some sympathy.

    It was clear she didn't want him to leave her.

   "Never mind the mess Tina cunt.  Just shower up, put your jeans on and
get ready to go.  We'll let the maid take care of the bathroom." Jake said
as he ushered her into the bathtub.

    He stood by the sink and watched the stupid cunt bathe.  She seemed to
enjoy the shower.  But most importantly to Jake, Tina had learned to enjoy
all kinds of showers.  He smiled to himself as he thought of all the
desperate impoverished girls he had brought to this very same hotel over
the years.  All dope addicts, willing to do whatever it took for a simple
fix.  Tina was definitely no exception.  She was not the first, and she
certainly wouldn't be the last.





                                      THE END



Comments?  E-mail me at: northwind0003@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  North Wind


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





