BDSM Library - Darkest Desires




Darkest Desires
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Charlie has grown restless of the challenge of breaking new boy after new boy.  His eyes have been set on a young nineteen year old, who has no idea what the Sadist is planning.  Walking into Charlie's studio for a set design job, robbie has walked right into the trap.  Has robbie gotten himself into more then he can handle?Disclaimer: Strong gay BDSM themes,
    if either of these offend you please do not read any further. This is a story,
    remember in real life the importance that everything is safe, sane, and consentual.
    Please do not reproduce or republish this story without consent of the author.  
Chapter 1  
Charlie went about His studio double checking all His equipment His heart
  slightly racing within His chest. He always got nervous before the big moment,
  but Charlie's dark eyes never showed the smallest trace of anxiety or fear,
  just deep darkness. The tall well muscled Man was a photographer by trade,
  and the usual pictures could only entertain Him for so long for He was a Man
  with a dark secret with a deep desire that only those who had been His saw
  and knew. Yes, it was felt by anyone who would have met Him, the strength,
  the will, the power was indeed mighty. The boy was due any moment now.  
Charlie had done a promotional shoot at a new construction project. That
  is where He saw him first, that was when He knew He had to find a way to bring
  that boy into His world. Charlie, talented in extracting information, soon
  learned that boy's name was Robbie. A boy talented with his hands, the answer
  seemed as simple as to how to lure the boy into His world. The plan was simple,
  Charlie offered a handsome sum to the boy to come by to do some work on a new
  set design He desired for His studio, of course the poor hard working boy could
  not say no to what sounded to be a very easy job for the money.  
Robbie stood tall at the young age of 19 but wise beyond his years. His skin
  a deep golden tan from the sun, his hands rough and calloused from working
  long days, every inch of his body solid muscle from hours of construction plus
  the time he found to go to the gym. Life had forced him out of school and into
  the working field at the age of 16 but he did not mind. He loved to work with
  his hands it made him feel alive taking raw materials and making into pieces
  of work, buildings that would stand for centuries, it all thrilled him, plus
  the perk of a solid body did not hurt. Robbie took great pride in his body
  and was often showing off for any girl that would watch, which was often most.  
Charlie heard the bell on the door and went to greet Robbie quietly locking
  the door behind Him before leading Robbie back to the studio. Usually His office
  was a bustle this time of day but He had seen to it that no one would be in
  today not scheduling any shoots and giving His staff the day off, paid of course.
  They ask fewer questions as long as they get paid. Charlie coolly reminds Himself
  that flattery is the key. The pride is fierce in this one; it will be to His
  benefit He thinks to Himself.  
Robbie looked around apprehensively noticing that the office was quite empty,
  but then reminding himself it was a design job; maybe the photographer didn't
  want anyone disrupting the process of building. The displays on the walls were
  incredible; the man who had taken those photos loved what he did and it showed
  in his work. Charlie led him back to a large studio that had out a partially
  designed set, a large stone wall in the background, almost like something out
  of a medieval movie.  
"As you can see, Robbie, I already got started on the set design. This is
  a piece I've had for quite some time, very solid; I spared no expense in making
  it. It does not move at all, but this is my private studio used only for my
  most favorite of masterpieces. I want to add more pieces to add to the dungeon
  feel that I have going on here, that is where you come in," Charlie explained
  the fake job to Robbie. Then pointing to a stack of heavy beams that looked
  like they might have been from a railroad track at one time, he continues, "I
  was thinking a stockade and maybe a small wooden cage from those pieces would
  suffice for now. Do you think you can handle the job?" Charlie studied the
  boy's every expression and movement carefully.  
"Yes, sir, I think I can manage that," Robbie smiled, for one thousand dollars;
  it seemed to be almost too easy of a job to be true. The tools were also out
  that he would need and he went to work in building what the photographer had
  roughly drawn out on paper not noticing that as he was building that Charlie
  Himself was busy bringing out new props to the scene such as securing heavy
  chains to the stone wall, as well as some various whips and floggers.  
Robbie took off his shirt as he started to sweat hammering together the small
  cage after having finished sawing out the stockade and piecing it together.
  He had never built such things before, but found it was second nature to him,
  how he loved to work with wood. Charlie admired the boy's body, plotting His
  next move, urging His desires to be patient.  
&quot;Well, Robbie, I must admit I'm eager to see shots from this set design,&quot; Charlie
  started out as Robbie was finishing up the cage. "For another five thousand
  dollars, perhaps I could hire you for a second purpose as my model for the
  masterpiece I wish to bring to life here."  
&quot;Uh well yes Sir, I have never modeled before but I'd be willing to
  try,&quot; Robbie shuffled a bit nervous and yet pleased that he could be considered
  for a modeling job.  
&quot;I'm willing to take that chance, Robbie, sometimes one finds new talent
  and you definitely have that look I want for these shots, know now though it
  is a serious shoot and I will expect full cooperation.&quot; Robbie looked
  around at the dark scene a stone wall back piece complete with heavy chains
  and instruments of torture, but nodded in agreement with the photographer,
  five thousand dollars was a lot of money, still, Robbie started to grow nervous
  as to what kind of shoot he had signed up for.  
Charlie pointed to a room just off the studio, &quot;You'll find your costume
  in there. There is also some oil please oil up well. I want a shiny look for
  the photos.&quot; Robbie nodded nervously but went off into the room.  
Robbie looked at the outfits, a variety of sizes of tight leather slacks
  and a leather harness was in the room, he went through them carefully finding
  just the right fit. The leather snug against his tight muscles his cock clearly
  outlined, he had to admit even if leather wasn't his usual thing; he looked
  extremely hot in it. He really was curious now as to what kind of photo shoot
  this was going to be.  
He walked back out into the studio where Charlie anxiously awaited. Charlie
  couldn't help but think to Himself what a perfect boy He had found this time
  and tried not to reveal His scheme to the hot lad. He directed Robbie to the
  wall first locking his wrists securely into the cuffs attached to the chains,
  He could see the question in Robbie's eyes but he said nothing.  
&quot;I'm afraid I'm going to need to redden your chest a bit for the picture
  I'm going for, Robbie. It will sting, but I think you'll be surprised what
  a pleasant sting it can be.&quot; The alarms in the back of Robbie's head started
  to sound but he only nodded really wanting the money this guy was offering,
  how bad could a light flogging be?  
Charlie grinned and again tried to not show His hand as He went to His small
  chest and pulled out a leather flogger. Before starting He opted to secure
  the boy's ankles just in case a struggle was to ensue. With the flogger in
  hand, Charlie showed little mercy bringing it down repeatedly in hard blows
  over the boy's chest until tears rolled from the young man asking for Him to
  stop already, but He did not stop till the skin was a deep crimson standing
  back admiring it.  
&quot;Yes, good Robbie, just the look I want, such a wonderful glow your
  skin has,&quot; Charlie smiled as He snapped pictures from many angles of the
  boy's hot body. This one would be easy He thought to have broken so early and
  to ask for it to stop but the will was still strong He must tread carefully.  
Robbie stood stunned in the fire in his chest, the flogging had been a bit
  more then he bargained for he fought back his tears embarrassed to have cried
  like over it. He just kept telling himself he needed the money, and for a reason
  he didn't understand his cock was hard and throbbing wanting relief of the
  tight leather.  
&quot;You are doing splendid, boy. I have another... add on... to your outfit
  for these next shots, don't worry, it won't be that bad.&quot; Charlie winked
  at the so far compliant boy, He had expected more of a struggle, but money
  does make people go beyond what is their normal. He took two adjustable nipple
  clamps and carefully clamped them on to the hard nipples. He was careful not
  to go too tight knowing this was most likely the boy's first time, it took
  all Charlie had to not bite and pull on the delicious looking nipples.  
He snapped the flogger harshly over the clamped nipples quickly and swiftly
  bringing the color back to bright life on the flesh before capturing more shots
  of the boy. Charlie couldn't help but notice the rock hard bulge now in Robbie's
  pants, excellent, the boy enjoys this treatment He thought to Himself.  
The flash of the camera rapid, Charlie's passion for the boy was now raging
  inside. His loose pants hiding His own excitement in the action going now as
  went to light the candles to prepare for the... wax... shots. Again a look
  of doubt but he said nothing and seeming to understand only nodded. Charlie
  dripped the hot wax expertly over the chest watching in great pleasure watching
  the muscles tense and rippling as the chains were being pulled on, the low
  groans from Robbie's clenched lips.  
Charlie leaned in close to Robbie and whispered into his ear, &quot;I lied,
  boy, there was never a shoot, just a great desire for you,&quot; pulling hard
  on the nipple clamps, &quot;Any objection, any struggle will only increase
  my thirst and drive me harder, I'm going to have you.&quot;  
Robbie not believing the words himself as he quietly breathlessly pleads, &quot;Please,
  Sir, take me.&quot; His chest pulsing in pain his cock throbbing in lust, his
  mind was so confused but he yearned for relief.  
&quot;All in good time, boy,&quot; Charlie taunts sinking His teeth into
  the boy's shoulder drawing blood tasting it. He undoes the ankles long enough
  to free the boy of his pants then re-chains them to the wall.  
Ah, such a lovely cock the boy has Charlie thinks. Long and thick already
  drizzling precum with a set of low hung balls, it was more magnificent then
  Charlie could have hoped for. Charlie was a bit surprised to see the boy had
  shaved this region but a good surprise; He quickly took the flogger and began
  His assault on the groin and thighs the boy unable to hold in his howling screams
  any longer driving Charlie to bring it down harder and harder, angry welts
  forming all over the flesh.  
Charlie went behind a curtain in the studio and pulled out a padded riding
  horse and moved Robbie from the wall bending him over the horse binding his
  wrists and ankle to the four legs. His ass wide open and vulnerable to Charlie
  as Charlie picks up His leather flogger wasting no time as He started to wail
  on the flesh. The heavy thwacks echoing about the room followed by the boy's
  agonizing cries, such sweet music to Charlie's ears as He snaps the leather
  down harder and harder watching as the flesh pulses turning a dark crimson.  
Robbie's muscles were tensing, his body sweating, his cock dripping precum
  onto the floor. The most intense sensation he had ever known so much pain and
  yet so turned on wanting the photographer to just take him already wanting
  so badly to be cum. His cock painfully throbbed against the padded sawhorse.  
Charlie's shirt now soaked in His sweat unable to stop the assault on the
  boy until His arm was exhausted the flesh a deep dark crimson pulsing welts
  upon welts driving Charlie out of His mind in lust. Stepping up to Robbie He
  undoes His pants and lets His large shaft loose rock hard throbbing taking
  no mercy as He slams it and buries into the tight ass the screams of Robbie
  only making Him thrust deeper and harder. His cock covered in blood but He
  does not care continues to slam away gripping the boy hard so lost in lust
  when finally He cums the sensation rippling through His body falling over the
  boy's body so intense so wonderful ah YES! YES! YES! boy take my cum His mind
  screams.  
Robbie cums instantly with Charlie his body screaming in horror of the pain
  finally shattering in the most intense pleasure he had ever known shooting
  again and again his howls now long screams of amazing pleasure.  
Both men laid there restless for many moments recovering their hearts racing
  each gasping for their breath. At last Charlie stood up and pulled out and
  released the boy from the horse. He forced the boy to his knees handing him
  a beeper.  
&quot;When this beeps you will drop whatever you are doing and go to the
  back of the studio and will wait there for Me on your knees boy, you do not
  want to make Me look for you. Clean up my studio then get the fuck out of here.&quot; With
  that Charlie walked back to His private office to shower and clean up pleased
  with yet another new toy to His collection.  
Robbie stayed on the floor in shock for moments then quickly cleaned up and
  got out of there wondering if he would come back when the beeper went off,
  or worst yet did he dare not to come?  
Disclaimer: Strong gay BDSM themes,
    if either of these offend you please do not read any further. This is a story,
    remember in real life the importance that everything is safe, sane, and consensual.
    Please do not reproduce or republish this story without consent of the author.  
Chapter 2  
It had been six weeks and Robbie's beeper still had not gone off. He started
  to relax. Maybe the man had only given him the beeper to scare him. But when
  he was really honest with himself, Robbie was disappointed that Charlie had
  not called for him. No, he wasn't gay, he was sure, but still the brilliant
  mix... the way that leather wailed across the flesh the way his whole body
  exploded when he climaxed, that was enough to turn any straight guy to a maybe.
  It took a week before the welts finally slowly started to fade away and he
  had felt sad seeing them disappear.  
It was two a.m. that night when the beeper went off stirring Robbie from
  his sleep. Groggy it took him a few moments to process what was making the
  irritating noise. His heart stopped as he picked up the beeper almost frozen
  in time. What did he do? He remembered Charlie's warning about not wanting
  to make Him come looking for Robbie believing the Man's words to this day.
  Scrambling, Robbie threw on a pair of jeans and ran out the door jumped onto
  his bike and raced down the streets in the cool night air with the wind against
  his bare chest, the petals of his bike digging into the bare soles of his feet.  
The business district was dead quiet this time of night as he finally arrived
  20 minutes later his body sweating his hands shaking consumed with dread and
  excitement. He locked his bike to a nearby pole and scrambled to the back door
  of the stranger's studio and dropped to his knees; his heart racing wildly
  now more out of nerves. What was he thinking? Why had he come back? What would
  the Man do to him tonight? He felt his cock stir just thinking of the possibility
  of maybe being fucked again, then shaking his head, no; he didn't want to be
  fucked again. Did he? Robbie was confused as to what was going on. If nothing
  else, the fear had brought him here he told himself. It was come, or perhaps
  have this mad man kill him.  
Charlie looked at His watch seeing the young man arrive 27 minutes since
  He beeped. He made a note to Himself on a small post it scrawling &quot;Cane
  - 27&quot; down. He liked to keep track of His punishment counts. They let
  Him remember for future offenses. He fixed Himself a strong cup of coffee sipping
  on it letting another 27 minutes pass leaving the boy outside shivering on
  his knees. He would learn quickly as Charlie's other boys had, that there is
  no time to waste when that beeper goes off. There are serious consequences
  in making Charlie wait.  
Charlie casually flipped through His scrapbook of boys. The dark portraits
  that He kept locked in His safe whenever He was not looking at them. Smiling
  as He recalled James. James had been His first. It had been sloppy; perhaps,
  Charlie wasn't prepared for what happened. It was a legit shoot in the woods
  originally, James had been modeling since he was fourteen years old, very talented
  young man, Charlie recalled. Something in Charlie wanted that boy who had grown
  into a fine young man, so polished and chiseled at 24. Due to the remote location,
  He had not brought any of His crew with Him. James had put up quite the struggle,
  but oh how the screams just drove Charlie on and on. Charlie ran a finger over
  the picture of James tied to a tree with his own clothes, his body bruised
  and bleeding. It gave Charlie chills remembering. Like the others, in their
  own shame, James had never told.  
 Locking away the collection of portraits, He prepared Himself mentally for
  what was to come. Charlie put down His coffee and picking up His long thin
  rattan cane headed towards the back door where the boy was still waiting. Charlie
  was dressed in a white dress shirt with an open leather vest, and a tight pair
  of leather pants pulled tightly over His black boots. An intimidating force
  as He walked out the door where the boy shaking already knelt. He spared no
  words, but stepped down hard on the boy's upper back just between the shoulders
  forcing his face hard into the ground. Bending down Charlie forced the boy's
  pants off Robbie's ass exposing it to the night air. Charlie held His breath
  for a moment, taken again with how lovely Robbie's bum was. It's too bad the
  cane will leave such ugly marks, He thought to Himself. Charlie's heart was
  beating hard in His chest, already seeing the marks to come. Brushing His hand
  against His cock through the leather, His excitement was escalating.  
He stepped down firmly on the boy's back to hold him down as He brought the
  cane high in the air, saying nothing as it cut into the right butt cheek. The
  body under Him jerked but the struggle was minimal. Charlie's cock jumped with
  the body, the sound of the cane against the boy's flesh, the surprised cry
  of the boy. Charlie lifted the cane again landing a harder blow at the very
  center of the cheek, the screaming driving him on. Pushing His boot harder
  into the boy's back, landing five rapid blows making five ugly cuts blood slowly
  oozing from them across the bum. One after another the cane assaulted Robbie's
  ass. Robbie's agonizing screams filling the night air. The more he begged,
  the harder it drove Charlie purely in His element. Charlie never spoke a word,
  letting the cane do His screaming of displeasure for Him.  
As the last blow fell, Charlie stepped off Robbie's back using His boot to
  kick the boy over to his back. Charlie put His boot in the center of the chest
  looking down at Robbie with His dark eyes placing the tip of the cane at the
  boy's lips. &quot;Kiss My cane, boy, and thank Me for correcting your tardiness,&quot; came
  the cold chilling words from Charlie's mouth.  
Robbie did not hesitate a moment as he kissed the tip of the cane not wanting
  another dose of its evil. Still sobbing as he said, &quot;Thank You, Sir, for
  correcting me.&quot; Robbie's body trembled as his ass burned in horrific pain
  from the cane.  
Charlie smirked down at the boy. Perhaps He had been wrong. Perhaps this
  boy was easily broken. Leaning down He finished removing the boy's pants and
  tossed them in the nearby dumpster. Reaching into His pocket, He pulled out
  a small bag containing a very thin chain with jagged edges that would bite
  into the flesh if pulled. He locked it around the boy's neck and then attached
  a leash to it. Words weren't necessary the boy would follow or suffer as He
  headed back inside.  
Robbie followed in stunned silence. His ass screaming in agony as the blood
  trickled down his legs. He walked quickly to keep up with Charlie and to keep
  the edges of the chain from chewing into his neck. This man was a pro at this
  and Robbie had walked right into his trap. Deep down, Robbie had no doubt in
  his mind that he'd regret trying to stop Charlie. It was scary how the man's
  eyes could dance and how cold they seemed now. But the thing that had Robbie
  baffled was his own enjoyment in this mad man's cruel treatment. The traitor
  was again standing rigid throbbing from the caning.  
Charlie led the boy back into His office, hit a button and waited as a large
  portrait showcase of some work He had done years ago slid to the side. It revealed
  a stone stair way cleverly hidden away. He yanked the leash hard towards the
  door. Taking the hint, Robbie went ahead of Charlie into the doorway. After
  both were inside, the portrait moved back and left the two in darkness as Charlie
  shoved Robbie forward. When Robbie fell down, he was not given a chance to
  get back up but rather Charlie just kept kicking the sore ass forward and down.
  The howls echoing off the stone until at last the stairs opened up into a dungeon.  
Charlie removed the leash from the chain around Robbie's neck and attached
  just a small leather strap hand hold to pull on the chain if He needed to.
  Charlie had always used His toys until He tired of them and had never kept
  one longer then a few months, but there was something different about this
  boy. He was getting to old for this game and whether Robbie knew it or not,
  He owned him. As much freedom as that boy thought he had, he would never know
  freedom again.  
Robbie could have died seeing the dungeon. Looking around in horror at all
  the sources of torture, he could not even begin to imagine what some of their
  purposes might be. In the center of the room was a large heavy wooden table.
  On the walls hung numerous whips, paddles, and floggers, Robbie's body hurt
  just looking at some of them. In one corner was a large wooden barrel full
  of canes like the one he had just been beaten with. The cage and stock he had
  built was also present in the room. There was a heavy iron door off to the
  right side off the room as well&hellip; Robbie was sure he did not want to
  know what was behind that door. The room also had large cabinets hiding what
  he was sure to be more instruments of torture. Charlie allowed the boy to take
  the room in for the moment.  
&quot;Lay on your back on that table,&quot; Charlie pointed to a wooden table
  in the middle of the room. Robbie, with his heart pounding hard against his
  chest, ran to the table and obeyed the Man having a feeling that disobeying
  would result in something far worst then what was already being schemed in
  the photographer's mind. The table had a rough surface with little wooden splinters
  digging into the flesh with heavy leathers straps bolted down to the table.  
Charlie grabbed the boy's left arm and using the heavy leather straps secured
  his arm down then proceeded to do the same to each limb until Robbie was helplessly
  bound spread eagle on the table. Charlie got up on the table and sitting on
  the boy's stomach leaned down and kissed Robbie's lips tasting them and exploring
  the boy's mouth, his lips so soft for such a hard body. Robbie didn't return
  the kiss but he didn't fight it either. In time, Charlie told Himself, the
  boy will be begging for His kisses. The control He had to use last time to
  keep from exploring Robbie's body was no longer necessary as Charlie's hands
  rubbed up and down the strong body exploring over his stomach and chest.  
Robbie had a defined six pack; his body spread only enhancing the beauty
  of the boy's muscles. Charlie clawed roughly over the flesh watching the muscles
  rippling. His nails leaving red scratch marks up and down the boy's chest and
  stomach, Charlie's eyes sparkled with pride in His new toy. Charlie's mind
  was already going about all the things He could do to this toy, things He could
  not do to the boys He let back into the world, boys that would again know their
  freedom.  
&quot;Yes, I do believe this is the finest body I've owned. You will continue
  to keep My body in peak physical condition, boy, do you understand?&quot; Charlie
  asked releasing the boy from the kiss. Robbie nodded which prompted Charlie
  to grab the leather and pull on the chain. &quot;Answer Me when I ask you a
  question, boy!&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir. i understand Sir,&quot; Robbie grimaced out as the chain cut
  into the back of his neck. Charlie stood up and picked up the cane from the
  entry way where He left it and brought it down across the boy's chest five
  times in rapid succession.  
Robbie's screams filled the room his body jerking wildly against the restraints, &quot;please!
  please! Sir i'll be good please Sir no more please i'll do anything i'm sorry
  please Sir&quot; crying and begging until Charlie stopped bringing the cane
  down. Robbie struggled to suck breath back into his chest which was raging
  on fire, wondering how such a thin piece of wood could inflict such torturous
  pain.  
Charlie went to His workbench to find a large cock gag and going back to
  Robbie He shoved it into the boy's mouth. Then He secured the straps around
  the back of the boy's head. He leaned down and whispered into the boy's ear, &quot;you
  are Mine, you now only exist to please Me, only to amuse Me, I'll punish the
  smallest infraction severely; it's My promise to you, boy. I'll make you feel
  so many things, you'll never know what is going to come next but all you need
  to know is that you will live for whatever I give to you.&quot; Reaching down
  He rubs the boy's hard nipples in His hands. Walking to the other end of the
  table, Charlie leans over taking the boy's cock in His mouth getting the taste
  of His new toy.  
He stroked the boy's cock in his hand slowly while circling the tip with
  His tongue. He rarely did such a thing to His boys but He always craved that
  first taste of their cum, He stroked the boy hard sucking the head of the cock
  in His mouth working His tongue against the piss slit feeling the cock throb
  in His hand. Looking up at the moaning boy for an instant releasing the cock
  from His lips, He commanded, &quot;Cum, boy.&quot; Sucking on the juices as
  the boy's cock erupted in His mouth. The cum so sweet as He swallowed it sucking
  the shaft dry, knowing it'd be the last time the boy would be allowed to empty
  his balls for a some time to come.  
He moved up to kiss the boy on the cheeks ruffling his hair, &quot;Good boy
  you taste so sweet.&quot; Charlie then went back to His workbench to get out
  a chastity device and the locks needed for it.  
&quot;In the morning, I will allow you to return to your life again, but
  you will not be with anyone else and you will not get yourself off, boy. I
  own you and you will only play with this cock when I allow.&quot; The chastity
  tube would allow for the boy to still urinate, but it made it impossible for
  him to get hard or even get off the ring locked around his balls with a case
  enclosing them inside the device so only the very tip of the cock was exposed.  
Charlie then went to a table and got a small envelope. &quot;This is a list
  of places you will go on such dates and times and do whatever is asked of you.
  You will not see Me again until all of these have been handled. Do not be late
  and do not make Me look for you, boy, you will regret both. In the morning,
  you will walk home in only these, &quot;Charlie held out a small pair of leather
  shorts that would just barely cover Robbie and would not cover the marks on
  his chest.  
&quot;The next time the beeper goes off, you will report to me here in only
  these shorts exactly 48 hours after the beeper goes off. I suggest you work
  on settling your affairs in the meantime or I will tie up the ends for you
  afterwards. Don't think about running, I will find you.&quot; With that, Charlie
  shut off the light and the left the boy strapped down for the rest of the night.
  He'd let the boy go home just before His employees were due to arrive for work.
  Just so the boy would have to walk humiliated home during the morning rush
  traffic. Yes, the time was coming; soon the boy would be fully His.  
Disclaimer: Strong gay BDSM themes,
    if either of these offend you please do not read any further. This is a story,
    remember in real life the importance that everything is safe, sane, and consensual.
    Please do not reproduce or republish this story without consent of the author.   
Chapter 3  
Robbie tried to hide his face in his hands as he made the long trek home
  humiliated in the tight leather shorts. The blood stains, down his legs and
  chest from where the cane had cut him, exposed for anyone to see. Tears rolled
  down his face. What had he gotten himself into? What was this man going to
  do with him? What did he mean by settle his affairs? Would Charlie kill him
  next time? Fear coursed through his body. At one point, he ducked into an ally
  and broke down crying. He knew he could not run and hide. Charlie had his jewels
  locked up to see to that. Curling up in a tight ball against the dumpster,
  his tears would not stop. Would he rather die then having to explain this all
  to the police? Or would they only laugh anyway? God, how did he find himself
  here? He tried to reassure himself that it'd be ok. He had no choice but to
  march forward. Wiping his tears, he forced himself to continue his walk of
  shame home, praying none of the guys from the crew saw him like this.  
The walk of hell continued as passersby pointed and laughed. Robbie took
  off running full speed ahead, risking his face being exposed and seen, and
  figuring less time was better. The pain pierced through his body with every
  movement from the deep cuts of the cane. When he thought his body could take
  no more, mentally and physically, he arrived home to his small apartment, diving
  inside of it and quickly collapsing just inside the door bawling hysterically
  into the carpeting as he curled up like a broken child. He rocked himself back
  and forth in a tight ball as he tried to calm down.  
&quot;Come on stop it you fucking baby, get it together.... you can do this,&quot; Robbie
  cursed to himself, as he forced himself up fumbling with the phone. He called
  his boss mumbling something about a stomach bug. After he dropped the phone
  to the floor, he went to the bathroom to see the damage.  
He stared into the mirror in horror as he took a cold rag to clean the cuts
  on his chest first. His body kept jerking away as he tried to lightly clean
  the cuts. Long thin welts, one over his right side still bled. He held his
  breath as he took ointment and applied it to the open cut. A scream echoed
  off the bathroom walls as it began to sting. He picked the rag back up and
  tried to wash off some of the dried blood on his chest before he tried to look
  at the damage to his neck.  
His neck bleed in spots from the jagged chain still locked around his neck.
  Fuck, how was he going to hide this? He could not hide in his apartment until
  that bastard called to finish him off. But maybe he could stall with vacation
  time. Very gently, he cleaned up the small drops of blood on his neck. He took
  a small hand towel to put it between the chain and his neck as a small protective
  barrier. It wouldn't help if the chain got caught and pulled, but it was his
  hope it would at least prevent it from constantly digging into his flesh.  
 Robbie slowly removed his shorts, biting his lip hard seeing his cock caged
  up. His face turned a deep red looking down at it with great shame. Then as
  he held his breath he turned to see the bloody mess that was his ass. He had
  lost count of how many times it fell, at least twenty he remembered. He cried
  out as the water from the rag touched the tender flesh. Shoving a towel into
  his mouth he forced himself to clean off the blood and clean out the cuts screaming
  into the towel. His body crumpled over the counter as he howled into the towel.
  The ointment had started a new fire to his ass.  
Robbie stared hard into the mirror. Whoever he had been was gone now. Face
  it you sick fucking bastard; he thought to himself, you loved what that asshole
  did to you. Liked being fucked up, roughed up, and used. He's got you now.
  Who are you going to tell? You wanted that beeper to go off. Well you got what
  you wanted. Robbie cursed as he stared bitterly at himself in the mirror.  
Ah, but the way His eyes sparkled during the kiss, there was not all darkness
  there, somewhere there was light. Someone wanted to love and be loved. Maybe
  there was a way to spare his life. Just maybe... maybe if he was good and did
  what the Man wanted, maybe that lonely Man inside would not have the heart
  to kill Robbie. What are you thinking, he asked himself. Was it better to live
  as that Man's toy to torture, or was it better if the Man just beat him to
  death? Were the shattering orgasms worth this, he asked himself looking at
  the ugly throbbing marks on his body.  
Shaking his head, he walks sadly to his bed and curled up on his side not,
  wanting the sheets to touch his pounding chest or throbbing ass. He tried to
  rest his eyes so tired, it felt like the last few hours had been eternities.
  Despite the agony of pain that thundered through his body, he passed out, exhausted
  into a deep sleep, where the pain did not exist.  
Robbie shot straight up in bed. Fuck! He never looked at the instructions!
  What if he had missed something? What if Charlie was on his way to kill him?
  SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! he panicked trying to remember where he put it down. Finding
  it by his door, he ripped open the envelope his heart thundering out of his
  chest. STUPID! STUPID! STUPID! he cursed to himself searching the letter, looking
  to see if he had missed anything today.  
Tears of relief actually fell when he saw his first obligation was not until
  the morning. He did not recognize the address and wondered what he'd be walking
  into. But for the moment all was ok, Charlie wasn't going to kill him just
  yet. The letter was fairly long, but he could not bear to read it all just
  now and so he just glanced for the dates and times.  
*  
Robbie took the rest of the week off as vacation saying he just needed a
  break. Despite it being a warm day, he wore a hooded sweatshirt out trying
  to hide the chains around his neck as he went off to his first appointment.
  It was apparent that Charlie did not wait long for whatever it was that was
  going to be Robbie's fate. The address was a part of town Robbie was unfamiliar
  with, so he opted to take a cab instead of walking -- his bike had been taken
  by Charlie and was still somewhere downtown. He shifted uncomfortably in the
  back seat his ass still very raw and sore from the caning. Charlie had spared
  him none of His great strength when that cane flew through the air. Finally
  the cab got there. He gratefully jumped out, hoping whatever was in store did
  not involve a great deal of sitting.  
His heart thundered inside his chest as he went into the office building
  and following the signs, walked to the back part to of the building and to
  a large wooden door. Not sure what was inside, he knocked quietly on the door.
  The door quickly opened and two large hands grabbed him and pulled him inside
  the door closing it quickly behind him again. Robbie forced himself not to
  fight back remembering Charlie's warning... or as He would call it, His promise.
  Two large men, dressed in white, stripped him of his clothing and dragged him
  back to a small exam room. They held him down and drew blood from his arm,
  then left saying the doctor would be with him in a moment and to just sit and
  wait.  
&quot;Oh my, Charlie was not at all exaggerating about you, boy. You are
  one fine specimen. My name is Dr. Hopkins. I'm a friend of Charlie's. No need
  to be scared, boy. I'm just going to make sure you are in good health. From
  what I hear, you are going to need to be in very good condition.&quot;  
With that Dr. Hopkins said no more and went to work giving Robbie a very
  thorough physical and running a variety of tests, over half of which Robbie
  had no idea what the doctor was testing for, but he just quietly complied.
  Robbie thought he was going to die when the doctor gloved up his hand and lubed
  up to examine Robbie's rectum.  
This had to be a good sign right? Charlie wouldn't shell out for medical
  bills if He was planning on killing him, Robbie thought to himself. Dr. Hopkins
  did put something on the cuts that dulled the pain some and for that Robbie
  was extremely grateful. He was sure of one thing, he'd do anything to avoid
  the fury of Charlie's cane again.  
Just when Robbie was about to leave, Dr. Hopkins stopped him, &quot;On your
  knees boy, you have to pay me yet. Suck my cock off and make it quick, I'm
  a busy man.&quot; Robbie swore the doctor had to be kidding, but his eyes showed
  no sign so Robbie, afraid of what Charlie would do, quickly dropped to his
  knees and went for the man's cock when Dr. Hopkins stopped him.  
&quot;Very good boy, the test was if you would obey. Now off with you,&quot; pausing
  for a moment as he lifted the boy back to his feet, &quot;Best of luck to you,
  Robbie. Take this word of advice, do not anger Him. He is capable of great
  violence, always obey, always please.&quot; Robbie just nodded, having no doubt
  in what he was being told. The brief feeling that he might live was again gone.
  The fear continued to grow deep inside.  
The next stop was just down the block from where he was. It was a fairly
  large leather specialty store "Westwood Leather." Robbie looked in awe at the
  variety of clothing. The store had a cozier atmosphere to it. It wasn't nearly
  as intimidating as Robbie feared it might be until a rather large, grouchy
  looking man approached him. The man looked Robbie up and down once, then reached
  into the collar of the sweatshirt until he found the leather handle on the
  jagged chain. He pulled on it and led Charlie to a back room.  
He cut off Robbie's clothing never saying a word. Robbie looked at the floor,
  humiliated to be standing naked in front of this stranger. Again, never have
  spoken a word, the man took Robbie over his lap administering 10 hard firm
  smacks with his hand. The man never said what Robbie did wrong, but could tell
  that something had displeased this man. Robbie howled, sure the whole store
  could hear his screams. The smacks seemed hundred times worst because he was
  still sore from the cane.  
The man then measured Robbie. Robbie could not get over how hot he did look
  in the various styles and outfits they put on him. If he had only known, he'd
  been wearing leather for a long time before now. The man would never speak
  a word nor did Robbie, not wanting to get into any more trouble. After hours
  of being put into a wide array of clothing, he was put in a comfortable pair
  of leather pants with leather suspenders and a leather cap with a chain around
  the front. The man just grabbed the jagged chain handle and pulled Robbie out
  of the store.  
His next instructions led him to a tattoo and piercing parlor, "Bodily Designs." This
  building was small and tucked away. Robbie walked past it three times before
  finding it. The building looked old and dirty, the dingy sign hanging from
  the brick on a rusty post. Once he stepped inside, however, the look was neat
  and professional. This helped Robbie relaxed a little bit, but he remained
  very apprehensive.  
A big burly hairy man strapped Robbie down to a chair and went to work. Like
  the man at the leather shop, he was quiet and felt no need to explain to Robbie
  was going to happen to him. Robbie stared at the equipment terrified as the
  man prepared his right nipple. Robbie's body jerked against the binds as the
  nipple was pierced; a small hoarse cry escaped his lips. Tears rolled down
  his face as the man repeated the process to the left nipple. Robbie looked
  down to see two large gold rings now pierced through his nipples.  
The man then proceeded to force Robbie's mouth wide open sticking in two
  stoppers to hold the mouth open. He used a metal thong to pull out Robbie's
  tongue to hold it in place. Robbie violently fought against the binds seeing
  what was coming but it was futile. The man had secured him tightly to the chair
  seeing to it Robbie could not escape. Robbie almost passed out as his tongue
  was pierced. A large steel bar now invaded his mouth.  
Lastly, he blindfolded the boy and went to work tattooing something over
  his pubes. He couldn't tell what the man was putting there, but there was a
  horrible sinking feeling at the pit of his stomach as the man tattooed. When
  the man set him free, Robbie opted to wait until he was home to see what would
  now be permanently over his cock. Everything in his body, told him it would
  not be good. Robbie felt sick the entire way home.  
Reaching home, Robbie went straight to the bathroom to try to prepare for
  what his tattoo was. Pulling down the pants, the tattoo brought instant tears
  rolling down his face, screaming out, &quot;NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! YOU
  BASTARD! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!&quot; Reading the word in horror, he fell
  to the floor sobbing hysterically. What was to come of him now??  
Chapter 4  
Charlie pulled up to His home in a black Mercedes. It was a two hours drive
  out of the city, tucked away far from the rest of society. Charlie often stayed
  at a small apartment He had over His studio in the city during the week, but
  He lived for the quiet retreat deep in the woods. The idea of Robbie had been
  in His mind a long time now. He prepared for it a tiny bit year by year.  
Charlie had a tendency to plan things down to the last detail. The plan for
  His permanent live in toy had been no exception. The land He bought was due
  to the dense forestry around it so that it offered the most extreme of privacy.
  The house was not elaborate but comfortable. The outside had been constructed
  in a dark heavy stone that gave the home an ominous look and feel to it. The
  interior of the home revealed little stone, but was rich in dark woods and
  deep rich colors.  
Charlie walked into the study. He poured Himself a glass of brandy before
  He sat down in His easy chair to unwind. His mind wandered back to James once
  again. Charlie had always known that He would never find Himself in the company
  of a woman. However, that day with James stunned Him initially. A sensation
  overcame Him, a strong power that drove Him to make the move on that boy. He
  saw it in His mind first as the camera flashed. The body naked, the leather
  that welted the flesh, He even saw Himself as He raped the boy.  
There would be no other way for Charlie. He lived for the agonized screams,
  for the sound of leather that pounded on the flesh. He could never fathom another
  way of being with another. He was without mercy on the earliest of His boys.
  His untrained hand often cut the flesh which left permanent marks. He shook
  His head as He tried to clear the vicious image that flashed into His mind.
  Charlie scolded Himself. He hated to recall that day, that boy, that image.  
Charlie drank down the remainder of the brandy as if it could somehow have
  erased the past. He had come a long way, He reminded Himself. The boy would
  know horrific pain beyond his wildest dreams, but never would that past repeat
  itself. He caught a glimpse of Himself in the mirror.  
He had aged, not badly, but time had past. His dark black curly hair peppered
  with some grey. He had contemplated coloring it, but He liked the distinguish
  look. He stroked His fingers through His small goatee. It was a feature on
  His face that came and went with His whims. Yes, it was time for something
  more final and steady. It took a great deal of work to break a boy. He felt
  Himself stir as He thought about the young lad about to be His till the end.  
Charlie strolled to the desk, picked up the phone, and dialed the beeper
  number. He could not wait any longer, in forty-eight hours, Robbie would be
  His. He smiled pleased with Himself as He went upstairs to His bedroom to get
  some rest.  
*  
The rest of the letter advised Robbie to settle all affairs. That excited
  feeling was gone and Robbie sat depressed in his empty apartment. He had followed
  Charlie's instructions to the letter all that was left was that damn beeper
  and the two leather items he had received from Charlie. He sat slumped against
  the wall, just staring at the thing, wondering when it would go off; and then
  the last 48 hours. The last 48 hours; then who was to know what was to become
  of him. He thought about going to the police, but the shame was just too deep.
  Nothing would have erased what was now so dark and bold on his pubes. The beeper
  went off which stirred Robbie from his thoughts....... he made a note of the
  time...... and so it began.... the last 48 hours of his life.  
His mind raced with all the things he should run out and do. What he should
  at least experience one last time, but he stayed there. Curled up on the floor
  as he stared at the time. Robbie watched it pass by. Tears fell from his eyes
  as his mind wandered to the tattoo he now would wear to his grave. Why had
  this happened to him? Worse yet, how, despite everything, was there, this deep
  desire to see that Man again? Why, was he so drawn? Yes, there was a great
  risk in running, but if there wasn't a part of him that wanted to be what this
  Man was making him, wouldn't he have at least tried?  
It wasn't too late. He had 48 hours left, 48 hours to disappear. He looked
  over to where his life's savings sat in a small bag. He could just disappear
  into the night. He would get a two day start on Charlie. But he didn't move
  from the floor. He was just frozen there in time.  
Minute by minute, Robbie sat there, as he watched his life tick away. His
  fingers rubbed the tender flesh where the tattoo was. He wanted that word gone,
  but was it not the truth? That was what he was now. Nothing, he had forfeited
  his identity. But a voice quietly in the back of his head whispered, He wants
  you. But, he protested back, just as slave. Tears that fell turned to deep
  sobs as he looked down reading that bold word. All in capital letters that
  crossed his skin just above his cock "SLAVE." As he saw the word again, he
  crumpled into a tight ball on the floor. Devastated, he sobbed there the rest
  of the night.  
 Robbie woke up filled with a fire burning in his stomach. NO! his mind screamed
  at him. He would not just take this. He was a man, he was human, and he was
  not some sick fuck's toy. Dressed in the leather outfit, he took the money
  which he was supposed to drop off at a charity and fled his apartment.  
 Robbie's feet pounded on the pavement as he ran from his home. He was no
  doubt a freak to the people he fled past. He did not care. They stared, and
  he ran. Far from the looks. Far from home. But mostly; far from Charlie. His
  heart pounded in his chest as he raced out of the city. He felt it was safest
  if he took the bus from the next town over. The chain of slavery around his
  neck could not crush the great sensation of freedom he felt as he ran.  
 As the sun raised high in the sky, Robbie dodged off the main road towards
  the woods. He ran just inside the woods as he tried to follow the main road.
  He found even if he lost sight of it, in time he'd find it again. The woods
  were peaceful and quiet. His muscles were fatigued but it felt great as he
  ran, ran towards freedom. Robbie had run before, he had started over new before.
  Last time from his sick fucks of parents, this time from a twisted photographer,
  but he would not be defeated.  
 As the sun set and the woods grew dark, Robbie decided to stop and rest
  for the night. Nervous as he thought about how Charlie would realize soon that
  he was missing. He'd only have one more day to get ahead of the mad man.  
*  
 Charlie walked outside, a warm cup of coffee in hand. A day had passed,
  His mind raced as He thought about the next evening. As He sipped the hot drink,
  He walked away from the main house, to what from the outside appeared to be,
  perhaps; a storm cellar. He walked down into a small pantry which completed
  the cellar look. He walked to the shelving and twisted one lid on a jar half
  a turn and stepped back.  
 The shelves moved forward and to the side. That exposed another stairwell.
  It took Him many years to build this particular part of His estate. Once within
  the stairwell, He pushed on one stone and the door sealed behind Him. He turned
  on the small flashlight He carried in His pocket. The staircase was a narrow
  spiral walkway down deep underground. He smiled as He thought of how this walk
  would frighten the boy. At last, He stopped at what appeared to be a vaulted
  door. He put His thumb to a security pad that identified His print that unlocked
  it.  
 The dungeon was more then ready, but being thorough, Charlie wished to check
  things again. He looked over the many devices of torture. He inspected them
  for flaws that might cause unintended damage. The boy would endure enough intended
  pain without an accident. Satisfied His devices were in good working order,
  He looked into the rooms off the dungeon.  
 Robbie would learn quickly his life did have choices. The first room was
  small with a heavy wooden door that was bolted shut from the dungeon. In this
  room, the boy would barely be allowed to fit. The hands could be secured to
  the ceiling of the room. The walls had a rough jagged texture. This room served
  no purpose other then cruel punishment. It held a few more surprises that Charlie
  secretly hoped the boy at least would experience once.  
 The second room mocked a prison cell. A thin mattress on the floor with
  a metal toilet and sink, it also had a small shower head in the corner which
  only had ice cold water. This room would be the boy's main home. The door was
  a heavy wooden one as well with a small slot towards the bottom so that food
  could be passed into the room. It was pitch dark with the door locked shut.  
 The third room was a small exam room. It was well equipped just like any
  small clinic's exam room. It was well stocked with the things Charlie would
  need to tend to wounds. In case of dire emergency, the only one who knew Charlie's
  truth would have a space to work in. For this reason solely, it was a comfortable
  space.  
 The last room would be used the least, Charlie suspected, but none the less
  He had felt it was important. It was a small bedroom. It had a comfortable
  twin bed with soft warm blankets. It had a large bathtub with the option of
  hot water as well as a sink and toilet. In the one corner was also a small
  black and white television with a DVD player. It would be the boy's ultimate
  reward, but it would not be received easily. At the very least, it gave the
  boy a motive.  
 Charlie grinned as He walked back into the dungeon, everything was ready.
  Soon the boy would be here. It was hard to wait. It took great restraint to
  not collect the boy that night. Tomorrow would arrive soon enough.  
*  
 Robbie barely slept. His heart raced nervously. There was no doubt that
  the man would seek him. Maybe, he thought, it would be best if he avoided people
  all together right now. His new plan consisted of retreating deeper into the
  woods. He was a master of wood. He would hide deep in the forest. He had built
  many things, this would be no different. He just had to find the right spot.
  It was his safest bet for now.  
 He knew time was almost gone, and soon the mad manwould know that he had
  fled, so Robbie ran at twice the pace today. Deep into the woods, he heard
  civilization fade away behind him. The sounds of nature filled his soul. He
  felt so calm, the thoughts of the tattoo, that chain of slavery, invisible
  to him for now. He was not a slave, he had proved that. He had not returned
  at the man's call.  
 It grew harder to tell what time of day it was, so he simply ran until his
  muscles refused to carry him another foot. Robbie collapsed to the earth exhausted
  and his mind wondered if Charlie knew yet&hellip; and if He did, how mad was
  He?  
*  
 The time had come as Charlie drove into the city. He questioned whether
  or not the boy would be there, but He was not concerned if he was not. Charlie
  had spent too much time to not have planned for the boy not being there. He
  hoped though, that the gorgeous thing would be there on his knees. He was so
  eager to begin the torture, the fun. How long He had dreamed of this moment.
  The drive seemed much longer tonight, He thought. God, how hungry He was for
  that boy. He heard the cries of Robbie already. They pounded in His ears; He
  sped up in a sudden hurry.  
 He looked at the clock; the boy should be there now. He turned down the
  road that led to His studio. He got out of His car and saw the spot empty.
  It did not surprise Him in the least. He smiled and just whispered to no one, "If
  that's how you want to play boy, I'm game. I hope you are."  
 He got back into His car. He knew if the boy was coming, he'd have been
  on time. It had not been so long that he had forgotten the caning. Charlie
  drove back to His retreat in no rush. Let the boy get a head start; let him
  start to think he was safe. Charlie would know his exact location when He got
  home. The chastity device had included a tracking device as well. He was not
  so foolish as to believe that the boy would not run. It was to be expected.
  His mind already was excited as to the ways He would punish the boy when he
  was found.  
 When Charlie arrived home, He went immediately inside to His den. He booted
  up the laptop and punched in some codes. Charlie burst out in loud laughter
  as the computer mapped Robbie's exact location. The boy would die if he only
  knew where he was. The boy was right in His back yard. Less then five miles
  away in His woods. Charlie laughed again. He'd let the boy have another night
  thinking he was safe. Then, tomorrow. Tomorrow the hunt was on. There was no
  chance at all that the boy would win.  
Disclaimer: Strong gay BDSM themes,
    if either of these offend you please do not read any further. This is a story,
    remember in real life the importance that everything is safe, sane, and consensual.
    Please do not reproduce or republish this story without consent of the author.  
Chapter 5  
 Charlie woke with a great smile. He actually felt excited that the boy had
  run. His mind raced with the things He would do after the capture. It was very
  early in the morning. He wanted to catch the boy still asleep. He rushed to
  ready for the trip. Charlie slipped on tight leather pants. He buttoned up
  a black shirt then put on a lighter leather jacket over it. He then covered
  his hands in thick leather gloves.  
 He assembled a backpack of odds and ends. A sturdy length of rope, a leather
  face mask, a smaller bull whip, a leash, as well as a first aid kit, just in
  case. He checked the map again on the computer monitor. The boy hadn't moved.
  Charlie grabbed His cell from the desk. He could access the map from it if
  the boy was gone by the time He got there.  
Charlie made coffee and took a thermos of it with Him. Lastly, He grabbed
  a flashlight since it was still pitch black out. He strolled out of the house
  headed for the woods to the east. The boy was about two miles east of the house.
  Charlie walked at a good clip, but He knew time was still on His side. It'd
  be a few more hours before the daylight broke.  
Charlie heard the boy before He saw him in the dark of the woods. He killed
  the flashlight and slowed down as He walked towards the rustling sounds. He
  was almost on top of the boy before He saw Him lying there in the grass. The
  boy thrashed around, caught in a bad dream perhaps? Charlie thought. Little
  did he know that his bad dream was just beginning to get started. Charlie reached
  for the leather hood first.  
It enfolded the head completely. It allowed for breathing through a small
  hole over the mouth. He pushed the hood on quickly tightening the straps as
  Robbie jerked awake. Charlie never missed a beat as He grabbed the chain on
  Robbie's neck.  
"WHAT THE FUCK!!!" Robbie screamed as his hands raced for the chain.  
 Blackness, total blackness, where was he, what was happening, Robbie's mind
  raced. Where was he? Fuck, what dug into his neck? Slowly it came back to Robbie.
  He had been in the woods hiding.  
"OHHHHH SHIT, YOU SICK FUCK, LET GO!!!!" Robbie vainly tried to fight the
  hands that tugged on the chain around his neck. He reached back blindly as
  he tried to get a grip on Charlie.  
Charlie laughed, "That's right, boy, fight Me. Show Me what You have. Oh,
  come on, boy, you are turning me on." Robbie kept grabbing for Charlie but
  missed again and again. The chain cut too deep into the neck if he moved too
  much.  
Charlie jerked the boy up to his feet and released the chain. Charlie taunted
  Robbie as the boy kept lunging at Him. Charlie just stepped to the side and
  watched the boy charge air. Charlie allowed this to continue for a bit since
  it entertained Him. When it was no longer entertaining, Charlie buried His
  fist into the boy's gut which knocked the wind out of Robbie. The boy fell
  easily to the ground where Charlie took the rope and tightly tied the boy's
  arms and legs up behind his back. He then clipped the leash to the razor sharp
  chain. He took the excess rope and dragged the boy belly down over the rough
  terrain. He sharply pulled on the leash from time to time which made the boy
  howl.  
Charlie dragged the boy back to the main yard of His home where He hoisted
  the boy up into the trunk of His car. The boy knew where he was or whereabouts
  now, but after the car ride, he would have no idea. Charlie got into the car
  and drove with no destination in mind. He kept the car on back roads. He turned
  often. He spent two hours on the same roads.  
Robbie sobbed in the truck. How had he been found so quickly? Where was the
  man going to take him? What was going to happen? Was this going to be the end
  of him? Robbie trembled as he struggled to free himself of the ropes. It was
  impossible with him getting tossed around the trunk with the turns. It seemed
  like it was a long trip, he must have made quite a distance from the studio.
  Oh fuck, but how did Charlie find me so fast? Robbie asked himself.  
When they got back to the yard, Charlie untied the boy's legs only and yanked
  him out of the car. With the heavy leather glove on His hand, Charlie grabbed
  the chain. He pulled on it tightly in the direction towards the cellar. He
  threw the boy down the stairs ahead of Him. The little fuck was going to regret
  the day he did not show up. He stepped on the boy as he struggled to get up
  off the concrete. Then proceeded to open up the secret passage way. He yanked
  on the chain to toss the boy into the stairwell.  
He forced the boy up on his feet. Charlie held the chain tight, forcing His
  body tight against Robbie as they made their way down the stairs. Charlie taunted
  the boy quietly into his ear on the way down. Robbie gasped for breath the
  chain so tight around his neck. His body went weak at the words he heard. Robbie
  had not known the man long, but felt he knew Charlie well enough; that what
  He said, was not an idle threat.  
Charlie jerked the glove off one hand to open the door by His print. He threw
  the boy hard forward which knocked him down. Robbie tried desperately to free
  his hands. How his body ached. The rope cut into his wrists and earlier into
  the ankles. The ground clawed up his flesh on the chest and stomach. His knees
  throbbed from the two hard landings on the concrete. The blood dripped down
  from his neck. Robbie trembled on the floor. He knew the worst was yet to come.  
Charlie shoved the boy onto his back. He sat on the chest, His boots dug
  into the boy's neck. Charlie then tugged off the leather pants. Charlie grabbed
  the metal tube around the boy's cock and twisted and pulled on it hard. The
  boy howled and squirmed under Him. He took the key from around His neck and
  unlocked the device removing it. As He climbed off the boy, He put the boy
  back on his stomach to remove the rest of his clothes. He cut the rope to get
  the jacket off. The boy now sprawled out on the cold floor with only the leather
  hood and the torturous chain on.  
Charlie circled around Robbie. The heavy footsteps, a steady beat around
  and around the body, as He watched to see if the boy dared to move. The boy
  made no lunges for Him, but only curled his arms protectively over his head.
  Charlie watched amused as the boy cringed with the sound of each step. A slow
  mental game, when would it come, He reached for a bull whip.  
Time, such a wondrous thing, Charlie thought to Himself. It can be Man's
  ally or enemy. Simple seconds that felt to be eternities; He stalked around
  the room calmly. When the boy started to relax, the body stopped its trembling.
  He cracked the whip harshly to land right beside the boy. The fear was again
  very much alive. Slow deliberate heavy steps on the concrete. Intentional missed
  cracks of the whip right by the boy's ears. He smelled the fear now.  
Charlie set the whip aside for the moment. With the still gloved hand, He
  pulled Robbie off the floor to his feet. He took out a small controller from
  His pocket as He pushed a button a heavy chain lowered from the ceiling. The
  heavy iron cuffs locked tightly around Robbie's wrists. Charlie then knelt
  on the floor to lift two stones a few feet apart. Each spot holding ankle restraints
  that released out length. He secured these to the boy's ankles. Then He pushed
  a button to tighten the slack and locked the chain in place. Overhead, the
  chain raised which pulled the body off the ground and trapped him tightly between
  the two restraints.  
Charlie went over to a counter. His eyes never left the boy as He leaned
  against it. The boy cried now. The soft sob was clearly heard, the body shook,
  but he said nothing. No words would have saved him now just the same. He pulled
  out a container and walked over to the boy. He took out a metal ball stretcher.
  He used an allen wrench to undo the screws which opened the ring to two parts.
  He put it around the boy's balls then used the wrench to tighten and lock it
  in place. Charlie then took out the ball crusher that went along with the ring.
  He attached it carefully and adjusted the tension slowly to crush the balls
  up against the steel ring. From the container Charlie pulled out two 6 ounce
  weights which He attached to each eyelet on the screws of the ball stretcher.  
Robbie's body jerked in the binds. He howled in agony helpless to stop the
  torture. His balls felt smashed in a vice that was being drawn away from his
  body. Were the balls being removed? his mind panicked. The lips opened, they
  moved, desperately they tried to form words, to make sounds. A low cry of unbearable
  anguish was all his lips mustered.  
Charlie proceeded to take out two more weights which He attached to each
  nipple ring. He returned to the counter and got out another container. This
  one was filled with black clothespins. The pins started at just below the armpit
  and went down to the waist. Charlie smiled with each small yelp the boy gave
  as He clipped them on. Charlie worked to match the other side to the first
  one. He took out a few small pins and attached them to shaft which pulled the
  flesh tight. The one clipped over the slit on the boy's cock seemed to satisfy
  Charlie so He put the rest of the pins away.  
Robbie struggled in the chains, a low mournful cry sounding from his lips.
  The pain was long and dull as opposed to the sharpness in the blows of a cane.
  Slow torture that built up. What was to come next? He hated not being able
  to see what the Man was up to. Charlie was pacing again, the heavy footsteps
  sent chills down Robbie's spine. His arms ached from bearing the weight of
  his body. Although the punishment was just started, he knew already he regretted
  running.  
Charlie looked over His collection of heavy leather straps. He wanted something
  that would send the clothespins flying off the flesh. The one He selected was
  a thick wide long piece of leather with a good sturdy handle. He circled around
  the strung up boy slow deliberate steps as He planned His first target. The
  first blow landed with a loud thud across the middle of the chest, Robbie's
  screams followed it. The chains rattled as Robbie's body jerked wildly.  
Charlie stepped back to eye the first welt. His heart pounded a cool steady
  beat as He stalked around the boy with slow heavy steps. He wanted the boy
  to be aware of His movement as He eyed the body in search of the next target.
  The leather cracked loudly and violently against the stone just under Robbie's
  feet. The body twitched and cringed at the very sound. In a quick flash of
  leather, Charlie snapped the strap again that nailed Robbie's side. Two clothespins
  flew across the room as the howls grew louder. The screams only increased Charlie's
  sense of urgency.  
Each blow landed in full force against the flesh. He hammered on the chest,
  the stomach then the side in alternately to knock the clothespins off. Some
  refused to come off so easily and the leather landed over and over in rapid
  succession until it went flying. The dungeon air filled with tortured cries.
  This drove Charlie on harder as He assaulted the body with all the force He
  could muster. Charlie then debated the best way to knock the clothespins from
  the boy's cock off.  
He walked back over to His counter and looked around inside until He found
  a thin long chain. Charlie walked back over to Robbie and threaded the chain
  through the springs of the clothespins then tied the ends together. He took
  the slack in hand and in one quick swoop pulled them all off. The cock exploded
  cum with an agonized high pitched scream that filled the air.  
With a bull whip now in hand, Charlie walked behind the boy. He removed His
  shirt first His body covered in sweat. The boy would remember this whipping
  for the rest of his life. The whip whistled through the air. It landed down
  the middle of the boy's back. The only time between that blow and the next
  was the time it had took to draw the whip back and forward again. The screams
  weakened as the voice gave out. Hoarse raspy sounds from the boy as the whip
  continued to whistle through the air. The whip seemed to sing a soft song with
  a hard beat. The song went on and on, the body jerked and twitched to the rhythm,
  as the whip continued to fall. Ugly angry welts overlapped each other on the
  boy's back when Charlie paused for the first time. The back was a solid mass
  of blood and welts.  
Charlie stopped long enough to take a long drink of cool water. He wiped
  off the sweat from His face then gathered the whip back in hand. The boy's
  still bruised ass His new target as the whip cracked through the air to land
  harshly against the flesh. The spots random as the whip repeated its attack
  to the bum. The ass turned a deep crimson from the brutal whipping. The bull
  whip fell, each blow right after the other across the ass. No inch of it was
  left untouched. Charlie lost count; it had been at least fifty if not much
  more by the time He stopped. The backside was a deep scarlet; the welts pulsed,
  while the blood ran down the back and legs.  
Charlie undid the zipper of His pants to free His cock. He mindlessly stroked
  it as His eyes traveled up and down the boy in front of Him. He lowered the
  chain which brought the boy back to the floor. Charlie looked him over, he
  had possibly passed out, and the body was relatively still. With the voice
  cords exhausted, it was hard to tell. He removed the leather mask from the
  boy. Charlie went into the first aide room to retrieve smelling salt. The boy
  was going to be awake while he was being fucked.  
Charlie undid the binds from the arms and ankles and carried the boy over
  a wooden sawhorse. He secured the arms and ankles to the base of it before
  He waved the salt under the boy's nose. It took a few moments before the head
  jerked and the boy was back in the conscious world. Charlie grabbed the boy's
  hair roughly. He forced the boy's eyes to meet His. The cold darkness of Charlie's
  eyes stared back into the terrified broken Robbie's. Robbie opened his lips,
  tried to beg for mercy, but ragged breath was all that was heard.  
Charlie reached up and gathered some blood from the boy's back. He made Robbie
  watch as He coated His cock in the blood. He leaned into close to the boy's
  ear and whispered, "you nod off while I'm fucking that ass, and I'll make this
  all seem like a vacation day. Understand, slave?" The tone icy sent immediate
  chills through Robbie who nodded rapidly his understanding.  
Charlie slammed into the tight hole. Blood splattered as He rammed into the
  boy in and out harder and faster. Both hands dug into the shredded flesh as
  His cock thickened and balls raised unloading into the ass. He rested for a
  moment before He untied the boy who slumped down to the floor.  
The boy had stayed conscious through the fucking but now almost passed right
  out on the floor. Charlie dragged the limp body over to the small cell. He
  hoisted him up to secure the arms over head and shoved the body into the tiny
  space. The boy barely fit. Charlie inserted a small feeding tube device into
  the boy's mouth. He put protective gear over the eyes. He removed the ball
  weights and crusher but left the stretcher ring on as well as the nipple weights.
  He shut the door and set the system for the room for the night. Every other
  hour it would feed the boy a clear liquid mix that would hydrate and nourish
  the body. The second setting on opposite hours would give the boy a shower
  in an antiseptic spray to prevent infection.  
He went inside and made a phone call. He talked a bit franticly as the boy
  from His past again taunted Him. He screamed into the phone, "Now! The past
  can not repeat itself."  


Chapter 6 
Robbie's body jolted in anguish. His eyes fluttered but there was only darkness
  around him. His body drenched. The liquid felt like flames. The tortured screams
  went unheard. Was he deaf? Was his voice gone? Fear consumed him, where was
  he? What hammered down upon him that created such burning? He struggled to
  move but the efforts failed. Pain, like he had never before felt. Horrible
  sharp shooting pain, no part of his body felt safe. In his mind he begged for
  the kiss of death, the blackness of unconsciousness, any escape, was there
  not a merciful being somewhere? 
What had happened to him? Who, what, in the world existed to be this cruel?
  The agony of his wretched body fueled his anxiety. Who was he? Why was there
  no memory beyond the suffering? The truth was too ugly to remember that perhaps
  he lost it. The liquid stopped, the burn remained. Was he so evil in his life
  that this was his destiny? Screams of torment flooded his mind, his thoughts
  overpowered. The pain was a hateful beast which feasted on his body down to
  the bone. Mercy, there must be mercy somewhere. Whatever his sins they would
  not be repeated. God, please mercy, his mind struggled to scream over the pain. 
Was this death, his self created hell? His grand punishment for a bad life
  lived? The pain continued to thunder through his body. But if that was the
  case, he would know his sins? Where was he? Such a small space, his body felt
  trapped in a vice. A fear crossed his mind that if the walls were not so close
  perhaps his body would fall apart. Vile fluid filled his mouth. He sputtered
  no choice but to swallow. The mystery only grew. What the fuck was going on? 
His body rebelled. The walls did not budge. His hands fought to move to remove
  the tube that pumped such a vile taste into his mouth. His efforts yielded
  nothing but increased the intensity of the pain. Loud noises came from behind
  him. He did not know if he should be terrified or hopeful. 
His eyes were forced to squint as the light entered into the room. Who was
  behind him? Was it help or more torture? His heart pounded. His eyes refused
  to focus, his voice still silent. Something warm touched his back softly. The
  hand arm guided him to the floor as his wrists were released. Sounds, voices,
  blurred. Was it a foreign tongue? Something was over his eyes; a hazy glow
  of light was all he saw. 
Fear instructed him to stay still that stopped the urge to remove the eye
  gear. The voices felt so close and sounded so far away. All he could clearly
  hear was the screams of his body; the voices swirled in and out of it. The
  words were too quiet against the screams for him to piece them together. Two
  different voices it seemed, but who were these men? Who was he? Why was he
  in so much pain? Burbled sounds from his lips, nonsensical, steady, barely
  a whisper. Something cold pressed against his side. Slowly a numbed feeling
  took on the pain then took him deep back into the darkness of his mind. 
Jesus Christ, Charlie. It's pretty bad. That shot will knock him out for
  a while, I don't want him to fight me while I work on him and cause further
  injury, Dr. Hopkins said as he looked over Robbie concerned. Fuck, whipped
  him down to the bone. Help me get him into the other room. 
They moved the boy into the small exam room then the doctor chased Charlie
  out of the room. He had never figured out how Charlie could be so brilliant
  and controlled in His technique in most situations, but allow the anger, the
  complete darkness of soul to unlash in tough situations. The boys never listened
  to his warnings, he always found himself trying to piece them back together.
  The only credit he could give Charlie was the panicked calls were less severe
  over time. The first, how he wished he had never answered the first. A lifetime
  dark secret the two men would now always share. He sobbed quietly as worked
  to thread Robbie's flesh back together. 
Charlie paced about the dungeon floor. His shoulders ached from the exertion
  of cracking the whip. Charlie cared not how much pain the boy felt. In His
  mind the boy deserved all the body could take and more. It was the and more'
  that often found Him in trouble. Death was a troublesome beast. It was such
  a mess to clean up after. The sleepless nights, the flashbacks, death was not
  His thrill, but perhaps His demise. It made Him weak. Panic now entered His
  mind. Death forced the truth that His toys were living beings that might have
  a tiny existence, even if it was only as His slave. Charlie closed His eyes.
  He preferred to not see them as living things just the object for His darkest
  desires. 
Charlie had never known a true love. He felt that it was an impossible emotion
  for Him. The friendship known with the doctor had existed for a lifetime, both
  too young to even remember their first meeting. Charlie felt safeness in the
  friendship. It was the doctor that He first explored His homosexual feelings
  with. Even the sex existed to Charlie as only physical. He knew it was harder
  for Samuel. Charlie took a drag from a cigarette as He recalled the night before
  His friend married. The deep confession of his deep love for Charlie, Samuel
  was willing to leave her for Him. Charlie in perhaps the only gentle moment
  of His life explained He did not feel the same. He encouraged His friend to
  marry the woman. They never spoke of that night again but the sex continued,
  always at Charlie's whim. 
The doctor emerged from the exam room. Charlie disrupted from His thoughts
  stopped His pacing. The look on His friend's face said it all. The boy was
  fine. He waited though. He had known this man long enough to know there was
  more to be said. 
I know you will reject what I think he needs. So at bare minimum please do
  not lay into him for the next week or so, Dr Hopkins requested. He knew better
  then to demand of Charlie. 
Sure, Sam, I have to head back into the city for work anyway. The little
  puke can lay like a slug in his cell to his heart's content. If I'm feeling
  nice, I might remember food, Charlie chuckled pleased there was still other
  ways to torment the boy. 
The two carried the boy carefully from the exam room to the small cell. Once
  Robbie was laid on the thin mattress, they locked the door and left the boy
  sealed inside. They stood there for a moment both silent as they stared at
  each other. 
Charlie took Samuel's hand headed for the door. He shut off the lights and
  headed up out of the dungeon. Charlie tried to recall just how long it had
  been since He last spent the night with the doctor. Such a fucked up past they
  shared, but it was a bond no one could ever touch. Samuel wouldn't leave unscathed,
  but the emotions Charlie felt were different. As deep as His darkness ran,
  this was the one person He could not truly hurt. He struggled to say it was
  love. 
Charlie's quarters were rich in a deep cherry wood. The colors of the room
  were a rich gold and deep burgundy. He had modeled the room from a shoot He
  had done many years ago. He loved how the colors matched to the dark wood.
  Charlie pulled Samuel down upon the king size bed. 
As He stroked Samuel's hair softly, Charlie ravished Samuel's lips. His eyes
  twinkled as He lay upon Samuel's body. Yes, this was different. He slowly undid
  the buttons on Samuel's shirt. Charlie chuckled at the few gray chest hairs.
  Yes, they were both indeed no longer young men. He pulled out a hair or two
  then lightly kissed the spot. He yanked the shirt off and threaded it through
  the headboard. Charlie then used the sleeves to tie Samuel's wrists. 
Charlie rubbed, pinched, and pulled on Samuel's nipples in His hands. His
  lips hungrily explored Samuel's. A trace of electricity traveled down His spine,
  a power no slave kiss could have induced. Underneath Him, He could feel Samuel's
  cock pressed hard against the pants that held it. The tingle of the kiss remained
  as Charlie pulled back from it. Slowly, one by one, He undid the buttons on
  His own shirt. Samuel's eyes locked upon Charlie as He undressed. 
Samuel's heart raced against his chest. He knew his hands were not that secured.
  Samuel toyed with the idea of freeing himself to grab and throw Charlie down
  and take him. But Samuel knew his lover's heart. It would only upset him, always
  the control freak. There was no doubt as to where it came from, but now was
  not the time. Samuel admired the sculpted chest as it was revealed. 
How Samuel's body soared as those lips were once again upon his. A lifetime
  of lust, he had never learned how to harness. He pulled against the shirt the
  tied him to draw closer to Charlie. The game had started. Samuel had to smile
  to himself. The silly game they had been playing since being only kids. Charlie
  slowly tormented him. Samuel fought to keep his urges for it to move along.
  The battle of wills, Charlie always won. 
Charlie's lips traveled down to Samuel's neck. He softly kissed the warm flesh
  at first. Down to the shoulder, He sucked and kissed the flesh. Once to the
  shoulder blade, Charlie sank His teeth deep into the flesh. Samuel's body jerked
  underneath Charlie's a soft groan escaped from his lips. The nipples pulled
  and rubbed by Charlie's fingers. Soft moans in the air as Charlie roughly explored
  His friend's body. The harshness followed by a soft touch, He worked over the
  nipples. His teeth sank into the nipple to draw blood then His lips gently
  sucked to soothe the pain. 
Samuel squirmed under Charlie. He looked down to see his chest covered in
  the numerous bite marks. The tip of his cock had pressed its way up out of
  the waistband of his pants. It ached to be freed of the clothes that held it
  prisoner. Samuel's chest throbbed in a dull ache from the bites. 
Charlie sat up; He ran His fingers over the bare chest. He wished He could
  change for one night. Samuel was hard, the cock pulsed. One day, He'd find
  a way, tonight was not it. He was who He was; Samuel wanted to be with Him
  despite it. Charlie yanked off the pants which left Samuel in just his boxers.
  Charlie slipped His hand up under Samuel's boxers. The skin felt so cool against
  His hand. 
Charlie crawled up to Samuel's lips. The lips met with the softest touch at
  first, Charlie pressed deeper. That feeling was there if He explored enough.
  The passionate kiss grew a fiery dance with their tongues. Then there it was
  for a fraction of a second, Charlie felt His heart flutter. There in that briefest
  moment, the closest emotion He could associate with any kind of love. Only
  Samuel gave Him that feeling, but Charlie would never allow Samuel to see that.
  His own fear would not even allow for His own admittance. 
Charlie freed Samuel's wrists, His mind still obsessed with that cool skin.
  His finger traced up the bottom of Samuel's chin. Charlie looked deep into
  Samuel's eyes for a brief moment as if to say I'm sorry. Samuel reached for
  Charlie; his fingers brushed the cheek ever so lightly. A dark cloud appeared
  in Charlie's eyes as He grabbed the wrists. Fear flashed through Samuel's eyes.
  Even in the lifetime of being together, in Charlie never have crossed the boundaries,
  Samuel could never shake the horrible violence he knew his love was capable
  of. 
Charlie threw Samuel face down into the bed. Then He straddled onto Samuel's
  back his boots back pinned the shoulders down. The thin red silk fabric to
  be Samuel's only defense as the large hands of Charlie's thundered down across
  the bum. Both hands rapid full of the body's might, the slaps echoed in the
  room. Samuel handled about two minutes of this before he fought from under
  Charlie. Each cry, each jolt of the body, drove Charlie on with each hard thud
  down upon the flesh His cock throbbed harder. 
Charlie hopped off the side of the bed to yank off the boxers. He rubbed the
  hot flesh now more to His liking. Samuel softly sobbed into the bed. Charlie
  undid His own pants and removed them with His boxers. He slipped back into
  bed. This time Charlie lifted up Samuel and lid under him. He sat up against
  the headboard, Samuel's hot breath and tears against His cock. 
Charlie petted Samuel's hair gently as He whispered, There, there, baby,
  you're doing a great job. Charlie reached to the nightstand and picked up
  His cat o nine tails. 
Charlie snapped the tails down across Samuel's back. He pushed His cock into
  Samuel's mouth. The cock stifled Samuel's cries as Charlie snapped the tails
  down on Samuel's back again. Charlie shivered as the cries vibrated against
  His cock. He sat back against the headboard relaxed every few moments the tails
  snapped across Samuel's back again. 
Samuel wrapped his lips tight around Charlie's cock. He sucked up and down
  the shaft. Precum drizzled over his tongue which Samuel lapped up. The muscles
  of his body tensed with each assault of the tails. Samuel tried to push aside
  the pain to focus on the cock. The greater the fire upon his back the deeper
  he took the cock into his throat. He sucked harder and harder as if it would
  extinguish the angry flames. A particularly hard blow left him buried into
  Charlie's lap as his body shook. He sobbed shamelessly at the agony as he pulled
  back off the cock. 
Samuel lightly placed his hand on Charlie's that held the flogger. Charlie
  nodded His understanding. Charlie laid the flogger aside and pushed Samuel
  down on his back. Charlie's dark eyes locked in with Samuel's. The fear and
  anguish still there not fully masked behind the love in Samuel's eyes. Charlie
  lowered down over Samuel as He reached to kiss those lips. While they kissed
  Charlie's fingers worked to lube and relax Samuel's anus. 
Charlie pushed His cock through the resistance into Samuel's bud. His tongue
  enthralled with Samuel's as His cock rocked in and out of Samuel. Samuel's
  body jerked each time Charlie pushed down hard into him against the mattress.
  The small groans, the twitches of the body drove Charlie in and out harder.
  The kiss burned between their lips full of electricity. Charlie's hand stroked
  Samuel's cock hard as He continued to hammer in and out. 
Their bodies coated in sweat, their hearts pounded against their chests. Samuel
  moaned mixed with groans from the blend of pain on his back and the insane
  pleasure. Samuel's body trembled as his cock thickened in Charlie's hand. The
  thick cum covered their chests as his cock erupted. Charlie grunted into Samuel's
  mouth as His cum filled Samuel's ass. Charlie laid breathless on Samuel and
  wrapped His arms around him as He drifted off to sleep. 
Samuel took deep slow breaths. His eyes watched Charlie as He drifted to sleep.
  Samuel's mind couldn't help but wander back in time to their past. Long and
  complicated, he wasn't sure another could ever understand their relationship.
  He shifted to attempt to remove some weight from his sore back. Despite even
  this, Samuel couldn't help the love that coursed through his body for Charlie. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  gaberial lair


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





