BDSM Library - Trucker's Break




Trucker's Break
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A weary trucker hundreds of miles away from home gets the chance of a lifetime with a 15 year old runaway.TRUCKER'S BREAK   
This story is pure fantasy, not to be lived out.  
It was after midnight by the time my day got exciting. I'm a truck driver
  for a major national chain and I own my own rig. I was stopped in a retail
  parking lot with a full load both in my trailer and my balls. Things can get
  real lonely for a truck driver, going weeks not being home, not that there
  is anything exciting there anyway. Sure, you can pick up the occasional lot
  lizard, but most of them have had a really hard life by the time they make
  it to your cab to suck your cock. I would never dare stick my dick up them
  even with a helmet on. Most of them have every disease in the book, and look
  like they've slept in a garbage can in the sewer. But fuck, they'll stay on
  your dick until they have a healthy load of creamy cum swimming around their
  bellies and they won't get off it until they've sucked every fucking drop of
  seed out of your balls. They come in ages from pretty young to really old,
  I prefer the 18 or 19 year olds myself, but some of my buddies like the younger
  ones, and there are plenty to pick from depending on the stop. All that for
  $20, you can't beat it. A few of my buddies have caught things even getting
  a suck job though, the stupid whore will scrape them with their teeth by accident
  and the saliva instantly gets in the wound. Usually when that happens, the
  guy will cum down their throat, but then beat the fuck out of them and literally
  throw them out of the truck before driving away. Those are my buddies, all
  good men. I've heard stories where other whores didn't get off so lucky after
  making a mistake like that with a man's cock. The fucking bitches aren't good
  for anything else, the least they can do is suck a cock right. Luckily, that
  hasn't happened to me.  
 Anyway, it was after midnight, pouring down rain, a really cold rain, the
  wind was howling. Even my cab was rocking back and forth. I was having trouble
  sleeping and I'd been awake for 18 hours and really needed some rest. I was
  just drifting off when I hear this voice screaming and pounding at my window.
  It was hard to make out the voice on account of the pelting rain and wind.
  I grabbed my .44 and opened the curtain separating my cabin with my sleeping
  unit. My jaw dropped when I seen this cute little face so close to my window,
  she looked like she was crying, but who could tell in the rain? She was smacking
  my window repeatedly, begging to be let in, looking behind her every few seconds.
  I put the gun down and climbed up front, unlocking the door and letting her
  in. The dumb girl never said thanks or nothing, she just kept frantically asking
  me to shut the dome light off so nobody could see in (which was fine with me).
  I just shut the light off when around a corner a police car turned, his lights
  flashing, but no siren on. She ducked in the back as he slowed and stopped
  in front of my rig. He seen me sitting there, his lights fixed directly on
  me. He got out of his squad car in the pouring rain and walked to my driver's
  door. I rolled down the window and he asked me what I was doing. I told him
  just watching the storm. He looked a little unconvinced, but then asked if
  I seen a girl, late teens run through here. I shrugged my shoulders and said
  I wish. I asked if she was dangerous and he said no, but she did run away from
  home with her dad's cash and credit card. She was old enough to be out on her
  own, but not old enough to steal from daddy it appeared. I smiled at the officer
  and told him I'd keep a lookout, but was getting ready for bed. He thanked
  me and got back in his car, driving off.  
 I took a deep breath, grabbed some Jack from underneath my seat, and took
  a long swig, swallowed, and took another. I still hadn't gotten a good look
  at the girl, and was ready to see what I had back there. I opened the curtain,
  crawled to the back, and then again shut the curtain, making sure prying eyes
  couldn't see us. I switched on the side lights, creating a yellow glow, for
  the first time seeing the beautiful slut in front of me. This bitch was hot!
  She was still completely wet, her hair messed up on top of her head, and her
  makeup running down her soft cheeks. She had fire red hair, long, almost all
  the way down her back. Crystal clear blue eyes, so deep, innocent, mysterious.
  Even in the dim light, I could see playful freckles on her cheeks, going down
  her neck, and disappearing where her shirt neck started. She had a cute little
  nose and the fullest, most pouting lips that even Angelina Jolie couldn't compare
  to. My cock throbbed just looking at those soft, red cock gobblers. This is
  even after the makeup and lipstick was washed off her face. All this is just
  above the neck, it only got better the more I took in. She had a small, shiny,
  pink purse she held close to her She was wearing a soaking wet pink shirt with
  some sports number on it. It almost looked like a sleeping shirt that came
  down to almost her knees. She must've left in a hurry I thought to myself.
  The thin wet shirt conformed around her extremely impressive chest, which I
  may add had no bra under. This girl's tits were fucking huge and round, I could
  tell that without even lifting up her shirt. First impression, I'd say she
  was a solid 38DD, no sag at all. It was one of those situations where even
  if you try looking at the little bitches face, you still can only see the big
  soft titties. Just another reason I wonder why whores were given vocal cords.
  The only time I want a bitch talking is when she is either screaming or moaning.
  She had equally impressive nipples, large and long, poking stiffly through
  the wet, pink shirt, forcing my pants to get very tight. This girl was made
  to be used, that was for sure, she was made for dick. As I moved closer to
  her, she kind of jerked and put her legs up by her full tits, trying to cover
  herself.  
 I sat right next to her, not quite touching her, but smelling her soft,
  intoxicating female scent. She looked quickly at me, then at the pictures of
  the sluts on my walls. I had pictures of girls taken off the internet or magazines.
  They were either naked, posing suggestively, or they were sucking cock or getting
  fucked by one or many cocks. A few even had the happy ending sprayed all across
  the little cum whores face, tits and/or hair. I could tell the pictures upset
  her, or at least made her feel uncomfortable. I smiled, in the most fatherly
  way I could, and put my hand on her shoulder. I squeezed and said "I'm sorry
  sweety, I wasn't expecting company, and I get very lonely out there on the
  road. As it is now, I'm over 500 miles away from home. I can take them down
  if you like." I of course was lying about taking them down, but I wanted to
  earn a little of her trust, for now. She kind of warmed up and shook her head
  in the usual no fashion. She smiled and said it was alright and she was just
  being dumb (big surprise). I rubbed my hand up and down her arm, she was covered
  in goose bumps, and I made sure my fingers brushed the side of her tit, acting
  like I didn't even notice touching her huge bag of fat, though I was ready
  to cum in my pants just slightly touching the side of her fucking perfect tit.  
 "My name is Tom, what is yours?" She smiled, and quietly said "my, my name
  is Amber, thank you for letting me in. I hope I'm not bothering you." I smiled
  back at her, thinking of how much fun it'll be to have her suck my cock, and
  told her she was not a bother at all. "Why did you run away from home Amber?" She
  looked around the room again, still focusing on the pictures, but not showing
  any signs of disgust as she had before. Her eyes finally stopped at her lap
  as she nervously played with her hands. This was the first time I noticed her
  fingers. They were long and slender, with very long nails painted hooker red.
  Just another plus to her look! "Amber, why did you run away from home? If I'm
  going to get into trouble harboring you, you better fucking tell me now!" I
  said with a growing authority. This kind of shocked her, and her voice cracked
  some as she said she had to leave. "You see, Tom, I met this guy I really like,
  but daddy hates him. He thinks he's only after me sexually, but I told him
  it wasn't like that. We both belong to a group that believes in saving sex
  for marriage, I've never done anything like that with a guy, and he's never
  done anything like that with a girl." My cock is jumping all around now thinking
  of this girl still have all her cherry's intact for the ripping. "The most
  we've ever done is kissed, and we didn't even use our tongues. I was supposed
  to meet him at the old bus stop, but the police were looking for me for taking
  some money to get us started, I got side tracked trying to lose them, and then
  seen you sitting there. I knew you'd help me." Not believing my luck, I cleared
  my throat and began to talk. "Well baby, that is an awful important stand you
  made, both for waiting until marriage and leaving to be with your boyfriend.
  You are a smart independent girl aren't you?" I almost started laughing as
  I said those words and she agreed with me. Modern women, the weakest, dumbest,
  and most cut-throat of any species, always thinking they are so damn smart
  and superior, or at least equal. I don't know how or when all this started
  about, but women forgot their place a long time ago, and men let it happen.
  Shame on us. This girl was going to learn her place in life though, that she
  is just a few stupid holes, a sleeve for guys to masturbate with and clean
  up the mess after we're done. A teen, especially with a body like hers, thinking
  she can deny men the use of it, she'd learn all right! Dumb cunt.  
 After hearing her story I acted like I got kind of upset and told her in
  a stern voice "You are soaking wet, and you're getting my bed all wet, I've
  gotta sleep back here everynight and you're fucking it all up." I grabbed one
  of my white undershirts and a pair of boxer shorts and threw them to her, telling
  her to put them on. She looked at me kind of confused and distracted. Almost
  in tears she said "I'm so sorry about getting your bed wet. I didn't mean to,
  but don't you have a bigger shirt that's not white? I'm just afraid you'll
  see through it." I smiled at her innocence and told her that was all I had,
  the rest of my clothes were dirty. In fact though, all my clothes were dirty,
  and the boxers I was forcing her to wear I used to clean the cum off my chest
  and stomach after I shot one off before I left that day. I told her I would
  turn around while she got dressed so she didn't have to worry about me seeing
  anything. Hesitantly, she agreed. I turned around and listened to her peel
  the clothes off that steaming body of hers. In a few minutes, she was wearing
  my crusty boxers and my white shirt. I turned back around and she was folding
  her pink shirt and the biker shorts she was wearing under them. Until I seen
  her shorts, I wasn't entirely sure she was wearing anything under that long
  shirt of hers. I was disappointed to see the shorts. She had the blanket over
  her legs to her stomach, but the white shirt had the effect I had hoped for.
  It should have been huge on her, but her huge full tits made it very snug,
  in fact, the shirt was a little small in that area. Her skin was still damp
  from her old clothes and the moisture bled through the shirt, making her tanned
  skin show through in some parts. I kind of looked at her tits a little longer
  then I should have. She seen this and kind of turned to the side. I couldn't
  help it though, they were just so fucking huge, and perfectly round and full.
  I could tell the center of both tits touched each other, forming perfect cleavage
  to bury your face or dick in. This bitch defied gravity with those tits. And
  fuck yeah, those nipples, such a dark pink, meaty and long, poked proudly out
  of the shirt, it was like she wasn't even wearing anything because it left
  nothing to the imagination. My cock was rock hard and ready to play. I just
  wanted to grab huge soft handfuls of those tits and squeeze until they bruised
  and she screamed. I wanted to sink my teeth into that soft flesh, chew those
  meaty nipples, force those sweet nipples to bleed and explode in my mouth.
  MMMMMMMMM, I couldn't wait to break her, but not yet, not yet.  
 After she seen me practically drooling over her mammaries, she was noticeably
  more tense. Bad mistake on my part, but fuck, what was a man supposed to do.
  A priest would've wanted to bite into those melons and suck the juice out too,
  even though she wasn't a boy. She asked if I would drive her to where her boyfriend
  should be. I thought quickly, because I had no intention of ever letting her
  go, at least not yet. I smiled at her and in a warm voice told her that it
  would be too dangerous if we left already. The police car would drive back
  around and see I was leaving so soon, and probably stop me to see what happened.
  I told her the best thing to do is to sleep for the night, and told her I'll
  drop her off in the morning. She wanted to at least call him and tell him she
  was alright, but I told her she shouldn't because if they find him, he could
  tell them where she was and take her back to daddy. Besides, she most definitely
  was not alright! She was juicy, hot, captured prey, ready to be played with.
  While thinking this, I smiled my most sincere smile at the dumb, naive pussy
  and again, predictably, she warmed up to me and agreed. I laid back on my pillow
  and invited her to lay down as well and get some rest. She was hesitant, but
  agreed. She crawled like a pussy cat next to me, repositioned herself under
  the covers, her back to me, not touching me, she told me goodnight and "Thanks
  Tom, you're a really nice guy, I knew I was doing the right thing coming to
  you for help." I smiled at her stupid trust and the fact she thought she knew
  what was going on like all "worldly, independent" bitches. After about 15 minutes,
  I could tell by her heavy breathing, she was already asleep. I smelled her
  drying hair, kissed her earlobe with a sparkly hoop in it, and reach around
  and took a tit in my hand. I have big hands, but these tits were even too big
  to fit in my meaty palm. Her nipples had went down, but appeared to just always
  be somewhat erect. After my touch though, the tit I was massaging forced the
  nipple to fully enlarge again. I pinched it and almost came right then, so
  much meat in that nipple. She stirred a little and I quickly moved my hand
  back to my side. After another minute, she was sleeping soundly again. I couldn't
  take it anymore. I pulled my cock out of my boxers and stroked it, the feeling
  of that rubbery nipple still in-between my fingers. I couldn't wait to taste
  them, to feed off of them. After only a few minutes, I came, hard. I mean so
  hard my legs was twitching, and I sprayed every thick jet of cum onto her boxer
  covered ass. I covered those cotton boxers with my thick cream too. I couldn't
  wait until that cum was all over those warm tits, in that soft mouth, or inside
  that ripped once virgin cunt or ass instead of being so coldly deposited on
  boxers. Hardly the place for a whore to keep her Master's cum.  
 It was a long night. I didn't get much sleep. When I did fall asleep, I'd
  wake right back up again, over powered by these sick, erotic thoughts, my body
  would actually shake with anticipation and I had a constant hard-on. I had
  to be patient though. It was about 6 in the morning. I slowly got out of bed,
  I should have been much more tired then I was. She was still sleeping soundly,
  safely. Her extremely long red hair had dried, and to my surprise, had a lot
  of body, porn hair is what I like to call it. She was on her back, her perfect
  tits standing out far off her chest, the shirt stretching taught over them,
  actually pushing the soft orbs into her a bit, but then sweeping down onto
  her slim, stomach. I would have to guess she was probably 5'2" or so, 100 pounds,
  maybe the low end of that. She was in great shape. Her tits were definitely
  grossly disproportionate to the rest of her body though. She would probably
  have severe back problems one day, but who the fuck really cared right?! I
  had a small stash of drugs hidden in a compartment. I never used them myself,
  but sometimes when I'd get together with buddies, they liked to use them. I
  filled a small vile with some pink liquid. I wasn't sure exactly what it was,
  but I knew it could knock an elephant out if you gave it enough. I crawled
  back into bed beside her, the attack was about to begin. After I stuck her,
  there was no turning back. Her full lips were curled up in a kind of smile.
  She must've been having a nice dream. Looking down at her, I realized that
  not even a plastic surgeon could perfect on her body or face. This was my dream
  come true, any man's dream come true. I looked at her again, contemplating
  what I was about to do. She was stupid, but she really was a sweet girl. But
  then my cock twitched thinking about how much sweeter she'd be as I throat
  fucked her and twisted those titties around. Without another thought, I jabbed
  the needle into her neck. Her big, crystal blue eyes popped open in shock,
  but then quickly closed again. This time, there was no smile on her face. Her
  life was changed from that point on. Her future plans of a career, sex after
  marriage, equality, all gone now. Now she was meat, Amber no longer existed.
  She was hot teenage meat, born to be used and abused. She was going to fulfill
  her true destiny, no matter what that meant!  
 I grabbed her small pink purse she carried with her. She had a few pictures
  of her, her family, and someone I assumed was her boyfriend. Her school I.D.
  said she was 15, just turned 15 a few days earlier, nice. She was 93 pounds,
  5'1". Her tits had to be half of that weight. Even her fucking I.D. picture
  was hot! Who has a hot I.D. picture? I laughed to myself, looked at her, then
  threw the purse and school I.D. on the ground. It was time.  
 I quickly grabbed a hold of both tits through the white shirt with my hands,
  squeezing them hard, pulling the nipples up hard and letting them fall back
  into her jiggling jugs. I pulled the shirt off, her head falling on my shoulder.
  I grabbed her thick hair and guided her partly open mouth to my mouth. I stuck
  my tongue as deep into her mouth as I could, massaging her warm tongue with
  mine. I'd suck her limp tongue into my mouth and bite it gently. I let her
  fall unceremoniously back onto the bed, laughing at her. "How is that for no
  tongue bitch?" Like an animal, I was on her, sitting on her waist and going
  straight for those tits. I turned on the lights so I could see better. They
  were so perfect. Even flat on her back, they pressed tightly against each other
  in the middle, rose to a half circle both on top and bottom, and went far out
  on the sides, well past where her hips stopped. Who was this whore and how
  was she blessed like this? Her freckles went all the way down her tits too.
  She had such a dark tan, but her tits were so milky white, I knew they'd never
  seen the sun before. They circled her big nipples, but then seemed to stop
  when her tits stopped. Considering how huge her tits were, this girl had a
  lot of freckles. Literally, almost drooling, shaking with excitement, I lowered
  my hungry mouth to her left tit. It stood up so proud even without squeezing
  like most women's are that have big tits. I loved the way the soft tit tissue
  conformed to my suckling mouth. I circled the nipple, kissing it, sucking it,
  then biting it, harder then I probably should have. I became intoxicated with
  her soft, warm melons. I started slurping them, leaving spit all over them,
  making them shiny. My tongue covered every impressive inch. I licked up her
  soft slender neck, sucking on her full lips. I had her. I started kissing down
  her neck, back to her greatest features. This time though, I left a trail of
  dark purple hickies down her neck, and across both tits. I grabbed a belt,
  folded it while looking down at her, and began to whip her tits, overwhelmed
  with power and hate for this little cunt. I started whipping her harder and
  harder, even though she was out, an anguished expression was across her angelic
  face. The sound of hard leather slicing into soft flesh was reverberating in
  the sleeping unit. Every slice of the belt caused her tits to wiggle like jello,
  only to mold back to their perfect form. I started whipping her faster and
  faster, not giving her tits time to stop jiggling. I could see painful welts
  start to rise, this forced me to do it even harder. I whipped her like this
  for 5 minutes. She had welts over welts. Her huge tits were even more swollen.
  If she was a DD originally, I gave her another cup size. Her once milky mammaries
  were now black and purple, already oozing puss and had bloody steaks dripping
  onto her belly and into her fuckable cleavage.  
I got her right nipple a few times to many with the belt, and it actually
  burst open. It was so swollen, the blood forced the end to split. Seeing this
  opportunity on such a perfect piece of ass and curiosity getting the best of
  me, I put my mouth over the broken rubbery nipple and began to suck it, forcing
  my tongue deep into the torn flesh. I squeezed her tits as I did so, milking
  them, feeling the intense heat rise off of them, feeling the welts and slashes
  they endured, her innocent blood on my fingers. After a minute of working my
  tongue into her nipple, I finally felt something and began to suck on it. I
  sucked harder and harder, until I felt something kind of warm and slimy on
  my tongue. I took my mouth off of it and looked at it. A long, stringy piece
  of tit tissue was coming out of her nipple. It was about 3 inches long so far,
  yellow, and looked a lot like a worm. I figured she had plenty to spare, so
  I lowered my mouth back to it, sucked a little more, then bit it off with my
  teeth. I chewed the treat while looking at her. I always kind of wondered what
  the inside of a tit would taste like because I knew I loved the outside of
  them. It was so delicious, sweet even, with a buttery taste to it. The insides
  of her tits tasted just as good as the outside, maybe better. I looked down
  at her bleeding, severely bruised and swollen tits, her ripped nipple and realized
  how bad the damage was, but she would heal. The thought occurred to me to suck
  more tit meat out of her when she woke up, so she could see me devouring one
  of her best features.  
I got naked and took off the boxers. I took the crusty part from the night
  before and rubbed it across her face, leaving dried sperm across her freckled
  cheeks and those full red lips. I through all the blankets on the floor, drug
  her more to the center of the bed and lowered my mouth to her pussy. Her pussy
  was impressive as well. She had trimmed red hair. She had an awful nice bush
  for not wanting anybody to see it. Her lips were red, large and stuck out.
  Easily enough to suck and chew on, and more then enough to engulf a hard cock.
  I said it before, this whore was made to fuck. Like her tits, her pubic area
  and ass was as white as the day she was born. I could smell her young scent
  on her pussy, and I felt drunk. I lowered my mouth to it and began slurping
  on the estrogen filled virgin labia. I was the first lucky bastard to taste
  this pussy. I began to tongue fuck her, trying to touch her cherry with my
  tongue. I came close, but just couldn't do it. I had fun trying though. I sucked
  in those thick pussy lips and pulled them easily 2 inches from her pussy, letting
  them go, watching the elastic flesh spring back into there original juicy shape.
  I climbed on top of the sleeping, whorish beauty. Positioned my precum oozing
  cock at her sacred, juicy entrance. I had my head positioned at her opening,
  my precum dripping into her pussy. I lowered my mouth to hers and began to
  kiss her as I prepared to break and take her cherry from her, ruining her forever.
  My cock was harder then it had ever been. I had a hand on her tit and was using
  the other to hold me up just a bit. I looked at her face, her closed eyes.
  Though she had a little feeling of pain across that gorgeous face, and maybe
  a few tears at the corner of her eyes, she didn't really know what was happening,
  and she surely wasn't screaming or begging me not to do what I was just about
  ready to, what I spent all night thinking about.  
It just didn't feel right. I want her to look up at me with those crystal
  blue eyes as I take her cherry, her precious virginity. I want her to feel
  her virgin blood drench my cock, making it slippery so I can fuck her even
  harder and deeper without feeling like my skin is being ripped off. I want
  her to feel my precum dripping inside her unprotected pussy. I want her to
  feel and hear me grunt, tense, and spatter her pretty pink pussy with my baby
  making seed, my dirty evil slimy cum! I want to see the look on her face as
  I look down at her as I continue to cum in her, deep in her, as she feels my
  cock twitch inside her cunt as I slowly pump her womb, turning her into a whore
  of a girl. I want to feel that sensation as her pussy does what it was meant
  to do, masturbate my cock when I start to cum. You know that feeling, every
  bitch does it. As you start to cum, instinctively her pussy starts to contract
  and grip your cock milking every hot drop of cum out of your balls and helping
  to take that sperm deep into her body, to her eggs. I want to see that moment
  in her eyes, her face, when she breaks, when her spirit is crushed. That look
  of complete pain and degradation in those crystal blue eyes, as they get watery
  from the tears and shame, her cheeks flushed, and her mouth, with those perfectly
  full lips half open as to scream, but not saying anything as I look down at
  her, smiling, emptying myself into her body. How can I deny myself that?  
I was on the verge of cumming as it was. I took my slippery cock head an
  inch away from her pussy, feeling that little tear as the two tissues tore
  away from each other, stroked my cock just a little, wondering what I should
  do. I immediately focused on those tits again. They were perfect, not nearly
  as smooth as 15 minutes earlier, or as milky, but still perfect. I sat on her
  stomach and positioned my oozing cock at the under entrance of her titty fuck
  tunnel. I kept my cock held close to her tight skin and began to push into
  her soft mammary entrance. She was still bleeding, so it made the perfect lubricant
  for my cock to fuck titties with. Her tits were so tight together, I never
  even had to grab the sides to make the tunnel grip more. Her perfect tits massaged
  my cock just as they were, and the heat coming off them made it even that more
  intense. At first I moved slow, just enjoying the sensation of that hot, soft
  flesh around my cock. Her tits were so big, even on full thrust, my cock couldn't
  pop out the other side. My finger was tracing an exceptionally long and deep
  slash across her right tit as I fucked tits slowly. I looked down at the whore,
  my prize, and all I had to do was let her in. She made it so fucking easy.
  This time, I grabbed the top of her tits, squeezing them, watching the soft
  meat conform around my fingers, her torn nipple oozing a bloody, yellowish
  fluid. I started to fuck her harder and harder, getting ready to cum. I watched
  her tits bounce as I increased the rhythm, even holding the tops of her tits,
  she had plenty more tissue to bounce. I could feel my balls tighten and twitch.
  Oh fuck yessssss, I was getting ready, so ready. I was fucking the most perfect
  pair of tits in the world, and I was about ready to cum. I pulled out of the
  hot tunnel, and started to cum with a satisfying, deep moan. First one thick
  jet, 2, 3, it fucking just kept cumming. I was covering her cut tits, I knew
  the salty cum would burn her open wounds, but didn't care. I even made sure
  to cover her split nipple. I few slimy jets went across her lips, dripping
  inside her mouth, and one up her nostril. After what seemed the most intense
  cum anybody could ever of had, I collapsed beside her. I looked at her, took
  my finger to her face, and began to scoop the thick, white fluid off her lips
  and nose, and put it in her mouth. After a minute, she started to choke, but
  then swallowed instinctively, sending the protein into her belly. It was a
  taste she'd become very used to. Around 8:00, we left and went to a rest stop
  about half an hour down the road. I went in, got cleaned up, and brought a
  bowl of water back to the rig. I mixed a salt solution in with the water, and
  dipped each tit into it. She actually muttered a painful sob in her sleep,
  but I continued to dip her tits into it, squeezing them, making sure the salt
  water got deep into her lacerations and welts so she wouldn't get infected
  and lose them. After I was done, the somewhat clear water was now a dark red,
  but her tits were clean. I grabbed rope from another cabinet and hog tied her.
  Her ankles and wrists were tied and was attached near her knees. She was huddled
  there, unable to move. The ropes were very tight, but she looked good like
  that. I took the cum crusted boxers and shoved them in her mouth, then took
  duct tape and wrapped it all the way around her mouth and head several times.
  Lastly, I placed her face on one of the most degrading pictures I had. It was
  once not pinned up on the wall of a blonde whore, surrounded by guys, getting
  pissed and came on, but seemingly enjoying every second of it. I wanted this
  to be the first thing she seen when she woke up. I started my rig, and took
  off, my next stop was 300 miles away and I wanted to stop and see some friends
  first. My life was good, very good!  
I hope you liked this story, the parts to follow will be her being severely
  raped and tortured by Toms friends and some girlfriends. A stop at a sex store
  to get her proper attire, and her unwilling adjustment to her place in life.
  She'll be degraded and abused, and eat plenty of cum. I think those tits might
  get a piercing too. If you want her to be snuffed, please tell me in the review
  section. Anyway, I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing
  it.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sodepraved


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





