BDSM Library - Captive




Captive
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girls encounter with a serial rapist.She was laying on her side in front of his chair, bound at the ankles and
  knees it pressed her soft, supple thighs together in the most pleasing manner,
  her hands bound tightly behind her back forced her chest out. For fifteen years
  old she was already alluring &ndash; soft, pale skin. Deep red hair and beautiful
  green eyes - but he had always been partial to smaller girls, and she was small,
  he didn't even know the poor girls name but she couldn't be more then five
  foot four inches tall and she must have been a shy one, when he had picked
  her up all her clothes had been large and baggy, but not anymore. After he'd
  drugged the poor creature and brought her to his basement apartment, he had
  to remove layers of her clothing to properly bind her now she lay helpless
  and still unconscious on the cold concrete floor in front of his chair, bra
  snug on her thrust-out, developing breasts, caste white cotton panties hiding
  the most delicious of treasures.  
It had taken long weeks of study to pick just the right time to grab her,
  just the perfect moment. Her parents were out of town for the weekend, she
  was going to study the entire time, the perfect daughter, and the perfect opportunity.
  He watched his prize for an entire hour, drinking in the beauty of his catch
  until she started to wake up, he knew what to expect, it wasn't his first time
  but it would be hers. She woke up groggily at first, he lent down and gently
  applied the tape over her mouth, brushing stands of shoulder-length red hair
  off her cheek. The contact of his hands and the slow, seeping cold of the concrete
  brought her fully awake only minutes later, she came away with a groan, he
  watched as those precious green eyes widened slowly in first confusion, then
  shock then fear. Even at fifteen or even younger the girls were quick to understand,
  she could feel the right bindings, the way the rope dug into tender skin and
  flesh, she'd heard the joked, the scare-tales and the gossip, she knew the
  situation and deep down in her gut she knew real fear for the first time. She
  was a smart girl and she knew the statistics, and her chances, they always
  say to just do as your told and you'll get out alive, but 'they' are never
  in this position.  
From her position on the floor, she could see the man above her, it was hard
  to judge his height while he was sitting, but he seemed a big man, with large
  shoulders and big hands. He was lit from behind, making his features hard to
  determine, though she could see the long blond hair, he didn't have any tattoo's
  she could see, no piercings, no rings or anything she could identify him by.
  So absorbed in the moment, the fear and the studying the girl jerked back in
  surprise as he leans closer, she can see his face now, square and shape with
  pale blue eyes. Being able to see his face as opposed to a shadowed mass is
  actually worse, she can't stop herself squirming against the ropes, feeling
  the panic build and unable to stop it. She notices a high-pitched whine, and
  realizes she is making it, far back in her throat and worse of all she can't
  make herself stop, its only pleasing him more.  
It did please him, he liked the fear in her eye, the sound she was making,
  reaching down he grasps her shoulders in his large hands and pulls her up to
  her feet, then off them. With her over his shoulder he makes his way towards
  another room, he can feel the girl's panic rising, he can feel her heartbeat
  thudding against his shoulder through her warm, soft breasts, the whine changes
  to almost a shriek. He enjoys the sounds, muffled as they are, he knows he
  must be quiet, even in the basement sound can travel to others in the building
  and it wouldn't do to have them hear anything. He regrets the need for silence,
  or at least quiet, he likes to hear them wail and howl, perhaps at a later
  date he will hear her scream. With a nudge of his foot he opens the door to
  the bedroom, a dark room, windowless and closed, the girl's fear raises notches
  as she is carried into the darkness, she can feel the room around her even
  if she can't see it. It isn't big, when the door closes it seems even smaller
  in the dark.  
Tossed to the bed, the man above her quickly pins her squirming body down
  to the mattress, she can feel how big he is, how heavy he is on her smaller
  body, she is easily restrained, bound as she is she cannot fight him. With
  a simple hand between her breasts he can hold her down and reach over to turn
  on the bedside lamp. In the small flood of light see can see the room around
  her, sparse and bare and small just as she had through, she can see him above
  her, straddling her legs with his hand on her chest, grinning like a cat with
  a new toy. She screams as his other hand reaches for her, she can't stop herself,
  she feels like she'll throw up, like she'll cry, wet herself or all three,
  but she can do none of those things, she can do nothing but stare in terror
  as the second hand slides between her back and the coolness of the mattress
  under her.  
He couldn't help but grin, and it got wider as he reached for her, he could
  read the fear in his eyes and watch it increase as he reached under her, its
  all he needed to get hard, feeling it pressing against the inside of his jeans,
  fighting for release, for freedom. He let her squirm and wear herself out as
  he releases her bound hands, ready for the flailing arms he easily recaptured
  her wrist in amidst her muffled screaming, with the same rope her hands are
  again bound together, the rope wrapped around the bars of the headboard. Taking
  his time and enjoying the fear in her eyes and the warm, squirming body under
  him he runs his hands up the girls firm, flat stomach, over soft, warm skin,
  it's a simply matter to remove her bra and free firm, pert breasts. Watching
  her eyes as his hands squeeze and rub over supple breasts and firm nipples.
  Letting her try to escape him, twisting and squirming to flee his hands.  
She couldn't believe her luck, why is it happening to her, what did she ever
  do to deserve this? To have this monster mauling her breasts, throwing her
  bra across the room with a flick of his wrist. She could feel him getting closer
  to her, pressing his body against hers as his hands rubbed and squeezed her
  breasts, she couldn't stand it, feeling sick to her stomach, she continued
  to try and get away, but she couldn't move, couldn't kick or scream, all she
  could do is stare in fear at the grin on his face.  
He enjoyed her squirming, he lent close to smell her hair, lick her ear,
  whisper against her cheek "Come her often?" he kept his voice soft, a mockery
  of flirtation "My name is Stephen, what's yours?" He didn't laugh, but it was
  in his voice. All the poor girl could do is struggle and let out muffled shouts,
  in return he moved to the other side, keeping his voice low "No? you must be
  a shy one, that's okay, I like shy girls" With a grin and a shuffle, he removes
  his hands from the luscious breasts, trailing his hands down, over her skin,
  over rounded hips and removes the ropes around her knees, with a light flick
  of the rope end against one of her nipples he tosses it away to work on her
  ankles  
It was getting worse, the dread feeling in the pit of her stomach, she couldn't
  fight him, he just held her down, this 'Stephen', this monster. As her ankles
  are free she tries to kick him, she realises her mistake too late when he grabs
  her feet and pulls them far apart, far enough she can feel the painful strain
  in her hips but worse then the pain is the exposure, it wasn't until now that
  she truly realized she was just in her panties, the realization hits home hard,
  she can feel the tears that wouldn't come earlier spring free and run hot lines
  down her cheeks.  
Looking up from his position, Stephen can see the girls head shake, the tears
  running, it made him feel good, it meant he was in fine form, something to
  be proud of. Pinning her legs together again so she can't kick him he hooks
  his fingers into the waistband of her panties, he can hear the pitch change
  in her pleading, the muffled shouts and whines reaching a new height of urgency.
  He takes his time, drawing the soft material slowly down over softer skin,
  baring her hips as he moves slowly, savoring the anticipating. Is she shaved?
  Trimmed? Au natural? It takes long moment to find out, long moments that cause
  more tears to run salty lines down his new toys cheeks, when finally all is
  revealed Stephen isn't very surprised, girls her age often shave completely
  be it out of curiosity, peer pressure or the thought it's the 'right thing',
  either way he isn't disappointed. Not an easy task to remove them with her
  legs pinned, he manages without too much kicking and after an amused look at
  the girls name sewn into the back of the panties he tosses them to his desk,
  to put with all the rest when he is done.  
Stephen leaves her then, moving to the foot of the bed to admire the few
  for a moment, with her legs free she squirms and tucks them up against her,
  his Jessica, legs together and feet tucked under her to hide herself from view.
  He never once takes his eyes off his toy as he undresses, pausing only at the
  boxers to give her a wink before they drop and free himself, finally, and much
  to his relief. Again he waits, watching her, watching her stare, watching her
  fear and growing ever more aroused.  
Jessica can only squeak when he undresses completely, can only stare as he
  exposes himself unable to believe it is happening, finding it hard to breathe.
  Cheat heaving she cannot take her eyes off the sight before her, the first
  cock she had ever seen, she didn't know if it was big or not, but it scared
  her, it looked huge, too big to possibly fit, she could almost feel her insides
  squirm at the idea. But she could only shake her head, pleading was impossible,
  fighting useless, she couldn't stop him and she was beginning to realize, with
  horror, that it was going to happen. He was going to rape her and there was
  nothing she could do to stop him. Along with the thought came a sick feeling,
  she could feel herself shaking, she could feel the tears she couldn't stop
  and all she could do is stare.  
The look in the girls eyes only make him harder, only made him want her more,
  he knew that she would be tight, maybe even a virgin, he knew also that she
  would be dry, her blood would make it easier after awhile, but he knew that
  he would need lubricant to get started, and he always came prepared. It was
  only a few short steps to the desk, into the draw and to return with the bottle.
  He made a point to turn side on so she could watch him smear a thin coat onto
  his cock, with what remained on his hands he approached her, she kicked at
  him obviously not learning from last time. As with before Stephen pinned her
  legs apart and got between her knees, what little remained of the lube he rubbed
  into her, the first contact of his hands on her smooth, bare pussy provoked
  as a squeal from her. He took his time, rubbing the tiny amount of lube left
  into his toy, spreading it over her lips, smearing it against the tight ring
  of her hole with it done he left back to stare at her, at the fear in her eyes,
  at the trembling muscles and the tears on her cheeks. He knew he would not
  last long, as excited as he was he could barely contain himself. With one hand
  firmly on her belly, and the other guiding his hard cock to her opening he
  continued to watch her face, watch her eyes widen as he came in contact, watch
  her shake her head, red hair flying. Watch those pretty green eyes fly open,
  hear the quiet, muffled scream as the head of his cock slowly parts her muscles
  and forces its way in, feel her writhe and twist under him as the head pops
  in, feeling the body jerk sharply as it enters.  
Placing his hands on the girls hips, Stephen pushes his hips forward, his
  cock sinking slowly, but constantly under the young body beneath him. He can
  no longer see the green of her eyes, clenched to tightly closed, the pain in
  his face is obvious, and only serves to drive him on, it seems like an eternity
  before the head of his cock bumps against her hymen, the membrane so soft he
  almost wouldn't have noticed had it not been for the sudden jerking of the
  body under him, the sudden, shape gasp from the girl. With a smile on his lips,
  he draws himself back, almost out of her body, he settles himself firmly, grips
  Jessica's hips tightly and with a sudden, sharp thrusts he shoves himself back
  into her, breaking the wall and plunging his cock completely into her young
  body. The reaction is instant, Jessica arches up, with a scream that almost
  worries him, her eyes wide but seeing nothing she stares straight ahead, Stephen
  almost misses it, wrapped up in the pleasure of her muscles, tight and hot
  around him, he can feel the warmth spreading, blood he knows, he stays unmoving
  to relish the feeling of her around him, her muscles spasming and fighting
  against him. Pulling himself back he can see the blood on his cock before he
  thrusts himself back into her tightness, with his hands on her hips he can
  easily push himself into her shuddering, twitching body.  
Jessica is barely able to think, she had thought the first had hurt, when
  his cock as pushed into her, making her stretch around him, she could feel
  the head of his cock pushing into her and forcing her muscles apart, then he
  started to push into her. It was the most horrible feeling she had even felt,
  the stretching, pulling feeling of her muscles, the taut feeling of muscles
  stretched to their limit around his cock. When he had touched her hymen she
  had been more surprised then hurt, she had never felt anything so deep inside
  her before that the feeling had scared her, for a moment when he pulled out
  she had actually thought he would stop, but he didn't. Instead he thrust into
  her and tore her open, more pain had she never felt before as he pushed himself
  into her, she could swear she felt herself tear inside, muscles pushed to their
  limit to early, to quickly, he was just too big for her, to big and she could
  feel every vein, every bump and groove on his cock as he pushed it into her
  again and again. She felt sick to her stomach every time he pushed the entire
  length into her body, felt a heavy pressure as his cock impaled her entirely
  and sickening sucking feeling as he pulled out.  
With his thrusts becoming more and more erratic Stephen knew that he would
  not last much longer, he never did at first but he had time to savour her,
  and there was always tomorrow, for now he just enjoyed the way her muscles
  tightened on him, the way her pussy squeezed his cock, the soft, pathetic little
  mewling sounds she made as he fucked her, her whole body moving in time with
  his thrusts. Moving his hands to grip her ass he lifted her hips, thrusting
  down at an angle into her pussy, suddenly with a last, sharp thrust and a careless
  jerk toward him Stephen empties himself into his pet, feeling her body spasm
  and jerk under him in reaction.  
As his cum splashes against her insides, Jessica feels as if she will vomit,
  and a new fear that she could drown on it due to the tape rises within her,
  but even this is unable to drown out the feeling of him thrusting into her,
  his cum filling her insides even as he pumps in and out. Suddenly, he just
  isn't there anymore, pulling out so suddenly she gasps, exhausted all she can
  do is lay there, legs spread and his cum oozing out of her stretched, abused
  pussy in a slow trickle to the bed. He doesn't as anything as he stands, he
  doesn't as anything as he leaves the room and closes the door, leaving Jessica
  alone to ponder her fate and whats in store for her next.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Catgirlgoddess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





