BDSM Library - Mummie's Hair




Mummie's Hair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bobbie can comb his Mummie's Hair, for a price!Mummie's Hair  
Robertson Russell spoke harshly in the phone. "Damn it, Giles, I want the
  Tunstall contract on my desk ASAP!" There was a frightened murmur of assent
  on the other end of the phone, and then a question. "No, I won't be there.
  I'm staying home to look after my mother. I expect you to be able to handle
  this contract. Thanks. Goodbye." Hanging up on his menial, Robertson Russell
  went to change out of his Armani suit before bringing his mother her tea.  
Bobbie knocked on his beloved Mummie's door. As he knocked, his&nbsp;Bad
  Thing&nbsp;grew stiff against the cruel metal case that Mummie insisted that
  he wear&nbsp;to lock the Bad Thing between his legs when he was not with her.
  Mummie is very strict with me, he thought. Even though I'm over twenty-one
  now, she doesn't want me corrupted by nasty young women. And they could play
  with my bad, nasty thing, because I'm weak.  
&quot;Evil Sluts are not for my boy, and they will never touch his Bad Thing.&quot; is
  Mummie's philosophy, and if Bobbie argued he could get a enema to keep his
  temper straight. Bobbie was still HER little boy. &quot;A little sissy boy,
  maybe, but mine.&quot; She was wont to tell Bobbie.  
&quot;Come in, darling, Mummie's precious voice floated out from behind the
  door, and Bobbie came in, carrying his valuable package. &quot;Sweet child,
  how are you, I've missed you this afternoon.&quot; Bobbie's Mummie turned to
  smile at him, and Bobbie could see her golden locks tied into the stern bun
  at the back of her head, Mummie's heavy breasts pushing through the thin dressing
  gown. Bobbie's Bad Thing trembled in its cruel&nbsp;prison again.&nbsp;&quot;Mummie
  had to polish all her finger and toenails tonight without her baby boy's help,
  and that made your Mummie so sad.&quot;  
Bobbie hung his head in shame, but Mummie was forgiving. This was good, because
  Mummie often made the punishment fit the crime, and she might have put nail
  polish on Bobbie's nails and then made him walk by the men playing stickball
  in the park...Mummie could be nasty at times!  
&nbsp;&quot;How is my little man.&quot; Bobbie shuffled to his Mummie in
  the tight navy short pants and high socks she made him wear around the house
  and his beloved Mummie pulled him to her scented neck and gave him a deep hug,
  the embrace pulling his face into her considederable cleavage, and his eyes
  were dazzled seeing the high breasts up close. Oh, his Bad Thing was getting
  swollen, pushing against the metal of the evil case also known as a Chastity
  Tube.  
Mummie felt that this kept Bobbie from having impure thoughts and nasty wet
  dreams...but it was quite painful for poor Bobbie, both at home, and when he
  was out among the pretty girls, secretaries in his office, college girls on
  the bus (For Mummie would never let Bobbie do anything so masculine as drive
  a car) Whenever the pretty girls flirted with Bobbie, he would flinch in pain,
  because his Bad Thing would attempt, futilely, to expand against the nasty
  Chastity Tube...Once a girl had kissed Bobbie on the cheek, and he had nearly
  keeled over!  
Bobbie breathed deeply, but felt terribly guilty&hellip;he forgot himself
  and kissed Mommie's cleavage! Her breast was so soft to his lips.&nbsp;Bobbie
  so wanted to touch his Bad Thing now.Mommie waited a moment or so while Bobbie
  kissed her breast again and again. SLAP! Shame on you, you bad boy!!&quot; Mommie
  took Bobbie's scalp in her hand and pulled it away from her breasts. &quot;You
  are a filthy, disgusting boy.&quot; Shame came over Bobbie's face, and torrents
  of tears ran down his crimson face.  
&quot;I-I'm sorry, Mommie.&quot; Mommie looked very disappointed, and her
  black eyes snapped as she stared at her perverted son. &quot;What a bad boy
  you are! What a disappointment you would be to your late father.&quot; Bobbie's
  lower lip trembled, but he forced his head up, and he tried hard not to look
  into Mummie's chest any more. This was difficult, as Mummie was toying with
  her diamond pendant, a present from Bobbie for her birthday. Her long nails,
  which had tormented his Bad Thing earlier when she'd given him a bath were
  quite alluring against her full cleavage.  
&quot;With your bad lustful attitude, I don't know how I can allow you to
  brush my hair.&quot; Mummie said angrily. &quot;I may just have to keep it
  in its bun tonight.&quot; Bobbie's tears began falling freely again...this
  was their night! The one night when Mummie took her hair out of its cruel bun,
  and he got to brush it. &quot;But look, Mummie, I had your brush re-furbished&quot; Bobbie
  said, pulling the Ivory Ladie's Hairbrush that she'd inherited from her own
  mother out. &quot;I had the old bristles that were loose replaced with new
  nylon bristles. They stitched in fresh filaments, and the wooden insert that
  the brush was filled in was warped after all these years, and deteroirating,
  and the workman forged a new insert for your brush. Please, Mummie, can I brush
  your hair, darling?&quot;  
Finally Mummie's stern look disappeared, and she smiled at her hopeful son. &quot;I
  am so proud of my boy, what a nice thing to do for your grandmother's antique
  hairbrush.&quot; she said. &quot;I'm going to give you your treat, tongiht,
  darling.&quot; With that, Mummie pulled the comb out of the back of her hair,
  releasing the long golden tendrils around her shoulders. Bending over as she
  did it, Bobbie got to see her lovely chest again, and he bent over to look
  more closely.  
Mummie seemed not to notice Bobbie's staring as she pulled the hair completely
  out of the bun. Bobbie was absolutely obsessed with the twin images of Mummie's
  hair, dropping on her shoulders like a golden waterfall, and the tumbling of
  her full breasts as she bent over. Had Bobbie seen a flash of nipple? He wondered.  
Bobbie was so mesmerized. But, all of a sudden, Mummie looked up, and there
  was her boy again, staring into her chest. SLAP! Bobbie's head bounced against
  his shoulders as Mummie's long burgundy nails raked his face. &quot;You are
  a filthy little pervert. What would your dear father say?&quot; Mummie said
  with gritted teeth. &quot;I've a good mind to deny you your treat tonight.&quot;  
Despite the pain to Bobbie's jaw, his Bad Thing was even harder, pushing
  against the little case as Bobbie gasped. Mummie had ordered him a very narrow
  little case, and it didn't permit swellings in Bobbie's Bad Thing. &quot;If
  you keep your mind on the Bible, and on heavenly things...and take a few cold
  showers a day, your Bad Thing won't hurt at all.&quot; Mummie would say. But
  his Bad Thing was now making his entire hips tremble, and Bobbie inadvertently
  touched himself. &quot;So that's it!&quot; Mummie snarled. &quot;It's your
  Bad Thing that's getting you into all this trouble.&quot;  
Suddenly Mummie's tone softened. &quot;But darling, if it hurts, here's the
  key, unlock it, and promise me you'll think of Godly things and not sick ones...remember,
  keep custody of your eyes, and don't focus them on things you shouldn't darling.&quot; Bobbie
  was always puzzled by the way Mummie's moods changed, but he was quite happy
  to run to the bathroom and take off the nasty cock tube that had been locked
  on him for some time, since the bath earlier. Mummie had been thoroughly scrubbing
  Bobbie, he'd been naked in the tub, even though he was a big boy now, and really
  should be washing himself, and Mummie was wearing a tight sweater that made
  her resemble the actress Jane Russell.  
Mummie had given Bobbie's Bad Thing a thorough washing in the bath tub earlier,
  because it had gotten so filthy in the little tube...She'd gotten hot in the
  bathroom and had taken off her tight sweater, and Bobbie had watched Mummie's
  breasts jiggle and bounce in her frilly black brasseire as she'd scrubbed and
  soaped his swollen Bad Thing. At one point, Mummie had made Bobbie stand up
  in the tub so she could shave off the naughty hair that kept growing around
  Bobbie's crotch. &quot;But Mummie...&quot; Bobbie kept protesting. &quot;I'm
  a grown man now...I'm supposed to have hair down there.&quot; and Mummie kept
  insisting in a sweet voice as her Gillette razor cut the little curlies &quot;Darling,
  you are forever a little sissy-boy...and curly-man hair isn't right down there
  for you.&quot;  
Finally, when Bobbie's crotch was bald, and Mummie had powdered it a bit
  with some white stuff, and then rubbed it with Ben Gay, she'd put him back
  in the tub to scrub his Bad Thing even more, her little white fingers with
  their burgundy nails slurping about Bobbie's long hard Bad Thing, and her nipples
  seemed to be stiffening in their frilly black bra as she worked. Mummie finally
  complained that Bobbie was splashing too much, and she removed her skirt as
  well, and then was just in her little black bra and panties, and still she
  rubbed and pulled Bobbie's Bad Thing until it was about to have a messy squirtie,
  which Bobbie knew would make Mummie very angry.  
Suddenly, Mummie had noticed Bobbie's eyes and the impure thoughts behind
  them, and she'd taken Bobbie out of the tub by his ear and had whipped him
  with her balsa wood Bath Brush as he bent over the commode, until Bobbie had
  screamed and cried. Then Mummie had made Bobbie stand in the corner in the
  hallway, stark naked, to be laughed at by the upstairs maids.  
But now Bobbie was in heaven, for Mummie was letting Bobbie brush her hair
  in long, hard strokes, like she'd taught him, getting all the kinks out of
  her precious blonde hair. Brush, brush brush...&quot;I like calling this 'Playing
  Hairdresser' eh, Bobbie?&quot; Mummie chuckled. &quot;You're just like one
  of those gay-boy beauty salon types, darling.&quot; Bobbie flushed, because
  he was a big business man downtown whenever he wasn't at home, tending to Mummie...
  but he kept brushing.&quot;Would you like that, my son? To have a gay-boy hair
  dresser poke you in your bottom, Bobbie.&quot;&nbsp;&quot;No Mummie&quot; Bobbie
  snapped. &quot;I hope you're not sassing me, dear, just because Mummie likes
  to joke with you.&quot;  
&nbsp;At some point, however, Mummie felt a hard thing poking into her back. &quot;What's
  that, Bobbie? I feel something hard in your pants.&quot; Mummie turned to look
  at the bulge in Bobbie's little navy short pants.  
"Why Bobbie&hellip;" Mummie asked, shocked. "What's that nasty bulge in your
  short pants, dearie?" Bobbie mumbled and looked at the ground. "Bobbie" Mummie
  said warningly, "You'd better make that nasty thing go away, or some little
  boy is going to be severely punished. Now you may begin brushing my hair with
  the Ivory Lady's hairbrush you had fixed." Now Bobbie was in heaven, he began
  carefully brushing Mummie's beautiful blonde hair in long, swift strokes, gently
  so he didn't tug any strands. Bobbie knew how angry Mummie could get if her
  hair was pulled!  
Bobbie stroked Mummie's soft hair with his fingers, and went on brushing
  it heavily, Mummie making soft cooing sounds about her sissy-boy. "Most boys
  aren't as dedicated as this, Bobbie&hellip;you know how to treat your Mummie.
  As Bobbie&nbsp;looked over Mummie's shoulder, he saw the swell of her generous
  breasts again, and watched her long nails toy with the precious diamond locket
  she'd given him. Bobbie brushed and brushed Mummie's glorious hair, and Mummie
  leaned back and touched Bobbie's crotch with her elbow. Yes, it was harder
  than ever!  
"Bobbie, you bad boy!" Mummie scolded. "Mummie told you what would happen
  if your Bad Thing got all hard and swollen when you were brushing Mummie's
  hair. And I just felt it poking into my elbow. Getting that excited over your
  own Mummie!" Mummie looked very angry, and Bobbie protested, "Mummie, please
  don't be angry with me." Mummie shook her head, and Bobbie watched wistfully
  as the full blonde curls danced around her shoulders.  
.  
"Now give Mummie the Ivory Handled Lady's Brush, and take down your little
  short pants&hellip; Mummie must correct you now." Bobbie was terrified. It
  was only an hour since his last whipping, after his Bad Thing had expanded
  in the bathroom. His heart racing, Bobbie tried to&nbsp;talk Mummie out of
  being angry. "Please oh, please don't punish me, Mummie" he protested. "We
  are having such a good, nice evening here."  
&nbsp;Tears smarted in Bobbie's eyes, and Mummie smiled cruelly as she saw
  a couple streaking down his cheeks. "What a sissy boy you are, Bobbie! How
  ashamed Mummie is to have a big boy past the age of twenty-one who can't even
  control himself! A good beating will cure all that." Mummie looked implacable,
  and took the Ivory Lady's Hairbrush away from Bobbie.  
"Now take down your pants, Bobbie, you bad sissy-boy." Mummie said reprovingly. "I
  should invite the children in from the street, particularly the girls you like,
  to watch your chastisement, Bobbie."  
Bobbie's lower lip began trembling like&nbsp;it never had before, but he
  sighed deeply, seeing his Mummie's&nbsp;scornful dark eyes, and slowly undid
  one pants-button. Mummie snorted with scorn and pulled her reluctant son to
  her and ripped the short pants open, dragging them down, and then Bobbie's
  underpants as well. Then Mummie grabbed Bobbie by the ear and threw him over
  her lap, exposing his bare bottom.  
"Mummie regrets that she must punish her naughty boy." Bobbie's Bad Thing
  was just as hard as it had been, pushing against Mummie's knees, and hearing
  her voice from above his head, didn't seem to comfort him much at all. How
  horrible it was to have to lay across his mother's lap, a grown man, with his
  underpants and shorts down, like a child!  
"Are you ready, here it comes!" Oh please don't hit me Mummie, Bobbie thoughtl.
  Oh, I mustn't cry. WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK The Ivory Lady's
  Hairbrush felt like a tennis racket whacking Bobbie's bare bottom again and
  again.  
&nbsp;Bobbie tried hard not to make a noise but it was so difficult! After
  the thirtieth swat on his unprotected cheeks, Bobbie began to weep. "Oh, please,
  Mummie, please don't hit me anymore." Bobbie wailed. "I won't get hard any
  more..my penis will be good." Mummie screamed. "You filthy boy.!&nbsp;How dare
  you use that word for your Bad Thing in this house!" Mummie pushed Bobbie off
  her lap. "You're going to have to get a bigger brush now!"  
Bobbie sighed and stood up, his pants clogged around his ankles. "Go get
  me the Travel Size rectangular cherrywood clothes brush." Mummie ordered.  
&nbsp;"Usually, I would just whip you with the tortoiseshell hairbrush, which
  is bigger than the Lady's Ivory, but you've been such a filthy boy. And look
  at that disgusting Bad Thing!" Bobbie's Bad Thing was poking out and wobbling
  as Bobbie went to get the large Cherrywood Clothes Brush. Once he had returned
  with the two foot brush, Mummie stood up and pointed a dark red nail at the
  bed. "Bend over that bed, Sir." Bobbie, in defeat, bent over the bed.  
It was almost too much for Bobbie, he squirmed as he thought of it, a grown
  man, baring his bottom for his Mummie. &quot;How ashamed WHACK you should WHACK
  be, my pitiful WHACK child. &quot;Mummie screamed, flailing the brush, as if
  she could read his thoughts &quot;The day is not over, and you have had several
  bare bottom chastisements...and you a grown man. What would your secretary
  at the office think?&quot;  
Bobbie's cheeks burned at the thought of Miss Nillson, his bored-looking
  secretary, with her long legs and the pert breasts pushing out her little blue
  sweater, knowing how his Mummie chastised him for little matters. Miss Nillson
  knew that Bobbie was a submissive little thing, and not long after he'd hired
  her, Miss Nillson had Bobbie running out to get her coffee and lunch, and more
  than once he'd been forced to polish her high heels when she'd been getting
  ready for&nbsp;a breakfast meeting.  
He was always worried that Mummie would come to the office and take his pants
  and undies down right in front of Miss Nillson and spank his naughty bottom...the
  secretary would probably toss her red hair and assist! Already, she called
  him &quot;Bobbie&quot; while he called her &quot;Miss Nillson&quot; still.
  Sometimes Bobbie would stare at her little blue and pink sweaters, the way
  Miss Nillson breathed in and out, and when he'd get home, Mummie would notice
  the chastity tube was unusually contorted, and then would come an even more
  vicious whipping. For Mummie didn't want her Bobbie getting any bad ideas!  
Already Miss Nillson had learned that she could fuss at Bobbie if he brought
  her too much dictation, and slap his face when he botched up the files. Just
  lightly, of course. Mummie would often call and have long talks with Miss Nillson,
  and Bobbie didn't know what they were about, except that Miss Nillson would
  giggle as she looked over at her blushing boss. It was quite odd that her employer
  would have to go home for lunch every day and often when he came back he was
  holding his bottom!  
Now Mummie's clothes brush landed again and again across Bobbie's rear, and
  it felt as if she'd pressed it with an iron. WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK &quot;Everyone
  thinks Bobbie is such a good boy to live with his widowed Mummie, and support
  her...what would they think if they knew, Bobbie, WHACK that I haveWHACK WHACK
  to diaper you for bedwetting, spank your nasty bottom all the time, and punish
  you for not eating your beets? You are lucky I didn't make you eat soap for
  using the nasty word &quot;Penis&quot; I'm just giving you a little spanking
  now.&quot;  
It wasn't nearly as bad as when Mummie had Bobbie memorizing his Bible verses...he
  would miss just one and she would bring out the dreaded twelve inch long five
  inch thick Oak Paddle, the one with the holes and give him five swipes for
  every word missed...and there were so many of them!  
Mummie's aim was incredible, Bobbie thought. She knew just where the most
  vulnerable parts of Bobbie's bottom were, and she could find them with deadly
  accuracy. She knew that the tender part just under Bobbie's buttocks were of
  especial sensitivity, and oooh, could she land the clothes brush there with
  a nasty, vicious slam. &quot;I punish you just like I did your Daddy&quot; Mummie
  would tell Bobbie, and he never quite knew what that meant!  
Oh, how it hurt. WHACK WHACK Mummie's clothes brush was vicious and repeating,
  and Bobbie bit into the bedspread to keep from screaming. &quot;Why can't you
  learn WHACK WHACK WHACK to be a WHACK WHACK WHACK big grown boy WHACK WHACK
  so Mummie could let you WHACK WHACK WHACK stay up after eight o'clock at night,
  and date women and have a normal life...are you crying, darling...is my Wimpie
  crying?&quot; Bobbie tried hard to keep biting into the bedspread.  
&nbsp;He knew that Mummie didn't want him to be a wimpie boy, and if Bobbie
  made too many noises during his beating, he knew from bitter experience that
  M ummie would make him wear a little girl's ballerina frilly dress and Mary
  Janes and eyeshadow and hblush and have him walk down the street while the
  other little boys laughed at him...this had always been a good punishment,
  and had effectively kept him from making friends that would keep him apart
  from his Mummie.  
This was why Bobbie had to be home from the office at a certain time, and
  sign in on the chart that Mummie kept in the kitchen. He'd tried being late
  once or twice to have a drink with the boys or stop to pet a dog, and Mummie
  had taken him right out in the back yard and made him scream, her cruel switch
  landing again and again on his bright red buttocks. Oh, how hard it was to
  please his Mummie! Bobbie also had to register every time he had a bowel movement,
  and Mummie would give him enemas accordingly. She wanted her little boy to
  be &quot;regular&quot;  
Finally Bobbie's mouth let go of the spread as a particulalrly nasty slam
  from the clothes brush hit the tender spot just under his thigh. &quot;Ah,
  now the birds begin to sing&quot; Mummie said brightlly, as she continued Bobbie's
  eternal flagellation.As Bobbie continued to howl, Mummie said calmly, &quot;Scream
  WHACK WHACK all you like WHACK darling...I knew you would start up...but these
  WHACK WHACK wails of little-girl anguish WHACK WHACK won't affect WHACK Mummie,
  she needs WHACK WHACK to encourage her WHACK WHACK cherub to stop WHACK WHACK
  his nasty behavior. WHACK This hurts me WHACK more than it hurts you, my dear.&quot;  
But Bobbie could hear the excitement in Mummie's voice as the brush fell
  again and again on his scorched bare buttocks. He knew that Mummie was having
  quite the good time. At one point, Bobbie's Bad Thing fell between his jouncing
  legs, and Mummie eagerly whacked that with the brush end, and Bobbie screamed
  loudly, and he could hear Mummie snorting  
Poor Bobbie also knew that Mummie could be even stricter, she had to be with
  her recalcitrant boy. She might decide to whip his Bad Thing excessively. Mummie
  would tie her naked boy spread eagled onto the bed, on his back and get a thorn
  branch from outside and thrash Bobbie's Bad Thing til he screamed, the thorns
  sticking in various parts of his savaged penis. Mummie had done it when she'd
  found one of Bobbie's nasty girlie books, or if she'd seen one of his handkerchiefs
  with evil white Bad Thing spillage stains.  
As Mummie would thrash the Bad Thing's tip again and again, she'd say &quot;Your
  Bad Thing needs to be kept under control, and what better control than a little
  pain, darling?&quot; Finally Bobbie had gotten the chastity tube locked by
  Mummie..and he had to wear it wherever he went, except during the times Mummie
  was bathing him, or cleaning his Bad Thing with baby oil, her long fingers
  with their burgundy nails slurping and slipping all over his tortured Bad Thing,
  as the veins bulged in it with Mummie massaging it, giving him warning glances. &quot;You
  are supposed to use this Bad Thing for pee-pee only, just big boys can have
  adventures with it, dear.&quot; And Bobbie would cry in frustration!  
But Mummie knew that Bobbie loved to rub his Bad Thing, and Mummie was determined
  to break her Bobbie of the evil habit...only she was allowed to rub the Bad
  Thing, and just of course to make sure it was clean and working right. She
  would bend over working away with the baby oil until Bobbie was panting and
  gasping, trying to hold off having an accident, to keep from shooting the evil
  white stuff, though it was so difficult with Mommie's blouses with their plunging
  necklines bending over poor Bobbie. Once, when Bobbie had made a bad little
  mess, Mummie had hit it with a small rock-hammer, and another time with a razor
  strop. And the punishments were awesome when Bobbie had a nocturnal emission,
  or a wet dream during the night.  
And Mummie made sure that Bobbie wasn't trying to get with girls...if she
  caught him talking with a saleslady when they were shopping, she'd come over
  and say something like &quot;I see my little boy is bothering you, yes he looks
  all grown up,but if I were to take you into the dressing room, you'd see he
  was wearing little pink panties under that manly suit&quot; and then Bobbie
  would begin crying, big thick tears coming down his cheeks right in front of
  the amused saleslady. But Mummie knew to encourage Bobbie away from bothering
  ladies he just didn't qualify for.  
WHACK WHACK WHACK The cruel clothes-brush brought Bobbie back to the present,
  leaning as he was across the bed, getting Mummie's awful w hipping. On the
  fiftieth whack Bobbie felt a blister opened by the brush, and he began screaming
  with abandon, and Mummie's laugh was raucous as she lifted and landed the clothes
  brush and slammed it against his buttocks again and again. &quot;Did I break
  the little boy's blister?&quot;first was the tender voice and then savagely &quot;You
  deserve it, you little bastard. How dare you get these impudent thoughts about
  your Mummie. I should hire a grown man to come whip your nasty bottom.&quot; Bobbie
  was terrified at this,but his Bad Thing got even bigger at the thought of a
  man coming over to give him chastisement.  
Finally, as Bobbie was completely collapsed on the bed, his buttocks a map
  of welts and weals, and the one blister bleeding down his legs into his short
  pants, Mommie stopped. &quot;Do you want to have another chance to brush my
  hair, you bad boy?&quot; Bobbie got quite excited. Oh, that hair! &quot;Yes
  Mummie...I won't misbehave again.&quot;  
Bobbie pulled up his pants, whimpering, and picked up the Lady's Ivory Hairbrush
  and began brushing his Mummie's hair in long, firm strokes. His bottom felt
  as if it had been blown apart with buckshot, but Mummie was calm now, and he
  had the privilege of running the brush across her glorious blonde locks.  
Bobbie hoped and prayed that his Bad Thing wouldn't lose control this time,
  though he had serious doubts. Suddenly Mummie stopped Bobbie. &quot;I have
  to take off my robe, darling.&quot; she said gently. &quot;It's much too warm
  in here.&quot; Bobbie gasped. &quot;But Mummie, what about my pen-my Bad Thing?
  Aren't you worried--&quot;  
Mummie smiled grimly at Bobbie as she removed her robe. &quot;No it's Bobbie
  that will have to be worried if he gets excited. I'm your Mummie, and there
  is no call for perverted thoughts.&quot; Mummie dropped her robe, revealing
  a peach colored demibra holding up her gigantic bosom. &quot;And just so you
  won't try to hide your Bad Thing from me, take off your clothes, you evil boy!&quot;  
Bobbie took off all of his clothes, reluctantly, willing his mind not to
  think of his Mummie's beauty especially her fantastic breasts. Mummie didn't
  help, as she toyed with her brasseire, running her fingers over the nipples
  poking through the bra tips as Bobbie removed his shorts. Bobbie tried hard
  to think of baseball and the upcoming election...trash in the back yard..anything
  to take his mind off his beautiful Mummie's round honeys.  
But instantly, of course Bobbie became mesmerized by his Mummie's spectacular
  bosom.The full vanilla breasts, stuffed as they were in the little demibra
  seemed to hypnotize him. &quot;Well?&quot; Mummie asked impatiently. &quot;Aren't
  you going to brush my hair?&quot; Bobbie gulped. &quot;Yes Mummie, of course!&quot; Bobbie
  began brushing his Mummie's hair with a lot of enthusiasm.  
&quot;I hope I don't have to use the cane on you, darling&quot; Mummie said,
  as Bobbie brushed her hair, hoping against hope that his Bad Thing wouldn't
  touch her back. &quot;I love canes, though sweetheart. The one I would use
  on you&ndash;&quot; &quot;You don't have to, Mummie, I'll be a good boy.&quot; Mummie
  clucked her tongue. &quot;Don't interrupt, sweetheart. The one I'd use on you
  is the three foot six rattan, not the light and whippy one, but the one I call
  the Headmaster's cane, you know it of course.&quot; Bobbie shuddered, thinking
  of the Headmaster's cane. which Mummie also called the &quot;judicial&quot; cane.  
&quot;I could use one of those bendable canes, sweetheart, but they're so
  light, and the last one broke on your bottom, and one might bend around your
  adorable cheeks and make a damaging point, my dear.&quot; Bobbie shuddered. &quot;That's
  why I like the Headmaster's judicial cane, which is used to punish prisoners
  in Singapore and other countries...it will make you think, so you won't be
  focused so much on your own pleasure, darling.&quot;  
Bobbie remembered the last time the Judicial Cane had been hefted across
  his tender bottom, and how he'd screamed for hours, until Mummie had had to
  tie a duster in his mouth to finish the whipping without the neighbors being
  alerted.  
&quot;Then there's the birch...might that take your mind off that Bad Thing
  for a while?&quot; Bobbie's lower lip began to tremble. &quot;Please, Mummie,
  I'm trying to be a good&ndash;&quot; Mummie laughed. &quot;Enough of that,
  darling...we know how good you are.&quot; Bobbie thought of the horrible birch
  and how the bound branches had felt the last time Mummie had thrashed his bottom
  with them.  
He'd had to be tied down and his pants dropped to his knees before Mummie
  was able to swing even once, and he'd nearly ripped the ropes off the bed before
  the third lash.  
I've gathered a nice set of twigs and bound them, true it did draw a good
  deal of blood from your naughty bottom the last time we used it, we soaked
  the tips in brine...but you're such a squealy boy! But I imagine you might
  stop thinking about your Bad Thing if the birch was used right where it needs
  to be.&quot;  
&quot;But even the Birch hasn't seemed to calm your Bad Thing down. It's
  such a pity. I think the only other alternative is my Scottish Tawse.&quot; Mummie
  said thoughtfully, as Bobbie's hairbrush ran over her blonde bangs. &quot;I
  bought a new one, you know. It's twenty inches long and about two inches wide,
  and has five leather tails! Might that get your goat, my sweet boy? You must,
  MUST learn darling, that your Bad Thing is not for use in any way other than
  urination.&quot;  
Bobbie felt his Bad Thing expanding again, and he backed away slightly from
  his Mummie's back, so she might not feel it again, poking her back and elbow.
  It would help if Bobbie didn't look over his shoulder into Mummie's cleavage
  while he brushed her glorious hair,but he was only human. And Mummie had poured
  a few drops of Cologne in there! It was making Bobbie crazy! His Bad Thing
  seemed to be expanding! No! No! It can't...not now. Bobbie tried to think of
  something disgusting. Cigarette filled ashtrays....no, that only made him remember
  when his Mummie put out a Winston on his squirming Bad Thing once...and it
  turned Bobbie on!  
&quot;Darling, would you squirt a bit of Lubriderm onto my chest, please?&quot; Bobbie
  obeyed, and then Mummie shifted so her breasts were up a bit. &quot;Now rub
  it in just a little darling.&quot; Bobbie rubbed Mummie's breasts..Oh, he was
  in heaven! They were so soft, the nipples pointing out, and oh, what pleasure
  it was! &quot;That's enough!&quot; Mummie slapped Bobbie's hand as he reached
  her bra-covered nipple. &quot;Get back to your hair brushing, you little sex
  fiend.&quot; Bobbie breathed deeply and continued brushing Mummie's hair while
  Mummie tantalizingly rubbed oil into her own breasts.  
Mummie squeezed&nbsp;and massaged the oil into her beautiful breasts as Bobbie
  looked over her shoulder, combing her long tendrils again and again. &quot;They're
  sore, Bobbie. It's one of those things that happens to a girl, even of my age,
  it's a shame. Mummie rubbed them some more, and Bobbie unconsciously began
  rubbing his Bad Thing against Mummie's back, hypnotized as he was with watching
  his Mummie rub and squeeze her full breasts. &quot;What's that I feel?&quot; Mummie
  asked all of a sudden, and she turned around, and there was Bobbie's Bad Thing
  full and expanded, a long pink hotdog, it was.  
&quot;Oh, Bobbie&quot; Mummie said sadly as she looked at his precum soaked
  Bad Thing. &quot;What can I do to keep your mind pure?&quot; Bobbie's eyes
  were fixed on Mummie's full breasts now, as she'd turned her entire body around. &quot;Now
  I must punish you again, Bobbie&mdash;"  
Bobbie sighed, and burst into tears. It would be a long evening.  
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT TO BOBBIE?  
justincbenedict@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





