BDSM Library - Casablanca, An Alternate Version




Casablanca, An Alternate Version
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In this sequel to "Maquisard", our heroine Yvette plays out a fantasy based on the movie "Casablanca".Prologue:  
For the sake of our story let us
  suppose that there exists somewhere, in a region of equitable climate and tolerant
  society, a resort dedicated to enabling its members to act out their most secret,
  and sometimes their darkest, fantasies. The resort, which might be known by
  a name such as the Villa di Dolore, would undoubtedly have sufficiently spacious
  grounds to provide the necessary privacy, as well as an extensive and varied
  inventory of sets and props to accommodate whatever scenes its members might
  contemplate. It would necessarily have a small, well trained, dedicated and
  very discreet staff ensuring that the membership could enjoy a safe, sane and
  of course consensual experience.  
Casablanca, An Alternate Version   
Part 1   
It had been some months since the woman known to the other members of the
  Villa as Yvette Delaune had engaged in an adventure at the Villa di Dolore.
  And once again during those months of absence the need to live out at least
  a small part of her wonderfully developed fantasy life grew strong in her.
  Regrettably she lived more than four hundred miles from the Villa, so the opportunities
  to engage in such activities were limited. On the other hand, since her visits
  were so few they were very special and she felt no guilt about arranging for,
  as she thought of it, the full treatment. It was for her a special treat like
  an occasional visit to a fancy spa would be to her friends, none of whom had
  the faintest clue as to what she was up to.  
As usual, she floated the usual cover story to parents, softball team and
  the friend who was dropping by to feed and pet the cat. She was flying out
  for one of her occasional visits to an old college friend. She kept it low
  key, not making a big deal out of it and fortunately no one ever wondered why
  the friend never came to visit or asked for details of her trips.  
Yvette took Friday off from work and caught a flight timed to arrive at dusk.
  It helped the transition from reality to fantasy to make the final leg of the
  journey in darkness. A driver from the Villa was dutifully present at the gate
  holding a sign neatly lettered "Ms. Delaune". Though they knew each other by
  sight, from previous visits, he greeted her with the expected phrase and she
  made the correct response. It was a procedure followed religiously to prevent
  the slightest possibility of someone else named Delaune being collected by
  accident and causing an embarrassing situation.  
The driver led her to baggage claim where he gathered her single bag, then
  to the car to begin the two hour drive to the country. At the Villa she checked
  into a single room and settled in for a solitary evening, a common and recommended
  procedure for those embarking on a scene that requires putting one's mind in
  a different era. She ordered a simple French bistro style dinner with a good
  wine to be sent up and settled back to read one of her favorite espionage novels.  
Yvette had a slightly different take on such books, and movies as well, than
  most of her friends. Where the average person wondered how the heroine was
  going to escape from the threat of death or torture, Yvette wondered what would
  happen if she didn't escape. In the movie "The English Patient" she picked
  up on a minor character, one many might have forgotten about a minute after
  her two brief appearances. David Caravaggio's girlfriend, the one the Germans
  forced to identify him. She'd obviously been tortured, forced to cooperate,
  to betray her boyfriend. Long after the movie was over Yvette wondered just
  what they'd done to her. She formed some fairly elaborate late night, under
  the covers fantasies with herself in the starring role of Caravaggio's girlfriend
  in the hands of the cruel Germans. It was quite stimulating imagining herself
  helpless at the hands of the brutal German interrogators. What would they do
  to make her talk, she wondered.  
The seeds of her new adventure had been planted one night when she played
  a video of "Casablanca" for the umpteenth time. She was particularly fond of
  tales of World War II and the French Resistance and anything related to it.
  As she watched the movie she couldn't help wondering what would have happened
  if the Gestapo had hauled in Ilsa, Ingrid Bergman's character, and tried to
  force her to tell them what Victor Laslo was up to. It seemed quite obvious
  to her. Here's this woman traveling with a known Resistance worker. Not only
  that, she was known to have consorted with that disreputable American, Rick
  Blaine. If Rick wasn't a prime suspect for being an enemy agent, who was? It
  was inconceivable that it wouldn't occur to the Gestapo to bring her in and
  try to make her talk.  
So she had called the Planners at the Villa, explained the premise of her
  fantasy and made arrangements for a visit. The Planners were very familiar
  with Yvette's particular requirements. Plans were quickly finalized.  
 The early morning was spent with a very light breakfast, then the necessary
  preparations. She showered and shaved, legs, underarms, her pubic area. Then
  she dressed in the clothing the prop department had provided, silk panties,
  bra, stockings with garter belt, a light cotton sun dress that buttoned all
  the way down the front. A light, wide brimmed hat suitable for touring the
  Moroccan city of Casablanca. A stylish leather handbag and sensible shoes completed
  the outfit. All very '40's in style. Then she waited. There came a light knock
  on the door. The Handler announced himself. She rose and let him in.  
"Ready?" the Handler asked.  
Yvette nodded. The Handler gently strapped a leather collar around her neck
  and attached a short leash. He led her from the apartment, down several hallways
  and then down the central stairway to the main lobby. There he stopped her.  
 A handful of other guests and staff, seeing a scene about to start, paused
  to unobtrusively watch.  
"Your scene is about to begin," The Handler whispered in her ear. "Do you
  wish to continue?"  
She nodded assent.  
"Very well," the Handler continued. &quot;Remember your safe word, and the
  secret the Gestapo wish to wring out of you, is the phrase 'Play it again,
  Sam'. Repeat it after me, please."  
"Play it again, Sam," Yvette said, suppressing a smile and a giggle.  
 "Very good. Now, from this moment you are not Yvette, you are Ilsa. You
  are in Morocco, controlled by the Vichy government of France. But the Gestapo
  is here, too, and they really call the shots. The French are merely puppets.
  And the Gestapo have come to arrest you. They are about to put you in their
  car and drive you to their headquarters where you will be interrogated."  
Yvette heard footsteps on the marble floor of the lobby as the Handler removed
  the collar. She turned to see two men approaching. One was large and rather
  burly looking, in German uniform, the dreaded black uniform of the SS. The
  other man was smaller, dressed in the khaki uniform and kepi of the French
  colonial police. He had a dapper little mustache. They stepped smartly, almost
  as if marching. The one in the French uniform stopped directly in front of
  her, the German off to one side.  
"Pardon, mademoiselle," the French officer said. "But our German colleagues
  would like to have a word with you at their offices. Please come along with
  us."  
The German cleared his throat, ostentatiously. The Frenchman gave his best
  Gallic shrug.  
 "But of course, we must search you before we depart."  
The German rudely grabbed Ilsa's purse. He rummaged around in it. He brought
  out a small pistol, a Mauser Hsc. He held it up for the Frenchman to see.  
"But of course you have a permit for this?" he asked, apologetically. "Casablanca
  is a dangerous city these days." That was directed at the German, who responded
  with a frown.  
Ilsa shook her head in the negative. She wasn't certain what the prop people
  had put in her purse, but she was fairly certain a pistol permit was not in
  there. A small crowd had begun to assemble, members and guests of the Villa
  and a few employees, watching the scene develop.  
The German handed the pistol and handbag to the Frenchman and nodded him
  out of the way. The he took position in front of Ilsa.  
His strong hands gripped her arms and raised them to shoulder level. Then
  he quickly frisked her, spending a little more time than necessary around her
  chest and her inner thighs. Then her arms were lowered and her wrists gathered
  together behind her and handcuffs snapped onto them. There was a brief pause
  while he stepped back in front of her. He grasped the lapels of her dress and
  pulled. In a series of sharp jerks the buttons holding her dress closed were
  ripped off and the dress fell open, revealing her under things to the world.
  The German's fingers worked their way into the cups of her bra, then pulled
  the cups down. Yvette's breasts were small, nearly perfect little hemispheres,
  what once were referred to as champagne breasts in the days when champagne
  was served in wide, shallow glasses. The elastic of the bra, pushing up from
  beneath, made them stand out more than they normally would have.  
The German then stepped to one side of her while the Frenchman moved to the
  other. A strong hand grasped each of her upper arms and she was walked, thus
  partially exposed, out the front door of the Villa and down the stone steps.  
At the foot of the steps a black vintage Renault waited. The French officer
  opened the door to the back seat and slid in place. The German then helped
  Ilsa in before sliding in beside her and closing the door. As the vehicle started
  to move the German picked up a black cloth sack and slipped it over Ilsa's
  head.  
Deprived of sight, Ilsa could only guess at where they were taking her. She
  felt the car accelerate, turn, decelerate several times. There were a number
  of long stretches with no apparent turns. She wondered if they'd left the grounds
  of the Villa and she was being paraded, breasts exposed, through the neighboring
  countryside. She felt the car slow again, felt the turning forces as it made
  a right hand turn.  
She heard the car wheels grinding their way over a gravel drive, felt the
  vehicle slow to a stop. The door to her right opened. She felt slightly cooler
  air flow over her exposed skin.  
Then she was being pulled from the car and helped to her feet. The strong
  hands maintained a firm grip on her right arm as they paused. Then a hand grasped
  her left arm and she was being walked forward.  
"Careful of the steps," a voice said quietly. She felt tentatively with her
  feet, finding each step. Then they were walking her briskly again. The change
  in tone of their footsteps told her they had entered a building, walking on
  carpet. Hushed comments, other footsteps told her they were passing other people.
  No doubt they were looking at her, leering at her as she was paraded half naked
  past them.  
They made several turns. Then they made a sharp right turn and suddenly she
  was halted. Her escorts stopped so suddenly she almost pitched forwards.  
Then the hands were released. She heard footsteps retreating, a door closing.
  She was left standing, the hood over her head, wrists manacled behind her back.
  Her ears strained to hear sounds, hints of where she might be, and if she was
  alone. Several times she thought she heard something, the rustle of clothing,
  the scuff of a shoe against linoleum. But she couldn't be sure.  
Then she heard footsteps behind her. She hadn't heard the door again, so
  someone must have been in the room with her. The hood was whisked away. She
  blinked at the light and looked around her. She was in a fairly nondescript
  office. The furniture, she noted, was all wood, wood desks and filing cabinets,
  as they might have been in the '40's. And she was not alone.  
The two men who had brought her were gone. In their place was an older, slightly
  paunchy, slightly graying man in a '40's style civilian suit. Standing off
  to one side was a thin, tall, older, very severe looking woman in a simple
  black skirt and jacket that might have been some sort of uniform. A younger
  man, early twenties she guessed, in the black uniform of the SS, stood well
  off to the other side. He was blonde and quite handsome, Ilsa thought.  
Well, Ilsa," the older man said, with just the slightest trace of a German
  accent. "It's so nice to finally meet you. I've heard so much about you. From
  our agents and informers of course. Now, why don't we make this easy on everyone
  and you tell us everything you know about what Victor Laslo is up to. And while
  you're about it, you can also tell us about your friend Rick Blaine and his
  little friends in that laughable excuse for an American spy network."  
He waited, an expectant look on his face. Ilsa tried to imagine what kind
  of expression a defiant Ingrid Bergman would put on and tried to duplicate
  it.  
"No?" the man asked. He brought one hand up under his chin, bringing the
  other arm across his body to support the elbow. He looked at Ilsa, pensively,
  then made a small motion to the others.  
Immediately the younger man stepped behind Ilsa and grabbed her upper arms.
  The woman knelt down to one side, to make it hard for Ilsa to kick at her Ilsa
  realized, and first removed Ilsa's shoes, then her stockings. The sun dress
  was slid back down Ilsa's arms as far as the handcuffs allowed. The bra was
  unhooked and pulled up over her head so it, too could be slid back to join
  the dress. One side of the handcuffs was unlocked, the man and woman working
  together to keep control of both Ilsa's arms as the dress and bra were slipped
  off that arm. The handcuff was snapped back in place before the procedure was
  repeated with the other arm.  
Garter belt and panties came next and Ilsa was standing completely naked
  but for the handcuffs. But there was more humiliation coming. The woman forced
  her to open her mouth so she could check it for hidden things, microfilm or
  cyanide capsules. Her ears and nose were given an uncomfortably close inspection,
  her hair combed out. The search moved downward. Underarms inspected, legs spread.
  She was bent over forwards for a body cavity search, which disgusted her even
  more than she expected it would.  
At last she was standing upright again before the older man, who'd been watching
  the proceedings with barely concealed amusement.  
"One more time I will ask," he said quietly. "Will you cooperate and spare
  us the necessity of making your life a misery?"  
Ilsa remained silent and tried to look defiant, which was difficult after
  having had gloved fingers intruding into her most private places.  
 "Very well," the man said, coming very close to her face. "You realize,
  Ilsa, we have ways of making you talk."  
 Ilsa almost cracked up at the cliche, but managed with some difficulty to
  keep a straight face. The man was a good actor. He showed no trace of humor,
  but stared her straight in the eye. He stood there for nearly a minute. Ilsa
  found it very unnerving. Then he stepped back and turned to his assistants.  
"Very well. Take her to the meditation room, where she may ponder her decision," the
  man said.  
"Yavowl, Mein Herr," the severe looking woman said, clicking her heels. She
  stepped behind Ilsa and slipped the hood over her head again. Then Ilsa was
  turned around. She heard the door open as hands again grasped her arms at the
  biceps. They led her out into the hallway again, only this time she was completely
  naked, even the sparse cover of her pubic hair, which she'd shaved that morning,
  gone.  
 They moved briskly along the hallway, turning every now and then, Ilsa's
  bare feet padding along at a slightly quicker pace than the slapping leather
  of her escorts' boots. Again Ilsa had the sensation of people watching her,
  of her being paraded naked before strangers. She thought she heard voices,
  muffled laughter.  
They turned and descended a flight of stairs. Then a second flight. This
  second flight was bare metal and at the base the floor, became bare, slightly
  rough concrete. One more turn, the sound of a door opening, metal by the sound
  of it, and they entered a room. The door closed with a metallic ring.  
To be continued....  
Copyright 2005 by von Hentzau. Permission is granted to copy for personal
  use only providing all disclaimers and copyright notices are retained. This
  work may not be reproduced or distributed in any form in any media without
  permission of the author.  


Casablanca, An Alternate Version   
Part II   
She was walked forward a few steps then turned and walked forward a few more
  steps. The handcuffs were removed and her arms were being raised and stretched
  out in front of her. She felt her hands encounter a rough surface. Brick, she
  thought. Without being told to she spread her fingers and placed her palms
  against the brick wall. She felt cuffs, leather by the feel, being strapped
  around her wrists. When her escorts' hands were removed she tested her bonds.
  The cuffs were fastened to the wall by no more than one or two links of chain.  
Now her escorts' attention turned to Ilsa's legs. Each ankle was grasped
  by a pair of hands. She was forced to take several short steps backwards, then
  move her feet outward until they were somewhat more than shoulder width apart.
  Cuffs were strapped around her ankles. Ilsa was left in a standing, spread
  position, leaning against the wall.  
 There was a small noise behind her, the sound of something being moved.
  Then she felt a slight rush of air between her legs. It stopped. Momentarily
  it brushed by her again. An oscillating fan, she thought. How clever of them.
  It was obviously not for her comfort, because it was already a bit too cool
  in this basement room for her comfort. The intermittent flow of air between
  her legs was a reminder of how exposed and vulnerable she was.  
She heard the scuffling of footsteps on the concrete floor behind her. Then
  there was a click and a flash of light that was just visible through the open
  bottom of the hood. Someone was taking pictures. The sound of a camera being
  wound filtered through the hood and then another click-flash. And another sound,
  not heard much anymore, the crinkly sound of a flash bulb. Whoever was taking
  the pictures was using an old-fashioned flash camera. They took several more
  shots, then there was silence again.  
The first blow came as surprise, with only the lightest of whirring sounds
  to alert her. It caught her on the buttocks, raking across the top of each
  fleshy mound. She yelped, more from surprise than from pain. It wasn't a particularly
  hard blow, more of a quick swipe. She braced herself for the next blow.  
And she waited. And she waited. And waited some more. The anticipated whizzing
  sound followed by the sting did not come. She started to relax.  
And then it came. Without warning. Ilsa jerked forward as something bit into
  her right at the sensitive fold where left buttock met upper thigh. She deduced
  immediately what their plan was. They would play on her nerves, keeping her
  in a state of anticipation. Instead of a straightforward flogging they would
  deliver randomly timed blows, so that she could never anticipate and prepare
  for them.  
And a devilish plan it was. Ilsa, in her usual persona as Yvette Delaune,
  Captured Resistance Fighter and Spy, had been flogged before, sometimes rather
  severely. But this nasty little variation frazzled her more than those earlier
  ordeals.  
She tried to distract herself by counting between strokes, setting her mind
  to trying to establish a pattern. But there was no pattern. A stroke would
  land on one buttock of the other, or on her shoulder blades, the small of the
  back. Sometimes on upper thigh or calf. Occasionally straight up between her
  legs. And they seemed to be using different implements, riding crops and leather
  straps interspersed with perhaps a rattan cane and some sort of particularly
  vicious little whip with a painful bite to it. Oddly enough, the variety of
  implements helped her endure the punishment. She played a little game inside
  her head, guessing what had been used for each stroke and keeping count.  
But even the little tricks she'd learned to increased her endurance began
  to lose their effectiveness as what seemed to be hours dragged by. Ilsa began
  to fear that she would soon receive that final stroke that would prove too
  much for her. She would be extremely embarrassed to have to end the scene so
  soon, but it was looming as a definite possibility.  
Then Ilsa heard the sounds of footsteps, someone entering the room, followed
  by quiet words. Her ankles were unfastened, then her wrists, and she was helped
  to stand upright. She nearly collapsed but hands caught her under the arms
  and supported her. As soon as she had her feet her wrists were taken behind
  her back and tied.  
Hands grasped her upper arms and she was being walked again. Back through
  the door she had entered by she thought. Her bare feet padded along cold concrete,
  then up a flight of stairs, the metal steps even colder and the non-slip pattern
  of the surface hard on her soles. Then through another door and down a hallway.
  Again she had the feeling she was being paraded naked before strangers.  
They paused briefly. Ilsa heard the faint sound of a door opening, then they
  entered. After the chill of the basement the room was comfortably warm. She
  felt herself being forced to sit, on a hard wooden chair she thought. Her wrists
  were untied and her arms taken behind the straight back of the chair. Her wrists
  were strapped into leather cuffs. Then her legs were spread so that her ankles
  could be strapped into leather cuffs fastened to the chair legs. Leather straps
  were then tied around her legs below the knee and also fastened to the chair
  legs, keeping her legs apart. Not a good sign, she thought.  
The hood was removed. Ilsa blimked at the light, then looked around the room.
  It was the same room where she had been stripped and inspected. The same older
  man was standing, looking at her.  
"My apologies, fraulein," he said, trying to sound avuncular. "I was so excited
  to meet you that I entirely forgot my manners and failed to introduce myself.
  I am Major Strasser." He used the German pronunciation of the 'J' so it came
  out as 'mai-yor'.  
"You see, Ilsa, we've been watching you for a long time. We know you're intimate
  with Victor Laslo. We know Victor works for the so-called Resistance. We also
  know that you were once close friends with Rick Blaine, who is now posing as
  a small time restaurant and casino owner here in Casablanca. A flimsy cover
  for one who is so obviously an American agent, don't you agree?  
"And the three of you together here now. How convenient. How sweet. Just
  like old times, eh?"  
Major Strasser paused and strokedhis chin, eyes boring into Ilsa  
.  
"Tell me what Mr.Rick is cooking up in his restaurant, Ilsa," he said, his
  voice commanding, full of threat.  
Ilsa looked up at him, trying her best to put on an innocent, confused face,
  trying to look like Ingrid Bergman, playing Ilsa, would look in this situation.
  Major Strasser looked intently at her for a few long moments, then turned and
  took a few steps away. He turned again to look at her, his face now changed,
  pleasant again.  
"But tell me, Fraulein Ilsa, do you like hard boiled eggs?" Major Strasser
  asked. "I'm quite fond of them myself. In fact, I have one just about ready."  
He walked across the room. Ilsa followed him with her eyes, wondering what
  he was up to.  
A sideboard stood against the wall to Ilsa's left. A hotplate sat on the
  sideboard, a small saucepan on top it. Major Strasser went to the sideboard.
  He picked up a pair of tongs and fished around for a moment, then withdrew
  an egg. Picking up a tea towel from the sideboard he transferred the egg to
  the towel. He put the tongs down and touched the egg with a tentative finger.  
"Yes, I believe this one is quite ready," he said brightly. "Amazing how
  hot they get. And how long they hold their heat."  
He returned to Ilsa, stopping directly in front of her.  
"Well, Ilsa, since you don't feel inclined to engage in conversation perhaps
  you'd like to join me in a hard boiled egg. Eh?"  
He held the egg up, cradled in the tea towel, for her to see.  
"So, Ilsa, one more time. What can you tell us about Victor Laslo and your
  friend Rick?"  
"Nothing," Ilsa said quietly, hoping her apprehension at what the Major was
  about to do didn't show in her voice. "I can tell you nothing."  
"Very well, Ilsa," Major Strasser said. "As the French say, bon appetit."  
Ilsa suddenly realized what the Major was up to. She remembered reading once
  that a torture the infamous Black and Tans practiced on Irish rebels was to
  place a hot hard boiled egg under an armpit. But it wasn't Ilsa's armpit the
  Major was going for. Her pulse quickened as he reached for her crotch.  
Deftly the Major slipped the egg between Ilsa's thighs, pushing it back in
  so that it pressed against her labia. Ilsa whined and struggled to push upwards
  against her bonds to escape the heat.  
"Franz," the Major said to the man in the SS uniform, "I don't think she's
  fully enjoying her treat. Why don't you help her."  
"Certainly, Herr Major," Franz said.  
He picked up a pillow and stuffed it between the small of Ilsa's back and
  the back of the chair. This forced her belly forward and, with her legs bound
  in place, forced her to rotate her hips so that her pussy was more fully in
  contact with the egg. Tears began streaming down Ilsa's face as she wiggled
  and squirmed in a futile effort to escape the heat.  
When the Major decided that the egg had cooled down enough that it was no
  longer having the desired effect he signaled to Franz, who withdrew the offending
  object. Major Strasser placed a hand under Ilsa's chin and lifted up her tear
  stained face. With his other hand he first fondled her nipples, then reached
  between her legs and gently stroked her cleft.  
"Talk to me, Ilsa," he said softly. "You have such a beautiful body. It would
  be a shame if we did a permanent injury to it. And you know we will if we have
  to, don't you?"  
To emphasize his point his fingers found her clit and seized it between thumb
  and forefinger. He squeezed lightly, gently stimulating her. Then he began
  to squeeze harder and harder.  
"Save yourself unnecessary pain, Ilsa. Talk to me."  
Gradually he reduced the pressure on her clitoris, then in sharp contrast
  to his previous action he began to gently stroke her sex. Almost involuntarily
  Ilsa began to respond.  
"Ilsa, Ilsa," Major Strasser said with a sigh. "What can I do to change your
  mind, eh?" He paused for a few long moments. "Perhaps..."  
He raised his left hand and snapped his fingers. The young SS man was immediately
  there, placing an object in the Major's hand. The Major held it up for Ilsa
  to look at. It was of highly polished metal, composed of two curving arms each
  about four inches long. At one end they were joined by a hinge. The opposite
  ends were formed into flat jaws, their bearing surfaces lightly checkered.
  A tightening screw was set a third of the way back from the jaws.  
"Excellent workmanship, don't you think?" Major Strasser said brightly. "A
  small specialist machine shop in Dusseldorf makes them for us. There is nothing
  like a good German craftsman for fine metalwork, nein?"  
He switched the device to his right hand. With his left he reached out and
  seized Ilsa's left nipple between thumb and forefinger. He kneaded it gently
  at first, then harder. He stretched it out, once, twice, then a third time.
  He stretched it once more and slipped the jaws of the clamp over the tender
  pink flesh. He squeezed them together with just enough finger pressure to prevent
  her nipple from escaping then followed up by slowly tightening the screw. The
  tiny hatch marks on the inside of the clamp started feeling much larger as
  they dug into her flesh.  
Major Strasser was watching Ilsa's face as he tightened the clamp even farther.
  Ilsa realized he was watching for her reaction and tried to maintain a poker
  face, though the clamp was starting to bring more tears to her eyes. She wondered
  just how flat he intended to crush her nipple.  
The Major finally stopped turning the screw. When he had slipped the clamp
  on he had come down from his right, Ilsa's left, so that now the end of the
  clamp was pointed at the one o'clock position as he looked at it. He was supporting
  it with a fingertip. The clamp was of rather heavy construction.  
"Talk to me, Ilsa," he commanded.  
She stared past him. His mouth formed a tight, wicked smile as he released
  the end of the clamp, which fell with a twisting motion. Ilsa yelped at the
  sudden pain, but then quickly recovered and resumed her silent, impassive facade.  
"Well, as they say in the theater, encore."  
The Major held out his hand and the SS man gave him a second clamp. He repeated
  the procedure on Ilsa's right nipple. This time the clamp was set pointing
  up at the eleven o'clock position. Again, once it was almost unbearably tight
  he allowed it to drop and twist. Ilsa bore the pain better, being prepared
  for it, but tears were trickling down her face again.  
"Not very pleasant, is it?" Major Strasser asked.  
He waited for a reply but Ilsa only looked past him, focusing on a stain
  on the wall behind him. In response Major Strasser place a finger below the
  end of each clamp and began to rotate them back up until he reach the point
  where Ilsa's nipple were no longer being twisted. But then he continued, using
  the clamps as little levers to twist her nipples in the opposite direction.  
"You can at least have the courtesy to answer my simple question, can't you
  Ilsa?" he continued twisting. "Not very pleasant, is it?" he asked again.  
"No," Ilsa finally said, trying not to turn it into a sob.  
Major Strasser returned the clamps to their original positions.  
"Good," he said with a smile. "Now we are communicating. So, once again,
  Ilsa, what do you have to tell us about Rick? And Victor Laslo as well? What
  is the connection between them? We know Victor wants something from Rick. What
  is it?"  
He waited expectantly, but Ilsa remained silent. He let the clamps drop again,
  gave them an added further twist. But Ilsa was prepared for it this time and
  took the pain stoically. He gave a shrug of his shoulders and began releasing
  pressure on one clamp. Ilsa fidgeted and bit her lips as the pins and needles
  sensation of blood returning to the tortured nipple struck her.  
Major Strasser waited for the pain to subside, then released the second nipple.
  He handed the clamps to the SS-man, then stepped back and put a hand under
  his chin. He stared at Ilsa for a long time before he spoke again.  
"Very well, Ilsa," Major Strasser said, a trace of sadness in his voice. "You
  give me no choice. In a short time you will realize that so far I have been
  very lenient with you. Up until now."  
To be continued.......  
Copyright 2005 by von Hentzau. Permission is granted to copy
  for personal use only providing all disclaimers and copyright notices are retained.
  This work may not be reproduced or distributed in any form in any media without
  permission of the author.  
Casablanca, An Alternate Version   
Part III   
"Very well, Ilsa," Major Strasser said, a trace of sadness in his voice. "You
  give me no choice. In a short time you will realize that so far I have been
  very lenient with you. Up until now at least. Now you will learn how insistent
  on having our way we Germans can be."  
He turned to the severe looking woman.  
"Frau Drexler, please be so good as to take Ilsa into the next room and see
  if you can reason with her."  
"Certainly, Herr Major," Frau Drexler replied. The tone of her voice very
  nearly said "it will be my pleasure."  
The SS man bent down beside the chair and released Ilsa's bonds. He helped
  her to her feet. Frau Drexler stepped in front of her. She was a good bit taller
  than the petite Ilsa and placed a hand beneath Ilsa's chin. She raised Ilsa's
  face upwards so that she could look into her eyes.  
"Now, liebchen, we are going to spend some quality time together, aren't
  we?" she asked. "Let's go to my playroom."  
She turned on her heel a strode across the room to a door opposite the one
  Ilsa had entered through. She opened it and the SS man, taking Ilsa's arm,
  led her through it.  
Frau Drexler's playroom was a starkly bare place, with dingy walls and almost
  no furniture beyond a table laden with various implements. What looked like
  a folding cot leaned against one wall, next to a straight backed wooden chair.
  Ilsa didn't look too closely at them. Her attention was attracted by a pair
  of leather cuffs hanging from either end of a two foot long metal bar. The
  bar itself hung on a chain in the center of the room.  
The SS man firmly maneuvered Ilsa under the dangling cuffs. He raised first
  one arm, then the other and strapped the cuffs around them. Ilsa noticed they
  were cuffs designed for suspension. That gave her a clue as to where her tormentors
  were going. And she wasn't wrong, for as soon as the second cuff had been double
  checked the SS-man stepped over to one wall of the room where a hand cranked
  winch had been mounted. He turned the crank slowly, letting Ilsa feel the strain
  as her arms first straightened out above her and then began to bear more and
  more of her weight. He stopped when she was up on the balls of her feet.  
Frau Drexler stepped up in front of her.  
"Well, Ilsa," Frau Drexler said in a condescending voice, "you must realize
  that it is my duty to convince you to tell Major Strasser what he wants to
  know. You must also understand that I enjoy carrying out my duty. In fact,
  I enjoy it so much that I hope you maintain your silence for a very long time.
  Franz!"  
The SS-man took two long strides and was beside Frau Drexler. He handed her
  something. Frau Drexler held it before Ilsa's eyes, a simple length of thin
  nylon cord with a loop tied in one end. She slipped the free end of the cord
  through the loop, then slipped the tiny noose over one of Ilsa's nipples and
  cinched it down tightly. Fritz handed her another piece of cord and she did
  the same to the other nipple. She finished by draping the loose ends of the
  cord over Ilsa's shoulders.  
Fritz now moved behind Ilsa. He picked up the loose ends of the cords and
  began pulling them backwards, pulling up on Ilsa's nipples, stretching them
  and the skin of her breasts below them. At a signal from Frau Drexler he tied
  the cords together behind Ilsa's neck.  
Frau Drexler approached, holding a slender bamboo skewer. She ran a fingernail
  along the now stretched out undersides of Ilsa's breasts.  
"Yes," she murmured, "that should be just right."  
She prodded the sensitive flesh a few times with the tip of the skewer. Then
  she grasped the skewer in her left fist and pulled the tip back with her right
  forefinger. She aimed it at a spot just below Ilsa's right nipple and released
  the tip. It snapped forward and struck with such an intense sting that Ilsa
  was forced to cry out.  
"Surprising, isn't it?" Frau Drexler asked, though she undoubtedly was not
  expecting an answer. "Such a small stick. Such a nasty bite. Who'd suspect
  it? And they say we Germans lack a sense of subtlety."  
Frau Drexler repositioned the skewer and gave Ilsa's other breast a similar
  stinging rap. Back and forth she went, taking her time, striking a different
  spot each time she released the end of the skewer. After about a dozen strikes
  Ilsa noticed something. Franz, still positioned behind her, was gently stroking
  her buttocks. It was quite pleasant, a bit exciting even. Combined with the
  torture Frau Drexler was applying to her breasts it caused a strange reaction
  to start. She could feel her nipples starting to react, to grow and harden,
  despite the attentions of Frau Drexler. And between her legs things were happening
  too. She hoped she wouldn't start dripping on the floor.  
Frau Drexler was noticing things too. She gave each nipple several particularly
  hard parting shots, then pocketed the skewer. She took a few steps back and
  assumed a thoughtful position, one fist under her chin, the elbow of that arm
  resting on the other fist. She looked at Ilsa for a few long moments before
  she spoke.  
"Now, liebchen," Frau Drexler said, "we are going to show you a clever little
  trick we learned from our comrades in Spain."  
She went to the table, picked up an item and returned to stand in front of
  Ilsa. She held up a rope loop which had been threaded through a polished wooden
  handle. Ilsa wasn't sure what it was to be used for, but it looked strangely
  ominous. Frau Drexler handed the device to Frtiz who stepped behind her. She
  felt Fritz slipping the loop over her head.  
"They're going to strangle me!" Ilsa thought in growing panic. Ilsa had a
  considerable menu of kinks she enjoyed, but asphyxiation wasn't on it.  
But Fritz only placed the rope against her forehead. Then he pulled back
  on it. Ilsa wasn't sure what was going to happen until she felt the rope tightening
  around her head and then it was clear. Fritz was using the handle to twist
  the rope, compressing her skull. She recalled reading about it in a book on
  torture once. It was described as incredibly painful and the book was right.
  The pressure quickly grew to such a level that Ilsa was afraid her eyes would
  pop out of her head.  
On a signal from Frau Drexler Fritz stopped. He unwound the rope and removed
  it.  
"Excruciating, isn't it?" Frau Drexler said with a trace of a sneer. "But
  we've come up with an even better variation particularly suited to someone
  like you. A woman. Fritz, prepare her."  
Fritz went to the table and picked up what appeared to be a very wide leather
  belt. When he spread it out Ilsa could see it was rather oddly shaped, the
  sides being flared and the buckle offset to one side. Where the buckle would
  normally be expected to be placed, in front, a metal ring was fastened. Another
  metal ring was fastened at the center of the back. When Fritz had strapped
  the belt around her Ilsa understood the odd shape. The flare of the leather
  matched the flare of her hips.  
With the belt in place Fritz returned to the table and returned with a length
  of 3/8 inch nylon rope and another polished wooden handle. The handle had a
  hole drilled through its center. Fritz fed one end of the rope through the
  metal ring at the front of the belt. Then he stepped behind her and she felt
  his hand reaching between her legs to grasp the rope, pulling it up between
  her legs and working it into the slit of her sex, making sure that one strand
  of the doubled up rope went on either side if her clit and inner lips.  
Then there was some fumbling behind as, she suspected, he fitted the rope
  through the hole in the wooden handle. This suspicion was verified when she
  felt the wood slide down to rest on the upper curve of her buttocks. Then there
  was some more fumbling as she assumed he was tying off the rope to the metal
  ring at her back.  
Frau Drexler stepped close to inspect the arrangement. She stroked Ilsa's
  sex, tracing the lines of the rope that intruded into it.  
"Now, Ilsa," she said, "after our initial demonstration I'm sure you know
  what we are going to do. I give you a chance to avoid it. Are you ready to
  tell Major Strasser what he wants to know?"  
Frau Drexler continued her stroking. If she had intended to arouse Ilsa it
  was working.  
"Franz, our little friend needs more convincing," Frau Drexler said. "I think
  another demonstration is in order."  
Ilsa felt the rope start to tighten up, start to dig into her cleft. The
  ropes running on either side of her clitoris were particularly nasty, squeezing
  the tender flesh trapped between them as well as digging in. But it had a peculiar
  effect. It hurt, true, but the rhythmic increase and decrease in pressure on
  her sensitive parts was also exciting her even more. And Franz seemed quite
  experienced in using the device. He tightened it up, letting the ropes dig
  in, then released pressure only to tighten up again, a little harder each time.
  And each time Ilsa felt herself edging closer and closer that point where the
  pain and the pleasure began to mingle, to become indistinguishable. But before
  she'd quite reached it Franz stopped and began removing the equipment. Ilsa
  realized with a bit of a blush that she was actually sorry.  
But then, she realized, Frau Drexler and Franz were far from finished with
  her. She half hung from the bar, waiting to see what was next and tried to
  conceal her growing excitement.  
"Franz," Frau Drexler said, "I think our guest is getting a bit tired. Perhaps
  she'd like to sit for a while, nein?"  
"Yavowl, Frau Drexler," Franz replied a with a heel click.  
Franz crossed the room and returned dragging the heavy wooden chair which
  he placed in front of Ilsa. It had a tall straight back and sturdy arms. Ilsa
  noticed that the back of the chair was open from about where the small of an
  occupant's back would be and that the seat had a semi-circular cutout where
  the occupant's butt would be.  
With the chair in place Franz first stepped in front of Ilsa and undid the
  small nooses that still pulled her nipples upwards. Ilsa felt a momentary stinging
  pain as circulation returned to each of the brown nubs. Then Franz went to
  the winch and began to lower Ilsa, slowly in case her legs buckled under her.
  And it was good that he since she'd been up almost on her toes so long that
  she found herself quite unsteady.  
When he was sure that she was stable he undid the cuffs and then guided her
  to the chair. For the moment Ilsa wasn't concerned about what was next on the
  agenda. She was just happy to be sitting, even if her butt was hanging out
  over nothing, nicely exposed.  
Franz busied himself with the many straps. With Germanic efficiency he quickly
  had Ilsa firmly fastened at ankle and wrist, knee and elbow. More straps ran
  across her thighs and under her armpits, pulling her shoulders back against
  the solid back of the chair. When he stood up and resumed his position behind
  her she tested the bonds. She was completely immobile.  
"Well, Isla," Frau Drexler said with a bit of a sneer. "I'm sure you'll be
  more comfortable sitting down. But we still have work to do. As you've no doubt
  noticed, Major Strasser really wants you to tell us everything you know. And
  we always try to make Major Strasser happy, because he can be very difficult
  when he is not happy. Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you?"  
"Yes," Ilsa said, putting on her most innocent expression. The stimulation
  to her pussy in the previous torment had brought Ilsa to that peculiar state
  of excitement, almost like a second wind, that was such an important part of
  these scenes. She had no doubt now that she would see it through. More than
  ever Yvette had become immersed in the role of Ilsa.  
"And are you now ready to tell the Major what he wants to know, liebchen?" Drexler
  asked.  
"No," Ilsa said defiantly.  
Almost immediately she felt heat, then pain. Franz had touched her right
  butt cheek with something hot. She yelp and tried to turn to see what it was
  but her bonds kept her from turning her head far enough. Helpfully Franz held
  up his instrument, a light bulb on the end of an extension cord.  
"Forty watts," he said. Then he lowered it out of sight again.  
Frau Drexler reached out and turned Ilsa's face towards her, roughly.  
"Once again I ask you, Liebchen. Will you talk to major Strasser?"  
"No."  
Again the hot glass of the bulb touched her, this time on the left. It was
  a brief touch, but it stung nastily. There was a pause. Then Frau Drexler placed
  both of her hands on Ilsa's breasts. She began to knead them softly.  
"Such a lovely body," she said. "This is all so silly, isn't it? A lovely
  young body made for pleasure, yet you force us to hurt it."  
Again the bulb touched Ilsa's vulnerable bottom. She yipped and strained
  against her bonds. Frau Drexler acted as if nothing had happened. She continued
  to fondle Ilsa's breasts. Again and again the hot bulb tormented her bottom
  while Drexler pleasured her upper half.  
There was a pause. Frau Drexler gently grasped both of Ilsa's nipples, squeezing
  lightly. Ilsa felt Franz spread his fingers along the inner curve of one butt
  cheek pulling the flesh aside. She wailed as the hot glass briefly touched
  her anus while Frau Drexler dug her nails into her nipples.  
And then they let her rest, though still bound to the chair.  
After a while Major Strasser entered the room.  
"Are you making any progress with our guest?" he asked brightly.  
"Nein," Frau Drexler replied, "She is being very stubborn."  
"Perhaps, then, it's time to put her to bed," Strasser said.  
Drexler and Franz both went over to the side of the room. They returned carrying
  a folded up metal army cot. They unfolded the legs and set the cot down on
  the floor. There was no mattress for it, only the bare metal springs. Leather
  cuffs had been attached at each corner of the angle iron frame. The bonds that
  held Ilsa to the chair were released and she was helped to her feet. But her
  freedom was brief as she was firmly guided towards the bed frame and forced
  to lie on the bare springs. In short order she was strapped in place, wrists
  and ankles fastened at each corner, stretching and spreading her . The fit
  was so perfect she thought they must have taken her measurements in advance.  
Major Strasser came to stand beside her and inspect the arrangements. He
  fondled her breasts, then moved one hand down to her spread legs to find and
  squeeze her clit.  
"So, Ilsa," he said quietly, "do I really have to ask you again? Talk to
  me."  
He emphasized the order by giving her a hard squeeze. She responded with
  a vigorous shake of her head.  
"You give me no choice then," he said. His hand had returned to her breast
  where he briefly rolled her right nipple between thumb and forefinger.  
"Frau Drexler, prepare the apparatus if you please."  
He stepped back as Frau Drexler rolled a cart, like a restaurant dessert
  cart, up alongside the bedframe. On the upper tray was a black box with a dial
  and switches on top and a number of wires attached. On the lower tray was a
  large battery.  
Frau Drexler spent a few moments arranging things on the tray. The wires
  were organized as pairs of black and red, each ending in an alligator clip.
  Then she started applying them. A red and black wire was clipped to either
  side of each nipple. The final pair of wires Frau Drexler draped over Ilsa's
  thigh. She then began stroking Ilsa's pussy and gently tugging on her outer
  lips. He picked up one of the alligators clips and fastened it to one labia.
  The small metal teeth dug in painfully. The matching clip was applied to the
  opposite labia. Frau Drexler gave each wire a light pull to check that they
  were firmly in place. She turned to Major Strasser.  
"The subject is ready, Herr Major," she said as she stepped away from the
  bedframe.  
"Very good, Frau Drexler," the Major said, positioning himself next to the
  cart. "Now, Ilsa, I know you're a very smart woman. Therefore you most certainly
  understand what we are about to do. Talk to me. Save yourself the anguish."  
"No," Ilsa replied in a small voice.  
A needle stabbed through her crotch as Major Strasser flicked a switch on
  the box. Reflexively Ilsa tried to close her legs, tried to pull away from
  the source of the pain, but there was no escaping it.  
"That was a very mild setting, Ilsa," the Major said in his best kind uncle
  voice. "We can make it much worse if you insist on being stubborn."  
As if to emphasize the point he sent a shock to each breast in sequence.
  Ilsa jerked and twisted and moaned with each shock. But the moans were taking
  on a different quality, something not lost on Major Strasser. He placed a hand
  on Ilsa's mound, fingers intruding into her cleft. He stroked her gently.  
"Tell us everything you know, Ilsa," he said softly. "You can't resist, you
  know. You might as well give in."  
"No," she said softly, eyes closed, breath coming faster and faster. And
  then, just for effect and because Yvette Delaune had a penchant for the melodramatic,
  like her favorite '40's movies, with all the breath she could gather she cried
  out "Viva la France!"  
Her reward was a series of nasty shocks to breasts and pussy, one following
  quickly after another. She cried out and arched her body. But her eyes were
  closed and her mind was slipping rapidly into a different place. In her mind
  she was looking down on Ilsa/Yvette, stripped naked and fastened to a bedframe,
  being tortured cruelly.  
Major Strasser's hand had resumed its position on her mound, the fingers
  massaging away more firmly now. It withdrew and another series of shocks tormented
  her. Tormented yet also pushed her closer to the tipping point. The probing
  fingers returned, lighter than before, slipping between the punishing electrical
  clips, caressing the sensitive erect nubbin and feeling for the hidden, secret
  spot inside her vagina. Ilsa was twisting and straining against her bonds ferociously
  even though the electric shocks had stopped.  
Suddenly the hand withdrew and that part of Ilsa's mind that still remained
  detached and rational new what was coming but she didn't care, was past caring.
  The hot needle pain the jabbed through her crotch was felt for only a second
  before it was replaced by a stronger, much stronger sensation, and that sensation
  was only the first in a tumbling cascade the made her moan and whimper and
  made her body shudder violently.  
As the wave of sensation slowly subside she felt hands unfastening the straps
  at her wrists and ankles. Distantly she heard Major Strasser's voice.  
"Frau Drexler, let the records show," it seemed to be saying, "That the subject,
  one Ilsa Lund Laslo, died during interrogation."  
Poor Ilsa, Yvette thought sleepily. Faithful to the end. She heard music
  begin to play, very faintly as if in the distance. She recognized it after
  a few moments, the theme music from the movie "Casablanca."  
The End (At least until the next time)  
Copyright 2005 by von Hentzau. Permission is granted to copy for personal
  use only providing all disclaimers and copyright notices are retained. This
  work may not be reproduced or distributed in any form in any media without
  permission of the author.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  von Hentzau


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





