BDSM Library - With My Wife In Control




With My Wife In Control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jane takes the opportunity to turn her husband Pete into a submissiv husband, to please her and her boyfriend Bart. The surprise of what she proposed he never oposed, instead he was no longer just a servant he also had to serve them sexualy with a complete humiliation.
WITH MY WIFE IN CONTROL
(F/M, FM/M, Voyeurism, D/s, Home, mc, Humiliation, Serious)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I took his dick in my mouth as far as I could and it felt great. I was in full control of the man 
in front of me while my wife touched my back.
- Go on and give him all you've got, she said.
I could not answer as I had my mouth full. After a few minutes of licking and sucking him, I 
could feel that he was close to come, so I made my wife join me. Then he exploded in my 
mouth and just before the second cascade; I passed it over to Jean. So she could taste it as 
well. When he was done, I turned to Jean and gave her a deep kiss and we shared the seed. 
This was much better than what I had hoped for and I was glad to have listened to Jane.

It was a month ago Jane asked me:
- I know that you are mine Pete and I love you very much.
- Yes dear, I replied. I love you very much and I would do anything for you.
- Would you, she asked. Would you really?
- Can't you see that, I'm helping you with everything? I said.
- You're right dear, she continued, but haven't you had any sexual fantasies that you haven't 
told me about?
I was trapped. She had led me into a path that I couldn't get out of without a lie. Usually my 
answer would have been no and then changing the subject. But of some reason I told her the 
truth.
- Yes, I must admit that I have a lot of sexual fantasies, about you and me in all sorts of 
places.
- You do, why don't you tell me about them, she said.
- Well I never thought you would be interested, I answered.
- But I am, she said. What kind of fantasy do you have?
Now she had made me talking so I had to think. Most often it was making love to her in 
different places, eating her pussy and so on. So I told her:
- It's about you and me having sex
- Have you ever had a fantasy of having sex with someone else together with me? She asked.
I never expected a question like that. I thought she wasn't a lesbian and I was quite shure 
about that. I had to think a second before I answered.
- Well I have thought about what it would be like sharing the bed with two women. But this 
hasn't really been a fantasy.
- How about sharing me with another man? She asked immediately.
I was taken by surprise, but I know how that this is what she planned from the beginning.
- Absolutely not, was my answer.
- Why not, she said and continued. When we make love, you always tell me that you love to 
see me come. You know I have had this fantasy of letting another man come into our life to 
please me. As you have told me that love me very much and would do anything for anything 
for me, then I think we should give it a try.
I was caught. She twisted my words and now I couldn't get out of it. At the same time I must 
agree I do love to see her come. The conversation ended with her as a silent winner.

A week later she told me that she had put an ad on the Internet where she was looking for 
another man for us to share. I tried to talk her out of it, but she had paralysed me and silently I 
approved. The next two weeks past very quick. My sexlife with Jane was a usual, we fucked 
two or three times each week. At the same time she made arrangements to meet some of the 
guy's that had replied on the ad. She never told me that, but it was not hard to guess.

Yesterday was the point of change, when we had our late dinner she started to talk.
- Pete, you know the discussion we've had about bringing in another man in our life. I have 
made the arrangements and from now on things are going to change. I know how much you 
love me and I love you also very much. That's something you must remember, even though 
you might think it isn't so.
I was stunned by the work "in our life". How could she bring in another man into our life? 
She continued
- From tomorrow you will be both my husband and my servant. You shall do what I tell you 
to do without arguing. When I want to have you in my room then you will obey. When I tell 
you to leave, you shall leave. Do you understand?
- But, was my reply, you can't ...
She interrupted me before I came to the end
- These are the conditions, my conditions. You have already told me that you would do 
anything for me and this is my wish. This night is you last night of free choice. Is there 
anything you want, then you are welcome. 

That night was great. I took her to the bedroom and ate her pussy and then kissed her. I fucked 
her three times and made her lick my dick clean between each time. Her pussy was filled with 
my cum and it poured out from her when she moved. It was simply great sex and I forgot 
about what she had told me before.

This morning was different. I woke up with Jane looking at me with her dark eyes. 
- Get up Pete, she said. You are no longer free to act as before. Later today we will meet Bart. 
He is a lovely man that I have fallen for the past weeks and he will join us after lunch. Until 
then you shall clean the house and I will determine if it is good enough. From now on you 
will be punished if you don't fulfil my wishes. The punishment will be decided by me, in 
what form and what extent it will be.
I was back in reality. Yesterday was not a dream and now I was stuck. The whole morning 
passed while I was cleaning the house and putting everything in place. I made us some lunch, 
but I was not allowed to eat at the same table as Jane. She had pointed out a corner of the 
kitchen where I had to sit and wait until she was finished and then I had the leftovers from her 
plate. Even if this was humiliating, I was still thrilled. The thought of her as a dominant 
woman made me horny. I really wanted to fuck her but I was not allowed.

An hour later he came. The doorbell rang and Jane said:
- Go and open the door. If it is Bart, then you can present yourself as Peter, yours and Jane's 
servant and let him in to the living room.
I opened the door and there he was, a few years younger than me and Jane, good looking and 
well trained.
- Hi, my name is Bart. I am expected, he said.
- Peter, yours and Jane's servant, was my answer.
- Good, he said. I understand that Jane has everything in control. 
I let him into the living room. Jane cam forward to Bart and gave him a hug and a kiss. This 
was the first time I saw Jane being with another man. I mean see her give another man a hug 
never bothered me, but this was something different. I was standing there watching them 
silent, until Jane turned to me and said.
- This is Bart. He will be my lover while you will remain my husband. Both you and Bart will 
obey me, but you will also obey Bart. You cannot complain to anyone, so you can just make it 
as easy as possible for you. Do you understand?
I nodded as I was surprised of my behaviour. How could I let myself do this, I thought and at 
the same time I love it. Jane continued.
- Please serve us some coffee while we're getting acquainted in the living room. 
I went into the kitchen and made coffee. Meantime I looked into the living room and I saw 
Jane and Bart sitting beside each other holding hands, touching each other, kissing each other. 
I entered the room without notice. Jane looked at me and said:
- Pour us the coffee, my servant.
I poured them the coffee, but I spilled on the table. That made Jane furious 
- Pete, what is this, can't you pour coffee without spilling. I must punish you. Lick it up, so it 
is clean and then you can go and clean the restroom again.
I did as I was told. I made the table clean with my tongue and then went to the restroom. I 
thought it was clean but Jane had made a mess in there without me knowing about it. She had 
peed on the floor, emptied the wastebasket on the floor and so on. It took me 30 minutes to 
clean it up, then I re-entered the living room. Jane and Bart were kissing each other then. He 
had his hand up her skirt and they were having a good time. After a minute Jane saw me and 
said.
- So you're done. Good. We've been waiting for you because we need your participation. We 
shall all go up to the bedroom now. Pete you shall bring some wine and water with you, 
because it will be a long day.
 
Jane and Bart went upstairs first and then I came after. When I entered the bedroom 
they were sitting on the bed, still dressed. I put down the bottles and turned to Jane. She 
started to talk right away.
-  Good servant. It's about time for you to expose yourself. We want you to undress slowly 
and while you do that you must touch yourself as you're with a woman. Proceed.
I understood the order and started to undress. I took of my cloths and touched me gently. The 
shirt went of, my trousers, my socks and last but not least my underwear. My dick was stiff 
standing right out as a pole and I continued to touch myself until Jane stopped me.
- Pete, you are a very naughty boy. I told you to touch yourself as you're with a woman I 
didn't say as you're with me. I must punish you for that, I am disappointed. Come over here 
and lay down over Bart's lap.
I couldn't speak. Once more she had tricked me to do wrong, so she could punish me. I 
looked at Jane and I had no choice but getting over to Bart. I was laying there with my bare 
ass in the open and he started touching me gently. It felt so good even though it was a man 
touching me. Then all of a sudden he started to spank me and I lost count at twenty. In the end 
he squeezed hard, I couldn't help myself from screaming
- You're a good boy Pete. Now I want you to undress Bart and for each cloth you take of you 
shall kiss and lick his skin all over. 
At first I didn't realise what that would mean. So I started with his feet, and took his socks off 
and kissed them. Then I took his shirt and it felt strange. I was kissing another mans chest 
ordered by my wife. All the time she said "Go on", "you can do better" or "once more". It 
was time for the trousers and I kissed his knees and all the way up to his underwear. This was 
when I realised that I had to take of this underwear also. I stopped and looked at Jane but I 
saw in her eyes that punishment for disobeying would be hard so I forced myself to take it of. 
His dick was just as rock hard as mine. I made myself doing this even if I never wanted to. I 
started to kiss his ass and then moved forward. When I reached his dick I began kissing it 
from the body all the way out to the head. This was the first time for me being close to a dick 
and I was fascinated at the same time. Jane took my head and pushed me to open my mouth 
and taste his dick. It was a surprise. First there was smell of pee as I guess he hadn't cleaned it 
after going to the restroom. Then the taste was salty of the pee. I licked him clean and let it go 
in and out. I had problem getting my teeth away not to hurt him, as I could hear Jane say "Go 
on, give him all". Then I felt and tasted him come in my mouth.

After kissing each other and sharing his seed we stopped. Jane looked at me with a loving 
smile that only a husband and wife could give each other. Then she pushed me away and said:
- Thank you dear, it's time to continue. I want you to take the thin rope on the table by the 
window. Make a circle on the floor by the bed.
I took the rope and formed a circle. When I was done I turned to Jane again and she said.
- Open the box on the table and come over here with what's in it.
I returned to the table and opened the box. There I found a ball with leather laces and some 
short ropes. As I never had seen a ball gag before I didn't understand what it was, but now I 
do. I returned to the bed and she but the ball in my mouth and tied it around my head. She 
took the rope and gave it to Bart telling him to tie my hands and my feet and so he did. Then 
she aid.
- Now it's time for you to watch me have a good time. You're only allowed to stay in the 
circle you've just made. You will only be allowed to participate when we tell you to.
I slowly moved to the circle and sat down. Bart had already started to undress my wife and 
soon she was naked. He started to kiss her naked body and I could see how much she enjoyed 
it. He moved his way down to her pussy and started to lick it and she moaned. Within minutes 
she came for the first time. He then moved up and gave her a kiss and I saw his dick penetrate 
her pussy and he started to move in and out. They were enjoying each others and by surprise, 
I loved it too. I heard him come and understood that he had filled her pussy with his cream. 
Now Jane turned to me and said.
- Did you like that my servant?
I nodded as I couldn't say anything with the ball gag in my mouth
- You know, she continued. I am a little messy here and I need you to get it clean. Come over 
here and do you job.
Do my job I thought, did she mean that I should eat his seed from her pussy. I never came 
further, before she told Bart.
- He heard what I said. Go over there and fuck his mouth and then bring him over here to eat 
my pussy.

All of a sudden Bart removed my ball gag and I had his dick in my mouth for the second time. 
He just pushed it down my throat a couple of times without coming, and then he pushed me 
over to Jane's pussy. There I had to put my tongue to her wide open pussy I t was a new taste 
of pussy and seed at the same time. As I love licking a pussy, then this was just as good. After 
ten minutes of licking she made me return to my circle. That way it continued the next couple of 
hours. Jane and Bart made love, when Bart had filled her pussy, I was made to clean it up. I 
shouldn't like what I saw and had to do, still this was something that I loved at the same time. 
From now on I guess my life will change for good and if it isn't Bart, then it will be someone 
else I will serve. One thing is for good though. I do love my wife and I lover to see her come.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





