BDSM Library - The Auction




The Auction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kitty and Tawna head out for a fun night at a new club, but enter their worst nightmares. The Auction   
 written by Joel D. Haskell  
Dusk was beginning to settled along the countryside, upon a ancient long
  village. Kitty was out, taking her laundry from the line, she swiftly stepped
  back inside.  
The wind was picking up, and she was going to be late, if she did not hurry.
  She had plans for the night.  
She was going to go into the bigger city with her girl friends to have a
  few drinks at a brand new bar that she had been hearing so much about.  
Kitty hustled into the cabin, making sure that her elderly mother was tucked
  in her bed and sound alseep. Kitty smiled, as she saw her mother so fast asleep,
  peacefully.  
As Kitty walked into her room, she began to pull up the dresser drawer, digging
  under the clothes, looking for her private clothes she kept hidden from her
  mother.  
Everyone in the countryside knew that Kitty had a slutty reputation, but
  she did not care. She was proud of the name she had made for herself. Kitty
  never cared much in the first place. She was too full of hate and anger inside,
  from the time of her father's death, that her true emotions were  
coated over with hate.  
Kitty pulled her clothes out, and laid them on the bed. She stripped of her
  dress, and stood naked in her room. Looking into the mirrors all around her,
  admiring her body.  
Her long raven hair cascaded down her back, her ocean blue eyes sparkled.
  And her smile shined. She cupped her own breast, moaning. Feeling gratified,
  she slid her hands down her body. Shaven pussy tingling into the breeze of
  the open window. If there were neighbors, there would be no problem peeking
  in.  
Closing her eyes, feeling on top of the world. Oh how she loved to feel hands
  touch her body. Her own and other men. It was so sensual to her, the best feeling
  in the world.  
Getting lost, her eyes opened as she realized that time was slipping away.
  And she did not want to be late.  
&quot;Shit, shit, shit! Why does mother ALWAYS have me do so many damned
  chores, when she knows I have plans!?&quot; Kitty grumbled to herself.  
Kitty hurried over to her bed, wanting to touch herself more but got dressed.
  Wearing her leather mini skirt and a silk top. Fishnet hose and four inch heels.
  Indeed her appearance looked as if she belonged on the street corners of the
  city. Most likely she would, if she did not have to live at home.  
Kitty skipped wearing any underwear at all. As she applied her fire rich
  red lipstick on. Heavy make-up upon her small face. She took one final look,
  and grinned with an evil smile. She knew that for sure, she would get laid
  tonight. It was inevitable, that she would.  
She grabbed her secret money stash. Specifically for outings like this. She
  made money on the side, other than working for her mother, by giving other
  villagers blowjobs late during the night. Her stash of money was large in amount.
  She just had enough to get wherever she would want with it. Secretly she had
  become rich, with her late night hobby that if she wanted to, she could have
  bought two farms of her own.  
Kitty looked herself over, spilling her hair over one side of her face and
  then skipped out the door.  
She rode over on her bicycle as best she could in her heels to the next village,
  which was about three miles away to her friend, Tawna's house.  
Kitty found her waiting on the front porch, pacing back and forth nervously.
  She was pissed that Kitty had kept her waiting for so long.  
After Kitty apologized to Tawna, they went inside. Tawna kissed her parents
  good night, running up the stairs to her room, dragging Kitty behind her, holding
  her hand.  
They both giggled as Tawna's step father glared at them going upstairs. He
  had moved forward to get a better look at Kitty. He knew just how good Kitty
  was. He had Kitty suck his cock for free before. Taking advantage of her while
  she was drunk and had spent the night with Tawna. He had enough dirt on Kitty's
  whereabouts and what not, that Kitty had to do something to keep him quiet.  
He kept Kitty for his own oral pleasures, almost every night for nearly a
  month, until they about got caught by his wife.  
He smiled, feeling the warmth in his loins, as he saw Kitty not wearing any
  underwear. He began to have sickening thoughts again, reflecting on their rendezvous.
  He stared at the staircase.  
&quot;Umm, girls??&quot; he called out.  
Tawna waved him off, but Kitty turned around and looked to see what he wanted.
  Kitty's pussy was now in view of him, and he moaned, grabbing himself, blowing
  kisses at her until she and Tawna disappeared. He drooled, licking his lips.  
Tawna and Kitty kept giggling. Tawna began to undress from her consertive
  wardrobe. Pulling out her low cut blouse, and low cut skirt.  
Kitty turned on her favorite CD, some unknown foreign band in another language
  that if the lyrics were translated, they would make a sailor blush.  
Tawna rolled her eyes at her buddy and kept changing her clothes. Satisfied
  with her appearance, Kitty and Tawna smoked a few cigarettes next to the open
  window in Tawna's room.  
Tawna, was a slender girl, long legs and green eyes. Soft brown curls that
  just passed her shoulder.  
&quot;Kitty, you won't BELIEVE who I saw heading towards the city!!&quot;  
&quot;Who??&quot;  
&quot;Candi Lee. Remember that bitch from high school? Oh my.. she looks
  sooo ugly now! Remember how  
guys used to flock to her? Well, she belongs IN a flock now.&quot; Tawna
  continued in her mocking,  
giggling through the whole story. Kitty rolled her eyes at the news.  
Kitty hated Candi Lee almost as much as she hated her life. She swore that
  one day, Candi Lee would get hers, for being such a goody goody. If only Kitty
  could either witness it or do it herself.  
Both of them shrugged off their old classmate, trying to erase the memory.
  As they tossed their cigarettes out the window, they straightened themselves
  out and gave one final look in the mirror  
They climbed out the window, sliding down to the ground below. They ran across
  the yard, to the car, and sped off for the city.  
Music cranked up, windows down, speeding down the road, screaming like banshees.
  Hooting and hollaring. Their excitement built as they saw the neon lights of
  the bar, &quot;The Auction&quot;.  
They figured that parking would be a hassle, so they parked just a few blocks
  away from the bar. Besides they decided that they had it, they were gonna flaunt
  it down the street to the bar. And they both definitely had it going on.  
Their heels clicked to the cement as their hips swayed softly and sexually.
  Putting on a rampant show. Arm and arm, Kitty and Tawna giggled more and more
  as they approached the front doors.  
They got to the door, meating the huge bouncer adorned in tattoos all up
  and down his arms, and up his neck. He was an ugly dude, and smelled of bad
  cologne.  
&quot;Identification, ladies.&quot; His voice boomed out at them.  
Confident, they showed them what he had asked for as he returned it back
  to them.  
Looking them up and down carefully, he felt himself getting hard. He smiled.
  The wheels in his head were turning.  
&quot;Follow me, hunnies.&quot; He instructed as they all entered into the
  smoked filled bar. Music was blasting current dance tunes with a great beat.
  Kitty smiled, she knew that she had found her home away from home.  
Tawna skipped up to the bar, beginning to order a drink, when the bouncer
  had taken a grip on her arm tight.  
&quot;I said.. follow me.&quot; the bouncer insisted.  
In surprise, she looked at him, trying to break free of his grasp, but in
  vain. He took them both by the arms and personally escorted them upstairs,
  past the roped off area.  
&quot;The owner will want to visit with you ladies, I am sure of it. And
  umm, drinks for you two are on the house.&quot; He glared more and more at
  their bodies, his lust filling his very being of him.  
The bouncer limped away, he could not control his erection, and tried to
  walk away in grace.  
Kitty and Tawna laughed at him, watching him walk away. Tawna stood up and
  leaned over the railing looking down at the dance floor. Seeing the other people
  that had joined in the partying.  
She screamed in joy at them, as they all cheered and joined along, having
  a blast. Flashing her tits at them down below.  
Kitty shook her head at her friend, laughing and carrying on.  
The waitresses brought more and more drinks as they partied the night away.
  Kitty and Tawna were drunk. Tawna jabbed Kitty with her elbow and then pointed
  down below.  
Kitty looked in the direction pointed at her, finding a overweight man, smoking
  a fat cigar. She grimmaced at the sight, wrinkling her nose at him. They began
  poking fun at him.  
He bellowed out in his laughter through the thick smoke rising in the air
  of his cigar. Each and every time a waitress would pass, he would feel their
  legs. Rubbing and patting her ass, pinching them.  
The waitresses did not like it, but did not protest. They knew that with
  him, it just was best to let him have his way.  
Kitty and Tawna studied the man and his behaivor. Kitty grinned, getting
  an evil idea.  
&quot;Hey Tawna, I bet we can get a shit load of money from him.&quot;  
Tawna protested, &quot;Girl, that is sick! I wouldn't fuck that fat bastard
  for any amount of money!!&quot;  
&quot;I know, I am just saying, think of the money we can sucker from the
  poor sap!&quot;  
They kept drinking and smoking. Finally the night was about done, The music
  played the lost song as the bar make their &quot;Last Call&quot;. Kitty and
  Tawna got pissed, they had not had a fresh drink in over an hour. And no waitresses
  ever came by to find out whether they wanted another or not. In fact, they
  saw no waitresses at all.  
As people began to leave and the crowd spread out, Kitty's eyes glowed. The
  sight that she saw, was heavenly.  
That same fat man, smoking his cigar had taken a hold of a girl and was rubbing
  on her thick body. It was Candi Lee.  
&quot;KICK HER ASS!! MAKE HER BEG!!!&quot;, Kitty found herself screaming
  out. But Candi Lee and the man  
disappeared into the shadows of the bar. She jeered him on, shouting above
  the crowd.  
Tawna wondered what had happened. They both were full of their hurt memories
  of Candi Lee again.  
Wanting to see what would happen to her.  
Indeed as Tawna said, Candi Lee was not so attractive as she was in school.
  They both scurried downstairs at the direction that they saw her leave, wanting
  to follow. They found the back door, and the bouncer stepped in front of them,
  blocking their path.  
&quot;And just where the hell do you think YOU TWO are going??&quot;  
&quot;That girl is an old friend of ours, we had not seen her since school.
  We just wanna go say hi to her and stuff, is that fine with YOU??&quot;. Kitty
  began plotting.  
&quot;Besides, that man she was with... oooh, he is so much appealing, I
  wanted to meet him!&quot;, Kitty said with a sultry voice. It was sick to even
  think about it, but it was all a part of her scheme.  
The bouncer felt his erection return to him. He moaned as he reached out
  and rubbed his hands on Tawna's tits. Then reached around and squeezed Kitty's
  ass. He could not control himself, and his grip got stronger from his buffed
  arms. For just that short amount of time, this bouncer had the hottest ladies
  in the club in his arms.  
Tawna flinched from the hand, but Kitty faked a long moan. Tawna quickly
  looked over at Kitty to see whether she was serious or not. She remembered
  what she said about that fat man earlier, knowing what Kitty was trying to
  accomplish.  
The bouncer kept squeezing and feeling them both. He licked his lips and
  leaned over to kiss Kitty, but she pushed him back, asking to see their &quot;long
  time friend&quot;.  
&quot;I promise, sugar.. after we say hello, you can have me, ya big boy.&quot; Kitty
  winked at him. Teasing and taunting the bouncer.  
Tawna snickered under her breath, pulling her body free, as she noticed the
  bouncer's pants were wet on the inner thighs.  
&quot;Sit down, sla.... I mean LADIES. I will return and then you may go
  into to see your friend. I just need to get authorization from the owner first.&quot;  
His walk away from them was more ridged. Kitty saw a full glass of beer,
  and slammed it down. Wiping her mouth with her arm then smiled.  
They whispered amongst each other as they found themselves the only two left
  in the bar, not too far off from the dance floor. The lights turned off, leaving
  them in total darkness. They became a bit scared. Noises from the dark sounded
  like chains and shackles dangling, along with footsteps and the occasional
  deafening sound of a whip cracking.  
&quot;GET OUT THERE, YA PIG!&quot;  
They could not see anything, only able to hear sounds. Strangely enough Kitty
  started to become aroused at the sound of the cracking whip. It was weird and
  unsual but still she was getting horny by hearing it.  
A spotlight kicked on, to the center of the dance floor and a few mood lights
  around, circling about.  
To their horror, they saw Candi Lee, naked and bound to a chair with rope.
  Her arms tied behind her back, and her ankles to the legs of the chair. Her
  mouth was stuffed with a ballgag.  
&quot;OH FUCKIN' SHIT!!&quot; Tawna cried out, covering her mouth. She felt
  her body quiver and shake.  
Candi Lee looked over, seeing her old school mates, her eyes cried out, begging
  for them to help her. But Kitty and Tawna sat there, frozen in shock.  
The fat man with the cigar came out of the darkness into the spotlight, standing
  next to Candi Lee. He touched her face, and ran his hands over her shoulders.
  Candi Lee's appearance was more gruesome. Her make-up had run, her lips bruised,
  and her soft hair butchered, as if getting a hair cut from a blind hair stylist.
  The man held the bullwhip in his hands, walking around as if he had just inherited
  the world.  
&quot;PIG, I am Master Six,.. this is what YOU will call me from now on.
  You are my little pig, and you will be staying in my little pig farm from now
  on.&quot;  
Candi Lee began to cry again, until he backhanded her. He snapped for her
  to be silent and not utter another sound. He punished her by extinguishing
  his cigar out on her knee.  
Kitty jumped. She turned to look over at Tawna, but found her missing. She
  turned around, scanning the bar, looking for her. Until she had looked up at
  the table they were sitting at earlier in the evening, finding the bouncer
  shoving her to the floor. Tawna was nude, and the bouncer was undoing his fly.  
Kitty's eyes stayed motionless, as she saw the bouncer forcing a blowjob
  on Tawna. Knowing that was NOT supposed to be her giving head, but HER. She
  wondered why in the world Tawna would do that. After all, she was the blowjob
  queen of her village.  
Tawna disappeared from sight, the only thing that Kitty could see was that
  her arms were being handcuffed to the railing. She began biting her fingernails,
  as she saw the bouncer whip out his cock. It was big. She began fantasizing
  that it was her and not Tawna that was about to feast upon the large bulk.  
She heard Tawna's cries to be released, but they were drowned out by her
  fantasies in her head. She was brought back into reality when she heard the
  crack of the whip echo in the bar. Looking over at Candi Lee in interest. Candi
  Lee was being whipped by Master Six. But her screams fell  
silent into the ballgag.  
Kitty touched her tender pussy, beginning to masterbate with the sounds of
  the whip. She bit her lip as she felt herself coming to orgasm. She threw her
  head back and moaned outloud.  
Kitty had drawn attention to herself from Master Six. He had stopped beating
  Candi Lee and looked. Master Six's eyes sparkled with desire, wanting the fresh
  dish he saw before him that was pleasing herself.  
&quot;BRING THAT NEW PIG TO ME. I WANT HER FOR MY FARM!&quot; he instructed.  
Realizing she was in deep shit, she looked up at where her friend was, and
  saw nothing but Tawna's arms cuffed to the railing and the bouncer bucking
  up against it. Feeling the immense pleasure he was getting.  
Three men with no shirts and leather pants, wearing hoods came over and picked
  Kitty up, dragging her by her hair and arms across the floor, throwing her
  before Master Six's feet.  
Candi Lee saw the attention off of her from Master Six, and began to try
  to break from the ropes that bound her. But only in vain, the only thing Candi
  Lee accomplished was to knock over the chair in which she was tied up to, to
  the side.  
Master Six exploded in anger.  
&quot;BAD LITTLE PIG! OFF YOU GO, YOU TRAMP, YOU WORTHLESS BACON!!&quot;.
  The hooded men turned to the fallen chair, picking it up from the floor, carrying
  Candi Lee into the air and walking out a side door.  
Candi Lee's muffled screams faded as she drifted away from Kitty. The only
  thing that Kitty heard last from her was her screams, then a loud bang. But
  Kitty could not figure out what it was. She was not sure if it was a shot or
  a car door.  
Master Six grabbed Kitty by the hair, unzipping her mini skirt and tearing
  off her top, leaving her in her fishnets. Finding that she wore nothing underneath.
  Master Six smiled brightly. He leaned over and licked her cheek. Rubbing her
  clit with his fingertips.  
Kitty turned her head and closed her eyes, not wanting to see the disgusting
  man before her, squirming as she felt his wet tongue slither up her face.  
Helpless and nude, she decided to go on with her plans of taking him for
  everything he had, in the end. Taking another glance to see how Tawna was doing.
  Her eyes widened.  
Tawna's hands were no longer cuffed to the railing, and the bouncer plunged
  down out of sight. Kitty was beginning to believe that the bouncer was gonna
  fuck her. She did not think that Tawna had it in her to be a slut like she
  was. But she figured, if Tawna was gonna be around her, she better start being
  like her.  
Kitty felt the cold strip of leather being slid down her back, and Master
  Six's hot breath, heavy from the stench of alcohol and cigar tobacco, fell
  upon her face. She wanted to puke. She always hated whiskey.  
Master Six whispered &quot;Well, well.. looks like Master Six found himself
  a new swine.&quot;  
Kitty ignored him. She was set out on a mission and she was gonna follow
  through. She gave no protest to his demands, and she allowed him to be used
  as he saw fit.  
Master Six was filled with joy, as he saw, what he had thought was her willingness
  to totally submit to him. He pulled her face to look at him, but she could
  not see him well, as his face was wearing a leather masquerade type mask.  
Master Six said sweetly &quot;You, my precious pig, will be joining me for
  a 'special party', would you like that?&quot;  
Kitty chuckled, she wanted to party so bad. She nodded to him, looking at
  him with inviting eyes.  
Master Six took Kitty by the hand, and led her off. Kitty looked up behind
  her, taking one last glance at where Tawna and the bouncer were.  
Kitty stood in disbelief as she saw Tawna's limp nude body being hoisted
  over the bouncer's shoulder, being carried away. With Candi Lee gone, and now
  Tawna, she realized she was in for a world of shit.  
Even so, she tried to concentrate on the words of Master Six... &quot;party&quot;.
  And a private one at that. She had never been to a &quot;private&quot; party
  before. She was filled with excitement and intrigue.  
She figured that she, Tawna, and Candi Lee were the only women around, so
  it would be alright.  
Being escorted into the room by Master Six, she did indeed see a party. Everyone
  was decked out in leather, even the waitresses of the bar were dressed up in
  leather clothing, serving people.  
Kitty's eyes were full of lust and desire. She was seated by the inside bar.
  Her eyes once again scanning as it appeared to be an leather orgy.  
Kitty had always dreamed of giving blowjobs to more than one man at a time.
  She felt this was the place to fulfill her fantasy.  
She did not mind that she was the only one there that was totally naked.
  In fact, she enjoyed it. Her parched lips began to sip on a drink that was
  given to her. She savored it in her mouth before swallowing it.  
The taste of the drink was new to her, yet she enjoyed it immensely. She
  turned to the bartender, asking what it was. The man gave her a short answer,
  only saying it was called, &quot;Master's Silk.&quot;  
Sounded erotic to her. She swallowed more and more of it. With each swallow,
  it drove her wild for more.  
Kitty noticed that her legs were getting warm and wet. She rubbed her thighs
  together, moaning. She never tasted anything so good, that made her so horny
  in all of her life.  
She began to flirt with the other leather men, that passed by. Nobody paid
  attention to her. Not even the bartender was making small talk with her. Only
  to refill her glass.  
She found an older couple, fucking in the middle of the floor. The man's
  cock was being drilled into her ass as the woman pleased herself with a vibrator.
  The woman screamed out in much pain and pleasure from the invasion. Kitty found
  herself in her own mind, thinking of how it would feel, being taken like that
  by two well hung studs.  
Kitty downed her glass, and shouted at the bartender to give her more. But
  the bartender ignored her. He simply looked up at the clock, and smiled.  
The bartender rang a bell, and all the activities in the room came to a hault.
  A hush came over the room. Kitty wondered what was about to happen next.  
She saw Master Six walk out majestically. His formal clothes were gone, yet
  his mask remained.  
He was covered with spikes and studs all the way up the sides of his legs,
  arms, and body. Leaving an area for his cock which was already swollen and
  hard.  
He had in his hand a long chain, he was pulling something. Finally it came
  into view. Seven nude women, all in shackles and ballgags, crawling on the
  floor like dogs.  
Kitty gasped, covering her mouth. She saw Tawna second in the chain line.
  Her hair was a mess and her jaw seemed to be either broken or bruised. Kitty
  hoped it was only bruised from the ballgag.  
All of the seven women were blindfolded and depended on their hands on the
  floor to feel around. The seven of them wearing tattoos of a pig.  
She saw something on Tawna's shoulder. Looked like a freshly made tattoo.
  Kitty leaned in her seat to get a better look. Sure enough, Tawna DID have
  a tattoo.  
&quot;Tawna does not have any, where did she get that?&quot; she asked to
  the person sitting next to her. They sat there in silence, ignoring Kitty.  
The other guests that were upon the floor kneeled on velvet pillows. Watching
  the parade.  
Master Six stopped the chain of women, and spoke out:  
&quot;DEAR FRIENDS AND FELLOW SLAVE TRADERS, THANK YOU FOR COMING HERE TO
  MY MONTHLY SLAVE AUCTION. WE HAVE MANY NEW TREATS FOR YOU ALL, AND I HOPE THAT
  YOUR BIDS WILL BE HIGH AND PLENTIFUL.&quot;  
Certain guest began to laugh and snicker at Master Six's humor.  
The hooded men, grabbed the women from the line and began to pass them out
  to the guests. It had seemed like the show was about to start. All Kitty could
  do was watch her bound friend, being passed around from person to person, like
  some street whore. Sure enough, there was an orgy, but little did Kitty know
  where she was at. And what was happening.  
All she could do was watch Tawna's body being used by so many that she began
  to wonder just how much Tawna could handle. She knew that Tawna was no virgin
  by any means, but this had to have been beyond Tawna's worse dreams.  
Master Six walked about the room, as if he was searching for something he
  had lost. Kitty jumped when she heard the bartender call out, &quot;Hey, Master..
  I think one of your little pigs got away.&quot;  
Kitty turned to the bartender, finding him pointing at her. She slapped the
  bartender across the face, demanding she was not &quot;one of them&quot;.  
&quot;Ahhh, my precious little pig. I am looking for you. You will crawl
  to me and fuck me as I order you to do so.&quot;  
&quot;Fuck you, you fat overbearing dickhead. I came to get laid, but not
  by some smelly slob like you.&quot;  
Master Six bursted out in a mocking tone of laughter at Kitty's words.  
&quot;Pig, I said crawl to me.... NOW!&quot;, he shouted.  
Kitty stayed in her seat, defying his words. Until she felt her long hair
  being snatched up and pulled, throwing her to her hands and knees onto the
  floor. Her silky black hair being braided roughly as she felt someone sitting
  on her back.  
She tried to buck him off, but it was useless. Finally she kept thinking
  over and over and over, in her mind, &quot;Do it, and take his money.&quot;  
Finally, as ordered, she crawled across the floor, her hips swaying and her
  ass high up in the air. Crawling like a panther. She had reached Master Six,
  and licked his knee.  
Master Six looked over to his hoods, and nodded. One of them quickly ran
  to the bell, ringing it twice.  
Kitty looked up at Master Six, softly smiling. But she still, was being ignored.
  She felt the cool breeze upon her back, from her hair now in a tight braid
  that pulled on her scalp from being so tight. She began to fell her nipples
  getting hard.  
Master Six looked over, as a guest handed to him a collar and leash. He snapped
  it around Kitty's neck and began to walk her. But Kitty did not seem to mind,
  she loved the thought of all those eyes on her, and the thought of ripping
  off the old man.  
He sat her on her knees to kneel on a pillow and ordered her not to move
  or to speak. Kitty obeyed.  
Master Six took Kitty and shoved his enormous cock straight into her mouth,
  gagging her. She had done this before, but this cock by far, was the largest.
  She had no idea just how to make him cum quickly, as to have it pulled from
  her throat. Hating every second of it. The blowjob queen had been tossed from
  her throne.  
He finally did come to orgasm, and forced her to swallow. Tears filled her
  eyes as she sucked. Finally he let go of her head, and sat back.  
Kitty was grossed out. She had never tasted something so nasty in her life.  
There she sat, next to a frightened young girl with her hands tied behind
  her back, and a ballgag stuffed in her mouth. The girl could not have been
  any older than seventeen, according to Kitty's judgement.  
Kitty looked her in the eyes, then shook her head as if to be ashamed of
  the girl, for being in such a place that she did not belong to.  
Kitty leaned over to the girl and whispered, mocking Master Six's words, &quot;Bad
  little pig. Bad, bad little pig, oink.. oink oink.&quot; She began to snort,
  making sounds of the pig, not realizing her sounds could be heard. She tried
  to make herself stop giggling.  
She found that she drew attention to herself once more. She never seemed
  to be able to stop doing so. Especially in this room. Kitty lowered her head.  
Master Six gathered the seven again, lining them up next to each other. All
  of them, including Tawna, were covered in cum from their faces to their knees,
  and all down the cracks of their asses.  
Some were crying and shaking, others were licking their licking their lips,
  now that the ballgags were gone.  
Master Six grabbed a can of spray paint. Numbering them from one to seven.
  Then threw the can away.  
&quot;Who here, has something to report about my little swines, that they
  displeased them. If they have, speak up now and they will be punished.&quot;  
One man, hesitantly stood up. And spoke out. &quot;Master Six, thank you
  for inviting me here, I was with number four, and she refused to give me a
  blowjob. Finally, when she submitted, she did not follow my orders and swallow
  my cum. Instead she took it in her mouth, without swallowing, then spit it
  back out at me.&quot;  
Another man stood up and said, &quot;Master Six, thank you for your pleasure
  room. I find it quite relaxing. I was with number three, and she fought me
  the whole way as I fucked her virgin ass.&quot;  
Kitty counted the line, to see what number was drawn on Tawna. She was six,
  same as Master Six's name. Her mind reeled with disgust, wondering if she had
  to fuck him. She became sick of the thought, and tried to think of other things.
  She was truly hoping that nobody would stand and give any bad reports on her
  performances.  
&quot;Anyone else?&quot; Master Six asked.  
There was a period of silence. Kitty crossed her fingers, hoping that was
  the end.  
Just as Master was about to turn to the failing women, one in the back, popped
  up and shyly spoke up.  
&quot;Master Six?? Uhh.. I was with number six, her entertainment was terrible.
  She laid beneath me like a  
dead fish. She was not tight, but she gave no emotion to what I was doing
  to her at all, she did not call me my name as I ordered her to, and she did
  not say 'thank you' to me, as also I ordered. I thought your reputation was
  highly regarded in dealing with virgin slaves?&quot;  
Slowly one by one, all those that had been with Tawna shook their heads in
  agreement, showing their displeasure by her.  
An angry voice yelled out &quot;Number six told me that she would rather
  be dead than to fuck me, Master.&quot;  
Tawna cried out, totally disputing the words of accusation against her, but
  Master Six slapped her and told her to shut up.  
Kitty was heartbroken. She was hoping and wishing so hard that nobody would
  say anything. But it had seemed that everyone she was with was displeased with
  her.  
Master Six looked upon Tawna and the other two of which the room spoke of.
  He shook his head. &quot;The auction will begin, starting with number four.
  The bid starts at 50. Sir, you may start the auction.&quot;  
Master Six walked passed Kitty, picking her leash up into his hands and leading
  her to his chair. He lit yet another cigar, and had a tall bottle of beer sitting
  next to him. He shoved Kitty to kneel between his knees and whispered that
  she would watch the auction.  
The accuser of number three placed a bid of 200. Then the price steadily
  went up.  
Number three was a very tall woman, in her late twenties, hazel eyes and
  a round ass. Blonde hair cropped and tucked behind her ears. Model type of
  woman.  
She was sold for 300. And the winning person grabbed her and left.  
Next came number four. A short woman, classified as a BBW. Her starting offer
  was at 100 and the round was very slow, she was sold only for 170. The winning
  person was the accusing man, and he chuckled with an very eerie laugh, dragging
  her out the door by her hair like some caveman.  
Master Six announced that the auction would now go in order. One by one,
  the women were sold. After number five was sold for a nearly 1,000. It had
  seemed to Kitty, that Tawna was next.  
She begged and she pleaded with him, that Tawna would not be separated from
  her. Master Six looked at Kitty and smiled, caressing her face. He then proclaimed
  that the auction would go from number five to number seven, being that someone
  begged special treatment for number six.  
Number seven was almost the pick of the group, Master Six decided her starting
  offer would be a staggering 3,000. He had received such compliments about her
  submission that he knew, she would be well worth the price, and definitely
  a gem to have.  
The round carried on at a creeping pace, lasting up to almost forty five
  minutes in duration, until number seven was sold for a whopping 7,000.  
Kitty worried, the only one left to be sold was Tawna, and her. But she would
  be damned before she was to be sold to anyone for anything, and she wished
  that Tawna had the strength and the will power to fight as she could, but Tawna's
  body was crippled from exhaustion of being used.  
Master Six tied Kitty up to his chair, and got up. He walked over to Tawna
  and kissed her deeply. Tawna squirmed, hating every moment of it. She took
  her shackled wrists and swung both arms at Master Six, punching him in the
  jaw, knocking him backwards onto the floor.  
Master Six got up, infuriated and pressed her to the ground. He stepped on
  her back, pressing her tits to the floor, smashing them. Her head down with
  her face to the floor.  
&quot;THIS LITTLE PIGGY WILL BE SOLD AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!&quot;, he shouted, &quot;STARTING
  OFFER IS TEN!!&quot;  
People sat, confused. Wondering what he had meant by &quot;ten&quot;. Was
  it &quot;ten thousand&quot; or just simply  
&quot;ten&quot;?  
&quot;Now I know you all spent at least ten in my bar, so I know you all
  have it. Let's get this pig out of here and sold. This one is to go into slavery,
  that is why such the low starting offer.&quot;  
Finally everyone acknowledged Master Six, and started bidding.  
Kitty screamed at Master Six, &quot;You fucking bastard! She never did shit
  to you.. and you think she can be sold into slavery, just like that? You are
  one sick donkey fuck, Master Six. She is inexperienced in sex. So how do you
  think she is supposed to get it right the first time?&quot;  
The crowd shouted their bids over Kitty's voice, wanting to buy at such a
  low price.  
Master Six came over to Kitty and spanked her as with a wire. Thinking it
  would get her to be still. But Kitty moaned as she was brought to a spurting
  orgasm. Her juices falling onto the carpet and running down her milky thighs.  
At the sight, he picked up Kitty and shackled her to a brass colored St.
  Andrew's Cross.  
Master Six turned his attention one more time to the auction that was getting
  out of control. The hoods could not hear the bids, over the shouting and arguing
  going on. It was looking like a fight was going to break out.  
Master Six snapped his fingers and the bartender rang the bell many times.
  As the crowd suddenly became dead silent. A body had fallen from the ceiling,
  unexpectingly.  
The body was dead. Practically unrecognizable to indentify. Yet Kitty and
  Tawna somehow thought that they knew who it was.  
Kitty was yards away from the body, but still through the shadows could make
  out who it was. Tawna screamed at the top of her lungs, and passed out. It
  was Candi Lee, that lied on the floor shot dead.  
Master Six said, &quot;The first person that begins a physical confrontation
  in my home, will meet the same fate. Now continue the bidding, guests. Who
  wants this bitch?&quot;  
Finally Tawna's fate was sealed. A man standing in the back had bought her
  off for a easy 75, plus a promise of giving Master Six one of his own to be
  auctioned off, with the profits of the sale going to Master Six.  
Master Six ordered that the winner remove her from his sight.  
The winner stepped forth from the shadows. Upon seeing the man, Kitty cried
  bitterly. Seeing that the winner was the bouncer, the same man that had previously
  handcuffed her to the railing of the upstairs bar lounge.  
Kitty hung her head, she could not bear to watch, as the bouncer walked out
  the door with his new posession. Kitty knew that she would never see her dear
  friend, Tawna ever again. Also she knew that would Tawna came to, her world
  of hell would start. Hoping the best for Tawna that she would not make her
  new owner mad.  
The hoods swept away Candi Lee's body. Her body was never found again. Master
  Six called out in a foreign language. Turning to his guests, annoucing entertainment.  
&quot;Business, before pleasure as always, people.&quot; he said.  
A muscular bound dominatrix walked out into the room. People gasped at the
  beautiful sight. She stood over six feet tall, brunette hair to her waist,
  and long sexy legs. She nodded before Master Six and awaited his commands.
  This woman was adored by all. Or feared.  
&quot;Madam Cheo, you will train my personal little pig into submission.&quot; He
  pointed at Kitty, dangling from the Cross.  
&quot;Aye Sir&quot;, she said. And she walked over to Kitty and started to
  touch her body. Licking and kissing on Kitty's skin. She continued to seek
  out pleasure from Kitty by placing nipple clamps on her tits.  
Then Madam Cheo let her down from the Cross, and sat on her face, demanding
  that Kitty eat her pussy. Kitty refused, and she got disciplined for it. Then
  Madam Cheo gave her another chance, but still Kitty refused her.  
Finally Madam Cheo began light suffocation on Kitty, squatting her pussy
  directly onto Kitty's mouth, and sat there until she started to lick her hot
  pussy.  
Madam Cheo sat there, no emotion on her face. Just sat there.  
Master Six had stepped into the crowd of guests, pulling a woman up and bringing
  her to the floor. He handcuffed her behind her back and started to fuck her.  
She was a very small and petite auburn haired girl, no older than nineteen.
  Master Six laughed as if in surprise when he felt on his cock, that he was
  fucking a virgin.  
The girl's lover stood up and lunged at Master Six, trying to get him to
  stop.  
&quot;That's my wife. And we were partying on our honeymoon. Please stop!&quot; he
  begged.  
Madam Cheo looked over and saw the action then, leaned down and kissed Kitty
  on the cheek, putting her back up on the Cross.  
The girl's lover was struck by a cane, and rendered unconscious, as Master
  Six blew his cum deeply into the virgin's tight cunt. Making sure his seed
  was secure. He was out to get her for good.  
Master Six had been watching her in the bar all night, and wanted her for
  himself.  
He finished with the girl, and raised up.  
&quot;I am the Master here. I am the one who chooses what will be done with
  the pigs. I am the one that will gather all my pigs to my farm. Or lead them
  to be bacon. NO MATTER WHAT!&quot;  
He glanced over at Madam Cheo, pushing the used girl away from him. Squeezing
  her tits.  
&quot;Madam Cheo, was she enjoyable?&quot;  
&quot;Nay, Master Six, that is the weakest slave I have ever met. She gave
  no satisfaction to me, at all. All she could do is fight me, and not submit.
  I have tried, but she failed me. And by failing me, she has failed You! I will
  NO LONGER be coming here ever again. My submission under You is cancelled,
  and I am gone for good!! Farewell, Master Six.&quot;  
Madam Cheo, said nothing more. She walked by a beer bottle, picking it up
  and shattering it to the floor.  
Master Six sat there next to the used girl. Exhausted from his use, wanting
  to cry. He had fallen in love with Madam Cheo, but could not utter a word about
  it.  
 
  He called out to his hoods to bring Kitten to him again. They obeyed and took
      her down, sliding her to him.   
Master Six craddled the now tired Kitten, and said to her, &quot;You....
  since I have lost one, I will replace her. And you my dear swine, will be her.&quot;  
Kitty looked at Master Six with terror filling her eyes.  


The Return of Kitty   
(six months later)   
Kitty had begun a new lifestyle for herself. But this time, she had a man,
  and that man was Master Six. She hated him with a fiery passion, more than
  she hated her life.  
Week after week after week she went to these parties that Master Six threw.
  But they were all the same. Nothing but senseless orgies and forced slavery
  and submission. Kitty tried so hard to make her Master so displeased with her,
  that He would have no other choice but to let her go. Kitty tried effortlessly,
  but in vain.  
She saw the horrors of her evil Master. Eventually she became numb to the
  sights and sounds. Kitty was beginning to have a second nature about herself,
  allowing herself to just block out the painful sights that were before her
  during each and every party.  
She was given a job at &quot;The Auction&quot; being a waitress. It was her
  only way of making a living, but everything she earned, always was given to
  Master Six. Her paychecks and her tips.  
The collar she wore was black, and it had bright colors around it that were
  pictures of pigs. Very noticeable ones. Some men laughed, and some men feared
  her. But to Kitty, it seemed like EVERYONE stared at her.  
Kitty's beauty was gone from her body. Her long raven hair was no more. Her
  figure sexy figure was gone.Her arms and legs wore the scars of her brutual
  beatings by the sadistic Master Six.  
Master Six had butchered her hair unevenly to crop around her ears. In some
  places, chunks of her hair were cut out, showing off bald spots. He forced
  her to dye her natural dark hair color to an almost unbelievable bright orange.
  When Kitty was working, she had to apply heavy make up to her face. She lit
  up like a ridiculous looking circus clown. Kitty almost had to, to cover up
  the black eyes that she would receive from Him.  
Tattoos laid along her stomach and back, that Master Six personally inked
  on her. They were ugly and unprofessional looking.  
Kitty found it ironic. Madam Cheo never wore any tattoos but for one small
  rose on the outside of her left ankle.  
Kitty hated her body, which was a long turn around from the times when she
  would pleasure herself in her own bedroom. Now all she had was an empty cell
  for her room, and slept in soggy, wet hay. Which was infested. She kept trying
  to grow out her hair, hoping that ponytails would hide the length from her
  Master, but it had seemed that Master Six had this instinctive clock inside
  of Him to tell Him when it was time to chop off her hair again.  
That night, was exactly six months. That Kitty was told by Master Six that
  she would become His new swine. She really didn't remember too much of that
  night. With all that she had witnessed after each and every party. Her mind
  was completely controlled by Master Six.  
She hurried as best she could to get to work. Reading a memo to all slaves
  that tonight would be a special night for everyone. Along with a special treat
  for a &quot;special piggy&quot;.  
Kitty worked hard. She tried to get as many tips as possible. Within herself,
  she always played a game with the other slaves to see if she could get the
  most tips after each night. It was the only fun Kitty had, since Master Six
  wouldn't allow her anything she wanted. Only what Master Six wanted, He got.  
Kitty never submitted like this in her life. Her rebellious nature was always
  a part of her. Which got her into alot of trouble with her Master. Kitty never
  realized that is why she wore the horrible, horrible scars on her body. Reminders
  of her enslavement.  
The Auction's business had steadily risen. It was becoming more and more
  popular. People from all walks of life came to the place. The rich and the
  wealthy all the way down to the average party student. Kitty had always tried
  to silently warn the student girls about what could happen, but Kitty always
  got caught. Everyone she tried to tell, ended up in Master Six's farm. Those
  whom she tried to heed a warning to, ended up her sisters. However, Kitty did
  not seem to learn.  
Master Six could not gag her while she worked, she had to socialize with
  all the customers. Needless to say, without fail everyone she talked to on
  a personal level was taken in. It was like Master Six had been spying on her
  during work. Kitty always turned her eyes to see if any of Master Six's masked
  slaves were there, or if by chance there were cameras that were used for more
  than just &quot;security&quot; reasons.  
Kitty met a really beautiful and wealthy woman down below amongst those on
  the dance floor, sitting at a table all by herself. It had seemed she came
  alone. And really was not there to pick anyone up. Rather just relax and be
  by herself.  
The woman appeared to be a little older than Kitty. Not by much. Luckily
  for Kitty, she was sitting in her section. So Kitty had to serve her.  
&quot;Miss, what can I get you?&quot;  
&quot;Bottle of water please.&quot; the woman replied back to Kitty.  
Kitty nodded and grabbed her water and brought it back to her. Kitty all
  of a sudden really liked this woman. She had given her very big tip. She did
  not drink any alcohol, only bottled water. And the same tip each and every
  time. Kitty thought to herself for sure, she would have the most tips that
  night.  
Kitty giggled to herself and smiled at the lady.  
&quot;Who are ya, kid? I've not seen your pretty ass around here before.&quot; the
  woman asked.  
&quot;Oh well, I don't know if I am SUPPOSED to give you my name,&quot; Kitty
  said nervously, while looking around for the spies, &quot;but you can call
  me 'Kit', I guess.&quot;  
The woman nodded. &quot;I am Samantha. But you can call me 'Sam', I guess.&quot; she
  said with a mocking tone of voice towards Kitty's insecurity.  
Kitty lowered her head in shame and took a couple of steps back, thinking
  Samantha might be one of her Master's comrades.  
&quot;Calm down kid, I ain't gonna bite ya! Shit!!&quot;  
Kitty nervously chuckled. She did her best to serve Sam to her ability of
  a waitress. Always being swift to bring Sam service.  
As hours passed. More and more people began to show up. Finally it got to
  a point where the new bouncers had to turn people away. The bouncer Kitty had
  seen on her first trip out to The Auction was gone. She never saw him again,
  when he dreadfully took off with Tawna.  
It had seemed to Kitty that the gender ratio was overflowing with women more
  than men. It was frightening to her.  
Finally Master Six made his grand appearance. Decked out in a nice leisure
  suit, with one of His favorite cigars dangling from the corners of His mouth.
  A bottle of whiskey in His hand, and one of His very own slaves on His arm,
  that was dressed in casual clothing. The winner of His competitions.  
Kitty never really had any desires to conquer and win at His games. She figured
  that she would only get more of what she got already, had she won. So she never
  really tried. She faked her efforts to avoid getting beaten, but inside wasn't
  trying hard enough.  
Kitty shook her head, trying to stop herself from daydreaming about the competitions.
  When she finally did, she had realized she dumped a full pitcher of beer on
  a man and woman.  
She apologized immediately and did her best to clean up the mess. She got
  down on her knees to wipe the floor up when she heard the man speak out.&quot;This
  little one most definitely should be on her knees, at ALL times! I bet anyone
  here that I can make her do it too.&quot;  
Kitty looked up, she saw that most definitely this man was a Dominant and
  knew she was in deep shit. Both with him and with Master Six. Tears filled
  her eyes, and she began to sob through her apologies.  
With her stained over eyes, she looked in Sam's direction. She saw Sam get
  up, hoping and praying that Master Six wouldn't look in her direction, before
  she got everything cleaned up. Also wishing that the man and the woman wouldn't
  go to Him and complain about her poor services.  
Wiping the tears from her eyes, getting a grip on herself, she took the soiled
  cloths and the broken pitcher and carried them away to toss them into the trash.
  Kitty moved very fast and light on her feet. Finally, she returned with a new
  pitcher of beer, and said that it was on the house. Hoping it would keep both
  the Dominant and woman quiet from Master Six.  
Looking at the woman, Kitty turned her head to the side thinking she might
  have known her from somewhere before. Kitty was not able to place her though.
  Kitty shrugged her off, not wanting to lose her concentration on work again.  
With a big smile, the Dominant boomed out, &quot;GREAT!! I shall thank Master
  Six PERSONALLY for His gracious hospitality for the free beer, and hopes that
  He will teach you to be a less clumsy cunt.&quot;  
Kitty's jaw dropped. That was totally the opposite of what she was wanting.
  She did not want Master Six to know about this happening, at all. She begged
  and pleaded that the Dominant kept quiet.  
Kitty started looking around for Master Six, she saw that Sam had sat back
  down, putting something back into her gold purse.  
The hours grew later and later. When finally Master Six had ordered the dance
  floor clear, and the music stop. A spotlight was shining on Master Six as He
  spoke into a microphone.  
&quot;Dear guests of The Auction, welcome to our anniversary night. Tonight
  you will be filled with awe and intrigue, as well has many other delightful
  things to tickle your most bizarre fancies. I hope that you will continue to
  come here and make The Auction the BEST damned joint in the land! We all here
  appreciate your business and all look forward to see more and more of you.
  Tonight however is a very special night for me. You see, I have great and awesome
  news to share with you. A little personal thing I would like to share.&quot;  
Kitty took advantage as Master Six spoke. She was looking for a way out of
  the place, some sort of an escape from this evil place. She gazed up and saw
  Sam in the dark, along with the Dominant and His somewhat familiar company.
  Kitty racked her mind, trying to remember just who the hell she was. She had
  the weirdest feeling that she had known that woman for most of her life. But
  since being under mind control of Master Six, she couldn't remember.  
Master Six continued with His speech. Kitty had found herself in a second
  spotlight shining brightly on her, beginning to blind her. She covered her
  eyes with her arm to see better. Listening to the words of her Master.  
&quot;Tonight, is the night that this beautiful creature you see before you,
  WILL be engaged to me, and shall be my wife in less than two weeks from now.&quot;  
Yet again, Kitty dropped another full pitcher of beer onto the floor. Her
  serving tray rolled away from her as it hit the floor. She felt dizzy all of
  a sudden. She had to sit down but she found nowhere close by to sit. So she
  fell to her hands and knees.  
People began to applaud and cheer that Kitty would bow to her Master. However
  Kitty was not bowing, she was only trying to remain conscience. She felt the
  Dominant slap her across the ass, in congratulating her. She didn't move. She
  dared not to move. Kitty couldn't move! Her frame became so rigid and frozen.  
Master Six had concluded with His speech, &quot;Thank you all for coming
  out here tonight. There will be one more song before closing, then someone
  else will give another announcement and shall end our most wonderful evening
  together. I do hope you all will return in two weeks for my dear wedding to
  this creature of mine. Good night to all.&quot;  
The music started playing &quot;Time Will Make You Mine&quot;, it was Master
  Six's favorite song that reminded Him of Kitty the first time He set His eyes
  on her.  
The spotlight was taken off of Kitty and all the attention was on Master
  Six. Master Six had made some kind of secret signal as His hoods began to show
  all the men to the exits. There weren't too many left there by that hour, and
  the ladies either swooned at the thought of a marriage, or were so drunk that
  they were laughing at Master Six.  
Finally all the men had been escorted out of the place. And the song had
  come to an end. Master Six stepped off the dance floor and walked over to His
  reserved table. He reached under the table, pulling a box from underneath it,
  placing the box on top of the table. Master Six pulled out a gun. He raised
  His arm over His head and fired the gun twice.  
Kitty never took her eyes off of Him. She obviously hated and feared Him
  now with every ounce of her being. She wanted to take that gun and kill Him
  for forcing everything on her as He had in the last few months. All she could
  think about was getting rid of him.  
A voice rang out over the speakers, as Master Six had promised to be another
  announcement. This time, it came from one of His hoods.  
&quot;Ladies, oh so fine ladies.. Welcome to Master Six's Swine Farm. All
  of us here are soooo very glad you could come here. You all now belong to the
  finest Master in the land, Master Six. All of you will be taken as Master Six
  has commanded of us. Forget your outside world, for your world now will revolve
  around Master Six. You all, belong to Him now. Let the show begin.&quot;  
Kitty knew there was big trouble ahead. She ran over to Sam's table. She
  had seen the familiar face still there, however the face was glued on Kitty.
  The look of lust and desire for Kitty gleamed over her face. To Kitty's surprise.
  She was seated next to Sam, as Sam ran her small hands up and down the woman's
  thighs.  
&quot;Sam, you gotta get outta here! Go find a way to escape, something terrible
  is gonna happen to these women.. ohh please try to hurry and get the fuck out.&quot; Kitty
  screeched with her voice cracking in terror.  
Sam just started at her over her bottled water, still rubbing the thighs
  of the woman. Sam shook her head and laughed at Kitty.  
&quot;Kit, meet 'Tea'. Ya know, just like as in the drink? She and I have
  been talking for awhile. Apparently she likes you, and wants 'to get to know
  you better', if you know what I mean, doll.&quot; Sam said with a wink.  
Kitty looked over at Tea. She was licking her lips, her thighs were rubbing
  together and her hands were touching herself. Tea was getting herself off with
  her own fingers. Tea's desire grew with each passing moment.  
&quot;I.. I'm sorry Sam, but I am straight. No offense.&quot;  
Sam cocked her head and raised an eyebrow, &quot;Ohh, we shall see, we shall
  see.&quot;  
The conversation was interrupted by more gun shots from Master Six. Kitty
  turned her head towards the shots and found a man slumping down towards the
  floor in front of her Master's table. Some man had returned inside to find
  his girlfriend after being told that she was forced to give Master Six and
  his hoods fellatio.  
He had broken his own fist by punching the first hood in the jaw, which resulted
  in the jaw to fracture. But Master Six saw this and fired the gun and dropped
  him like a brick from a tower.  
The girlfriend this man was seeking out was a very attractive woman, but
  she did not swallow Master Six's baby batter. He without thinking twice, let
  her meet her boyfriend in the same manner. It was obvious that Master Six was
  not in any mood for displeasure.  
Master Six had committed murder. And there were witnesses all around Him.
  He didn't seem to care too much.  
The place came to a complete stop. Nobody moved, nobody spoke. Master Six
  kicked the bodies over to the side and nodded to His slaves to bring out the
  entertainment.  
Several slaves carried out four small animal cages with nude women trapped
  inside. Their mouths stuffed with ballgags and ankles chained to the bars of
  the cage.  
Kitty sat on the floor close by to Sam and Tea. To her surprise, she looked
  up and found that Tea's head was in between Sam's legs. Tea was sucking hard
  on Sam's cunt, licking it.  
Normally, Kitty was used to seeing other slaves pleasuring each other. But
  she thought that she had found a new friend in Sam. And she was still sure
  she knew who Tea was. She just never really thought that Sam was into chicks.  
Kitty felt her nipples getting harder and harder. She looked around the place.
  A few other women were doing the same to each other. Kitty heard her Master
  yelling and shouting at the caged slaves.  
She heard all sorts of noises. This was nothing new, but she could not take
  her eyes off Sam and how much pleasure she was getting from Tea. Kitty remembered
  the night that Madam Cheo had forced this on her. As she sat and watched, she
  realized this was different. Sam was not forcing Tea to do it. Just she allowed
  Tea to suck on her pussy.  
Kitty reached over, wanting to touch Tea but she couldn't. She heard someone
  walk behind her and a cloth was shoved on her face, covering it completely.
  Kitty struggled, but she lost the battle as she began to heavily inhale the
  chloroformed rag and passed out.  
Kitty woke up, now she was in a cage, next to the others. The ball in her
  gag did not fit in her mouth, her jaw was hurting and feeling like it was going
  to break. She was surprised that she felt no other discomfort.  
The place had been cleared out some. Alot of the women who once were there,
  had gone. Now it had seemed that the table had turned on the ratio. More of
  Master Six's hoods than women. Slaves or no.  
Kitty recognized nobody but her Master, Sam, and Tea. The two of them were
  still going at it. Both of their bodies were nude, clothes spread out everywhere,
  only left in their stocking and heels. Kitty so much wanted to feel safe. The
  only way she could was to be near Sam, but Sam did not even seem to recognize
  her cramped imprisonment. She was on the floor, running her fingers through
  Tea's hair, moaning so loud from the continuous pleasure Tea was giving her.  
Kitty felt a sting on the back of her neck. She moved around and found that
  the ballgag had gotten loose from not being properly secured. It was coming
  off her face. She dared not physically remove it herself, so she moved and
  writhed around in her cage, so it would appear that it just fell off.  
It was gone, the ballgag had finally dropped off Kitty's face and landed
  softly into the infested hay that laid beneath her inside the small cage.  
Master Six smiled at Kitty. He walked over and set her free.  
&quot;How in the world did you get there, precious?&quot; He asked Kitty
  with a bitter sweet voice.  
 
&quot;I don't know, Sir. Someone attacked me from behind. I saw arms covered
in tattoos covering my face with a rag, and the next thing I know I was in there.&quot;   
She stayed low to the floor with her head down. She learned that position
  quite well since being on Master Six's farm.  
The hoods of her Master all walked out to the center of the floor. They lined
  up each hood next to a cage with arms behind their backs and their heads lowered,
  waiting for Master Six's commands.  
At the command of the Master's voice they let out the women from their cages,
  but took ahold of them, so they were not able to run away.  
Kitty was getting tired and found her body still with some of the chloroform
  fumes effecting her body. She laid down on her hands. And fell asleep.  
Her nap did not last long at all. Master Six had picked her up from the floor.
  She was placed on His lap at His table. She was made to watch what was happening.
  She found that Sam and Tea had moved upstairs. To the same place that she and
  Tawna had been their first night there. Memories were slowly coming back to
  her.  
Shaking her head at them, she drew her attention to the floor to please her
  Master. The only way to get rid of Him was to attract attention so He would
  finish with Kitty early. She wanted it done and over with.  
The first of the four women was lead out. And the hoods stood around her,
  all of them facing Kitty and her Master.  
Master Six cried out, &quot;Let the Pig Raid begin.&quot;  
The short haired woman grinned with an evil look, licking her lips as she
  grabbed one of the hood's cock and immediately started to swallow on it, sucking
  hard. She felt it smoothly between her lips as she moaned. The receiver stood
  there motionless.  
The second and third hood was fondling her body, groping her tits and ass.
  She concentrated on nothing but that delicious cock that was swelling hard
  in her mouth. Finally a hood had made room and shoved his own cock up into
  her ass. The next one followed, shoving his as well deeply into her mouth.
  She was being fucked by all four men at the same time.  
The guests stood there in shock. Obviously this slave woman was enjoying
  this invasion on her body.  
Sam and Tea had disappeared through a side door upstairs. Kitty had wondered
  where they were going momentarily, but then thought they were searching for
  more privacy. Master Six began to notice that Kitty's attentions were drawn
  elsewhere.  
Finally the scene had come to a climax as every orifice of the short haired
  slave was full of invading cocks. The pleasure had heightened but the situation
  was difficult. The slave could not orgasm without Master Six's permission,
  but she was unable to ask for it. She pulled her head from the two cocks that
  dwelled in her throat and screamed, gasping for air, and begging for permission
  to cum quickly. But it was too late. The juices had run down her legs and on
  to the men that were filling her from behind.  
Her knees buckled so badly that her thighs clinched in spasms, showing off
  her unique definition in her calves. Her ass cheeks clinching on the cock that
  was inside of her, clamping shut. Refusing any deeper thrusting into it.  
The hoods in front grumbled and began stroking themselves, standing in front
  of her face, shooting their masses of hot steamy cum into her face, covering
  it. The hoods from behind screamed out as they exploded in orgasm, the hood
  that was tightly in her ass had pulled out and shot it on her back. The last
  hood was still slamming her pussy, grunting and groaning louder and louder.
  The bukkake had begun.  
Finally the last guy orgasmed, but disobeyed Master Six, by shooting his
  hot load into the pussy of the slave woman and then pulled from her body. The
  hoods then returned the slave woman back to her cage, locking her up again.  
Master Six stayed silent yet displeased. He got up and walked over to the
  cage, sticking his hand through the bars, shooting the woman in the chest in
  close range.  
&quot;I hate messy pigs! Move on!!&quot; Master Six said with a growl.  
He nodded and the second slave was brought out to the floor, as the first
  one had been. Master Six allowed the hoods to begin all over again for another
  round, but with the new slave woman.  
She tried to fight off the intrustion to her pussy. This slave woman was
  more interested in women than men. She was used the same as the first one had
  been. Once again, the hoods blew into massive orgasm showering her body. But
  the slave woman showed that she did not cum at all. She was not turned on enough
  to orgasm herself. In fact, she was repulsed by the thought of being fucked
  by a man, much less raped by four of them at the same time.  
Still, Master Six remained silent. And the second one was kicked by a few
  hoods, then dragged back to her cage. Master Six raised His arm and shot her
  as well.  
&quot;What the hell is going on? I trained these piggies Myself!! You other
  girls, better straighten up, because I am running out of patience and bullets.&quot; Master
  Six just was not impressed with the first two shows.  
Then the third. A really beautiful girl. Very petite with large tits. She
  was quite smaller than Kitty. But she had alot more hair than Kitty had before
  her Master had ordered it butchered and dyed.  
She was on all fours, her locks hiding her body. When finally Master Six
  had allowed them to begin, the hoods just stood there, trying to figure out
  how they were going to use her. They stood there totally blank with ideas,
  thrown by the fact that her hair covered her body like a blanket.  
Until finally a rather large man stepped out onto the floor uninvited. The
  man had tattoos everywhere on his skin that showed.  
Kitty thought she knew him. Her memories came back to the night that Tawna
  was being forced by a man to suck his cock. She then realized it was the bouncer
  she and Tawna had met that night.  
The bouncer reached behind him and pulled out a large knife. He grabbed the
  small slave by the hair, pulling her to her feet. Then he took the hair in
  his hands and chopped off all of it, cutting just below the back of her head.  
The slave screamed at the feeling of her hair being cut off. It was her joy
  and her prize that she had taken her whole life time to get it to that length
  and it was gone, completely gone within moments. Tears ran down her face.  
The hoods laughed as they began to fuck her body. Torturing her as they grabbed
  pieces of her cut hair and showing it to her.  
The woman choked on the cocks that were invading her throat, her eyes still
  filled with tears. She had seemed to ignore the fact that her body was being
  seared with pain from the masses, and cried uncontrollably for the loss of
  her hair. The hoods touched every square inch of her skin, fondling her body
  totally, then splattered her body with their sticky, creamy goodness.  
Her ass was sore, her pussy raw and red. A few teeth were broken and laid
  on the floor. This woman's total natural body was gone.  
Master Six cringed at the sight. His whole body shook violently, which in
  turn knocked Kitty off of His lap and onto the floor next to His feet. He sighed,
  and wasted her as well. It had seemed that all His very obedient slaves were
  led to be slaughtered.  
Shaking His head in disbelief, &quot;Swine, ended up being nothing but bacon.&quot;  
He then allowed the hoods their release after they had fulfilled His last
  command by taking the audience of women and shipping them to His farm.  
The bouncer stood their with the cut hair in his hand. He smiled as he watched
  all the gorgeous ladies being shipped off to a place he once knew.  
Kitty got up and lunged at him, slapping and beating him. She knew deep down
  that he had taken her only friend and bought her like some damned dirty piece
  of meat, and probably treated her like one as well.  
She slapped him hard enough to make him lose his balance as she begin with
  a terror upon him, totally kicking his ass. Her Master yelled at her to stop,
  but Kitty was so enraged that she didn't hear a word he had said. She did not
  give a damn for the consequences that could have been upon her. Kitty had lost
  all control of her conscience mind and began wailing blow after blow after
  blow on the unsuspecting fat man. She went psycho on him, her anger that she
  had built up inside of her all her life had poured out of her and into her
  beating the bouncer.  
Finally, Master Six stopped yelling at her, and enjoyed watching what was
  going on. The bouncer cried out for her to stop, as well for help. But nobody
  moved. They just allowed Kitty to do what she was doing to him. Finding it
  a really interesting sport. That a woman would kick a guy's ass.  
Kitty grew weak, and she spit in his eyes. She screamed &quot;YOU BASTARD!
  YOU RUINED MY FRIEND. I HATE YOU!&quot;.  
The bouncer tried to stand up on his feet. Bruises were on his face and body.
  His clothes torn and shred. He looked at Kitty with equal hatred and pointed
  his finger at her and then to Master Six.  
&quot;Bitch, don't you know that your 'friend' ran away?? I came back here
  to find her. Damn, what in the world got into you, and what has Master Six
  done to you, that you ended up like that?&quot;  
He turned towards Master Six, &quot;I want my whore back. You probably told
  her how to get out of my palace and escape. You sick old man. No wonder why
  you call it a swine farm, because you of all, are the biggest pig of them all.&quot;  
Master Six had heard enough. He commanded that Kitty move away, pointing
  to the side of the bar.  
Kitty did as she was told. Master Six turned silently away from the bouncer,
  taking a sip of His whiskey before turning back again to face the bouncer.
  Raising the gun and pulling the trigger until the gun went click. Master Six
  took His time to reload and fire two more shots at point blank range, for fun.  
Kitty knew this would happen. She felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned
  to find Sam on her hands and knees, hiding in the shadows. Kitty smiled. Sam
  then whispered her to follow her. Kitty thought that maybe this was her chance
  to break away from her Master for awhile. She knew that Master Six did not
  want to leave any evidence. He trusted nobody, so He cleaned up after Himself.  
Kitty crawled with Sam along the walls and found a small space. There waited
  Tea. Both Tea and Sam were still naked. And Sam whispered over to Kitty, &quot;Now
  is your chance. She is so fucking horny for you, doll. Take her and dominate
  her, make her submit to you. Don't be a pansy and just do it.&quot;  
Kitty withdrew her body. She reminded Sam that she was straight.  
Sam shook her head. She reached over and grabbed Kitty and threw her on top
  of Tea. Tea moaned with pleasure, and locked Kitty's head down to her pussy.
  Kitty had remembered how Madam Cheo had forced her to pleasure her. But this
  time Kitty was not about to be abused and forced. So she willingly began to
  suck on Tea's cunt as she slid a few fingers inside, twisting and pulling it
  in and out repeatedly.  
Tea's back arched into the touch of Kitty. She moaned long and was getting
  loud. Sam covered Tea's mouth to try and not attract any attention to them.  
Kitty continued on. She found the taste of Tea's pussy fresh and sweet. Her
  mouth began to water, lubricating Tea's pussy. Kitty sucked harder and harder,
  finding herself to enjoy the taste of it. And wanting more.... LOTS more!  
Kitty didn't ever want to stop tasting something so delicious, so sweet.
  Kitty moaned long and hard into Tea, as Tea gushed her orgasm into Kitty's
  mouth. Kitty drank it eagerly, probing her tongue deeper inside, driving Tea
  for more to quench her.  
Sam no longer could watch. She leaned over and started sucking on Kitty's
  cunt. The three of them had begun a pussy eating orgy. Sam fingered herself
  while tasting Kitty. Kitty rammed her head down on Tea, taking charge, forcing
  Tea to give her everything she had. All three of them were engulfed in heated
  feminine lust and desire.  
As they all tasted each other, Kitty sighed, licking her lips, cuddling with
  Tea.  
Sam told Kitty that if they could all find a way out, that Tea would be hers,
  forever. A big smile grew on Kitty's face. As she loved the sound of that.
  She thought that Tea would be a great lover. She felt good being with Tea.  
Sam began to laugh hysterically. Kitty looked at her curiously.  
Sam tried to contain herself as much as she could to speak, &quot;Kitty is
  YOUR name, not 'Kit'. You are such a good liar. I want to reintroduce you.
  This is Tawna.&quot;  
Kitty stared at Tawna. She definitely knew that her face was distinctly familiar
  to her, but never could place it, until she was told it was her. Kitty and
  Tawna clung to each other, hugging so tight. Kitty never in a life time thought
  she would ever see her again. They all broke down into tears.  
Their happy reunion was stopped cold when Kitty felt the enormous pain of
  Master Six's whip slicing her back, and the sound of it cracking was deafening.  
Kitty screamed in agony. The whip began to beat her mercilessly. Kitty thought
  she was going to be beaten down to a pulp. The thrusts of the whip was totally
  unbearable. Her body filled with anguish.  
&quot;Swine, what do you think you are doing?? Get over here and get away
  from your enemies. Master Six is your only friend in this world. He is the
  only one that knows how to give you want you need to live happily.&quot;  
Tawna ran for her life, jumping over chairs and tables, running for the exit
  doors. Tawna found Master Six's gun lying on the floor. She picked it up, aimed
  it at Master Six and pulled the trigger. It was jammed. She frantically looked
  for an exit to escape, trying to figure out why the gun wouldn't fire.  
Sam scrambled around in the dark shadows, searching for her purse. Feeling
  around on the floor blindly, punching the floor, trying so desperately to find
  it.  
Kitty was being tortured. She knew she had to crawl to her Master to get
  Him to stop. But she was so much in pain, that all she could do was cry. And
  for it, Master Six kept going.  
&quot;Swine, move your ass!&quot; Master demanded with His authoritive voice.
  But she couldn't she was in so much pain from the whip.  
Finally, Sam found her purse. She began digging into it, throwing the contents
  on the floor. Finally finding her own gun. It had seemed as if every person
  of Dominance had some sort of weapon on them.  
Sam got up and ran at Master Six. She extended her arm out, pointing the
  gun at Master Six. She wanted to get a clear shot at Him.  
Master Six saw Sam coming towards Him. In defense, He snapped His whip at
  her, catching her wrist. He pulled and jerked on the whip which let the gun
  fly freely from her hand and onto the floor. Master Six drew Sam closer to
  Him.  
His eyes sparkled, thinking that He was going to love this new challenger.  
Sam was helpless, she tried to stand her ground. She ended up screaming as
  she was pulled towards Him. Master Six grabbed her by her hair, wrapping the
  whip around her neck several times totally cutting off her oxygen.  
Sam's hands reached up and clutched on to His arms as she struggled to breathe.
  Finally He licked her face, squeezing Sam's tits with all His might, coping
  a feel and kicked her to the side.  
&quot;Stay the fuck out of this, worm.. or die!&quot; Master Six shouted.  
Sam laid on the floor coughing and choking as she grasped for air when the
  whip was released from her neck.  
Kitty disapppeared when Master Six looked back for her. He found her nowhere.
  He grumbled and roared. Stomping around tossing things that was in His path.
  He found her under a table, shaking like a leaf, her face and neck stained
  with tears, the ends of her bright orange hair wet. Her make up ran down her
  cheeks. She looked a mess.  
Sam saw that Master Six was reaching for her under the table. She scurried
  over towards them. Master Six had begun pulling Kitten out from her safe shelter
  of the table by her crudely cut hair. He moaned as He felt the soft silkiness
  of her hair, getting aroused. He decided that He was going to have her right
  then and there.  
Tawna found nothing to fight with, only empty bottles of liquor and glasses.
  She was too far away from Master Six that every time she threw something at
  Him, it fell short and shattered on contact on the floor.  
Master Six saw Sam again, she was close enough that she and Kitty both were
  in His reach. He then turned to Kitty slamming her on her back. He pulled out
  His cock and began to lower Himself towards her face.  
Kitty began to smell the horrid heavy breath on her body, He was closing
  in on her. Sam could do nothing to help stop Him.  
Suddenly the lights were turned out. Total darkness surrounded the place.
  Tawna had found the light switches and tried to throw off Master Six, hoping
  that Kitty would take advantage and move away from Him.  
A bright blinding flash came from nowhere. Tawna had turned back on the lights.
  Tawna found Sam's body slumped over, her eyes closed. Looking over to where
  Kitty was, finding that Master Six was on top of her. Kitty was moaning from
  His weight bearing down on her. When Tawna reached Master Six, she began beating
  His back. And reached over to pull Him off of her to set her new lover free.  
Sam sat close by with a confused look on her face, not knowing what just
  happened.  
Tawna found that it was rather easily done as Master Six's body turned over
  on His back. His arm fell to the floor limp. She looked to Kitty, finding in
  her hand Sam's gun and blood on her fingers. She quickly inspected Master Six's
  body. She found Him dead, shot by Kitty.  
 
  Tawna pulled the gun from Kitty's hand, and tossed it over her shoulder, picking
      up her body in her arms.   
&quot;Sam, are you alright?&quot; Tawna asked.  
Sam nodded and arose to her feet. They stumbled around the mess of broken
  glass, tables, and chairs. The place looked like it had been bombed in an air
  raid.  
Sam kicked open a door, and they all walked outside into the street, the
  neon sign over the door that flashed &quot;THE AUCTION&quot; was flickering
  on its last sign of life as it sparked and totally died out.  
Kitty curled up in Tawna's arms, resting her head to her breasts The two
  friends were reunited, but their friendship was lost. Once Kitty touched Tawna
  in such a sexual manner that their companionship hardly seemed to matter any
  more. There were now two young women, involved with each other and Sam too.  
Sam followed closely behind. None of them ever looked back and walked into
  the city. It had seemed that Master Six's little parade of forced slavery and
  submission was over and Master Six was bacon, Himself.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Redhunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





