BDSM Library - Karen and the Torture Club




Karen and the Torture Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Karen and her husband find that they enjoy S&M and that it has rejuvinated their relationship.  They reply to an advertisement for couples to join a club in which one of the ladies is randomly slected at each meeting to "put on a show" meaning that she will be the one to be tortured that night.  Karen's experiences in the club and other events outside the club give her all the experiences that she and her husband desire.Prologue  
Karen thought she was going to die, when she felt the cane cut into her soft
  feminine buttocks. The stabbing pain in her arms and shoulders as she hung
  suspended by the wrists was bad enough. Even the initial shock of the rod as
  it impacted into her soft flesh was manageable, but it was the line of agony
  that quickly followed that took control of all her consciousness. It was not
  the first time she had experienced the cane's excruciating kiss, yet each time
  it seemed worse than any pain she had ever experienced before - yet she found
  herself loving it.  
She was being flogged. This self-composed businesswoman, who normally would
  be found in a stylishly cut business suit, was suspended by her wrists. With
  her large breasts thrusting forward and her shapely legs dangling uselessly,
  Karen Ogden was screaming with pain.  
Five more swipes of fire were to bite into her tender womanly bottom before
  her ordeal was to subside. Karen was oblivious to the world around her and
  gave her mind and body over to the wicked little instrument controlling her.  
She became aware of the outside world only when her feet again touched the
  floor and the cuffs were removed from her wrists allowing the exhausted woman
  to collapse into the soft carpet. With her emotions whipped up in both a literal
  and figurative sense, she clutched desperately at Richard, her husband, and
  pulled him to her. His manly hardness was soon to fill her and her screams,
  this time of passion, were again to fill the room.  
How did it come to this? she wondered.  
Chapter 1  
Richard was impressed as he parked on the circular driveway in front of the
  large federation style house he and his wife Karen were about to visit. The
  lawns were carefully maintained as were the gardens of Australian native shrubs
  and trees. He identified the large Swamp Blood woods and the bottle brushes.
  He knew that most of the other plants were Australian natives but did not know
  their names. The house was spacious and built in the style of early Australian
  architecture which after almost a century of subsequent experimentation was
  again being recognised as being the most suited to the Queensland climate.
  Clearly the house was less than five years old and a great deal of money had
  been spent on the building and what must be the ten acres of grounds upon which
  it stood. Cicadas chirped in the afternoon sun as Richard and Karen closed
  the doors of their Range Rover and walked towards the double cedar doors of
  the house.  
Richard found himself moving clumsily as the nervous excitement he was feeling
  welled up within him. He could hardly believe that he and Karen (particularly
  Karen) were there at all. He thought back over the five years of their marriage
  and thought of the events that had brought them to this point.  
Their marriage had been a wonderful occasion; the two of them were deeply
  in love and eager to share their lives together. Karen's brother Gary said
  that deeply in lust described them better and in retrospect Richard agreed
  with him. Before they were married Richard lived in a single mans accommodation
  supplied by the mining company for whom he worked while Karen lived with her
  parents on their grazing property forty minutes drive from town. The wedding
  was the social event of the town; Karen's father was wealthy despite the downturn
  in the wool industry and had lived in the area all his life. He had once been
  a member of state parliament until the influx of miners into the district changed
  the demographics of the electorate and made it a very hard seat for a National
  Party candidate to win.  
On return from their tempestuous honeymoon they had settled in a company
  supplied house for almost a year before moving to Brisbane. Richard had been
  Personnel Manager at the mine and had been transferred to Brisbane as the Deputy
  Personnel Manager for the State Based Corporation. Karen was happy to move
  to the city as she was stifled by the fact that in the small town she was seen
  always as her fathers daughter not as a woman in her own right and the wife
  of a senior executive of the mining company. She had a Degree in Business from
  the James Cook University in Townsville and had put it to good use streamlining
  her fathers business for which he paid her well. She was very happy working
  for her father before she was married but subsequently she felt that working
  with him reduced her independence.  
Had she tried, she possibly could have got other employment in the town but
  that would have upset her father and she did not want to do that. She was happy
  to go to Brisbane with Richard where she obtained a job as the accountant to
  a company selling swimming pool equipment. Last year she was promoted to sales
  manager.  
They were both determined to keep their marriage alive. Initially this seemed
  to be no problem as they learnt the secrets of each other's bodies and experimented
  with every sexual technique they could think of. Both had made a serious commitment
  to their careers and had both become involved in the corporate power game particularly
  since coming to Brisbane. Their time for each other was reduced and they began
  to take each other for granted. Sex, when they got around to it, was fairly
  routine and had lost much of the earlier excitement. Last February Karen went
  to a sales conference in Hobart. As is normal at this sort of an event there
  was a lot of dancing, drinking and flirting. It did not take long for Karen
  to find herself sharing her room and her bed with George, the Production Manager
  from the Sydney head office of the company.  
On arriving home to Richard she realised that she did not want to abandon
  their marriage but that they must regain their interest in each other, for
  it to continue. She discussed this with Richard and even told him about her
  indiscretion in Hobart. He admitted that he too was looking for more sexual
  satisfaction and had been eyeing off some ladies at work and was working on
  a relationship with one in particular. It was a very frank discussion and they
  both handled it well. They decided to spend more time with each other and look
  at ways to add spice to their relationship.  
From that time things certainly improved. They would dress up and play games.
  Occasionally attend shows where there were male and female strippers and they
  would watch movies, which were very explicit. Videos were a source of enjoyment
  although the X rated ones where couples just pumped away at each other soon
  became boring. The videos and movies that were of greatest enjoyment were those
  depicting couples tying each other up and those showing various forms of spanking.
  Some of these went too far and were cruel nor did they enjoy the ones involving
  verbal abuse of one person by another. They were disappointed when they found
  a movie that went too far. Suitable movies were hard to find even though both
  of them made frequent business trips interstate and occasionally overseas.
  In addition to the movies, they enjoyed tying each other up, mostly Richard
  tied Karen as they both enjoyed this the most. Also Karen enjoyed being spanked
  whilst tied up. Spanking had to be done in the right atmosphere and needed
  to be hard enough for her to not to be aware of anything else but the instrument
  teasing her body (be it hand, hairbrush, or cane) and yet not so vicious as
  to cause her any harm. After such a session their lovemaking was as vigorous
  as it had ever been and for more than a week after such a session they would
  hunger for each other.  
By chance last week Richard noticed an advertisement in the personal column
  of an out of town tabloid newspaper. He seldom bought it himself but was browsing
  through this copy while he was waiting to have a hair cut. The advertisement
  simply said &quot;Brisbane couples required to form bondage and discipline
  club&quot; followed by a phone number. He wrote the number on his hand and
  as soon as he got back to the office he rang Karen. She was uncertain that
  it was a good idea. The idea of sharing her sexual proclivities with others
  was scary and she wondered what such a club got up to and would it be safe.
  On the other hand, it might be fun. Richard suggested that provided that they
  could always back out and that they did not have to give their names it would
  be worth ringing the number and investigating. Karen agreed. Richard suggested
  that since Karen was the more uncertain of the two of them, that she should
  be the one to phone and he would go along with whatever she felt after the
  call. Karen thought that was a good idea. They agreed that she would phone
  right away and that she would tell him about the conversation when they both
  got home that evening.  
As he drove home Richard was keyed with anticipation wondering if Karen would
  have exciting news. It turned out that he arrived home first and had to wait
  an agonising fifty minutes before he heard his wife's Holden Commodore pull
  into the driveway. The sparkle in her eyes and the intense kiss she gave him,
  on her arrival home, made it immediately obvious that she had news to impart.  
&quot;Well!&quot; She said,  
&quot;I rang the number, the mans name is Ross and he sounded very nice.&quot; &quot;The
  club hasn't started yet but he is trying to get one going.&quot; &quot;Not
  counting a few calls from single people, who he rejected, he has got eight
  couples, so far, who are interested.&quot; &quot;What he has in mind sounds
  exciting and safe. The idea is that one or two ladies will be randomly selected
  at each monthly meeting for what he calls a &quot;show&quot;, but the activities
  of each meeting can be changed depending on what people would like.&quot; &quot;He
  suggested that we meet him next Saturday afternoon at 4 o'clock.&quot;  
&quot;How do you feel about doing &quot;shows&quot;?&quot; Richard asked.  
&quot;I think I will be terrified going to each meeting and even more scared
  if I get selected - but it will be very exciting to be in front of other people
  and I think it will have a better atmosphere than when we do it by ourselves.&quot;  
&quot;It's not a swap club is it?&quot; Richard asked  
&quot;No!&quot; Karen replied, &quot;I asked him that.&quot;  
&quot;OK, if you are happy, then let's see the man on Saturday&quot; she
  agreed.  
Richard pressed the brass doorbell and heard the faint sound of a computer-generated
  tune from somewhere deep within the house. Before the tune stopped the door
  was opened by a tall, attractive woman with an engaging smile.  
&quot;Hello&quot; she said &quot;Karen and Richard?&quot;  
Richard nodded as Karen said, &quot;Yes.&quot;  
The woman introduced herself as Ann and escorted them inside where they met
  Ross. They were a charming couple. Richard estimated that they were about five
  years older than themselves. Ross appeared to be about thirty-five and Ann
  slightly younger.  
Both couples were uneasy at the unusual circumstances of the meeting. Richard
  and Karen were particularly so while Ross and Ann had obviously had previous
  similar meetings. They chatted for a while about where they had driven from
  and &quot;No - they had had no trouble finding the house.&quot; Ann brought
  some drinks. The girls had Moselle and the men, beer. Eventually it was Richard
  who said &quot;Well! Lets talk about why we are here.&quot;  
Ross explained that he and Ann like sex games involving various forms of
  bondage and they often spanked or whipped each other in that position. Occasionally
  Ann tied and spanked Ross but they were both more stimulated the other way
  around. They were at a loss to explain what deep Freudian urge led them to
  these pleasures but they had discussed it at some length and had come to these
  conclusions; Ann was aroused by the actual tying up and whipping (or whatever)
  but more by the threat and expectation of it. She also felt that there had
  to be some novelty in the situation. They had initially enjoyed their games
  in their bedroom and around the house (and still do) but now they needed more
  innovation and variety. She could not explain why but to be whipped or spanked
  before an audience would be even more thrilling. Ross was excited by the visual
  impact of the scene of a woman giving herself up to a total loss of control
  and squealing and squirming in complete abandonment to the punishment. They
  also felt that Ann's body might be harmed in some way if they were to engage
  in their delights as often as they desired. They hoped that the meetings of
  the club would provide Ann with the threat and expectation she desired without
  necessarily having to undergo frequent punishment. Ross would enjoy the scene
  regardless of who was to put on the &quot;show.&quot; The nods and murmurs
  of assent from Richard and Karen made an answer to Ross' question &quot;Well
  do you want to be involved?&quot; almost unnecessary. Ann then tactfully offered
  to show Karen around her garden. In between an enthusiastic commentary on the
  native plants in the garden and listening to Karen's' experiences whilst living
  in the bush Ann exchanged stories with Karen on the bondage and discipline
  games they enjoyed most. She stressed to Karen that Ross &quot;did not just
  fool around in the punishment games they played&quot; and made sure that Karen
  really wanted to be involved for her own reasons. Later they went inside and
  had coffee and some of Ann's freshly made fruitcake with the boys.  
Ross explained that, counting them, he and Ann had now interviewed thirteen
  couples and had, so far, selected nine as being suitable for the club. Two
  of the couples he rejected because the wife did not seem as enthusiastic as
  the husband. The other couple were not married (not that it mattered) but they
  had only known each other a few months and seemed to want involvement with
  others in the club. They agreed that there must be at least twelve couples
  to start the club so that they would always have about ten couples available.
  It would be wise to allow for one or two to be absent from meetings for various
  reasons. Ross felt confident that he would &quot;get&quot; another three or
  four additional couples next month. He would send a letter to all the couples
  to advise them of the date of the next meeting which would be at his house
  for this first meeting and at other couples homes and possibly other places
  as well for subsequent meetings. He said that he wanted the club to form a
  management committee to control the club after the first meeting. He felt that
  it was important for the club to give each lady a nice present after she had
  been selected for a &quot;show.&quot; He felt that a yearly contribution of
  $1000 per couple would be appropriate. Richard agreed.  
They were very excited as they drove home and discussed the meeting in great
  detail - each telling the other of the discussions that took place while they
  were separated. The conversation and the prospects the club offered aroused
  them both.  
Finally Richard said &quot;Do you want to do something wicked?&quot;  
Karen nodded her head vigorously.  
&quot;OK - just wait 'till I find a place to pull over.&quot; He said. Soon
  he pulled into the car park of a shopping centre that had closed hours ago.
  Parking in a secluded corner he told Karen to hop out of the car, strip off
  all her clothes and get back in. She did so very quickly. Sitting back in her
  seat she was panting from the exertion of her high-speed strip since she had
  not wanted to be naked in the car park any longer than she could avoid. She
  was very aware of her erect nipples and crinkly aureole partly due to the cold
  air outside the car but mostly due to her excitement. Richard then took a roll
  of packaging tape from the glove box and got into the back seat of the Range
  Rover. He then told Karen to reach both hands behind the bucket style seat
  in which she was sitting and to place her thumbs alongside each other behind
  the seat. He then expertly wrapped the thumbs together with the tape so that
  she could not get them apart.  
She was trapped. Richard delighted in securing her in erotic positions with
  the minimum of equipment. Who would have thought that six inches of tape could
  result in her sitting in a car, arms stretched behind her, breasts thrust forward
  to minimise the tension on her shoulders. Provided she displayed herself in
  this way she was comfortable but so exposed. Moreover the coarse pile of the
  seat cover made her very aware of the nakedness of her lower body as well.
  Richard smiled. She had that blush on her face just below her eyes as well
  as on her neck spreading down her chest to her breasts. This was a statement
  of her arousal more than any words she could say. To her horror, he started
  the car.  
&quot;You're not going to drive anywhere with me like this?&quot; she screamed.  
&quot;Yes&quot; he replied, as he put the car into gear and drove off.  
She felt that everyone could see her and she felt frightened but excited
  not only to be naked but bound as well. In reality, in the darkness of the
  car and with the slightly tinted windows, she was very hard to see. Only at
  red lights was she in trouble if there was a lane of traffic beside her. A
  pizza delivery boy with a large red telephone handset on the roof of his car
  got the surprise of his life when he pulled up beside them at a traffic light
  and saw her. He waved and made propositions to her from his car. She poked
  her tongue at him as they drove off. She begged Richard to cover her up. He
  refused and only cut the tape from her thumbs when they were in the garage
  at home. Clutching her clothes to her, Karen flailed Richard with her handbag
  and then with her bare hands after he took it from her. Grabbing her wrists
  he escorted her to the bed where her resistance collapsed and they made gentle
  but vigorous love twice before going to sleep cuddled together and again when
  they awoke next morning.  
  Chapter 2   
More than a month went by before they received a letter from Ross and Ann.
  From her marketing experience Karen figured that it was probably a form letter
  generated by Ross' computer that had sent personally addressed letters to each
  couple. They had each hurried to check the mail on their arrival home each
  day and had almost despaired of hearing from Ross again by the third week.
  Richard had wanted to ring Ross again to see what was going on, but Karen persuaded
  him to wait for one more week. Before the week had elapsed the letter arrived.
  This is what it said:  
 Mr &amp; Mrs R. Ogden  
 24 Bourbon Street  
 Carseldine  
 Brisbane 4030  
 5 April 1993  
 Dear Karen and Richard,  
 Sorry to be so long in replying to you since our meeting. We have been interviewing
  quite a few couples and now have fourteen couples to join the club. As you
  will know our interviews are quite thorough and you can be confident that all
  who attend are well suited to the guidelines we discussed. We will meet on
  Sunday the 27th April at 5 PM at our house.  
 Basically the format of the meeting will be as follows:  
* Meet and get to know each other  
* Enjoy a Barbecue dinner together  
* Choose a management committee (I suggest it be made up of three males and
  three females and we review the committee every three months)  
* Enjoy a &quot;show&quot; - if all are happy I will choose the star this
  time but future stars will be chosen by a method to be decided on by the committee.  
 Sincerely  
 Ross  
Karen was happy to get the letter but was surprised at the last paragraph.
  She never expected a &quot;show&quot; on the first meeting and what if she
  was chosen to be the &quot;star&quot; as he called it? Surely not - but then
  he had to choose someone. She knew that she had a body that men were fascinated
  by and she noticed Ross looking at her when they last met. How would he choose?
  God! the embarrassment of being tied and helpless before 25 strangers. Being
  made to accept punishment in front of them. Squealing under someone's strokes,
  under someone's total control, it probably would not be Richard, maybe Ross!.
  What did Ann say about him?  
&quot;He didn't fool around.&quot;  
Could she stand it?  
She would have to, once committed she could not escape. It was scarier knowing
  that she might be spanked, or caned, or whipped by someone other than Richard.
  In public as well, she couldn't imagine how she would react - but whatever
  she did, she would have to do it for all to see.  
Suddenly the powerful sales manager with her padded shoulders became vulnerable.
  Her feelings and emotions caught in the deluge of erotic possibilities whirling
  through her mind. She became aware of her nipples swelling against her bra.
  She could feel her labia swelling, moistening against her pantyhose. She wanted
  Richard - inside her - holding her - kissing her - loving her.  
Soon they were in bed.  
It was quite a month, as the 27th came closer Karen became quite voracious
  in her sexual appetite. Richard too was excited at the prospect of what lay
  ahead but it was the change in his wife that had the most effect on him. Not
  since they had first met had she clung to him so tightly and enjoyed contact
  with him as much as she did since receiving that letter. Finally the day arrived.
  They were unsure what they should wear. They decided that, since Ross had mentioned
  a barbecue in his letter, casual wear would be appropriate. Richard choose
  an open necked silk shirt, a dressy leather coat and slacks. Karen after much
  deliberation chose a short black leather skirt with a white blouse and a short
  matching leather coat with long sleeves. She braided her auburn hair and tied
  it with a black ribbon. By doing up the bottom button only of her coat, it
  closed around her waist but was held open higher up by her protuberant breasts
  which it emphasised. Karen always wore a bra when she went out. She told Richard
  that she wobbled like a &quot;jersey cow&quot; otherwise. Richard always joked
  that he liked jersey cows but Karen stuck with her bra.  
They arrived at Ross and Ann's house at the same time as two other couples.
  It was odd meeting strangers under these circumstances, knowing that soon they
  would be sharing intimate secrets with them. All couples smiled politely at
  each other and after nodding hellos to each other, went inside. Ross was waiting
  by the door and directed the guests through to the entertainment area at the
  rear of the house. Ann was fixing savouries on tables beside the barbecue.
  She looked quite attractive in a long white dress with gold trim on the cuffs
  of the long sleeves and on the high necked Asian style collar. The dress emphasised
  her slim figure as it clung to her body. It was a high waisted dress with a
  finely pleated panel covering her breasts which by their movement and the faint
  outline of her nipples through the material were clearly braless. Her blond
  hair hung to her shoulders and was held away from her face by two diamond studded
  gold clips. She welcomed Richard and Karen and introduced them to another couple
  who had walked through the house with them. Then she began to pass a tray of
  savouries around the assembled guests.  
The other couple whose, names were Peter and Jenny, were slightly younger
  than Richard and Karen. They were clearly sports people. They were both rather
  short but obviously quite fit. Peter was solidly built and his shirt pulled
  tightly around his heavy shoulders and thick arms. Jenny was trim and her thighs
  and calves were muscular and quite attractive. Her breasts though not large
  appeared to be very firm under the T-shirt style blouse with a sequined peacock
  on it that she wore. Richard started up a conversation with them and it turned
  out that Peter had been a professional rugby league footballer but had only
  managed to make it to reserve grade standard. As so often happens injury robbed
  him of his chance to reach the football stardom he strove so hard to achieve.
  He has a degree in business and actually works for the Rugby League Board going
  around schools and colleges promoting the sport. Jenny manages a computer store
  where she sells a variety of hardware and software but it is mostly from computer
  games that her profit is made. She played netball as a schoolgirl but now plays
  a great deal of tennis for mental relaxation and physical exercise.  
Soon all the guests had arrived and Ross tapped a spoon against a glass to
  get attention and began to make a little speech. This is what he said;  
&quot;Ladies and Gentlemen!  
Ann and I are pleased to welcome you to our home and we thank you for your
  assistance in forming this club which we feel sure will be lots of fun for
  us all.  
Do please introduce yourselves and get to know as many people as you can
  this evening. One very important duty we must perform tonight is to form a
  Management Committee. Ann and I were happy to get the club going but we want
  it to be our club not my club or anyone else's. I suggest as I mentioned in
  my letter that we select three men and three women to act on the committee.
  Once elected they can choose who ever they wish to perform whatever tasks are
  required.  
I also suggest that the committee be re-elected every six months. That way
  all members can have close involvement in what goes on. One of the first jobs
  for the committee will be to set up a system to choose who will be the star
  of the show at each meeting.  
Ann has lists of our members which she will give out. Also there is a box
  near the door with slips of paper near it. Please write six names on it - where
  possible we should avoid having husband and wife on the committee.  
As for the show this evening - this is what I have arranged. I think the
  lady chosen should remove all her clothes and continue to circulate amongst
  us for an hour. Then her wrists will be tied together to that rope you see
  hanging from the branch of that blood wood tree behind me. If you were to look
  over there you will see that there are two tent pegs driven in the ground under
  the branch and spaced one metre apart. The lady will have her ankles tied to
  these pegs. She will then be given nine strokes of the cane at one-minute intervals
  between strokes.  
After you have finished voting for the committee, I will tell you whom I
  have selected as our star this evening. Please collect your member lists now
  and find out who is who and vote. Thank you."  
The guests gave Ross a little clap - mostly the men. The girls were mostly
  shocked at what the show would entail. Karen was no exception. Could she do
  it? Could she walk around naked amongst people she scarcely new? How could
  she stand under the tree - hands tied above her head and feet wide apart and
  take nine strokes? Where was the cane? How thick was it - how long was it?
  Oh the exposure, the embarrassment, the pain. To loose control of oneself in
  front of these people. She knew that she would scream and howl and beg them
  to stop - what would they think? The fear excited her. The whole possibility
  electrified her emotions and she felt her body stirring with sexual warmth.
  Rivers of tingling feeling ran from her nipples to the aching membranes between
  her legs. Her clitoris and labia were engorged with blood and swollen and she
  could feel them pulse with her rapid heartbeat. It was incredible to be so
  afraid and so excited at the same time.  
Richard was thrilled at the prospect. Only in his wildest and most exciting
  fantasies had he envisioned anything like this and now it was going to happen.
  Then he had a thought and he whispered to Karen &quot;Are you game?&quot;  
&quot;Y-yes - I think&quot; so was her uncertain reply.  
&quot;Great - lets get this voting over as soon as we can.&quot;  
The voting was not over soon; in fact it took about half an hour because
  people did not know each other. Ross assisted by nominating some people who
  were duly elected. The voting would have gone faster if Ross had not tried
  to be so democratic. Neither Richard nor Karen were elected while both Ross
  and Ann were elected even though Ross said that husband and wife members should
  be avoided. What follows is the list of members with the *'s that Karen put
  beside the names of those elected to the committee;  
 Ross* &amp; Ann* Peter &amp; Jenny*  
 David &amp; Janelle Bruce &amp; Ursula  
 Peter &amp; Ingrid Mark &amp; Catherine  
 Terry* &amp; Maria John &amp; Julie  
 Warren &amp; Leonie Daryl &amp; Suzanne*  
 Alex* &amp; Nicole Scott &amp; Marion  
 Richard &amp; Karen Derrick &amp; Isobel  
Eventually the moment came. Ross started tapping on his glass again to get
  attention. An immediate hush fell over the group, as all knew what he was about
  to announce.  
&quot;Folks!" he said &quot;I nominate my wife, Ann&quot; &quot;This is because
  I do not think a guest should be asked to star on her first night - next time
  the selection will be totally random.&quot;  
Ann was holding a tray of sausage rolls when the announcement was made. She
  dropped it on a nearby chair and, with her hands pressed to her mouth, gasped  
&quot;Oh I was afraid he might do that.&quot;  
Proudly she regained her composure and standing at her full height and with
  shoulders back stepped over to Richard who was standing nearby and said  
&quot;Would you unzip me please?&quot;  
Richard stepped behind her and expertly ran the zipper from her neck to the
  small of her back. Slowly and elegantly she undid the buttons at the cuffs
  of her sleeves and then with each hand grasping the dress at each shoulder
  she lifted it forward and let it fall off her body and be hooked in her elbows.
  Standing as close as he was, Richard caught an erotic whiff of the aroma from
  her bobbing freshly liberated breasts. She then leaned forward and stepped
  out of the garment. She wore no panties and a garter belt held up her white
  stockings. Unclasping one stocking she put her leg on a chair and rolled down
  the stocking. Then she took off the white and gold high heel shoe and removed
  the stocking. Putting her shoe back on she boldly walked over to the other
  side of the room and took off her other stocking giving all the opportunity
  to watch her eagerly. Then she walked around the room finally stopping at David
  where she asked him to unclasp her garter belt. Which he eagerly did.  
Ann picked up a tray of meats from the table and took it to Ross and told
  him that he better start the barbecue if everyone was to have eaten by the
  time the hour was up. Ross put down the tray and hugged her. While rubbing
  her buttocks and sliding his hand in the cleft between, he asked all guests
  to give Ann lots of attention over the next hour so that she would be well
  and truly ready for the next part of the show. She played her part as the accomplished
  hostess as effectively as if she had been fully clothed. The men were slow
  at first to enjoy her available body but eventually began stroking her buttocks
  and breasts whenever she came near. By coming near more frequently to those
  who caressed her she made it clear what she wanted. Some of the girls too began
  to kiss and stroke her in a display of affection since, each realised that,
  the show she was about to provide was on their behalf.  
Richard and Karen introduced themselves to Terry and Maria while Ann was
  circulating amongst others in the group. Maria was clearly of southern European
  descent with long black curly hair and a voluptuous body. The low curve of
  the neckline of her blouse revealed an ample cleavage. Another woman of the
  same weight for her height may have been thought to be fat. But Maria was attractive
  because of her very womanly figure. Terry was about six feet tall with curly
  black hair. More curly black hair was also quite visible on his chest where
  the top two buttons of his shirt were left undone. They must both like gold,
  Richard thought. Maria wore a variety of gold rings and bracelets as well as
  chunky earrings and a gold chain necklace. It gave her a slightly gipsy appearance
  but, on her, it looked attractive. Terry also had a large gold wedding ring,
  a large masculine gold bracelet and a gold chain around his neck. On this chain
  hung a gold medallion of some sort, which nestled in his abundant chest hair.  
Ann had catered well for the barbecue but was now so much the centre of attention
  that others (particularly Karen and Maria) had to step in to assist Ross in
  preparing and distributing the food. Despite the rope hanging ominously from
  the floodlit tree immediately adjacent to the entertainment area, Ann was clearly
  enjoying the attention she was getting. Her nipples, well kissed by now, were
  quite erect and the many hands that had found their way between her thighs
  were coming out moist and with her female scent. The meal was eaten, the plates
  and dishes were tidied up more drinks were being poured as Ann's hour of lascivious
  freedom came to an end.  
Ross had obviously been doing some arranging with some of the men because
  it was Warren who tapped his glass and, when the room was silent, drew the
  group's attention to Terry who now could be seen standing outside under the
  tree holding the rope in his hand. Ann continued to show her class by walking
  regally in her nakedness through the large doorway into the garden and stood
  near Terry. The guests accompanied her. Warren joined Terry at the tree and
  they showed a clearly trembling Ann where the hooked tops of the tent pegs
  protruded from the ground. Ann co-operatively opened her legs to put each foot
  as near as possible to each peg. Warren and Terry each tied a foot to each
  peg. With her feet stretched so far apart her balance was unsteady and she
  reached down and steadied herself by holding Warren's shoulder. Warren stood
  and held her hands as he did so. She allowed him to stretch her hands above
  her head where Terry carefully tied them together. He took care to tie them
  firmly without cutting the circulation and without creating slip knots which
  might tighten subsequently if (when) she pulled on it. Warren pulled the free
  end of the rope causing her to stretch higher and lift her heels off the ground.
  Her breasts jutted forward proudly. Ann wanted to pull them back but the stretch
  of her arms made that impossible. Ross asked all guests to come forward and
  give Ann a kiss and a cuddle while she waited for her caning. It was a most
  erotic experience for Ann and the guests. Her spread legs held her labia apart
  and were an irresistible attraction to the male guests who fondled her there
  and caressed her clitoris which stood to attention for all to see. The men
  wore coats of a variety of fabrics. These ranged from Mark's coarse tweed style
  jacket to the soft leather of Richard's coat. Each subjected her to a riot
  of differing sensations as her turgid out thrust nipples were rubbed by the
  fabric of each mans coat as each kissed her. The women kissed her as well but
  they did not caress her and they instinctively knew not to rub against her
  nipples. Their kisses were welcome and gave her courage.  
Finally she was left alone. All had embraced her and she now stood waiting.
  A gentle wind rustled the tree and she was being gently stretched and swayed
  by the motion of the branch. All the couples gathered around her to watch.
  Karen stood in front of Richard. Her back was resting against his chest. She
  could feel his hardness pressing against her buttocks. Richard put his arms
  around her folding them across her lower chest cuddling beneath the rise of
  her breasts. He could feel her excited breathing and heavy heart beat.  
Warren produced the cane from behind the tree and showed it to the group.
  He then showed it to Ann. It was about a metre long and eight millimetres thick.
  He rubbed it along the tops of her breasts and then placed it beneath them
  and lifted them a few times with it. Then, after putting it to her lips for
  her to kiss it, he stepped behind her. She tensed visibly knowing what was
  imminent. Warren paused for a few seconds then raised the cane above his head
  and brought it down swiftly. The whistle of the cane, the crack, as it impacted
  her waiting buttocks and the hiss as she gasped through clenched teeth was
  as one continuous sound.  
Karen felt Richard let go of her. He undid the buttons at the back of her
  blouse and loosened the clips of her bra. Putting his arms around her again
  he untucked her blouse at her waist and slid his hands underneath. Pulling
  her back against his chest he reached up and cupped each breast under the now
  loose cups of the bra. He squeezed her swollen sensitive nipples between his
  fingers while his swollen hardness pressed between her buttocks.  
Warren struck again when Terry nodded to indicate that a minute had passed.
  Ann's gasp was followed by a series of &quot;Ohs!&quot; whispered as she clenched
  wriggled and rotated her bottom in a vain attempt to ease the fire in the two
  burning lines across her buttocks. Warren struck three more times. By this
  time Ann was oblivious to her audience and was wriggling so violently that
  the leaves of the tree were rustling from the pulling of the rope. His last
  stroke was followed by a shrill squeal from Ann.  
&quot;Oh No!&quot; she pleaded &quot;No more please - I can't.&quot;  
Meanwhile she continued to pull at the rope and vigorously writhe her bottom
  to try to shake away the five lines of fire across her bottom.  
Karen empathised with Ann. She knew that at that moment, Ann would have done
  anything to escape the whistling stinging cane. From her own experience she
  knew that along with the sting would come delicious erotic warmth. Warmth that
  soon eclipsed the pain and with the prompt ministrations of a loving man would
  lead to a series of deep satisfying orgasms. She was feeling some of that warmth
  herself. The earlier fear that it would have been she who would hang from the
  branch, suffering and screaming for all to see, awoke the warmth inside her.
  She felt each of Ann's strokes and watched her wrigglings and squeals and gasps
  as if they were her own. She was aware only of the scene before her and Richard
  gently stimulating her breasts and his urgent hardness pressing between her
  buttocks.  
Warren and Terry changed places. Terry took the cane and brought down a swipe
  into that sensitive crease where buttock and thigh meet. Ann sprung as if electrified.
  She screamed and tears came to her eyes. No more pleading now - no more words
  at all. All she could do (and she did it a lot) was howl, gasp, scream and
  pant. Terry was a great deal more cruel than Warren. His next two swipes were
  on the upper thigh. She would not be able to cover those weals by her panties,
  whenever the tenderness eased sufficiently to enable her to, but they were
  close enough to her bottom that a short skirt would conceal them provided she
  was careful how she bent over. Not that Ann gave the slightest consideration
  to these matters at that time; she was preoccupied with thousands of tiny nerve
  endings along eight burning ridges. Each nerve was sending a message of fiery
  pain to her brain. She was getting other messages too. Nerves spreading from
  her anus through her labia to her clitoris were tickling and burning in increasingly
  powerful sensations. Her movements became less intent on throwing off the stinging
  pain but in trying to rub her thighs together to ease the maddening desire
  for stimulus between her legs. She was robbed of this relief by the enforced
  separation of her legs. Her feet pulled in vain at the pegs and she could do
  nothing except provide more of a show for her guests. The cool air swirling
  around her sensitive wet membranes was a delicious sensation. The abundant
  juices she was exuding evaporated causing a cool insistent reminder of her
  extreme nakedness. As if this was not enough her nipples, which had been thrown
  around during the last eight minutes of wild gyration of her body, were now
  throbbing with sensation.  
Terry's last swipe was certainly the cruellest cut of all. He hit diagonally
  across the five stripes that Warren had made. Not only did this create its
  own line of fire, but also it doubly awakened the sting at each point of intersection.
  Ann could not tell what he had done. The dim realisation that this was the
  last one turned to horror as this new line of pain doubly reawakened those
  already burning nerves along the edges of the lines that it crossed. A long
  loud howl escaped her lips as she gave herself over to the deluge of feeling
  that overwhelmed her.  
She felt Ross kissing her - long slow kisses gently sucking and chewing at
  her lips. She felt hands undoing the ropes at her wrists and ankles. She gasped
  with relief as her arms fell to her sides and her feet came together. She could
  not stand and Ross picked her up, one hand under her shoulders and one behind
  her knees. Ross said to those who crowded around them  
&quot;Ann and I are going upstairs now - If any of you want to stay please
  make yourselves comfortable anywhere in the house, we will see you for breakfast.
  If you want to leave now - I hope you had a good time and we will see you next
  month.&quot;  
Many of the women kissed Ann and Ross. Warren and Terry made a point of kissing
  her as well.  
&quot;Thank you&quot; she murmured &quot;See you next time.&quot;  
Richard released Karen from his embrace where oblivious of her unbuttoned
  and untucked blouse and hanging bra she made her way over to embrace Ann and
  Ross. Richard noticed for the first time that some of the other women had clothing
  that was in various states of disrepair as well.  
On joining his wife Richard said  
&quot;Well! what do you want to do?&quot;  
Karen thought for a moment and then said &quot;Take me home - fast!&quot;  
Chapter 3   
Karen and Richard were elated. The club was turning out to be just what they
  had hoped it would be. The events of the first meeting were so arousing for
  both of them that the drive home seemed exasperatingly long. As soon as they
  arrived home one would have thought they had not seen each other for years,
  such was the enthusiasm and intensity of their lovemaking. Clearly the predicability
  and routine of their relationship had been strangling it. The club had introduced
  an element of daring and variety into their sex lives more so than they could
  ever do themselves.  
The second letter from the club arrived on the Friday of the second week
  of May and advised that the next meeting will be held on Sunday 30th. It also
  advised that future meetings would be held on the last Sunday of each month.
  This time the club would meet at Alex and Nicole's house. They were pleased
  to see that Alex and Nicole lived near them and so they would have less than
  a ten-minute drive to get to their house. The long drive home from Ross' house
  was a hassle last month and they realised that they should have taken up his
  offer to stay the night. They did not get much chance to talk to Alex and Nicole
  but they knew who they were. Alex was probably in his late forties with brown
  wavy hair, which was thinning at the crown, and grey streaks were appearing.
  He spoke with a European accent and Richard noticed, as he was leaving last
  month, that he drove a BMW. Nicole appeared slightly younger than her husband
  and had no accent at all. In fact her voice was cultured and indicated a good
  education, probably in a private girls school. Her clothes were expensive as
  were the few tasteful items of jewellery she wore.  
At 5 PM on the 30th Karen and Richard arrived at Alex and Nicole's house.
  It was a large low set house with another large building behind it. This building
  housed their computer business, which they managed. A wide wooden decking provided
  a walkway between the buildings it was covered by a tile roof of the same style
  as that of the house and building. On either side of the wooden decking were
  well maintained lawns bordered by gardens. A vertical wooden pillar supported
  the roof in the centre of the walkway. A second similar but obviously temporary
  pillar had been erected beside it. It was nailed to the walkway at the bottom
  and secured to the exposed beam of the roof by a carpenters clamp. Karen had
  a feeling that she would not want to know what it was for. She avoided looking
  at it and instead looked in the large window of the building, which, she estimated,
  would house about twelve staff during the week.  
Ross and Ann arrived at the same time as Karen and Richard and the four greeted
  each other warmly.  
&quot;You were wonderful last month," Karen said to Ann.  
&quot;God! - I was so sore for the next week - but it was lovely, I felt
  so sexy.&quot;  
&quot;I wonder what wickedness they have cooked up for us tonight.&quot;  
&quot;I guess we will soon know&quot;, Ann replied.  
Warren and Leonie were pouring drinks as Karen and Richard introduced each
  other. They were a very friendly couple. Warren had a very firm handshake and
  the skin of his hands was hard. He was obviously no stranger to physical work.
  Leonie was vivacious and full of fun. Her shoulder length hair was naturally
  blonde and her body was petite and slim. She wore a light floral dress, which
  was backless from the waist up. The bodice was like an apron. It tied at her
  shoulders in thin straps, which crossed over her back and joined to her skirt
  at her hips. The sides of her small firm breasts were visible and the shape
  of her large nipples could be seen outlined in the material. Both Warren and
  Leonie appeared to be in their late twenties. As they talked it turned out
  that Warren was a swimming pool contractor. They were a fun couple to talk
  to and they chatted animatedly while they waited for the remainder of the guests
  to arrive. Leonie introduced them to Scott and Marion who had become friendly
  with Leonie and Warren during the last meeting. In fact Richard remembered
  that Leonie had clung to Scott while Warren played his part as Ann's tormentor
  on that occasion.  
Scott was tall and from the clothes he wore, Karen thought he was a farmer.
  In fact she discovered much later that he was an orthodontist. Marion was a
  big lady with a full figure. She had soft brown hair, which was elegantly styled.
  They were the parents of two university-aged children. They obviously enjoyed
  the company of Warren and Leonie.  
Alex who clapped his hands to get attention interrupted the buzz of conversation.
  He welcomed the guests to his home and told them that the committee had met
  early in the month and had appointed him to be Master of Ceremonies at club
  meetings. He said that the committee meeting had been quite a good one and
  they had covered a lot of issues to get the club up and running. He then read
  to the group the following rules which the committee had decided upon;  
The star of the show for each meeting will be decided by drawing a marble
  from a large glass jar (which he produced). Each lady will put three marbles
  in the jar with her name on each. One marble will be randomly withdrawn from
  the jar each meeting. When a marble is taken from the jar it will be put in
  an envelope and kept out of the jar for twelve months. Thus, while it is possible
  that a lady may have to star three times in a year, it is unlikely to happen.
  The intention being that a lady who has starred in a show has a diminished
  chance of being selected again within a year but is never free of the fear
  that she might. If a lady is absent from a meeting when her marble is drawn,
  she will not be told about it until the next meeting when she will star along
  with the lady chosen on that occasion as well. Another marble will be drawn
  to choose a star for the meeting at which the lady first selected was absent.  
The membership fees will be $1,000 per year, per couple. These fees will
  be used to buy prizes for the stars and pay for the food and drinks and other
  expenses of the club.  
An application form to join the club had been written. On this form every
  person undertook to be bound by the rules of the club and acknowledged that
  they were joining of their own free will.  
He then explained that Bruce and Ursula had withdrawn from the club. They
  apologised and wished them well but that Ursula did not feel that she could
  take the punishment that Ann took last month. He said that there was another
  couple interested in joining.  
&quot;Now for tonight's show,&quot; he continued. &quot;The instrument tonight
  will be the martinet&quot; He paused and Jenny carried to him a device with
  a wooden handle about nine inches long from which hung about 8 leather thongs
  each about two feet six inches long and about the thickness of a shoelace. &quot;This
  is a French invention&quot; he said. &quot;It has more sting than the cane
  and the lashes tend to flick down into nooks and crevices that a cane or paddle
  cannot find. However because there is very little weight in the lashes they
  do not bruise as much as other instruments can do. Our star tonight will enjoy
  six strokes on the buttocks and thighs followed by two across the breasts.&quot; Karen
  gasped. Richard had spanked and caned her on her bottom before but never had
  her breasts been made to suffer. Could she stand this? How would it feel? Surely
  at least some of the lashes will strike her sensitive nipples and surrounding
  areola. Again a delicious trembling both from fear and the lascivious expectation
  of being made helpless before all these people rippled through her body.  
When the many gasps and other female noises had subsided Alex continued to
  speak. He asked Jenny to bring over the next toy. She returned with a broom
  handle. He used her to demonstrate that by placing the handle across her back
  and hooking her elbows over it and then tying her hands together in front of
  her, she was helpless. She could not dislodge the broom handle from her elbows
  and moreover she was forced to thrust her breasts forward to ease the tension
  on her arms. He then escorted her to the two wooden pillars and showed that
  by clamping each end of the broomstick to each pillar she was immobile. Also
  her feet could be tied to each post as well thus holding them wide apart.  
&quot;Thank you Jenny,&quot; he said, &quot;This ladies is what one of you
  will enjoy this evening. Now will you please fill out your membership application
  forms and then write your names on three of these marbles so that we can find
  our lucky winner for tonight.&quot; Jenny hastily withdrew. She, as a committee
  member knew what, was planned for the evening but even so felt awkward having
  her body used to display the use of the broom stick.  
Karen looked at Jenny and thought what a strange position the ladies on the
  committee were in having to help plan an erotic show for each meeting, never
  knowing if they will have to star in it. Jenny and Alex's demonstration had
  been awesome. Whoever had thought of the broomstick and the pillars was diabolical.
  The star was totally immobile with the minimum of tying. Richard would love
  it. The broomstick caused Jenny's small breasts to thrust forward and even
  fully clothed she looked very sexy in that position. How would it be for her
  with her large breasts - naked? She knew she would make quite a show. Then
  she looked at the martinet. She had never seen one before. Soon it could be
  her displayed and helpless shrieking as the lashes swirled around her body
  - her breasts. Why was it that the feeling of being a helpless victim always
  made her feel so aroused? She felt the now familiar swelling in her nipples
  and between her legs. Richard was looking at her. He was aroused by her. He
  was obsessed by her. He loved her. Not only did he love her for the joy he
  found in her body and her companionship but by allowing herself to be available
  for these shows she gave him the enjoyment of sharing in the erotic displays
  of the other women of the club as well.  
Leonie had selected a large bag containing the little wooden marbles and
  was handing three of them to each lady. Karen took her three and a fine pointed
  marking pen and began to write her name on each marble. When she had finished
  she put them in the jar. She then took a blank membership application form
  and filled it out and signed it. Her business training made her aware that
  it was a legal document and shielded the club or its members of any responsibility
  to any of the participants at the meetings. In it she volunteered to accept
  any punishment the club chose to inflict on her during the club meetings. Later
  she found out that Derek who is a solicitor had drawn it up.  
Suzanne, who was a committee member, was checking that all marbles were put
  in the jar while her husband Daryl collected the membership forms. Richard
  like some of the others gave Daryl a cheque for the $1000 membership fee with
  his membership form. The committee had decided to make Suzanne the club treasurer.
  She was a tall slim girl about twenty-eight years old with chestnut hair, which
  cascaded to her shoulders in gentle curls. She wore large glasses with fashionable
  octagonal frames. Her tight black knee length skirt emphasised her wide hips
  and flat stomach. A white loose fitting blouse with short puffy sleeves and
  slightly padded shoulders allowed her obviously braless breasts to seem to
  have life of their own as they swayed and rolled under the light cotton material.
  She had a pretty face with a slightly large mouth which was constantly smiling
  and laughing. Daryl was tall and slim also. His fashionably cut hair covered
  most of his ears although a small silver ring could still be seen in the lobe
  of one ear. Both spoke well and obviously enjoyed making conversation.  
Finally all the marbles were marked and in the jar. The only exception being
  one of Ann's marbles, which was placed in an envelope with the date of the
  last meeting, marked on it and kept in a separate box. It was felt that, since
  she had already done a show, one of her marbles should be taken out according
  to the rules and not be replaced in the jar for twelve months.  
Alex clapped his hands to interrupt the buzz of conversation and move on
  with the proceedings of the night. He asked Suzanne to pick up the jar and
  shake it to mix up the marbles. Richard wondered whether his choice of Suzanne
  to do this was influenced by her standing near the jar at the time or was it
  because of the obvious effect the shaking of the jar would have on her swaying
  breasts. After thoroughly mixing the marbles (much to everyone's delight) Alex
  asked her to close her eyes and reach in, select a marble and read the name
  on it. Karen wondered how Suzanne would feel if she drew out her own marble.
  She withdrew one of the little wooden balls and after holding the ball so she
  could read it through the reading lens of her bifocal glasses said in the style
  of the Hollywood Academy Awards &quot;And the winner is... Maria&quot;  
Maria unwittingly sustained the Academy Award parody by screaming like most
  actresses do when their name is announced and hugging her partner. Terry knew
  as she pressed her body to his that this was no act. When she calmed down,
  which she did very quickly, Terry asked her to walk amongst the guests and
  remove her clothing and hand items to the guests as she did so. She was dressed
  in a similar style as she wore last meeting. Her red full skirt and blouse
  with its low scooping neckline gave her a gipsy look particularly with the
  chunky gold bracelets, neck chains and ear rings that she wore. Her shining
  black hair was fashioned into two small plaits each being tied in a small red
  ribbon. A diamond studded gold cross hung from the longest of her neck chains
  where it nestled in her abundant cleavage. She slowly removed her skirt and
  gave it to Terry, then with great trepidation began her circulation amongst
  the guests. Each couple warmly embraced her and this made her feel less afraid
  as she progressively shed her clothing.  
By the time she reached Karen and Richard she was wearing only her garter
  belt. She removed this and handed it to Richard. He kissed her on the lips
  while he gently stroked her buttocks. Karen hugged her and kissed her also.
  She wondered if she would be able to control her feelings as well as Maria
  was doing, had it been her marble that had been withdrawn. Maria, still wearing
  all her jewellery, stepped up on the wooden walkway and walked to Alex who
  stood near the wooden pillars. He held the broom handle across the small of
  her back and helped her to hook her elbows around it. He then produced two
  small dog collars (such as a poodle would wear) and secured one to each of
  her wrists. Finally, he used a small padlock and a small chain to tie the collars
  together across her belly. She presented the guests with an awesome sight.
  Her body had the voluptuous curves that most southern European women have.
  Her very large breasts were thrust forward as a result of the broom handle
  pressing on her back. Her nipples and large aureole were darkly coloured with
  each nipple standing erect. Clearly she was excited, standing naked and displayed
  before these people, this was exacerbated by the cool night air swirling around
  her body, and making her feel more naked than ever.  
She did not know whether to be happy or horrified when Alex announced that
  her appointment with the martinet would not be for half an hour. In the meantime
  she must mingle with the guests who would like to caress her and feed her from
  the array of savouries and finger food that Nicole was bringing out.  
Karen tingled all over as she watched Maria moving clumsily amongst the guests.
  The position in which she was tied making it necessary for the humbling necessity
  of requiring other people to put food and drink to her lips. Of course food
  and drink was occasionally dropped on her breasts thrusting lewdly forward. "helpful" males
  eager to make sure they were "really clean" used up quite a few paper napkins
  to wipe them dry.  
Alex announced that the committee had chosen a present for Ann in appreciation
  for her show last month. Jenny appeared carrying a tray on which sat a lovely
  crystal decanter and glasses. Ann stepped up on the walkway and accepted her
  present and kisses from Jenny and Alex.  
Karen and Richard began to chat to Derek and Isobel. Isobel was very friendly
  and introduced herself and Derek very warmly. She was a well dressed person
  with short blonde hair. Her body was trim and she had the look of a person
  who is careful with her diet and does regular exercise. Derek was about thirty
  five years old and had a solid build and dark complexion. Karen did not find
  him to be very likeable. He was rather uncommunicative and when he did speak
  he seemed full of his own importance. She complimented him on the membership
  form he had drafted. All he could say was &quot;Oh well - we will see how good
  it is when somebody sues us.&quot; Later she commented on his taciturn behaviour
  to Richard. &quot;Maybe he will loosen up once he gets to know us better,&quot; said
  Richard.  
&quot;I hope so,&quot; she replied &quot;He will be a bit of a bore otherwise.&quot;  
Alex interrupted the conversation and announced that it was time for Maria
  to continue with her show. Karen watched her make her way back to the wooden
  walkway. She walked stiffly and was hampered by the ends of the broom handle
  protruding on either side of her body, which kept catching on people and other
  obstacles. Karen was sure that Maria would be feeling some pain already from
  the uncomfortable position in which she was tied. Maria, in arching her back
  and thrusting her breasts forward, no longer caring about the display she gave
  as she sought vainly to find a more comfortable position verified Karen's thoughts  
Alex fixed a dog collar to each ankle and then escorted the helpless woman
  to stand between the two wooden pillars where he tied each collar to one of
  the pillars. Thus she stood feet wide apart, unable to close her legs no matter
  how hard she might wish to. Next by using carpenters clamps, he fixed each
  end of the broom handle to each pillar. Maria was indeed, helpless, exposed
  and vulnerable. She looked proudly at the guests and smiled at her husband.
  He blew her a kiss and gave her a thumbs up sign. She returned the gesture
  as best she could from her hands as they pressed against her belly. She then
  adopted a resolute expression with her mouth pressed into a thin line. It was
  obvious that she would not easily give in to the caress of the martinet.  
Richard was surprised when Ross tapped him on the shoulder and handed him
  the martinet. John had also been selected also to assist in Maria's discipline.
  Richard had not previously had much to do with John and Julie but they were
  clearly the clubs youngest members. He was about 24 years old and Julie would
  only be about 22. His body was short and muscular and he looked like an iron
  man. His blonde wife could not escape attention, as she was beautiful. She
  had long blond hair that extended to the centre of her back and a firm shapely
  body. Last month her hair was braided. Tonight it hung in a ponytail. Richard
  handed the martinet to John and said, &quot;You do the first six.&quot; John
  agreed.  
Karen was disappointed not to have Richard's arms around her during the show.
  She stood near Julie who was also alone. Despite the fact that they had not
  previously spoken to each other, Karen felt Julie reach out and take her hand
  in hers.  
Maria was strong. John stood to her side and behind her as he brought the
  martinet in a singing circular horizontal sweep. Her bottom clenched, her body
  stiffened, her chest and flaring nostrils evidenced her heavy breathing but
  she did not utter a sound. A thick red weal appeared on her left buttock where
  the collection of lashes fell. This mark split on the right cheek as the lashes
  spread out leaving thin raised pink lines as evidence of their burning kiss.
  Most curled around her hips and left their marks on the gentle rise of the
  right of her belly.  
He stepped to her other side and repeated the stroke. Despite the mirror
  image set of weals extending across her bottom and around to the left of her
  belly, crossing and recrossing the previous weals in red ridges she still made
  no sound. Next John held the instrument high above his head and struck down
  onto her right buttock. The burning strands hit the curve of her cheek and
  spread out. Some ran down the side of her leg curling around to the front her
  thigh. Others continued down the trembling buttock curling under the soft overhang,
  across the sensitive crease where buttock meets thigh and down the back of
  the leg. All these strands hurt but none like the ones that fell into the crease
  of her bottom and made little lines of raging fire run across her quivering
  anus down between her legs to draw ridges of fire along the soft moistness
  of her spread labia. She squealed.  
Karen felt Julie's grip tighten on her hand as she watched her husband make
  Maria twist, clench and shake in a futile effort to rid herself of the little
  ridges of pain criss-crossing her lower body. He struck twice more on the back
  of each wide spread leg, causing the lashes to wind around the sensitive flesh
  on her inside leg. Both strokes were accompanied by howls from Maria and panted
  pleas for him to stop. His final stroke was a repeat of the third, only this
  time on her left buttock. Maria was oblivious of anything but the burning of
  her lower body. Her most sensitive flesh was now a riot of stinging fire. Yet
  she felt another fire as well. From her throbbing clitoris to her bulging nipples
  she felt a burning itch for stimulation. If only she could rub her nipples,
  rub her crotch, pull her legs together and rub her labia together.  
There was a pause as John handed the instrument to Richard. Karen knew how
  hard he could be. She had shown him the passion that can be released in some
  women (women like her) by a vigorous whipping. She had never been whipped on
  the breasts before. Could she stand it, if he did to her what he was about
  to do to Maria? Her breasts were huge like Maria's - He was probably imagining
  her, comparing her to Maria. If he enjoyed himself, and he obviously was, sooner
  or later she must inevitably find herself in Maria's position. Again she felt
  a familiar wetness between her legs and the pressure of enlarged nipples pressing
  against her brassier.  
Maria opened her eyes to see Richard standing in front of her. Suddenly she
  realised what he was about to do.  
&quot;No! No! - Not my tits&quot; she begged.  
The broom handle forced her to present them proudly. They presented a perfect
  target. It was impossible for her to shrink away. He stepped up close to her
  and, reaching behind her neck, he gently undid the chain from which the little
  diamond studded cross hung in the deep valley between her breasts. He kissed
  her tenderly on the mouth and stood back.  
Richard wound back like a golfer and struck brutally along the top of her
  left breast letting the strands spread out along the right. As expected some
  ran up to her shoulder and others curled around the right side of her body,
  however the ones that sent the most screaming message of fire to her brain
  were the ones that crossed her right aureole and whipped over her erect nipple.
  She screamed and most of the female spectators gasped. Karen and Julie were
  hugging each other by now. He changed sides and struck again. He aimed for
  the underside of the right breast, causing it to jump as the eight strands
  hit it and spread out. Now it was the left nipple and its dark halo that felt
  the agony as two of the tiny strands of fire snaked across it.  
One last squeal broke the night air before Maria, now covered in perspiration
  and with other feminine moisture tickling down the inside of her legs, was
  gently kissed by Richard and John. Ross gave Terry a tube of soothing slippery
  ointment and suggested that he massage his wife with it. Oblivious to her audience
  Maria moaned with delight while, still tied and held in place by the broom
  handle, Terry rubbed the cool ointment over her burning buttocks, her swollen
  nipples and her throbbing clitoris. Soon she shuddered and squealed with delight
  as Terry caused her to climax by sliding one slippery finger into her tender
  anus and rubbing the soothing ointment in and around her labia and clitoris
  with his other hand.  
Soon after, Alex undid the collars at her wrists and ankles and unclasped
  the broom handle. Maria stretched her cramped muscles by raising her arms in
  the air and whirled them about. By now being naked amongst other fully clothed
  people was quite normal for her. Richard and John returned to their wives who
  were talking excitedly together. Alex kissed them goodbye as he escorted Terry
  and the still naked Maria inside the house where they would have a bedroom
  and en suite to themselves for the night.  
No one stood around talking. Richard remarked that he had never seen a party
  break up so fast as they drove home quickly. Karen was naked before she got
  out of the car. She tore the clothes off a willing Richard before they had
  made it to the living room carpet where they stayed.  
Chapter 4  
&quot;You know, now that Bruce and Ursula have left the club, I wonder if
  we should invite someone to join.&quot; Karen said to Richard.  
&quot;Who do you have in mind?&quot; he replied.  
&quot;I thought Gary and Wendy might be interested.&quot;  
&quot;Your brother?&quot;  
&quot;Yes! Even when he was a boy I saw him reading magazines with ladies
  being tied up and stuff.&quot;  
&quot;What sort of 'stuff'?&quot;  
&quot;Oh smacking caning - things like that - Our sort of stuff.&quot;  
&quot;You seem to know a lot about your brothers reading habits.&quot;  
&quot;He used to hide the magazines under the bottom drawer of his dresser.
  He thought nobody knew - but I did - I used to sneak in whenever I was home
  alone and read them.&quot;  
&quot;You must have enjoyed them - to go to the trouble.&quot;  
&quot;Yes - It was just curiosity at first, but soon I used to imagine myself
  tied up like that and being so vulnerable and available. I used to masturbate
  myself just thinking about it.&quot;  
Richard stopped eating his scrambled egg and looked at his wife. &quot;But
  what about Wendy?&quot; he said. &quot;We can't just rock on up to them and
  say 'Hey we are in this club where every month one of the girls is tied up
  and punished.&quot;  
She told him not to be so silly. She felt that the idea had to be put to
  them in the right context. She knew her brother would like it but she would
  have to make sure her sister in law would enjoy it as well. They decided that
  they would invite Gary around for a barbecue dinner on the coming weekend.
  Gary and Wendy had moved down from the country about three months ago and had
  not yet developed a lot of friends in Brisbane.  
Saturday night came and Gary and Wendy arrived as invited. Richard welcomed
  them at the door and escorted them through the house to the swimming pool and
  barbecue area at the back of the house. Karen was swimming in the pool when
  they walked out of the house. She was naked. She waved unselfconsciously to
  them and dived under water. Karen was really very aroused. She had been naked
  before her brother before but that was years ago before she was married. She
  had grown up a lot since then and so had he. Wendy was a quiet girl; she had
  lovely dark brown hair, which fell in curls to her shoulders. Her eyes were
  brown as well and seemed so large on her small face with her high cheekbones.
  She wore a green blouse printed with parrots and gum leaves. The material at
  the front was stretched over her brassier, which supported her prominent breasts.
  Her jungle green denim Levy's were tight and fitted snugly around her bottom
  and in the crease between her shapely legs. Gary was as extrovert as ever.
  He had auburn hair the same as Karen (and their mother) had, but his close
  trimmed beard was a much darker colour. He wore blue Levy's and had a white
  shirt and blue denim vest.  
Richard poured drinks and handed them to his guests. He reached down and
  handed one to Karen in the pool. The three then sat on the coping around the
  edge of the pool to talk to (and watch) Karen. She chatted happily as she swirled
  and swum in the pool. It was solar heated and quite warm. Her very large breasts
  were weightless in the water and she enjoyed standing in the water with just
  the tops of her nipples breaking the surface. The motion of the water made
  them sway and bounce as if invisible hands were moving them. Her nipples were
  quite erect with the excitement of being on display.  
After talking for about half an hour and as they began on the third round
  of drinks, Richard asked if they minded Karen being naked. Of course they both
  said &quot;No.&quot; He went on to explain how they were looking at ways to
  liven up their sex life. He even mentioned how close they had come to splitting
  up some months ago. Karen said that she was feeling wonderfully &quot;horny&quot; swimming
  naked in their presence. Then Richard mentioned the club. Karen joined in and
  enthusiastically described how it worked. They mentioned that they were telling
  them this because if they wanted to they could probably join also.  
Karen got out of the pool and put on a terry-towelling wrap. It served to
  keep the cool June air from her but did little to constrain the movement of
  her swaying breasts. She was constantly aware of this by the rubbing of her
  nipples against the towelling. This, of course, was one of the reasons why
  normally she always wore a bra.  
The barbecue was lit and an enjoyable meal followed. The conversation was
  wide ranging and happy. The club was discussed again and both Richard and Karen
  described Ann's and Maria's shows at the previous meetings.  
&quot;Have you ever seen anything like that before?&quot; Richard asked his
  in-laws.  
&quot;Only when I have done it to Wendy&quot; he replied as she glared at
  him.  
Karen and Richard did not pursue this delightful admission, but moved the
  conversation on to other things.  
After the meal was over and they were all sipping coffee to which a handy
  nip of Irish liqueur had been added, Karen suggested that they might like to
  join her in a skinny dip. To her delight they agreed. Richard and Gary quickly
  undressed and dived in the pool. Karen assisted Wendy who could not remove
  her tight Levy's by herself. Karen could not help but notice how Gary had filled
  out since she last saw his naked body. Clearly the years he had spent working
  on the farm since then had developed his muscles. Wendy was a delight to see
  as she walked naked to the pool. She had a shy graceful manner and her body
  was poetry in motion as her breasts bounced while she walked. She had small
  pale pink nipples surrounded by even paler aureole. The cold air made her small
  nipples stand erect as she walked.  
Karen quickly threw off her wrap and dived in. They enjoyed the warm water.
  The cool evening air making the water seem warmer than it was. They frolicked
  in the water for more than an hour. Karen had placed chilled moselle beside
  the pool along with an esky full of ice and beer. As anyone needed a drink,
  all they needed to do was reach out over the coping and get one. There was
  ample opportunity for stimulating body contact as they picked each other up
  and rode on each other's back as they cavorted around in the pool.  
Finally Richard said &quot;OK! it's getting late - before you leave Karen
  wants to put on a little show. We decided to do this to help you decide if
  you want to join our club.&quot;  
Karen, taking her cue got, out of the pool and folded a towel longways and
  lay it along the coping. Then still naked and dripping wet positioned herself
  on her hands and knees on the towel. She then folded her hands and rested on
  her elbows and used her forearms to provide a cushion for her forehead. The
  towel protected her elbows, knees and breasts from the rough brick coping.
  Thus was she displayed, with her rump high in the air and her back sloping
  down to her head resting on her arms. The puffed folds of her labia were fully
  visible as they protruded between her legs as was her clitoris and of course
  her tiny puckered anus which was almost the highest point of her body.  
In addition to being a demonstration for her brother and sister in law, This
  occasion was of additional significance to Karen since this was her first public
  flogging. Whilst she had by now ceased to be a stranger to the cane and the
  lash, she was now revelling in the sensation of having others watch her as
  she contemplated the whipping that she was to endure.  
Richard climbed out of the water and with a huge erection swaying and bobbing
  as he walked picked up a cane that had been previously deposited behind the
  barbecue. He stood on the concrete beside the pool where, because Karen had
  chosen a place where the pool wall extended almost two feet out of the ground
  her rump was presented to him at the level of his waist. He bent and kissed
  her tenderly on the back of the neck and ran his hand gently over her buttocks
  and down the widely spread crease from her anus to the moist lips of her vagina.  
With her head resting on her arms and her hair falling around her face, Karen
  could not see Richard. She moaned gently in response to his gentle caress and
  when that ceased she knew her self-imposed punishment was soon to begin. Soon
  she heard the whirr of the cane as it sliced through the air followed by the
  crack as it bit into her waiting flesh. She moaned and wriggled and clenched
  her buttocks as the first line of stinging fire was drawn across her body.
  She had barely become still before the second whirr and crack caused another
  line of agony to appear. She squealed in pain and wriggled some more. This
  was also the first time she had been caned whilst unrestrained. She had promised
  Richard that she would remain in position for her show for Gary and Wendy.
  Could she control herself and stay in position? &quot;Two down, four to go, &quot;she
  thought to herself&quot; - I must concentrate and stay in position.&quot;  
Wendy was clinging to Gary as they stood together naked in the water. The
  water was just below Wendy's breasts. Gary had his arms around his wife and
  was gently kneading her buttocks. He was very conscious of his huge erection
  that he had hidden below the water.  
Richard struck a third time. Again his wife squealed in response. She realised
  that wet skin is more sensitive than dry and that was why the cane was hurting
  more than usual. Also she had never been so bent over before and the tightness
  of her bottom made it worse as well. Richard paused and again caressed her
  buttocks. This revived the fiery pain but increased the delightful throbbing
  sensation in her swollen nipples and clitoris.  
He stopped caressing her and soon two more pairs of red lines ran across
  her bottom, each greeted by an agonised shriek from Karen. It was strange,
  Richard observed how the cane creates not one but two parallel red ridges of
  fire either side of the line of impact.  
She was struggling now to remain in position. Completely oblivious to the
  show she was providing for her husband, brother and sister in law she shook,
  wriggled, clenched and twisted her bottom in her efforts to accommodate the
  roaring fire of sensation from her buttocks. She also could be seen rubbing
  her legs together to stimulate her sensation hungry clitoris.  
The last blow was the worst of all. Richard hit diagonally and had drawn
  the infamous five bar gate on her. The diagonal stripe cutting across the other
  five caused a double dose of stinging hurt at each of the intersections.  
She stood up repeating &quot;Oh oh oh&quot; as she rubbed her posterior with
  both hands. Richard embraced her with his enlarged penis sandwiched between
  their bellies. Over his shoulder he said &quot;We are going to our bedroom,
  you guys can stay over in our guest room if you like - see you in the morning!&quot;  
Wendy by this time had brushed against Gary's erection under the water and
  realised that she would not be leaving the house before she had helped him
  discharge this formidable weapon that she loved so much. Besides, Karen and
  Richard had left her feeling wonderfully aroused with the show they provided
  for them. She and Gary jumped quickly from of the pool and gathering towels
  and clothes followed their hosts into the house.  
While enjoying breakfast together next morning, Wendy asked Karen how they
  should go about joining the club.
Chapter 5  
The club's June meeting was only a week after Gary and Wendy's visit. Karen
  had phoned Ross soon after her brother and sister had left and told him about
  their wanting to join. He was happy to hear this piece of news because another
  couple whom he had in mind as members had turned out to be unsuitable. He said
  that he would propose Wendy and Gary as members during the committee meeting
  that was planned for tomorrow night. They would be invited to attend the next
  meeting that was to be held the following Sunday night.  
Karen was worried. What sort of show was planned for Sunday? She had missed
  having to put on a show for two meetings now, how much longer could she avoid
  it? She started to do arithmetic in her head. There were thirteen ladies in
  the club. Fourteen counting Wendy but she would not be eligible for selection
  on her first night. Each had put in her three marbles so there were thirty-nine
  in the jar. Two had been taken out these being for Ann and Maria who had now
  each done a show. Her odds were three in thirty seven. She had really enjoyed
  her little show last Saturday night but she was still tender on the rump. If
  she had to do another show tonight, it would be very painful for her take any
  more strokes on her bottom.  
The meeting was to be held at Peter and Ingrid's house. Richard recognised
  Peter as a real estate agent who sometimes appeared on TV. In his advertisements
  he appeared taller and more flamboyant than he was in the flesh. He was medium
  build about 5'10 tall with straight blond hair. Ingrid as her name suggested
  was of Scandinavian descent. She was a petite girl about 28 years old, slightly
  younger than Peter and about 5' tall. She wore a short white pleated skirt
  that accentuated her attractive feminine hips and followed the graceful curve
  of her buttocks under cupping them as she walked. She wore a matching white
  blouse with short puffy sleeves. The low curved neckline displayed the cleavage
  between her breasts. She wore a bra that held her breasts up and out which
  made them appear larger than they were. She was a happy charming girl whose
  blue eyes sparkled as she greeted her guests.  
Their house was spacious on a block of land of about ten acres. It was in
  a prime location in the centre of a large development on the northern outskirts
  of the city. Behind the house was a swimming pool surrounded by many trees.
  Adjoining the pool was a large area tiled in slate slabs. Various lights shone
  into the foliage of the trees and shrubs surrounding the area. The various
  colours chosen for the lights enhanced the colours of the leaves and flowers.
  Centrally located in this entertainment area was a pergola under which was
  a heavy wooden out door table. Karen noticed that a thin foam rubber mattress
  covered the table top and that a pair of wrist straps, spaced about two feet
  apart, were attached to the short end of the table. She wondered what these
  arrangements were for but knew that everyone would know soon enough.  
Soon Gary and Wendy arrived and Karen and Richard busied themselves introducing
  them to their many friends in the club. Wendy was surprised that all these
  people publicly enjoyed what she and Gary had previously only done in private.
  What a delightful idea it was to share the experience with others. She told
  Karen that she was "all goose bumps with both fear and excitement in case she
  was chosen". She seemed disappointed when Karen explained that she was exempt
  since this was her first night.  
Ingrid was an experienced hostess and Peter had spared no effort to make
  the night enjoyable. Karen made a point of introducing Maria to Gary and Wendy.
  Everyone wanted to talk to Maria about her spectacular show last month. Karen
  wanted Wendy to know all about it so that she would be in no doubt as to what
  she was getting into. Maria was exuberant, she had never had to endure anything
  like what she went through last month and she kept saying to anyone who wanted
  to listen (and there was no shortage) that she would have given anything to
  escape that wicked martinet at first. After a while however she became so aroused
  and her feelings and emotions became so intense it all soon became one huge
  erotic experience. That night she and Terry had a wild time together and had
  continued to share unrepressed sexual abandon for the rest of the month. It
  had made her feel like a very sexy lady and she began to behave like one. The
  martinet hurt like hell but the weals and swelling went away in a couple of
  days which she said was a pity because it was so nice to have Terry rub soothing
  cream into her swollen buttocks, labia and breasts. She had not worn panties
  under her dress since then because she had felt so sexy.  
Karen was having such a good time talking and enjoying herself with her friends
  that she was surprised when Peter interrupted the babble of conversation by
  tapping on his glass. This method of gaining attention was seeming to become
  a club tradition. He welcomed everybody to their home and thanked Ingrid for
  the great job she had done in arranging the evening. He then introduced Ross
  who was again to be the Master of Ceremonies for the show that night.  
Ross walked over to the table that stood in the centre of the gathering.
  There was nothing to indicate that its purpose was other than that of an outdoor
  table except for the thin mattress on top and the wrist straps on the end.  
Ross began to speak, &quot;Folks! &quot; he said, &quot;Your committee decided
  to do something a bit different tonight.&quot; &quot;Our star tonight will
  certainly put on a show and experience sensations that she will certainly have
  never felt before. First of all, Daryl has something to show you.&quot;  
Daryl walked over to a table in the corner of the entertainment area and
  uncovered a large glass jar that had been concealed by a tablecloth. He passed
  the jar around the assembled crowd. From the expressions and gasps of the ladies
  who were close enough to see the contents of the jar, Karen knew that the contents
  must have been pretty scary.  
When it was passed to her she saw the large ants inside. Each was about twelve
  millimetres long with a large brown head and an equally large bulbous green
  abdomen. They had large jaws and would clearly give quite a sting. Obviously
  this was the idea but where and how often would tonight's victim be stung?  
Ross asked Ingrid to bring out the jar with the marbles in it. Then when
  requested she shook the jar. laughing nervously, she closed her eyes and held
  it above her head. Reaching up with her other hand, she took a marble from
  the jar.  
Clenching it tightly in her hand she said &quot;I can't look&quot; and handed
  it to Ross.  
Ross looked at it then looked about the group and into the expectant and
  fearful eyes of each lady present. Then he said one word &quot;Karen.&quot;  
Karen gasped, Richard embraced and kissed her, and she cried, &quot;I knew
  it - I just knew it would be me.&quot;  
She walked over to the table and stood silently in front of Ross. Her eyes
  fixed on the jar of ants that had been placed on the table.  
Ross motioned Maria and Julie to come forward. Then he asked them to help
  Karen remove her clothes. Karen was amazed at the feeling of being exposed
  before all these people. Already she felt wetness between her legs. Legs that
  she feared would collapse beneath her so afraid was she.  
She undid the two catches on the front of her dress and the two girls lifted
  it off her shoulders. She wriggled as she pushed it over her hips and let it
  fall in a pool of soft material at her feet. She decided to stand proud in
  her black bra, panties, garter belt and stockings. Then Julie unclipped her
  bra and her large breasts were free. She removed it and handed it to Maria.
  Every eye watched her every move as she stooped and removed her tiny panties.
  Her breasts swayed and she knew that she was presenting quite a sight to the
  watching men. She decided that she would make no attempt to remove her garter
  belt and stockings because Ross would probably prefer her to leave them on.
  She was right. Again she stood proudly before him, breasts thrust forward rising
  and falling slightly as she breathed. Ross made no indication for her to undress
  further.  
He took her by the shoulders and turned her around with her back to the end
  of the table. He then motioned her to step back slowly until her buttocks touched
  the edge of the table. Then Maria and Julie each took one of her wrists and
  as she rested against the table they fastened each wrist to the edge of the
  table with the straps. Thus she stood immobile. She felt the edge of the table
  pressing into her rump as she stood with her arms hanging down with each hand
  held about six inches away from her side. She looked at the faces watching
  her intently. She could almost feel their eyes on her breasts and her pubic
  bush framed by the straps of her garter belt.  
The next move surprised her. Ross made her lie back on the table. Of course,
  this resulted in her having to lift her feet off the ground as she did so.
  The two girls supported each leg as she lay on the table. She was supported
  from her upper buttocks to her head, her lower buttocks and legs hung over
  open space. Her wrists fixed to the straps at the end of the table prevented
  her from sliding up or down the table. Next she felt straps being put around
  her ankles. Nylon ropes were attached to these straps and thrown over the roofing
  beams above her and behind her head. She watched the ropes go over the beams
  as she lay looking up in the air wondering what they would do with her legs.  
She was awestruck as she felt her ankles being pulled apart and back over
  her head by the ropes. &quot;No!&quot; she shrieked as the ropes were tightened
  and her buttocks were lifted from the table by the tension on her legs. Looking
  up she could see her stockinged feet and the ankle straps holding them above
  her head and oh so wide apart. Her wide flung legs drew her labia, moist from
  her sexual excitement, apart and she could feel the cool night air on her sensitive
  membranes.  
How much more exposed could a woman be. All she was conscious of was her
  feminine crease drawn wide apart. She wanted to close her legs but this was
  denied her. The women in the group watched her and whispered nervously to each
  other and their husbands. Each obviously wondering how she would feel had her
  marble been drawn, leaving her the one on the table stretched and open.  
Richard was totally aroused and stared at his wife struggling in a futile
  attempt to move within her bonds. From the end of the table he could not see
  her face just her anus and vagina held up, apart, open and available. The pink
  lines from her caning were still visible from her demonstration for Wendy last
  Saturday. Richard was sure that he was being given some quizzical glances from
  the other guests as they saw the decorations on his lovely wife's buttocks.  
Karen was embarrassed at having the secrets of her bottom exposed for all
  to see but most of all she was not looking forward to having its tender roundness
  inflicted with additional strokes so soon. Scary though the ants were, at least
  they wouldn't involve hitting her, she hoped.  
Ross stroked Karen's hair and announced that they would have a ten minute
  break to allow Karen to savoir her bondage position before we add to her sensations
  with the ants that Daryl had so generously collected for the occasion.  
&quot;Savoir indeed&quot; Karen thought as she again tried to close her legs.
  She wondered if the wetness she felt in her vagina was visible to the gathering.
  The exposure was maddening. She was so embarrassed by the obvious display she
  was forced to make of herself yet the feeling of the eyes studying her open
  crease was wonderfully exciting. &quot;Surely being opened like this was bad
  enough&quot; she thought. The ants she saw in the bottle were terrifying. She
  had been bitten by ants before usually on the foot. She remembered the hot
  burning sting that made the area around the area swollen, tender and sore.
  What would it be like to have more than one bite and in places more sensitive
  than her foot?  
Richard stood beside her and stooped down and kissed her gently on the lips. &quot;How's
  it feel&quot; he said.  
&quot;Terrible&quot; she replied &quot;I feel so open and vulnerable.&quot;  
&quot;You look great&quot; he replied.  
He kissed her again and ran his hand down the back of her leg and over the
  sensitive pink open lips of her vagina and down over her small puckered anus.
  She shuddered from the flood of sensations he caused her. The guests all crowded
  around to admire her. Many of them kissed her and gently cupped and fondled
  her breasts and buttocks. Some of the men could not resist running their fingers
  up her crease some letting one or two fingers fall into her gaping vagina.
  It was the most erotic experience she had ever experienced.  
The ten minutes seemed to last forever for Karen. The attention she received
  and the constant reminder of her openness from the cool night air on her wet
  sensitive labia kept her in a maddening state of arousal. She felt so vulnerable.
  Her most intimate and sensitive parts were all totally available for whatever
  they had in mind for her with the ants. There was nothing she could do to stop
  them even if she wanted to. She just had to lie there, on display, in an ever-increasing
  state of apprehension arousal and increasing pain as her wide stretched crotch
  and leg muscles strained against the ropes.  
Eventually the time came to an end and Ross again stood beside the table.
  This time he held the dreaded jar of ants in his hand. Daryl stood on the other
  side of the table. He handed the jar to Daryl who sat on the floor.  
&quot;Right Karen,&quot; he said, &quot;this is it. Daryl is going to stick
  some ants onto some tooth picks and we will then put them on those parts of
  your body where its bite will cause you maximum sensation.&quot;  
She was sure that she could guess what some of those places would be. She
  could feel her heart-beat and the warm flush of excitement running through
  her body. Her cheeks, neck and upper breasts were pink with the blush she got
  when she was excited. She could see Richard watching her. She knew he would
  be enjoying the spectacle she was making. She wondered what Gary and Wendy
  would be feeling. What she was undergoing was pretty awesome, what would her
  brother and sister in law be feeling?  
She could hear Daryl doing something on the floor. From her position, her
  field of vision was confined to the roof and the faces of some of the crowd.
  There was no way that she could see what he was doing on the floor. Soon he
  stood up and carefully handed Ross a tooth pick. Ross showed it to her. The
  ant's abdomen had been stuck to the tooth pick with a sticky compound which
  she recognised as blue tac. The angry little insect was waving its legs vigorously,
  bending its body and opening its jaws trying to bite anything it could find.
  She tensed her body wondering where he would put the little monster.  
She soon knew the answer. Daryl took her right breast in both hands and while
  pulling it to its full height squeezed it as well. She could look down and
  see her nipple standing erect, not only from Daryl's efforts but the excitement
  she was feeling and the cool night air. Ross carefully put the tiny creature
  to her nipple. She watched in horrified fascination as it bit its tiny jaws
  into her defenceless pink flesh. She felt it touch her. She felt its tiny legs
  scratching at her and she felt the tiny jaws pinch her skin but she felt no
  pain. Not at first, but soon a warm tingling sensation flowed through the nipple
  followed soon after by a raging inferno of sensation. She felt the nipple swell
  and every nerve ending was hyper stimulated. It felt hot and it felt like it
  was twice its size.  
Daryl casually ran his thumb back and forward over the swollen nipple and
  its surrounding aureole. She squealed as the wave of sensation flooded her.
  He released her breast from his grip letting it settle back on her chest. The
  bitten nipple was clearly swollen compared to the other and had a small white
  raised lump at the point where the tiny jaws had made contact. Ross dropped
  the little creature on the floor and stood on it.  
Daryl returned to the jar on the floor while Ross stroked her hair and watched
  her chest rising and falling as she breathed deeply trying to control the many
  sensations enveloping her brain. She was oblivious of the attention of the
  rest of the guests who were all watching her intently. Some were entranced
  by the exposed secrets of her wide flung thighs while others watched her face
  as she gasped and moaned.  
Soon Daryl stood up again with another ant. He handed it to Ross who took
  the toothpick and admired the tiny creature wriggling on the end of the stick.
  He took hold of her left breast and squeezed it and again pulled it to its
  full height, the nipple standing erect on top. Karen squealed loudly as she
  saw the ant being carefully positioned on the sensitive nub of flesh. The squeal
  became a moan as a second wave of heat began to spread through her.  
Daryl disappeared again and soon stood up again.  
&quot;Oh God! Not more she gasped.  
&quot;Ross smiled and said &quot;We have only just begun he said.  
To her horror he moved from her side to take up a position where he could
  work on her feminine crease stretched widely open. She watched him take yet
  another horrible little insect from Daryl and take it down out of her view
  below her little bush of pubic hair. She could feel the rush of wetness trickle
  from her widely open sex and run down over her anus. She squealed again as
  she felt the tell tale scratching of tiny feet, but this time it was on her
  swollen and sensitive clitoris. She could not tell which of the scratchings
  on the sensitive pink morsel of flesh was the jaws of the tiny creature and
  the fact that she could not see what was going on made the anticipation of
  the bite even worse. Very soon, however, she felt the familiar burning sensitivity
  transform her clit into a raging centre of agonising fire. This began to spread
  into the other sensitive moist membranes of this most sensitive part of her
  body.  
Time stood still for Karen. She lost contact with her surroundings and was
  oblivious to all but the riot of sensation raging through her body from the
  three points of intense swollen throbbing pain. She shook her head from side
  to side, her beautiful auburn hair sweeping over her face and spreading and
  receding across the mattress. She wailed, gasped and shrieked constantly as
  the first of many orgasms racked her body causing her legs to pull on the ropes
  holding them up and apart. In pulling on them, she raised her bottom further
  from the table and offered an even more lewd view of herself to the many eyes
  glued to her.  
Three more times was she to feel the burning kiss of the tiny creatures,
  but it was lost in the awesome fury of the sensations washing over her again
  and again. Two of the bites were placed deep in her gaping vagina, one on each
  side, and one on her anus which was so invitingly presented. Perspiration covered
  her body and the heavy table shook from her violent movements. Her pink crease
  was awash both from perspiration and the abundant feminine secretions from
  the open vagina. There was no shortage of hands eager to add to her sensation
  by rubbing and pulling at her clitoris and labia. Fingers were inserted into
  her convulsing vagina and into her anus as well. Daryl worked his middle finger
  up deep into her anus and then put his thumb into her vagina. She screamed
  as he brought them together inside her and convulsed as another orgasmic wave
  caused her vagina to close around the intruding digit.  
Wendy was stroking her hair and kissing her forehead and lips while Maria
  and Ann were adding to the deluge of sensation flooding her by sucking and
  squeezing her swollen nipples.  
Eventually it was over and she lay gasping on the table. Looking up at the
  little beads of perspiration running down her legs. Ann supported the back
  of her head with one hand and held a cold glass of Moselle to her lips. She
  was left tied and open for a further fifteen minutes while guests kissed and
  caressed her and complimented her for the show she had provided or remarked
  on her beautiful body.  
Her hands were released first and then her legs were lowered slowly. The
  pains that shot through her lower back and groin as her legs returned to their
  natural position after so prolonged a time above her head were quite welcome.
  She also enjoyed the sensation of feeling her swollen labia rubbing together
  again. Richard helped her to her feet and after embracing and kissing her fondly,
  half escorted, half carried her to Peter and Ingrid's guest room. She felt
  that she was all climaxed out but she was wrong. Richard was gentle and cuddled
  and kissed her all over. His lips and tongue reawakened the fire in the still
  sensitive bites and they enjoyed a delightful climax together before drifting
  off to sleep while still coupled together.  
  Chapter 6   
&quot;You were so brave last week&quot; Wendy said to Karen as the two women
  sipped coffee and ate croissants in a coffee shop overlooking the lunchtime
  crowd in the Brisbane Mall. The two sisters in law had drifted into the habit
  of meeting at lunchtime for a chat and a walk around the shops at least once
  a week especially since they had become close friends and realised their mutual
  love of submissive love games.  
&quot;I am really afraid that I would not be able to stand what they did
  to you.&quot; she continued. &quot;Well, there was not much I could do about
  it at the time&quot;, Karen replied &quot;I was tied up remember - and when
  those ants bit me, I did try to struggle to get free, but that's the idea.&quot; &quot;The
  hardest part was walking up to the table and undressing and making myself available
  for what they had planned.&quot; &quot;What I really like is the fear of the
  humiliation and pain and the total release of my emotions during the discipline
  session.&quot; &quot;In fact last week was less difficult for me than when
  Richard caned me in front of you and Gary three weeks ago.&quot;  
&quot;I don't understand how that can be&quot;, Wendy replied, &quot;Those
  ants that they put on you were weaver ants and they are famous for their savage
  bite.&quot;  
&quot;I don't know what they were,&quot; Karen said,&quot; but you don't
  have to tell me about how painful their bite is, but the difference was that,
  I was tied up last week.&quot;  
&quot;Why does being tied up make a difference?&quot; Wendy asked. &quot;Gary
  has never tied me up and the spankings he has given me were never as intense
  as either of the two sessions that I have seen you have.&quot; she continued.  
&quot;Well Wendy, to me it's like this; When I put on that show for you and
  Gary beside the pool three weeks ago, the caning was severe but the worst part
  was having to stay in control. I could have stood up and walked away at any
  time and I had to control my emotions to stop me doing that. Last time even
  though the sting of the ants was much worse than the cane and the ants were
  much more scary, I could yell and struggle and do what I liked but I could
  not stop them. It's the letting go and becoming completely overtaken by your
  emotions that leaves you feeling so good afterwards.&quot; &quot;After it's
  over you feel so sexy, your heart is pounding, your pussy is sopping wet, your
  backside is burning and very sensitive so that rubbing cold cream on it feels
  wonderful and your nipples are swollen and are also just dying to be touched.&quot; &quot;I
  find that the effect lasts for many days afterward. Not the physical side,
  the pain and sensitivity is mostly gone by the next morning, but every time
  I think of it, the feeling of being watched by others as you wriggled and screamed
  and displayed yourself and knowing that sooner or later it will happen again
  makes me feel so aroused.&quot;  
&quot;Yes,&quot; Wendy agreed, &quot;I think I can understand that, I think
  that lots of girls feel that way as long as they trust their man not to go
  too far.&quot;  
Karen agreed and said &quot;Have you heard Madonna's' record &quot;Hanky
  Panky&quot;, If you listen to the words it is pretty obvious that spanking
  is a part of sex for her.&quot;  
&quot;I think I can see what you mean,&quot; Wendy replied, &quot;But I am
  afraid that I will wimp out if one of my marbles is pulled out at the next
  meeting, I do want to try it not only for Gary but for me as well - I get so
  excited just thinking about it, but I am still so scared.&quot;  
&quot;You should be scared, that's the idea&quot; Karen replied &quot;But
  you don't want to let that stop you stepping forward bravely if you are called.&quot; she
  continued.  
&quot;Do you think there is anything I can do to help me face up to it?&quot; Wendy
  asked.  
&quot;I don't know,&quot; Karen replied, &quot;When Richard caned me the
  first time he tied me up and I didn't know what was going to happen - after
  that I knew that I could take it.&quot;  
&quot;Karen, I think I would like to practice a public caning first. Then
  I will know if I can do it and not be embarrassed by running away in front
  of all those people in the club. If Gary and I came to visit you, I could put
  on a show with you and Richard. Would you like that? - Would you do it for
  me?&quot; Wendy asked, her voice trailing off getting higher and higher.  
&quot;Certainly,&quot; replied her sister in law, sounding very businesslike, &quot;We
  are free on Friday night. That gives you two days to think it over. If you
  don't arrive by 7:30 PM we will forget the whole thing. Richard will be delighted
  to think up something diabolical for you, He has been making something in his
  workshop to use on me for the last few days so this might be a chance for me
  to see it sooner.&quot;  
&quot;OK! Wendy replied - Oh hell! I am getting wet with fear already. I
  will try to get there.&quot;  
&quot;Why don't you ring Gary now and tell him what you are going to do,&quot; Karen
  said, &quot;I am sure he will help you not to chicken out.&quot;  
Karen took her mobile phone from her purse and after dialling Gary's number,
  handed it to Wendy. Her face and neck were flushed as she told her husband
  what they had planned. Clearly Gary had agreed to the suggestion and smiling
  nervously but excitedly she handed the phone back to Karen. Karen suggested
  that she could invite another couple to attend since it would be more like
  a regular club night to have someone else attending that she did not know as
  well as she knew she and Richard. After some initial reluctance Wendy agreed.
  Karen could not tell her who would be coming since she did not know who would
  be available at such short notice.  
As soon as Richard got home that evening, Karen told him of the arrangements
  for Friday night. As she expected, Richard liked the idea and confirmed her
  suspicion that he had been making some &quot;equipment&quot; to use on her
  which he agreed would be ideal to use for Wendy's first public show.  
Karen rang Leonie to see if she and Warren would like to attend. Leonie accepted
  eagerly and agreed to get to Karen's house by 7:00 PM so that they would be
  there before Wendy and Gary arrived. If they arrived - Karen was not sure if
  her sister in law would make it - she hoped she would. Leonie surprised Karen
  when she suggested that if Wendy did not arrive, then she would be game enough
  to take Wendy's place.  
The big night came and Warren and Leonie arrived as planned. Although they
  had not discussed it, both girls wore outrageous outfits for the occasion.
  Leonie wore her long blonde hair in a braid with a small black ribbon on the
  end. She wore a short black leather skirt with a matching top. her stockings
  and shoes were leather as well. Her small firm breasts were obviously braless
  but were enclosed in the shaped leather of her blouse. Karen was even braver.
  She wore a full length purple dress with a bodice that laced at the back. The
  bodice was contoured to support her breasts but did not cover them. With the
  laces firmly tied at the back her breasts were lifted and displayed prominently
  by the boned cups in which they lay. Her nipples were fully visible and their
  colour matched her lips since she had carefully applied lipstick to them and
  their surrounding halos. It was clear to both husbands that they were in for
  a wonderfully erotic night regardless of whether it went as planned or not.
  They sat and sipped Chardonnay and nibbled at some savouries Karen had prepared
  and chatted happily as they waited for the guest of honour to arrive.  
They heard a car pull up outside and soon Gary and Wendy were at the door.
  Wendy stepped inside wearing an overcoat which was buttoned down the front.
  Her hands were not in the sleeves. It was soon obvious from her manner, her
  walk and the fact that she did not return an embrace when she was kissed that
  there was something strange about her. Richard grinned and said &quot;Would
  you like me to take your coat?&quot;  
She replied that she would, &quot;But you will have to do it for me&quot; she
  added.  
When he undid the buttons and lifted the coat from her shoulders everyone
  could see that apart from her red shoes and a matching red ribbon tying her
  wrists together behind her back, she was naked.  
&quot;Wow!&quot; exclaimed Richard &quot;I guess there is no mistaking why
  you are here.&quot; He then introduced Wendy and Gary to Leonie and Warren.
  They had met briefly at the previous meeting but had not really got to know
  each other. Wendy was shy at being introduced to a virtual stranger in her
  condition and the blush extending from her cheeks to the tops of her breasts
  was an obvious indication of this. She looked beautiful. Her brown hair was
  beautifully styled and her make up made her bright brown eyes seem much larger.
  Her hands behind her back made her breasts thrust forward even more prominently
  than usual. Richard offered Warren a Jack Daniel's which he accepted. He then
  offered Wendy a wine which Leonie held to her lips. They chatted together for
  a while with the men admiring the girls as they spoke. Wendy of course was
  the centre of attention but Karen, with her large breasts so exposed and enticingly
  presented got many a lustful look as well.  
Finally when Wendy had finished her drink, Richard said &quot;Well I guess
  we should get down to business.&quot; He left the room and came back with an
  intriguing device. It consisted of two pieces of timber each 1 metre long and
  75 mm wide and 35 mm thick. A hinge at one end and a catch on the other held
  them together along the narrow edge thus making them 150 mm wide when held
  together as they were. Four large holes were drilled in the timber along the
  join. There were two holes about 60 mm in diameter and spaced about 300 mm
  apart spaced centrally and on either side of these were two larger holes about
  100 mm in diameter and spaced about 150 mm either side of the two smaller ones.  
&quot;I call these Love Stocks,&quot; Richard said proudly. They did resemble
  the stocks of medieval England, but instead of having one large hole for the
  neck and two smaller ones for the wrists, these had two wrist holes with two
  larger ones either side of them. Wendy looked at it in amazement. She could
  not imagine how it worked but it certainly did not look comfortable.  
&quot;Now Wendy, I will lock you into the stocks. You need to be a co-operative
  victim for this but once in, you will be beautifully displayed and very helpless.
  Are you ready?&quot; She nodded. &quot;Please kneel on the floor&quot; he said.
  Karen helped her down since with her hands still tied she needed help to balance.
  Thus she was placed with her weight on her knees, her feet behind her and her
  body upright and hands still tied behind her back. Richard opened the stocks
  and coming from behind her helped her to open her knees wider apart and rested
  each of her shins in each of the outer and larger of the two now open semicircles.
  He then untied her wrists only to make her reach forward then down between
  her widespread legs and back to her ankles. Stretching her hands behind her
  he laid each wrist in one of the inner two semicircles. Telling her to hold
  this position, he closed the top section down trapping her wrists and ankles
  as the two halves came together. He then closed the latch on the end and the
  two halves were locked together.  
Wendy was amazed at the diabolical simplicity of this device in which she
  was trapped. In order to ease the tension on her arms, her knees were folded
  below her belly forcing her to thrust her rump high in the air. Her face was
  against the floor and she needed to turn her head to one side to see anything
  and to keep her mouth and nose from being pressed into the carpet. Because
  of the way her arms were stretched between her legs, her breasts were bunched
  together and the full weight of her upper body pressed them into the carpet.
  The ankle holes were about 600 mm apart which kept her legs widely spaced and
  her labia open to reveal the pinkness within her most intimate opening. Her
  anus was also on full show and there was simply nothing she could do about
  it.  
Gary squatted beside her and with some difficulty kissed her lips and pulled
  her hair away from her face. He then ran his hand up and down her wide-open
  feminine crease and noticed already the moistness between her legs.  
Karen watched fascinated, Richard had originally made the love stocks for
  her and it was clearly only a matter of time before it would be she who would
  be trapped and spread on the floor. She trembled and felt a pulse of excitement
  run through her as she empathised with her sister in law so widely spread,
  exposed and vulnerable on the floor before her.  
Richard poured another beer and without being asked poured another round
  of drinks for the guests, except Wendy of course who even found wriggling difficult
  much less drinking. The group stood and admired their victim and took turns
  to kiss her and run their hands around her displayed charms. Wendy was embarrassed
  by the wetness she could feel building up in her vagina and the knowledge that
  it was on full show to her friends only made the feeling more intense.  
After leisurely finishing his drink, Richard took a cane and a martinet from
  a nearby drawer. Karen felt another throb of excitement as the instruments,
  both of whose kiss she had felt previously, were again displayed. She realised
  that this would be the first time that they would be used on another woman's
  body.  
Richard handed the cane to Warren and invited him to strike first. Wendy
  could not see what was happening. The first she knew was the whirr of the descending
  cane followed by the impact on her bottom and the searing heat radiating from
  the line drawn across both cheeks breaking as it crossed the crease at a point
  in line with her anus. She shrieked with surprise at the unexpected impact
  and then gasped as she tried to come to terms with the deluge of pain welling
  up from her bottom. The next stroke was from Richard who brought down the martinet
  on her. Again she shrieked. She had tried to steel herself for another bite
  from the cane but this was different and unexpected. There was little of the
  impact of the cane but the thin leather strands spread across both cheeks and
  worst of all down into her crease. All the little lines of fire blended together
  to make her aware of an all-consuming sensation of heat and lust. She was alone
  with her pain. She lost all sensation of time and space and gave herself over
  to the torrent of sensation engulfing her. Her swollen nipples were a source
  of intense stimulus as she rubbed them on the carpet and she was aware of beads
  of juice running down her belly from between her open and swollen labia protruding
  behind her.  
Two more strokes from the cane in dispersed with two from the martinet bit
  into her before the men put the instruments away.  
&quot;Oh, Oh, OH, &quot; she gasped.  
She raised each gasp to a howl as each stroke fell on her. Leonie and Karen
  were flushed with excitement as they watched their friend squirm under the
  alternate strokes of the two instruments. Wendy, more than anyone whom they
  had ever seen before, became highly aroused by punishment. As soon as they
  had stopped, Gary oblivious of those around him knelt beside her and kissed
  her face and neck while he stroked her damp hair. He then positioned himself
  behind her and inserted three fingers into her wet and open vagina. She squealed
  with delight and wriggled her behind to maximise the sensation in her hyper
  stimulated feminine organ. Gary quickly undid his belt and, after letting his
  pants fall to the floor, thrust his swollen penis into her.  
After telling Warren and Leonie that they were welcome to stay and use the
  guest room, Richard took his wife's arm and escorted her to the bedroom. Karen
  needed no encouragement. They made long and intense love, with the added stimulation
  of doing it with Karen still wearing her tightly bodiced dress. Her breasts
  had always been available and since she wore nothing beneath it was a novelty
  to have her breasts pushed up and be taken while still tightly encased in the
  dress. Soon the house echoed to the delighted squeals grunts and moans as three
  couples made intense love in separate rooms throughout the house.  
Breakfast was late next morning as each couple eventually stumbled from bed
  after leisurely making love again on awaking. Karen and Richard showering in
  the on-suite adjoining their bedroom and the other two couples taking turns
  to use the other shower. Wendy had a long shower enjoying the hot water running
  over the still tender lines across her bottom. She was surprised that the martinet
  which was by far the most painful of the two instruments used on her last night
  had left her unmarked while the cane had left its visible and tender calling
  card.  
The six friends enjoyed breakfast laughing and telling stories.  
Karen had put on a pair of slacks and a loose blouse while the other two
  ladies each wore a dressing gown borrowed from Karen. Wendy of course was naked
  under the gown since other than her coat she had arrived at the house that
  way. Leonie too was naked under her gown since her leather skirt and top were
  not very suitable for a relaxed breakfast. Everyone remarked at the intensity
  of Wendy's excitement and the show she put on. Shyly, she explained how afraid
  she had been but how the fear and the enforced exposure and the pain had made
  her feel more aroused than she had ever felt before. She said that the treatment
  she had received last night was much more severe than anything Gary had ever
  given her. Gary agreed and remarked at his surprise that his sweet and seemingly
  fragile wife was so very tough and could endure so much. The conversation continued
  and the friends concluded that possibly a woman has a different reaction to
  pain than a man and, under the right circumstances, can endure much more and
  enjoy it.  
Wendy thanked her sister in law for arranging the evening and said how confident
  she was in attending the next meeting of the club now that she knew that she
  could handle and even enjoy anything that they might do to her. Finally late
  in the morning the couples departed. Wendy in her coat as she had arrived and
  Leonie in an outfit she had borrowed from Karen.  
  Chapter 7   
A couple of days later a Notice of Meeting arrived from the club. The committee
  had arranged a boat trip for Sunday 25 July. It was to be a boat trip on Morton
  Bay. Derek and Isobel have business interests in tourism, which included a
  charter boat. Isobel actually ran the business while Derek conducted a legal
  practice. It had been arranged that all members would board the boat at 8:00
  am at a mooring in the Manly boat harbour. Derek had asked David and Richard
  to meet him at the Marina on Bribie Island where the boat was normally moored
  on the Saturday to help him sail her to the Manly Marina ready for boarding
  on Sunday. The three men would sleep overnight on board. Karen would meet Isobel
  at her house and the two girls would drive to Hamilton and meet their men on
  her boat.  
Karen felt strange on that Sunday morning setting out alone to meet another
  woman and to rendezvous with a boat for a day of activities which both entranced
  and terrified her. On previous occasions she had had the reassuring presence
  of Richard beside her. With him sailing down from Bribie she had spent a lonely
  night in nervous anticipation of the day that lay ahead.  
She was also disappointed not to have had Richard's company on the Saturday
  night. Since joining the club, they had set aside Saturday nights as a special
  night for their own private discipline sessions. To be more precise, they were
  Karen's private discipline sessions since it was always she who was restrained
  and it was she who took the strokes, clampings or stretchings of whatever it
  was that Richard choose to use on her - and she had come to love it. Richard
  had become very creative in devising new devices with which to restrain her
  and there seemed a never ending choice of instruments of torture with which
  to tease her once suitably immobile. She was confident that the activities
  on the boat would more than compensate for her lonely Saturday night.  
She arrived at Isobel's house slightly early. The coffee that Isobel offered
  was welcome and the two nervous women enjoyed the short discussion they had
  over coffee before setting out to meet the boat. Previously the club meetings
  had been for 2 to 3 hours in the evening, but today the activity was spread
  over a full day. From 8:00 am to well after dark when the boat was again to
  moor at Manly. They could only guess at the sorts of devilment the committee
  had arranged during their day cruise around Morton Bay. Isobel, who had not
  yet put on a show, still had all three balls with her name in the jar. Karen,
  thanks to her affair with the ants last month, now had two balls available
  for selection. Despite the fact that she had only two thirds the chance of
  being selected for a show as the beautiful friend who sat beside her as they
  drove, Karen still felt the same surge of excitement as they neared their destination.  
She parked under a shady tree in the street near the marina and the two girls
  walked to the gate where they met Terry and Maria who let them in with their
  security key. It was then that they discovered that Terry and Maria also owned
  a boat that was permanently moored at the marina. Following Maria's directions
  they found their way to the visitors wharf where Isobel's boat the MV Bay Venture
  was just tying up.  
Most of the other members were waiting to board. The three wives were the
  first to be helped aboard to greet their husbands as the other members made
  their way aboard carrying various bags, hats, jumpers, eskies etc. Ann had
  a large leather suitcase that seemed out of place amongst the other brightly
  coloured luggage but no one was in any doubt as to its contents.  
After a short delay waiting for Alex and Nicole who had rung Derek on their
  mobile phone to say that they were running a bit late since they had become
  lost in the unfamiliar streets of Manly the ropes were cast off and the outing
  had begun.  
It was a typical July day in Brisbane. The sky was blue and whilst the air
  was still slightly chill at this time of morning there was the promise of a
  warm and pleasant day ahead. With such a delightful day on a beautiful boat
  with the whole of Morton Bay at their disposal everyone in the group was in
  high spirits.  
The plan was to sail to St Helena Island where they would moor and explore
  the ruins of the old penal settlement. Later, they would have lunch on board
  while they sailed to the Blue Hole which is a natural deep hole just off the
  dunes of Morton Island. The Blue Hole is not accessible at low tide but this
  would not pose a problem since it will be almost high tide when they planed
  to arrive at about 5:30 PM. They will have a light dinner on board in the calm
  waters of the Hole and then play games as they sail back to Manly. Derek said
  that they would get back there about Midnight.  
It was a great opportunity for members of the club to get to know each other.
  The girls got together in small groups as did the men. Although there were
  frequent mixed groups forming from time to time as the voyage progressed as
  well. Most interesting of all was the opportunity members had to talk to committee
  members in a relaxed atmosphere about the types of shows they would like to
  see or perform in. Some of the girls were able to talk about some of the things
  they especially liked or were particularly opposed to.  
Suzanne and Ann who were both committee members were both talking together.
  Karen took this opportunity to talk to them about something that had been puzzling
  her. At first she asked them what it was like being on the committee. Both
  girls agreed that there were advantages and disadvantages. It was not good
  knowing what was in store for them as each activity came up but it was fun
  being involved in the planning of each event. Often one of the committee ladies
  was asked to test what ever restraint was to be used and each was asked to
  say how she felt about what would be done to her in the show being planned.
  Suzanne described how the committee was very concerned about using the ants
  at the last meeting. Eventually it was decided that each committee member should
  experience the bite of an ant on a sensitive part of their body before making
  the decision to go ahead. She said how bizarre it had been subsequently to
  see each lady offering a nipple to be stung and each man exposing his penis
  for the head to be stung. It was a very aroused committee who then quickly
  voted &quot;yes&quot; and hurried home to have their acutely sensitive organs
  taken care of.  
Karen knew only too well what they meant and described to the committee the
  wonderful sex she had had for days after her &quot;show&quot; as the sensitivity
  from the bites gradually subsided. Then she mentioned how concerned she was
  that the committee might choose to cane one of the ladies on the breasts. It
  wasn't the pain that she was afraid of but she felt that anything that might
  cause bruising could be dangerous and possibly lead to lumps forming. It was
  a relief for her to hear that both ladies had agreed. Ann said that following
  a recommendation from Ross and herself the committee had agreed not to do anything
  which could have a long term effect or a dangerous effect. This applied even
  if the lady requested it. Since she had mentioned it, she was told that the
  committee had talked for sometime about the treatment of breasts and decided
  that the martinet, a light whip and even a soft tawse would be OK but canes
  and wooden paddles were not to be used. In other words anything that acted
  on the sensitive skin and nipples was in order but it must not bruise the soft
  tissue underneath. All the girls agreed that they would certainly not miss
  out on any pain from this decision but were happy that they would not suffer
  anything that might be harmful in the longer term.  
Ann said that she felt that it was best if the committee did not say what
  limits on the activities the committee had decided upon, as the feeling of
  uncertainty was one of the most exciting aspects of the meetings. Karen agreed.
  Later she reflected to Richard how odd it had been for three girls to be able
  to discuss such an intimate and painful subject as breast whipping so dispassionately.  
The boat arrived at St Helena Island and the group disembarked. Derek and
  Isobel remained on board and steered the vessel away from the small jetty to
  permit the other tour boats in the area to moor.  
Their group, being relatively large and also as a result of Isobel having
  made prior arrangements, was met by a ranger from the National Parks and Wildlife
  Department who has responsibility for the care of the island. St Helena was
  a convict settlement with a brutal history every bit as harsh as the infamous
  island of Alcratraz in the USA. In fact, whilst some convicts managed to escape
  Alcratraz nobody lived to escape passed the guards and make it through the
  intensely shark infested waters surrounding St Helena.  
Whether the Ranger noticed that he was asked many questions about the instruments
  of punishment used on the island (mostly by the girls curiously enough) he
  didn't show any sign of it. It was clear from his answers that there was no
  fun to be had on St Helena during those early convict days. On looking at the
  heavy brutal items of punishment and restraint used by the guards in those
  far off, days it was obvious that there was no comparison with the items used
  by the club.  
The tour lasted about an hour and a half and by 1 o'clock they were back
  on the boat and enjoying the lunch that Isobel had skilfully prepared while
  they were ashore. Karen and Richard stood with arms around each others shoulders
  eating their sandwiches and sipping Moselle as the beautiful island with such
  a savage past disappeared astern.  
The group enjoyed the next few hours laughing, chatting, sunbaking and resting
  while the two massive diesels of the MV Bay Venture forced her surging through
  the swell towards Tangalooma Island. The dolphins and turtles of the bay provided
  entertainment from time to time as did the crew of an RAAF F111 aircraft as
  it flew overhead at low altitude in a frightening display of speed and booming
  sound. No doubt the pilot and navigator of the aircraft would have been equally
  entertained by the group of ladies sunbaking topless or totally naked on the
  bow of the ship if they had seen them during the rapid fly over.  
When they dropped anchor in the Blue Hole some of the group went ashore in
  the dingy to explore the dunes. Others swam in the water near the boat. John
  and Julie surprised everyone by going ashore in the dinghy and then stripped
  off and after folding up their clothes and putting them in a dry spot in bow
  of the dinghy, swam back to the boat. No one could estimate how far the boat
  was from the shore but it was an impressive swim both in distance and speed.
  Julie was panting heavily as she climbed the ladder up to the rear deck. Her
  firm breasts were heaving with nipples erect as she dried herself with a towel
  handed to her. Her wet blond hair seemed almost transparent. John was not even
  breathing heavily. His huge shoulders. small firm bottom, muscled stomach,
  large semi erect penis and broad grin drew every female eye on the boat like
  a magnet.  
As the dusk settled, the group crowded into the large cabin of the boat and
  enjoyed a delightful seafood dinner. It was a rowdy happy occasion with much
  spirited conversation encouraged by the many bottles of fine Barossa Valley
  wine which Derek had obtained for the occasion. Everyone agreed that the day
  and the evening had been a wonderful opportunity for the club members to get
  to know each other.  
As dinner came to an end with glasses of port and liqueur wine being handed
  around, Derek hoisted the anchor and the boat began her journey back to Manly
  harbour.  
The conversation died with an audible groan as Ross walked in from the Bridge
  carrying the jar with the marbles inside.  
&quot;Well, boys and girls, we have a little item of business to attend to
  before we get home&quot; he said. &quot;The first thing we must do is to congratulate
  Karen for the brave show that she put on for us last month. Her encounter with
  the ants is something we will never forget &quot;  
&quot;I won't forget it for a while either&quot; Karen interjected. He then
  proceeded to give Karen a present on behalf of the club. Karen opened the package
  and found a can of Mortein inside. Much laughter followed and eventually Ross
  gave her the &quot;real&quot; present which was a delightful gold brooch in
  the shape of an ant with two beautiful diamonds as its eyes.  
Karen laughed and said &quot;Who chose this?&quot;  
Ann said &quot;I did, I was in Myers and I saw it and thought you would like
  it&quot; Karen agreed that it was lovely and said how nice it would be wearing
  it with only the club members knowing its special significance.  
Eventually Ross continued with his announcements. &quot;Tonight,&quot; he
  said, &quot;we will be having a special contest.&quot; I am sure that you have
  all played Trivial Pursuit, well tonight two of our ladies will play but they
  will really want to get the questions right because, for every question each
  lady gets wrong she will receive one stroke of this tawse across her backside.&quot; He
  then held up the twin tailed instrument. &quot;However it gets worse, he continued, &quot;For
  each question that she gets wrong that is from a wedge square, remember that
  you must get six wedges during the game, she will receive one stroke from the
  cane across her bottom.&quot; He then held up the cane - it was about 5 mm
  in diameter and about one metre long. Every pair of female eyes followed its
  travel as he held it above his head and swished it down. &quot;Finally, He
  said, &quot;as you may remember you have to answer questions to finish the
  game, Well, for each of these questions that you get wrong, you will receive
  one stroke across the breasts with the martinet.&quot; Predictably this announcement
  was greeted with a series of groans and gasps. He produced the martinet and
  held it up. Karen recognised it as her martinet. Richard must have brought
  the instrument with its twelve thin leather strands on board the boat yesterday.
  She more than anyone knew the stinging pain that her little &quot;toy&quot; could
  impart especially when directed across ones softest skin.  
He announced that he would be selecting two marbles from the jar tonight.
  Each lady selected would play the other. The game would be played with each
  lady naked. He then reached into the jar and pulled out the first marble. Karen
  like the other girls felt the surge of fear and its accompanying tingle of
  excitement pulsing through her. She felt the now familiar butterflies in her
  pussy and the moisture from the heightening sexual excitement she was experiencing.  
&quot;Marion&quot; was all that Ross said. Marion, the oldest lady in the
  club, with her two children now at university gasped and covered her face with
  her hands. Scott her husband embraced her and then drew her hands away and
  kissed her. Very quietly and with great poise, she stepped into the centre
  of the large cabin and gracefully began to remove her clothes. This did not
  take long since all she was wearing was a loose floral blouse, a pair of shorts
  and panties. She was a delight to see naked. Her breasts were quite large and
  had lost some of their firmness but this made them sway beautifully. Her nipples
  were dark, small but prominent with the look of those who had fed two children.
  The surrounding aureoles were large and dark also. She was obviously a lady
  who had exercised and cared for her body and many a younger woman would hope
  to look like she did when she had reached her forties.  
She stood proudly in her nakedness and chatted happily as members gathered
  around her kissing and hugging her. Eventually she went back and stood in front
  of Scott who put his arms around her and clasped his hands over her belly.  
Ross then announced that he was selecting the second marble. Reaching into
  the jar, he withdrew the marble and said &quot;Leonie.&quot;  
Leonie screamed and whooped as if she had won the lotto. Jumping at Warren,
  her husband, she grabbed him around the neck and hooked her legs around his

  thighs. Were she not such a petite person she would have pulled him over. Turning
  up the music on the ships sound system, she danced to the centre of the room
  doing a flamboyant strip as she went. This involved removing her dress and
  twirling it above her head. Like Marion, she was braless also, so her breasts
  were immediately on display. They were small with large pink nipples and very
  firm. As she removed her panties, she threw them at Warren and then walked
  around the room proudly displaying her slim body her delightful blonde shoulder
  length hair swaying around her with the exaggerated movements of her body..
  She kissed most of the men and took the hands of those who were shy and rubbed
  them over her breasts or between her legs. It was a most erotic display but
  one would expect such a flamboyant lady as Leonie to do something spectacular.  
Soon a table was set up in the centre of the room. The board game was set
  up and each husband sat down to look after the game and ask the questions while
  each wife was able to wander around the room answering questions from where
  she stood. Leonie kept running back to the table to tell Warren where to move
  next while Marion just leant on the rail separating the lounge from the galley
  and concentrated on the questions. She relied on Scott to choose the plays.  
It soon became clear that Marion had the better memory for trivia in fact
  Marion was obviously a very intelligent lady and could speak with a good deal
  of authority on most topics. She had scored a wedge for entertainment and another
  for Science and Nature before Leonie had any. The game lasted about forty five
  minutes before Marion had a full boat and was heading for the centre home square.
  Her boat landed four times on that last square before she got the correct answer
  and won the game.  
Some of the husbands suggested that Leonie should play on until she also
  finished the game. Particularly since she had not gotten near the finish and
  earned any &quot;tit shots&quot; as Ross had called them. With only three wedges
  in her boat at that time it looked as though she would still be playing long
  after they had arrived back at Manly. Moreover by that time she would have
  so many wrong answers the penalty strokes would be in the hundreds.  
Marion interrupted the discussion which had started to become quite lively
  but good natured. &quot;I have a suggestion&quot; she said &quot;I want to
  put on a show too, what if both of us were punished - then everyone would be
  happy&quot;  
This was a brave move by Marion. The score of penalties by the end of the
  game was: Leonie , 29 with the tawse and 15 with the cane. Marion, if her exemption
  as winner was overturned had a penalty score of 21 with the tawse, 18 with
  the cane and 4 with the martinet. It was rather unfair since as the winner
  Marion was spending more time trying for wedges and finishing while Leonie
  did not move around the board as much so she mostly accumulated tawse strokes.  
It was obvious that Marion was highly aroused and wanted to do a show and
  no amount of penalty strokes would worry her - even the dreaded martinet strokes
  to her large breasts. In fact both girls had the tell tale pink blush on their
  necks, ears and their upper breasts along with erect nipples. So it was decided
  to continue. Each lady would have her hands bound together and attached to
  a hook in the ceiling. The tawseing would be done first, then the caning and
  finally Marion would taste the martinet.  
Ross produced two lengths of soft rope and carefully tied each lady's wrists
  together. Isobel assisted by tying a loop in the remaining rope and pulling
  each pair of wrists to the hook in the ceiling. It was obvious from her knowledge
  of exactly what the best procedure was that she was no stranger to the hook
  herself.  
Thus they were hung. Face to face and heels slightly off the ground with
  naked breasts and bellies pushing together. The two ladies kissed each other
  both happy to have the other to share in her bondage and swaying gently to
  the surge of the boat.  
Peter and Terry were each given a tawse by Ross and took up position behind
  each lady. Terry stood behind Leonie and Peter behind Marion. Just as they
  were positioning themselves, Leonie called out &quot;Can I make a request?&quot;  
Ross replied &quot;Yes, but whether we grant it is something else.&quot;  
&quot;Can we each have the same?&quot; she gasped.  
Marion nodded her head in obvious agreement.  
&quot;Are you both sure of this? said Ross.  
Each lady nodded vigorously and whispered &quot;yes!.&quot;  
&quot;No problem&quot; said Ross.  
&quot;OK! - Tawse time&quot; said Terry. &quot;Twenty Nine strokes, Let's
  do it in five groups of five with a group of four sizzlers at the end, Peter,
  You go first.&quot;  
Marion visibly tensed the muscles of her bum, and her body stiffened. Leonie,
  in such intimate contact with her could feel the movements of her body almost
  as much as if it were she who was about to take the stinging impact.  
The tawse is a noisy thing, and the crack as it impacted Marion's cringing
  flesh made every lady present wince. Marion closed her teeth against her bottom
  lip and hissed as she sucked in a short gasp between her teeth. Her body jumped
  involuntarily as the impact of the blow turned to a short sharp sting which
  rapidly changed to a dull heat.  
Leonie felt Marion's breathing become faster and deeper as she waited to
  feel the broad leather crash into her waiting bum.  
She was not to wait very long and again she bucked and gasped to the resounding
  clap of thick leather against her soft cheeks.  
By the fifth stroke she was moaning gently and grunting loudly with each
  impact.  
Soon it was Leonie's turn. She felt as though she had already had five strokes
  already such was the intimate contact she had experienced as her friend had
  danced to the noisy kiss of the tawse. Ross nodded to Terry and seconds later
  it was Leonie's turn to jump to the impact of the Leather. She shrieked for
  the first of many times that night.  
Forty minutes later two women hung together each bathed in both their own
  sweat and that of the other, gently kissing each other. Each was flushed pink
  from face to feet from the effects of shame, pain and fear. Both ladies breathing
  deeply and moaning as they fought to come to deal with the burning pain in
  their deep red buttocks.  
They were left to hang for about fifteen minutes while other guests were
  encouraged to massage the burning halves and slide their hands between the
  sweaty bodies and feel the wet pussies and protuberant breasts. Suzanne offered
  to rub ice over each burning bottom.  
Marion shook her head vigorously and exclaimed &quot;No! - cane hurts on
  a cold bum -eighteen still to go&quot;  
 Leonie wished that her friend had not mentioned the cane strokes. She was
  barely coping with the fire in her buttocks and the pain shooting with increasing
  frequency and severity through her arms and shoulders as they stretched above
  her head. It made no difference and soon Ross appeared with two canes.  
He gave one to Daryl and one to John. John was a fearsome figure with a cane
  in his hand. His short muscular iron-man frame indicated a strength which filled
  both ladies with a fear causing a deep throb and an even greater juicy wetness
  in their vaginas. John was unaware of this and casually stood behind Leonie
  flexing the cane in his hands. Daryl looked meaningfully at his wife Suzanne
  as he took up his position behind Marion. It was clear to anyone looking at
  Suzanne's lovely face that she was well aware of the agonising kiss of the
  cane that was about to cut into Leonie whose lovely red bottom was clenching
  before him.  
Ross nodded, John struck and Leonie howled.  
John wasted no time and before she could draw breath, another searing stroke
  bit into her. As the remaining four strokes crashed into her, she gasped &quot;Oh!,
  Oh!, Oh!&quot; with each rapid breath breaking into a full throated scream
  with each stroke.  
Soon it was Marion's turn. Daryl soon showed that muscles were not everything.
  He had a wrist flick that sent the rattan whistling into Marion's sensitive
  flesh and causing her to involuntarily thrust her hips forward, lifting Leonie's
  feet off the ground. She yelled. It was a cry of pain but not of surprise.
  Marion was no stranger to the cane. However, she never got used to that first
  searing impact and the burning hot line across the buttocks and the deep pain
  suffusing into her stomach and legs. She never got used to the itching sensitivity
  in her clitoris and her surrounding labia. An itching that became deeper as
  each stroke turned her body to a shaking surging mindless thing of pain. And
  she loved it.  
Leonie watched and felt her friend building up in ecstasy with each stroke.
  Panting as she hung, she still felt the burning in her bottom but she was becoming
  aware of a sensitivity in her own body that was awakening an understanding
  of what Marion was experiencing. Moments later all thought was driven from
  her mind as John delivered the first of her next six strokes. The pain did
  not surprise her any more and she gave herself to it. She found herself waiting
  for each impact. She heard screaming ringing in her ears but was only vaguely
  aware that the screams were hers. Each stroke hurt her terribly but she thrust
  her bottom towards the searing pain and rode it as it surged through her body.  
The strokes went on as each lady took her turn to writhe and scream as they
  each took alternate blocks of six strokes. The masochistic streak in all the
  ladies present was aroused as they watched two of their friends making uninhibited
  sexual sounds as the canes thrilled then on and on towards orgasm.  
By the time Marion had taken a dozen strokes, her inner upper legs were wet
  with a mix of her most intimate secretions and sweat. Everyone in the crowded
  cabin was aware of the deeply arousing odour of hot female juices.  
Two more strokes and she went over the edge. Her body writhed wildly with
  her sensitive nipples rubbing and bouncing against those of her companion in
  pain. She shrieked as her inner muscles contracted and her legs went weak leaving
  her wriggling like a newly hooked fish, delighting in the orgasm surging through
  her body.  
Leonie was clearly aroused as she hung panting after the eighteenth stroke
  bit into her. She rode her friend through her orgasmic wriggling and was obviously
  ready to take the next phase of her punishment.  
Ross produced the martinet and waved its strands in the air and combing them
  with his fingers to ensure that they were not knotted together. Both ladies
  were lifted free of each other and placed back to back. With their hands still
  above their heads each lady was forced to thrust her breasts forward. Marion's
  breasts were large and her nipples and aureole were deep purple in colour.
  Leonie's small breasts thrust forward and her disproportionately large nipples
  appeared a most vulnerable target for the awesome looking martinet. Both pairs
  of breasts were heaving and glistening with sweat as each lady stood panting.  
Derek took the martinet and kissed Leonie gently on the lips while gently
  rolling each swollen nipple between his fingers. He stood back and struck.
  Leonie screamed and again started moaning as she panted. Derek kissed her again
  and as he again started massaging her sore breasts her feelings overtook her
  and she was overcome by the maelstrom of sensations flooding her body and she
  was driven to the first orgasm she had ever experienced brought about from
  pain. Shame and pain surged through her writhing body. Derek knew what he was
  doing and she soon felt the stinging strands again spreading across her chest
  and breasts like the tentacles of a jelly fish. She didn't know that there
  were thin red lines across her breasts crossing her thrusting nipples. She
  didn't know that her body was pink and sweaty with pain and lust. She and the
  pain were alone in the world and it was surging through her with each stroke.
  Rubbing her thighs together she squealed as each surge of delight convulsed
  from her hyper sensitive clit and labia into the depths of her body.  
Then it was Marion's turn.  
Marion was satiated with feeling. Her orgasm had left her totally relaxed.
  She watched Derek position himself ready to strike, then closed her eyes and
  thrust her breasts forward. She sighed nosily as the strands whistled into
  her proud globes. Not flinching she offered herself to the remaining three
  strokes letting the pain flow through her body and keep alive the delicious
  sensitivity in her belly. After the last stroke she opened her eyes and looked
  languidly at Derek and gently whispered &quot;Thank You&quot;  
Derek then untied the ladies wrists and each fell into the loving arms of
  her waiting partner.  
Karen and Richard like the other members present were awestruck with the
  display that they had seen. Karen was no stranger to the erotic bliss that
  can come with a whipping but she had never climaxed like Marion had done from
  the pain alone. To watch her friends driven to orgasm and to see Marion take
  the most painful whipping a woman can experience with such calm had left her
  hot with desire.  
There were two bunks below deck. These were normally provided for patrons
  of the cruise boat who needed first aid or medical attention. Leonie and Marion
  were escorted to these bunks accompanied by their obviously excited husbands
  and Isobel, the gracious hostess that she was, showed then the way and made
  them both comfortable.  
Most couples made their way outside and cuddled together in the cool air
  as the MV Bay Venture made its way in the cool night air towards the Manly
  Harbour.  
  Chapter 8   
The August meeting was, as Ross advised members in his note, to be a fireside
  meeting at his house. To give a bit of atmosphere, men were requested to wear
  dinner suits and the ladies to wear their most elegant and sexy evening wear.
  Limousines had been chartered to collect the guests from their homes and to
  return them. Thus guests could feel free to drink as much as they wished and
  relax more at the meeting.  
When the limo arrived to collect Richard and Karen, Mark and Catherine were
  already in the car. Karen and Richard had not had much opportunity to get to
  know this couple. Indeed it was strange, Karen thought, that Mark had enjoyed
  her display in June and had, like many others, run his hand up her open crease
  as she lay open spread and helpless waiting for the attention of the ants,
  yet he had hardly spoken to her since. Mark and Catherine were from Zimbabwe
  although it was called Rhodesia when they left. Both spoke with the distinctive
  accent so typical of people from that part of the world. They started with
  small talk with each of the girls complimenting each other on her choice of
  outfit. Eventually Mark remarked to Karen how much he had enjoyed her display.
  Catherine wanted to know how long the effects of the sting lasted. Mark then
  asked her if she could have endured the session had she not been tied down.
  Karen replied that she felt that being tied down allows one to relax and give
  one's self over to the pain in a more relaxed state.  
Mark began to stroke his wife's long black hair and she cuddled her body
  into his. The low neckline of the pearl trimmed laced bodice of her cream gown
  billowing outward proving (if this was necessary) that there was no bra supporting
  her abundant pearly white breasts. &quot;We, or at least Catherine&quot;, is
  into stoicism Mark replied. &quot;I think that it is more erotic to see a lady
  offer herself for discipline in a serene manner and take what ever she is given
  in a sophisticated and self controlled manner. Of course this takes effort,
  and one must constantly provide challenges for ones lady to meet.&quot; At
  this moment he looked deeply into his wife's eyes and kissed her lightly on
  the forehead. &quot;And I do, Don't I&quot; he said.  
Richard in coming to Karen's defence said how he really enjoyed applying
  restraints to Karen and found her screams very erotic.  
&quot;I'm sure that is right,&quot; said Mark &quot;in fact I enjoyed her
  show the other month very much also. But I also happen to have a disposition
  for silent elegant suffering. Catherine is quite practiced and can take considerable
  discipline now without moving or making a sound&quot; Mark emphasised the word &quot;now&quot; suggesting
  that his wife was not always so well trained. Mark explained that in Rhodesia
  he had seen males beating their women quite frequently. The women would scream
  and howl unreservedly and it was not very erotic to watch. His preference was
  for the sight of an elegant European woman absorbing her discipline in a dignified
  silence.  
&quot;I think that I would like to see that too&quot; remarked Richard.  
&quot;What say we have a contest between our ladies to see who is the toughest&quot; Mark
  suggested. &quot;If neither lady is flogged at the meeting tonight, what say
  you two come to our house after the meeting and we will see who can take the
  most discipline without breaking down. Richard looked at Karen and asked  
&quot;Well it's up to you - are you game.&quot; Karen looked at Catherine's
  slim body and pale complexion and thought to herself &quot;I can take her -
  I wont let this pompous African out shine me no matter what training this little
  violet of his has done.&quot;  
&quot;OK she replied - if neither of us has to do the show tonight.. Otherwise
  we hold off the contest for a couple of weeks.&quot;  
Soon after that, the Limo had arrived at Ross and Ann's house. The men shook
  hands and the two women eyed each other quizzically and got out.  
Karen always enjoyed visiting Ross and Ann's house as it was such a beautiful
  and elegant design. It was typical of Ann, she was serene and elegant in everything
  that she did. Her clothes were the epitome of good taste and she always behaved
  in a way that made her guests feel comfortable. Even on the night of the first
  meeting when she was stripped and whipped while hanging from the tree in her
  own back yard she had displayed a composure and a gracefulness which made her
  show all the more impressive.  
Because of the cool night, the meeting was held in the spacious entertainment
  room of the house. This room, the kitchen, Ross' study and one bedroom were
  downstairs. There were balconies either side of this large central room onto
  which other upstairs rooms opened. This included another three bedrooms Ann's
  craft room ensuites and a children's family room.  
The ladies had certainly taken advantage of the occasion to wear their most
  beautiful formal gowns to show off their bodies to best advantage. By this
  time the couples were all very comfortable with each other and so none of the
  ladies felt a need for modesty. All of the ladies had spent considerable time
  ensuring that their make up was perfect and that her accessories were tasteful
  and appropriate. Ann as expected was elegantly attired. She wore a simple white
  gown with white shoes. It was perfectly cut to accentuate her beautiful body
  and was not embellished with any jewellery. It was obvious that she was naked
  under the gown which accentuated her graceful body perfectly. She was not alone
  in that regard, in fact Karen wore no undergarments other than a suspender
  belt, but Ann moved with an understated elegance that set her apart.  
The room was comfortable with a fire burning in the antique fire place and
  the guests mingled and chatted about the boat trip and caught up with what
  each other had done since then. Ann had arranged an excellent spread of seafood
  savories both hot and cold along with mini pies, hot dogs and many other bits
  and pieces that were delightful to eat. Ross looked after the bar and had a
  refrigerator that was well stocked with beer and a wide range of mixers to
  complement the variety of spirits behind the bar.  
There was nothing to suggest that this party had any other purpose than what
  it appeared to be, simply a meeting of a fun loving group of people who had
  gathered together to have a party. Unlike previous meetings there was no apparatus
  in view to suggest what was to come.  
At 9:00 PM Ross excused himself and walked into his study and returned with
  the jar of marbles. A hush descended on the group as he walked to the fireplace
  and placed the jar on the mantelpiece. All eyes were on him as he began to
  speak. &quot;Tonight our lucky lady will enjoy a variety of torments. At first
  she will simply be naked and free to move around but as her show continues,
  she will be given less and less freedom. Eventually she will stand in the centre
  of the room and each wrist will be attached to a cord each of which will be
  tied to one of the balcony rails on each side of the room.&quot; He paused
  and looked around the room before continuing &quot;From this position her torments
  will continue.&quot; &quot;Can I have a volunteer to select a marble from the
  jar.&quot; Janelle was the nearest lady to Ross and she nodded to him and walked
  over. Janelle was striking in her strapless blue gown her abundant breasts
  filling out the top of the dress and swaying delightfully as she moved. She
  reached into the Jar and nervously selected a marble. A look of relief swept
  across her face as she read the name, it obviously wasn't hers.  
She looked at Ingrid and said &quot;Ingrid&quot; who put her hands to her
  mouth and screamed.  
The tiny lady kissed her husband. Peter embraced his attractive wife and
  stroked her straight blonde hair. They were a stunning couple and Ingrid was
  beautiful in her apricot dress with white lace trim. Her milk white Scandinavian
  skin and blue eyes were highlighted by the simple silver and diamond ear rings
  and pendant that she wore. Looking at Ross, she mouthed the word &quot;Now.&quot; Ross
  nodded and she turned her back to her husband who began to undo the clips at
  the back of her dress. Not a word was said as all present watched her remove
  her dress. She allowed it to fall to the floor as she stood, shoulders back,
  allowing her small, firm breasts to thrust forward proudly. Her nipples and
  their halos were a very pale pink and quite large. Her pubic hair was sparse
  and very fine accentuating her feminine folds more than any shaving of her
  body would have done. She was wearing only a garter belt stockings, jewellery,
  and shoes. It was obvious that she was enjoying being the centre of attention.  
Ross beckoned her to him and she took the few steps necessary to stand before
  him. She did not cower in any way but stood defiant in her nakedness. He took
  a pair of wrist cuffs from a box on the mantelpiece. The cuffs were joined
  by a chain about three inches in length. Thus her hands were kept together
  after Ross had fastened the cuffs and she let them hang before her covering
  her pubis. &quot;Now my love, Ross said, &quot;it is time for the first of
  your trials this evening.&quot; &quot;Please bend forward over the back of
  this chair with your feet as wide apart as you can go.&quot;  
 Obediently the girl stepped to the large lounge chair nearby and did as
  she was bid. She rested her manacled hands on the cushion of the chair as she
  opened her legs. Hers was a beautiful bottom with large round globes and wide
  hips. Spread as she was, her puffy labia were pulled apart to reveal her most
  intimate pinkness within. A tiny gossamer thread of her girl juice could be
  seen crossing her slit anchored to a few of her equally fine pubic hairs on
  either side, silent testimony to the arousal that she was experiencing.. Her
  anus too was fully displayed. It was of the same pale pink colour as her nipples.
  She lay in this position for some minutes a deep blush beginning in her cheeks
  and gradually extending down her neck and turning the whiteness of the upper
  parts of her dangling breasts pink.  
Calling her husband over, Ross handed Peter a tube from the same box from
  which he took the cuffs. Peter as requested squeezed out a liberal quantity
  of a white substance onto his wife's anus. He then placed two fingers on the
  tiny bud and forced much of the substance up into her little hole. He assisted
  the deep penetration of the substance by pushing his finger up into her as
  far as the second knuckle. She gasped at this sudden and unexpected intrusion
  into her most intimate opening. The two men then allowed her to stand. At first
  she looked around the room with a bemused expression on her face, not understanding
  what had been done to her. Within seconds however a fire in her anus began
  to take effect. She squealed, arched her back and stood on her tip toes as
  she came to realise what she was to endure. Then with a series of gasping sighs
  she ran on the spot trying to throw off the fire that was now an integral part
  of her body. Behind her back, Ross held up the tube to show all the guests,
  except Ingrid, what it was. It was toothpaste, Colgate Flourigard.  
Ingrid tried to rub her burning anus but was prevented by her manacled hands.
  She would have to suffer the fire in her tail without being able to do anything
  about it. &quot;What is it&quot; she screamed &quot;Its burning me up - get
  it out Please!.&quot; She got no support from those present and soon realised
  that she was going to have to endure it. She looked to Peter hoping for his
  help but was surprised to see him with a finger still white. She thought that
  it was Ross who had done this to her and she screamed with frustration as he
  walked to the bathroom. She began walking around the room panting and twitching
  her bum while guests embraced and kissed her from time to time. She realised
  from the lack of concern by the guests that whatever was up her was not going
  to do her any harm and that she could, now that she had become used to it,
  suffer the burning fire but with great difficulty.  
While Ingrid was providing entertainment in her naked suffering, Ross took
  the opportunity to present Marion and Leonie with a crystal decanter each in
  appreciation for their show whilst on the boat last month.  
After about half an hour Ross called Ingrid over to him and told her that
  it was time for the next phase of her show. He then put a collar around her
  neck and fastened the centre link of the chain joining the wrist cuffs to a
  stud in the collar. Thus her hands were unable to move and she held them together
  under her chin as if she was praying.  
Much to Karen's surprise, Ross called both she and Marion over to him and
  gave them each a nasty little spring loaded clip. There was no surprise in
  guessing where they were expected to put them. Ingrid looked at the serrated
  jaws of the clip and shuddered. Ross asked Ingrid if she needed to be restrained
  while she was being fitted with the clips. &quot;Yes!&quot; she nodded. On
  Ross' bidding David and Peter positioned themselves behind her and held her
  firmly by her upper arms. Such a tiny woman being held by these large men was
  totally immobile and open to whatever was to be inflicted upon her.  
Ross asked Karen to act first. This was an awesome experience for Karen.
  She had never hurt a woman before. In the early experiments with sexual discipline
  that she and Richard had experienced, she had whipped him but found it uninspiring.
  This was a woman before her. She knew perfectly well the pain that she would
  inflict as the strong spring of the clip in her hand would cause the tiny jaws
  with their tiny teeth to bite into the soft pink nipple flesh before her. She
  felt her own nipples swell against her dress and throb in sympathy with her
  friends little bud trembling before her. Karen was glad that it was not she
  who was naked as she could feel juices from her own swollen hypersensitive
  vaginal crease trickle down her inner leg. Ingrid was by now a deep shade of
  pink all over her body. Her body glistened with perspiration and she had given
  up worrying about the juices that she could feel oozing from within her slit.
  The fire in her anus was her friend now. She used the pain to remind her of
  her status as the victim and it stirred up a wonderful sense of arousal within
  her. She was quite unaware of the fact that her scent was filling the room
  causing the men if not already aroused by what they saw to be more subtly aroused
  by her wonderful womanly aroma.  
Karen had decided to give Ingrid her full measure of pain. She kissed her
  friend gently on the lips, squeezed the clip firmly to open the jaws to their
  widest opening and while holding the very tip of Ingrid's left nipple in her
  fingernails, she pulled the widest part of the pink nub deep into the jaws
  of the clip. She felt her victim flinch as the sensitive flesh rasped against
  the sharp teeth. Releasing the spring slowly, Karen felt Ingrid buck against
  the pain as the teeth pressed into the waiting morsel of flesh. Ingrid hissed
  between her teeth as the nipple began to flatten between the teeth and then
  howled as Karen let go and the full pressure of the spring forced the tiny
  teeth into the waiting flesh. Ingrid kept on howling until Karen strangled
  the sound by kissing her again. She bent and gently kissed the tip of the nipple
  as it bulged out of the tiny jaws. The sympathetic sensation in her own nipples
  was such that Karen rubbed them with her upper arms as she walked away and
  back to Richard's waiting arms. The flush in his wife's face made any explanation
  of her feeling unnecessary.  
Ingrid's screams as Marion placed the second clip on her right nipple caused
  Karen to cling to her husband even more closely. They kissed passionately and
  she forced her tongue deep into his mouth.  
Ingrid was released by the men and again allowed to move around the room.
  She was kissed and fondled as she went. Many of the men and some of the women
  delighted in exacerbating her pain and indignity by squeezing and bobbing her
  breasts as she came near them. She didn't object. The pain was going straight
  to her belly and she was experiencing a wonderful build up of sexual joy.  
Some fifteen minutes later after all the guests had been able to fondle Ingrid
  and examine her aching nipples in close detail, Ross gently directed her to
  the centre of the room. Ann assisted by detaching the chains from her wrist
  cuffs. Two of the men threw a rope down from each of the balconies along the
  side of the room. Ann fastened the clip at the end of each rope to the corresponding
  D ring in the wrist cuffs. Soon the ropes were being pulled and Ingrid's wrists
  were being pulled up and out towards each balcony. The ropes were tied off
  and she found herself stretched in a &quot;Y&quot; shape with each arm being
  pulled up and out above her head. She found herself lifting her heels off the
  floor to ease the tension in her out stretched arms. Ann kissed Ingrid and
  whispered &quot;Have fun - I've done this too.&quot;  
She watched as Ross gave David (Janelle's husband) a tawse. David with his
  short hair slightly balding at the crown and his solid frame and tall body
  was a tough character who looked and behaved like the ex RAN officer that he
  was. This guy can really hit, she thought. She expected to feel the impact
  soon but this was not to be. He went to get a drink and sipped leisurely it
  while he watched her squirm trying to balance the pull on her arms with the
  pain in her ankles as she endeavoured to ease the pain by raising her heels.
  All this time, it was clear that the fire in her anus was still burning buy
  the clinching of her buttocks while with her arms in the air her clamped nipples
  were thrust forward boldly.  
She was moaning with a sound like wind blowing through wires when David finished
  his drink and moved towards her. She did not see him as she had her eyes shut.
  She was alone with her pain and was oblivious of all around her. The sudden
  unexpected impact of the tawse wrung a squeal from her lips followed by a deep
  and protracted moan. David hit again and again. She was howling and twisting
  her body as the blows crashed into her bottom. At one point she lifted her
  feet off the ground and was swinging back and forward taking a blow to her
  reddening buttocks on each backward swing. Eventually, after fifty strokes
  David stopped.  
Ingrid hung from her wrist clamps panting, her body covered in sweat. Small
  beads of sweat could be seen trickling down her breasts and down her back.
  The upper inner surfaces of her legs were wet with a mixture of sweat and secretions
  from between her puffed lips.  
Catherine took her a glass of chilled Chardonnay wine and held it to her
  lips. She drank it eagerly and gasped her thanks when she had finished. Catherine
  held Ingrid's aching breasts in her hands and kissed her on the mouth. She
  could taste the Chardonnay and sweat on the young woman's lips.  
Next Ross produced a long thin riding crop and gave it to Peter (Jenny's
  husband not hers). Peter, ex Rugby League footballer was a man who could really
  wield a crop if he wanted to. Ingrid could feel her knees go to jelly and her
  pussy throbbed as she saw this big man walking towards her with the crop. It
  was only moments later that she heard the whirring sound behind her and the
  impact of the crop into her already burning hemispheres.  
She screamed and kept on screaming. Her screams had no relationship to the
  strokes only to her pausing to draw breath. After four strokes she was gasping
  and rubbing her thighs together as she could feel an orgasm building within
  her. Her eyes were shut and she was alone with the deluge of sensation surging
  within her. Her nipples, her anus, her buttocks were alive with fire. She felt
  the thrill in her cunt as the familiar preorgasmic tensing built up. &quot;Yes!
  Yes! Yes! &quot; she screamed as the next impact of the crop bit into her tender
  flesh. Peter swung the next stroke into the crease between buttock and thigh.
  Ingrid howled as waves of pleasure swept through her body. Her vagina shook
  and shook again as the warm feeling of blissful sensation flowed through her.
  Peter was going to give her six strokes with the crop but as he watched this
  beautiful lady writhe with uninhibited pleasure before him, he let the crop
  hang at his side. As she settled down and opened her eyes again he stepped
  in front of her and gently removed the clamps from her nipples. She shrieked
  as the tiny teeth were pulled from her soft pink skin and screamed moments
  later as the blood filled the tiny nub and the throb of pain surged through
  her breast. She was ready for the pain as the second clip came off and hissed
  through her teeth as the pains again surged through her.  
People crowded about her as she felt her wrist straps being removed and she
  was being hugged and kissed by her friends. What she enjoyed most was being
  able to put her arms down and being able to massage her aching nipples. Ann
  whispered to her knowingly &quot; If you have a nice warm bath, you can flush
  out your backside if you want to.&quot; Ingrid thanked her but asked if she
  could spend time with her husband first. &quot;Of course dear&quot; she replied
  and ushered the couple away. The still naked Ingrid waving and blowing kisses
  to the guests as she walked up the stairs escorted by Ann towards one of the
  upstairs rooms.  
As usual, the party began to break up after that. Ann invited Karen and Richard
  to stay over for the night.  
&quot;Thank you&quot; Karen replied as she looked directly at Catherine.
  Then speaking clearly and loudly to ensure that Catherine would hear, she said &quot;Catherine
  and I have an appointment tonight - I wouldn't want to disappoint her&quot; Ann
  looked at them both with a quizzical expression and replied  
&quot;Of course dear - have a good time both of you&quot;  
&quot;You don't have to do this if you don't want to&quot;. Richard said
  to his wife. &quot;Just because Catherine is into this stoicism doesn't mean
  that you have to try to out do her.  
&quot;But I want to&quot; Karen whispered to her husband as they followed
  Catherine and Mark to the waiting limousine.  
&quot;There are two reasons that I want to do it,&quot; she continued &quot;one
  is that I am annoyed that Catherine thinks that she is so special because she
  has practiced suffering in silence but more than that, I want to see what I
  am capable of.&quot; The two couples entered the car and faced each other.
  Karen and Richard sat in the seat facing backwards while Catherine and Mark
  faced forward. Richard had told the driver not to move off until they had decided
  where to go. They had a short discussion. Mark suggested that they go to his
  house as he had &quot;some apparatus that the ladies could use together&quot; Karen
  was happy to do this but Richard felt that this was unfair to his wife since
  Catherine had no doubt already experienced &quot;the apparatus.&quot; Karen
  silenced her husbands objections  
&quot;It's only a game&quot; she said.  
Mark gave the driver the address of his home and away they went.  
  Chapter 9   
Mark and Catherine lived in a rambling old house on the northern outskirts
  of Brisbane. It used to be a farmhouse and Karen felt that it reminded her
  of her parents house where she grew up in western Queensland. The house was
  on a 15 acre property which was smaller than its original size which included
  an adjoining 20 acres which had been purchased from the previous owner and
  was progressively being developed as a retirement village. They still ran a
  couple of horses on the property and there was a ramshackle stable nearby the
  house. On entering the house after being exuberantly greeted by the couples
  two Golden Retriever dogs Catherine took Richard and Catherine's coats and
  hung them up. Mark lit the gas heater and poured drinks for all.  
&quot;Well!&quot; he said &quot;I guess that we should decide how we should
  play this.&quot; &quot;As we have said before, Catherine has been trained over
  quite some time and at considerable discomfort to endure quite stringent disciplines
  without being restrained and without undue sound.&quot; &quot;It has, until
  now, been a very private thing but we would like to share it with you.&quot; &quot;We
  appreciate that some people like yourselves like to have the lady restrained
  whilst being disciplined but we find it to be more stimulating to call on the
  lady's self discipline and enjoy pushing her endurance until she breaks. Catherine
  feels that this ensures that she is as worked up as she can be when the discipline
  stops. I really get turned on by the sight of a lady offering herself in this
  way. Karen! we would be really honoured if you were to accept a challenge from
  Catherine to see who can endure the most discipline before breaking down.&quot;  
Karen nodding her head and said &quot;OK I'm game&quot;  
&quot;Right,&quot; Mark said &quot;I think we should begin, First we should
  begin with the crop. Catherine, please adopt the all fours position, we will
  give each of you six strokes to begin with and then alternate sets of three
  until somebody screams or ceases to hold her position.  
Karen did not know what the all fours position was but was happy that she
  was to see Catherine demonstrate it. Catherine removed her dress gracefully
  and showed that like Karen she was wearing only suspender belt and stockings
  underneath. She folded her dress over the chair in which she had been sitting
  allowing her beautiful milk white breasts to sway tantalisingly as she did
  so. Then she walked towards the piano and took the stool from in front of it
  and pushed it to the centre of the room. This was obviously a ritual that she
  and Mark had practiced before. Richard could see why. Catherine was a beautiful
  woman and bending over and pushing the piano stool she was a sight to behold.
  He didn't know what the all fours position, was but he was looking forward
  to seeing it. He did not have to wait for long. Catherine stood in front of
  the stool and then slowly and elegantly lay her hips across it. She spread
  her arms widely in front of herself and placed the tips of her fingers on the
  floor. She then unselfconsciously spread her legs to reveal her innermost feminine
  secrets. Then she curved her back bringing the nipples of her swaying breasts
  almost in contact with the floor. This caused her buttocks to be forced up
  in a most provocative position ready for the crop. She froze in this position
  and waited.  
Karen and Richard were both entranced by this submissive display. Karen knew
  that it would take all her courage just to emulate Catherine's position much
  less to endure the crop at the same time. Mark walked to a cupboard and selected
  a long slender crop from the assortment of similar toys in the cupboard. He
  then gave the crop to Richard and said &quot;You can do the first two sixers
  - if you want to, Richard.&quot;  
Karen watched her husband step behind the waiting Catherine. She could imagine
  the hurt that the long crop would inflict and her bottom flinched at the thought
  that soon it would be she who would be in that submissive position over the
  piano stool. Richard brought the crop down swiftly over Catherine's waiting
  globes. Catherine shuddered at the impact and her body stiffened. She screwed
  up her face and hissed gently. She did not cry out and she remained in position.
  Then she began taking deep breaths as she fought to control herself.  
Richard paused and waited for her to relax somewhat before he brought the
  crop in for its second kiss of the creamy white bottom. Catherine reacted as
  before. Soon after the impact she forced her legs wider and thrust her bottom
  up further in invitation of the next stroke. Her eyes were shut and it was
  clear that she was engaged in her own private war with the burning strokes
  invading her nether parts. A red blush began to spread over her body and tell
  tale droplets of moisture could be seen building up in the widely opened intimate
  crevice between her legs.  
After the fifth stroke she was panting and finding it difficult not to move.
  Her body was covered in sweat and she was panting vigorously. The position
  in which she displayed herself and the five red bands across her bottom was
  a beautiful sight and the bulge in both Richard's and Marks trousers were testimony
  to the effect she was having on them. Her girl scent was filling the room and
  the fine hairs of her bush were matted together joined by the abundant secretions
  from within the depths of her body.  
Richard was into the contest now. He wanted to make this girl break. She
  was tough and he wanted to see how far she would go. He swung the sixth stroke
  into the crease between buttocks and thigh with a terrifying impact. Catherine's
  body shook and her buttocks danced as she took the pain in this sensitive spot.
  She held her breath and froze as she fought to control the agony surging within
  her. Eventually. with Mark's permission, she slowly exhaled and gradually let
  her body go limp. She put her knees to the floor and relaxed over the stool.
  When she was ready to get up, Mark walked to his wife and helped her to her
  feet and embraced her naked body, wet with perspiration and kissed her lovingly
  on her lips and throat. Richard looked to his wife and said &quot;Karen, I
  think it's your turn.&quot;  
Karen new the drill. She removed her dress and folded it carefully. She was
  proud of her abundant bosom and deliberately allowed her breasts to sway and
  hang tantalising as she folded the garment across the back of her chair.  
She walked proudly to the stool and took up her position as Catherine had
  done. She knelt before it at first and then pushed her body up and over the
  cushion. She found it odd and quite sensual to spread her arms and legs so
  wide and enjoyed the cool air on the exposed pink flesh between her legs. Then
  she emulated her hostess by curving her back and pushing her buttocks up and
  her breasts down. She smiled when she felt the carpet pile gently tickle her
  nipples as her large breasts swayed below her. &quot;Catherine couldn't do
  that&quot; she thought to herself.  
She saw Richard move to take up position behind her. The silence of the room
  was terrifying as she waited, her bottom trembling in anticipation of the impact
  to which she knew that she would soon be subjected to. The little pearls of
  feminine juice that trickled down her open and intimate flesh itched and made
  her even more aware of the intimacies that she displayed. In her mind she imagined
  her husband standing behind her. She knew that he would bring the crop down
  on her tender flesh with the same gusto that he had so recently done to Catherine.
  She heard it whirr through the air and felt it crash into her waiting flesh.
  She knew what to expect. First the shock of the impact, then a moments pause
  followed by the blaze of agony which would gradually subside to a deep throbbing
  pain. With a great effort of will, she fought the cry in her throat and suppressed
  it to a faint squeak. She began to pant and feel that she had beaten the pain
  still surging through her when she heard Mark say &quot;Oh! what a shame&quot; It
  was only then that she realised that her knees were resting on the floor. &quot;Oh!
  God,&quot; she gasped &quot;I didn't mean to do that&quot; &quot;Don't feel
  bad&quot; Catherine said &quot;It took me months to get used to it. The trick
  is to deliberately stretch your legs and arms just before it hits&quot; &quot;OK!&quot; Mark
  said &quot;I guess that there are two ways that we can go from here. Clearly
  you have lost the first round and you can quit now and we can have a drink
  or two and leave it at that or you can try the second round. If you want to
  go to the second round you must equal Catherine's strokes before we can continue
  since it wouldn't be fair for her to start with a sore bum and you not to.&quot; Karen
  looked at her husband, having to tilt her head well back to do so and said
  in a slightly strangled small voice &quot;OK, lets do it, take me to the second
  round&quot; Mark agreed and suggested that she use the next five strokes as
  practice. Karen nodded in agreement and once again took up her position. She
  was angry with herself for having being so weak and now she was going to have
  to take these next five strokes for nothing. The next stroke was a sizzler
  but she held position and said nothing. The third stroke was just as bad but
  caught her sooner than she expected and a short loud &quot;Ahh!&quot; escaped
  her lips. &quot;Sorry&quot; she gasped and stretched herself into position
  for the next three.&quot; The next two strokes were atrocious but she held
  firm. She was trembling and tears ran down her cheeks as she readied herself
  for the last stroke. She knew where it was going to hit and the nerves in the
  soft crease between buttock and thigh twitched in nervous anticipation. Again
  she heard the familiar whirr behind her and felt the crashing impact of leather
  encased cane against her tender flesh. With all her will she forced her legs
  out straight and her arms as well. On relaxing she realised that her heels
  were now almost together and that her feminine crease was comfortably closed
  again. &quot;Shit!&quot; she exclaimed &quot;I thought that I had beaten that.&quot; Richard
  helped her to her feet and kissed her. Karen with tears streaming down her
  face said to her husband &quot;I'm sorry, I can't take that without moving
  - I don't know how Catherine can do it.&quot; Catherine hugged her too. &quot;Don't
  worry,&quot; she said as they embraced. Naked sweaty bodies locked together &quot;I
  wasn't able to do nearly as well on my first caning.&quot;  
Mark handed each lady a glass of iced water which each eagerly accepted. &quot;Well!&quot; he
  said after about ten minutes of chatter in which both ladies confided in each
  other how they felt from their recent experience &quot;It's time for round
  two&quot; It's time for Karen to meet for the first time and Catherine to renew
  her acquaintance with the tit twister. &quot;Oh God!&quot; Catherine gasped,
  putting her hands to her mouth &quot;Have you still got that thing.&quot; Then
  she took control of herself and stood to attention like a naked female soldier
  and was obviously fighting to remain calm.  
&quot;The apparatus is in the stable&quot; Mark continued &quot;I would have
  brought it into the house however I was not expecting to be entertaining guests
  tonight. It will be a bit cold out there but I'm sure that the cold will be
  the last thing on our ladies mind once they offer their little nubs to the
  machine. besides the cold will make the nipples firmer and more prominent so
  much the better to get a grip on.&quot;  
It was freezing outside. Karen folded her arms across her chest and in her
  nakedness followed the other three across the lawn. Catherine was walking beside
  her and obviously equally cold. Karen could feel the thickening of her nipples
  and whilst she was sure this had much to do with the cold she was sure from
  the throbbing that she was feeling in her frozen nubs that they were swollen
  from the expectation of the fearsome but unknown fate that awaited them.  
They entered the stable. The smell of the two horses filled the air and the
  two beautiful animals could be seen in their stalls. Mark and Catherine made
  their way to a third stall. Standing in the stall was a large rectangular frame
  about three feet wide and seven feet high. It stood upright bolted onto two
  thick wooden planks lying on the floor. A third piece of timber about one foot
  high and one inch thick was bolted across the frame at chest height. There
  were two holes in the timber spaced about one foot apart and two short lengths
  of one inch pipe passed through the holes. At one end of the pipe was what
  Mark called a crown of thorns clamp. Each was cleverly engineered such that
  when a locking ring was turned, eight sharp nails were allowed to be driven
  to the centre of the pipe by a thick rubber ring around the heads of the nails.
  Mark put his index finger into one of the pipes and turned the locking ring
  to demonstrate the effect. The nails shot into the finger and it was obvious
  that the finger was locked into the pipe unable to move. It was clear from
  the way the nails pressed into the skin of his finger that they would cause
  great discomfort to a nipple in the same apparatus. The hole through the pipe
  was open at the other end, but attached to the pipe on the other side of the
  timber was a pointer which enabled one to turn the pipe and lock it in position
  at every ten degrees of rotation. At each ten degree point was a written a
  number of one through to 36.  
Mark explained that on the two previous occasions that Catherine had offered
  herself to the machine both of her nipples had been twisted. On this occasion
  however he felt that it would be best if both ladies stood at the machine standing
  close together and side by side with Catherine making her right nipple available
  to the machine and Karen her left.  
He next selected a piece of fine cord and tied one end firmly but gently
  to his wife's right nipple. Catherine was not surprised by this but simply
  stood demurely hands by her side as he did so. Then he selected another piece
  of cord and did the same to Karen's left nipple. Karen and Richard were bemused
  by this but said nothing. Karen simply enjoying the feel of his fingers and
  the cord on her swollen sensitive flesh. He then ushered each lady to stand
  in front of the apparatus and passed Karen's cord through the left pipe and
  his wife's through the right.  
Stepping around to the other side of the apparatus he pulled on the cords
  forcing each girl to move forward as her nipple was pulled into the pipe. &quot;Richard,&quot; he
  said &quot;would you please release the locking rings when I tell you.&quot;  
Richard did as he was asked. He went to Karen first and Mark pulled firmly
  on the cord. She gasped as the nipple was stretched and pulled into the pipe.
  Soon after, she screamed when Richard turned the locking ring and the eight
  little arrows were thrust into her tender flesh. by pulling the nipple as he
  did, Mark ensured that the eight pins bit into the nipple near its base. She
  was still trying to come to terms with the pain surging through her breast
  when she felt Catherine's body jump and heard her squeal as her nipple was
  similarly locked into the wicked crown of thorns clamp. Both girls stood panting
  as Mark explained to them that they must reach up and hold the bar above their
  heads. At any time, should they wish to give up, then all they needed to do
  was to let go of the bar and rip the rubber ring off the end of the clamp which
  would release the pressure on the nails that were being forced into her nipple.  
It was all that Karen could do not to tear the ring away there and then and
  remove the eight tiny darts turning her tender nub into a seething mass of
  pain. She reached up and grasped that bar. Richard watched his wife with her
  eyes closed, arms above her head and her right breast visible to the side of
  the frame her left covered by Mark's fiendish invention. He noticed that Karen's
  nipples were larger than Catherine's. Possibly this would be causing her more

  suffering from the clamps. Then again, could it be that Catherine's smaller
  nub was more sensitive? Certainly the anguished look on the face of each lady
  bore evidence that neither was comfortable.  
Mark undid the small clamps on the other side of the frame and turned the
  dials through 20 degrees and clamped them in place. Both ladies gasped and
  winced as their nipples rotated. Each twisted her upper body as far as she
  could to try to offset the twist imposed by the pipe on her nipple.  
They were left to suffer while Mark explained to Richard how he built the
  frame and how the crown of thorns clamps were engineered. They decided that
  from this point on they would turn the pipes together. Mark will turn Karen's
  and Richard will turn Catherine's. Mark explained this to the ladies and explained
  that they would have a five minute wait between each turn of the pipes. Karen
  groaned at the news while Catherine simply nodded her head, she was resigned
  to the fact since she had been through it before. Soon it was time for the
  next movement and both girls gasped in unison as their nipple was turned through
  another ten degrees. Richard came around to Karen's side of the frame and kissed
  her and ran his hands over her naked body and caressed her swollen right nipple. &quot;You
  better enjoy playing with that one&quot; Karen gasped &quot;my left tit will
  be too sore to touch for ages after this.&quot; The next movement came all
  too soon and the girls began to writhe as they tried to come to grips with
  the increasing pain. Forty minutes later after six turns each nipple had been
  turned through ninety degrees. Each lady was keening quietly with tears trickling
  down her face. Each breast was clearly twisted and despite the coolness of
  the evening the two bodies were covered in perspiration.  
The next turn was accompanied by a scream from Catherine. That wasn't very
  composed, Karen thought to herself, but the men didn't seem to notice. She
  was too preoccupied with her own flood of sensation to worry and just concentrated
  on breathing deeply to control herself.  
Mark whispered to Richard as they watched their women writhing and panting
  against the frame &quot;This is Catherine's personal best. She hasn't got this
  far before.&quot; The two men positioned themselves for the next movement and
  began to turn the pipe when Catherine screamed &quot;No! You'll rip it off,
  I can't take any more.&quot; She let go of the bar and frantically tore the
  rubber ring away from the clamp. She had more pain to come however because
  as she pulled each pin from her breast the twist was held by the remaining
  ones. Eventually she got free of the device and stood gasping. Karen was still
  firmly attached and Mark began to turn the pipe again. She closed her eyes
  and bit her lip as the pain surged through her body. She could no longer identify
  where the pain was centred all she could feel was a consuming agony invading
  the left side of her body. Within the blackness she was alone with the pain.
  She felt her clit swollen between her puffed labia and she squeezed her legs
  together to exacerbate the wonderful feeling. She moaned and pulled back from
  the frame and squealed as she felt the pull on her hypersensitive nipple. Waves
  of passion surged through her body and she screamed &quot;Oh God! Oh! Oh! Oh!.&quot; She
  cried as an intense pain driven orgasm surged through her body.  
She had won.  
Richard assisted her to remove the rubber ring and helped her to pull the
  tiny barbs from her tender nub. It didn't occur to either of them that it would
  have been easier and much less painful if they had undone the clamp on the
  other side and taken the twisting stress off the nipple. She fell into Richard's
  embrace and they kissed passionately.  
The two men and two naked women walked back to the house. The women wasted
  no time in making their way to the fireplace and cuddled together as the warmth
  from the fire spread through their cold and aching bodies. Without being asked
  Mark poured port and handed a glass to both women and Richard. Karen was surging
  with emotions. She was relishing her nakedness which seemed to be enhanced
  by the feel of Catherine's cool naked body rubbing against her. The throbbing
  pain from her swollen left nipple spread through her body and her wet vagina
  was hyper sensitive and she craved to be filled.  
Mark suggested that Karen and Richard stay the night. &quot;You are both
  one all at present &quot; he said. &quot;In the morning we can decide whether
  to call it a draw or arrange the final contest to decide the winner. &quot;Oh
  yes&quot; gasped Karen, I really do want to get to bed. Catherine, unselfconsciously
  naked, showed the couple to the guest room and took linen from a cupboard and
  with Karen's assistance made up the bed. Mark kissed Karen fondly and taking
  his wife by the waist said &quot;We'll see you in the morning - late&quot;  
Richard and his wife leapt into the bed and soon Karen was enjoying Richard's
  hard and swollen member stretching her open and filling her. They fell asleep
  naked in each others arms. It was about 2 am in the morning by the time this
  happened and they slept until 8 am the next morning when again they made love
  passionately. Later they heard their hosts moving about downstairs and they
  went down to greet them.  
It was agreed that Richard and Mark would meet and devise a toy for the ladies
  to test themselves on. The contest would take place at Karen and Richard's
  house Saturday fortnight. On the way home they agreed that despite their first
  appearances, Catherine and Mark were really quite good company. What's more,
  this game was really starting to get interesting.  
  Chapter 10   
On the following Wednesday, Richard told Karen that he had met with Mark
  and that they had agreed on the nature of the contest. He said that the idea
  was so erotic that he got hard just thinking about it. &quot;Don't waste it'
  his wife replied as she took his hand and pulled him from his chair and into
  the bedroom. After a wonderful love making session it occurred to them how
  much their relationship had improved since they made that decision only a few
  months ago. Karen pleaded to be told what lay in store but Richard refused
  to tell.  
Mark and Catherine arrived next Saturday with timber strapped to the roof
  rack of their four wheel drive. Catherine and Karen talked and walked through
  Karen's garden as they wondered and conjectured as to what 'the boys' were
  doing in Richard's shed. Naturally the two girls discussed the club and the
  effect that it had had on their lives. Karen had remarked that originally the
  idea of joining the club was to provide Richard and herself with erotic stimulation
  without the need for her to suffer frequent discipline. The club had certainly
  provided the entertainment, however the effect had been quite the opposite.
  She and Richard had been so excited by what they had seen that, if anything,
  the club had caused the two of them to engage in more bondage and discipline
  games at home than ever before.  
Catherine confided that she and Mark had been into B and D since before they
  were married. These games had always been a release for them and they had become
  quite sophisticated in their knowledge of the various techniques possible.
  She often felt that her body was an instrument which Mark had learnt to play
  and play he did, learning to extract symphonies of sensation from her to their
  mutual delight.  
Karen thought that this was a beautiful way to express the relationship and
  thanked Catherine for her thoughts. Karen remarked that she still feared each
  session and she always dreaded the first shock of pain, regardless of whether
  it was a smack or stroke or whatever that always took her by surprise. Catherine
  agreed with her and said that after all this time she had never got used to
  it either and probably never will. However, the reward of the erotic bliss
  that followed always made it worthwhile. Sometimes Mark used a very severe
  restraint which allowed the pain to build up more gradually. She enjoyed being
  suspended or stretched for that reason. The erotic feeling came about very
  soon as a result of the position that she was in but the pain built up later
  at a time when she was ready for it.  
Karen decided to tell Richard about this discussion and see if he could incorporate
  these ideas into his inventions that he was frequently making for her.  
During the following week Richard took over the entertainment room at the
  rear of the house and was seen carrying large pieces of timber inside. &quot;I
  won't lock the room&quot; he said &quot;but please don't go in. I want to surprise
  you.&quot; Karen was happy to leave the room alone.  
The following Saturday Karen spent the morning shopping. She planned a delightful
  dinner complete with candles and a delightful new lace tablecloth to set the
  meal off. Most special, was the outfit she purchased for the occasion and the
  time she spent having her hair done and her face made up for the occasion.  
The outfit was a red leather skirt with a matching sleeveless blouse. She
  wore both without any underwear other than a red suspender belt and matching
  stockings and very high heeled shoes.  
 It was 7 PM when Catherine and Mark arrived. Catherine was wearing a long
  overcoat when she got out of the car. It was too warm to wear such a coat so
  Karen and Richard knew that she must be wearing something spectacular underneath.  
The girls kissed each other and each others husband and warm greetings were
  exchanged.  
On entering the house, Karen took Catherine's coat and as expected Catherine
  wore a stunning outfit underneath. She was dressed totally in black. She had
  a shoulderless, strapless tightly laced bodice which pushed her breasts up
  and offered them enticingly. It was very low cut and tiny pink crescents of
  her aureole peeped above the edge of the bodice. She wore a short black skirt
  with black stockings and her shoes had heels that were even higher than Karen's
  were. It was the accessories that really set off the outfit and betrayed her
  submission. She had a small black choker with many tiny chains hanging off
  it. On her wrists and ankles she wore leather cuffs with &quot;D&quot; links
  and silver studs.  
&quot;OH! You look stunning&quot; Karen said to Catherine.  
&quot;You look pretty special yourself&quot; she replied.  
Richard poured wine and handed it around. The girls chatted happily together,
  each was aware that before the night was out they would be locked in a painful
  contest until one gave in.  
Dinner was a very pleasant time. Karen and Richard were excellent hosts and
  enjoyed sharing the evening with a couple who had similar interests. After
  the main course Richard and Mark decided to announce the activity for the evening.  
&quot;It's called riding the rail&quot; he said. The girls looked at him
  blankly.  
&quot;In England it's called the Lady Horse&quot; Mark added.  
&quot;Riding the rail seems to be an American term.&quot;  
&quot;I still don't get it&quot; said Catherine  
&quot;This is Australia&quot; laughed Karen &quot;What do we call it?&quot;  
&quot;Who knows,&quot; replied Richard. &quot;Maybe you can think of a name
  after you ride it - but I don't think you will be very complimentary.&quot;  
The girls tried to prize more information from their husbands as they enjoyed
  desert. But Mark and Richard decided to tease them by saying nothing more.  
&quot;Shall we have port now, or will we leave it until after the contest? &quot; Mark
  asked.  
&quot;What does the winner get?&quot; Catherine asked.  
&quot;Good point - we better have some sort of prize,&quot; Karen said. Lots
  of joking followed with many possible prizes being suggested. Eventually it
  was agreed that the other would take the winner to dinner three at whatever
  restaurant she chose. They decided to go to the rumpus room right away and &quot;get
  on with the show&quot; as Karen called it. Karen's fear of the pain that she
  knew was coming was overridden by her curiosity and the tingling excitement
  in her belly and the throbbing of her nipples. Both girls, naked under their
  short skirts, were aware of the juices seeping between her legs.  
Karen was thinking about the words &quot;riding the rail.&quot; Sitting on
  a rail presumably with a naked bottom could get a bit uncomfortable she thought,
  but there must be something else involved for this to be a contest. She couldn't
  think what this might be. &quot;Lady Horse didn't help much either. Obviously
  riding was involved but what? how?.  
On entering the rumpus room the answers were obvious and terrifying. In the
  centre of the room was what looked like a church pew without a seat. Two parallel
  rails ran between two end posts, each with a large base to ensure stability.
  The rails were about 2 metres long and positioned one above the other. The
  bottom rail was rectangular in cross section and about three inches deep and
  about two inches wide. It was the top rail that struck fear in her heart and
  caused her shrink away from the diabolical invention. The top rail was triangular
  in cross section. It was about 4 inches high and about 2 inches wide at the
  base. The narrow edge was uppermost and whilst the rail was smooth and varnished,
  the edge was still sharp.. Obviously the girls were to sit astride the top
  rail.  
Two small stools sat under the bottom rail to assist each lady to mount the
  apparatus.  
&quot;Do you want to face each other, or sit back to back?&quot; Mark asked.
  Both girls answered together &quot;facing&quot; they said. Mark held the stool
  in place as Richard ushered his wife up to the machine. He gently undid her
  skirt and put his hand around her waist as she stepped out of it. Still holding
  her, he guided the trembling woman to place her left foot on the stool and
  swing her right leg over the rail. She stood straddling the rail. Her crutch
  was some three inches above the evil wedge. Next it was Catherine's turn. Starting
  with her right foot, soon she also stood on a similar pair of stools, legs
  apart, with her moist and tender slot hovering above the sharp edge. Mark produced
  four sets of hand cuffs. Each lady was instructed to cross her hands behind
  her back with each hand holding the elbow of the other arm. Mark placed a cuff
  on Karen's right wrist and ran the joining chain which was about 18 inches
  long around her belly and attached the other cuff to her left wrist. It was
  not uncomfortable with her hands behind her back but it caused her to thrust
  her breasts forward and, more importantly she would be unable to reach down
  and take any of her weight when she would have to sit on the rail. Richard
  removed the chain from the other handcuffs and joined it to the &quot;D&quot; loops
  on the wrist cuffs that Catherine was already wearing. Soon both ladies were
  standing, facing each other arms folded behind their backs and breasts thrusting
  proudly forward. The two men with a knowing glance to each other each went
  to each others wife and bared her breasts to the world. Mark undid the buttons
  of Karen's vest and allowed it to swing open as each breast swung free. Richard
  simply pushed Catherine's bodice down and her breasts were also available for
  all to see.  
After standing back and admiring the beautiful sight before them the other
  two handcuffs were put to use. Actually they were intended as ankle cuffs.
  The short chain between the cuffs was run below the bottom bar making it impossible
  for the girl to lift her feet above the bar and take any weight. Again, after
  some difficulty, Richard took the link off the handcuffs and used it to join
  the black ankle cuffs that Catherine already wore.  
Each husband embraced his wife and ran his hands over her trembling body.
  The fear was obviously exciting each lady as the moisture between their legs
  would attest. The room was filled with the combined delicious scent of two
  highly aroused ladies.  
Each girl was asked to squat on to the rail and allow her husband to separate
  her labia to each side of the wedge. It felt exciting to feel the cool smooth
  timber rub up into her crease. Each lady moved back and forward slightly enjoying
  the delicious sensation against her sensitive innermost flesh.  
Mark looked at the clock on the wall. It was 10:22 PM. He asked the girls
  to hold that position until 10:30 when they would be asked to be very brave
  and lift their feet so that the stools could be whisked away. The eight minutes
  seemed like eight hours as they stood with knees bent not daring to move lest
  the labia should get caught above the wedge when the moment arrived. The feeling
  of being so helpless with her tender girl flesh held open by the rail was wonderfully
  exciting. There was no reason to wonder how she looked since right before her
  eyes was her friend and competitor manacled and lewdly spread just as she was.  
As the second hand came down to the half hour with each man holding a stool
  and admiring the awesome sight above his head, Mark began a count down. &quot;Remember
  ladies,&quot; he said &quot;Lets see how brave you can be - when I say now
  lift your feet, no matter how much it hurts.&quot; &quot; Five, Four, Three,
  Two, One - NOW!.&quot;  
Two pairs of dainty feet pulled up the inch or so that the chain between
  her ankle cuffs would allow, Each stool was pulled away as each lady suddenly
  felt her full weight force the wedge up into her tender flesh. Each girl screamed
  and her feet scrabbled desperately to find some purchase by which she could
  take her weight. Of course no relief could be found and as the minutes went
  by the desperate movements gave way to heavy gasping as the inevitability of
  the pain sunk in. It was a diabolical invention, this Lady Horse - designed
  for the female, making use of the uniqueness of her anatomy to cause a deep
  relentless pain in her most intimate place. The two men sipped port as they
  watched their ladies fight the pain to see who could outlast the other. The
  sound of deep panting filled the room as each girl fought the pressure splitting
  her. Soon they could be seen slowly rocking slowly forward and then back.  
&quot;I think that they must be trying to shift the point of contact from
  the front of her pussy to her arse for some relief.&quot; Mark whispered quietly
  to Richard.  
Karen, eyes shut, breathing deeply and slowly through her nose, heard what
  he said and nodded her head gently in agreement.  
The next five minutes saw both ladies sitting very still knowing that any
  movement would cause a stab of pain to surge up into her belly. The ache was
  now permeating their lower bodies with no particular centre of pain being discernible.
  By the time the second hand of the clock reached 10:45, Karen was showing signs
  that her composure was being broken down as the intensity of the pain continued
  to grow. Tears began to flow down her cheeks and she would sob occasionally
  followed by an agonised grimace as the movement caused by the sob was rewarded
  with a stab of pain. Richard had never seen her cry in any of their previous
  exploits and was wondering if this was going too far. Still, it was up to her,
  she had only to ask and it would all stop.  
A minute later, Catherine was beginning to move about but Karen was starting
  to become frantic. Her feet again began a futile searching for purchase and
  she stretched her arms trying in vain to reach the wicked wedge.  
&quot;Aaugh! &quot; she screamed, &quot;Get me off.&quot;  
Richard pushed the stool under her feet and she stood up. Catherine did not
  move but smiled, serenely happy with her win. The handcuffs were removed first
  and Karen could barely wait to massage her throbbing pussy. Her feet were freed
  and she dismounted the Lady Horse. Richard kissed her neck as the three stood
  and watched to see what Catherine could stand. Karen's capitulation seemed
  to have given her competitor a second wind. She relaxed visibly and put all
  her mental energy into combating the pain splitting her and forcing its way
  into her delicate feminine membranes.  
At 10:50 exactly she nodded and said quietly &quot;Take me off please&quot;  
 What a win.  
The men were impressed but Karen was flabbergasted at her friend's feat of
  endurance.  
Both girls went to have a hot shower together and run the soothing water
  over their bruised and aching slots. When they came out, each wrapped in a
  warm towel they were escorted by their husbands to the master bedroom. Richard
  produced some soothing cream, which was intended for sports injuries, and each
  lady opened her legs to display herself and to enjoy a soothing massage of
  her tender flesh. There was no broken skin but each was very red with some
  bruising. Karen, more so than Catherine, unexpectedly - probably due to her
  frantic movements in her final minute on the rail.  
The soothing cream was very arousing both for the recipient and the giver.
  Soon despite some initial painful squeals on first penetration, both couples
  were enjoying intense blissful sex.  
Next morning, as they were waving goodbye to Mark and Catherine driving off,
  Karen asked Richard &quot;Who gets to keep the Lady Horse?&quot; &quot;We do,&quot; he
  replied looking directly at her. &quot;Oh Shit!&quot; she replied.  
  Chapter 11   
When the letter came from Ross, it came as something of a surprise since
  so much had happened since the August meeting. It was an important letter,
  this is what it said:  
 Mr &amp; Mrs R. Ogden  
 24 Bourbon Street  
 Carseldine  
 Brisbane 4030  
 19 September 1993  
 Dear Karen and Richard,  
Did you know that it has been six months since we had our first meeting.
  We have had a great time and many thanks to the brave ladies who have made
  each meeting so enjoyable. So far nobody has missed a meeting and that is very
  important for the club to be viable.  
Our committee has met early in each month to plan each meeting and I am sure
  that we all appreciate the efforts that they have made to ensure an interesting
  programme.  
Now it is time to elect the committee for the next six months. I think the
  current arrangements of three male and three female members has worked well.
  Any current committee member may resign if he or she wishes. We will have a
  ballot at the next meeting. If anyone is unable to act as a committee member
  please let me know. It is important however that we have a high participation
  rate of club members on the committee.  
The next meeting will be on Friday 29 September at Scott and Marion's house.
  I have enclosed a map showing how to get to their house with this letter.  
The meeting will start at 6:30 PM for dinner at 7:00. Dress will be casual.
  There is accommodation for anyone who wishes to stay the night. Please bring
  sleeping bags and mattresses if you wish to do this.  
Best wishes  
Ann and Ross  
It was a long drive to Scott and Marion's house (or farm actually) since
  they lived at Gatton a small town more than an hours drive west of Brisbane.
  Their offer to stay the night was very welcome.  
Karen loved their house it reminded her of her childhood home. It was a very
  large rambling building with a spacious entertainment area under the house.
  There was a large open fireplace at each end of the room. Scott is an orthodontist
  with a practice based in the nearby city of Ipswich. They have a small unit
  in the city where they live during the week commuting from Esk to Ipswich on
  Sunday afternoon and returning to Esk on Friday afternoon. They loved their
  farm and planned to expand their small cattle herd after Scott retired from
  his practice in a few years time.  
Scott and Marion had gone to a lot of trouble to set up a delightful barbecue
  dinner with beautiful beef from the nearby Kilcoy abattoir. Like most people
  living in that area they were fiercely proud of their lifestyle and did all
  they could to show it off to their city friends.  
The members had become good friends over the last six month. There was a
  great deal of happy discussion. Some of the couples shared vehicles and drove
  out together and the groups greeted each other fondly. Leonie drew a lot of
  good humoured ribbing as a result of her dismal performance in the trivial
  pursuit game on the boat. Most of the ladies assisted Marion with the preparation
  of the dinner and the men mingled around the barbecue talking and laughing
  with Scott.  
The gathering was very relaxed and informal. Ingrid was fussed over and everyone
  wanted to know how long the burning of the toothpaste continued after she went
  home. Suzanne laughed and said that she did not need to be told. &quot;Daryl
  was so turned on by Ingrid that he filled me up with it the next night. It
  burned for hours.&quot; Ingrid nodded in agreement. Wendy whispered to Karen &quot;I
  hope David does that to me soon - it must be so exciting&quot;  
Soon after all had arrived and with the sounds and smell of the steaks sizzling
  on the barbecue, Alex walked to the centre of the room.  
The conversation was interrupted by the sound of Alex tapping on a glass. &quot;Oh
  Oh - here we go&quot; said Karen as Alex moved into the center of the room.  
Alex welcomed the group and announced that he was to conduct the selection
  of the new committee. The discussion did not take very long. It resulted in
  each committee member saying whether they were prepared to continue for another
  six months or not. All except Alex and Jenny were prepared to continue so two
  new members were elected. Ross simply asked John it he would be prepared to
  nominate and later he asked Karen. He then asked if anyone else wished to be
  nominated not surprisingly everyone shook their head. Alex declared Karen and
  John duly elected.  
Thus the new committee was made up as follows:  
Ross &amp; Ann  
Terry  
Suzanne  
Karen  
John  
Karen was pleased with the thought of becoming a committee member but was
  surprised at Ross specifically nominating her.  
A quick discussion ensued and the committee members agreed to meet at Ross'
  office the next Tuesday.  
With the formalities over it was time for the games to begin.  
Alex continued as Master of Ceremonies. He announced that the lady selected
  tonight would experience a different type of pain. He looked at Karen as he
  said sometimes a different type of pain can be more stimulating than something
  that you have become accustomed to. &quot;Tonight&quot;, he said, we have some
  intriguing little toys and our lady tonight will wear them for two whole hours.
  That's why we are getting under way early in the night.&quot;  
He lifted a cloth away from a little table placed in the centre of the room
  with a flourish like a magician. Holding each item up he enthusiastically described
  the purpose of each. There was a little bar about one foot long with wrist
  cuffs at each end and too straps along its length. It's purpose was to hold
  the lady's arms folded and strapped behind her back. Next were two nipple clamps,
  most nipple clamps have two little pads to clamp either side of the nipple,
  but these were more nasty. These had two sharp little points. To make matters
  worse each of these clamps had a heavy little weight attached to it by a short
  chain.  
Labia clamps came next, they were constructed so that they would clamp harder
  if they were pulled. And of course pulled they were to be. A short chain joined
  them together and a heavy brass weight the shape and size of a pear was attached
  to the centermost link of the chain.  
The final piece of kit was a terrifyingly large butt plug. It was about 80
  Cm long and about 30 cm in diameter at its widest point tapering to 25 Cm in
  diameter just before it met the flare of the wide base designed to prevent
  it from sliding inside the anus. Thus it would hold the sphincter open and
  with the base rubbing between its wearer's (or victim's) bottom cheeks with
  any movement of her body.  
&quot;Now, who will be the lucky lady&quot;, he said.  
Karen found herself clinging to Richard as she imagined the discomfort each
  little toy would cause. Her greatest fear was of the butt plug. She was by
  now becoming used to having her body subjected to all sorts of intrusions but
  hitherto her anus had been spared. Now it was in danger of being invaded and
  stretched wider than she imagined possible.  
Jenny performed her last duty as a committee member by bringing out the jar
  of balls and offered it to John in recognition of his recent election to make
  a selection. The handsome young man reached in and with a fond look into the
  wide eyes of Julie his wife anxiously holding his arm, he closed his eyes and
  reached into the wide mouthed jar. He looked at the ball he extracted and looked
  at his wife who gasped as she looked into his eyes thinking that he meant the
  ball was hers. Simultaneously every other lady relaxed thinking that she was
  free. Then he said &quot;Maria.&quot; Maria shrieked and Julie slapped at her
  husband for the trick that he had played on her.  
&quot;Oh but she has already done a show&quot; exclaimed Wendy with what
  sounded like disappointment in her voice. Karen smiled at her sister and said &quot;That's
  the luck of the draw I guess&quot; It was obvious that Wendy was really getting
  into this.  
Maria had already begun to walk around the room seductively removing clothes
  as she went. Her husband Terry was left holding her coat. Soon she was naked
  except for the heavy gold chain she wore around her neck and the matching ones
  adorning her wrists. All eyes were fixed on her abundant curves as she walked
  to Alex waiting in the centre of the room. Maria's breasts were huge and they
  swayed as if they had lives of their own as she moved.  
She turned her back to Alex and placed her arms behind her back cupping each
  elbow in the palm of the opposite hand. She smiled impishly as this action
  thrust her breasts proudly forward. Alex strapped the cuffs and bar behind
  her securing her arms in that seductive position. He then placed a nipple clamp
  and weight in each hand and ushered her to walk over to Ann on the other side
  of the room. She winced and smiled nervously to her assembled friends as she
  felt the heavy weights in her hands. With her hands folded behind her she walked
  with a swaying gait across the room making the beautiful breasts sway even
  more. Her nipples had become stiff and swollen as she was obviously imagining
  the feel of the clamps and weights soon to be their fate.  
Ann smiled knowingly at her as she took the implements from her hands. Putting
  her arms around her neck Ann kissed her friend and whispered &quot;Are you
  ready?&quot; Maria nodded. Ann cupped the right breast and lifted it. Looking
  deep in Maria's dark eyes she squeezed open the clamp causing the sharp claws
  to open like those of a small crab. She positioned the jaws over the warm swollen
  nipple, paused, for a few minutes savouring the tremors passing through the
  woman before her then quickly released the clamp watching the bud distort as
  the sharp points almost touched where they were pushed together. Maria screamed
  and fought the bonds holding her arms. Ann soothed her with a kiss and, while
  looking into her eyes, gently released the weight. Maria panted as she dealt
  with the pain surging through her. Ann released the naked woman and allowed
  her to walk away. She walked to Terry who gently lifted the weight then lowered
  it again watching the breast distort as the weight pulled it down. Then he
  kissed his wife on the lips.  
Ann handed the second clamp to Wendy. Wendy took the item with shaking hands
  and bounced the weight and clamp in her hand assessing its weight. Wendy had
  never hurt anyone but now she was to place this item of torture on her friend.
  She could feel the blood roaring in her ears and her own nipples hardened and
  she felt a convulsing wetness in her vagina as the vision of what she was to
  do flashed in her brain. She beckoned to Maria to come to her.  
Maria stood proudly before her, breasts held boldly forward the right, cruelly
  distorted with the weight. She looked at Wendy, daring her friend to inflict
  this thing on her. Wendy reached out and took the large left breast in her
  tiny hand. She squeezed open the clamp and held the open jaws in front of Maria's
  face. Maria held her expression but her eyes followed the clamp as Wendy moved
  it back and forth. She looked intently into Wendy's face as she moved her hand
  away from the face and carefully positioned it over the waiting nipple. Releasing
  it slowly she heard Maria make mewing sounds as the jaws bit into the tiny
  bud. She looked into Maria's eyes and saw pain and desire in the dark pools.
  She released the clamp fully and withdrew her hand quickly allowing the weight
  to fall the full length of the chain and tug viscously on the nipple. Maria
  hissed between her teeth as the pain shot through her breast.  
She kissed Maria and holding her shoulders, turned her around to show her
  breasts to the group. Maria walked slowly placing her feet very carefully so
  as not to shake the weights any more than necessary as she moved to the centre
  of the room.  
After everyone had had ample opportunity to look at Maria and she had received
  many kisses and caresses, Ann with the assistance of Janelle had placed two
  wooden chairs in the centre of the room the seats of which were facing each
  other and separated by about one half metre. Janelle escorted Maria to the
  chairs and assisted her to stand on them with one foot on each. Maria showed
  obvious discomfort in doing this and her nipple weights swung violently as
  she bent her body to climb onto the chairs. Soon, however, she was standing
  tall, feet widely spread waiting for the next instrument of pain to be attached
  to her body. Maria was obviously aroused. A tell tale pink blush suffused her
  upper breasts and neck, but an even greater give away was the gossamer thread
  of her juice bridging her opened labia from one to the other.  
Janelle impishly ran her finger along the open slot and displayed its wetness
  to the group. Maria smiled. She was a beautiful woman. The fashion magazines
  with the current obsession with gaunt models would not think so but to a man
  who likes a woman to look like a woman she was awesome. Of greatest interest
  at the moment were her labia. Everyone was wondering what Ann and Janelle would
  do with the clamps. Not the least of whom were the two girls themselves. Whether
  there was some agreement that tonight was to be a night when the ladies were
  to be the tormentors or whether Ann just took the initiave, Karen and Richard
  never knew, but it was an excellent outcome.  
Maria had a delightful labia. The outer lips were full and pouted with the
  shape quite clear under the trimmed pubic hair. The inner lips were abundant
  and protruded in a deep pink from between the spread outer lips. Ann handed
  the apparatus to Janelle and in a few whispered words suggested that she clamp
  the inner lips. She did.  
Maria flinched as the first clamp bit into her sensitive flesh and groaned
  with the application of the second. Ann held the pear shaped weight while Janelle
  applied the clamps. She waited for her friend to settle down as she came to
  grips then while holding the weight against the lips she looked questioningly
  into Maria's face. Maria visibly stiffened bracing her will for the pain to
  come. Almost imperceptibly, she nodded.  
Ann let go of the weight. She was afraid that the weight would rip the clamps
  away from the soft flesh, but they didn't. Maria howled, took a deep breath,
  and howled again. Every cell in her body willed her hands to go to her cunt
  and take away that thing that was causing it such agony, but the straps and
  tiny bar held them immobile behind her back. Moreover, with a foot on each
  chair, she was unable to squeeze her legs together. She just had to take it.
  The writhing dance she performed was a delightful mix of eroticism and agony.
  It took a woman to know what hurts a woman and Ann had had lots of experience.  
The fact that she had to balance on the two chairs kept her movement under
  some control but the look on her face showed the pain she was suffering. Eventually
  she took control of herself and straightened her legs and again stood proudly.
  Ann offered her hand an smiled. Maria smiled back and taking the hand slowly
  and painfully stepped down from the chairs. The movement of course caused the
  weight to swing in all directions pulling the lips with them. Maria grimaced
  with each movement and Janelle and Ann stroked her body and kissed her while
  she moved as slowly as she could to minimise the inanimate but very lively
  little torturers attached so painfully to her sensitive flesh.  
Her chest was heaving with the gasps she took after her feet were eventually
  placed firmly on the floor. Again she fought the pain and stood proudly. Karen,
  as no doubt were most present, was surprised at the extent the labia became
  stretched under the effects of the weight. Her own vagina throbbed and became
  wet at the thought that but for chance, it could be her sensitive lips stretching
  some two inches below her body cruelly pulled by the relentless weights. Maria
  looked around the room spreading her legs slightly to avoid the weight pressing
  on the inside of her knees. After a brief pause she began to walk across the
  room to Terry who embraced her fondly, too fondly in fact, as she gasped as
  the nipple clamps were forced into the sensitive flesh as she pushed against
  his coat.  
Later to gentle applause she began to walk around the room, the weight acting
  as a clapper between her legs. She soon learned that whilst the swinging back
  and forward was uncomfortable, to say the least, it was when the weight bounced
  off her knee and was caused to rapidly change direction that she really got
  a jolt of pain. Hence she soon began to walk with legs apart like a saddle
  sore cowboy. Her arousal was evident to all and she was proud of the show that
  she was presenting and enjoyed the pain diffusing through her body.  
She spent about ten minutes talking to groups around the room and enjoying
  hugs and kisses where ever she walked.  
Ann beckoned her over to her side of the room, Maria was under no illusion
  as to what was waiting for her. She looked at the table now with just one item
  resting on it. The butt plug. It was a scary thing. Karen, and most of the
  women present, were glad that it was not to be her dainty anus that would be
  stretched around the fearsome item. Maria walked to the table and said to Ann &quot;What
  do you want me to do?&quot; Janelle produced one of the chairs Maria had stood
  on previously and motioned to the flushed and anxious woman standing before
  her that she must lie across the seat. Carefully Maria took up position trying
  unsuccessfully to prevent the many pieces of apparatus attached to her body
  from swinging too violently. She eventually assumed position with her belly
  resting on the seat, her large breasts with their teasing weights hanging down
  on one side, and her feet widely spread to accommodate the hardware hanging
  between them on the other side. The brown bud of her anus was prominently displayed
  between her open cheeks.  
Janelle took two straps and bound one knee to the front leg of the chair
  and then bound the other knee to the rear leg. Thus was she displayed. Her
  legs now even more widely spread, and her breasts fully displayed since her
  arms were still folded behind her back. Her two self appointed torturers allowed
  her to relax for a few minutes. She had been panting from the exertion of positioning
  herself and the resultant pain she had suffered in getting into such a position
  with her hands behind her back.  
When she had relaxed such that she looked at Ann to see what was about to
  happen next, Ann took this as a cue to begin the next phase of the torture
  of her friend.  
She took the but plug and smeared KY Cream on it. She held the item in front
  of Maria's face as she did so. Maria's wide eyes followed every move. &quot;Please
  be careful, she whispered, &quot;Nobody's ever used me there before.&quot; Ann
  nodded. Janelle stroked Maria's face and hair as Ann kneeled behind Maria.  
Her eyes widened as she felt the large knob push against her virgin sphincter,
  Then she was heard to draw breath sharply through her teeth as the tiny bud
  was forced open and to accept the tip of the intruder. A series of grunts followed
  keeping time to Ann's wrist motions as she twisted the instrument from side
  progressively forcing it deeper into her friends warm depths.  
Whether it was cruelty or caution that caused Ann to inch the tool up so
  slowly only she would know, but proceed slowly she did. Maria threw her head
  back and squealed as she felt the fullness within her give the first throb
  of real pain. Her little hole found itself stretching like a wide open mouth
  around the intruder. Ann manipulated the squeals almost, it seemed as if she
  was playing Maria like a musical instrument. Her cries and screams keeping
  time with the twisting, pushing and rocking of the oversize but plug within
  the distended anus.  
As the widest part of the tool came up to her Maria howled and begged Ann
  to stop, but she didn't, Instead she relentlessly continued to force it in.
  Maria wriggled as far forward as her bonds would permit in a futile attempt
  to escape the remorseless advance of the plug. Eventually with one last push
  and a scream from its unwilling recipient the wide section slipped passed the
  stretched ring and her involuntary muscular action quickly caused it to slide
  down the short taper pulling it inside until the flair at the base was pulled
  up into her crease. Maria sighed loudly and panted while she tried to accommodate
  the large intruder in her bottom.  
She was permitted to rest for a few minutes with Janelle again gently stroking
  her face and hair Maria making little mewing noises as she came to accept her
  violation. Soon her straps were undone and she was assisted to her feet. She
  gasped as her internal organs settled about their new guest and put pressure
  against her dilated anus.  
She began to again walk around the room, obviously revelling in the mass
  of sensation thrilling through her body from all of her sensitive sexual places.
  The pink blush soon returned to her body as she enjoyed caresses from the guests.
  Many enjoying seeing her wince as one of her weights was lifted an allowed
  to fall. With her hands still secured behind her back she needed to be fed.
  Again this was a situation that she clearly enjoyed and laughed as wine, on
  more than one occasion, trickled passed her chin and onto her stretched breasts.  
So it was that the evening progressed. Everyone remained dressed in their
  normal clothes making Maria more the focus of attention as she moved about
  the group with her bizarre accessories pulling and stretching her intimately.
  Now that she had got over the initial shock of their placement on and in her
  body, she was obviously enjoying the thrill of the shear depravity and sensuality
  of her condition.  
It was during this time that Ross made his way over to Karen and, apologising
  to Richard, asked if he could have a quiet talk to her. Richard amused himself
  watching Maria while Ross handed Karen an envelope which had already been opened.
  There was a short letter inside written on pretty mauve paper with little cupids
  in the top right corner, this is what it said:  
Mr Ross Harris  
64 Gordon Close  
Chapel Hill  
Dear Ross and the Committee,  
I want to resign from the Committee not because it hasn't been fun or any
  other reason but I would like the club to do something for (to) me and I don't
  want to be on the committee when (or if) you start planning it.  
Put simply, I want to be branded with Peter's initials.  
I don't want to know how when or where you will do it, but I know it must
  hurt and I want the brand to last so that it will be a permanent testimony
  of my love for him.  
Peter has agreed but says that I must write this letter myself to indicate
  that it is my decision made freely.  
All that I ask is that you brand me in a place that I can cover up when I
  don't want to show it but I can show it at other times without being lewd.  
We want to share this special moment with the club and seek your assistance
  to have it done properly. If you don't choose to do it, Peter has agreed to
  brand me anyway.  
Thanks guys (I think)  
Jenny.  
&quot;Wow!&quot; exclaimed Karen, after she had read it. &quot;Yes&quot; said
  Ross &quot;I was eager to have you on the committee this time so that you can
  help us decide what we should do about this.&quot;  
They talked some more and each felt that the club should assist Jenny and
  that they should discuss it in detail next Tuesday at the committee meeting.
  Karen agreed to investigate the situation and report to the meeting what she
  felt should be done.  
She was surprised that such a sensitive job should be given to her especially
  since she had not yet been to a committee meeting, but Ross had said that since
  he and Ann had a high profile in the club, they wanted this decision to be
  made by a regular member and not the club's founders. He also told her that
  the committee was deliberately run such that the women called the shots in
  deciding what was to be done at the meetings. The men on the committee lent
  support and structure and assisted in the detailed planning, but since the
  ladies were the ones who suffered the outcome of the decisions they should
  have the major say in what went on. &quot;Not that committee meetings ever
  came to a vote and decisions, so far, had always been made by a consensus&quot;,
  he pointed out.  
On that note they ceased their discussion on the matter and returned to the
  present show, which had taken an interesting turn. Maria had become very aroused
  by her condition and was now sitting on husband Terry's lap wriggling and squealing
  as he rubbed her now prominent clit and brought her to a noisy orgasm. She
  then after wriggling her breasts to make the dangling weights hang more comfortably,
  rested her head on his shoulder and enjoyed a hug.  
Some time later she accepted an invitation to sit on Gary's lap who enjoyed
  feeding the naked lady and then, following Terry's lead stimulated the keyed
  up lady again, with the same result. Karen was amused by her brother's actions.
  She would never have even contemplated the possibility even as recently as
  twelve months ago that she would ever be in a situation where she was watching
  a naked lady clamped, weighted and penetrated sitting on his knee, being masturbated
  to climax, while his wife and the lady's husband looked on.  
Karen looked at her sister in law, who smiled back. Obviously Wendy was not
  at all put out by her husband's action. It was great, Karen thought, how this
  sharing of each others most intimate erotic desires strengthened relationships.
  Certainly, her closeness with Richard had been greatly enhanced by the involvement
  with the club.  
Quite apart from her awesome night with the ants, she recollected her demonstration
  by the pool for Wendy as well as the three parts of the contest with Catherine.
  Now, far from wanting to use the club as a way of minimising the number of
  times her body was made to suffer the devious agonies of these games, she would
  have willingly submitted on each occasion.  
Richard, she thought to herself, had shown quite unexpected skills in carpentry.
  He had used his workshop to make a variety of &quot;toys.&quot; These were
  instruments of restraint and had come to include a flogging bench, a cross
  and other devices that he was working on. She knew that he was planning to
  build her a rack. Thus she could savoir the delights of being stretched. Catherine
  had told her about it and she had asked Richard to include it in their mutual
  game. It was a game that they enjoyed together. Karen was experiencing two
  feelings. One was the self confidence that came from knowing that she was in
  touch with herself. She did not know from what primeval source this desire
  found itself buried inside her psyche. Now she could address this desire and
  satisfy it.  
She still feared the pain, she always would, but the fear was a delicious
  tease which she could control and use to intensify the experience. The other
  feeling which was vastly greater than the other was the incredible erotic thrill
  that was created within her. Being a spectator, as she was now, was delightful,
  principally because of the knowledge that, but for chance, it could be her
  body stretched and suffering tonight instead of Maria. It was participation
  that was the greatest high of all, and her vagina throbbed as she imagined
  the feelings Maria would be experiencing right now. She knew that had she simply
  been watching a performance that could not have involved her, it would not
  have been nearly as exciting.  
So it was that the evening continued. Scott and Marion had gone to a great
  deal of trouble to make the occasion a success. The barbecue was delightful
  with Scott leaving nobody in any doubt as to his ability to cook on a barbecue
  and his selection of the local beef. Marion had prepared everything in advance
  (probably in case she had been chosen to do a show) and the salad and other
  elements of the dinner were delightful.  
Maria continued to circulate the room being fed and caressed wherever she
  went. She had adjusted to her accoutrements she was heard to remark that her
  nipples and labia had become numb from the compression and her bottom had stretched
  and now she found the fullness there very enjoyable and sexy.  
All too soon, it seemed, Maria's two hours were up. She was made to parade
  around the room offering herself to anyone she wished to remove an instrument
  from her body. She obviously had little idea what was in store for her as she
  walked up to Terry to give him the honour of removing the first item. Her husband
  choose to remove the clamp from her left nipple. She smiled as he took the
  clamp between his fingers and squeezed the claws open and removed the item.
  The smile endured for about half a second thereafter until the blood flowed
  back into the teat. Then the pain hit. She jumped away from Terry and squealed
  with a look of agony and surprise on her face. Eventually she settled down
  sufficient to gasp &quot;My God! - that was much worse than putting it on.&quot;  
After a short time, realising the inevitability of the situation, she drew
  herself up proudly and walked to Janelle. Janelle went to take the second clamp
  in her fingers however Maria's courage deserted her and she shrank away. Helplessly
  she looked about the room and said &quot;Somebody better hold me!.&quot; David
  stepped behind the trembling woman and put one muscular arm around her waist
  and the other around her shoulders and pulled her body into his. She could
  not move held in such a way by this powerful man. With her arms folded behind
  her, her breasts were thus thrust forward. &quot;Are you ready now?&quot; he
  whispered in her ear and she nodded. David then nodded to his wife who again
  tried to remove the clamp. Of course she had no difficulty this time as she
  looked into the frightened and tearful eyes of her friend. As soon as the clamp
  had been removed, David released Maria who again clutched the throbbing nipple
  and writhed oblivious to the watching group. She was alone with her pain and
  fought her own private battle as it surged through her. This time however,
  she did not scream since she was ready for it. She panted and made small mewing
  sounds.  
She asked to be allowed to rest and have a glass of wine before &quot;You
  take these horrible little clamps off my pussy lips&quot; as she put it.  
She was helped to sit down and David tilted the glass to her lips. She sipped
  slowly enjoying the Chardonnay and feeling the throb in each nipple gradually
  diminishing both in feeling and frequency as her heartbeat returned to normal.  
Karen, like all present, watched the spectacle eagerly devouring every second
  knowing that she would remember this for many years to come, possibly the rest
  of her life. Her own nipples were erect and sensitive she rubbed them furtively,
  wondering whether, one day, they would wear the little clamps  
Eventually, after about fifteen minutes rest and chatting to David and Janelle,
  she said &quot;I'm ready.&quot;  
Ross suggested that she could choose whether she wanted both labia clamps
  removed at once, or if she wanted it done one at a time. Maria pondered the
  question obviously wondering whether she could stand too lots of pain at the
  same time. Soon she whispered &quot;together please Ross.&quot; Asking the
  trembling lady to stand with her legs apart, Ross motioned David to hold her
  as he had done before. He crouched on the floor and put one arm around her
  knee. He reached up with his other hand and held the clamp. He asked Gary to
  do the same with the other leg and clamp. &quot;OK, Gary&quot; he said &quot; On
  the count of three: One, Two, Three.&quot; &quot;Aaagh!&quot; screamed Maria,
  as the were removed and then screamed again a second or so later as the blood
  engulfed the tiny lip and every tortured blood starved nerve in the sensitive
  little organ relayed its song of pain to her brain. She stamped her feet and
  ran on the spot squealing. She desperately wanted to rub the little lips but
  with her hands held behind her back, the throbbing pain just seemed to go on
  and on.  
Terry took her in his arms and stifled a squeal with a kiss. He held her
  and comforted her lovingly as she gradually regained her composure.  
Eventually she was calm. Now there was but one job to be done, and that was
  to remove the large butt plug from her bottom.  
Marion went to another room and returned with a padded footstool. Maria was
  made to lie over it. It was a fairly low stool, so with her breasts protruding
  over the front end of the cushion and her knees resting on the floor, her bum
  was the highest point of her body. The point was not lost on Karen that Marion
  knew exactly what item of her furniture would have the desired result.  
Ann took charge of the situation and knelt beside the anxious woman. Again
  she drafted Janelle as her assistant. &quot;OK,&quot; she said to Maria &quot;This
  is like giving birth&quot; &quot;The voice of experience&quot; thought Karen.  
Janelle took hold of the base and began to pull gently. Maria grunted. &quot;Push
  hard!&quot; Ann said as Maria screwed up her face and did as she was asked.
  Janelle rocked and gently twisted the plug as she pulled on it. The combination
  of Janelle's efforts and Maria's internal muscles caused the plug to move.
  However as the sphincter again had to accommodate the widest section, Maria
  screamed, and relaxed. Immediately the plug rode back up inside her. Janelle
  was panting as much as Maria. She said, &quot;I can't do this, it needs a strong
  man.&quot;  
Once again David was drafted to assist.  
Ann stroked Maria's hair and asked her if she was ready to try again. She
  nodded. David twisted, rocked and pulled on the plug more vigorously than Janelle
  had done and Maria let out a cry which sounded like a bark. &quot;Well push&quot; said
  Ann &quot;and it will all be over.&quot; Maria with the same screwed up face
  did as she was asked. Again however, when she felt the pain of her ring being
  stretched about the wide part, she relaxed. &quot;Oh, Oh, Oh&quot; she repeated
  quickly with a look of pain and fear on her face. David did not let the plug
  slip back. He fought the pressure of her sphincter and kept the ring stretched
  open at the point. Maria gained no relief as a result and whined &quot;I can't
  do this - please let it go.&quot; &quot;It won't go unless you push&quot; Ann
  said. She did. David could feel the result and pulled more firmly. With a loud
  shriek from its owner, the ring stretched over the widest part of the plug
  and then rapidly exuded the tapering section until just the tip held her open.
  David removed the plug and put it in a plastic bag provided by Janelle. Maria
  was gasping for breath as the perspiration trickled down her face and the small
  of he back. &quot;Eventually she smiled and said &quot;If that's what giving
  birth is like, forget it&quot; Ann smiled back and said &quot;Oh it's not like
  that - It's much worse&quot; Marion nodded in agreement.  
Maria was assisted to stand when she was ready and her hands were freed.
  She winced with pain as she brought them back to the front of her body. The
  muscles and joints held in such an unnatural position for what had been almost
  two and three quarter hours were letting their owner know in no uncertain terms
  of the strain they had suffered.  
She soon became the object of much affection with numerous kisses and hugs
  from her many friends. Terry was never far from her side. She turned to him
  and said, &quot;lets get away, I feel empty inside, now that that thing has
  gone. I want you to be filled again - by you.&quot;  
Marion escorted them to a guest room.  
Not long after the party began to break up. Some thanked Scott and Marion
  and drove off, while the majority got their bedding out of their car and found
  suitable spots in the large house to bed down with blow up mattresses and sleeping
  bags. Most like Richard and Karen had double sleeping bags and the still night
  air was punctuated for some many hours with the muffled movements and stifled
  shrieks of lovemaking.  
Chapter 12  
Karen told Richard that Ross had given her a project to work on for the committee.
  She decided that if the male committee members didn't tell their wives what
  had been decided, then she shouldn't tell her husband and spoil his surprise.
  The next day she went into her office and started searching for &quot;branding&quot; on
  the Internet. At first she got lots of stuff on the branding of products and
  legal and marketing information. Not a good start. Then she tried &quot;branding
  and S&amp;M&quot; and she was amazed at the number of web sites there were
  with useful information about the subject. She prepared some notes and on Tuesday
  at lunch time she met with Ross and the other committee members in his office
  in Creek Street Brisbane. It was a beautiful office with a huge window at one
  end looking out over the Brisbane river.  
How stunned an observer (like Ross' receptionist) would be if they were to
  be told (not that they would be) of the reason why these people were meeting
  at this time. Karen the powerfully dressed business woman carried in her brief
  case a large file of information on branding the human body.  
&quot;OK&quot; said Ross, lets get down to business as he passed around the
  sandwiches. &quot;We have two issues which need to be addressed this meeting.
  Also, lets welcome Karen and John.&quot; &quot;Yes&quot; said Suzanne, her
  eyes sparkling behind her large glasses, &quot;I was very happy to see Karen
  and John join the team&quot; The others, nodded their agreement. Ross went
  on to explain that the committee that the plans for the next meeting were in
  place so there was nothing that this new committee needed to do. The previous
  committee would take responsibility for it. The date planned for the next meeting
  was 30 October. Karen as the new female to the committee did not need to know
  what the arrangements were for the next meeting as it would lessen the surprise
  (Shock - Suzanne interjected) of what was planned. &quot;We are all going to
  be involved next time&quot; Suzanne added. Ross gave her a glance which made
  it clear that she had offered enough information.  
&quot;What needed to be done at this meeting&quot; Ross announced, &quot;was
  to decide what was to be done about Jenny's request.&quot;  
In relation to Jenny, Ross explained that it was his initial intention that
  the club should not be involved in doing anything that would cause a person
  permanent harm. He was not thinking of anything like this though. His thoughts
  were along the lines of hitting and bruising and damaging a person in the course
  of putting on a show. The fact was, that Jenny wanted to do this regardless
  of whether the committee supported her or not. She was asking the club, her
  friends, to share in this experience of hers and to assist her to have it carried
  out carefully. On this basis he was prepared to help her. The others on the
  committee had similar views which they made clear. All the others except Alex.
  He was happy to help Jenny but was concerned that nobody in the club knew anything
  about it - and wouldn't that be irresponsible. &quot;We could do some serious
  damage&quot; he said.  
Karen, who had done so much research in the last couple of days on the subject
  reluctantly agreed. She told them of what she had learned and even had reports
  from dermatologists which she had down loaded. Suzanne slapped the table and
  said &quot; Damn it, you guys who does know more about this than we have here.
  Karen has done a great job and I know we all want to do the right thing by
  Jenny, but if we don't do her, somebody else will and I don't think they will
  have as much knowledge or care as we have.&quot;  
So it was agreed, they would do it.  
Karen was asked to tell them what she thought they should do. She explained
  that actually branding Jenny would be very difficult. Her skin was so fair
  that the effect of the brand could merely be a raised section of scar tissue
  slightly whiter than the surrounding skin. You needed some melanin in the skin
  for a brand to work. Brands are more successful on dark skinned people. That's
  why tattoos are used since the tattoo ink gets below the skin and leaves its
  permanent mark. To brand a fair skinned person is difficult and painful for
  the brandee, if a really visible mark is to be made. She interrupted herself
  and exclaimed &quot;I can't believe that we are actually discussing this. The
  brandee is our friend Jenny.&quot; The others agreed with her and after gulping
  some coffee she continued to explain what she had discovered. The actual branding
  doesn't hurt as much as one would think because the nerves in the skin get
  burnt. The hotter the iron, the less it hurts. If the brandee, Jenny, can stand
  it, it should be done slowly so that the depth of the brand can be judged better.
  Also you can't do fine detail like a tattoo since the final mark extends beyond
  the edges of the iron. It is best, they say to bend up the characters out of
  stainless steel bar about 2mm thick and about 25mm wide. The edge is used for
  the branding while the width of the bar holds the heat. It has been done with
  steel wire which is easier to manufacture but the brand needs to be hotter
  since the wire looses it's heat as it cooks through the skin. There is a lot
  of water in skin and it takes a lot of heat from the wire. The bar ensures
  that it stays hot for longer. Bending and cutting the bar into the shape of
  the letters requires more skill and effort.. Stainless steel is best since
  it is undesirable to have any rust or oxide flaking off during the process.
  Also the brand needs to be well polished and clean.  
Alex interrupted and offered to make the irons in the machine shop of his
  factory. The other members didn't even know that he had one. &quot;What is
  Peter's surname?&quot; he asked. &quot;Gold&quot;, Ross replied. &quot;P.G&quot; &quot;It's
  a pity it wasn't &quot;L&quot; or &quot;U&quot; they would be easier to make.&quot; He
  grinned. It was agreed that he and Karen would decide on the details of the
  manufacture of the brand.  
&quot;How do we know if the brand will work ?&quot; Ross asked. &quot;They
  sat that it is best if you practice on a cold plucked chook&quot; she replied.
  He laughed, &quot;you can cook the chicken later &quot;, he said.  
&quot;What about the problem of her pale skin, Alex asked. &quot;That's where
  I hardly dare to say what needs to be done. &quot; she replied. She did continue
  however and said that the healing process needed to absorb dye as the scar
  tissue formed across the exposed skin. There is an antiseptic that doctors
  use for operations which is a vivid Purple/red colour. This should be mixed
  with tattoo ink in equal quantities. For best results this should be applied
  to the brand liberally every four hours for the first 24 hours and then eight
  hourly for the next week. Not only does the stuff sting like mad, but it should
  be painted into the wound with a brush which is very painful. The brandee will
  have a fortnights misery of pain and sleeplessness but at the end will have
  a very visible and nice brand. &quot; I never thought having pale skin was
  such a hassle,&quot; Suzanne quipped.  
It was agreed that the club would set up a roster to keep Jenny company for
  a fortnight after the branding to look after her and keep up the horrible treatment
  when Peter was unavailable. Jenny was really going to earn her mark.  
There was another question to be addressed. &quot;Where do we brand her?&quot; Karen
  asked.  
They read Jenny's letter and discussed what she meant in what she had written.
  It was pretty obvious that she wanted to be branded in a place where she could
  reveal her brand without exposing parts of her body not normally revealed.
  This ruled out arms and legs and other parts usually exposed and the rarely
  displayed areas such as the underside of the breasts, the inner crease of the
  buttocks and labia. It was quickly decided that the breasts would be ruled
  out since any brand there would be too disfiguring. Discussion eventually settled
  on the inner upper thighs, the outer upper thighs, the belly just above the
  above the pubic hair line, the upper buttocks and lower back.  
The group was divided and uncertain as to what to do. After much discussion
  it was agreed that they would brand her low on her back, just above the top
  of the anal crease. She could cover her brand with most clothing but when she
  wanted to show it off, she could wear a low cut backless dress, a small bikini
  or a pair of hipster slacks with a bare midriff. She would have many choices.  
It was decided that Jenny's branding would be the show for the November meeting.
  And what a show it would be. The committee worked out what arrangements needed
  to be made and they all took on various tasks in a relaxed way that indicated
  to Karen that the other members had developed a quiet respect for each others
  ability to get things done. John with Karen's assistance would make the brands,
  Ross and Alex would arrange a frame to strap the brave lady onto so that she
  couldn't wriggle and spoil the image. Suzanne was chosen to actually do the
  branding. She was to be given the irons by John a fortnight before the event
  and she would practice with Karen's assistance until she felt that she could
  do it safely and consistently. Ann was going to ring Peter and tell him what
  the committee had decided to do to his wife and to ask his assistance and approval.
  She would also discuss the roster with him to see who would be needed to care
  for Jenny after the event.  
She would also arrange a present for Maria.  
Ann would advise the members of the date and details of the next meeting.
  It was agreed that any member who did not want to be involved should not feel
  obliged to attend. Jenny would be told one week in advance of the date that
  she would be branded but would be given no further information - unless she
  really asked to know.  
I was agreed that the meeting would take place 27th November at Karen's house
  provided that Jenny would be available then and be ready to be indisposed for
  at least 2 weeks after that.  
Ann rang Karen that afternoon. She had spoken to Peter 27th November would
  be OK.  
Chapter 13  
Karen had met with Suzanne and with John subsequent to the committee meeting
  to discuss the details of the branding. John had undertaken to have the irons
  ready by the October meeting. Karen had given him the URL of the web site and
  he had looked it up also. They had discussed the details of what was required
  and Karen discussed her requirements with John.  
She and Suzanne had agreed to meet after the October meeting when the irons
  would be ready. She would assist Suzanne to practice the art of branding.  
There was nothing more that Karen could do now but to wait for the 30th of
  October.  
On Thursday a package arrived in the mail. It was from Ross and Ann. Inside
  lovingly gift wrapped was a mysterious item and a printed note signed by Ann
  and decorated with little stickers of hearts and cute little fox faces stuck
  to it. It obviously took Ann some considerable time and effort to print and
  decorate each note for every woman in the club.  
The object was a fox tail of the sort that people used to attach to car aerials
  years ago. Although the fur was artificial, it was soft and fine like the fur
  of a cat. What gave this innocent little item a fearsome aspect was the butt
  plug firmly attached to the end. The plug was sculptured into the shape of
  a penis and was about one inch in diameter at the bottom of the &quot;helmet&quot; that
  being its widest point.  
The note described the next meeting as a &quot;fox hunt&quot; and the ladies
  were asked to insert (of have inserted) the plug prior to leaving home and
  going to the meeting. They were also instructed to wear suitable clothing (such
  as a short skirt) which would allow &quot;their&quot; tail to hang free.  
Saturday evening came and Karen did as she had been requested. Naked, she
  bent over and, placing her hands on the bed she offered her bottom for Richard's
  attention. This was so lewd and she felt so exposed that she blushed and felt
  the familiar throb in her vagina and a fluttering in her belly.  
Richard smeared KY cream on the little rod and then smeared some more on
  the little anal bud. Karen made a soft mewing sound as he then forced his finger
  through the tight little sphincter forcing more cream inside her trembling
  body. Soon the finger was gone and the anxious woman waited for her virginal
  anus to be opened by this object.  
She gasped as the knob spread her cheeks and she felt its size for the first
  time. Then she howled as Richard forced it against the bud. It didn't go in.
  Richard smeared more cream on the rod and also applied more on and into her.
  Next, despite her protests he put one arm around and under her and with the
  other, he quickly forced the head through her bud and up inside her. Then he
  gently slid the rest of the shaft up into her until she could feel the fur
  of the tail between her cheeks. He gently rubbed the breasts of the panting
  woman and after kissing the back of her neck he stood up.  
Karen also stood up very slowly, adjusting to the fullness in her bum. Next
  she became aware of the soft fur of the tail brushing across the backs of her
  legs and behind her knees. She smiled, This was nice.  
She kissed her man and looked knowingly into his eyes. She was very aroused
  as indeed was he, but the unspoken message was that they would wait to see
  what else the night had to offer.  
She wore a thin white shirt with no bra and knotted the front of it below
  her breasts. This controlled them slightly and emphasised her cleavage visible
  since the top three buttons were left undone. The shape of her nipples could
  be seen thrusting into the material. She wore a very short blue miniskirt.
  She was just a walking centre of arousal. The outfit alone was sexy enough
  but with the silky tail hanging between the backs of her legs, every movement
  tantalised her in the most sensitive places, between her legs, behind her legs
  and behind her knees.  
Now she had to be driven across town dressed like a whore and with a tail.  
Actually she found sitting on the car seat without panties and, quite literally,
  with her tail between her legs to be quite erotic. The meeting was to be held
  at her brother's house. Gary and Wendy had a large property some 15 acres in
  size. It had a dam at one end and the house at the other end of the property
  was at the highest point. Karen knew the place well and had spent many a happy
  time relaxing on the decking at the back of the house looking down towards
  the dam. Now she was to visit her brother and sister in law naked under her
  skirt and wearing a fox tail.  
Fortunately Gary had a driveway running from the road to the house where
  one could park without being seen from the street. Actually, she thought, the
  committee had planned this pretty well. Other couples were arriving at the
  same time as they did and each was fascinated by the other as the ladies walked
  to the house in their sexy outfits each with a tail protruding from under her
  dress. Each walked with the gait of one whose anus was stretched by a large
  object. The tail swinging with the motion of each step caused the phallus to
  move within her body. Needless to say, they did not walk quickly at first as
  they adjusted to the strange erotic feeling.  
Once inside they were greeted by Wendy, Suzanne and Ann. Each of the three
  ladies had had her face painted to look like a fox with a black nose and whiskers.
  Ann had done it, she was a preschool teacher and had learnt the art of face
  painting. Also Ann and Suzanne, probably because they were on the committee
  and knew what was happening, had worn tight shorts with a hole cut in the appropriate
  place in the back for her tail to fall through.  
The strange group gathered on the back deck and enjoyed drinks and savories
  while chatting and enjoying each others company. Ann set up her face painting
  gear and continued to paint anyone's face who wished it. Ingrid and later Isobel
  removed her blouse and had Ann paint her breasts in a foxy pattern. The tawny
  paint she chose with a mottled pattern over it looked very erotic and it took
  her some 20 minutes to paint both ladies. This was a very amusing and arousing
  sight. Ann, who had never had to paint breasts before (there is little need
  for that in a preschool) really enjoyed herself as did her two willing subjects.  
 It was Jenny who called the attention of the group after waiting until Ann
  was finished in her painting. Obviously this night was one that Jenny had planned
  as her final duty as a committee member. She welcomed everyone and thanked
  Gary and Wendy for their hospitality that evening. She then called Maria forward
  and gave her her present in recognition for her show last month. The present
  was a weekend stay at the Twin Waters resort on the Sunshine Coast. She was
  delighted as was Tony they both wanted an excuse for a dirty weekend and this
  was it.  
Karen thought how remarkable Jenny was. There she was standing proudly acting
  as Mistress of ceremonies in front of these people, while her anus was being
  stretched and held open by the wicked little rod inserted in her and emphasised
  by the tail hanging down behind her. Moreover, she knew that the committee
  was aware of her recent request and had planned her branding for her. Confidently,
  Jenny continued on with her duties and called on Gary to tell everyone how
  the evening would be conducted.  
The rules for the game were simple. The ladies would be asked to walk down
  to the dam at the other end of the property. Each would then be expected to
  run back to the house one at a time in any order that they wished. A man selected
  at random would position himself between the pond and the house and try to
  catch the woman as she ran by. If he caught her, he had to pull out her tail.
  As if this was not bad enough (and the looks on the ladies faces indicated
  that this was a pretty frightening prospect) each lady who did not have a tail
  at the end of the game would have to receive 6 strokes of the cane on the whipping
  block which Wendy with Richard's assistance was pushing out from an adjoining
  room as he spoke.  
 It was basically a traditional whipping block which they pushed out. It
  had a step which was about one foot above the floor with a further step a further
  foot above the first. Thus the idea was that the woman would kneel on the first
  step and rest her belly on the top of the second step and place her hands on
  the floor on the other side. It did not need anyone to explain that by elevating
  the knees, the buttocks would be high in the air and above her head. There
  was a cane produced and it was a fearsome little item being about one metre
  long and about ten Millimetres thick. Karen who, through intimate practical
  experience, was an expert on these matters by now knew that It would hurt and
  leave a painful bruise.  
&quot;Why do we do this&quot;, Wendy said to Karen, as the two ladies walked
  side by side down the slope to the dam. The other ladies were also walking
  down there in small groups. All ladies that is except Leonie who was having
  a heavy period with stomach cramps and asked to be excused. &quot;I don't understand
  it either&quot; replied Karen. &quot;I hate the idea of the rod being yanked
  out of me and I am afraid of that cane but yet I am as excited and horny as
  hell.&quot; &quot;Yes&quot;, her sister in law replied &quot;And these tails
  are the most wickedly erotic things that I have ever experienced.&quot; &quot;I
  just love the feel of it between by cheeks and down the backs of my legs.&quot; &quot;We
  women are strange creatures - and the men are no different&quot;, Karen mused. &quot;I
  bet every one of then has a raging hard on right now just from thinking what
  they are going to do to us.&quot;  
&quot;We should just enjoy it&quot; Wendy replied. &quot;I don't think enjoy
  is the word&quot; said Karen &quot;But yes - I wouldn't miss this game for
  the world.&quot;  
The ladies gathered by the waters edge and some hugged and kissed each other
  for reassurance as they positioned themselves looking up the slope towards
  the house.  
David had obviously been chosen as the first man to act as catcher and he
  walked down from the house and took up position half way up the slope. He waved
  to the ladies and many coyly waved back. &quot;Can he run very fast?&quot; Jenny
  asked Janelle. &quot;He hasn't done much running lately&quot; she replied &quot;but
  he is quite fit..&quot;  
&quot;I'll give him a run for his money &quot;, Julie said confidently. Without
  another word being said, the ladies, with the body language that women use
  so effectively, made it clear to her that they wanted her to go first.  
She walked up the slope about twenty metres and waved to David. He began
  walking down towards her. Karen figured that the further down the slope that
  the man positioned himself the better it would be for the woman since she would
  be more tired when she got towards the top of the slope. Also, the more chases
  the man had made, the more tired he would become. She wondered if Julie had
  thought that also.  
Julie laughed at David and teased him by wagging her breasts at him and then
  her tail. He ran at her and she began her dash up the slope. She was too quick
  for him and she passed him with yards between them. Then she continued up the
  hill with David trying very unsuccessfully to catch up with her. She was a
  lovely sight with her lithe body running in a fluid motion with her tail floating
  behind her.  
A cheer went up from both the men at the house and the ladies at the dam
  when she got to the house well ahead of David.  
Ingrid went next. Still naked from the waist up. She ran like the fox she
  was painted to resemble. She allowed David to approach her near the bottom
  of the slope then ducked under his grasp and ran up the hill. David gave up
  the chase about three quarters up the slope. Ingrid slowed her run to a slow
  trot and supported her bouncing breasts in her hands. She also got a cheer.  
Karen moaned when she saw this and said &quot;Oh shit, I wish I'd worn a
  bra&quot; . Janelle with her large breasts thrusting against her blouse nodded
  in agreement.  
Wendy ran next. She got passed OK.  
Catherine was next to run. Her large unsupported breasts bounced vigorously
  as she ran and she was not an athletic person. David was tiring by now and
  was obviously trying to conserve his energy. He waited for her midway up the
  slope and ran at Catherine she ducked under his attempt to grab her around
  the waist and he lost his balance. As he fell he grabbed her tail and caught
  it. With Catherine's forward momentum and David falling to the ground with
  both hands grasping the tail, the phallus was snatched out of the woman's sphincter
  in an instant.  
She shrieked at the violent pull on her anus and then covered her face and
  howled as she realised that she had now qualified for a caning. Most of all
  she was disappointed to be the first woman caught.  
David walked her back to the house carrying her tail as a trophy.  
Ross was the next man out and Karen decided that she should run next and
  get it over with.  
She walked up the slope then ran to her left as Ross approached her. It worked
  and she got passed him. She ran as fast as she could. She knew the bouncing
  of her breasts would be uncomfortable but this was dreadful. She tried supporting
  them with her hands but without her arms out to balance her she couldn't run
  as fast. She was determined to keep away from Ross but he was catching up.
  She could hear his footsteps and his panting behind her. He grabbed her shoulder
  but she twisted free. In doing so, she lost her footing and began to fall.
  Ross grabbed her and they both fell to the ground together. Her hands were
  tangled up with Ross' and she hit the ground hard. Her left breast took the
  impact and she felt a jab of pain as it squashed between her body and the ground.  
She quickly realised that the game wasn't over until she lost her tail. She
  broke free and tried to run again. Ross grabbed her wrist and pulled her down
  again. He was stronger than she was and wrestled her onto her belly. She was
  enjoying the struggle and so was he. He grabbed her tail and pulled. She screamed
  at the pulling on her anus and she clenched. The pull was relentless she kicked
  her legs and tried to roll him off her back. She felt the rod slipping out
  of her and then howled at the feeling of  
emptiness within her.  
Ross got off her and helped her to her feet. She glared at him and then smiled
  and then rubbing her bottom she let him take her hand and lead her to the house
  where another fate awaited her.  
So the game continued. Nicole was caught next by Alex, but she didn't try
  very hard. Then Peter came out. His first fox was the naked and painted Isobel.
  She was much fitter than he was and she knew it from the start. She teased
  him stopping and waving her tawny patterned breasts at him. By the time she
  went to the house he was exhausted. Even Marion and Maria got passed him after
  allowing Suzanne and Jenny to tire him further. Janelle very nearly got caught
  as she ran initially holding on to her large breasts. Peter actually caught
  her but she twisted free and got away. She ran hard up the slope breasts bouncing
  beautifully to the many observers but very painfully for her. She made it,
  panting vigorously as she was embraced by her friends at the house.  
Thus it turned out that Karen, Nicole and Catherine were without tails as
  the show finished. The men moved away from the balcony where they had called
  and cheered to the women as they ran up the hill towards them.  
There was much laughter and banter as the group reassembled. Clearly the
  event favoured the younger and fitter women while those with large unsupported
  breasts were at a considerable disadvantage. Suzanne and Wendy had worn bra's
  and that helped them run. They were ribbed about that and some of the men said
  that next time this game was conducted the women should run naked. Peter got
  his share of the jokes since he had allowed most of the women to pass him without
  catching anyone. Isobel was the star performer since had she not teased Peter
  and kept him chasing after her he would not have tired so quickly and had he
  caught a woman, he would have been replaced with the probable result that many
  more would now be standing around without tails.  
Gary eventually got the groups attention and began the next phase of the
  evening. He called everyone to gather around the flogging block. Since it had
  first been pushed out someone, probably Gary, had put a brick in the centre
  of the first step. The result being that the person kneeling on the step would
  be forced to keep her knees wide apart. The three ladies were then asked to
  strip and to choose amongst themselves who would go first.  
They each assisted the other to disrobe. This gave them confidence and mutual
  support. Coincidentally, Karen and Catherine and been naked together and punished
  together on a previous occasion. Whilst nervous and blushing themselves, they
  were clearly offering support to the trembling Nicole.  
Eventually, when naked the three women stood before their assembled friends
  standing proudly and serenely in their nudity. They were embraced by their
  spouses and some of the other women. Many fully aware that they had been extremely
  lucky not to be standing naked themselves. Wendy hugged Karen and whispered, &quot;Be
  brave kiddo, Gary tested the block on me - it's a killer&quot; &quot;thanks
  a lot&quot; said Karen with cynicism and fondness in her voice at the same
  time.  
Gary, looked at Karen and announced to the group &quot;You know, this is
  what I have been wanting to do to my sister for years.&quot; He got some laughter
  and an exaggerated dirty look from Karen. He then went on to explain that the
  block, by forcing a woman, on all fours with her knees elevated had an effect
  which greatly enhanced the punishment. It had been agreed that if any woman
  felt that she could not bear what would follow, she may kneel from the side
  of the block where her knees and hands would both be on the floor. No one,
  except Wendy, knew what he was talking about.  
Catherine and Karen encouraged the reluctant Nicole to go first since it
  was better that she not see them suffer first. Though afraid, she agreed.  
She was an elegant lady. Her fear did not interfere with her poise.  
It is an interesting characteristic of a woman who is about to be punished
  that without exception, she will approach the apparatus of her torture with
  a serenity far greater than that which she would normally display. Perhaps
  it is the knowledge that she soon will be screaming uncontrollably that makes
  her want to display such calm whilst she can.  
Nicole was yet another example of this observation. A strikingly beautiful
  woman with delicate features and a hair style that suited her perfectly. She
  wore tiny diamond drop ear rings hanging from her tiny earlobes.  
She kneeled gracefully before the block and placed her hands on the top surface.
  Then, taking her weight on her hands, she lifted first one knee and then the
  other onto the lower step. Thus was she kneeling with legs spread to accommodate
  the brick separating her knees. The tips of each big toe were just touching
  the ground as her feet projected behind her. Slowly she bent at the hips and
  placed first one hand, and then the other on the floor in front of the block.
  Her belly scarcely touched the top of the higher block since it was lower than
  her pubis. She could be slightly supported by the front most edge of the block
  if she was to bend her elbows and allow the bottom of her rib cage to press
  on the block. This had the effect however of lowering her head further and
  pushing her bottom higher.  
There were audible feminine gasps around the room as the women became aware
  that the position caused the puffy lips of Nicole's Labia to protrude behind
  her. A stroke of the cane strategically placed along the crease where buttock
  meets thigh would, apart from the pain from the sensitive crease, catch the
  labia as well.  
Nicole, the owner of the lips, was unaware of their lewd protrusion. It required
  Gary to run the cane up and down the backs of her legs to make the point. Staring
  at the floor, breasts swaying and nipples bulging as they pointed to the floor,
  she cried &quot;Oh God - are you going to hit me there.&quot; &quot;Somebody
  will&quot;, Gary replied &quot;Are you game?&quot; She groaned and awkwardly
  put a hand around behind her to try unsuccessfully to gauge the extent of the
  protrusion. She resignedly put the hand back to the floor. It was uncomfortable
  to do otherwise. Next she tried to move her hips forward to reduce the extent
  that she was bent over. The lower step was too narrow. She was forced to keep
  her upper legs straight. The lips remained exposed.  
&quot;Tilting her head back and looking forward, she said with voice higher
  than normal from her strained neck, she said &quot;Very well - Lets get it
  over with.&quot;  
Gary handed the cane to Warren who after squeezing Leonie about the waist
  took the cane and selected a position from which to best execute his task.  
Warren was a bit of a comedian, and he looked at his watch and in the monotone
  which is used in telephone recorded time service he said, &quot;At the first
  stroke, It will be 9:25 precisely. There was laughter in the room as he held
  the cane high and brought it down with the familiar whirr and splat of a cane
  stroke. It landed in the centre of the exposed bottom causing it to flatten
  and spring back resiliently. The owner of the tender exposed flesh grunted
  loudly and shook her body but did not move from her assigned position.  
He waited briefly for the lady to settle down and then rubbed his hand over
  the bruised flesh and down the crease and over the protuberant lips between.
  There was moisture on his hand and he pointedly wiped it on his trouser leg
  prior to lifting his hand for the next stroke.  
It sizzled down and bit cruelly into the backs of her legs about three inches
  below her crease. Nicole cried out and straightened first one leg and then
  the other. She began to make small mewing noises as she settled in readiness
  for the next stroke.  
It landed high on the rump, as did the next slightly lower. The four lines
  were quite distinct and, with the exception of the one on the legs, were evenly
  spaced. Nicole was perspiring freely, despite the coolness of the evening air
  and moaning gently. Karen supposed that since four strokes had now been given
  that he was saving the protruding lips until the last stroke possibly through
  the red wall of pain she was experiencing, Nicole had the same idea. They were
  wrong.  
The fifth stroke was aimed very precisely and with great force at the point
  where the curve of her trim buttocks joined the straight flesh of the backs
  of her legs. The soft flesh compressed under the impact and the rod bit down
  and impacted the vaginal lips. Nicole screamed with pain, surprise and shock.
  She pulled her head back and shook her hair and howled again. She was out of
  control, oblivious of everything but the waves of fire engulfing her senses.
  A 10mm cane has weight and does not bend around the flesh, the flesh adjusts
  to suit the rod. Nicole's certainly had and every nerve in the bruised and
  sensitive flesh was sending messages to her brain in protest. She could not
  discern where specifically the pain was coming from but mixed up in all the
  sensation was a different more concentrated center of throbbing hurt which
  came from the tender wet lips between her legs.  
She tried to get up but Warren moved quickly to her side and placed his arm
  around her shoulders and gently restrained her. He kissed her tear stained
  face and stroked her hair as her shrieks subsided into sobbing. He ran his
  hands along her back and around the dangling breasts. Then he gently massaged
  the tender buttocks. Eventually he whispered &quot;One more darling - can you
  take it&quot; Slowly, thoughtfully she nodded. He kissed her again gently and
  then after looking at Alex for reassurance raised the rod to inflict a further
  stinging stroke writing a sixth line of fire, this time on the back of the
  legs, below the last one but sufficiently low as not to again hit her on the
  labia.  
The brave lady hissed as she sucked breath between her teeth and began stretching
  her arms and legs in turn. At one point she straightened all limbs at the same
  time whilst resting on her belly which was thus supported by the top of the
  block.  
Warren then helped her to her feet and hugged her. She walked stiffly to
  Alex who hugged his wife and kissed her tenderly.  
Warren turned to Karen and Catherine standing naked together arms intertwined
  and said, &quot;Who's next.&quot; Catherine looked at Karen and said &quot;You
  can go now if you like.&quot; &quot;Thanks&quot; replied Karen, not sure whether
  she could endure seeing another flogging without loosing her nerve. She kissed
  Catherine and after looking to Richard for a reassurance and being given a
  confident wink, she took the few steps needed to meet Warren standing beside
  the block. He took her hand and assisted her to kneel on the first step. She
  blushed deeply as she felt all eyes in the room watching her nakedness and
  feeling very aware of her large breasts swinging as she bent to take up the
  kneeling position required. She was deeply self conscious of what she would
  display when she bent over the block before her. After seeing what happened
  to Nicole, she knew that she would present quite a sight. Her labia were large. &quot;A
  full purse&quot;, Richard had described her on one occasion. With a look of
  resignation she bent at the hips and bent forward over the larger block. Reaching
  forward she placed her hands on the floor in front of her. Wendy was right,
  this position was a killer and, like most good S and M apparatus, devilishly
  simple. With her knees on the first step and thus about a foot above the floor
  and her hands now resting on the floor, her head was considerably lower than
  her bottom and yet her thighs were forced straight up by the narrowness of
  the first step. The skin of her bottom was pulled tight by the acuteness of
  her bending.  
Her large breasts were hanging down and swaying vigorously from the motion
  of her body as she took up position. They brushed her upper arms on occasions
  as a result of the elevation of her bottom in relation to her head. She did
  not need anyone to tell her that her labia were protruding behind her. Emphasised
  by her widely spaced knees.  
She wished that she had been restrained in some way. She was afraid that
  she would wimp out and try to get up or protect herself if the punishment was
  more than she could stand. Steeling herself she waited for the inevitable first
  impact conscious of the tiny trickle of moisture running down the inside of
  her right leg.  
It was difficult to see around the room since she needed to tilt her face
  back to avoid looking at the floor. She did see Warren hand the cane to Alex
  who then hugged his bruised and still naked wife and said &quot;Get someone
  else.&quot; Thus it was that Karen found herself at the mercy of David. She
  knew that this was not going to be easy. On both previous occasions when she
  had seen David in action he had been tough and uncompromising and ensured that
  the lady got her full share of punishment.  
She watched his feet walk passed her and sensed him taking position behind
  her. Karen, by now was no stranger to the cane. But that did not mean that
  it didn't hurt and this was a thick one wielded by a strong man. Moreover,
  her cheeks were cool and her muscles taut from the acute kneeling position
  that she had been forced to adopt. She knew that the effect of this punishment
  would last for many days after tonight.  
Still in the process of settling into the position, she was relaxed and unprepared
  when the first stroke bit into her rump. She screamed in agony and surprise. &quot;God
  he was quick getting down to business&quot; She fought down the urge to escape
  and managed to control the pain surging through her. Steeled and ready she
  waited for the next stroke. Alex realised that she was waiting and struck.
  The next cut was the dreaded one across the vagina. It was awesome. Karen howled
  again and again. It was as if a red curtain had descended before her eyes and
  she was aware of nothing but the agony whirling through her lower body. She
  didn't know how long she had been lost within herself but soon felt Alex massaging
  her neck and asking if she was ready to go on. Panting loudly she nodded. Inwardly,
  she relaxed slightly confident that there were no more shots to come like that
  one. The next three each brought a loud yell from her especially the last two
  which were to draw lines of fire across the backs of her legs. A sheen of perspiration
  to covered her skin. Trickles from around her under arm ran down her breasts
  and dripped to the floor. She watched the drips fall since her position gave
  her little else to see. &quot;Last but not least Karen&quot; he said &quot;are
  you ready?&quot; She nodded, annoyed that he would disturb her feeling by asking
  questions. Like a speeding express train, the last blow impacted on her. He
  had caught the throbbing vaginal lips again. To Karen, it felt as though the
  impact was over the top of the previous stroke. In fact it was slightly below.
  Shrieking and shaking her head she struggled to her feet. Then, holding her
  throbbing lips in her hand, she did a little pain dance oblivious of the entertainment
  she was providing.  
No one had stated how many strokes to the lips each lady should receive but
  she had been given one more than Nicole had received and she felt cheated (and
  very sore)  
Fixing an angry glare at David, she fled to her husbands arms. David with
  a look of concern, moved away from the block and gave the cane to John.  
John held out his hand to Catherine who gave him hers. Unexpectedly, this
  big man took her tiny hand and kissed it. &quot;Why thank you kind Sir&quot; she
  responded and allowed him to gracefully lead her to the waiting block. Without
  any hesitation she took up position over the block as if she had done it all
  her life.  
Her long black hair fell around her face preventing anyone from seeing it
  and also making it very difficult for her to see anything either. The first
  cut was a sizzler ant the meaty smack like so many previously filled the room.
  The large white breasts shook and she was heard to suck air through her clenched
  teeth. The second stroke had the same effect. Karen was distracted from her
  own world of pain to watch her friend's performance. Having had previous experience
  with Catherine, she knew that the lady respected and had been trained not to
  show her pain. Other than Richard and Mark, her husband and trainer, no one
  else in the room knew what she was up to. The third stroke was across the crease
  and caught her exposed lips. John had taken a lead from David and had hit hard.
  Catherine's lips were less protuberant than Karen's were but none the less
  the blow would have been a wicked impact.  
Catherine's body went rigid and she made a &quot;Ha&quot; sound like the
  first syllable of a laugh cut short. She made no further sound. &quot;This
  woman is tough&quot; thought Karen. It was a feeling that must have been shared
  by most in the room. Ann was standing nervously holding her tail in her hand
  and gently stroking the soft fur.  
The forth stroke across the back of her legs brought no sound from her.  
John lifted up her hair and saw a face with eyes tightly shut but with tears
  flowing freely. &quot;More?&quot; he asked. Gently she nodded and opening her
  eyes, she smiled at him.  
The fifth cut was also across the lips and brought a short low groan from
  her but still she did not move. A hush descended through the room. Other than
  Karen an Richard none of the others had seen Catherine being punished and were
  surprised at her toughness.  
The sixth across the fleshiest part of the rump brought no sound from her,
  just a stretching of her legs which were soon returned to the proper position. &quot;See
  if you can break her&quot; said a voice from across the room. It was Richard.
  Karen glared at him embarrassed that her husband should want to spoil such
  a performance. All eyes were on Mark. He nodded. &quot;I'm sure Catherine would
  be proud to show what she can stand&quot;, he said. John kneeled on the floor
  beside the woman and again gently lifted her hair. &quot;You don't have to
  do this'&quot; he said &quot;I want to&quot;, she replied in a husky voice &quot;Do
  your worst&quot;  

Two more strokes bit into the tender female flesh and other than a shake
  of the head and occasional mewing sounds, she held on bravely. The ninth cut
  again cut the pouting labia. A gentle keening came from the woman with three
  bars across her upper rump and a single wide bar across the lower section where
  the three strokes merged together as they now formed a continuous band of agony
  across her tenderest skin and feminine lips.  
The tenth stroke was a diagonal across the top three. Clearly hurting dreadfully
  where the lines cut. She made the &quot;Ha&quot; sound again and after a longer
  than normal stretching she again settled into position. John was about to hit
  her again when she suddenly howled. She caught her breath and howled again.
  Struggling to her feet she hugged John, flattening her abundant breasts against
  his chest and cried &quot;That's enough, That's enough - Thank you&quot; Reverting
  to what was a ritual she performed regularly, she took the cane in her hand
  and brought it to her lips, kissing it.  
The party soon broke up after that. Karen and Richard spending the night
  as guests of Gary and Wendy. Nicole and Alex stayed as well. Wendy found some
  soothing cream and gave a bottle to both ladies saying &quot;This will help
  - I know.&quot;  
Richard was desperate to take Karen but was anxious that he would hurt her
  bruised vaginal lips. Karen, just as horny as he, encouraged him to try. The
  sensation was delicious for her and she climaxed vigorously. &quot;Pain is
  just a feeling,&quot; she said &quot;and not all feelings are bad.&quot;  
Chapter 14  
The month had been busy for Karen. She had spent considerable time with John
  and subsequently with Suzanne. The two women had bought a dozen raw chickens
  and had practiced over and over again until they were confident that that had
  the branding process worked out perfectly.  
Richard could tell when his wife had been working on the project, she was
  flushed and very aroused. It was all he could do to keep up with her demands.
  Hers was a challenge he was delighted to meet.  
Karen busied herself that day getting ready for the big night. Whenever the
  club had met the hosts had provided an excellent spread and she was not going
  to be outdone. Richard was very involved also. He even had extra lighting installed
  so that he could create a better mood in their spacious entertainment room.
  He decided to leave many of their toys out where guests could look at them.
  Karen was shocked at first when she saw what he had displayed but soon decided
  that no one was coming tonight who would be surprised at what they saw. Strangely,
  nobody had thought to do this at previous parties and Richard liked the idea
  of starting a new trend.  
He had set up the love stocks, the lady horse, a flogging bench and a large
  wooden cross. In addition he had taken the many smaller toys that they had
  used and had made a display board. Hanging from the hooks on the board were
  an intriguing assortment of tools such as studded leather collars and cuffs,
  steel handcuffs, whips, canes, the martinet a tawse and a crop. Whilst Karen
  had vivid recollections of tasting the delights of many of these toys, she
  had no idea that Richard had been so busy making and collecting things. She
  remarked that she had not yet seen some of the things he had on display. He
  was amused by her surprise as she examined the many bits of apparatus. He told
  her that he was often coming up with ideas on things that they could play with
  and do and he just went ahead and made things or bought things as he got the
  idea. Thus, whenever they wanted to play, he always had something new to try.  
7pm came and with it their guests, including a flushed and nervous Jenny.
  She was talking a great deal with her voice louder and higher than usual, her
  gestures were more animated and she laughed a lot.  
Ross arrived with the branding frame discretely covered with a sheet. John
  discretely handed Karen a box which she took inside. She later emerged and
  inconspicuously placed 2 branding irons under a towel on a table on which was
  also placed a small LP gas camping stove.  
No one mentioned the specific purpose of the evening and the drinks flowed
  freely and there was lots of happy conversation. Naturally much of the discussion
  centred around the toys on display, especially the love stocks and the Lady
  Horse. Since the love stocks was Richard's invention, it got quite a bit of
  interest and only a few of the guests had ever heard of a lady horse so it
  was a centre of interest also.  
Jenny had been noticed casting an anxious glance at the covered frame and
  the little stove beside it. She said nothing about it however.  
Promptly at 9PM Ross began tapping his glass and called for quiet. To Karen's
  surprise he began by saying how they were gathered tonight to celebrate and
  take part in a special moment in Jenny's life. But then he went on to say how
  indebted the club was to Karen, not only for providing the venue, food and
  drinks for the evening but that she went to considerable trouble at fairly
  short notice to research the art of branding.  
He then said &quot;Before I ask Karen to explain what is to happen tonight,
  I want Catherine to come forward.&quot; She did, and Ann presented her with
  a gold chain that had a pendant attached which was in the shape of a coil of
  rope. It was a very beautiful piece and the chunky gold chain suited her perfectly. &quot;Thank
  you&quot;, said Ann &quot;you were very brave.&quot; Catherine gave a shy smile
  and replied that she had had a great time. Then she looked knowingly at Mark.  
Ross motioned for Karen to come forward. She did. She was surprised that
  he would want her to do the talking but she certainly did know all that was
  to happen and what needed to be done. Here was the confident business woman,
  who had spoken to many much larger audiences than this and was used to speaking
  unprepared and without notes, flushed of face, and with an anxious high pitch
  to her voice saying &quot;Thank you Ross, I didn't expect to be doing this.&quot;  
She paused. Where had her confidence gone?. Was it because she had arranged
  to have another woman's body seared with hot steel? Was it because she was
  aware that each of these people had seen her naked body with legs widely spread
  and heard her screams as her most sensitive female parts were teased by the
  sting of the ants and, more recently, the impact of the cane? Was it because,
  spread around the room, were the items of her subjugation? No doubt, as she
  spoke some in the room were envisioning how she would look spread-eagled on
  the wooden cross while others would have been fascinated by the thought of
  her strapped to the flogging bench squealing &amp; shrieking under the whips
  and other tools of pain so carefully displayed..  
It was hard to be dignified under these conditions but she resolved to pull
  herself together and do the job.  
&quot;Friends,&quot; she began, &quot;As Ross has said we are going to share
  with Jenny a special moment in her life. Indeed it will be true to say that
  after tonight she will never be the same again&quot; &quot;God&quot; - she
  thought &quot;I've got juice trickling down my leg.&quot; She continued. &quot;Jenny
  has asked us to brand her and we are to do it now&quot; &quot;Jenny please
  come forward.&quot; Looking around her nervously the young woman stepped forward.
  Her short muscular body had a cat like grace as she walked her erect nipples
  standing out prominently on her small firm breasts and thrusting into the soft
  thin material of her blouse. Karen asked her to remove her clothes. She reached
  for the clasp at the back of her dress but she was so nervous that she fumbled
  with it. Suzanne went to her aid and soon she was standing naked and slightly
  trembling before the assembled group.  
Ross lifted the sheet off the frame and took away the towel exposing to the
  wide eyed and naked young woman the panoply of apparatus gathered for her.
  Immediately her eyes were drawn to the irons. She had no idea what to expect
  but the sight of these brutal but beautifully made shining tools made her shudder.  
Karen was most impressed by the frame since this was the first time that
  she had seen it. Basically it was a steel structure in the shape of a inverted &quot;Y.&quot; The
  two legs were rigidly mounted to a sturdy wooden base. Where the legs joined
  to the vertical top section was an adjustable horizontal section supporting
  two padded blocks between which the woman would stand. A strap was provided
  at waist height and at the upper thighs and above each knee. A pair of wrist
  cuffs were attached to the top of the vertical section.  
Warren who had been asked to video the event set up his camera where Jenny,
  Karen and the frame were in view of the camera.  
Karen explained to Jenny what was planned. She explained about the need for
  the stinging antiseptic ink that would be applied regularly later and described
  that she was to be branded just above the crease of her bottom. The wide eyed
  girl did not say a word but nodded as each point was explained to her.  
Karen took a paper that Ross had given her and began to read from it.  
&quot;Jenny,&quot; she said &quot;I want to ask you some questions before
  we proceed - Is that OK?&quot;  
Jenny nodded again.  
&quot;Jenny, are you here of your own free will to accept this brand tonight?  
&quot;Yes&quot;  
Have you been threatened or paid or in any other way induced to be branded
  here tonight?&quot;  
&quot;No&quot;  
&quot;Jenny, are you aware that we will brand you deeply and leave a mark
  that will stay on your body for the rest of your life and that the pain that
  you will suffer in being branded will be extreme&quot;  
Visibly shaking, Jenny said &quot;Yes&quot;  
&quot;Are you willing to have an antiseptic dye applied to the brand as often
  as is needed during the healing process to ensure that the brand will heal
  to a vivid colour. Knowing that the application of this antiseptic will be
  painful and frequent during the healing time?&quot;  
&quot;Yes&quot;  
&quot;Do you appreciate that we here are trying to do what you requested
  and that we claim no expertise in this business and that you will not hold
  the club or any individual responsible for any undesirable outcome from this
  night or subsequent related events?&quot;  
&quot;You're getting very legal, but yes&quot;  
&quot;Do you mind us video taping this?&quot;  
&quot;No&quot;  
&quot;Lets do it&quot;  
Suzanne took the trembling woman to the frame, where she stepped onto the
  wooden base and took position in front of the steel upright. Her husband took
  her hands and kissed her fondly on the lips then without being asked, placed
  her wrists in the cuffs and secured them. Leonie was seen bringing a large
  mirror assisted by John who carried another smaller mirror. &quot;This will
  be the last time that you will be able to see yourself unmarked&quot;, Ross
  interjected. &quot;would you like to have a look?&quot; Karen asked.  
Jenny nodded, and the mirrors were placed in position. Suzanne pointed to
  the exact places where the brands would go.  
After about a minute, Ross stepped up to the stand and the others took their
  cue and moved away. He took the straps at her waist and pulled them up firmly.
  Jenny gasped as her tiny waist was constricted and the cold pillar was pressed
  into her belly and up between the valley between her breasts. He then crouched

  down and tied the strap around her upper left thigh. He motioned for Peter
  to help him tie her right leg. Her husband was no less gentle and pulled the
  strap firmly pulling the lower section of the frame into her leg. The two men
  then tied the straps above her knees in the same manner. Her legs were pulled
  in by the straps but being the muscular little person she was, this effect
  was less pronounced than it would have been for a fatter person.  
The girl was panting with the excitement and the intensity of the occasion
  when Ross loosened the screw holding the side pads in place. He again asked
  Peter to assist as he pushed one pad firmly against her pelvic bone. Her husband
  pushed just as firmly on the other side. Her lower body was totally immobile
  with her wide womanly pelvis rigidly clamped between the pads as Ross locked
  the clamp.  
Jenny had found that she was able to place her hands on top of each other
  and rest her chin on them as Suzanne took position. &quot;OK,&quot; she said, &quot;Last
  chance, if you say &quot;please brand me, now&quot;, then I will and nothing
  you will say or do until it's over will stop me.&quot;  
Jenny was a bit dazed. &quot;Well,&quot; Suzanne prompted &quot;What do you
  want me to do?&quot;  
&quot;Please brand me&quot;, she replied with some defiance entering her
  voice.  
&quot;OK'&quot; Suzanne said, &quot;I've got some bad news for you, I can't
  use two brands at once and be sure that I will get them both in the right place.&quot; &quot;So,
  I'm going to have to do one letter at a time.&quot;  
Suzanne lit the stove and placed the irons over the fire one on each side
  of the small stove. She kissed Jenny's sweating forehead and then stroked her
  hair during the five minutes or so that it took for the steel to reach red
  heat. The roar of the propane burner filled the room and not a sound was heard
  from the assembled gathering. The slight musky smell of the aroused human female
  could be detected in the air. Jenny's flushed and sweaty naked body was evidence
  of her sensation but Karen, Suzanne and indeed every woman in the room was
  also very aware of their own deep arousal. Many was the blouse with rigid nipples
  thrusting against the material and many were the trousers with a noticeable
  bulge in front.  
Suzanne turned down the gas as she took the iron with the letter &quot;P&quot; glowing
  brightly on the end and turned to Peter, &quot;Peter, are you willing to have
  your initials burnt into your wife's body.  
&quot;Yes&quot;, he replied firmly looking into his wife's eyes for approval
  as he said so.  
Suzanne waited for the red to disappear then counted slowly to 100 after
  that.  
She positioned herself so that she could get a clear attack on the waiting
  body and made sure that the camera was in position.  
Then she pressed the iron into the soft white skin.  
Chapter 15 
After it was over Jenny hung in the branding frame. There was no strength
  in her legs. The frame designed to prevent her from moving now held her from
  falling also. Building the frame so strongly and clamping her so firmly had
  been more important than anyone realised. From the instant the iron first touched
  her skin she had screamed and fought to get free of the embrace of the wretched
  frame. She had been whipped and caned before and had howled at the pain, but
  this was different. It went to the core. With a whipping the nerves tell the
  brain that they are hurting, with a branding they are telling it that they
  are burning up.  
With the first touch every muscle in her athletic little body pulled to escape
  the tight bonds and get her body away from that wicked iron, burning into her.
  Her resolve made no difference, that primeval center within her brain had taken
  over and her body was fighting to remove itself from the burning steel. Wailing
  in frustration and pain she struggled in vain. She did not hear Suzanne count
  to five before she took the brand away she was in a world alone where nothing
  existed save she, that hot iron and this hideous machine preventing her escape.  
She became aware that the pain had stopped. The screaming sound was hers
  and she stopped. She stopped fighting the frame and opened her eyes panting
  and making little mewing noises. Then she saw Suzanne taking the second iron
  from the stove. &quot;Oh God -No&quot; she screamed. &quot;No more - Please!
  No more&quot; She didn't know what to expect before, now she did. It was much
  worse.  
Suzanne paused. &quot;Should she stop&quot; she thought. She looked at Peter
  he nodded. Then she looked at Ross, he nodded also. Karen was no help, she
  stood hands across her mouth aghast.  
Jenny watched her, wailing as she walked behind her again with the glowing
  brand. &quot;No, No, No,&quot; she screamed frantically &quot;I don't want
  it&quot; Bathed all over in perspiration, she pulled desperately to break free
  of the frame but she could not move her pelvis at all, Suzanne moved slowly,
  like a robot, intently doing what needed to be done.  
The smell of the burnt flesh filled the room. It was not an unpleasant smell
  just like cooking meat, which it was in fact. Some of the women turned away
  and cuddled into their lovers shoulder or chest. Others stood riveted to the
  spot clenching their lovers arm or wrist as they watched in awe. The extent
  of this smell brought home to everyone the sheer magnitude of the sacrifice
  this young woman was making.  
Jenny, of course, was oblivious to all this. She was desperately fighting
  and pleading to escape the next onslaught of fire. It came.  
Again the little body went rigid and she howled again. Her upper back arched
  and the small firm breasts with their large nipples were thrust forward. She
  was oblivious of the spectacle she was providing. As the brand was removed
  she kept oh howling. eventually the howls became screams and eventually sobs.  
She finally realised that it was done, She stopped fighting the frame and
  collapsed in its firm grip, defeated but proud.  
A hush filled the room. All that could be heard was Jenny's heavy breathing
  while Ingrid could be heard gently sobbing into peter, her husband's, shoulder.  
Soon, Peter, Jenny's husband, went to the frame and kissed his wife and walking
  behind her examined his initials &quot;PG&quot; burnt into the soft white flesh.
  He began to release the straps. Others rushed to assist. Soon she was free
  and being kissed and hugged by all. Care was taken not to touch or bump the
  tender brand.  
Jenny was obviously exhausted and needed to lie down, but not before her
  screams were again to fill the room. She was made to lie on her belly on a
  couch where Ann brushed the bright red antiseptic onto her. After it was over
  Peter carried his wife to the guest room.  
Then something strange happened, nobody wanted to go home. They all wanted
  to stay and discuss what had happened. On other nights after a show the party
  rapidly broke up but not tonight.  
Suzanne was uneasy. She talked animatedly and constantly about the branding
  with her eyes bright. She would not sit still and walked around the room for
  the least reason. Ross stated the obvious by saying how she was overwhelmed
  by what she had done and she needed to calm down.  
&quot;She needs a good flogging&quot; Daryl said in a matter of fact voice.
  Suzanne froze and turned to her husband ashen faced. Within an instant she
  realised that he had sentenced her. She also realised that she did not mind.
  Jenny's show had created a kind of blood lust in the group, male and female
  alike. They wanted something else to round off the night. Suzanne as the one
  who had inflicted the brand was the most aroused. How appropriate that it should
  be she who would provide her body for the next performance.  
Karen also knew that Suzanne had been wanting to do a show. She had remarked
  to her, earlier, that she was surprised that despite the long time that the
  club had been running, nothing had happened to her. Karen, she observed had
  had the ants and a caning but nothing had happened to her during the whole
  time. In fact, she had seriously thought of throwing the race last month and
  allowing herself to be caught. She had even claimed that she suspected that
  Nicole had done that. If she had told Karen what she felt, she would have very
  likely have told her husband ad well. Possibly Daryl had sensed an opportunity
  to give his wife what she wanted.  
Richard asked her if that was what she wanted. Suzanne nodded. He asked her
  to choose any toy she wished. Sucking the tip of her index finger, she walked
  around the room examining the various apparatus and the restraints by which
  she would be attached. Eventually she chose the cross. Richard and David pushed
  the heavy frame to the centre of the room. She shed her clothes putting them
  on the same table as the now cool branding equipment.  
Richard attached her to the cross. He had a noticeable bulge in his trousers
  as he stretched and secured a wrist cuff around the lady's wrist. This did
  not surprise Karen since when he had previously been carrying out the same
  service for her, he had also been naked and his erection had been huge.  
Soon Suzanne was ready waiting with arms wide spaced above her head and her
  legs similarly spread below her. The two timbers of the cross (which was a
  St Andrews shape not a biblical shape) met at her belly. Thus her breasts were
  fully accessible and, as a result of the position in which she stood, thrusting
  forward proudly and enticingly. Richard removed her glasses and kissed her.
  Karen was amused at the way her husband had taken control of the situation. &quot;He
  probably thinks that since it is his cross at his house so he should get to
  use it&quot; she decided.  
She was a beautiful sight, standing tall and slim with a delightful figure.
  Her chestnut hair fell to he waist. The hair was straight and glittered as
  the room lighting caught it. Richard gathered the hair in his hands and made
  obvious signs that he wanted to keep it clear of her back. Maria took the clip
  from her own hair and quickly took over from the inept Richard in rolling the
  tresses around her hand and then clipping it in a roll with her clip.  
Meanwhile he had selected the martinet and had shown it to Daryl, who nodded
  approval. Suzanne shuddered when she saw it and steeled herself for its painful
  kiss. Richard applied it gently at first becoming more vigorous as time went
  on. Eventually the strokes to her back were very strong with the tips of the
  strands curling under her sensitive armpits and flicking painfully into her
  even more sensitive breasts.  
He handed over to Peter who attacked her buttocks with a whippy cane. Daryl
  lit a candle and stood holding it while his wife convulsed and squealed with
  each stroke of the cane. As her squeals began to run into each other and ceased
  to be in time with the strokes of the cane, he motioned Peter to stand aside
  and with one hand reached down and rubbed her crotch and with the other poured
  molten candle wax on her breasts, nipples and surrounding Aureole. Suzanne
  bucked and howled as multiple orgasms shot though her body. Most other women,
  certainly Karen, became quite wet just watching her.  
All too soon it was over, she stood, perspiring, panting but proud.  
Richard released her from the cross and she fell into Daryl's embrace. That
  was it, the party broke up. With handshakes, kisses and hugs the guests said
  goodbye and departed.  
Peter and Jenny stayed the night as did Wendy and Gary and Ross and Ann.
  The house was not very sound proof and later that night the couples were awakened
  by Jenny's howls as Peter again applied the stinging antiseptic to her brands.
  After breakfast and in front of everyone he did it again. Jenny had become
  more accepting of the situation and did not scream this time.  
The six friends sat talking for a while afterwards each was fascinated by
  the naked and suffering Jenny.  
Karen had planned this moment and, in front of her friends, asked Richard
  if he loved her. He replied &quot;Yes! Of course&quot; bemused as to where
  this was leading and wondering why she was doing this so publicly.  
&quot;Will you do anything for me that I really want?&quot; she asked. &quot;Of
  course&quot; he said again.  
&quot;I want to give you something and I want you to promise that you will
  use it on me&quot; , &quot;If that is what you wish&quot; he said, realising
  that this conversation had become very serious. She got to her feet and went
  to the sideboard and took a package from the drawer. The others watched knowing
  that they were seeing something special but wondering what it was.  
She presented him with a gift wrapped in gold paper and tied with a bow.
  He unwrapped it carefully and found a cardboard box. He opened the box and
  looked inside.  
He saw two branding irons. One with the letter R and the other an O, his
  initials. They kissed each other passionately, no words were spoken.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Richard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





