BDSM Library - Everybody Love's Raymond's Wife




Everybody Love's Raymond's Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Based on the televsion series. Debra must get back photos she had allowed an old boyfreind to take before her mother-in-law Marie sees them.Everybody Love's Raymond's Wife  
(Chapter's 1-5)  
Warning:   
This story is fiction, and should be treated
    as such. The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and
    contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading
    sex stories upset you, DO NOT read any further. If it is illegal in your
    location, DO NOT read it.   
This is a copyrighted work. Copyright by Not
    My Story. Reposting or any other use of it is strictly prohibited without
    the express, written permission of the author, except that it may be posted
    as part of a review or posted to a free-access, noncommercial archive sites.   
Disclaimer:   All
    characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone, either alive or dead,
    is purely coincidental.   
'Everybody Loves Raymond' is syndicated and &copy; to
    King World Studios West Inc. Usage of the characters here is in no way reflective
    of the real show or the actors in it, and in now way intended to undermine
    their values.   
Please! Send me your comments!   
Notmystory@kc.rr.com   
(Note to readers after doing some research on-line I have narrowed
      down that in the Second season the Debra character is supposed to be somewhere
      between 33-35 years of age so I am basing this story in that time frame
      FYI.)   
Debra Barone drove her car into the uncertain fate that awaited her. Her
  ordeal had all began some three months ago. First she found the photos in a
  large blue envelope left in the car seat while she was dropping the twins off
  at school. She had immediately recognized the photos. She had allowed her old
  boyfriend Nick to take them of her back before she had met Ray. At the time
  she had convinced herself it was art but now looking back in retrospect it
  was nothing more than smutty porn. She couldn't believe she had ever allowed
  him to take the photos like this of in the first place. But in her defense
  she had been young and stupid. She was an adventurous college student at the
  time experimenting with her own sexuality. When they finally broke up he swore
  he had given her all the prints and negatives. She took them, and convinced
  she had them all she burnt them and put it behind her. She met Ray several
  months later and never looked back. She had attended Nick's funeral just over
  a year ago. His carefree life had been the cause for his early demise, and
  as Debra looked back at the life she had before Ray and her life now she knew
  she had made the right choice. She had a loving husband and 3 wonderful children.
  Sure Ray was an idiot sometimes but he was her idiot and she loved him.  
The first note had warned her not to tell anyone or else. It threatened everyone
  starting with her Mother-in-law Marie would see the photo's of her if she didn't
  do exactly as she was instructed. The note instructed her to go to a local
  motel after dropping her kids off at school. She was told to put on the included
  blindfold and knock on the door of room 315. With the warning of what would
  happen if she refused she knew she had no choice but to obey.  
Debra knew there was no way she could ever let Marie see the photos of her.
  The women already hated her or so it felt. Deep down she thought Marie actually
  loved and accepted her as her daughter-in-law, but the photos would change
  that and ruin her life. No way would the saint Marie ever accept the fact that
  her little angel Ray had married a tramp who would have had photos like that
  taken of her. She would never let Debra live it down. That would be bad enough
  if they only saw them a few times a year that she would have to suffer through,
  but to live next door to Marie and have to face her day after day, no way could
  she live with that. There was no way she could allow that to happen. She decided
  to do as the note instructed to keep those photos from her family. She feared
  what might happen but believed she could handle it. She wouldn't do anything
  else to jeopardize her marriage, but she had to get those photos back without
  anyone else seeing them.  
She arrived at the motel that day and followed the instructions on the note
  to the letter. Standing in front of the door she placed the blindfold over
  her eyes and timidly knocked on the door and waited. After what seemed like
  an eternity standing at the door blindfolded she heard it open. She flinched
  as a gentle hand took hold of her arm and led her into the room. Debra Barone's
  heart stopped as a quiet voice told her to have a seat, her purse was taken
  from her hand as she was guided into the chair. She had worn one of Ray's sweatshirts
  and sweatpants under the thick winter coat she wore. She had tried to ugly
  herself up the best she could. She wore no make-up and leaving her hair a mess
  from restless nights sleep. The triple layer of clothes she wore made it impossible
  to see her figure. Debra had stopped by the bank and an ATM taking out a cash
  advance on a credit card gathering all the cash she could, she only hoped it
  would be enough. She had no idea how much money it would take to buy back the
  photos but she knew she had to get them. She waited in silence listening to
  the motion around her. She thought there must be two or more people in the
  room from the sounds she heard.  
Deciding five minutes of silence must have passed Debra finally spoke up. &quot;Hello?&quot; she
  said the fear echoing in her voice.  
&quot;Yes Mrs. Barone what can I do for you?&quot; the soft voice responded
  to her.  
&quot;I... I don't. well I just wondered what was happening?&quot; she said  
&quot;What do you think is happening?&quot; the voice asked  
&quot;Um well I don't know.&quot; She paused &quot;I guess I just don't understand
  why I'm here.&quot; She asked sounding confused and worried  
&quot;Well you drove yourself here Mrs. Barone I would hope you know why
  you're here.&quot; The voice said smugly. &quot;So why don't you tell me why
  you're here?&quot;  
&quot;Aaugh well I guess... no I mean I came her to get the pictures. I uh
  don't really have a lot of money but I brought what I could so... well I mean
  what do you want for the pictures?&quot; Debra asked more concerned than she
  let on.  
&quot;I would like to know what it is you think I want for those pictures
  Mrs. Barone?&quot; the voice asked again.  
&quot;I thought you would want money. I mean my husband he's a writer for
  Newsday and so I thought you know that you thought we had money and you could
  blackmail me for some quick cash.&quot; She said skeptically  
&quot;No you didn't Mrs. Barone. We both know what you thought we would want
  from you.&quot; The voice said menacingly &quot;but for now I just want to
  ask some questions Mrs. Barone.&quot;  
And so it began.  
For three hours Debra was interrogated by the voice. She was never touched
  and no one made a move on her as she sat terrified of what was to come. The
  hours passed and by the end he had begun to ask her more and more personal
  questions. Questions about her sex life with Ray and her sex life before she
  had met him. She was asked about the photo's and when they were taken. She
  was forced to tell every detail of her life most importantly of her sex life.
  She was forced to say how many partners she had been with every detail about
  them. She got more concerned as the questioning continued it seemed as if he
  already knew the answers to many of the questions. The fact is every time she
  would try to lie to the voice he called her on it telling her he knew she had
  lied and demanded she tell him truth. It had been a grueling three hours when
  the voice told her she would be free to go she just had to wait two minutes
  before she could remove the blindfold and leave.  
It had been bad but the worst part was she had never had a chance to talk
  about getting the photo's back. She went for another four weeks before hearing
  from her blackmailer again. She then received another envelope containing even
  more photo's of her. This envelope included several shots she couldn't remember
  Nick having taken of her. The photos showed her with men other than Nick. She
  was shocked and infuriated as she put what had happened together in her mind.
  Nick had a thing for blindfolds himself he used to love to tie her to the bed
  then blindfold her before making love to her. Only now did she know it hadn't
  been Nick but his friends who would have there way with her as she lay helplessly
  on the bed.  
Again the envelope had contained a note and another blindfold. She was instructed
  to do the same as she had the first time. She was at least relieved by the
  timing of these demands. Ray and his parents where picking up the kids from
  school that day and taking them camping for the weekend. She had already planned
  on driving to see her mother after dropping the kids off that morning. Now
  she would just have to leave from the motel. At least she would have a few
  days away from Ray and the kids to deal with what ever was to come.  
Again she had been led into the room and sat in silence for what seemed like
  an eternity. The first thing the voice had said to her was  
&quot;Open your mouth.&quot;  
Reluctantly she did as she was instructed. As soon as she did a small rubber
  ball was forced inside her mouth spreading her jaw apart painfully. Within
  a second another set of hands had grabbed her arms. Almost instantly the ball
  gag had been latched in place behind the back of her head. The sleeve of her
  coat and sweatshirt where pulled up her arm. A cold cotton swab was rubbed
  on her forearm before the needle pushed effortlessly thru her skin. That was
  the last thing she remembered before waking up Sunday afternoon in her own
  bed at home.  
Debra Barone awoke both tired and sore, a painful ache in her crotch, ass,
  breast and mouth. In truth every inch of her body ached from her ordeal. She
  knew she had sex, lots of sex. In fact she had more sex than she could hope
  to count from the time she arrived at that hotel room. Her memory of the events
  that weekend was foggy almost dream like. Her memory started back in the hotel
  room. There had been at least half a dozen men in the room that morning. She
  remembered the blindfold being taken off her, allowing her to see the room
  full of men. She didn't think she had recognized any of them but the memories
  were so foggy she couldn't be sure.  
The men had taunted her for several minutes after the blindfold had been
  removed, giving the drug time to work. Then they released her arms and removed
  the gag. They allowed her to rest in the chair for only minutes before her
  nightmare began. Then she remembered being asked to strip. Oh god the cameras,
  she had stripped for the group of men in front of at least two cameras. As
  she lay there recalling the events of that weekend she found herself unable
  to believe what had happened. She had begun to dance and even flirt with the
  men as they helped her remove the many layers of clothes she wore.  
Oh God no she screamed to herself she had been filmed having sex with multiple
  men and not just having sex. She had enjoyed it. She had done it willingly
  she had...  
She cried herself into the shower as she tried to wash away the memory of
  what had happened and what she had done. The fact was that other than having
  had her already neatly trimmed bush now shaved clean she could find now other
  signs of her infidelity on her body. Debra stayed in the shower for over and
  hour and a half, crying at the painful memories from that weekend. At least
  Frank installing that new water heater had paid off she had thought. Then wondering
  what sick things the crude old man would say if he knew how she had spent her
  weekend.  
She remembered leaving the hotel room after satisfying all the men there.
  Before they left she had been helped to shower and cleaned by several eager
  fellows. Her short red dress Ray's favorite in fact had been handed to her
  to put on. She was given her makeup bag and instructed to doll herself up nice.
  She left the hotel looking like a million bucks despite just being used like
  a cheap slut by a group of strange men. Three of the men took her to a fine
  restaurant downtown. After the group had finished dinner Debra was taken to
  the dance floor where she was swapped from one partner to another as the men
  she came with returned to their table and began speaking to different men who
  would join them at the table. Debra danced for over half an hour while her
  blackmailers talked at the table. Finally one of them approached her. He instructed
  her to accompany Mr. Smith for the time being.  
Mr. Smith if that was his name was at least sixty years old and obviously
  lonely. She accompanied him to a hotel next door to the restaurant. In retrospect
  she couldn't understand why she had done it but she had. When they entered
  the room the old fellow had gotten all over her. She remembered being there
  and succumbing to his aggressive sexual advances but she still couldn't figure
  out why she allowed it to happen. In less than an hour he had finished with
  her and kissing her on her head he dressed and placing several bill's on the
  dresser he left.  
Debra lay on the bed looking up as her older lover went to leave. When he
  opened the door he was greeted by two of Debra's blackmailers. She remembered
  seeing the money from Mr. Smith sitting on the dresser picked up by one of
  the two men. As he left they entered they were quick to help her get cleaned
  up and retouch her make-up before they took her down to the hotels bar. No
  sooner had they arrived than Debra was given a tall fruity drink and introduced
  to a Mr. Jones. She was hurried to finish the drink before she was told to
  show Mr. Jones some local entertainment. As soon as she sat her finished drink
  down on the bar Mr. Jones escorted her back to the same hotel room. She noted
  the bed had been remade and a bottle of champagne had been opened and left
  on ice.  
If Mr. Smith had been Sixty Mr. Jones was his older brother. He poured them
  each a glass of champagne and sat and watched as she sipped hers while sitting
  on the edge of the bed. When she had finished he began to instruct her on what
  he wanted her to do. Again she had obeyed his every wish standing and slowly
  dropping her dress to the floor. She climbed on the bed as he asked and began
  to tease her nipples as he directed, then rubbing ice from the champagne across
  her breast and then her crotch. Soon she was diving her fingers erotically
  into her now well used cunt. She couldn't remember when he joined her only
  that he had. He had used her as so many others that day.  
Again as he left, her blackmailers returned, took the money he left and helped
  her clean up and then returned her to the bar. No sooner would she get there
  than she would be sent back to the room with someone else. By eleven at night
  this had been repeated over and over again she was unsure how many times.  
Saturday had been a day of the same she had awoken to a shot in the arm and
  dick in the ass. After the three men in the room had used her she was given
  the morning after pill and some breakfast. The group stayed in the hotel room
  till some time after lunch. Debra had been well cleaned in every way possible
  to start her second day on the job nice and clean.  
They took the young mother to a local shop where they bought her a dress
  that barely covered her thirty something body. After having her eat a light
  dinner and several mixed drinks Debra was taken back to the hotel room. At
  the direction of her blackmailers she put on her new black dress and plenty
  of make-up. She had been given a pair of six inch heels to wear but after falling
  down twice before getting out of the room they let her wear a four inch pair
  out of necessity.  
The men took her to an exclusive nightclub were they danced and had her flirt
  for several hours. By 9 p.m. the club had opened its exclusive Vip area. Unlike
  some clubs that had only a small room the VIP room here was a club of its own.
  As Debra was escorted back to the room by some type of security person she
  saw one of her blackmailers taking a large wad of cash from some sort of club
  management. As she watched this one of the other blackmailers whispered in
  her ear.  
&quot;Just do everything you're told Mrs. Barone. You do anything anyone
  wants like a good girl you understand me?&quot;  
She remembered shaking her head in acceptance of his orders as the two separated
  and she was lead into the posh exclusive VIP room.  
Inside the room a group of the cities young elite indulged in all their carnal
  desires. Drugs like Ecstasy where everywhere throughout the room and it took
  only seconds before she was ushered onto the dance floor. The Music was load
  and thumping she had never heard anything like it before. The dancing was also
  foreign to her as her partner on the dance floor ground his body into hers
  in a most elicit display.  
She was eventually pulled from the dance floor where she was given a drink
  she wasn't sure what it was a screwdriver she thought. As she sipped on her
  drink one of her former dance partners brought a pill to her lips and slipping
  it in her mouth he brought her glass back to her lips for her to wash it down.
  Once she finished her drink he took her back onto the floor. This time the
  grinding really started to effect her as her arousal grew the longer the dance
  went on.  
Unsure when or how she remembered being laid on one of the large couches
  lined up around the walls of the room. Her dress was bunched up at her waist
  as her dance partner began sucking heavily on her breast, his fingers exploring
  her cunt. Her eyes explored the room and she noted she must be one of the older
  women in the room, perhaps the oldest. As time past her former dance partner
  had ravished her and left her lying there for the next lucky fellow. It took
  no time at all before he was replaced by a tall strapping black man. She remembered
  looking down at her crotch as the dark shaft was pumped inside her body over
  and over again, disappearing deep inside her. She remembered his gushing climax
  as he sprayed his seed across her face jabbing his spewing cock at her mouth.  
He was quickly replaced by another then another. She found herself sandwiched
  between two men one thrusting his rigid cock into her tightly clenched ass
  from below while another rammed her cunt from the top. As she screamed in discomfort
  someone else shoved a cock into her open mouth. She remembered looking around
  the room at the time and seeing other women in similar situations lying on
  couches around the room. The VIP had become an all out orgy with more people
  entering all the time. Her memory of the rest of the evening faded into the
  orgy she found herself apart of.  
By the time Ray and the kids had made it home she had stopped her crying
  but only because she didn't think she was physically capable of shedding even
  one more tear. She tried to act normally as she greeted her husband and the
  children, and of course it wasn't an hour before Ray's parents and his brother
  had come over.  
She suffered thru the evening and the next several days. She had been able
  to put Ray off for several days but eventually she agreed to his request for
  sex. She had shaved herself clean before so Ray only mentioned it in passing.
  He told her it was some how better than he remembered. This frightened her
  did he know? No of course he didn't she wasn't on ESPN he had to be clueless
  she reassured herself as she rolled over to fall asleep.  
Chapter 2  
As she turned into the motels parking lot she tried to think of a game plan
  to deal with her blackmailers. She realized they had plans for her again and
  she couldn't let what happened last time happen again.  
Six weeks ago Debra had received a letter informing her she had won a one
  week spa getaway to an exclusive resort in upstate New York. According to the
  letter her husband Ray had entered her name into the drawing by purchasing
  a raffle ticket for a local charity. She was excited but skeptical it sounded
  too good to be true. When Ray came home she asked him about it and sure enough
  he had the raffle ticket stub still in his wallet. Debra knew there had to
  be a catch and after calling the number on the letter her suspicions had been
  confirmed. Yes she was entitled to a five day all expense paid stay at the
  exclusive resort but the offer was only good Monday thru Friday and the offer
  was only good when there was an available opening in the next ninety days.
  After further discussion with the young lady on the phone Debra found out there
  was only one week with an opening six weeks later.  
Although she wanted to go very badly she couldn't convince Ray to watch the
  kids while she was gone. She tried to seduce him into doing it but had no luck.
  She tried to tell him how she would come back and be all made up for him after
  a week at a spa, he still wouldn't bite. The next day when she checked the
  mail she found Ray had received an invitation to play golf at one of Florida's
  finest courses and she saw her chance. As soon as he got home Debra again tried
  to talk him into letting her go on her little vacation but again he whined
  and cried about having to be alone with the kids, how he had to work. That's
  when she let him see his invitation to the golf course dropping it in his lap.
  Immediately she saw his mouth water at the thought of playing on the exclusive
  greens.  
&quot;To bad I can't spare you either, I mean I need your help around her
  with the kids and everything.&quot; She said smugly as his eyes shot open at
  her words.  
&quot;No, No this is different Debra this is, well its work. It's my job
  to take this trip.&quot; He began  
&quot;Sorry Ray your just to valuable around her to go off on some golfing
  trip the kids need there father here.&quot; She told him rewording all the
  excuses he had used on her to deny her trip.  
&quot;No, No the kids will be fine I mean the hardly see me now...&quot; He
  started to say before realizing his mistake  
&quot;You Idiot!&quot; She shot back at him and gave him her most hateful
  glare  
&quot;I... I mean...&quot; He began to babble  
&quot;What? What do you mean Ray? If you can't see the irony I'm sorry but
  what's good for the goose is good for the gander Ray!&quot; She yelled  
&quot;Look I didn't mean you couldn't go I meant, you know the kids would
  miss their mother. Yea that's it.&quot; He said as he tried to salvage his
  situation.  
&quot;NO! No that's not what you meant YOU MEANT YOU COULDN'T LET YOUR SLAVE
  GO! That's what you meant Ray. I mean if I had a week of relaxation and pampering
  at that beauty spa and resort where I could enjoy myself and take a break then
  you might have to do some work around her. You might have to cook your children
  a dinner or who knows check their homework! OH my god you're an...&quot; she
  trailed off angrily as her husband cowered under her verbal onslaught.  
&quot;No, no I never meant you couldn't go, I mean I want you to go it might
  be fun to have the kids here alone with me.&quot; He said almost reluctantly  
&quot;So you're saying you'd watch the kids while I was gone Ray?&quot; she
  asked in a less hostile voice.  
&quot;Yes, yea I'm looking forward to it.&quot; He said aloud then &quot;I
  might live a little longer&quot; he added under his breath.  
Glaring at him she said &quot;Well I guess we could spare you for a few days
  while you play a little golf.&quot;  
It was settled Ray was set to go golfing the week after she got back from
  the resort. Then she got the call last Thursday, it was a voice she recognized
  and almost hung-up on. It was her blackmailer telling her to be at the same
  motel as before Sunday at 7:00 pm. She tried to explain to him she couldn't
  but he told her to be there. Mustering her courage she said &quot;No I can't&quot; and
  hung up the phone.  
An hour later there was a knock on the front door, when Debra answered it
  she discovered no one there but did find a package on the steps. Entering the
  house she examined the package the only label on it said &quot;Open Immediately&quot; locking
  the front door and placing the chain over it she went to the kitchen and did
  the same to that door. She then took the package upstairs to the bedroom and
  opened it.  
Inside the package was a video tape and a letter. She opened the letter and
  read. All the letter said was &quot;Watch the tape NOW be sure to catch the
  end.&quot; She loaded the tape in the machine hands shaking and pressed play.  
The image on the screen looked old and it took her several minutes to recognize
  the place on the tape. It was one of the Frat houses from her college. She
  remembered going to a party there years ago with her old boyfriend Nick. God
  had she got dunk at that party she had drank several Martini's and smoked a
  joint with Nick. He'd had to take her back to her apartment after she had passed
  out that night. The video showed a person walking through a crowd at a Fraternity
  party asking several of the guys if the wanted in on the train. Debra recognized
  several of the students on the tape and several that the person on the tape
  invited for this train.  
She tried to remember the night at that party as the tape played on but only
  drew a blank she had been really wasted. Finally the person entered a door
  and walking down steps the camera followed him. Entering a large room in the
  basement the camera showed the scene of a mattress in the center of the room
  surrounded by a group of students. That's when the person being filmed spoke
  up.  
&quot;Hey quiet down everybody quiet down. Okay for this months entertainment
  we have Nick to thank.&quot; he said pointing as the camera followed his finger
  to Debra's Nick. &quot;He's brought us a young junior from our school who we've
  all seen around the halls and know we are going to see a little more of her.&quot; He
  stated as the camera panned over to a door as it opened a large football player
  carried a much younger and unconscious Debra to the bed. &quot;Debra here is
  a hoping to be a therapist someday and I suggest we all get a little treatment
  from her now.&quot; He said as someone pulled the blouse off Debra's unconscious
  body.  
She sat in disbelief as she watched the video continue it started with Nick
  climbing on top of her now completely naked body and ramming into her precious
  mound. The camera work was shaky to say the least but she watched unable to
  move as the video continued. Nick was followed by the guy who had done all
  the talking but he was not the last. Debra watched in shocked horror as one
  after another her fellow students raped her on the bed. She saw several of
  her classmates from the eleven year old video on the tape. People with whom
  she had been in study groups and classes with even after this night. How could
  they she wondered, and how could she not have known. Mercifully the group finished
  with her but not before 17 different men had used her body for there gratification.
  The scene finally faded to black as someone called out &quot;Let's get this
  slut cleaned up.&quot;  
Thinking it was over Debra stood to remove the awful tape from the machine.
  As she stepped up to the VCR another scene appeared on the screen. It was a
  video of her having a drink at a bar with a man at least twice her age. She
  was wearing her red dress the one that drove Ray nuts. This was clearly a tape
  of her activities from over a month ago. The scene then cut to one of her in
  a hotel room with the old man. She heard him ask if 200 was enough to which
  she replied &quot;Oh yes&quot; the couple then began to kiss as the old man
  groped her body. Debra watched in shock as she proceeded to pleasure the old
  man to his disgusting grunts of pleasure. She watched the scene thru her tears.
  It had just been a horrible nightmare until she saw the images on the screen
  the foggy memory now confirmed to be factual. The senior citizen finished his
  time with her and leaving two one hundred dollar bills on the nightstand he
  left the nude Mrs. Barone still gasping on the bed.  
As the picture again faded to black the phone rang.  
Hitting the eject button on the VCR Debra walked to the side of the bed and
  picked up the phone but said nothing.  
After several seconds of silence Marie Barone spoke &quot;Hello. Hello is
  anybody there?&quot; she asked  
&quot;Yes Marie I'm sorry I'm here uh is there something I can, I mean what
  can I do for you?&quot; Debra said  
&quot;Oh Hello Dear, did I wake you? Frank and I just got worried about you.
  We where bringing over some of my things for next week when I am watching the
  children and all the doors where locked but your car was still there.&quot; Marie
  said  
Normally Debra would be furious that Ray was going to use his mother to do
  something he had told her he would but after just watching the video she could
  care less. That's when the call waiting beeped in.  
&quot;uh Yeah Marie I was just taking a nap sorry I missed you look the other
  line just beeped can I let you go.&quot; Debra said  
&quot;Sure Dear we where just worried about you but we should have known
  you were just sle...&quot; Debra clicked the phone over in the middle of another
  of Marie's cheap shots.  
&quot;Hello&quot; she said into the phone grateful to be off the phone with
  Marie.  
&quot;Have you watched the tape yet?&quot; Her blackmailer asked on the other
  end.  
&quot;Uh no not yet.&quot; She lied  
&quot;Liar.&quot; The voice said &quot;interesting content I have one here
  for your mother-in-law and another special one here for your brother-in-law
  the cop. I wonder if he would really arrest his brothers wife for prostitution
  or not?&quot; the voice said.  
&quot;No! No please don't!&quot; she cried into the receiver  
&quot;Look you leave me no choice you don't want to work with me so&quot; he
  left the thought out there  
&quot;You can't.&quot; She said &quot;I was unconscious they should all be
  charged with rape anyway.&quot; She said desperate for a way out.  
&quot;Maybe so but the statute of limitations was up four years ago. The
  only crime anyone can be charged for on that tape is you for prostitution.&quot; The
  voice informed her. She wasn't sure if he was telling the truth about the statute
  of limitations or not but why would he send her a tape if it could incriminate
  anyone else of a crime.  
&quot;So what do you want from me?&quot; She pleaded  
&quot;I told you. Be at the motel Sunday at 7:00 or else perhaps you'd like
  the number for a good criminal and divorce lawyer Mrs. Barone.&quot; He told
  her coldly  
&quot;I would but I've already made plans to be out of town I can't make
  it then.&quot; She cried &quot;Please can't you make it some other time? Please?&quot; she
  begged  
&quot;No I am afraid not Mrs. Barone so can I expect you or shall I make
  other plans?&quot; she was asked cruelly  
&quot;Fine I'll be there. Okay, don't do anything with those pictures okay.&quot; She
  cried  
&quot;Good I am glad you're being reasonable Mrs. Barone I look forward to
  your visit Sunday.&quot; The blackmailer told her calmly  
&quot;Look you have to give me those pictures back&quot; she started to say
  as she heard a click on the line. &quot;I have to get those picture back okay
  this is the last time alright?&quot; she cried as the phone clicked over to
  a dial tone  
Now here she was standing outside the hotel room it was about 2 minutes till
  7:00 and she didn't know if she could go through with this again or not. She
  closed her eyes as almost mechanically she reached into her purse and pulled
  out the blindfold. She slipped it over her head and across her eyes then taking
  in a deep breathe reached out for the door. Her shaking hand touching the door
  she knocked three times timidly. She was sweating both from nervousness and
  also from the fact she was wearing 3 shirts two sweaters and a coat, jeans
  and two pair of sweatpants. Ray had even commented on her layered look before
  she left the house an hour ago. Kissing her goodbye for the week he had asked
  if the heater in the car was broke. She laughed at him telling him she thought
  she was coming down with something. Thinking nothing of it he and the children
  said there goodbyes and wished her a goodtime.  
&quot;Good I am glad to see you could make it Mrs. Barone.&quot; A voice
  told her are your bags in the car Mrs. Barone?&quot;  
&quot;My bag's?&quot; she asked confused  
&quot;Yes for your trip out of town this week. Your still taking the trip.&quot; Her
  blackmailer said. Unsure if it was a question or not she decided she had no
  choice but to answer.  
&quot;Yes.&quot; She said as calmly as possible  
&quot;Good well get them out of your car on our way out. Come on.&quot; He
  said removing her blindfold.  
Her purse still in her hand she followed the man down the stairs to the parking
  lot. She was shocked to see someone behind the wheel of her car the engine
  running another man had just closed the trunk after removing her suitcase from
  it. As she was escorted over to a large SUV she watched as her car was pulled
  into a trailer. Now seated in the SUV she watched as the back door of the trailer
  was closed and any sign of her car at the hotel was now gone. The two men who
  had been at her car now climbed in the SUV and the group drove away.  
In an hour they had arrived at the Newark airport where they hopped a plane
  to Reno. The rules had been explained to Debra clearly in the SUV. She was
  to do everything she was told without question or hesitations or else everyone
  including her children would be watching Mommies new video. Debra found herself
  in Reno at 9:00 local time. The group was picked up by a fourth man who drove
  them to a local club. Debra still wearing all her clothes and coat was sweating
  like a politician on Election Day. As she was escorted directly through the
  club and into the hotel connected with it she saw the girls there performing
  there dance on the stage wearing only paint to the cheering crowds of men.  
Once in her room she was left alone for the better part of an hour. A quick
  check on the phone confirmed it was not working and the door had been locked
  from the outside locking her in. she had stripped down to only a single shirt
  and her jeans as soon as she finished inspecting the room. She had taken note
  of the mirrors above the bed and lining the adjacent wall. She lay on the bed
  crying tell the door to her room opened.  
One of her blackmailers opened the door and walked in unannounced he had
  said nothing to her since they had boarded the plane back in Newark. He took
  a quick look around her room not even paying attention to her. He picked up
  the clothes she had taken off and left on the bed and tossed them into the
  hall through the still open door. He then turned his attention to her.  
&quot;Take off the rest.&quot; He told her casually as he stood at the head
  of the bed.  

She stared up at him like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming
  car. An angry look from him was sufficient to snap her out of her glaze however
  and she slowly stood up. She looked around the room as another of her blackmailers
  entered the room carrying her suitcase she looked at him then the first man
  and slowly lifted her shirt from her body. She held onto the shirt as she slowly
  undid the button on her jeans. Looking back at the two men she saw no mercy
  and slowly wriggled the jeans from her hips. Now holding the jeans and the
  shirt in one hand she bent over and unclasped her bra. After sliding the bra
  reluctantly down her arms she brought it and her other now removed clothing
  to her chest covering her heaving breast.  
She looked at the two men as if hoping this would be enough but from the
  looks on there faces she knew it would not. With one hand holding her clothes
  to her chest she used the other to slide her panties down her legs. Once she
  had stepped out of both legs of the panties she quickly brought that hand back
  up to cover her crotch.  
Now that she was totally naked the man standing at the foot of the bed extended
  his hand obviously wanting her clothes. Slowly, reluctantly she reached out
  and gave up her clothes to the man. He again tossed them into the hall as he
  had her others.  
Debra Barone stood in front of the two men holding one arm over her chest
  the other hand covering her crotch as the men looked on calmly. The third blackmailer
  entered the room and took a seat next to the second. That's when the first
  one spoke &quot;Give me a blow job Mrs. Barone.&quot; He ordered. Looking fearfully
  at the other two me she bent down and began to unzip his pants. &quot;On your
  knees Mrs. Barone don't you know how to give a guy a blow job.&quot; He said.  
Biting her lip Debra Barone dropped to her knees next she reached out and
  undid the man's zipper. Reaching in she pulled his cock free and not wanting
  to see it quickly slipped it into her mouth. She was disgusted by what she
  was being forced to do but just tried to think of her children and Ray as she
  bobbed up and down on the male organ in her mouth. After a while her jaw began
  to ache as she moved up and down over his member. It seemed like an eternity
  before he told her to get on the bed; on her hands and knee's. She slowly stood
  and climbed on the bed. As she positioned herself on the bed as ordered a fourth
  man entered the room it was the man who had picked them up at the airport.
  He walked immediately to her face and dropping his pants he presented his semi-erect
  cock to her. She looked up at him as if to ask for forgiveness but then knowing
  what was required of her she took his cock into her mouth and began to suck.
  After establishing a rhythm she felt the bed sink as someone climbed on from
  behind her. Turning her head while still sucking the cock she tried to see
  who it was. But unable to move her head far enough around she felt the tip
  of a cock press against her cunt's lips before seeing it's owners face. It
  took several painful jabs before the cock found its mark but she could do nothing
  to help as she felt her hair grabbed and balling it into his fist the man in
  her mouth began to force her deeper down his cock's shaft.  
Soon she was rocking back and forth between the two cocks as the men pleasured
  themselves with her. Next she found herself the center of a sandwich as she
  was pulled over on top of one cock and the other was pressed into her ass.
  She cried out in pain as the duo found there rhythm but it did nothing to stop
  there violent thrust into her. Finally one of the men who had been seated walked
  up and presented his cock to her for a blowjob. She found it torturous but
  slowly began to suck his cock as now all three of her wholes where filled with
  cock. After a few moments the man in her ass pulled free and moved to her face
  as the man she had been sucking moved out of the way. She now found a cock
  fresh from her ass presented to her to suck. Disgusted she turned her head
  away from the slimy tool but a pinch of her nipple and a slap on her ass was
  all it took to get her attention. Closing her eyes and frowning she held her
  mouth open as the cock was slipped inside. She tried to avoid letting the cock
  touch her mouth or tongue. Another pinch of the nipple and orders to suck it
  put and end to her efforts of avoidance and she lowered her lips to the cock
  and began to suck the cock as directed. Again she felt a presence at her ass
  as she rode the cock in her cunt and again she found all three wholes stuffed
  without mercy.  
She couldn't begin to describe the taste of the cock in her mouth and when
  it shot its spunk deep into her bowels she thought she would vomit. But even
  as she struggled to hold in her bile she found herself flipped while a whole
  cock was still buried in her ass. Flipped over now she lay with one dick buried
  in ass as the man who had been fucking her cunt climbed to her face, took a
  handful of hair and forced his member into her mouth. It took only seconds
  before he emptied his semen into her mouth and moved from the bed. The forth
  man then climbed between her legs and promptly stuck his dry cock into her
  well stretched cunt. Now again being pounded in both her nether wholes Debra
  began to huff and whimper. The man on top then began sucking her nipples violently
  as he rammed into her.  
Both men finally erupted the man in her ass first, once finished he kept
  stroking in and out until the man in her cunt was finished with her. Then left
  her alone with out saying another word, she laid and cried for the next several
  hours.  
Monday morning found Debra Barone Lying naked with cum dried on her thighs
  from the night before. It had been bad enough that these things had happened
  to her while she was drugged or unconscious but to have to suffer through while
  still with all her senses was the worst. She dragged herself from the bed unsure
  of the time and showered for an hour. Wearing a towel she examined her suitcase
  to find it empty. She then waited for the men to come and get her.  
It didn't take long before they came to get her and get her they did. Again
  she was used by the quartet of men before she was allowed to eat then clean
  up and finally given some clothes. The outfit was rather bland and not unlike
  something she would normally wear. The men then took her to a salon nearby
  where she was given a manicure pedicure had her hair done and much to her discomfort
  her body waxed. They waxed her legs, Underarms, lip and chin as well as pulling
  out what hair was left in her crotch. The make-up applied to her face was put
  on thick and left little doubt as to the men's plans for her. She was taken
  back to her room were she was stripped and pasties where glued over her nipples.
  The swathe of cloth she was given as a skirt barely covered her assets.  
She was then led to a steel cage, round about three foot in diameter and
  as she was locked inside one of the men told her. &quot;Be sure you dance well
  out there babe your not exactly the youngest they've seen but you still need
  to do some business.&quot;  
Within minutes Debra found her cage descending thru the ceiling of the club
  below. Seeing other girls in similar cages gyrating to the music she took there
  lead and began to move to the music. She danced for an hour to the cheers of
  the men around her and as finally her cage was raised from the floor she felt
  relief.  
She was released from the cage and taken to room with soft lights and loud
  music someone told her to work her client well and make sure he wears the rubber
  before she was left alone.  
Her solitude was broken when a man she recognized from the dance floor entered
  the room a strip of three condoms in his hand. Debra Barone bit her lip as

  the tall smiling jerk rubbed the palms of his hand together while a smile showed
  his yellow teeth to her for the first time.  
Chapter 3  
Debra looked down to find her hands shaking from fear and nervousness. Glancing
  down at her hands, her eyes focused on the glittering Wedding ring on her finger.
  Her heart sank, what had she done. The first time she met these men she had
  committed herself to buying the pictures back or facing the consequences. She
  had vowed not to allow them to do anything else that might threaten her marriage.
  But the events of her second encounter had happened so quickly she hadn't had
  a chance to stand up to them. Then after that second encounter she didn't know
  what to do, they had already made her do so many awful things she had no idea
  how to stop them now. Even in her worst of nightmares she had never imagine
  that she would be a thousand miles away from home and being prostituted out
  by a group of men whom she didn't even know one of their names.  
The yellow toothed jerk in front of her had been talking the whole time she
  had dazed off into her troubles, she had only caught the fact his name was
  Dan. He had moved closer to her on the leather couch and caught her attention
  as he pulled his cock free from his pants. She stared at his rather average
  penis as she tried to weigh her options she knew she was only digging herself
  deeper every moment she allowed the men to hold control over her.  
She was a married woman and wore the pants in her family. How had she allowed
  three strangers to make her travel a thousand miles from home to pimp her out
  to strangers? She knew the answer and she knew what she had to do. She loved
  her husband and she loved her family she was 35 years old and those pictures
  had been taken over a decade ago. Ray was many things, but for all his faults
  he was also one of the most understanding men she had ever met. She knew it
  would be tough but if she just explained it to Ray she knew he would eventually
  forgive her. Sure it would be tough, he would be hurt, but he loved her and
  she loved him. They had been through hard times before in their relationship
  and they could make it through this. Debra knew the worst part would be the
  in-laws, Maries cheap shots and innuendos, Franks crude jokes, and of course
  Roberts moronic slips of the tongue. That would be the toughest part of facing
  up to her actions but she had no choice.  
As Dan the jerk reached out and grabbed her breast she slapped his hand away
  now determined to end her ordeal.  
&quot;Don't touch me you creep!&quot; She shouted at him as she stood and
  pulled away from him. &quot;I'm no hooker I'm a married women and the mother
  of three!&quot; she yelled looking at his shocked expression &quot;I have been
  kidnapped and raped I need the police! Help! Help me someone!&quot; she screamed
  at the top of her lungs. It was barely audible over the thumping of the music
  but the jerk almost zipped up his prick trying to scramble out of the room.
  She headed for the door herself screaming &quot;Rape!&quot; and &quot;Help!&quot;  
Debra opened the door and found herself greeted by two of her blackmailers.
  Without saying a word one of the men grabbed an arm and pulled it behind her
  back painfully. She screamed out in pain and fear and quickly found her mouth
  stuffed with a gag. She was pushed down to the couch as the blackmailer holding
  her arm reached out and grabbed a hold of her free arm. It too was pulled painfully
  behind her back. The feel of the steel cuffs locking on first one wrist then
  the other made her heart stop she was then twisted around to face the men as
  the speakers in the room where shut off.  
&quot;Well Mrs. Barone I was afraid you would be difficult and I see I was
  correct. I had hoped that being an intelligent women you would have figured
  out that we will make you do what we want one way or the other. Obviously we
  would have liked to have you do it without the drugs but one way or the other
  you'll do as we want. Maybe you'll have it figured out by Wednesday if not
  we have plenty of this to last as long as we need.&quot; The bastard said as
  he pulled a needle from his jacket pocket.  
The other thug held her still as her arm was swabbed then stuck. The drugs
  began to flow through her body as she panicked hoping for someone to bust through
  the door to save her at any moment. Her fears mounted as the thug told her
  they had turned down a bachelor party that was looking for a girl for there
  party. They didn't want put her through to much to fast but what the hell it's
  only eight guys and hell with her drugged might as well. Her eyes wide with
  fear she begged them through the gag to please let her go, but her muffled
  sounds meant nothing to them as they waited for the drug to take hold of her.  
Wednesday morning she awoke with a start. Someone was lying on top of her
  ramming his cock into her raw vagina as hard as humanly possible. The hazy
  memories of the last two days now clouding her mind. Debra Barone was weak
  and tired as she squirmed under the assault of the young man. He was young
  maybe 18, white, clean cut, and to Debra he was as large as a baseball bat.
  His penis felt huge inside her. The most she could mutter was moans of pain
  as he worked his tool into her over and over again. Her head fell from one
  side to the other heavy and clouded. She fought to remember what had happened
  in the last two days.  
Her thoughts went back to Monday in the room the pasties had been ripped
  from her chest the pain was almost unbearable. Next the glue over her nipples
  was rubbed away with the cold alcohol cloth. Another needle was placed in front
  of eyes and she was mesmerized by the liquid squirting from the tip of needle.
  She remembered the description of the drug she was about to be shot up with.
  It was an aphrodisiac that would stimulate all her sexual senses and arouse
  her nerve endings causing a swelling of the clit. She would be stimulated whether
  she liked it or not. Next he showed her a third needle it contained an inflammatory
  drug that would cause swelling of tissue. It was used in Europe and still under
  testing as a breast enhancement drug. Naturally she'd get a double dose and
  gosh he was sure sorry he couldn't tell her about the side effects.  
She was then forced to watch as she was given a shot to either side of her
  newly waxed cunt. Next her head was held down as shots where injected directly
  into the center of each nipple the pain of the shots was terrible but the pain
  from the medication injected into her was worse. It was like a fire shot into
  her body and trying to burn its way through her skin. She was left to whimper
  while the group gathered outside the room. Finally she was un-cuffed and un-gagged
  but her mind was no longer under her control. She couldn't think of what to
  say or how to stop what was happening to her.  
As the music kicked in the room filled with 8 black men all eager for the
  hooker they had just paid for. One of her blackmailers had yelled in her ear. &quot;See
  what happens when you're a bad girl.&quot; before he left.  
Debra was introduced to the groom by the group and soon found she was forced
  to suck his cock. Perhaps forced was a little too strong a word she was asked
  to do so and although she never said she would she never said no as it was
  stuffed into her mouth to the cheers of the group. She was trying to keep from
  gagging when he pulled out and gave a round of high fives to the group.  
He then kissed her pained breasts before pulling her down on the couch and
  spreading her legs wide apart as he jabbed his cock into her. The intrusion
  was painful at first but soon her body began to lubricate her swollen sex as
  the cock was pushed back and forth across its lips. Debra threw her head from
  side to side her mind racing. She had to stop this she had to. It wasn't meant
  to be like this she didn't do these kinds of things, she had a family she...
  She felt the man pull out and opened her eyes just as he peeled the condom
  of his dick and then after two strong twitches a jet of white goo shot out
  over Debra's stomach.  
She dropped her head to the couch thankful it was over that's when she saw
  the naked black leg move across her chest. She looked up as he slapped her
  chin with his cock her jaw dropped open to let out the &quot;ouch&quot; from
  the slap just in time to allow him to slide it in her mouth. She heard the
  group talking about the action in front of them and swapping stories from one
  another's past when she heard someone say the didn't need a BJ. Moments after
  that comment she felt another cock at the lips of her cunt. The swollen sides
  of her cunt pulsed under the pressure of the member as it was slipped inside
  her. She tried to push the cock in her mouth out but the man inside her took
  it as an attempt to please him and drove in deeper. She rolled her eyes under
  the onslaught of the two hoping the nightmare would end soon. Again she got
  lost in her thoughts and almost missed the swap of the men. By the time she
  had come to her senses a new cock had been forced into her mouth and another
  was pulling her legs up to penetrate her sex yet again.  
She had managed a few no's in between cocks stuffed in her mouth but they
  had been so faint and the action so fast no one seemed to notice. She hated
  it she couldn't stop it and it was hell. She felt the tears run down her cheeks
  and prayed to the Lord for mercy but none came. She serviced all eight men
  in the group then posed for pictures with several of them.  
After the men finally left she was met by one of her blackmailers. He looked
  down at her and laughed,  
&quot;Should have done what you were told.&quot; She said before helping
  her up and leading her back to her room. She was allowed to clean then dress
  well almost. The bra and panties she wore could easily be seen through and
  the garter belt and stockings could hardly be called clothing. She was then
  taken back to her cage where she took another stint at dancing before being
  returned to the same &quot;Guest Room&quot; she had just been forced to work
  in.  
It wasn't long before a couple of twenty something fellows entered the room
  and quickly started to work Debra over. The two seemed to make some sort of
  competition out of her suffering trying to see who could make her moan the
  loudest or pound into her the hardest. The two where almost immediately replaced
  in the room by someone else, a single guy. He was large probably three hundred
  pounds and over six feet tall he sported a large beer belly. He said nothing
  to her simply entered the room dropped his slacks and climbed on top of her.  
She thought she would suffocate under the giant man lying on top of her as
  he sawed his average sized penis into her. Her throat was dry and soar and
  her cry's could hardly be heard under the man's grunting and thumping music.
  She felt his rhythm slow and then the twitch of his prick inside her as he
  climaxed into the condom. He then collapsed on top of Debra panting from his
  exertions; she thought for sure she would pass out before he finally rolled
  off her pulling his softening cock free of her body. He stood above her and
  smiled, rolling the condom off his cock he turned it upside down over her face
  spilling its contents across her tightly closed lips. He left the room never
  having said a word to her.  
He was followed by another man, then another before she was finally allowed
  to clean up. She danced again that night and again whored her body to five
  more men afterwards before she passed out from exhaustion.  
Chapter 4  
Lou Chalmers glanced through the one way mirror seeing Debra Barone coming
  to as the last of the high school basketball team finished with her. Their
  coach had made them a promise and Lou was happy he could help him keep it.  
He went back to editing the tape he had been working on waiting for a status
  report from his colleague Eddie back in New York. Eddie had stayed behind to
  monitor the Barones' house. Two of the small listening devices had quite working
  since they placed them during Debra's first trip to the motel, but two others
  and the phone taps and camera still worked allowing them to gather data.  
Her husband Ray had swallowed the newest lie hook line and sinker. They had
  hired a girl to call him and invite him down to Florida two days early for
  a chance to interview Don Shula. The story they used was apparently Mr. Shula
  had heard about the New York author's trip from a mutual friend and wanted
  to give Ray an interview and a free round at his newly opened golf course in
  exchange for some free publicity. Well that's what the young lady on the phone
  claiming to be Mr. Shula's assistant claimed anyway, and Ray believed her completely.
  He hated he would have to leave before Debra got back but, well more free golf.  
Slicing yet another clip of video from the tape Lou thought back on why he
  hated Debra so much.  
He had seen her back in college. She'd never given him a second glance. He
  had gone to school to be a photographer. He had dreams of someday working for
  Spielberg or Howard. It was his one and only aspiration in life. He filmed
  everything, his entire life, and to that end, filmed things for anyone who
  asked. He was filming that night Debra got drunk. He filmed as his fellow students
  climbed on and off the bed each one using her as the slut she was.  
He had met her boyfriend Nick that night and the two had become friends.
  He was shocked that Nick cared so little for her he didn't even know what her
  major was. The free spirited Nick kept telling every one she was there to be
  a therapist when Lou knew she was really there for her degree in Public Relations.  
Lou also found the couples love life on the strange side as well. Nick was
  a free spirited young man and the star of the schools hockey team. Just a year
  later he went pro only to become a mediocre NHL player. He asked Lou for a
  favor telling him that he and Debra wanted him to do something for them. He
  asked Lou to film him allowing his friends to fuck Debra while she was bound
  and blindfolded. Nick had told him she liked to be used like that never knowing
  who she'd been with. Lou filmed her with at least 10 different guys and even
  got his chance to be with her on one occasion. Nick only rule about the sessions
  had been everyone must remain silent and the music was left turned on and load.  
He and Nick had stayed friends even after Debra had got her degree and dumped
  him, telling Nick she needed to grow up and become a responsible adult. She
  had gone on to work in the Public Relations office of the New York Rangers.
  Lou thought it was a shitty thing Debra had done to Nick, especially after
  using his connections to get the job.  
But Lou would meet Debra again, after college he had gotten his first real
  job as a cameraman at a respected local studio. Debra was working on an ad
  for the Ranger's one of his studios biggest clients. It was his first big assignment.
  The shoot was to be filmed outside in the parking lot with several of the players.
  Debra had insisted they get it done at noon over the protest of Lou, the director,
  and almost everyone else. They told her the light was wrong but she had insisted.
  Apparently she had booked the players at another event that afternoon and couldn't
  miss it.  
Everyone had been right the shot was worthless. The film to grainy to be
  used and the cost to shoot it again would be considerable. Someone had to pay
  Debra demanded, his studio responded to her demands. He was fired the next
  day.  
He applied with every other studio in town, but after being fired no one
  was interested. He finally moved out to the west coast to try his luck in the
  film capitol of the world but the dark mark on his resume followed him and
  still no respectable studio would even give him an interview.  
His funds exhausted he returned home to New York to live with his mother.
  Working as a used car salesmen for a year before he finally got a job as a
  cameraman. A friend of his knew someone who shot amateur porn. It was no glamorous
  job but it was steady work that paid the bills. Soon he worked on some of the
  biggest films in the adult industry but was never able to break into mainstream
  productions.  
He had been shocked to see that bitch Debra at Nick's funeral over a year
  ago. It was clear she still didn't know him. He had never been a friend of
  hers only Nick's but she didn't even recognize him at the funeral. He had over
  heard her talking to someone else at the funeral. Apparently little Miss Debra
  had quit the Rangers and was now a happily married women with three kids and
  a loving husband.  
Lou was furious; she had cost him his dreams for a job she hadn't even worked
  at for three years. She had the perfect life and Lou had nothing. The worst
  part was she had ruined his life and still didn't even know who he was.  
Lou went home that night and dug out the old videos of Debra and Nick he
  had. He also found the stack of pictures Nick had given him all those many
  years ago for safe keeping. He watched those tapes the night of the funeral
  and decided then and there he would get his revenge on Debra. He planned his
  vengeance well, taking over a year to put his plan into action.  
He had gotten to know her brother-in-law and her husband, making it a point
  to never let Debra see him. He learned about the dysfunctional family to which
  she belonged. The first note was the toughest if she didn't take the bait what
  then.  
He was relieved beyond words when he heard her soft knocks at the door that
  first day at the motel. She had come and she had followed his demands. He knew
  that would be the toughest part after having talked to Ray and Robert about
  her.  
That first day they had taken her purse and Eddie had gotten copies of all
  her keys made. Eddie then went to her house using the copied keys and placed
  the microphones around the house, and tapping the couple's phone line. He had
  even placed small cameras in the vents in their bedroom and bathroom. He connected
  the wireless devices to send there signals through Rays DSL connection in the
  basement and left before anyone was the wiser.  
Lou found Debra's lies about her sex life amusing as he read the entries
  from the diary she had left at Nick's place so many years ago. He would ask
  her questions just to see what she would say then upon hearing her lie would
  call her on it. The frustration in her voice made him smile as he tormented
  her with his ever more graphic questions.  
He had learned she had no knowledge of that night at the sorority house and
  also she had never been aware of the change in partners Nick had pulled on
  her after blindfolding her. Lou found it amazing she had never figured it out
  or that no one had spilled the beans after all these years.  
Lou had planned the second encounter after learning of her plans to go out
  of town alone. Seizing the opportunity he had used his friends to drug her
  and use her in front of the camera. He would ruin her life the way she had
  ruined his. He had lined up the clients for her that Friday night from the
  members of Frank Barone's lodge. Fortunately none of the men had ever seen
  Frank's daughter-in-law before so they had no idea who the young hooker he
  had set them up with was.  
Lou had bought his friends help that weekend by giving them first cracks
  at the young mother. They had kept her drugged and willing the entire weekend.
  It was refreshing to see her so cooperative under the drugs after having spent
  weeks hearing her bully her poor husband. Lou would return her to Raymond after
  having broken the women and her will.  
The next night at the club Lou had paid been paid well for the use of his
  hoe. He had given it all back in exchange for being able to film her from the
  office above. In all his years filming porn he'd never seen anything as erotic
  as what he had filmed that night. The entire room had turned into an orgy of
  truly epic proportions. The men and women in that room swapped partners freely
  throughout the night. Debra had been used by men of all persuasions that evening
  and even a women wearing a strap-on penis.  
Early Sunday morning Lou had collected his whore she was covered in booze
  and semen. Her cunt gapping open from the abuse it had received. She mumbled
  her husbands name as he lifted her of the couch and carried her to the waiting
  car.  
He took her home and after taking several dozen photos of her laid out on
  her bed as she was he setup a camera on a tripod and filmed as he plowed into
  her ass on the bed she shared with her husband.  
He considered sending her husband the tapes of what he had already done to
  her at that time but decided that would be letting her off to easy, and so
  he waited for his next opportunity. When it looked like none would come he
  made his own. He sold Ray the raffle tickets claiming they wore for his niece's
  school. Next he sent Debra the letter stating she had won. Only after it became
  clear Ray wouldn't let her go did he decide to send Ray his chance for the
  golf trip. Boy would Ray be disappointed when he found out Mr. Shula had no
  clue about the interview.  
He had watched her response to the tape he had left her the day she refused
  to meet him and knew he had her even before she picked up the phone. In fact
  every thing but her blow up this Monday had worked out perfectly. He had wanted
  to force her to do his wishes without the drugs but either way he would have
  his revenge.  
He was making this tape to refresh her memory on what she had done the last
  two days in hopes that the threat of more of the same would make her obey him.
  The truth was she would get more of the same no matter what she did. But she
  didn't need to know that at least not yet.  
He sliced in a scene of her haggling over price with the Basketball coach
  just before a scene of her asking a young teenager his age before taking his
  cock into her mouth. He was the first of the underage boys she had sex with
  that morning but not the last.  
He added the footage of Debra and the boy to the tape already showing her
  with numerous other men from the previous day. Each scene clearly showing her
  taking some John's money before servicing him willingly. He had also thrown
  in some footage of her and the bachelor party.  
He watched as the last of the youngsters left her room having finished with
  her. Lou allowed her to cry herself to sleep as he continued to work on the
  tape. An hour had passed before he finished and he got up to stretch. He sent
  one of his friends in to get her cleaned up as he took a much needed nap.  
He woke two hours later to find that Debra had been cleaned and dressed and
  was now trying to get a little bit to eat before she was forced to endure anymore
  suffering. He entered the room carrying a plate of his own food and sat down
  across from her.  
&quot;So Mrs. Barone you have seen what will happen if you refuse to cooperate
  with us.&quot; He told her smugly enjoying the power he felt over her.  
&quot;Look I can't do what you want I'm a married&quot; she began to say  
&quot;Oh but you see Debra you can do what I want on you own or&quot; he
  said pointing to the television as it flickered to life. Debra watched the
  screen as again she was forced to watch herself whore her body out to man after
  man. The video just helping to clarify the blurry of memories she had from
  the last two days.  
&quot;Please, I have children and a husband. I can't do what your asking
  me!&quot; She pleaded &quot;I'll forget the whole thing okay. Just let me go
  home and I won't call the cops okay I won't tell anyone okay?&quot; she begged.  
&quot;No, afraid not Mrs. Barone just because you don't want anyone to know
  what a whore you are doesn't mean I don't.&quot; Lou said waiving his hand
  in the air. &quot;Maybe you'll see it my way by tomorrow.&quot;  
One of the men moved up behind her and held her in the chair as again Lou
  injected her arm with the drug. She had begun to scream for bloody murder as
  Lou gave her another dose of the drug. As soon as he had finished the man behind
  her moved his hands from her arms to her chest and mouth forcing her mouth
  closed to silence her.  
Lou watched her heave under Jimmy's grip. She was far to small to escape
  his powerful arms. Lou sat and ate as he watched her struggle. The inflammatory
  drug had caused her breast to swell inflating her 34B breast to a 34C or D
  cup size. As the swelling finally went down she would be left with only about
  75% of the growth she now showed.  
Jimmy held his hand over her mouth for about five minutes until she stopped
  trying to scream. Seeing she had calmed down under the drug he sat down at
  the table with Lou and Debra for a bite to eat himself. Debra began to giggle
  to herself now fully under the influence of the drug. Lou took pleasure as
  he watched her enlarged breast bounce in the tub top she wore as she giggled
  over and over again. He took note that her skin was still as white and creamy
  as it had been all those years ago. She had an incredible body for a woman
  who had given birth to twins just a few years ago. He had enjoyed filming her
  back in college and found he was enjoying himself even more now over a decade
  later.  
He finished his food before standing up from the table he left the room and
  returned a few minutes later his camera bag in hand.  
&quot;You ready to get out on the streets there Mrs. Barone?&quot; he asked
  with a smile. Debra simply looked up at him as her head fell from one side
  to the other as he helped her from the chair.  
Chapter 5  
As Debra Barone was escorted out the front of the hotel she got a glimpse
  of herself in the mirror. Her breast now swelled from her chest, her nipples
  poking thru the thin material of the tube top she wore. Her legs looked toned
  and fit although she noted more tanned than she had remembered. The four inch
  heels she wore with the short skirt adding to the street walker look she was
  now sporting. Her sub-conscious mind now registered that she truly was the
  whore of Lynbrook.  
She had been sold to countless men to satisfy there needs for days now. Her
  life as she knew it was now over. How could she go home and be a mother and
  wife after all she had done since her arrival here Sunday evening.  
She looked up from her haze to find her self being led into a beauty salon
  where she was sat in a chair.  
In the next two hours she was almost able to enjoy herself as she received
  so much needed care and attention. Her hair had been dyed a beautiful red tint
  and styled to her liking. She actually found herself liking the look as her
  hair was teased. The manicure and pedicure had allowed her drugged mind to
  relax. The fifteen minutes under the tanning bed had given her a chance to
  close her eyes and get a little sleep. The waxing of her legs, crotch, armpits,
  and eyebrows had been the only rough part of the hours she spent in the saloon.  
She left the saloon still wearing the whorish clothes she had been given
  but feeling better about herself nonetheless.  
She had walked into the store on the arm of her blackmailer but somehow she
  had gotten separated from him inside the massive furniture store. The drugs
  still clouding her mind she found herself lost and feeling helpless in this
  strange place. She was sitting on the edge of a mattress when three men approached
  her.  
&quot;Hello how you doing?&quot; the white man holding the camera said looking
  at her crudely.  
&quot;uggh, Fine.&quot; She said hesitantly  
&quot;I'd like you to meet my main man Rufus here.&quot; He said pointing
  to the muscular black man next to him.  
&quot;Sure hello Rufus.&quot; She replied as she looked around hoping to
  see her blackmailer somewhere.  
&quot;Hello.&quot; Rufus returned her greeting, nodding his head approvingly.  
&quot;Rufus and I we're researches and we interview people you know. We ask
  you questions and just kind've see how people answer and react. Do you have
  time for us to interview you oh what was your name I guess we never bothered
  to ask.&quot; The white fellow asked never bothering to identify himself to
  her.  
&quot;Uh no not really I,, , well I was here with someone but I don't know
  where&quot; she started to say but stopped as her drugged brain lost track
  of her thought.  
&quot;I'm sorry we still didn't get your name?&quot; the white guy said again.  
&quot;Oh ugh I'm Debra, Debra Barone.&quot; She said brushing a strand of
  hair from her eyes.  
&quot;I see you've got a wedding ring on I'm sorry are here with your husband?&quot; the
  white man then asked her as the black man stepped away from her.  
&quot;No he's in New York.&quot; She said then added &quot;He doesn't know
  I'm here don't tell him okay.&quot;  
&quot;No, no we won't tell him. So if your not here with your husband who
  are you here with?&quot; the man asked sounding intrigued  
&quot;Some guy.&quot; She said  
&quot;Some guy. What do you work with him?&quot; he began to ask &quot;Or
  is he like your you know lover.&quot; He asked her  
&quot;NO. No nothing like that he's well he's just I don't know just some
  guy.&quot; Debra answered frustrated by the question.  
&quot;Some guy.&quot; He said shaking his head &quot;Well have you, you know
  fucked this guy?&quot; He asked her with a coy smile on his face.  
&quot;Well yeah.&quot; Debra said without thinking. Looking at each other
  after hearing her answer, Rufus sat down next to her on the mattress.  
&quot;Okay I see well would you like to make some money Debra? By the way
  my name is Will.&quot; He asked her.  
&quot;I don't know.&quot; She answered trying to remember just what it was
  she was doing here.  
&quot;Come on it will only take like thirty minutes come on Debra. I tell
  you what you let us interview you and well pay you like what a hundred bucks.
  What do you say?&quot; Will asked her  
&quot;I uh, the guy I don't know...&quot; She tried to tell him no, but just
  couldn't get the words out of her mouth.  
&quot;Okay two hundred for thirty minutes okay?&quot; he asked again  
&quot;Well I have you know he was here and um I can't go so um.&quot; She
  mumbled  
&quot;Okay look three hundred. It'll take like half an hour you just go back
  to the studio with us and answer some questions and well bring you right back
  her with the money and you can meet back up with your guy okay? Well like tell
  the dude at the door if anyone comes looking for you that you'll be back in
  less than an hour okay what do you say Debra?&quot; Will asked her again while
  Rufus whispered compliments in her ear telling her how pretty she was and asking
  her if her husband did it for her.  
Thinking she was responding to Rufus having not been able to focus on what
  Will had said with someone talking in her ear Debra responded with a &quot;Yes&quot;  
&quot;Great let's go!&quot; Will said motioning to Rufus &quot;Give her the
  money dude&quot; he said  
Rufus stood and pulled out a wad of cash from his pants. He peeled off three
  crisp one hundred dollar bills and handed them to Debra.  
&quot;Okay this way to our ride.&quot; He said waving Debra to get up. Rufus
  placed his hand on her arm and grabbing her upper arm helped her up.  
Debra was shocked by what was going on. Where were they taking her? She hadn't
  agreed to this. She looked at the money in her hand. She had their money what
  was she supposed to do with that. She continued to struggle with the situation
  in her mind. Will had stopped to speak to the greeter as Rufus and the third
  man led her out of the store and to a waiting BMW.  
Debra was seated in the backseat with Rufus as the third guy got behind the
  wheel they pulled up to the front of the store as Will walked out and got in.  
Once in the front seat of the car Will turned to face her again pointing
  the camera at her face.  
&quot;So Debra you got any kid's?&quot; Will asked her  
&quot;Uh yea three. A girl and two boys.&quot; She replied to the question
  like it was second nature  
&quot;Okay we have us a milf guys. That's great we haven't had one of those
  in a while.&quot; Will said exchanging a high five with Rufus. Debra had no
  idea what they were going on about as she sat eyes fixed on the red blinking
  light of the camcorder.  
&quot;I think we all really like your outfit what's your husband think about
  you walking around looking like that?&quot; He asked her.  
&quot;Well he wouldn't think much. I mean he doesn't know you know I don't
  usually dress like this...&quot; she began to babble on  
After letting her gab on for another ten minutes in which she said almost
  nothing that made since Will finally butted in and said simply.  
&quot;Well he's a lucky guy whatever your saying.&quot; He said trying to
  shut her up as they pulled into the garage of a house.  
&quot;Okay we're here Debra, the studio is just right inside.&quot; Will
  said opening her door.  
Inside the house Debra was asked to set on a couch that had a sheet spread
  over it. The couch was in front of three large cameras and a set of lights.
  Rufus had left but returned a few minutes later. He sat next to her with a
  drink for her in his hand.  
Debra sat and talked with the men for about twenty minutes as she sipped
  the glass of alcohol she had been given. They had talked about her family or
  Ray's family anyway being Italian and made several references to sausage asking
  if she liked it, and then if she wanted some.  
The questions got braver as the interview drug on and that's when Will asked
  her again if she was hungry? She said yes for no particular reason except maybe
  to get him to stop asking her. He then asked if she wanted some sausage, she
  again said yes.  
That's when she noticed that Rufus had stood and dropped his pants. He wore
  no underwear and sported a large dark rod. Even semi-erect it had to be 7 inches
  or more.  
She looked at the phallus as Rufus waved it in front of her face.  
&quot;What? That's not sausage.&quot; She said having thought she was going
  to get some real sausage.  
&quot;Sure it is baby just taste it.&quot; Will told her.  
She shuck her head from side to side lips closed as Rufus brought it to her
  mouth.  
&quot;Come on taste it!&quot; Will pleaded with her offering her another
  hundred just to touch it with her tongue  
She had no idea why she had but after his offer of a hundred she had stuck
  out her tongue and licked the black tool.  
&quot;There you go you like it don't you babe?&quot; he said as she shuck
  her head &quot;NO&quot;  
&quot;Go ahead stuff that thing in her mouth Rufus! Fucking stuff that pole
  down her throat man.&quot; He directed his friend.  
Doing as Will instructed he pushed his cock into Debra's mouth. She tried
  weakly to refuse but the drugs in her system took the fight out of her. For
  ten minutes she sucked the cock in her mouth. Her mind concentrating on the
  taste of the penis sawing back and forth into her mouth unable to concentrate
  on anything else. She heard Will continue to ask her questions but could only
  look up at him as Rufus's growing cock continued to move in and out of her
  mouth.  
While he forced his rapidly growing dick in her mouth he had pushed her thin
  tube top down to her waist as he kneaded her breast. For the past minute or
  two his hand had found its way under her dress and his fingers had been rubbing
  her still engorged clit.  
All his attentions had no affect on Debra she still wanted him to stop but
  simply couldn't get her mind clear enough to make a coherent statement demanding
  that he stop.  
When he finally did stop his cock had grown to almost a full ten inches with
  a width of almost two inches. He had now bunched up her tube top and skirt
  at her waist as he helped her lie back on the couch.  
Debra Barone shed a tear as the large black cock pushed into her drug engorged
  clit the pain of the massive male organ puncturing her sex causing her to whimper
  under his muscled frame. His first ten thrust had been slow and methodical
  he watched the expressions of fear and pain run across her pale face. She said
  No, please stop two or three times but almost so quietly he wasn't sure Will
  heard her.  
He picked up his pace as he slapped her breast from side to side watching
  the tears beginning to roll down her cheeks. When her cries got to load he
  placed his hand on her chin and pushed her head up.  
Debra lay under the brute crying in pain and despair as he ground into her
  body, to her amazement this Will just kept talking to her asking her &quot;do
  you like it?&quot; &quot;Does it hurt uh baby? Uh does it?&quot; he kept asking
  her but never giving her a chance to respond.  
Her sub-conscious was vaguely aware he had called someone else telling them
  they had some hot married chick her right now and to hurry over. She had no
  idea how long Rufus had been stuffing his cock in her already sore cunt when
  she was a least partially brought out of her haze by a light slap on the face.  
There was another large black man standing to her side as Rufus now had her
  leaned over the back of the couch screwing her doggy style.  
&quot;Debra this is Johnny he came over to see you.&quot; Will told her.  
&quot;Why? Why is he here?&quot; she asked in between huffs as she rocked
  back in forth in-time to Rufus's thrusts into her.  
&quot;Why do you think he's here babe?&quot; Will asked as he got closer
  to her face with a camera.  
&quot;I, I don't know to give me a ride...&quot; she grunted from an especially
  hard thrust from Rufus. &quot;to give me a ride back.&quot; She finally got
  out between grunts.  
&quot;Oh yea he's gonna give you a ride baby?&quot; Will joked &quot;He's
  gonna give you a nice long ride.&quot; Will told her  
Debra looked up to see Johnny pull his large black cock free of his pants.  
&quot;What's that?&quot; she asked foolishly  
&quot;It's a big black cock Debra no suck it.&quot; Will told her as did
  Rufus from behind. Johnny then began to stroke it in front of her face and
  he too told her to suck it.  
She looked desperately up at the cameras hers eyes pleading for her release
  when Will ordered Johnny to stuff that fucking thing in there. Again Debra
  found a dick forced in her mouth.  
She was beginning to feel more control over her thoughts as she rocked back
  and forth between the cocks at both ends of her body. That's when she felt
  the cold slick finger rubbing around her asshole.  
Rufus began to lube her ass up even as he continued to pummel her cunt with
  his cock. When he felt his fingers had made adequate head way he pulled his
  condom covered cock from her cunt and aimed it at the puckered bud of her ass.  
He pushed in slowly not wanting to hurt the lady or break his rubber after
  his third thrust he coated what was exposed of his cock with more grease before
  working it back in.  
Debra couldn't believe how big this dick was as it poked past her anus again
  and again. The pressure had been almost unbearable. She was not an anal virgin
  before this all began. Although she had never allowed Ray to screw her there
  because she had felt it was degrading and after having warned him once he never
  bothered her about it again.  
Now she had thought she had grown accustom to it after the last three days
  but that was before this log was forced into her ass. From all the pain she
  felt from this massive pole shoved into her she had lost all sense of what
  was going on around her.  
Her mind continued to feel more like her own as her ordeal continued. In
  time a rhythm was found again between Dave and Rufus as they went at her from
  both sides. She sucked the cock in her mouth now knowing she should milk him
  to an orgasm before he too tried to shove his cock up her ass.  
Although the plan had seemed like a god one before it had happened Rufus
  pulled out of her ass and told Johnny to switch places with him.  
&quot;My god&quot; she thought &quot;this has gotten worse&quot; as Rufus
  forced his still condom coated cock into her mouth. Johnny had taken about
  thirty seconds to fuck her cunt before he pulled from her cunt and aiming at
  her still slightly gapping asshole shoved his way in. She felt she would vomit
  as she tasted her own juices on the cock in her mouth. The tears no flowed
  freely down her face as she thought of how she must look for the cameras.  
She had been so preoccupied in thought she hadn't noticed when Rufus had
  moved out of the way and a third black male stuffed his cock into her mouth.
  In fact she had not been aware of the switch until Rufus announced he was ready.  
At that point Johnny and the third guy pulled both her tube top and skirt
  completely free from her body then guided her to impale her cunt on Rufus's
  massive cock as he lay on the floor. As soon as he was comfortable with the
  feel he pulled he down onto his chest. That's when the third man kneeled and
  guided his large rod to her asshole.  
His thrust into her had been the most painful of the evening as he poked
  at her pushing the walls of her sex against Rufus's thick tool. Once both of
  the two had found there tempo a fourth unannounced man stood in front of her
  and demanded she &quot;suck it.&quot; She slowly guided her lips over his long
  snake like member before he grabbed the back of her head and began to bob it
  forcefully over his manhood.  
Debra couldn't believe she had been made the center of a gangbang by three
  complete strangers she had met at the store. This had been the worst week of
  her life. She flipped this way and that for the next hour as each of the four
  men took their turn in each position making Debra fell more like a toy to some
  children than a human being.  
Just when she felt completely in control of her thoughts was she told to &quot;open
  your mouth and keep it open.&quot; She did as she was told right up until the
  first thick gob of cum shot into the back of her mouth the warm liquid causing
  her to gag. She began to cough and spit it up even as the man continued to
  shot stream after stream on her face, causing her to close her eyes as her
  face was covered by his seed.  
She heard him step away as someone grabbed a handful of her hair and forcing
  her head back sprayed more of the goo on her face. The next man had insisted
  she open her mouth he even warned her not to spit it out but after the second
  jet of the liquid hit the back of her throat she couldn't help but gag again.  
Rufus went last pushing her to the ground he placed his cock between her
  breasts and began to jerk himself off between her sore chest. He ordered her
  to smile just before he shot his first stream of liquid onto her neck and face.
  He then rubbed the head of his oozing cock against each of her nipples coating
  them in sperm.  
She had time to wipe some of the sperm from her eyes before Johnny helped
  her up. The last man that had joined the gangbang handed her the clothes she
  had worn in and offered to take her someplace to let her cleanup.  
She was shocked at how quickly she was hurried through the house and to a
  door. She then found herself shoved into the garage and her clothes thrown
  to the front of the open bay.  
She pounded on the door demanding to be allowed in for several minutes before
  she gave up and retrieving her clothes she put them on and walked out of the
  garage and onto the drive way of the home. She immediately saw her blackmailer
  standing beside the black SUV parked across the street. She looked around hoping
  for some other way to escape before she approached him.  
Chapter 6   
Debra Barone approached the monster in front of her ready to strike. She
  had been pushed to brink by these men and the deplorable acts she had been
  forced to perform. She felt the dried semen crack on her face as her brow wrinkled
  staring at the man.  
Lou watched as Debra approached him, the drugs he had given her earlier should
  have worn off by now and he hoped to force her to perform for him willing adding
  to her humiliation. She looked like hell her make-up smeared, hair a mess,
  the skimpy top and skirt she wore both disheveled and thrown on. He could see
  the tell-tale signs of her ordeal in the dried fluids on her face and chest.
  His eyes had locked there gaze on her erect nipples poking through the thin
  top.  
The first blow took him totally by surprise as Debra knocked him in the side
  of the jaw hard enough she hurt her hand in the process. He recovered quickly
  and was able to block the knee to the groan that followed. She landed several
  punches to his torso before he'd grabbed her arms with the help of his two
  accomplices who had jumped from the SUV.  
Debra found her self pushed into the backseat of the Ford Expedition by her
  blackmailers. She had begun to scream for help she screamed &quot;Rape!!!&quot; and &quot;Someone
  Call the POLICE!&quot; before the door was closed and a hand was clamped around
  her mouth roughly. Two of the blackmailers had climbed in the backseat with
  her as the third started the vehicle and began to drive away from the scene.  
One of the blackmailers held her to his chest one arm restraining hers while
  the other covered her mouth. The second man had begun to tie her arms together
  before pulling out a large roll of duct tape from the back of the vehicle.
  He pulled several strips of tape free and then stuffing something in her mouth
  tapped it in place.  
Debra found herself hogtied in the backseat of the speeding SUV in mere minutes.
  Furious at how she was being treated she continued to struggle in her bonds,
  that's when she heard the men begin to speak to one another.  
&quot;Well what are we going to do with her now she's still fighting us?&quot; one
  said.  
&quot;We stick to the plan. Just go to the parlor she'll make the call or
  else.&quot; another said coolly.  
Debra's mind raced what where they talking about? What parlor? Make what
  call? She started to try to unravel their conversation now no longer struggling
  in her bonds. She would not be forced to do another thing no matter what. She
  would fight, she would stop this before anything else happened she promised
  herself. She lay on the two men's laps steadying her resolve when she felt
  a hand move under the thin skirt.  
&quot;So how long will her clit stay like this?&quot; One of the men said
  pushing her engorged lips together as some of her fluids squeshed free of her
  body.  
&quot;Well I don't know to tell you the truth one dose last about 24 hours
  I gave her a triple dose and the last time I checked she was still stiff as
  a board.&quot; Someone answered.  
She felt a hand push her top down as he grabbed a handful of her breast and
  squeezed.  
&quot;What about these honkers how big you think they are?&quot; her groper
  asked.  
&quot;We'll lets just say those 34B bra's she had won't do the job anymore
  I don't think. We bought a 36DD for tonight but once the swelling goes down
  we figured they'll just be 36D's. 'Course I'm thinking of giving the bitch
  a couple more shot's if she gives us anymore trouble. Make her fun bags explode
  from the swelling know what I mean?&quot; Lou said to the laugh's of the other
  men.  
Debra sat horrified by what she heard, how could anyone be so heartless.
  She had been changed physically for life. The emotional scares would never
  heal nor would she be able to enjoy sex the same way again. She felt like she

  had been killed and was now just a shell of her former self.  
The man fingering her cunt continued to probe in and out of her womanhood
  asking yet another horrifying question of the other men.  
&quot;So how many guy's did you say she'd been with this week.&quot; he asked
  sinking a second finger into her.  
&quot;Well the four of us multiple times then 13 guys the first night. Then
  what is was seven more Tuesday but those guys used her what two, three times
  each. Then the eight basketball players and the coach.&quot; He said before
  being interrupted.  
&quot;Hey that thirteen year old never really fucked her.&quot; Someone chimed
  in.  
&quot;So the kid suffered a little premature ejaculation but he did it trying
  to stick it in her so we'll give it to her. Okay and then these four guys from
  that website. So what is that like 36 guys fucking her god knows how many times.
  I mean that's not counting the 47 guys she did that first weekend we put her
  to work. So we've got her taped with over like eighty guys I'm sure her family
  would like to see.&quot; Lou said with a laugh.  
Debra cried tears mixing with the cum on her face as the men talked about
  her as though she wasn't even there. Then she felt the man whose lap her ass
  was on unzip his pants.  
&quot;Help me get her up all this talk is making me horny.&quot; He said
  trying to pull her up onto his cock.  
&quot;You're fucking depraved!&quot; his friend replied pushing her up onto
  his partners cock.  
Debra couldn't believe she was again being raped by these monsters. The pain
  of this intrusion was lessened because her groan had no feeling left to it.
  The dull sensation was now almost second nature to her. The bastard grabbed
  her enlarged breast and tried to use them to bounce her up and down on his
  cock. He complimented her on still having a nice tight cunt after all her lovers
  as he plowed through her grunts of pain.  
She'd closed her eyes and tried to forget what was happening to her as he
  pleasured himself inside her. Finally she felt him release his seed inside
  her sore vagina as he grunted his labored compliments to her for the fine lay
  she was.  
She sat on the bastards lap his softening cock still impaled inside her for
  the rest of the ride. It took another ten minutes before they stopped in the
  alley and opening the door someone pulled her from the man's lap and tossed
  her over their shoulder. She was carried into the backdoor of a building sperm
  running down the back of her leg.  
She was dropped in the dentist like chair as the men began to disperse into
  the building. The leader of the little group stayed behind and producing a
  knife cut her bonds free of her arms and legs. He told her to clean up as he
  pointed to a small room off to the side of the room she was in. She found a
  shower, sink and toilet inside the sealed room and no way to escape she took
  the time to clean herself up as best she could. She found her clothes missing
  when she exited the shower and finally left the room wearing only a towel.  
As soon as she entered the main room she was grabbed by two of the men and
  tossed back in the chair. She was quickly bound to the chair arms, legs, and
  her neck secured to the cold chair as her towel was ripped from her body. Her
  first sound of protest landed a slap to her face causing her to sit silently
  as she was bound to the chair.  
The leader of the little group then wheeled up next to her face and sternly
  looking in her eyes he began to speak.  
&quot;Look Debra this is what your going to do. I'm going to put you on the
  phone and your going to tell your husband that they botched your hair or what
  ever bullshit you want and that they are giving you three more days to make
  up for it okay?&quot; Lou told her.  
&quot;NO! Fuck you I'm not doing another thing for you I'll see you in hell
  before I do anything&quot; she told him defiantly as he pulled a tray up to
  the chair.  
&quot;Hey Ripper I think were ready for you now.&quot; He said as he pulled
  the paper towel from the tray exposing the needles underneath it.  
Debra felt her legs still tied to the chair pulled apart as a burly looking
  tattooed freak entered the room. He pulled up a stool of his own smiling down
  at the now spread and bound young woman.  
&quot;Where do you want me to start?&quot; he asked as he rubbed his hands
  together.  
&quot;We'll start by piercing her belly button then both her breast. I think
  well have you do her cunt you know the clit a couple of rings in both of her
  lips. Then if she still acting spunky well do he nose both nostrils and tongue.
  Do her lip eyebrow and what ever else you want. Then you can take your payment
  from her. By the way has your hepatitis gotten any better.&quot; Lou asked  
&quot;Fuck you all!&quot; Debra yelled before she was again slapped.  
&quot;Maybe I should have had you start with her tongue.&quot; Lou said as
  Ripper rubbed an alchol pad over her belly button.  
She stared defiantly as Ripper brought a large gauge needle to her stomach.  
&quot;You can stop this anytime Debra by making the phone call. So what will
  it be?&quot; Lou asked her holding up his hand.  
She glared hatefully at him not willing to answer him. Lou lowered his hand
  motioning for Ripper to continue. Ripper then lowered the needle to continue,
  laid it on her flat stomach as he began to pinch at her belly button. He then
  took a metal device of some type and used it to clamp the skin around her navel
  together. She grunted in pain as he clamped down on her navel.  
The room was completely silent of all background noise. All Debra could hear
  as she watched Ripper work was her own labored breathing. She watched in a
  state of distanced shock as he placed the needle in to some type of device.
  Holding the handle of the device he brought it to her navel steadying his aim.
  The pain of the needle piercing her skin was instant and severe. The gold hoop
  he slid in her belly button was half an inch in diameter and caused her to
  whimper in pain as tears ran down her cheek.  
&quot;Well Debbie you ready to make that call now Hon? Lou asked.  
Debra stared up at him blankly she was in a state of shock how could this
  be happening to her she was a member of the PTA a regular church partioner.
  She had never been unfaithful to her husband never even thought about it, not
  seriously anyway. She had never done anything like this before not willingly
  or knowingly anyway. To find out what had been done to her all those years
  ago and to now have to suffer what she had been through. She didn't deserve
  this she had never done anything to anyone to deserve what she was suffering,
  why would any human being be willing to do this to another she wondered to
  herself still trying to deal with the pain.  
:Fine go for her cunt next Ripper I want a ring right on the hood.&quot; Loy
  said not getting a response from Debra.  
Ripper motioned for her legs to be spread as he moved his chair and cart
  into postion between her now wide spread legs.  
Debra grunted and whined more as her legs where pulled further apart and
  locked in place. She felt like a wishbone and thought she two would snap in
  half as she watched in terror as Ripper took a seat between her legs. His fingers
  began to pry into her sex causing her more discomfort than she was already
  in. Only having his clamp like device locked in place over the hood of her
  clit brought her out of her trance like state.  
&quot;Oh my god stop. Please stop please I'll do anything please just stop
  okay stop!&quot; she cried in unbearable pain.  
&quot;Okay Deb I'll have him stop if you make that call okay babe?&quot; Lou
  asked leaning over her distraught face.  
&quot;Yes whatever please just make it stop oh God it hurts so bad please
  get it off I'll do anything just please stop it!&quot; she yelled in pain as
  Ripper moved the clamp.  
Motioning for him to remove it Lou began to explain to Debra what she had
  to do as Ripper pulled the clamp from her. She listened to his demands and
  knew she couldn't take another three days at the hands of these brutes. Her
  first utterance of protest led to Ripper reapplying the clamp. Again she begged
  for release and agreed to Lou's terms before he had Ripper remove the clamp
  yet again. Soon she had calmed her voice enough a speaker phone was brought
  in and dialed after a threat from Lou about what screwing up would mean to
  her.  
The call went smoothly right till the end when Ray told her how much he loved
  her and she lost it. The man next to the phone had hung up the line before
  she had finished her first syllable in her call for help.  
True to his word Lou punished her having Ripper pierce her cunt with another
  loop as well as sticking a stud through her tongue. He stopped any further
  piercing after she swore her cooperation to him.  
Finally she was released from the chair promising to do whatever she was
  told and not causing her blackmailers any more grief. She was then handed a
  red leather mini skirt and lacey black top that pushed her chest up and apart.
  She put them on and a pair of red six inch stilettos to match her suit. She
  applied the lipstick and mascara heavily as directed and pulled her hair back
  into a ponytails on either side of her head. She followed the men out thankful
  she had not been forced to have sex with this Ripper character.  
In the alley the group was startled by a bum in the alley. Debra was disgusted
  by the mans upkeep appearance and smell. He obviously hadn't bathed in days
  perhaps weeks. He was disgusting she cringed as she looked at him.  
He begged Lou for a dollar and she felt petty for him. That's when she heard
  Lou offer him &quot;Something even better.&quot; Asking the bum when was the
  last time he'd gotten laid was. The bum responded it had been so long he'd
  lost track. That's when Lou offered Debra to him for five minutes.  
Chapter 7  
As a fresh tear streaked down her face Debra Barone dropped to her knees
  on the scrap of cardboard the filthy bum had found for her. She felt worn out
  and defeated as she cautiously reached out to take this strangers cock into
  her mouth. At least it was only for five minutes she told herself as she swallowed
  hard trying to keep herself from vomiting in disgust. The stench of his unwashed
  crotch flooded her nose with its pungent odor. She slowly opened her mouth
  as she brought her lips to his member. As she slowly moved her mouth across
  his putrid cock she decided the only thing worse than the smell was the taste
  of his member.  
As she moved up and down on his cock slowly, she closed her eyes hoping to
  distance herself from what she was doing. The filthy street person had placed
  his soiled hands in her hair and was now gently moving her head up and down
  on his cock. As her humiliation grew Debra was sure the time had passed as
  her jaw got sore from the disgusting task. She opened her eyes and tried to
  look around at her blackmailers for a sign, hoping they would put an end to
  the terrible humiliation she was being forced to suffer. Instead she saw two
  of the men standing around her with camcorders filming the pathetic act, as
  the third handed the bum a condom he pointed him to a makeshift table.  
The bum then helped Debra up to her feet and over to the table. With the
  bums help she jumped up onto the unstable structure of the table and watched
  in shock as the hoodlum pulled her legs wide apart. He then handed the condom
  to her and lowered his gaze to his cock positioned between her legs.  
Debra rolled her eyes as she realized what the bum expected of her. She wanted
  to tell this vagrant what to do with himself and the condom, but she knew what
  a failure to do what was expected of her would mean, and she couldn't allow
  that. She had all but forgotten the pain of the piercings she had suffered
  earlier as she suffered through giving this bum a blow job, but now lying on
  top of the table, her legs spread obscenely wide the rings in her navel and
  cunt had begun to pulse with pain. The stud through her tongue made her mouth
  feel full, and in pain.  
Gritting her teeth to deal with the pain and humiliation she reached down
  between her legs and slowly unraveled the condom over the bums cock. His cock
  now sheathed in the condom he slapped it against the shiny ring at the top
  of her cunt.  
Debra dropped her head back as the intense sensations of the slaps shot through
  her body. Finally the filthy bum slid his cock into her tortured sex. As he
  thrust in time and time again his hands pulled her breast free of the leather
  top that incased them. Debra wanted to scream out as her body was rocked with
  the sensations of his attentions but instead she bit down on her lip, drawing
  blood under the pressure.  
She heard the bum directed to make sure he shot his load in her face and
  his quick response that he would as his tempo increased. He rammed his tool
  deep into Debra like a man possessed. He had tugged her breasts free of the
  top and began drooling on them in his euphoric state.  
Debra was beside herself as she looked down between her widespread legs at
  the homeless bum pummeling his cock into her body. She was better than this;
  she had grown up in a sheltered life. She had been fortunate enough to go to
  the finest schools. She'd been a cheerleader, student council president, Queen
  of the winter dance. How could all this be happening to her? She had been through
  so much already and didn't know how much more she could take.  
She was brought out of her thoughts of despair when she felt the stranger
  pull his cock from her body. She was quickly shuffled from the wobbly table
  and forced back to her knees. Then she felt the first stream of his disgusting
  sperm sprayed across her face. It was quickly followed by a second and then
  third. He let loose several more shots as he slapped her face with his wretched
  cock.  
She heard the bum thanking the men for the use of there girl, then someone
  helped her to her feet. She tried to wipe the jism from her eyes as she was
  led back to the SUV. Once back in the SUV she was seated in the backseat between
  two off her blackmailers. Her legs were spread wide apart as hands moved across
  her exposed sex.  
After several minutes of teasing her with there fingers one of the men slipped
  first one cold steel ball and then another deep inside her cunt. The chill
  of the intrusion sent a shiver down her spine causing a low moan to escape
  her lips. Next another small device was slipped inside her sex then with the
  flip of switch this third device began to buzz to life inside her. It rattled
  inside her as it pulsated against the other to metal devices inside her. The
  sensations rushing through her body were unlike any other she had ever felt.  
Her eyes closed, breath ragged she was unaware of the anal plug being lubricated
  in front of her. Only the cold greased plug pressed against her anal bud made
  her aware of it presence. She licked her lips then bit down sharply on her
  already gnawed lower lip as it was pressed into her sphincter. As the thick
  plug was inserted further into her it rubbed against the Ben-Wa balls in her
  cunt thru the thin membrane separating them. Her body jerked in response to
  the strange sensations cursing through her crotch. The experience was unlike
  any she had ever felt before. Although she was disgusted and repulsed by her
  bodies' reaction she was none the less being pushed to new sexual peaks as
  the multiple sensations.  
Debra felt the men pinching her nipples and adding to her condition and then
  the first thin metal clamp was snapped in place over her erect nipple. The
  second clamp attached the thin gold chain was then snapped into place over
  her other nipple. The chain was then pulled through the leather top she had
  been forced to wear. The chain was guided through the ring in her navel and
  then pulled into her skirt. Finally it was clasped in place on the ring pierced
  through the lip of her cunt. A small round disk was also clasped onto the chain
  and ring in her cunt. Next a pair of tight latex panties were pulled up her
  legs and she was lifted as the panties were pulled into place. Her top was
  pulled up to cover her breast and she now felt the roughness of the leather
  on her erect nipples. She opened her eyes as one of the men took a moist toilet
  and wiped her face clean.  
The SUV then pulled up to the door of a shopping mall. Debra was helped out
  of the vehicle as Lou whispered in her ear.  
&quot;Where going to go in here to get something to eat. Anger me and we'll
  go back to see good ole Ripper back at the parlor. So do you understand what
  is expected of you slut.&quot; He asked.  
Debra shook her head in agreement not wanting him to follow through on his
  threat yet still biting on her lip as she tried to come to grips with the feelings
  of the devices now attached to and inserted in her body.  
She was taken by her arm and escorted into the mall. She noticed immediately
  the stares of the people around her at her whorish appearance. She felt the
  butt plug pressing against her panties trying to escape as she walked across
  the mall. The buzzing device and the balls moving around in her cunt had brought
  her to the brink of a sexual climax but she fought hard not to give into her
  carnal feelings.  
Lou watched Debra closely as they walked down the mall together he had his
  friends filming her from a distance not wanting to miss a minute of her humiliation.
  He took note of her lip biting and shallow breath, he knew she must be on the
  verge of climax. She was doing an admirable job of holding back the flood of
  her tensions as she walked down the mall looking down at her feet unable to
  look anyone in the eye.  
Lou reached in his pocket and pressed the button on his keychain causing
  the small device clamped on her cunt to begin pulsing in wild vibrations. The
  tightly stretched chain sent the vibrations through her clit, navel and nipples
  simultaneously. The new sensations hit her like a load of tidal wave. Her climax
  was intense and overwhelming; she let out a load moan of as she stopped in
  her tracks racked by an earth shattering climax.  
Lou had no idea her reaction would be so boisterous, the attention of everyone
  in the mall had suddenly turned to the couple as Debra continued to throw her
  head back and pant in the throws of passion. Her face had turned a bright shade
  of red as her intense orgasm swept across her body.  
He reached into his pocket again and turned off the device then pulled sharply
  on her arm bringing her out of her daze. She looked up first at Lou then at
  the crowd of people staring at her in shock. She was even more humiliated than
  before and her face already a bright red from her orgasm turned even bright
  red from the her humiliation.  
She began to cry silently as Lou led her to the food court. Her body was
  still racked by the feeling of the devices inside her but she was no longer
  in any fear of orgasming again. She sat and ate tears still streaking down
  her face. Although she smiled and tried to act pleasant not wanting to anger
  Lou. He had started the other device several times during there dining but
  had never got the same reaction from her as she was now to humiliated to climax
  again.  
Lou had pointed out the many men and even the group of young teenage boys
  who had followed them staring at Debra. She sat through dinner humiliated beyond
  belief. The walk back to the car was equally awkward to her as she wished for
  death to take her away from the agonizing experience.  
Next Debra was taken to a Sorority house at a local college Lou explained
  to her he had sold her to the sisters for several hours and she was to do what
  the girls wanted. He handed her a bag and told her to get in there.  
As Debra nervously walked to the door of the house she looked inside the
  bag to see a strap-on dildo and a rubber ball gag along with a ring gag. She
  knocked on the door not sure what to expect.  
She was lead into the house and then into the large main hall by three young
  girls the oldest perhaps a meager 21 or 22 years old. In the hall three other
  girls sat waiting for them. Debra sat and listened in shock as she was told
  what the girls expected of her. She was to strip to her panties and lick each
  girl to orgasm starting with the houses only black sister.  
Chapter 8  
As soon as her blackmailer's had left the room all three of the wicked devices
  attacking her body sprang to life. Buzzing violently they attacked her as much
  mentally as physically. As she tried desperately to maintain control over her
  mind and body the girls in the room began to question her.  
They asked her about her college days, then her career, then her family.
  They asked her how she felt about motherhood, and about being a mother. They
  then asked about her children and the in-laws. Debra answered every question
  surprisingly honestly and without much thought as she fought to keep control
  of her body. She was then again ordered to strip leaving only her shoes panties
  and chain on.  
She had already resigned herself to her fate as she fought with the feelings
  assaulting her senses. As she removed the few scraps of clothing that had covered
  her body she was disgusted by the comments made by the girls in the room.  
Although she thought she had kept her body in good shape after having the
  twins the room full of youthful college girls obviously disagreed as they critiqued
  Debra's nude form. Several of the comments stuck in Debra's mind as she fought
  back tears of humiliation and disgust &quot;The stretch marks aren't that obvious.&quot; one
  girl said. &quot;He said they drooped a lot more before he gave her the injections.&quot; said
  another. &quot;Look at the lines in her face, I mean, my God look at her neck.&quot; someone
  else crowed. &quot;Her neck hell! Look at her hands she looks like my mother.&quot; Someone
  else chimed in. &quot;Look at her I'm never going to have children.&quot; Stated
  one of the other girls. The others seemed to share this thought with her as
  they all parroted the comment.  
Debra was next forced to place her hands behind her back and get on her knees.
  The damned devices buried in her body still vibrating about madly driving her
  out of her mind. She felt her juices oozing about inside the latex panties
  now chaffing her skin.  
She was then ordered to lean forward and kiss the floor while holding her
  arms back and above her head. Once in this position she felt the leather sleeve
  pulled down over both arms simultaneously. She gulped in loudly as the strings
  of the sleeve where tightened and tied in place.  
As the girls began to rub there hands over her body they began to question
  her again now about her sex life. At first just about sex with her husband
  Ray, and then about her sex life before marriage. Then the final question she
  was asked as the last of the girls finished exploring her body.  
&quot;Have you ever been with another woman?&quot; she was asked.  
&quot;I, I've kissed another women but no not really.&quot; Debra answered
  with shame.  
&quot;Well you dirty old lady this is &quot;our&quot; girl's night off.&quot; A
  snotty blond told Debra, waving her arms at the other girls in the room as
  she stood up from the couch. &quot;So tonight you're going to get us all off!&quot; The
  Blond said slipping the jeans off her broad hips.  
As the black girl sat back on the couch and spread her legs a different girl
  grabbed Debra by her hair and forced her face into the sister's crotch.  
&quot;Lick me to an orgasm you Lezzy!&quot; screamed the ecstatic woman as
  she ground her crotch into Debra's face. At first Debra was disgusted by this
  but as she thought of what a failure to comply would mean to her she opened
  her mouth and stuck out her newly pierced tongue. She found the first several
  minutes of licking the girl's cunt sickening but slowly got used to the taste
  of the other girls sex.  
The time it took for Debra to lick her to orgasm was twenty of the longest
  minutes of her life. When Debra's face was finally pulled from the girl's crotch
  her nose and cheeks wore covered in the juices of the evil woman. She gasped
  for fresh air but found her face pushed back into another girl's crotch in
  seconds. She instantly began the heinous act of bringing another woman to orgasm
  with only her tortured tongue to complete the deed.  
She had been so grossed out by the first experience she hadn't noticed much
  about the girls sex but as she rolled her tongue over the new cunt presented
  to her she made several observations. The clit was out its lips open to her
  its juices rolling over her tongue. The recently shaved bush cutting into her
  cheeks and tongue with the small stubbles of hair. She noticed the next cunt
  she licked was pierced with a small silver ring. She flipped it with her tongue
  to the moans of its owner as she pressed back the revulsion she felt at her
  actions.  
Time stood still as the tortured Debra was pulled from one girl's crotch
  to another. She tried her best to please her tormenters but found the task
  almost overwhelming. The smell and the taste of another women's sex causing
  Debra to heave in revulsion as she fought to keep her composure under the intense
  sensations pummeling her body and mind.  
Deep into licking the fourth girl to climax Debra was brought back to the
  reality of her torture as she felt a viscous swat on her ass. One by one the
  other girl's began to spank her as she struggled to bring the girl she was
  currently licking to an orgasm. This girl's cunt the hairiest of the bunch
  causing Debra's revulsion to grow with each swipe of her tongue.  
Finally as she drove her tongue deep into the vile girls cunt she felt the
  girl's release. Her fluids covering Debra's tongue as the girl screamed her
  erotic release.  
As Debra was now forced to start to work on her fifth cunt of the evening
  she felt the hands removing her panties. She felt like a rag doll as her legs
  were lifted and extended as the panties were pulled down her legs. She felt
  so lost and helpless as her head was held tightly in another woman's crotch
  while the other girls played with the butt plug still vibrating in her ass.  
They torture of the anal plug being pulled free of her ass and then pushed
  back in persisted until she finally forced an orgasm from the girls cunt she
  was licking. Mercifully her head was pulled violently up from the girl's crotch
  allowing Debra to take in a deep gulp of fresh air. As she sucked the air into
  her lungs through her open mouth the anal plug was pulled from her ass and
  stuffed in her gaping mouth.  
She immediately tasted her own body's excrement on the filthy rubber device
  causing her to vomit there and then. As she heaved the last of her stomach's
  contents onto the floor next to the couch, she began to beg for forgiveness.  
&quot;I'm sorry. Please I'm so sorry please don't hurt me.&quot; She begged
  knowing immediately the trouble she was in.  
&quot;To late bitch you're going to have to pay for that.&quot; Someone told
  her menacingly.  
&quot;No please no.&quot; she cried as her hair was pulled and she was helped
  to her feet.  
She was led to the other side of the room and bent over the piano bench as
  she was forced on her knees once again. The sixth girl sat next to her and
  spread her legs as she laid back on the bench. Again Debra's face was forced
  into yet another women's crotch. She then felt the presence at he ass.  
She heard the chanting and yells from the other girls as they yelled their
  encouragement.  
&quot;Yes, fuck that bitch.&quot; And &quot;Put that strap-on up her ass.&quot;  
She then felt the large rubber dick forced into her already ravished ass.
  It was brutal and the girl behind her hatefully drove the phallus deep into
  her ass. The assault was too much and finally Debra passed out from the pain.  
She awoke to a slap on her face she looked up to see a group of men standing
  over her then the blonde girl still sporting the large strap on dildo.  
&quot;The guys wanted to make sure your awake for them MOTHER!&quot; she
  told Debra with a scowl.  
&quot;What? But I... I... I did what you wanted. Please no more I am so sore
  please oh please let me...&quot; Debra cried.  
&quot;To bad bitch, I told you it's our girl's night off so that means you
  have to service our boyfriends as well.&quot; She shouted at Debra as the men
  dove in.  
Soon Debra found her mouth stuffed with cock and her legs spread wide apart
  as one of the other men plowed into her cunt. The assault was unbearable and
  relentless as soon as one man finished another took his place as one by one
  the men satisfied there lustful desire with her body.  
Mercifully Debra passed out again from exhaustion sometime during the relentless
  gangbang.  
She awoke hours later tied to a pole in what looked like a barn.  
The cum caked on her face cracked on her skin as she opened her eyes and
  tried to adjust to the bright light shining in her face.  
&quot;Well Mrs. Barone how was the little college party? Did you enjoy yourself?
  I bet you did, hell that's another 6 women and 9 guys you've screwed this week,
  damn you're on a roll. Well you ready to get started again more dick's more
  lick's?&quot; her tormentors voice asked her.  
Debra looked on groggily not sure how to respond but sure she wanted this
  nightmare to end. The cold water splashing over her body bringing her out of
  the daze, she flipped her head from on side to the other taking not of the
  ever present cameras she had become all to accustom to having film every minute
  of her humiliation.  
&quot;Well you ready for what's next Deb its up to you where we go from here.&quot; He
  asked again taking her chin into the palm of his hand as he looked into her
  frightened eyes.  
&quot;No nothing else please!&quot; she cried &quot;I just want to see my
  kids, my family please I beg you please.&quot; She cried looking into his eyes
  pleadingly. She thought she saw sympathy there for a moment a hint of regret
  in his eyes as she begged for her release.  
&quot;Please oh, please I just want to see my children their only babies.
  Please just let me go home I want tell anyone I'll never tell anyone oh please
  don't hurt me. My children they need me, my husband. Oh please? Please let
  me go.&quot; She bawled as she pulled on her chained arms.  
He looked deep into her eyes and listened to her pleas before he spoke. &quot;You
  love them don't you? Your family you really love them, the kids the dope you
  married? His family? You really love them. Why tell me why him? Why them?&quot; he
  asked in the most gentle of voices.  
&quot;Ray, yes I love him and the kids so much. I just want to go back to
  them please let me go back to my family.&quot; She begged.  
&quot;Yes but why do you love him. He's a dope; he is nothing to look at.
  In college you where so stuck up what made you choose him? Hell I remember
  how bitchy you got when that picture of you at Mardi-Gra ended up in the paper.
  You acted like you were too good for anyone to see you. Back then you wouldn't
  even talk to us geeks and nerds now you're married to one. Why what did he
  have that made him so special?&quot; he asked again.  
&quot;I don't know.&quot; She said finally &quot;he made me laugh I mean
  when I met him a just knew he was a good man and he would be a good father.
  I knew he was the man for me.&quot; She said hoping she had made some progress
  to winning her freedom.  
&quot;Really well I don't know what changed but I guess maybe you have changed
  over the years.&quot; He said a hint of regret in his voice. &quot;I thought
  you deserved to be taught a lesson. Maybe you had already had gotten one. Maybe
  you didn't deserve this but well it's to late now. I think you should know
  if you had only been nicer back then none of this would have happened.&quot; He
  mumbled as he thought over the current situation.  
&quot;What? What did I do to you? Oh God please I don't know what I did but
  I swear I'm sorry. I'm so sorry whatever I did please oh please forgive me.
  I am so sorry for anything I have done to you. I mean really please believe
  me I am sorry so, so sorry.&quot; She pleaded with him.  
&quot;Good, Good that's real good to hear.&quot; He said sorrow in his voice. &quot;Look
  I guess I'm sorry I've put you through this and...&quot; he began to say but
  was cut off by one of her other tormentors.  
&quot;What the fuck!&quot; The man said angrily &quot;Get the fuck over here
  we got to talk mother fu...&quot; he said pulling the other man away.  
Out of her line of sight she heard the hushed and angry conversation taking
  place between the three men. She was unable to make out what was said but it
  was not a pretty conversation. Finally several minutes later her primary tormentor
  returned and pacing in front of her.  
&quot;Look regardless of how you or I feel we have traveled down a road and
  there is no easy way back I'm afraid. I promise you, you'll be returned to
  your family but first there are certain expenses that must be recuperated and
  in order to do that you'll have to do things. Things you won't like but you
  do them and you'll never see us again I promise.&quot; He said looking of into
  the darkness.  
&quot;Look I am going to give you the chance to choose how to pay for this.
  I have three options for you. One, you stay here a day, day and half and make
  some movies for my friends. Look I'm not going to lye to you, you won't like
  the movies but you'll be back to you family in a couple of days. Option two
  you go with my friends to Vegas and work the strip for them, again I won't
  lye to you as you know it won't be pretty there and it might take a while to
  pay the debt. The third option is this. You go back to New York with them and
  work in a private club for three days. Of course there is a bad side to that
  as well it's a bondage club and you'll be expected to work as one of the slaves.
  It's up to you what do you choose?&quot; he asked firmly  
She saw him look of to the side again and knew he had no choice and had done
  what he could to help her. &quot;What about the movie you said a day or day
  and half. What would I have to do?&quot; she asked timidly. She heard a snicker
  from behind her as she waited for the answer.  
&quot;Bestiality, have you heard of it?&quot; he said empathetically. She
  nodded fear in her eyes. &quot;They have a small horse, some dogs, a snake,
  and a goat I think. But...&quot; he began  
&quot;No, No okay the club you said just three days right.&quot; She interrupted
  him. &quot;Yea three days and your done.&quot; He said &quot;it's private I
  mean nobody I know will see me?&quot; she asked  
&quot;I don't know you know anyone who goes to those kind of places?&quot; he
  asked her.  
&quot;No, No of course not.&quot; She cried.  
&quot;Well what are you going to do Debbie?&quot; he asked again.  
&quot;The club OK I do this club thing for the three days and then you'll
  leave me alone and let me go back to my family?&quot; she said shyly.  
&quot;Yea that's the deal. Then your free.&quot; He said as she shook her
  head. &quot;You won't see me again Deb but you follow my friends back to the
  apple and do as they say and no one well ever bother you again OK?&quot; he
  said turning to leave.  
&quot;OK lets get you cleaned up bitch and well head back east.&quot; Said
  someone behind her as the chain holding her wrist was released.  
She was allowed to shower before she was taken to the airport. She had been
  ordered to keep quiet and not say a word or else.  
It was a six hour flight back to New York but it was anything but uneventful.  
Just over an hour into the flight one of the two men traveling with her got
  up to use the restroom. He and his partner had been talking to themselves for
  most of the flight. They had been seated just two rows from the back of cabin
  and Debra had seen him enter the restroom. After several minutes the other
  man leaned over and instructed her to go to the restroom. Debra reminded him
  it was occupied and he said &quot;I know now get in there.&quot;  
She looked into his hate filled eyes and stood up. The thin sundress she
  had been given to wear falling just below her hips barely concealing her lack
  of underwear. She hesitantly walked the few steps to the door. As she slowly
  reached to open the door it opened and she was pulled into the tight cabin
  forcefully.  
&quot;Blow me&quot; he whispered in her ear. Reluctantly she kneeled in the
  cramped cabin and took his already exposed cock into her mouth. He was already
  almost fully erect and ready for the deed. She sucked his growing cock for
  less than two minutes before he had her stand up and set on the narrow cabinet
  of the sink. He struggled to position his cock between her legs and finally
  drove in forcefully. She grunted in pain as he violently took her in the cramped
  lavatory of the plane he came quickly lasting less than five minutes before
  filling her womanhood with his seed. He pulled free of her sex and wiped his
  cock clean on her dress.  
&quot;Stay here your not done yet bitch.&quot; He whispered in her ear.  
He left and stood in the aisle while his partner got up and walked to the
  restroom. As his friend went to join the club he noticed their activity had
  not gone on unnoticed. He saw the two young men beside them laughing with one
  another. He smiled at them knowingly.  
Chapter 9  
Debra looked into the darkness, thinking back to the humiliation of the flight
  back from Nevada. After she had been forced to follow the first jerk into the
  bathroom on the plane she was forced to stay there while one after another
  a total of five more men entered and used her. She was already on her knees
  when the second jerk had entered the cramped room causing more than a little
  difficulty for him as he tried to squeeze into the cramped cabin.  
She bumped her head on the lip of the sink, as she tried to move out of his
  way. Her legs cramped up, as she knelt giving him head. She was then forced
  to sit on the sink while he rammed his cock into her cunt, her arm had slipped
  from the side of the sink and fallen into the sink. She had found herself holding
  onto the top of the cabin while trying to keep her balance as he ravaged her
  mercilessly. He had pulled the thin sundress from her shoulders so he could
  grope her chest as he defiled her. When he finished he forced her to clean
  their fluids from his cock with her tongue. As she cleaned him of the juices
  there had been a distinctive knock at the door. They asshole had opened the
  door while she was knelt down with his dick in her mouth. It had been the first
  jerk who told him to have her stay in for more entertainment when they finished.  
The second jerk did just exactly that telling her not to leave the room tell
  he came back to get her. When he finally left she felt abused and used her
  head throbbing, wrist sprained and legs cramping. The good new had been the
  next two men who'd entered the restroom had come in ready to fuck so at least
  she hadn't had to kneel down and blow them. The fifth and final asshole had
  made her turn around before he entered the cramped compartment and taken her
  in the ass roughly. He had pulled her roughly to him with by her breast as
  he viciously and vigorously emptied his seed into her bowels. When the fifth
  bastard finally left her abused and dripping semen from both her ass and cunt
  she collapsed to the floor of the lavatory prison she had been confined to
  for over and hour now. Although she had no way of knowing it the news of her
  activity had now spread throughout the planes forward compartment and all eyes
  had focused on the bathroom door curious to see just how many men would enter
  while she was still in the room.  
Her first assailant was next to enter the room and he immediately reached
  past her and into the corner of the tight compartment pulling down the small
  video camera that Debra had never noticed. He told her to clean up and get
  back to her seat before he left her alone with her thoughts. She had left the
  lavatory with her head down and never noticed the eyes passengers fixed on
  her, as she returned to her seat in shame. She had thankfully been allowed
  to fall asleep when she returned to her seat and slept for the rest of the
  flight.  
When they left the airport she had been seated in the back of a white panel
  van as one of her tormentors had her watch a movie off a laptop computer. She
  had closed her eyes and turned her head when she saw the first image on the
  screen. But her tormentors had made their demands clear she was to open her
  eyes and watch the sickening scenes played out on the screen before her. She
  hesitantly followed their orders and focused on the screen in front of her.
  She watched clip after clip of her activities for the week. She found the scenes
  being played before her sickening and was even more troubled by images of her
  behavior she had no recollection of having done. Like the clip of one man after
  another pulling their dicks from her cunt or ass and shooting there seed onto
  her face and into her open mouth as she looked on glossy eyed. She was once
  again in tears, head in her hands by the time they had placed the leather hood
  over her face. She was then lead from the van into a building of some kind
  she could hear music in the distance and voices from all around but when a
  door was closed silence had fallen over the room she was in.  
Finally she felt a hand on the hood and then it was removed. She was in and
  office of some type with her two tormentors.  
&quot;Look Bitch we're at the club O.K. now the owner he is going to come
  in here and explain something's about the club to you. You had better answer
  every question right or else those videos you saw will be seen by your whole
  damn family you got me Bitch?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Yea. Yea I understand ok&quot; she answered in a defeated voice.  
&quot;Good! You do everything you're told to in the next seventy two hours
  and you get to go home and put this part of your life behind you.&quot; He
  said with a chuckle.  
She turned her head to the sounds of the door opening. In walked an older
  gray haired man who looked distinguished and very much in charge of all things
  around him. He walked in front of her and looked her over from head to toe.  
&quot;Okay Debra is it. Your Master here tells me you're here on your own
  free will as his willing slave. Is that right?&quot; He asked sternly.  
&quot;Um Yes that sounds about right.&quot; She said.  
&quot;What?&quot; the man asked back in an insulted tone.  
&quot;I said yes. Yes that's right.&quot; She said defensively afraid she
  had already made a mistake.  
&quot;Oh I see.&quot; He said now quite upset &quot;Well slave I don't know
  how your Master has trained you but if you're going to be in my dungeon you
  will always address any man as Master. You understand that Slave.&quot; He
  said grabbing her chin harshly.  
&quot;Oh yes, yes Master I understand Master.&quot; She said trying her best
  to get in his graces.  
&quot;Good that's better. Now show your new Master your talents and blow
  me while I explain how things work in my dungeon slave.&quot; He said taking
  a seat in a large leather chair as he looked into her eyes.  
Debra quickly lowered her gaze not able to look him in the eyes. She dropped
  to her knees and moved to his crotch. As she unbuttoned his trousers and unzipped
  his fly he began to speak.  
&quot;I have 4 types of people here in my dungeon they are Slaves, Masters,
  Contractors, and employees. You will be a slave here if you so desire. Your
  Master has asked that I take you under my care for the next three days I have
  agreed to do so with the understanding you will perform as I expect of my slaves.&quot; He
  said as she began to bob her head up and down on his cock trying her best to
  please him fearing what not satisfying him might mean.  
&quot;What I expect of my slaves is simple complete submission and obedience.
  You will simply do everything asked of you instantly and without hesitation.
  I have an understanding with your master that I am free to do anything with
  you I please what I need to know is if you agree to that or not, for though
  you may be a slave I am afraid slavery is illegal in this fine country and
  I being a law abiding citizen uphold the law. So tell me slave do you agree
  to do anything you are told to do for the next seventy two hours of your own
  free will or not?&quot; he asked as he pulled her head by her hair.  
&quot;Yes Master. Whatever you wish.&quot; She said passively wincing from
  the pain of having her hair pulled.  
&quot;Excellent stand and bend over the desk Slave.&quot; He said. As she
  stood he pulled the dress up and off her body before allowing her to bend over
  the desk.  
He began slapping his dick on her ass while he directed her &quot;Master&quot; to
  open the desk drawer and fill out the contract in it. While he began filling
  out information on the paper the gray haired man slid his cock into her sex
  from behind.  
&quot;I see your Master makes sure you are used regularly.&quot; he said
  as his dick slid into her recently fucked cunt. &quot;Good you will adjust
  to your stay here well then. Now back to what I expect of slaves here in my
  dungeon. Slaves have no say here, they are at the complete and total control
  of all Masters. Slaves like you are identified by a black leather collar all
  my slaves wear. I have several contractors in my club they wear red collars,
  and are women here alone of there own free choice and can accept to be with
  any Master they choose a luxury slaves are not given. They only have to perform
  the tasks they are willing to, giving me a portion of what ever gratuities
  they receive from a Master. There are then my employees who see to the needs
  of my visiting Masters they wear silver collars and take care of food, drink
  and security here in the club they are not required to do anything except their
  job. I tell you all this incase you are interested in returning to my little
  club.&quot; He said as he continued a steady pace of sawing into her sex.  
&quot;Finally there are Masters they are fellow slave owners or just men
  who enjoy the company of submissive women and can afford my will shall we call
  it a membership fee. What I have here is a very exclusive group of people some
  of the most elite men in the city visit my dungeon and sample my offerings.
  They expect complete obedience from slaves. Do you understand what I have told
  you Slave?&quot; he asked still moving in and out of her.  
&quot;Yes. Oooh Yes master.&quot; She answered as she grunted from his thrust.
  She was completely humiliated having to behave this way for a complete stranger.  
&quot;Good sign the contract acknowledging your acceptance to be my slave.&quot; He
  said maintaining his pace inside her.  
She arched her back as she leaned up to sign the paper presented to her as
  this new master continued to thrust into her from behind.  
As soon as she signed the paper her new master pushed a button on the desk
  and spoke out commandingly. &quot;Come and get her she's ready.&quot; He finished
  speaking and hit the button again, as he pulled his cock free of her sex. His
  cock fell onto her ass as it jetted a steam of semen on her bare back while
  she lay across the desk.  
He stepped away from her as two hooded men wearing silver collars entered
  the room. The first man pulled Debra's head up from the desk by her hair as
  the second man place a thin black leather collar around her neck locking it
  in place with a small padlock. She was then lifted from the desk and led from
  the room a man holding each arm.  
Gianni had done quite a bit of work for the older gentlemen and never been
  to sure as to why he was doing it till now. After having worked on different
  projects for the very particular older gentlemen for over two years now he
  finally got some insight into what he was after. Mr. Fass in addition to being
  wealthy was into Dominance over women.  
Gianni was one of over two dozen contractors who had built small devices
  or beautifully crafted wooden boxes and beams. Nothing he had been asked to
  build or craft had made much sense to him he had never seen what his different
  pieces of work had been used for and separated as they wore he had no idea
  what all the different projects had been put together to make. He had been
  to Mr. Fass's house over twenty times and never had a clue as to the man's
  power over women. But now he sat in awe.  
He had been called a week ago by Mr. Fass's assistant she had invited him
  to Mr. Fass's restaurant for a dinner to discuss a large project Mr. Fass had
  to offer him. Gianni had arrived Friday evening just as he had been directed
  the building was a beautiful older brick early 1900's with no markings on the
  out side distinguishing it a business of any type. Two men stood out side and
  as he pulled up in front one of the men stepped out in the street. He told
  Gianni he would be happy to park the truck for him and that Mr. Fass was expecting
  him inside.  
Valet parking he thought damn this must be nice. He entered into the building
  led by the second man. They were greeted by the most beautiful women Gianni
  had ever seen in person she was exquisite in every way. As the beauty greeted
  him she asked that he follow her to Mr. Fass's table. She led him through a
  small dimly lit dining room having maybe thirty tables about half full of people.
  Men, women enjoying meals at candle lit tables just as one would expect to
  find at such an exclusive place. She led him into a private dining room overlooking
  the main room where Mr. Fass was already seated enjoying a glass of wine. Thanking
  the lovely women Gianni and Mr. Fass sat alone in the decadent room.  
Mr. Fass struck up a conversion with him, mostly small talk about work, sports
  and women. He made note that Gianni was still a single man. Asked about his
  relationships and what not just enough to make him feel very uncomfortable
  with the whole thing and then he moved on to other subjects like the food and
  d&eacute;cor of the restaurant.  
When they had finished the meal Mr. Fass told him he would like to show him
  the project he had called him about. Standing up from the table he lead Gianni
  back out to the main dining room floor and then down a hallway and into a hidden
  door on the side at the end of the hallway. The two men descended a small staircase
  entering another small undescript hallway. They entered another door hidden
  in the wall. It led to yet another hallway with several doors down the left
  side of the wall. At the end a single guard stood in front of the only door
  at the end of the hallway. This is the door the two men went to.  
As they entered Gianni was struck by the incredible craftsmanship of the
  woodworking around the room the sculpted ceiling the molded beams. Then he
  saw the oak stocks in the corner the wooden X hanging from the other corner
  complete with padded leather cuffs. That's when Gianni spoke up.  
&quot;Look a Mr. Fass I don't think you have the right idea about me.&quot; He
  began.  
&quot;Please, please have a seat. I know I have the right idea about you.&quot; He
  said as he hit a button on his desk causing the wall behind him to slide out
  of the way revealing a large glass window revealing the massive room beyond.  
Debra Barone had been taken from the office and led out down a hallway past
  a guard and into another door down the hall from the office. Inside the room
  she had been allowed to shower and douche then she was led to the adjoining
  room where she was examined by a doctor and her blood was drawn. She had been
  given a pelvic exam in addition to a standard physical shockingly her blood
  was immediately given to one of the several men there and carried away. The
  exam took just over an hour and she was then taken back to the room she had
  showered in she was given another makeover the third this week.  
Her makeup was expertly applied but in a classy high class manner helping
  to bring out the beauty in her face and making her look her best. She was then
  asked to try on several different outfits some leather, some lace, some silk,
  and even one made of chains and wire. Each incredibly revealing each made to
  display her body. Each one was then fitted to her body perfectly and each taken
  in our out as needed. Finally a padded leather cuffs about a half inch thick
  where placed on her wrist and ankles and then stitched in place. Ensuring they
  would have to be cut off.  
After having a few more outfits fitted for her the phone had rang and someone
  said &quot;Ok she's clean get her dressed and out on the floor.&quot; And with
  that she was dressed and given the one over making sure she was ready.  
&quot;OK it's simple we work in three hour shifts here OK?&quot; said her
  makeup artist &quot;It goes like this you go at and work a table for an hour,
  then work the floor for two. As a slave if you get taken back to your room
  you can stay there for they remainder of your two hours if the Master you're
  servicing finished with you early. If they take more than the two hours they'll
  be charged accordingly. At the end of each three hour shift you return her
  to room 0 to get freshened up if you're late you will be punished severely
  in the circle unless you were detained by a master. Your room has a timer you'll
  be working off of it is in a three hour cycle it will buzz five minutes before
  the end of each cycle. Pay attention to the clock I mean it or you'll be sorry.
  After every six cycles you get one off. Remember when your working any of the
  tables to keep quiet if you're a screamer I would keep my mouth shout, bite
  you lip or something otherwise they'll really give it to you.&quot; She continued
  as she led the now barely dressed but beautiful Debra Barone out to the door.  
&quot;What ever you do just remember you can refuse no one from this point
  forward you have no say. You do everything you're told by anyone and do it
  fast without sayin a word or else you'll spend the rest of your time in the
  circle. Refusing a Master or disobedience any anyway is the worst offense you
  can commit here. So do as you're told. OK?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;Yes.&quot; Debra answered although she had a hundred questions she
  wanted to ask and was still unsure of several of the things the woman had told
  her.  
&quot;Good, just make sure from this moment on you always answer everyone
  as Master just to be safe OK.&quot; She said helping Debra up a small platform.  
Debra quickly learned what the table where. A total of six small platforms
  made up the tables slaves alternated from one table to the next. Table one
  was a modified saw horse like device with a slave tied across it leaving her
  exposed for anal or vaginal entry from behind and with there head dangling
  from the front allowing the slave to pleasure a master orally. The table was
  incredibly uncomfortable and one of the most hated by the slaves.  
The second table was a modified stock allowing access to a slave's ass and
  mouth but the pressure was not squarely on the slaves back as it was on the
  horse. Table three was a hanging X frame slave would be strapped to and hung
  from. When a Master wished to sample a slave the frame was rotated to allow
  access to her mouth or ass otherwise the slave simply hung there on display.
  The fourth table was a swing which hung from braces in the ceiling high above
  slaves had the legs and arms cuffed to four hanging chains while the slave
  hung face down with leather going across their stomach for support. Table five
  was another swing allowing a Master to fuck a slave while standing there looking
  them in the face. A slave's knees placed in stirrups and pulled up while there
  arms where sleeved behind there back and that sat in a swing knee's pulled
  apart allowing access to the slaves sex. Table six was just like table just
  like table four but the slave hung face up.  
Debra was first made to work table one. Being a new slave to the club she
  was quickly sampled by almost every Master there. As one by one they came and
  used her. At points both her mouth and cunt stuffed full of cock. She thought
  her thirty-something back would break as she was abused while attached to the
  wickedly constructed device. When her hour had ended she was led back to room
  0 and quickly cleaned up and put into a new outfit a small silver tag was clipped
  on her collar it had the Number 37 etched on both sides. Her arms were then
  bound to a chain that was placed around her waist and she was led out to the
  floor.  
Only now did she notice the glass like cabinets around the room maybe twenty
  total the middle of the large room contained a dozen and a half tables some
  with a man or group of men sitting at them most empty. The cabinets where also
  mostly empty but Debra noticed several women wearing black collars just like
  hers standing chained in several of the cabinets. Each girl in the cabinets
  dressed similar to Debra wearing strict corset's cut just below the women's
  breast pulled tight holding in the women's stomachs and making there breast
  jut out from there body. Garter belts and thigh high stockings seemed to be
  part of the uniform as well. Each women where long black stiletto heels making
  the confinement in the glass cabinets even more uncomfortable.  
Debra was only in her cabinet a few minutes before she was pulled out and
  taken by a Master. He simply walked up to her and opened the door of her cabinet
  he said &quot;You will please me&quot; and then turned and walked away.  
&quot;Debra looked around confused then following him said &quot;Yes master&quot; she
  followed him to an ornate door with the number 37 sculpted on it. She followed
  him into the room unsure just what to expect but sure she would hate whatever
  was to come.  
Chapter 10  
Room 37, she hated that room. She had gone back to it over a dozen times
  with well over a dozen men. The first had been bad enough, he had taken her
  back there and then chained her into the most bizarre position, before ravaging
  her, and then changing her into an even more uncomfortable position, and using
  a massive dildo on her ass. Thankfully he had lubricated her, and had been
  at least mildly gentle, while forcing the massive rubber phallus into her bowels.  
He then placed a blindfold over her eyes, and gagged her. Next he chained
  her cuffed ankles to her waist and did the same to her wrists, attaching them
  behind her, to her bent back ankles. It was beyond any doubt, the most painful
  25 minutes of her life to that point.Then came the water, first just a single
  drop, it struck her in the middle of the scalp, by no mends painfull at least
  no yet, but then another and anohter. The tiny droplets of water felt like
  daggers to her skull, she felt like she couldn't get a breath in her lungs,
  and would suffocate at any moment.  
Then, just when she thought that nothing could be worse than the torture
  she was currently undergoing, it got worse. It was sudden and painful, but
  it was worse the second time, and the pain increased again and again, as something
  needle sharp, it seemed, darted the center of her nipple, then bounced back.
  It pierced her nipple, then a second later another drop of water would pound
  back into her skull. It was hell, unlike any that can be put into words.  
But it was just the beginning, not the end. He then raped her again, making
  sure that she stayed in position, so that the water, and needle like device
  continued to do the worst things to her. He then left her for what seemed like
  an eternity, with his seed flowing across her face, as he had finally shot
  his second orgasm over her chin, and up her face. She had been left there,
  with the torture continuing until the very end of her first three hour cycle.  
Finally, a strong young man, wearing a silver collar, removed the blindfold
  from her tearing eyes. She was relieved to see the total stranger. He then
  removed the gag from her mouth, allowing her to take her first real breath
  in over an hour. He had already removed the source of the water and the needle,
  and was now undoing her wrists from her ankles. He then freed her ankles from
  her hips, and at last she was able to stretch out her limbs. He immediately
  helped her up from the bed. She noted the clock on the wall had ticked down
  to just two minutes. On her feet again, she started to fall immediately, her
  muscles felt like jelly. Her savior caught her, as she collapsed into his arms.
  He merely scooped her up into his strong arms, and carried her from the room
  and back to room 0.  
She was cleaned thoroughly again, showered, douched, given an enema, and
  then again made to look her best. It was a cycle that would go on for the next
  three days of her life. She was dressed in another sexy leather outfit, and
  sent back to the floor to work the next table.  
Table two had not been as bad, only three men had used her, and unbeknownst
  to Debra, one had been an employee. She had no way of knowing it was now the
  early morning hours of Friday morning, one of the traditionally slower times
  for the dungeon. She spent the two hours in her glass cabinet, undisturbed
  but it was torture standing there. As she had to stand in the tight enclosure
  on the high heels of her shoes, trying desperately not to lose her balance,
  and fighting off her need to sleep.  
She spent her next cycle on table 3, with only a single master using her,
  as she was left hanging on the X for almost her entire hour. But then, with
  only five minutes left of her time, three of the men wearing silver collars
  approached the X, and took turns using her, with each man forcing her to suck
  his cock to erection, before raping her cunt. They made comments, as they defiled
  her, telling her that this was the best perk of the job.  
She was finally freed of the X, and returned to room 0, to get ready for
  the floor again. Thankfully she was given some coffee, and half a bagel to
  eat, before she was forced back into her glass cabinet.  
She stayed there for over an hour, before she noticed someone new enter the
  dungeon. She watched as he circled the room, inspecting the slaves in the cabinets.
  Debra had noticed that only three girls now stood in the cabinets, each looking
  as uncomfortable as her. The new master had quickly looked over the other three
  slaves in the cabinets, and then moved his inspection onto the poor slaves
  now working the tables. No contractors were currently working the floor, but
  then Debra hadn't seen anyone on this shift in the cabinet, except this master,
  and the employees who worked feverishly to clean the room and tables, back
  to its immaculate status.  
The new Master came back to her cabinet, and simply opened the door, then
  walked to door 37. His torture was mild, compared to that of her first master,
  but still being hung upside down from the ceiling, your arms strapped behind
  your back in a sleeve, while a man paddles your ass and breasts was no picnic
  either. She thought that she would pass out from the ordeal, until he finally
  lowered her far enough to allow him to rape her in the ass. When he finished,
  he made a comment about the lower quality of the slaves in the dungeon these
  days, and then left her there, his semen filling her bowels for the remainder
  of her time in the cycle.  
She hung there, her head forced over to the side, observing the clock on
  the wall, counting down the minutes. She took the time to observe the room,
  much like the main hall, it too was beautiful, with wood doors and trim, elegant
  rugs on the tile floor that her face was now forced into it. She took note
  of the many ropes, chains, whips, clamps, cuffs, spreader bars and other various
  bondage gear, neatly hung in the closet that had been left open. Inside the
  closet was also a smaller set of stocks and saw horses. With six minutes left,
  an employee came in and lowered her to the floor, before untying her legs from
  the chains. She was further humiliated by him groping her breasts, before he
  freed her arms from the sleeve. He smiled as he pinched her left nipple, and
  said &quot;Good, at least your's are natural.&quot; and helped her to her feet.  
She was again led to room 0 be cleaned up and put back on the floor. Her
  time at table four was again a painful experience, but she was witness to the
  horrors of the circle, as she hung there, waiting for what was to come next.
  A slave, who Debra had seen earlier in one of the cabinets, was led to the
  circle, where she was chained to chains from the ceiling, a chunk of wood was
  forced in her mouth, as she cried out pitifully. She was next whipped by a
  master, for what seemed like forever, and then by an employee. The whips leaving
  whelp's across her back, she was sweating and crying under the assault.  
Debra was released and taken back to the room, after having only been used
  twice on table four. After her cleanup, she was placed back in her cabinet,
  where she observed the slave still being whipped. A speaker in the top of her
  cabinet, then announced that she had received the 100 swats the Master who
  she had refused an order given to her, and that she would now be punished by
  the grand master. Debra watched in horror, as a large box was rolled onto the
  stage, the box was opened then spun around the room for all to see. Inside
  the box was thousands of small needles lining the walls. The box was then wheeled
  around the still suspended slave. Then to Debra's horror, the box was closed
  on the suspended women, the look of pain on the slave's face spoke of her unbelievable
  torture.  
Then, when the box had been locked into place, she heard an announcement
  from outside on the floor. &quot;Pour in the salt.&quot; Two employees appeared
  at the box, holding hoses. They aimed the hoses into the air, and pulled the
  triggers. A mist shot from the hoses. The shots were brief, but showed the
  fine mist of salt to all in attendance. Next the men placed the hoses into
  two holes in the sides of the box, and then they pulled the triggers. The slaves
  eyes shot even wider open in pain, as the salty mist was sprayed all over her
  body.  
Debra couldn't even begin to imagine the pain that the woman must be feeling,
  as she watched in horror as the woman suffered. Then still shocked by the cruelty
  that she had observed, she almost vomited, when she saw the slaves arms go
  slack, as the chains holding her arms were lowered. The woman's eyes again
  grew large from the pain, and then closed, as she passed out from the torture.
  The commanding voice of the grand master then boomed across the speaker in
  her cabinet.  
&quot;You slaves should take note of what any disobedience to a Master here
  in my dungeon will get you. I also want you all to know that I will not show
  anyone else the mercy that I have shown this slave. She would have received
  a more worthy punishment, if she wasn't in such a weakened condition.&quot;  
Debra began to cry for the poor girl, as she lay there limp in the box, then
  her door was opened.  
Debra could hardly think about her own situation, as she was again tied and
  raped by another stranger in room 37. She lay there under this new Master,
  as he used her. Her thoughts were still on the slave in the circle. This master
  had finished rather early, and even freed her from her bonds, before leaving
  the room, with an hour and fifteen minutes left on the timer. She cried herself
  to sleep, feeling sorrow for the tortured soul in the circle, and herself.  
Her day continued on much the same, as she went from table to table. The
  club had got busier as the day went on. For one of her cycles, she had been
  taken to the Grand Master's office, gagged and bound to the X there, while
  the Master welcomed two new members to the club. Although neither man had any
  slaves of their own, they certainly had the money to buy their way in, both
  of them desiring the power over women, that the Master held. Fortunately that
  shift had been one of her easiest, she was there as obvious decoration, as
  she had been dressed in a ornate decorative corset made of silk and jewels.
  The worst part had been when the Master was explaining to the men that he got
  new slaves in all the time. He then pointed to her, and told them about her.  
&quot;What you see in front of you gentlemen, is a perfect example of what
  I am talking about. Mrs. Barone here is a mother of three, and the wife of
  a local sports columnist. She was just brought in yesterday by her Master,
  who I might add is not her husband.&quot; he said with a laugh, &quot;She is
  here on her own free will, and like all slaves here, will do anything, and
  Gentlemen I do mean anything that you desire. She, like all of my slaves are
  pets, tools, creatures for our entertainment. She has been tested just as thoroughly
  as you men have been, and is free of any diseases, just like all my slaves
  are, so that you can relax, knowing that my stable is clean. No slave is released
  to the floor, until she has been declared disease free.&quot; he then continued
  on with the benefits of the club, and talking about his stable.  
Debra was eventually sent back to the floor, where she was back at table
  one, at the request of the newly inducted Masters, both men used her. In fact,
  she lost count of the numbers that had plundered her that shift. She had heard
  from someone in the line telling someone else not to worry that they would
  leave the new slave there, until everyone in line had used her, even if her
  time expired. Finally after an eternity of sucking, and being impaled by stranger's
  cocks, she was freed. This time, instead of being taken back and cleaned up,
  she was taken to her room, and sodomized viciously by a massive brute. She
  was then left covered in semen, on the bed, for the remainder of her cycle.  
She had heard the buzzer at the five minute mark, and returned to room 0.
  Where she was cleaned and readied for another round on the floor.  
Gianni had been overwhelmed by what he saw. Architecturally at first, then
  by what was going on in the room, drew his attention away from the stoic design
  of the room. Women tied, hanging from the ceiling, secured in stocks, locked
  in glass cabinets, and being used by an assortment of men. Mr. Fass then pointed
  out some of the projects that Gianni had worked on for him, allowing him to
  see their final use.  
Gianni had been awed by the sight, and listened intently, as Mr. Fass explained
  his little operation to him. He then explained that the contractor that he
  had used before, and for many years prior to that, had recently passed away,
  and he needed someone to finish several more rooms, that were still under construction.
  He went on to explain that after some extensive background investigations he
  had chosen Gianni from a long list. He went on, and then took him to see the
  rooms in question. Gianni looked them over, and assured Mr. Fass that he could
  handle the job in question. Then Gianni's heart stopped, when Mr. Fass invited
  him to spend some time in the club.  
The men walked around the room, and finally took a seat where they were served
  by several women wearing stockings and smiles. Mr. Fass explained to Gianni
  that the way the club worked, what each color collar meant. They sat and drank,
  as Mr. Fass filled him in on what was allowed in the club.  
The men sat there for half an hour drinking, talking, and having a good time,
  when Mr. Fass invited Gianni to &quot;sample the floor&quot;, as he put it.  
Gianni walked around the floor, and ended up at table 5, as it was labeled.
  He had been drawn there by the beautiful blonde who was bound in the swing.
  He happily waited his turn, and then let loose on the helpless girl, pounding
  her rigorously. When he finished, he pulled his trousers up and walked away
  feeling great. That's when she caught his eye. There, swaying back and forth
  in a swing, while being ravished by a Master, was a slave who could've been
  a twin for his friend Ray's wife. Gianni had to do a double take, to make sure
  that it wasn't her. He looked her over from this distance, as another man stepped
  up to her face, while she was still being pounded in her cunt.  
'No, ' he thought, 'Debra has brown hair, whereas this gal's hair was more
  red than brown' and Gianni was sure that Debra's tits weren't that large. Not
  to mention the dark tan sported by this slave. Still, he thought it warranted
  another look, so he approached more closely, to have a look at this gal, he
  had always wanted to nail Debra, and this look alike would be the next best
  thing. As he circled the table, he got a closer look at the slave's face, even
  with her mouth stuffed with a cock and her eyes closed, wincing in pain, she
  was a dead ringer for Debra Barone. He looked the slave over, top to bottom,
  about the same size, same shape mostly, but was Deb's tits weren't that big,
  he thought, then he saw his answer.  
He looked at the slave's hand, cuffed to the chain, as she rocked back and
  forth from the men sawing into her. There on her hand he saw a ring, a ring
  he had seen many times before, the ring he had stood and watched his friend
  Ray slip on his new bride's finger, at their wedding, as Gianni stood as one
  of Ray's groomsmen. Gianni stepped back in shock. The shock didn't last long,
  as he quickly moved his way back to Mr. Fass's table.  
He asked Mr. Fass about getting some photo's of some of the slaves. Mr. Fass
  explained to him that no cameras were allowed on the floor, but he occasionally
  allowed a Master to film or photograph a slave in one of the private rooms.  
Gianni thought quickly, perhaps too quickly, when he spouted out an offer
  to Mr. Fass. He would take ten percent off of his bill, if he was allowed to
  film and photograph a private session with a particular slave. The proposition
  put a huge smile on Mr. Fass's face, &quot;I'll even have one of my men film
  it for you! How about that?&quot; Mr. Fass said. He then asked which slave
  Gianni would like to spend some time with. Gianni pointed to Debra, stilling
  swaying back in forth in the swing under another man's attentions.  
Mr. Fass tilted his head, and asked, &quot;Why that slave? I have many younger,
  more beautiful girls that I can offer you.&quot; Gianni went on to explain
  how she looked so much like an old crush he'd had, giving Mr. Fass a bogus
  name that he just made up. &quot;Fine.&quot; Mr. Fass replied, telling Gianni
  that he would have the slave cleaned up and taken to her room for him.  
Gianni then shocked Mr. Fass again, by asking him if he had a mask or something
  that he could wear. Mr. Fass then remembered reading about the Barones in Gianni's
  file from the PI he had used to investigate the contractors he had considered
  for the job, and the unusual request began to make sense to the older man.
  He thought about it, but only briefly. It meant nothing to him at all if Gianni
  wanted to fuck his friend's wife. He assured Gianni that they had a hood that
  would conceal his identity. As Gianni got up to prepare, Mr. Fass told him &quot;I'm
  sure you'll find Mrs. Barone a more than fulfilling slave my friend.&quot; He
  saw the look cross Gianni's face at the mention of her name, and knew that
  he was right.  
Chapter 11  
Mr. Fass had called over a female employee and given her some instructions.
  She had constantly asked Mr. Fass this or that as the two men enjoyed their
  drinks but now she was returning every few minutes to speak to him.  
Gianni had some time to wait for his slave; Debra had just began her time
  on the table and had over forty minutes left in the swing. Telling him the
  wait Mr. Fass offered to get him ready.  
&quot;So tell me, this is your first visit to a dungeon isn't it my friend?&quot; he
  asked holding his glass of liquor.  
&quot;Yea it sure is. Thanks, thanks so much for giving me this job and allowing
  me to well you know.&quot; He said.  
&quot;What enjoy the pleasures of my slaves?&quot; He said eliciting a nod
  from Gianni. &quot;Well my friend, think nothing of it. I am a man who appreciates
  art be it wood, canvas, sculpture or a woman's body. I believe art should be
  enjoyed experienced, not just looked at but enjoyed. Art is something that
  you draw pleasure from. How does one draw pleasure from a female body? The
  answer my friend is in anyway that you find pleasure, physically, psychologically,

  emotionally and most importantly sexually.&quot; Mr. Fass said sipping his
  drink as he watched table sixes activities. The young Mrs. Barone had gathered
  quite a crowd. New slaves where usually sampled by most masters when the worked
  the tables and once word went out that Mr. Fass was going to pull a slave everyone
  wanted a piece today, was no different.  
The dungeon was like anywhere else in the world, take the most average looking
  woman put her on the floor no one seems interested. But when word goes out
  that there is something special about her or that Mr. Fass has some special
  plans for her and suddenly she becomes the most wanted girl in the dungeon.  
Debra Barone was now the most popular girl on the floor. The line of Masters
  waiting for her had grown to over ten men waiting for both her mouth and ass.
  Her name had leaked out somehow since when Mr. Fass had ordered her to be prepped
  and sent to his private room once she finished her time on the table.  
Not surprisingly to him word of her almost celebrity husband had circulated
  around the room. Adding to her mystic was the fact she had been brought in
  by a master other than her husband. It was not unusual for a husband to submit
  his wife/slave to be used at the club, but no one had ever heard of a married
  woman brought in by someone else before.  
Now Mrs. Barone had been pre-booked for her next five cycles. Mr. Fass loved
  it when things like that got out, as he could make ten times more money off
  an in demand slave that others were willing to pay extra to pre-book.  
A master was free to pull any slave out of a cabinet for his pleasure and
  to do so was covered under the membership fee. However this was done on a first
  come first serve basis. To ensure you got time with the slave you wanted you
  could pre-book a slave for a substantial fee. To add to her popularity everyone
  knew she was only there for a few days adding to the demand for time with the
  abused young mother.  
Debra's scheduled break cycles had been ordered canceled by Mr. Fass as demand
  for her continued to grow. Any doubt's about his investment in this slave now
  gone from his mind, he looked to capitalize on her sudden popularity,  
Unfortunately for Debra when a man paid that much to spend time with a women
  they where usually determined to get there moneys worth for it. Poor Debra
  Barone would soon find out what darkness lived in the hearts of men.  
&quot;Would you like some advise Gianni?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Yes of course.&quot; Gianni responded.  
&quot;Good, Gianni there is no greater feeling than that of total dominance
  over a beautiful woman. People may say you're a pig, an animal, a sadist. I
  say let them speak. They have never experienced an orgasm as you subject a
  slave to you darkest whims.&quot; He said with a huge smile on his face, as
  he lit a fine cigar.  
Mr. Fass lead Gianni to his private dungeon, once there he fired up the monitor
  and with a phone call and few hushed words Debra's tortured face appeared on
  the screen. The angle then changed and zoomed out showing the men gathered
  there to use her and the two who currently were.  
The camera focused in as someone positioned a small padded bench under where
  Debra swung from. The Master using her cunt then pulled free of her, the camera
  zoomed in to show the thick streams of semen now running from her cunt.  
Next the camera zoomed out showing a man sporting a large erection sliding
  along the off centered bench. Next the man on the bench began to work his rigid
  cock into Debra's ass. He used the free flowing cum to help lubricate his insertion
  into her anus. The camera had zoomed in capturing every inch of his cock splitting
  her ass open. It zoomed out to show she was still being forced to suck on cock
  while taking the massive cock in her ass.  
The Master now in her ass had begun a pace of sawing into her. As he established
  his tempo another man stepped up and carefully worked his cock into her cunt,
  making sure not to dislodge the penis now in her ass. As the men worked together
  to establish a tempo the man below her reached out and grabbing her breast
  used them to swing her back and forth on their cocks.  
Gianni's eyes had been fixed on the screen the entire time. He was in a trance
  like state as he watched this woman he thought he knew now filled with three
  cocks and a line more waiting their turn. Debra's face showed her pain and
  humiliation, Gianni began to wonder what it that had brought her to this point
  was.  
Debra had been one of the most secure confident women he had ever met. As
  he thought back over everything he knew of her he couldn't imagine her in a
  place like this. She had been a little wilder in her younger days; at least
  Ray said she had. But she had been one of the most stable well balanced people
  he knew. To see her as she was now was shocking to Gianni. Why would she be
  doing this? No way had Ray known he would never allow anything like this, hell
  Gianni couldn't even get him to go to a strip club. No way would he allow his
  wife to work a dungeon like this.  
Gianni's jaw dropped as the camera zoomed in showing the semen being forced
  out of her cunt with each thrust of the dick pushing in. She had been stuffed
  full of cum and it was now forced out to make room for even more. Her face
  was covered in cum as well, with white fluid dripping from her lips and splattered
  across her once proud face.  
Debra Barone swung back and forth again for the third time in a row having
  three cocks shoved into her body's orifices. The cock in her ass causing the
  most pain, but the cock stuffed down her throat hair tickling her nose was
  definitely the one on her mind at the time. She hated when his cock was stuffed
  all the way in her mouth and he allowed his balls to cover over her nose. The
  hair tickled her nose making her want to sneeze but the dick down her throat
  made that all but impossible.  
She was beside herself, this was the worst thing she had ever imagined she
  could no longer see and end to her torture. She had done this all to protect
  her family, to protect her children, her husband. But how could she ever go
  back to Ray, she had sworn her faithfulness to him but here she was with all
  these men. She had tried to convince herself she hadn't been unfaithful to
  him, she had been forced to do the things she had done. But now lying here
  being used as she was it just didn't matter anymore. She could call it anything
  she wanted but now matter how she looked at it she was nothing but a common
  whore.  
She had hated every moment of her ordeal; she hated herself for ever allowing
  any of it to happen in the first place. She should have refused to do anything
  from the beginning, at the least she should have got money from her father
  and just insisted on paying them off. But she had foolishly gone into it thinking
  she could control it, handle it. She couldn't though and she should have known
  that. Why had she ever gone back the second time she now told herself that
  although she denied it at the time she knew where this would end up, and instead
  of doing what she could to stop it she let it go on. If she had just been honest
  with Ray from the beginning he might have understood.  
He would have believed her even if they had released the tapes from her college
  days, he would understand. She had been drugged, raped. Sure she had allowed
  her old boyfriend to take the nude photos of her, but the rest had been done
  to her without her knowledge or permission. Sure she received a lot of grief
  over the Mardi Gra photo's from Ray and his folks but, anything would have
  been better than this.  
She had already begun to worry that maybe she was being strung along. Maybe
  she would never be freed. What if she spent the rest of her life in this hell?
  She had found no signs of anyone sympathetic to her plight in this dungeon.
  Then again could she ever go back home and face her husband after all the whoring
  she had done. How could she ever allow him to touch her again after having
  let these things being done to her? What if this master was wrong what if someone
  here was clean, what if the did have a STD she could have AIDS or who knows
  what no one in this place had used a condom.  
She hadn't had time to worry about getting pregnant she had far to many other
  things on her mind, but what if she had gotten pregnant how could she explain
  it to Ray, sure the used the sponge and she could have gotten pregnant by Ray
  even with a sponge but what if the child turned out half black or Asian. What
  ifs her mind was full of them &quot;What if this&quot; &quot;What if that&quot; all
  she could do was think about the what ifs.  
She swallowed hard as yet another load of semen was shot down her throat.
  Again she had tried no to swallow the vile liquid but what choice did she have,
  when his cock was so far down her throat. She felt her muscles tense as her
  body reacted to another injection of sperm fired into her ass. The cock buried
  deep inside her having stopped its pounding. Finally she felt the jerk in her
  cunt begin to empty into her well filled womb. She sighed with great relief
  as finally the cocks impaling her finally withdrew.  
She took three more in her cunt before she had finally been released from
  the swing. She was given a more thorough cleaning than usually as her body
  was scrubbed cleaned, douched, given an enema. Allowed to brush her teeth shower
  and then given an elegant white corset to put on. The corset was stringed in
  the back instead of the zipper like her others had been. The garter she was
  given was thinner than the others and her thin stockings did make her look
  pretty good she thought to herself.  
It seemed that as much attention was given to her makeup as when she had
  been put on display in the Masters office. When she finally was lead from the
  room she was taken to a large unlabeled door instead of Room 37 or her cabinet.
  Several Masters had pinched or groped her ass as she was lead across the floor.  
She was directed into the room by the employee who had escorted her there.
  The room she entered was completely dark. As soon as the door closed leaving
  her in complete darkness there was a loud click and suddenly a bright light
  eliminated her position in a bright circle. Before her eyes could adjust to
  the blinding light her arms were grabbed harshly and she was forced over a
  padded leather horse. She was secured to the horse in only seconds.  
She lay straddling the horse unsure what to expect but scared to death of
  what to expect.  
Gianni watched from his elevated position above her. He glanced down at the
  monitor observing the close up of her scared face. She was horrified, he could
  see it in her eyes, she was also so beautiful. He had never seen Debra look
  so good before in his life.  
&quot;Brand her&quot; Mr. Fass said loudly.  
&quot;What?&quot; Debra yelled in shock. She started to protest but the wooden
  bit slipped in her mouth stopped her in her tracks.  
She felt the cold alcohol rubbed over the left cheek of her ass. Gianni watched
  in an enthralled state as a black light went on behind Debra's ass as a hooded
  figure wheeled up behind her on a small stool holding a tattoo gun in his hand.  
Debra's eyes shot open and tears began to fall as the needle began marking
  her skin with its ink. She had no idea what was being tattooed on her ass but
  there would be no hiding this from Ray.  
Chapter 12 
Gianni stared into the monitor in a surreal trance like state as he watched
  the tears streak down Debra's face. Her mascara had began to run and her pain
  and sorrow was etched in her eyes as she thrashed her head from side to side
  trying to break free of her bonds. Her struggles where of course futile and

  restrained as she was she couldn't even move her ass away from the man now
  tattooing it.  
He was fascinated by what he was seeing and in a state of shock all at the
  same time. His cock grew more rigid with every passing moment. He was drawn
  to the sight before him as he gazed on watching her suffer. She was biting
  down hard on the wooden bit now placed in her mouth. The ripples riding across
  her ass as the tiny needle of the tattoo gun continued to inject her with its
  ink. He watched as her arms would tense and pull up from her bonds futilely.
  Her legs cutting into the bar holding the back of her thighs securely in place,
  and the arching of her back as she fought against the strap holding it, trying
  to lift up off the table.  
The process took almost and hour but when it was done Debra was more physically
  drained than she had been all week long. The injection of the stimulant in
  her ass went unnoticed by the battered woman as it was just another of the
  hundreds of needle pricks that had now assaulted her rump. She couldn't figure
  out what was being tattooed on her ass. Her mind had tried to piece together
  from the movement of the needle just what was being inked into her skin but
  it was an impossible task, only in her imagination could she come up with thoughts. &quot;Slut&quot; &quot;Whore&quot; some
  other foul words to describe her current activities. &quot;Put it here&quot; &quot;Well
  used&quot; some other insulting comment. No matter what it was her life was
  over. How could she explain it to Ray he would leave her for good, no chance
  of saving her marriage or family now.  
The tattoo had finally been finished when the man seated at her ass coated
  it lightly with Vaseline before wheeling away. He was no sooner gone than one
  of the girls who had done her makeup so many times earlier had entered and
  begun to cleanup Debra's now streaked face. As she worked to touch up Debra
  appearance Gianni was taken and fitted into a leather hood.  
Gianni approached Debra who had been left tied to the table for his pleasure.
  She was tied before him as he had only imagined could ever be possible. He
  was now just moments away from fulfilling one of his darkest fantasies. He
  would now take his friends wife, he would use her as savagely as she had ever
  been used before. He would give her something to remember. He had to make it
  last, he would have this moment on film to savor forever, but now he had to
  make it last.  
He had been shown all the devices available for his use but he needed none
  of them. He had already asked about what was acceptable and been told there
  where no rules for this session. He felt only the smallest tinge of guilt as
  he circled her, admiring her bound form. She was beautiful he thought as he
  took note of the glowing letters now inked into her ass. &quot;F SLAVE&quot; blazed
  in two inch letters across her tender ass. As he stepped in front of the black
  light he noticed her tattoo disappeared, obviously she had been tattooed with
  some sort of black light ink he thought.  
Slowly he ran his hand across her body starting at her neck then moving down
  her back. Snapping at the tight leather strap and then her garter he moved
  down her body. His fingers moved in circles around her ass then down the back
  of her thigh where it stopped, he pulled his hand up removing the medal pin
  holding the wood brace at the back of her legs. The wooden bar fell to the
  ground first, followed seconds later by the clanging of the medal pin on the
  floor. Finally the pressure on the back of her thighs had been released ushering
  a great huff of relief from her still gagged mouth. The sounds made by Debra
  moved around the silent room as she waited for what would happen next.  
The leather strap across her back constricted then fell away as Gianni undid
  the restraint from its buckle. The release was again followed by another relieved
  huff from Debra. Finally he undid the knot in the leather string holding her
  wooden bit in place. She opened her mouth allowing the wooden bit that had
  been used to gag her to fall to the floor below her head. She gulped in several
  large gulps of air before she began a fit of coughing. She had her eyes closed
  as she coughed and was only stopped by the hand moving over the lines of her
  face. He finally moved his hand to her chin and pulled her head up so she looked
  him in the face. He looked in her eyes and revealed in the feeling of control
  and power over her. She had always been so commanding, demanding, always in
  charge. Gianni had to admit he too would jump when she went into one of her
  tirades against Ray and his friends. Gianni had found himself the recipient
  of her condescending glare more times than he cared to admit. She had been
  so high and mighty, so holier than thou to him so many times. This control,
  this feeling of complete and total domination over her, he enjoyed it.  
He dropped his trousers to the floor with his free hand still holding her
  chin with his other arm. His cock stood free an erect he had always wanted
  to do this he thought as he pressed his penis to her lips. She took his member
  instantly without even the slightest resistance. She allowed him to stuff his
  erect phallus down her throat fearful of offending a master and having to spend
  any time in the circle. She watched him gaze contently into her eyes as he
  stroked in and out of her mouth. This went on for several minutes before he
  moved his cock from her mouth and circled around her body. He slid his saliva
  coated cock across both cheecks of her ass before he began to force it into
  her anal passage.  
He made sure of his position by prying the cheeks of her butt apart before
  forcing his cock past her sphincter. She whimpered as he slid into her ass.
  Her grief brought him more pleasure and his thrust grew more forceful the more
  hurt she sounded. He had soon worked himself into a fevered pace of ramming
  his cock into her ass. He reached forward and gripping his hand into her hair
  her pulled her head back ripping the hair from her scalp. Her screams of pain
  and despair echoed through the chamber as he held her head up and back as he
  rammed into her already abused ass.  
Gianni was living his dream, and it was good he thought as he pulsed into
  her sphincter. He had never been so sexually satisfied as he was at this moment
  as he felt his seed spray deep into her bowels. He loved this control this
  power it was more than he could have dreamed of.  
He finally pulled from her ass and stood back to admire his work. He stared
  at his semen as it seeped from her sphincters still stretched hole and down
  her rump. He had just fucked Debra Barone in the ass and he'd have the tape
  to prove it, he thought to himself with glee. He had revealed in the moment
  long enough he thought and began to free her from her bonds.  
He had finally helped her from the table and led her to the bed. Standing
  in front of the bed he spun her around, and in a quick fluid movement ripped
  the corset from her body. The action had taken Debra by surprise and she gasped
  in shock by the brutality of his actions. He next pushed her down on the bed
  forcefully, he was on top of her in and instant. He wanted so badly to tell
  her who he was and what he was going to do to her but kept silent.  
He attacked her breast taking note of the navel ring she now sported.  
He couldn't help but think she looked thinner and better with the darker
  tan. He sucked her nipples deep into his mouth and nipped them delicately between
  his teeth. He played with her breast and his tongue and his fingers probed
  the folds of her cunt. She moaned and squeaked under his tinkerings as he continued
  to explore and enjoy her body. He was struck with how much better she looked
  here in the nude than even what he had imagined she would. Ray was sure one
  lucky bastard he thought in one moment, only too then think about what a slut
  she was and changing his mind.  
His cock had grown rigid now as he explored her body and he slid his body
  against her. Soon he was thrusting his cock into her cunt. He stayed on top
  of her for several minutes before grabbing her by the hips and rolling her
  on top of him. She was bounced on top of his body as he groped her chest gleefully.
  As his climax grew closer his hands found there way to her neck. He began at
  first a gentle playful almost choke. But as he grew more exited his grip grew
  stronger soon she was pulling at his hands unable to breath. By the time he
  climaxed inside her she was bright red in the face the blood in her brain trapped
  by his choke hold on her neck. He tightened his grip as he savored every jet
  of seed filling her cunt. She had all but passed out when he finally released
  his grip on her neck.  
Gianni glanced at his watch he had only spent thirty five minutes with the
  slave he had given so much to be with he glanced over seeing the video camera
  still recording every moment of his triumph. He grabbed a handful of breast
  and pushed her off him forcefully, He quickly went to the wall and lowered
  the chains holding the large ornate X from the ceiling. He brought it to down
  to hang an inch off the floor and returned to the bed. Taking hold of a handful
  of Debra's red hair he pulled her from the bed. He drug her crying and scared
  to the wooden bars. He pushed the poor woman against the frame and strapped
  the leather belt around her waist.  
He looked into her glazed eyes as he tried to work out a plan in his mind
  as to what to do with her next. He took hold of her wrist and pulled it to
  the frame, chaining it in place. He moved on to her other wrist and chained
  its cuff to the frame while staring at her chest. Standing straight up as she
  was her breast seemed larger and firmer than he had ever imagined they would
  be. He would need some time to prepare himself for his next endeavor with the
  young mother so time was not an issue. He moved to the ankles next chaining
  each cuff to the frame as well. After finishing with the second ankle his hand
  moved up her hose covered leg, up her thigh and stopping at her crotch. He
  felt his fluids mixed with hers now covering his finger and palm.  
He pulled his hand away and wiped it in her hair as he moved to the closet.
  He returned to her with two small clamps in his hand he reached out and pinched
  her nipples several times trying to stimulate the exposed skin. She whimpered
  in response to his torturous touch regaining her senses after almost being
  choked out. He opened the first metal clamp and moved it to her breast.  
When the clamp closed over her nipple she let out a blood curdling scream
  of pain. He was shocked by the reaction but it in no way deterred him from
  slipping the second clamp on her other nipple. The second wail of her scream
  was even more chilling than the first. He looked into her now wide open eyes
  with a feeling of satisfaction as she wailed in pain. He returned to the closet
  and came back with a pair of chains and weights.  
He waited till her howls of pain subsided to cries and whimpers before clamping
  the first weight on her left breast clamp. The added device renewed her screams
  and she continued bucking to free herself of the painful device. Again he waited
  till she had calmed a little before applying the second. He returned to the
  closet as she screamed in pain.  
He found another device of interest and returned to Debra's side. He rotated
  the X till she was now upside down on the beams. He hair now dangling, she
  looked down in immeasurable pain seeing the chains and weights pulling her
  nipples down toward the floor. She felt him rub against her cunt drawing her
  attention away from her abused chest. She moaned in despair as she felt the
  massive head of a dildo press into her womanhood. She hadn't seen the thirty
  six inch length of double sided dildo that was now being shoved in her cunt
  forcefully. At just over 10 inches forced into her cunt Gianni had bottomed
  out, being disappointed with the length of the dildo still outside her body
  he began working the rubber phallus back and forth in her.  
After ten minutes of working the dildo in and out of her he had only worked
  an additional half inch into her body. He confirmed this failure by retrieving
  a small tape measure from his disheveled pants and measuring his work. Disappointed
  with the results of his efforts he returned to the closet and began rummaging
  through it, leaving over twenty five inches of the dildo flopping between her
  legs.  
Debra initially relieved he had finally stopped trying to shove more of the
  rubber assailant into looked down her body in amazement seeing the lengthy
  rubber dick waving between her legs. Her newest tormentor returned from the
  closet with to thin medal ring like devices.  
Gianni pulled up a stool and sat down next to poor Debra, reaching below
  he bound for he pulled the spring medal ring apart and slipping it under and
  pulling it up and around her already tortured breast. He released the sides
  of the ring at the base of her breast allowing it to squeeze her tit tightly
  at the base causing it to balloon out below the half inch ring.  
Again she screamed bloody murder her voice getting horse from the abuse.
  She stared in horror as he placed the second ring over her other tit. She was
  in unimaginable pain and it just wouldn't end. The stimulant she had been given
  had already taken affect and she felt like her heart was about to explode in
  her chest. She began whimpering about having a heart attack between screams
  of pain but her attacker didn't seem to hear her or care if he had. She thought
  she was going to die as she watched her breast turn bright red as the blood
  was trapped in them by the rings.  
Gianni returned his attentions to her crotch as he grabbed the end of the
  flailing dildo and began to work into her ass. He shoved inch after inch of
  the tool into her before he began pistoning both sides in and out of her body.
  He had already toned out any screams or objections Debra might be yelling and
  was now gingerly working it into each of her holes.  
Finally bored with the dildo he again returned to the closet and found what
  he was looking for. He approached he face and stroking his cock in one hand
  her held the whip in the other.  
&quot;What's you name?&quot; he said in his deepest voice.  
Debra hesitated several second before saying. &quot;Linda, Linda Parkers...
  Eh ville.&quot; She replied  
Smack! Smack! Smack! Her heart stood still in her chest from the pain as
  he made three swats on he swollen chest with the small paddle like whip.  
&quot;Don't you fucking lie to me!&quot; Gianni screamed &quot;I want your
  real name Bitch!&quot; he snapped.  
&quot;Debra! Debra Whalen OK!&quot; She screamed in pain.  
&quot;NO&quot; Smack! Smack! &quot;BARONE! OK IT'S DEBRA BARONE! PLEASE STOP!
  I'M DYING PLEASE!&quot; she screamed as he again swatted her breast.  
Chapter 13  
&quot;Well Debra Barone, if you want me to stop, then you need to answer
  me honestly, or else I'll keep on whipping your tits.&quot; Gianni told her
  in as deep, and as harsh a voice as he could.  
&quot;OK, OK! I will! I promise that I'll... just please stop, OK?&quot; she
  pleaded with him.  
&quot;We'll see slut. You are married right?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;What?&quot; SMACK &quot;YES, yes, I'm married! Please STOP!&quot; she
  cried.  
&quot;Why did your husband put you here?&quot; he asked her, hoping to make
  her lie.  
&quot;He likes to make me... &quot; SMACK! &quot;OH GOD! FUCK! OK! PLEASE
  STOP! OH PLEASE!&quot;  
SMACK &quot;HE DIDN'T. HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW. PLEASE DON'T HIT ME AGAIN.&quot; SMACK  
&quot;You will be punished when you lie to me BITCH!&quot; SMACK! Gianni
  said, admiring the red streaks that he was leaving cris-crossed across on her
  tits.  
&quot;I won't lie. I won't. I promise. Please don't hurt me. No more.&quot; she
  cried weakly, unable to catch her breath.  
&quot;Who brought you here then Slut?&quot; he asked her, holding the whip
  ready to strike again.  
&quot;I don't know. I swear. I don't even know his name, OH PLEASE DON'T
  HIT ME! I SWEAR I'M TELLING YOU THE TRUTH.&quot; she cried, looking up fearfully
  at his threatening hand.  
Gianni saw the fear in her eyes, and heard the terror in her voice. He believed
  that she was telling the truth. &quot;What? You're going to have to explain
  it to me. How did some guy, that you don't even know, bring you here? What
  is this, some freaky thing that you do, or enjoy or something? I mean why are
  you here Debra Barone?&quot; he asked, careful to try and disguise his voice.  
She whimpered and shook several times, trying to gather herself, in order
  to answer, eyeing his menacing hand, still ready to strike at her tortured
  chest.  
&quot;These men the made me come here. I had no choice, I tried to make them
  stop, but I have to.&quot; she cried.  
&quot;Why? Why do you have to?&quot; he asked her.  
&quot;Because they, they've made me. They're blackmailing me. I mean at first
  it was blackmail, now its just... I don't know, kidnaping or something. I mean
  I don't have a choice anymore.&quot; she cried.  
&quot;Blackmailing you with what?&quot; he asked, now very intrigued by her
  answers.  
&quot;They had pictures of me, from college. I mean at first that's what
  it was. But then they got even more pictures of me, newer pictures of me. They
  drugged me and I...&quot; she paused, &quot;I mean they made me do things that
  I couldn't let my husband know, because I...&quot; she paused again, trying
  to regain some composure, as the tears streaked down her cheeks. &quot;I love
  him, and my family. I screwed up big time, and now I just don't have a choice
  any more.&quot; she babbled, almost incoherently, through her sobs.  
&quot;Really? So what have they made you do?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Stuff.&quot; she answered, not wanting to elaborate any further on
  the subject. But the lifting of his hand to swat her again, made her think
  better of not responding further. &quot;Sexual things. I, I've had to, well
  prostitute myself, and things like that.&quot; she said, hoping to have pleased
  him with her answer.  
&quot;Really? How?&quot; he asked, not satisfied with her weak non-specific
  response.  
&quot;Well first they drugged me, and I don't know how, but they made me
  pick up these old guys at bars. They taped it all, and told me that they would
  show my family, if I didn't cooperate with them. Then they made me go out of
  town, and work in some kind of dance or strip club or something, but I'm not
  really sure what it was, as they kept drugging me.&quot; she said, humiliated
  by her confession.  
&quot;So what else have they made you do?&quot; he asked, enthralled by her
  tale.  
&quot;I mean I don't really know all of it, because of the drugs that they
  kept giving me. They've shown me videos of me and some guys, but I have trouble
  actually remembering a lot of what went on.&quot; she said, broken and in pain.  
&quot;What do you remember?&quot; he pried.  
&quot;Well like the first night at the club, they made me do them all. Then
  some bum in an alley. It was disgusting. Uh, then on the flight back here,
  they took my into the bathroom, and I had to have sex with like five guys,

  and then I was brought here. I just don't really know anymore. Its been one
  long nightmare. It just has. I don't know.&quot; she cried.  
&quot;So tell me what happened in the airplane.&quot; he said, hungry to
  hear more.  
&quot;Uh, well there were two guys who brought me back here. One of them
  made me follow him into the bathroom on the plane. Then, you know, he raped
  me, and made me wait for the other guy to come in and rape me. Then they like
  let some of the other passengers come in and fuck me. I was like dying in there.
  My ass was getting all busted up on the sink, and they were all rough with
  me. I mean, I don't think those other guys even knew the guys who kidnaped
  me, but I don't know for sure.&quot; she babbled on, as she relived her nightmare.  
Gianni looked down at his now erect cock, and its swelling head. He was troubled
  by her story, and almost felt bad about what he had done to her, but it didn't

  stop him from doing what he still wanted to do to her.  
He knew he wanted a video of him fucking her, without the hood, so he returned
  to the closet and got a small black blindfold to cover her eyes. He then walked
  over to her, and placed it over her eyes. After inspecting it to make sure
  that she couldn't see him, he pulled his hood off.  
He walked around the hanging X, and pulled the dildos free of her ass and
  cunt. He stared at the gaping holes left by the huge rubber phallus. He grabbed
  the large butt plug, that he had pulled out of the closet, and shoved the thick
  black plug completely into her ass, causing screams of pain from the tortured
  woman. He then shoved his rigid cock into her now much tighter cunt, feeling
  the pressure from the thick plug in her ass, pressing up against his dick.  
She cried out, begging him to stop, as she screamed in pain. He simply continued
  stroking his dick in and out of her cunt, watching the weights, that were clipped
  onto the clamps, that were mercilessly pinching her nipples cruelly, as they
  swung back and forth. She finally stopped her pleas for him to stop, after
  working herself into a coughing fit.  
He thrust his hips back and forth into her, making her rock even more back
  and forth on the frame. Finally, his cock erupted inside of her for a third
  time today. He loved it. He swung the X upright, and walked up to her face.
  The sudden movement had caused the weights to now drag her breasts down obscenely,
  as they swayed back and forth from the weighted chains hanging from her nipples.
  He looked at her pained face for several minutes, before glancing at his watch.
  He then kissed her passionately on the lips. She tried to pull away from his
  kiss, but after a tug on the chain, attached to her nipple, she turned her
  head back to his, and accepted his kiss. He continued kissing her for over
  five minutes, exploring her mouth with his tongue. After finally breaking his
  lip lock on her, he walked out of the room, never taking his eyes of her.  
She was freed from the &quot;X&quot;, but not before the two men, who had
  filmed the session, had used her ass for their own pleasure. She was then taken
  to back to room 0, to be cleaned up and prepared for her next cycle.  
One of his men, who had filmed Gianni's session, went to find Mr. Fass, to
  fill him in on the information obtained by Gianni's interrogation.  
Mr. Fass looked on with concern and fear, as Mrs. Baron was strapped down
  on table three, with a line of Masters already lining up to use her. If the
  information that she had told Gianni was true, it could represent a serious
  problem for him and his little club. He had already sent his agent out to gather
  information on Mrs. Barone's activities, and to find her Master's whereabouts'.  
Mr. Fass's men had found Debra's 'Master' at a downtown bar, with another
  man. The two had gotten quite drunk, and where bragging to the other patrons
  about their recent adventures with this married slut, and what they had forced
  her to do. Mr. Fass's agents had taken the men outside, and after a little
  unfriendly questioning, they discovered the entire story behind Mrs. Barone's
  ordeal. Feeling that they had gathered all of the pertinent information from
  the two men, they disposed of them in the alley right behind the bar, making
  it look like a robbery. It was well known that you didn't play games at the
  dungeon. The need for absolute privacy was a necessity for its high profile
  clients of political and business leaders.  
Any one who would resort to blackmailing a woman, a married woman with children,
  couldn't be trusted to not do the same against one of the other club members.
  These men had lied in order to make a few dollars off of the poor woman, and
  so their greed had led to their untimely deaths.  
Mr. Fass hung up the phone after hearing the report from his men. This couldn't
  be worse, she could ruin his little business venture. She had been telling
  the truth, which in and of itself was not necessarily all that bad. In fact,
  Mr. Fass had used such tactics himself in his younger days, before he had started
  his club. But never with such a high profile woman. After all, her husband
  was a columnist, who could bring down unbearable press coverage on his operation,
  if she ever told anyone. But that too could have been dealt with, however in
  addition to her husband, she also had a cop for a brother-in-law. His men had
  warned him of how tight knit the family was, and of just what type of a boy
  scout this Robert was.  
He regretted the need to hurt people, especially good and innocent people,
  but bigger concerns had to be addressed. He worried about leaving Debra's children
  motherless, and the father widowed, but he had limited choices considering.  
He made a call to friends in Vegas, to tie up any lose ends in their neck
  of the woods, and then checked to see where Mrs. Barone was now. She was half
  way through a private session with a valued Master, one that he couldn't afford
  offending. Taking note, it was her fourth such engagement since Gianni had
  finished with her.  
It was now early Saturday morning and he knew word of the trouble had already
  spread around his dungeon, by the quickly diminishing number of clients on
  the floor. He ordered the circle prepared for when Debra was finished with
  her session, and then sat back, waiting for the time to deal with the last
  of the loose ends.  
When Debra was finished with her latest abuser, she was drug out, kicking
  and fighting, to the circle. She immediately began protesting what was happening,
  insisting that she hadn't disobeyed a master. She was placed in the stocks,
  her ass thrust high into the air. She screamed out her innocence to anyone
  who would listen, begging not to be punished. Her protests grew even more desperate
  when she saw the three wolf-like dogs being led up to the circle.  
The dogs were walked around in circles around her three times. She watched
  the beasts with fear and trepidation. Her father had owned a large Doberman
  when she was a child, and she had watched the savage animal attack and maul
  one of the neighbors smaller more docile dogs and killed it. She had been frightened
  of large dogs ever since. Ray had always wanted a dog of his own, for the children,
  but she wouldn't allow it. She never told Ray her reasons for feeling that
  way, as simply saying no was enough.  
Debra had fixed her attentions on the dogs, scared to death being bound and
  helpless, as she was in front of them. She hadn't paid attention to the other
  man who had approached her from behind, until she felt the cold tube pressed
  into her ass.  
A large tube of compressed meat was pressed firmly into her ass, pushing
  in past the semen pooled inside of her sphincter. The cool meat was sank in
  almost four inches into her bowels and was left there. A second tube of meat
  was then slid deep into her cunt, with six inches inside of her cunt, and another
  six inches sticking out. The cool tubes making the semen that had been deposited
  in her orifices chill to the touch of the tubes.  
Debra watched scared stiff, as tears ran down her cheeks, but unable to make
  a sound, she was so afraid of the dogs. Her heart stopped, as one of the dogs
  was released from his collar, and allowed to move freely. It took the animal
  only seconds to disappear behind her.  
Her throat was in knots, as the beast took its first bite of the meat which
  was stuffed into her cunt. The tubes had been designed to shred away when the
  dogs bit into them, leaving small chunks of meat inside of her body. The dog,
  hungry as it was, began licking up the scraps of food with its tongue. The
  rough coarse sandpaper like tongue began lapping the food from her most private
  of places after cleaning the scraps that had fallen to the floor.  
Once the first dog had buried his snout into her cunt, the second dog was
  released, and he immediately went to her ass, and began chewing on the meat
  lodged there. With only a small growl from the first dog, the second dog began
  lapping up the meat from inside of her ass. Debra was in shock as she felt
  the wicked beast now eating from the orifices of her body. Her eyes still fixed
  on the dog in front of her, who was now pulling at the leash holding him anxious
  to eat himself.  
Debra trembled, as the two animals began licking the food from within the
  most sacred parts of her body, terrified by the ordeal. She had now closed
  her eyes, scared to look directly at the animal at her face, as she fought
  to deal with the mixture of fear and pleasure sweeping over her. Then she felt
  another cold tube of meat pressed to her lips.  
&quot;Open up, and take this into your mouth. Then bite down softly on it,
  and make sure that you keep your mouth open slave.&quot; she was told, as the
  meat was slid into her mouth. As soon as she had done as ordered, the third
  dog was released from his leash.  
The dog approached Debra's face, and bit down on the tube of meat protruding
  from her lips. He touched the lips of his snout to hers. He too began lapping
  the meat from the cavity that her open mouth made. She lay there bound to the
  stakes, with dogs lapping meat from her ass, cunt and open mouth, as she trembled
  with fear. The beast at her cunt now had his nose pressing against the portals
  of her pussy, and his tongue three to four inches inside of her cunt, his coarse
  tongue rubbing the walls. The sensations were overwhelming, and Debra was in
  a living hell. She wanted to die, as she felt the tongue rubbing against the
  sensitive walls of her cunt, driving lusty shocks through her nervous system
  and up to her brain.  
She heard the comments being made and opened her eyes to see the gathering
  of spectators to watch her defilement. She heard someone say that she made
  a good doggie dish, and someone else commented on how she was a true animal
  lover. She closed her eyes again, as a growing embarrassment filled her with
  despair, as she trembled with fear.  
She would open her eyes every few seconds, as the warm breath of the dog
  eating from her mouth exhaled into her face. His breath made her want to vomit,
  as bad as her predicament was, she felt it was getting worse, as her body began
  to react to the animal's attentions. The raw meat in her mouth was foul tasting
  on her tongue, and her tongue had been lightly bitten once by the dog, when
  she tried to use it to shovel the meat into the animal's mouth. But the dogs
  now licking the contents from her cunt and ass, had begun licking her to the
  verge of orgasm.  
She felt her mind drifting, as her attention would grow fixed on the rubbing
  tongues inside her body. She tried to focus, to stop herself from feeling this
  way, but found that she couldn't pull her mind from the haze of pleasure sweeping
  through her body, no matter how disgusted she was by what was being done to
  her. She fought to regain her composure, but she couldn't get a handle on her
  feelings, as the sand paper like tongues licked deep inside of her body, looking
  for every last scrap of food.  
The dog eating her cunt out had finally decided that he would find no more
  food there, and began licking the oozing sex juices from her skin. Just minutes
  later, the dog eating from her ass had finished as well. The two dogs callused
  tongues had driven her to the edge of an orgasm, before they had finished.
  She was repulsed by the feelings surging through her, and groaned from the
  animals unnatural touches on her most sensitive of spots.  
She grimaced in shame, as she looked into the animal's eyes, as he buried
  his tongue into her mouth. The strange raw meat was disgusting to taste, and
  now she was sharing her mouth with the dog. She felt lower than dirt.  
The dog in front of her face finally finished eating the food from her mouth,
  and now it began licking the dried cum from her face and chin. She hadn't seen
  the dog who had eaten from her ass pulled away from her. She had all but passed
  out from exhaustion, when she felt an animal behind her, climb onto her back.  
It was only a moment before the massive doggy dick began pressing against
  the opening of her cunt. The dog at her face was pulled away and leashed, as
  the dog behind her began thrusting into her cunt with vigor.  
She briefly screamed &quot;NO&quot; several times, but quickly gave up, under
  the jackhammer-like pounding that the dog was delivering to her pussy. She
  had trouble just breathing, as the animal pistoned in and out of her at a rapid
  pace, much faster than any man had ever fucked her. The pain of the assault
  quickly subsided to a dull ache, as time passed. She was swept away in sorrow,
  under the assault of the animal, as she kneeled there in a daze, thinking gratefully
  that the animal had bottomed out, though not realizing that he was simply working
  his knot into her.  
The ache of his assault had slowly turned to pleasure, and she now feared
  that she would succumb to the beasts pounding, with a mind numbing orgasm,
  right in front of all the people looking on. She heard the gathered crowd now
  insulting her, calling her a dog slut, and a bitch in heat. They laughed and
  joked about how much she was obviously enjoying the good fucking that she was
  receiving.  
She knew that the worst part was that it was true, that she was enjoying
  the fucking that the dog was giving her. She was ashamed at the lustful way
  that she was responding to the dog's powerful, rapid thrusts into her cunt.
  The dog ravaging her had found a spot that she never even knew existed. It
  seemed to know just where and how to rub her clit, to get her body to respond,
  and the harder that she fought to stop her reactions, the greater they became.
  She was ashamed of herself, as she heaved heavy breaths, and moans of pleasure
  escaped her mouth, from the relentless pounding she was getting. She shuddered
  under the animal, as she felt wave after wave of pleasure rack her body, as
  the dog kept up its fast pace. The spectators in the room had not missed her
  reactions either, and continued to heckle her, as she tried desperately to
  regain control over her mind and body.  
The jackhammer pace of his cock had taken her back to the edge of yet another
  orgasm. She rolled her eyes back, knowing that she was on the verge of a massive
  orgasm, but desperately didn't want to have one, while she was being taken
  by an animal, and especially not in front of all these people. She did everything
  that she could think of, to hold off her climax.  
He continued his jackhammer pounding of her cunt, until finally his knot
  forced its way past her stubborn cunt lips. When his knot slipped into her
  cunt, after painfully stretching her pussy's sphincter, Debra thought that
  she would die. She felt sure that she had been split in two by the savage beast
  now assaulting her. He pumped his doggie dick into her three, maybe four more
  times, securing his position inside of her, and tying himself into her, before
  suddenly becoming still, as he let loose his seed inside of her.  
He had now begun jetting stream after stream of watery sperm inside of her
  cunt. The release of his semen had been the last straw, and she slipped past
  the brink, moaning loudly, as a massive orgasm swept over her.  
&quot;Oh GOD!&quot; she screamed in a husky voice, as the sickening warmth
  spread throughout her loins. She was disgusted by her own actions, she refused
  to admit that she had received any enjoyment from this simple physical experience,
  but her body betrayed her mental disgust with her situation. But even as her
  mind screamed for it to be over, her body had responded in the most intimate
  of ways.  
The room erupted into laughter and cheers, as she tossed her head back in
  orgasmic bliss. She was disgusted by the cheers and jeers of the men now critiquing
  her every move. She hated herself, for allowing this animal to bring her to
  a new physical high, a pleasure so intense, that she had never experienced
  anything like it before in her life, with any of the hundreds of male partners
  she had mated with.  
She realized minutes later that the dog's movements had stopped completely.
  Although he had tried unsuccessfully to pull out of her, his knot was now too
  big to be pulled out of her, which drew raucous laughter from the assembled
  crowd. As he stood over her, his knot stuck inside of her cunt, all she could
  do was to kneel there, blushing heavily.  
After what seemed like an eternity, he finally tried to pull free again,
  but the bulge of his knot was still too big to be pulled out of her body. Twenty
  minutes passed, before he was finally able to pull his now shriveled cock,
  and still sizeable knot, free of her still sucking, massaging cunt. As a further
  embarrassment, it came out with a loud, sucking POP. As his cock pulled free
  of her cunt, she screamed out a painful, mournful wail of agony, as the knot
  was still quite large.  
Mr. Fass watched sadly, as the next dog was led up to her back side. It was
  truly a shame, when he first learned that her master wouldn't be back for her,
  he had hoped to keep her here, as one of his own slaves. But not now, with
  her well known columnist husband, and her brother the cop, he didn't need that
  kind of grief. What a waste of a good woman, and a chance at some very good
  profits.  
As the second dog mounted her, while she sobbed in humiliation, Mr. Fass
  was informed that he had an urgent call from one of his founding members. He
  stood up and walked back to his office, listening to Debra's hoarse cries of
  pleasure.  
Chapter 14  
Debra was brought back to consciousness for the third time, by a bucket of
  ice cold water being dumped over her sweat and tear streaked face and head.
  She had now been ravaged by the three dogs five times, one right after the
  other, without any rest. Twice one of the dogs had tied with her, giving her
  some momentary peace, as the animal waited to free itself from her tight cunt.
  The streams of watery doggie sperm running down her thighs had grown cold,
  giving her chills, as she endured the torturous abuse of the beasts.  
She was in a state of shock, disgusted and repulsed by what she had been
  put through, and worse, by the way that she had appeared to respond so enthusiastically.
  This was the worst thing that she could have ever imagined happening to her.
  She felt so drained, both physically and emotionally, that she could barely
  lift her head, as the men sitting out in front of her were still taunting her,
  slinging new insults at her. Several of the comments had caught her attention,
  and struck even more fear in her heart. Someone had said that she was getting
  the fucking of her life, since this would be her last day on earth. Another
  commented on how he loved watching a slut getting fucked to death. These two
  comments stuck in her head the most, but they where simply two of many seeming
  to indicate that she was in mortal danger.  
Up until then, she had almost wished for her own death. Prior to her very
  real fear of being killed, she had thought of death as a swift end to this
  torture. Now feeling that she was facing it so imminently, she wanted nothing
  more than to live. She wanted to return to her family, or at least to see another
  sunrise, or the smile on her children's faces. She begged to the room while
  conscious, to free her. Promising to do anything they wanted, swearing to be
  completely obedient to their whims.  
Her heart raced, as she pleaded with anyone within ear shot. She wanted so
  much to return home to see her young sons grow up to be men, to witness her
  daughter's marriage or graduation. She would plead and beg, and then cry and
  eventually pass out from exhaustion. The cycle had gone on seemingly endlessly,
  for how long, she could only wonder. She had been brought to sexual bliss seven
  times during the cycle, but just because her body had been flooded with such
  bliss, and such erotic pleasure, that her mind had not enjoyed even a moment
  of pleasure from it.  
The 2nd dog had just finished and she hoped that it was over, when she felt
  someone at her side. She tried to twist her head and see what was happening,
  in fear of what would happen next to her. She saw a young woman kneeling down
  below her, and then felt the cool liquid being placed over her left breast,
  coating it completely with a thick gooey substance. She then moved to the right
  breast and did the same thing to her other breast. The longer that the goo
  stayed on her chest, the more heat that it generated, causing her skin to burn.  
She cried and begged to have the substance wiped off, but her pleas fell
  on deaf ears. She was in agonizing pain from the burning stuff coating her
  chest, and she tossed her head from side to side, crying in pain. She then
  felt a bowl of some freezing substance pressed onto her chest. She was torn
  between the burning substance, and freezing cubes, now pressed against her
  chest.  
She then felt a long thin ice tube placed at the entrance of her ass. The
  cock shaped tube had been cut and measured to fit completely inside of her
  anal passage, and was quite thick to boot. She screamed in terror, as it was
  slid into her anus. The woman pushed the final inch in past the bud of her
  sphincter, and then stuck her finger in an inch as well, ensuring that the
  icy dick was deep inside of her ass.  
She tried desperately to push the ice out of her ass, to relieve the pain
  of the freezing cock. She pushed with all of her might, but the muscles of
  her intestines seemed frozen or paralyzed. She was unable to force the icy
  cock past her anal bud, in order to expel the freezing phallus. She could feel
  the ice melting inside of her ass, causing indescribable sensations, as the
  chilling fluid drained from her bowels. She cried out again, begging for help.
  But she was left bound, with the cubes of chilled meat dangling from the gooey
  meaty grease coating her chest, and an icy cock melting in her ass, when the
  third dog was released to mount her for a second time.  
He had been well trained to breed with human bitches, and went to work immediately.
  His massive cock slid in easily to her well stretched out and well lubricated
  cunt. He slipped in his entire length in on his first jack-rabbited thrust.
  The combination of his warm cock touching the walls that divided her cunt from
  her freezing bowels was unbearable. It sent waves of pleasure through her nervous
  system, unlike any she had ever felt before.  
Once the dog, the best trained of the trio, had found a good angle and speed
  inside of her, the other two dogs where freed of their leashes. The animals
  went for the meat that was essentially glued to her chest, their heated tongues
  began lapping the juicy strips on her chest. She was taken by this new sensation,
  adding to the others, as their coarse tongues ran over her sensitive chest.
  She moaned out loudly in pleasure, breaking her crying streak, as the multiple
  sensations over ran her nervous system, and had her kneeling there in a sexual
  haze.  
The comments from the peanut gallery persisted, as she fought back the feelings
  attacking her mind and body. Repulsed and disgusted as she was, she still felt
  a sense of sexual bliss wash over her. She had never felt such wonderful sensations
  before, as the pulsing riveting cock continued sawing in and out of her cunt,
  while the other two beasts dined off her breasts.  
The comments being slung at her barely registered anymore, as her mind tried
  to deal with the sensational overload of erotic sensations flooding her nervous
  system, as the most powerful orgasm of her life washed over her body. Her eyes
  had begun fluttering, as she screamed out in bliss, unable to hide her release
  from the crowd. She felt her juices flood her pussy, flowing over the dogs
  raging cock. He seemed to feel her heat, as his knot began to swell. The dogs
  nibbling at her chest had cleaned off all of the hanging strips of meat from
  her tits, and had begun taking small bites of the goo stuck to her chest. She
  would wince and yelp, at the small nips, but they too added to her body's overloaded
  sensations.  
She was trying to recover from her last mind numbing orgasm, when she felt
  another one building in her crotch, as the ravaging cock began forcing it knot
  inside of her cunt. She tried again to fight of the feelings now sweeping over
  her, but it too over came her. Her mind again swam in erotic euphoria, under
  the assault of three animals' tongues and cock. She inhaled deeply, desperate
  to regain control, even as her mind drifted further into a haze.  
The dog ravaging her with his cock had now worked his knot completely into
  her cunt, but the chill from the icy cock in her ass slowed him from releasing
  his seed into her. Even with his knot buried inside her, he continued his relentless
  pounding of her now quite sore pussy. Her cunt felt more sore and abused, than
  she would have thought possible only a week ago. It was pained by each of the
  180 to 200 strokes a minute that the dog was doing, as it pounded its long
  thick cock, and even thicker knot, into her now well used orifice. Super sensitive
  to the touch, she grimaced through the pain, while still being overcome by
  the pleasure of the animal's organ impaled inside of her.  
The next orgasm was at least as intense as the second one, causing her to
  bite her own tongue, as she screamed out her release. The release of her juices
  over his organ, gave the dog the final stimulation that he needed to release
  his own seed inside of her. He howled out in victory, as he jetted stream after
  stream of his watery sperm into her already filled womb. The ice in her ass
  had by now all but melted completely, and she passed out, exhausted from the
  incredible orgasms that she had experienced. The dog stayed impaled in her
  abused cunt waiting for his not to shrink enough to allow him to uncouple from
  his bitch.  
Gianni had returned home, and immediately dubbed a copy of his tape with
  Debra. He couldn't bear to think of the tape getting destroyed by his VCR,
  and therefore, having a secure copy of it, was a priority to him. He was disturbed
  to find that he had no blank tapes, so he reached for the first video on his
  shelf, without a second thought. It was the recording he had made of Super
  Bowl thirty, and one of his favorite games of all time, but over the next two
  hours, he had taped over it, while he watched the tape of Debra and him. As
  he watched the erotic tape, he masturbated himself to orgasm twice more.  
He had received a call from someone claiming to be a friend of Mr. Fass's,
  who needed some work done immediately, and offered to pay him well for his
  trouble. Before leaving, he had returned the tape, labeled Super Bowl 30, to
  the shelf, and placed the original tape, labeled with the day's date, in his
  fire proof lock box.  
Mr. Fass had been on the phone for nearly two hours. At first, he was more
  than a little reluctant with Mr. Bradley's proposition. It was risky, and an
  unwarranted risk in his opinion, but Mr. Bradley was a powerful man in the
  city. Mr. Fass not only respected him, but needed his power, to keep the club's
  activities quite. The negotiations had taken more time than either man would
  have liked, but in the end, Mr. Fass was satisfied that he could live with
  the arrangements, as apparently so would Mrs. Barone. Three men had now lost
  their lives over the incident, and that was enough blood shed for him. His
  men and contacts had apparently gathered all the film, videos, and photo's
  of Mrs. Barone's activities from the beginning of her being blackmailed, and
  they would be transferred to Mr. Bradley.  
Mr. Fass listened to the final stipulations of the arrangement, as he watched
  on one of his security monitors, the 55 gallon bucket of acid being wheeled
  out and placed next to the one containing the lime, near the incinerator. He
  had left the three men to be discovered by police, as a sign to those in the
  know, of what betraying him meant. He had planned to make all evidence of Mrs.
  Barone's being here, or her ordeals of the last week disappear. There was a
  fourth scum sucker currently being questioned by his men, but they hadn't seen
  any evidence of him in the videos or photos.  
He then glanced over to the monitor of Mrs. Barone. She was still in the
  circle. His men had begun to reposition her on the stocks, while the stallion
  was being led up to the circle. He hit his buzzer, signaling for his assistant
  to come into his office immediately, as he hung up the phone.  
Debra Barone had found a new energy reserve for her struggles, as she screamed
  out her protest. The horse being led up behind her bound position was sporting
  a two and a half foot erection, pointed right between her wide spread legs.
  She cried out loudly, as the men around her in the room cheered the horse and

  its trainer forward towards her. She was sure that this is what was meant when
  she was told that she would be fucked to death. Surely having that massive
  cock forced into her tiny body would kill her, just from its being thrust into
  her. The horse snorted its foul breath in her face, as he was guided over the
  top of her bound body. She screamed for mercy, begging someone to save her.
  The large, 8 inch round, cock of the stallion was rubbing up her leg, as she
  flailed about helplessly, hoping to be saved.  
She felt the horrible phallus moving up her leg, leaving a slimy coat of
  pre-cum coating her leg as it moved closer to her pussy. She was going to die
  with a horse's dick stuffed inside of her cunt. How had her life led her to
  this? She had so many regrets about the many things that she would miss about
  her children's lives. Her hopes and dreams for them were now so distant and
  wasted. She had continued screaming for help, even after the stallion had been
  led away from her, and taken away from the area of the circle. She continued
  pleading with anyone who was listening to save her, even as her arms where
  released from the stocks.  
She finally calmed down a little, as she was drug, as she was unable to walk,
  back to room O. She had been so drained from her hours of torture and rape,
  that her legs couldn't even support her own weight anymore. She was essentially
  tossed into a frigid shower, as the doggie sperm was sprayed away from her
  body. Thankfully she was given a most thorough cleaning, as her skin was scrubbed
  clean, between the two douches and enema's that she was made to endure.  
She was allowed to brush her teeth, as long as she liked, and took over twenty
  minutes doing so, but her mouth still didn't feel clean. She was then dressed
  in a thin black tube top and a micro-mini skirt. The skirt was so shirt, that
  she thought that it couldn't be worn without shaving before leaving the house,
  and by this, she meant more than just shaving her legs. They then helped her
  into sheer, thigh-high stockings. Her hair was expertly done again, and her
  make-up was applied in the least whore-like manner that it had been done in
  all weekend.  
She had been dolled up, much as she would have done by herself to go out
  on the town, to some place nice, other than she wouldn't have dressed so sluttily.
  She was made up, this time, to look very attractive. She was then shocked to
  have the cuffs cut from her wrists and ankles with a pair of shears. She then
  was taken outside to a darkened limo, and blindfolded, before the car drove
  off into the night.  
Gianni returned home to find that he had been burglarized. His fire proof
  look box had been taken, but other than that, he could find nothing missing,
  though the burglars had pried open his locked file cabinets, and destroyed
  the place, as if in search of something in particular. He was grateful to find
  that at least he still had the copy of the tape that he had made. It was in
  its box, which was now on the floor, with the rest of his videos.  
Mr. Bradley instructed the driver to just leave her on the bed in the guest
  room. The exhausted woman had passed out on the way over, and he had been unable
  to wake her up when they had arrived at his house. Mr. Bradley went off to
  his own bed, allowing Debra to get some much needed sleep.  
She awoke to find herself sore as hell. Her thighs felt like she had just
  run a marathon, while her ass and cunt felt like they had been fucked for days
  with a telephone pole. She could still feel both of them gaping open, as if
  the cocks that had fucked her, had just exited her body.  
Scared of what might happen to her next she pretended to be asleep for the
  next twenty minutes. She would toss and turn settle down and then wink a glance
  around the room. Finally confident she was alone in the room and unable to
  hold back the urge to use the restroom she got up and headed for the bathroom.
  The room was dimly let by the rising sun outside the window. She noted the
  beautiful furnishings around the room as she entered the bathroom.  
She found she was able to lock the bathroom door once she entered and noting
  it had no keyhole on the other side felt finally safe and having a bit of privacy
  for the first time in week.  
She took a moment and looked at herself in the long full wall mirror. She
  noticed how thin and fit she looked she must have lost ten or no twenty pounds
  she thought over the last two months. This week she had sparsely ate three
  maybe four times if you didn't count the gallons of seaman she felt she had
  swallowed. She could see her abdominal muscles and felt thinner than she had
  in years. She moved her hand down to her belly and lifted up the ring now centered
  in her navel. She then lifted her micro mini skirt and stared at the ring glittering
  in her incredibly sore cunt. She took note at that moment just how sore she
  really was. Her thighs showed some bruising from the hours of abuse she had
  received and the lips of her cunt where fat and puffy swollen from the ordeal
  she had been through.  
She felt so sore and tired, her arms, legs, and neck ached from the obscene
  positions she had been forced to stay in over the last few days. She moved
  the ring in her cunt and it sent waves of pain through her crotch. Seeing the
  opportunity she began trying to unscrew the ball holding the ring together
  it took her a minute to get a good grip with her finger tips but finally after
  causing herself great pain she began unscrewing it. She worked the ring out
  of her cunt's lip grimacing through the pain.  
She looked at the quickly closing hole left by ring and sighed in relief,
  Ray would never notice such a small mark on her lip. That was the moment she
  remembered the tattoo that had been placed on her ass. She quickly spun around
  and lifted the back of the skirt.  
Her ass was marked with small streaks from one of her many torturers and
  a large red patch glistening with Vaseline was visible but she could see no
  other sign of the tattoo. How could that be, God knows she felt the tattoo
  being applied even now her ass cheeck was sore from the inking. She lifted
  her ass trying to see what had been written or drew on her skin but found nothing.  
Relieved that again Ray would see nothing she looked at herself again in
  the mirror. She again focused on her tanned belly she began trying to work
  the ring from her navel. She tried as hard as she could to turn the ball but
  she just couldn't grip it. She finally gave up after five minutes of causing
  herself pain. She looked over her legs and arms she could find no marks from
  the many injections she had been given but felt no better about herself. She
  noticed her heaving breast still larger than the had been she was probably
  a full cup size larger than she had been before this.  
She would tell Ray the just looked bigger. She had lost weight. Yea she thought
  she could get back to her normal life again. She opened her mouth and began
  to unscrew the stud running through her tongue. She then relieved herself before
  bawling on top of the toilet as she relived the nightmare of the week in her
  mind.  
She finally pulled her hands from her lap and looking up she saw him standing
  there.  
Chapter 15  
Gianni had received a message to return to Mr. Fass's dungeon Sunday morning.
  He was scared, and called leaving a message he was sick. He knew that the break-in
  of his apartment was done for a reason, the only thing of any value taken had
  been the tape of his activities with Debra. He wondered how much trouble he
  was in, when the two large burly looking gentlemen came knocking on his door
  just an hour later. He had no choice, that much was obvious from the men's
  stern _expression.  
He was driven to the club and led immediately to Mr. Fass' office below.
  He entered the room, and immediately noticed the two beautiful women bound
  in the stocks behind the chair that he was instructed to sit in. Mr. Fass entered
  just moments later, carrying two newspapers in his hand.  
&quot;Hello my friend, I'm sorry to have to call you back here this way,
  but I'm afraid that we need to talk about a few things.&quot; he said as a
  Amazonian blonde dressed in only heels and leather straps around her chest,
  served him a glass of scotch. Gianni looked at the glass disapprovingly, as
  he took it from her hand, his own trembling with fear.  
&quot;Don't be afraid my friend, I mean no harm to come to you, but we must
  come to an understanding you and I.&quot; he said, motioning to the scotch. &quot;Please
  this is my finest 32 year old bottle, it would be a shame to let it go to waste.&quot; he
  added, taking a sip from his own glass. &quot;I'm sure that you know that it
  was my men who picked up the tape that I had given you. I'm sorry for the mess,
  but it was of course necessary. You see, you uncovered certain information
  from Mrs. Barone that I and my people were not aware of.&quot; he said, taking
  another sip.  
&quot;As I have told you before, my clientele are some of the most elite
  people in the city, and I have made commitments to protect them, as they have
  protected me. We work together to ensure that people with our discerning taste
  can come together and enjoy all of the benefits our power allows. We would
  do nothing illegal. Well, I should say that we do nothing illegal, unless we
  have to, we are forced to. We'll do what we must, to protect our privacy, and
  to ensure that the secrets of this club and its members remain secret.&quot; he
  said sliding the two papers across the desk to Gianni.  
Gianni looked at the circled headline on the front page of the paper. &quot;TWO
  FOUND DEAD IN ALLEY&quot; it said in bold print across the top of the page.
  The second headline said, &quot;MAN TORTURED AND KILLED.&quot; circled on its
  front page. Gianni's glass hit the floor, as he stared in shock at the papers.
  The message was clear, he knew that he was in serious trouble with the powerful
  Mr. Fass.  
&quot;Please, please, stay calm my friend, as I have already told you, I
  mean you no harm. But you must understand what it means to keep the secrets
  of this place. It means you keep them all the way to your grave. It is your
  choice how long that is. As I told you earlier, I went to great trouble to
  pick you to work here, and I'm confident that you can be trusted.&quot; he
  said, motioning for the blonde to replace Gianni's glass.  
&quot;Mrs. Barone was here against her wishes, this much you know.&quot; he
  paused. &quot;She was blackmailed and forced to work here out of a real fear
  of what would happen if she didn't. This is information that you coerced out
  of her, during your time with her, and I can assure you, that neither myself,
  nor any member of this club had anything to do with it. I have a policy of
  hiring extra help, and she came into this very office, and told me that she
  wanted to do this, and signed a contract stating the same. All she had to do
  was tell me what was going on and I would have helped her right then and there.
  She helped these men to deceive me.&quot; he said motioning to the papers.  
&quot;She is safe now, but she should have been honest to begin with. A close
  friend of mine has taken it upon himself to look after her. I am told that
  she will be home soon, and will speak of this to no one. I must make sure that
  you understand that that means no one. If you ever betray the secrecy of this
  place, you will be dealt with much the same way as these men were. Do you understand?&quot; he
  asked most seriously.  
He waited, as Gianni stared blankly at the headlines in front of him.  
&quot;I require an answer from you.&quot; he said sliding the papers off
  the desk top.  
&quot;Yes, yes of course, I understand. I won't tell a soul, ever.&quot; Gianni
  said, still in shock, his hands shaking vehemently.  
&quot;Good, I knew that you would understand. Take June here and relax, try
  to take your mind off these troubling thoughts, but never forget your obligations
  to maintain the secrecy of this club, and Mrs. Barone's indiscretions.&quot; Mr.
  Fass said, motioning to the nude beauty who had entered the room, and extended
  her hand to Gianni.  
Debra knew Mr. Bradley, as did everyone in New York City's corporate elite.
  He had owned the company, that owned the PR firm, that she had worked for,
  when she did the PR work for the hockey team. He had toured their office several
  times, and had taken Linda and her to lunch once. She remembered dancing with
  him once at a corporate dinner. Thinking back, she remembered thinking that
  he must be interested in her. But that was ten years ago, surely he didn't
  remember her now.  
&quot;Well Ms. Whalen, or should I say Mrs. Barone, would you please join
  me for breakfast? &quot; he said staring contentedly at her.  
Unable to speak, she nodded her head, accepting his offer. She self-consciously
  got up from the toilet, checked her appearance quickly in the mirror, as she
  washed her hands. Mr. Bradley's eyes never left her body as she walked out
  of the bathroom. She was surprised when he pinched her ass, as she walked by
  him, and jumped from the unexpected touch. Mr. Bradley followed her out of
  the bathroom, and motioned her out the open door of the bedroom.  
She was directed to a plain bland room, with a metal table and a white tile
  floor. He pulled a chair out for her from the table, and motioned for her to
  have a seat on a cold medal chair. She did as he wanted, and watched as he
  sat down in a high back leather chair at the end of the table. It took only
  moments before two woman, dressed as maids, brought in two carts full of food.
  Debra looked at the two older Hispanic women, wondering if they knew why she
  was here.  
The room was cold, and sitting on the metal chair caused a chill to run up
  her spine. She noticed that her nipples were dramatically poking out the thin
  black tube top that she was wearing, as Mr. Bradley sat there staring at her.
  He motioned for her to eat, as a plate and silverware was placed in front of
  each of them. The platters had been lifted, showing a virtual banquet of breakfast
  foods; sausage, eggs, pancakes, muffins, waffles, fruits, and biscuits.  
She immediately felt a wave of hunger wash over her from the sight of the
  food and quickly stocked her plate. She had shoveled in a half dozen mouthfuls
  of food hungrily, before she noticed that Mr. Bradley hadn't even looked at
  the food, his eyes were focused right on her chest, and in particular her nipples.  
She paused, and looked at him a puzzled look on her face. She swallowed the
  food in her mouth, and waited for him to do or say something.  
Mr. Bradley gazed at her, remembering how young and vivaciousness she had
  looked a few years ago. Now she had a different look to her, still sexy, but
  more maternal, for lack of a better word for it. She looked domesticated and
  suburban. Her years as a wife and mother were obvious in her face and eyes,
  she was strangely erotic to him. She looked at him with a sense of fear and
  nervousness in her eyes.  
He reached out and took a drink of orange juice, telling her to &quot;eat&quot;.
  She returned to cramming her mouth full of food, as fast as she could swallow.
  He knew all about her ordeals of the past week, and knew how hungry she must
  be.  
He sat and watched her feast on the food for twenty minutes before she finally
  seemed to slow her pace down. He clicked the button of the buzzer in his pocket
  and began to speak.  
&quot;You know who I am, don't you?&quot; he asked.  
She answered by nodding her head, as her mouth was still full of food.  
&quot;Do you remember when we met Debra?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Yes, you owned the agency. Um, you stopped by the office a couple of
  times, and we danced once at one of the company dinners.&quot; she said, swallowing
  a mouthful of food.  
&quot;Yes, yes you remember. I took you and Linda, oh I forget her last name
  now, to lunch.&quot; he said, as she nodded her head in acknowledgment. &quot;Did
  she ever tell you about what happened that evening?&quot; he asked.  
Debra shook her head no.  
&quot;Oh well, I'm sure that you figured it out. How else do you think she
  got promoted so quickly. All the meetings she attended at the main office.
  You're a smart girl Debra, I'm sure that you can put two and two together.&quot; he
  said, as she continued to shake her head no.  
&quot;Yes, I'm sure that you can put it all together. She pleased me, and
  I took care of her. She helped me land some big contracts, and I took care
  of her. She got the message Debra, the same message that I sent you, that night
  at the dinner, when I asked you about getting ahead. You're not that naive,
  as to not know what I meant, are you?&quot; he asked chuckling.  
She continued shaking her head no, thinking back to that part of her life.
  She had seen the signals, but thought that she was imagining things. The office
  talk of bagging clients by &quot;bagging clients&quot; was just talk, wasn't
  it? She couldn't imagine Linda doing anything so cheap, but now she guessed
  that she was wrong about that too.  
&quot;I gave you every opportunity for advancement, but you never took that
  next step to greatness. You could have been one of the tops in your field with
  my help, but no, you just ignored me. Well now what have you made of yourself,
  a mother to three brats. A wife to a pencil dicked hack of a husband, whose
  idea of writing is generally seen in the scribbling's of a twelve year old.&quot; he
  scolded her, as she frowned at his harsh words.  
&quot;You acted so prim and proper, but deep down, your just a damn slut.
  I mean here we have your college activities chronicled on tape. You and my
  people tell me 34 different guys, between the ones on the tapes, and the ones
  in the pictures. Then there was your other boy friends, the ones that we have
  documented here in you diary. Boy you better hope that you paranoid husband
  never finds this!&quot; he said, holding up her diary from years ago. &quot;It's
  probably best if I keep this for you. You talk about six other boy friends
  that you got friendly with, plus the stranger that you met in the Big Easy.
  So you tell your hubby about your flashing at Mardi Gras, but not about you
  fucking, huh?&quot; he asked, flipping through the pages.  
She couldn't answer, as she sat there in shock from his harsh words. She
  had never heard him speak like this before, but then again, she didn't really
  know him, she thought.  
&quot;Shit girl you're the biggest whore I'll have working for me, you fucking
  slut.&quot; he laughed, as he pointed to the TV sitting across the room from
  her. The screen flicked on, showing her in her bedroom, wearing a small skirt

  and a white silk scarf. It was the night she had role played for Ray! He was
  the airline captain, she the stewardess, he began speaking in his stupid accent
  as she rolled her eyes. The screen then flicked to the two of them naked on
  the bed, the covers had been kicked down, and you could see Ray's flabby back
  rippling, as he pumped his pathetic cock inside her, giggling at his own juvenile
  jokes, as he lived out his fantasy.  
&quot;First let me say, what a fucking putz you've married. Really Deb, you
  could've done better for yourself. Secondly, how jealous would the putz be,
  if he knew that you had lived out his fantasy?&quot; he said as the screen
  changed, showing her in the plane's lavatory, sucking a cock and making loud
  slurping noises, as she tried to please the man in front of her.  
&quot;Here you are, sucking the life from this guy, and your hubby's got
  to beg for a half-assed hand job from you.&quot; he said, as the audio of Ray
  begging for her attentions came from the TV. &quot;Boy you sure do like to
  bust old Ray's balls!&quot; he commented as the new audio of Debra yelling
  at Ray, as the video began jumping from scene to scene of her sexual debauchery
  from the past week. &quot;But you seem to lick all the other guys' balls slut.&quot; he
  observed, as scene after scene showed her doing just that, with multiple partners.  
Debra sat there, her eyes glued to the television screen, as she watched
  the quick thirty second clips of her activities over the past week. It was
  obvious to her, that several of the situations that she had been placed in,
  had been done so that the video could be shown on the Internet. Small tags
  were at the bottom of several of the clips, advertising this dot-com or that
  one. And all of the sites were very explicit in nature, XXXbang.com and others
  such sites scrolled across the screen. There was still unchewed food in her
  mouth, as her jaw dropped open, as she watched clip after clip of her performing
  the various scenes of depravity.  
Mr. Bradley got up from the table, and moved behind her chair, allowing her
  to stare at the scenes flashing quickly before her. &quot;I could have let
  this all be seen. I could have left you at the dungeon, you would dead by now,
  had I not interjected myself into your situation. Now, you are going to work
  for me.&quot; he said, moving his hands to her shoulders. You are going to
  fuck or suck anyone, and any way, that I tell you to. That is your only choice.&quot; he
  said smugly.  
&quot;You're being given a second chance Deb. You should have gotten the
  hints I gave you years ago. You can either do this, or go back to the dungeon,
  and finish fucking the farm animals. It's your choice, make it!&quot; he explained
  pulling her small body from the chair.  
He kicked the small metal chair out from under her, and forced her, face
  down, onto the food covered table. Bunching her thin tube top up under her
  heaving tits, she found herself pressed into the food on the table. With one
  boob in a plate full of sausage and bacon, and the other pressed into a bowl
  of eggs, Mr. Bradley slipped his cock into her unprepared, but well used cunt.
  He pushed her face down into the plate of toast, as she grunted in discomfort
  and sorrow.  
The tempo of his strokes increased, as his cock grew more rigid inside of
  her. He was now salivating, his drool dripping on her back, as he viciously
  rammed his cock inside of her cunt.  
&quot;You're a better fuck than Linda ever was! I knew you would be. You're
  such a slut. I love the feeling of stuffing my cock inside you, you fucking
  whore.&quot; he said hatefully.  
He pulled his cock free of her cunt, lifted it the few degrees necessary
  to push it into her ass.  
She cried out &quot;No!&quot;, as he pushed his impressively huge cock into
  her incredibly sore ass.  
Mr. Bradley just laughed at her cries of protest and pain, as he pushed his
  cock even more harshly into her tight, unlubricated passage. He took his hand
  from the back of her head just long enough to grab a sausage, and stuff it
  into her mouth, before again smashing the side of her face into the toast.  
&quot;Suck that sausage you whore!&quot; he said, now pistoning away at full
  speed, into her ass.  
Chapter 16  
Debra was in complete disbelief of her situation, as she felt her face being
  rubbed back and forth over the lightly toasted, and well buttered bread. Her
  body continued rocking back and forth on the food, covering the shiny cold
  metal table. Her flailing arms had knocked over a pitcher of maple syrup, and
  her stomach was now coated in the sticky goo.  
"Oh yeah!!!! I've even got some jobs already lined up for your fine little
  ass." Mr. Bradley said, again dripping his saliva onto her back. "You know,
  I think you'll close some really fine deals between these legs of yours." he
  added hammering his prick into her sore and abused ass.  
After several minutes of rapid pounding, he stopped, his cock buried in her
  ass to the hilt. Debra didn't move under him, expecting to feel the release
  of his sperm in her ass at any moment. He pulled his cock almost free of her
  sphincter, and then rammed it all of the way back in violently. He then again
  slowly withdrew his cock again, before repeating the process over and over,
  again and again. His pace continued to increase with each painful thrust. Her
  ass was unbearably sore already, and his painful thrusts felt like tearing
  daggers, slicing her tender ass hole apart.  
The pain began causing tears to streak down her face, as she again dealt
  with yet another assault. As his pace continued to increase, he missed on one
  of his strokes, and stabbed his cock into the skin around her pulverized anal
  eye. She screamed in pain, as he tried to jam his prick back into her ass.
  As she screamed in pain, he took a hold of her tossing head, and pulling her
  by her hair, brought her head up to his own.  
"Scream Deb! Scream for all that you're worth. There is plenty more where
  this came from slut!" he said, laughing in her ear. His hand now twisting her
  hair about painfully, as he violently forced his cock deep into her ass. "You're
  mine! Say it Debra, tell me that your mine. Tell me that you're my slut." he
  screamed, violently jerking her hair.  
"I'm your slut! Oh god, I'm your slut! Ouch!!" she screamed back at him,
  in pain.  
His seed erupted into her bowels, as he let out a howl of dominance over
  her. Before his ejaculation had ended, he had pulled his cock free of her ass,
  pulled her from the table, and forced her to her knee's, where he quickly thrust
  his still pulsing rod into her open mouth.  
"Eat shit Deb. Your own shit that is." he said, coming down from his own
  climax. "Clean it off!" he screamed, when she made no movements on the cock
  in her mouth. "Fucking lick it clean slut!" he commanded, twisting her hair
  in his hand.  
Debra had become all too familiar with the flavors of the juices that she
  now tasted in her mouth. Although still disgusted by the taste and the smell
  of it, it was more the conscious thoughts that caused her stomach to turn,
  than the actual physical act of sucking his shit covered cock clean. She ran
  her tongue around his prick, as she sucked the juices from it, making a loud,
  lewd slurping noise, as she worked on it voraciously. Mr. Bradley looked down
  at his new acquisition, and thought of how strange it was.  
In fact, she was older, and not as attractive as the woman that he was now
  using in his business dealings. If it not for the fact that he always felt
  like she was the little fish that got away, he probably would have left her
  in the dungeon. He had dropped the hints, and had others like Linda give her
  the hints. But she had been oblivious to them.  
Mr. Bradley was a man that got what he wanted, and he had wanted Debra. He
  was a little disappointed when she hadn't fallen all over him, but he hadn't
  pushed it, as he had bagged Linda instead. But once he had gotten his fill
  of her, he had instructed her to drop the hints to Debra. In fact, he had Linda
  and two other girls from the office tell Debra what she needed to do, to get
  ahead. But all Debra had done was to laugh them off. Then she met this Ray,
  and soon she was spending all of her spare time with him.  
He had moved on to other women himself, but always kept the image of Debra
  as the one that got away. She had been one of the few women in his life that
  he had lusted after, that he had not fulfilled his fantasy with. He then heard
  that she was the dungeon, and was on his way there, when he heard of the troubles
  that Mr. Fass was having over her not really being there willingly.  
He had wanted her for so long, that he feared that having only one shot with
  her wouldn't be enough, so he made a deal. He had bought her freedom, and paid
  well for it. The three slaves that he had traded for her, had been some of
  his finest, but as with all things, they where only possessions to be traded
  like any other commodity. While the business sense in his mind told him that
  he was making a bad trade, his other mind had plans of its own.  
When he felt that she had done as he had asked, he finally pulled his spent
  cock from her mouth. He then pulled her to her feet, bacon dangling from one
  breast, and eggs stuck on the other. He pushed her back onto the table suddenly,
  feeling hungry.  
Debra closed her eyes, feeling very sick, and close to vomiting. She now
  found herself lying on her back, on the remnants of the breakfast that she
  had been enjoying only minutes ago. Her back ached, as she lay on what she
  guess was a spoon and a plate in the small of her back. Mr. Bradley had begun
  to eat the food from her body, as she lay heaving underneath him.  
His tongue lapping the food from her skin was strangely erotic to her, causing
  sparks to shoot through her skin. His tongue lapping at the syrup, small nibbles
  on her skin, as he bit the food off her. She began moaning from his touch.  
He had dipped a sausage link into her cunt, before eating it in two large
  bites. He next licked the syrup from her belly, flicking everywhere at her
  skin, delicately touching her with his tongue's course texture. She lay whimpering
  on the cold table from her miserable position, and continuing agony.  
After several more minutes he finished his meal, having dined off of her
  body. Without bothering to clean himself up, or even pull up his pants, he
  moved back over to his chair, as she slid off of the table.  
"Take a seat slut." he demanded, in a cold uncaring voice.  
Debra took her seat, pulling the cold metal chair back to the table, she
  had also noticed that the monitor across from her was still showing scenes
  of her infidelities. She took a seat, and lowered her gaze from the monitor,
  disgusted once again by her actions.  
"I have told you already that I have gone to great trouble to free you from
  the dungeon, and the certain fate that you would have met there. You put the
  future of many people on the line, with your little escapade!" he told her,
  scolding her like a child.  
She looked up at him ready to correct him, to tell him that she wasn't behind
  any of it. But the look that she saw in his eyes, told her that it would only
  get worse for her, if she did.  
"Now I did this because I like you Debra." he said, a little more upbeat. "I
  also know that you're a hard worker, and will work hard to pay me back, right?" he
  asked her.  
She stared at him, imagining what he meant, and all the implications of it.  
"I'm right aren't I Deb?" he asked again, more annoyed now.  
"Yes." she replied, as she again lowered her head, not wanting to look at
  him.  
"You'll help me close some deals?" he asked, and paused, taking a deep breath "No
  matter what it takes, isn't that right Debra."  
"Yes." she again replied.  
"Good. Your only about six hours away from going home. You're willing to
  prove your commitments to me now, aren't you Debra?" he asked, again in a more
  sympathetic voice.  
Debra nodded her head, not able to verbally acknowledge him.  
"Look. I've gone to a lot of trouble, and expense, to make sure that I got
  back all of the pictures, videos, and computer disks, that they've taken of
  you. They show all of the shit that you've pulled behind your hubby's back
  this past couple of months. The men that 'worked' you over are gone. I have
  it on good authority that the dead will have to walk the earth, before they'll
  ever bother you again. I've done all that I can do to help you get back to
  your family, and try to live a normal life again. All that I'm asking of you,
  is a little reciprocation for my charity. However, if you don't wish to show
  me your gratitude for my efforts, then perhaps I'll just return you to the
  dungeon, and see what kind of a refund I can get for my investment. I'm sure
  that they can gather another crowd for your 'FINAL' show." Mr. Bradley explained.  
"No! No please! I'll do what you want, okay?" she replied, looking up at
  him with pleading eyes, "I'll do anything, just let me go back to my family
  please?" she begged.  
"I told you already, just do what you're told, and you're on your way home
  in six hours. Refuse and I send you back to the dungeon now. Who knows, maybe
  you can work out a deal there. I mean it's not like you would have a lot to
  lose at that point, you know.' he said, rubbing his thumbs together.  
"No I... I'll do whatever you want. I really just want to go home." she pleaded
  with him. "I want to help you, I do, to, ah, show my thanks for you helping
  me out, right?" she replied, trying to sound enthusiastic about it.  
"Really, well let's see if we understand one another Debra. As I told you
  before I've had trouble making you understand me in the past, so I want to
  make sure that we're on the same page." he said waving his arm in the air, "I
  send you home in a few hours you see the kids to sleep in your own bed, and
  enjoy your life, right?" he said, as she shook her head in agreement, as he
  spoke.  
"Now old Ray works five plus days a week down at the paper, from what,8 to
  about 7? Well that's okay, because you're busy with the kids, right?" he asked,
  as she continued shaking her head, happy to hear about returning to the life
  she knew.  
"That's what I thought. Of course, I understand the twins started pre-school
  at the church a few weeks ago. So you have about four, maybe five hours of
  free time, three days a week. Am I right Deb?" he asked her.  
"Yeah, that's right." she replied more apprehensively now, knowing that he
  knew her schedule.  
"Well you're gonna start going to the gym right after you drop the twins
  off. I already took the liberty of paying the next year's worth of day care,
  so that when they get out of pre-school, they'll go right across the hall to
  the day care, until you pick Alley up, and then them. Okay?" he asked, and
  paused.  
"Okay." she answered, trying to smile.  
"So you go to the gym down by the market, I have a membership card already
  for you. You go downstairs to the locker room, change into the clothes that
  I put in your locker, and then go into the office, right there in the locker
  room. It's a private gym, and no one you know goes there. I know the owner,
  and will make sure no one ever that you know will get a membership there. Anyway,
  you'll leave through the basement in the back, and pick up a different vehicle,
  that the owner will give you the keys to, and then do what you do best." he
  said with a smirk.  
"You close the deals for me, and I let you lead a normal life the rest of
  the time." he said, opening his arms graciously, "I may of course need to make
  other arrangements with you for special clients, but I know we'll work something
  out." he continued, and then waited for her answer.  
"Yeah, I can uh do that. I mean it would..." she paused, trying to find the
  words, "be what..." she took another long pause, "I mean it's the least that
  I can do."  
"Yes, I believe that's so." Mr. Bradley said, warming to her acceptance. "So
  you understand what is expected of you, in order for you to close deals for
  me."  
"Yeah. I understand." she replied passively.  
"And you're okay with that, as a way of paying me back for saving your marriage,
  family and life?" he asked, hoping to have her sound more willing.  
"Yes, I would, uh, like to show my, well my apperception for your help, of
  course." she replied, as yet another tear ran down her cheek, as she accepted
  her fate.  
"Really? Do you want me to trust you, to believe you?" he asked, standing
  and gazing down at her. Her top now bunched up under her tits and her skirt
  still bunched up above her hips.  
"Yes, you should believe me. I do want you to trust me. I just want to go
  home right now to my family, my life, as I haven't seen them in over a week.
  I'll do whatever I have to do, to get my life back, and save my marriage. Anything!" she
  replied desperately.  
"Well then, you had best prove it now. I plan on you closing some deals for
  me and you're going to start doing that today. I have had something come up,
  and you're perfect for it. You prove to me today that you'll do as you're told,
  and you'll be home just after dinner. I'll then trust you to go to the gym
  on Wednesday, like I said. If you fail me today, I'll send you back to the
  dungeon tonight, and ask for a refund. Do we understand each other Debra?" he
  asked her, pulling his pants up, and then zipping them.  
"Yes I'll prove it to you, I will." she replied, crying hopefully.  
"Excellent I think you should know that in showing that you will do what
  you're told and with whom you're told one of the deals you'll close today will
  be with someone of your acquaintance. I'll see to it that you identity is protected
  and they'll never need to know its you does this pose any problems for you?" he
  asked her his hands now resting on her shoulders.  
She hesitated as she quickly thought over her options or lack there of. "No.
  No problem as long as they won't recognize me." She said tearfully.  
"Good. Leslie prepare her." he said, as he walked out of the room.  
Debra was led out of the room by a tall blond wearing a leather corset. She
  was taken to the bathroom and cleaned up and bathed. She was clothed in a similar
  black corset, one that pushed her new, larger breasts up and out, putting them
  on display obscenely, and she blushed as she saw how obscene that they looked
  like this.  
After heavily applying a thick coat of red lipstick Leslie had her open her
  mouth as she held up a bottle of what looked like breath freshener.  
"This is a medical muscle relaxer that is used to keep the vocal chords from
  being damaged during surgery. I am going to spray some in the back of your
  throat it will keep you from talking, but should wear off in about three hours
  or so. I got to tell you it taste bad so are you ready?" she asked Debra.  
Debra nodded her acceptance, and Leslie sprayed three squirts down her throat.
  The liquid was vile tasting, and caused her throat to tingle.  
Mr. Bradley hand changed his clothes and entered his office. Sitting in the
  fine leather chair, Mr. Whalen was reading over the contract papers that he
  had been presented with earlier in the month.  
"Thanks so much for coming Warren. I know it was short notice, plus it being
  a Sunday and all. Look, I've heard about your separation from Lois, and let
  me tell you how sorry I am to hear about it." Mr. Bradley began in his boardroom
  manner, confident and secure.  
"Thank you. I was just on my way to Europe, so I thought it was best if we
  met before I left. I have looked over you offer, but we're just not looking
  to sell at this time." he said, tossing the papers onto the desk.  
"Warren, look I know you think I'm trying to come in and wrestle control
  from you, while your going through some personal issues, but that's not really
  how it is. I made you a good offer, and with open ended options. I assure you
  that it will be to your benefit to sell now, before the divorce, and she gets
  half of everything. I have already been approached by her lawyers, and she
  wants to sell. I'm only offering you the deal now, to prevent it from getting
  ugly later." he explained.  
"What? That bitch has already had her lawyers contact you! Why I should let
  her drown in that hot tub, that blood sucking witch!" he replied angrily.  
"Yes, but I'm not the only one she's contacted. Her people have talked to
  all sorts of other interested parties. In the divorce, she'll get half, and
  that she'll sell anyway. Once she sells, you'll lose your 51 percent interest,
  and your shares won't be nearly as valuable to other buyers, as you'll lose
  control of the whole thing. Let me help you now, and avoid the quagmire later." he
  said, pleading his case.  
"I can't believe that frigid bitch would do this. I just don't know. Let
  me think about it a little." he said, gritting his teeth in aggravation.  
"Europe huh? What's on the other side of the pond?" Mr. Bradley asked.  
"Women other than Lois. Maybe I'll find someone a little less, you know,
  than the misses was." Warren said, still fuming over his new found knowledge.  
What part of Europe are you going to?" Mr. Bradley asked, trying to work
  in his plan.  
"Amsterdam!" Warren replied, his voice playful with the answer.  
"Oh Amsterdam! I love the city more specifically the clubs. I have memberships
  to several that I could arrange for you to get a guest pass to, if you'd like." Mr.
  Bradley offered, just as friendly as he could. Warren first shook his head,
  then, as though having a change of mind, began nodding his head in acceptance.  
"You know that may be just what I need. It's been a long time since I...
  well it's been a long time anyway." he commented.  
"Really! Well then, perhaps I could interest you in a sample of my gratitude.
  I have someone here this morning, and she's really wanting to prove to me that
  she can get the job done, so why don't you interview her for me, and let me
  know what you think." Mr. Bradley said, opening the office door.  
"No, I really couldn't, it's not me, I mean, it's, uh, well I just can't." Mr.
  Whalen began to say.  
"Please look at her before you make up your mind, okay?" Mr. Bradley begged,
  as he led him from the room.  
Debra had been dressed as she had so many times in the dungeon. A corset,
  stockings, a garter, and heels. A collar had been placed around her neck, and
  then a leather hood was placed over her head. Her hair had been pulled through
  a hole in the back of the hood in a pony tail.  
Leslie had then taken the rings from her fingers, and put elbow length gloves
  on her. The hood fit over her head and neck, there was a large hole over her
  mouth and nose, to allow her to breath and use her lips and tongue. It zipped
  up in the back to close it tightly over her face. Their were eye holes so that
  she could see everything that was about to happen to her.  
Debra was then led to a room with a large round bed in the middle of two
  couches, on either side of the mattress. Debra was laid down on the bed, and
  Leslie instructed her to use her tongue. At first she wasn't sure what she
  meant, but then Leslie straddled Debra's head, her crotch above her mouth.
  Once Debra had began licking the other woman's crotch, she felt the blond begin
  licking hers. She was horrified by the description that Leslie gave her, describing
  her stiff lips and pulsing clit. The blonde told Debra how exited she must
  be, as she drove her tongue into the poor housewife twat.  
The door to the room opened, and as it did, Leslie spun to Debra's face on
  her knees. She told her to just keep licking her out, and if she doesn't make
  her come soon, she'll be sent back to the dungeon. She then returned to sucking
  Debra's stiff clit.  
"Here we are." Mr. Bradley said.  
"Oh my!" Warren said, seeing the two women licking each others pussies. "I,
  uh, I don't think..." he began.  
Debra's ears perked up. Of the voices she easily recognized Mr. Bradley's.
  The other voice she knew as well, but that couldn't be, she thought, wishing
  that Leslie wasn't sitting on her face, so that she could confirm her suspicions.  
"Please just watch the show, think about my offer, and if you decide to join
  in, just go for it. Leslie there is just seeing if Debra's up for the job." he
  explained.  
Leslie's legs closed over Debra's head, her thighs constricting over her
  skull muffling the sound's that Debra could hear.  
"Oh master, I think she'll need a good fucking soon." Leslie said, pulling
  her mouth away from Debra's pussy momentarily. "Debbie's getting quite excited
  from all of this."  
"I have a daughter named Debra." Warren said, enthralled by the show going
  on in front of his eyes.  
"Oh yeah, that's right. I forgot about that. Well, you can call her anything
  you want. Enjoy the show, and I'll talk to you before you leave." Mr. Bradley
  said, walking out and closing the door behind him.  
Chapter 17  
After only a few more minutes in the other woman's embrace, Debra found herself
  diving her own tongue at Leslie's clit. Leslie's expert licking of her own
  clit had driven Debra to the brink of an orgasm, and she was driven to do the
  same to Leslie. She found herself on the brink of an orgasm for more than ten
  minutes, as Leslie expertly kept her on the verge of a climax, without allowing
  her her release.  
Leslie felt Debra's heavy breathing, and felt her body trembling under hers.
  Debra's efforts hadn't gone unnoticed by Leslie either, who had orgasmed once
  already. She wondered how Debra had liked it, as she was known to be quite
  the gusher. She assumed that Debra had found it enjoyable, as she never slowed
  down, and was now close to driving her to a second, even more powerful climax.  
Leslie had kept a close eye on Mr. Whalen, who was now stroking his erect
  cock through his thin slacks. She lifted her head from Debra's cunt, and smiled
  at him.  
&quot;Debra would be more than happy to help you with that Master.&quot; she
  told him, clenching her thighs tightly around Debra's head.  
&quot;Yeah I'll bet she would!&quot; he said enthralled by the spectacle
  in front of him. He stood and walked over to the bed.  
&quot;Yes it would mean so much for both of us, and she really needs the
  release. And I know that you'll find that you'll like it very much yourself.&quot; she
  told him softly, lifting up onto her knees &quot;If you'll come over here Master,
  I will please you.&quot; she added passionately.  
Warren walked over to her. He no longer had any reservations about Mr. Bradley's
  offer. As soon as he was close enough, Leslie reached out and began undoing
  his pants. She undid his belt and then had his pants down to his ankles, followed
  quickly by his boxer shorts. His cock was in her mouth in less than 10 seconds
  after her disrobing him. She suckled his cock for a minute or two, while she
  helped him unbutton his shirt, and slip off his t-shirt.  
She let his cock fall from her mouth, as she leaned over and kissed him passionately. &quot;Look
  at me, hogging you all to myself. Debra will never forgive me. Here let her
  have a taste of you, stud.&quot; she said, as seductively as possible.  
Leslie stood up quickly, being careful to keep herself between Debra and
  her father. &quot;Get up get on all fours Deb, I've got something else for
  you babe.&quot; she said, as though the two women were longtime lovers.  
Debra rolled over, and climbed up onto her hands and knees. As she tried
  to look around the room, Leslie reached between her legs, massaging her engorged
  clit between her fingers. In response, Debra closed her eyes, and threw her
  head back in a lust haze, that prevented her from seeing that it was her own
  daddy who was about to thrust his cock into her mouth.  
Leslie motioned for Warren to approach her face, as she continued rubbing
  Debra's pussy. She leaned over and told Debra to &quot;open up&quot;, and without
  even thinking any more about it, she simply opened her mouth, as she had become
  used to sucking whatever was placed in her mouth over the past weekend at the
  dungeon. As the cock plunged into her mouth, Leslie moved around behind her.
  She bent down, pulling a tray out from under the bed, and quickly slid between
  Debra's legs, as she drove her tongue into her cunt.  
The cock drove deeply into her mouth, and Debra had opened her eyes several
  times, between minor orgasms, but could only see the man's belly closing in
  on her face. His cologne was very familiar to her, and coupled with the voice
  that she had heard earlier, it scared the hell out of her, as she suspected
  that the man must be her father. Finally, after several deep thrusts, the man
  pulled back and free of her mouth. He took a hold of her pony tail, and pulled
  her head up, and looked down into her eyes.  
&quot;Come on honey, that feels so good!&quot; he said, plunging his cock
  back into his hooded daughter's mouth.  
Debra was petrified, but instinctually she began sucking his cock, as her
  whole body now went numb out of the realization that the man using her was
  indeed her own father, even if he didn't know that he was about to fuck his
  own daughter. Leslie began driving her tongue back into her cunt, distracting
  her from reacting adversely to knowing who her latest 'lover' was.  
Debra was amazed at her father's endowments. Though she had never seen his
  naked cock before, she had overheard her parents having sex, and had even sneaked
  up to listen to them going at it, when she was a teenager, living at home.
  She knew that her father would always bring her mother to several loud, screaming
  orgasms, as they enjoyed marital sex, but now she had a better idea of why,
  as he sported a long, about 8&quot; in length, she guessed, and thick prick.
  While it certainly wasn't the longest, nor the thickest cock that she had to
  service over the past week of her sexual slavery, it was nevertheless substantial.
  She knew that there was no chance that she wouldn't cum, while he plumbed her
  depths, as they incestuously coupled, and was already ashamed of responding
  like a slut in heat, as he fucked her mouth, as she voraciously suckled on
  his prick.  
She was in total disbelief over what was happening to her. What was her loving
  father doing here, and why wasn't he home with Mom. Weren't they leaving for
  Europe today or tomorrow? Of course she had no idea that their marriage was
  on the rocks, and that they would soon be getting divorced, and she couldn't
  believe that her father was cheating on her mother.  
Leslie had dipped her fingers into an Oriental stimulant, and was now massaging
  it all over Debra's cunt, especially on her clit. After she felt that she had
  applied it sufficiently, she picked up a paddle and handed to Warren.  
&quot;Give her a few good swats to warm her up, before you take her for a
  ride.&quot; she instructed him, &quot;It will allow her to feel everything
  more intensely.&quot;  
He looked first at Leslie, then at the paddle, and finally at Debra's ass,
  which was sticking up high in the air, as if begging to be paddled. His first
  swat was gentle, and more of a test, than a true swat.  
&quot;No, get her warmed up Master! She needs it.&quot; Leslie said impatiently.  
Hearing the pleading in the blonde's voice, he pulled his arm back, and let
  loose with a powerful swat. He needed no more encouragement to show this whore
  how a woman should truly be treated. He had never been one to go gentle in
  business, or in the bed. This hadn't been his first marital indiscretion. Now,
  with his divorce looming ahead, he had taken enough gruff from women, especially
  his wife, and it was time to give a little grief, rather than getting it.  
Debra's eyes shot open in pain and surprise, as the wooden paddle came down
  hard on her bare ass. She almost gagged on her father's cock, in reaction to
  the pain from the swat.  
&quot;Who's your daddy Deb?&quot; Leslie screamed, as she watched Debra's
  reaction to the pain. &quot;Again!&quot; she hollered out, encouraging Warren
  to continue.  
Swat! Swat! Swat! three more powerful blows followed to her already abused
  ass. She was in a pain like hell, and combined with her emotional distress,
  gave her situation the most almost unreal of feelings. She felt like a little
  girl again, as her father continued raining blows with the paddle on her increasingly
  pained buttocks, and at the same time, like the lowest of sluts, as she continued
  pleasuring her own father with her mouth. She heard Leslie continuing to encourage
  her father by screaming &quot;Who's your Daddy!&quot; repeatedly, as her own
  father kept saying, &quot;How do you like that, you bad little girl!&quot; as
  he thrust his cock even harder and deeper into her mouth between swats.  
&quot;Okay. You've now got her warmed up. Its time to give her the ride of
  her life!&quot; Leslie encouraged enthusiastically.  
Without any hesitation, Warren pulled free of his daughter's mouth, and moved
  onto the bed behind her. She tried to pull away, as her father began to slide
  his cock into her cunt, but Leslie grabbed her pony tail, and pulled her back,
  keeping her in position, as her father unknowingly drove his cock into his
  own daughter's cunt.  
Warren took the handful of hair from Leslie's hand, and used it like a handle,
  as he pulled her head back to him with each inwards thrust into her from behind.
  Leslie, in the meantime, had retrieved a pair of weighted clamps, and applied
  one to each of Debra's nipples. The 8 oz weights dangled back and forth below
  her, pulling down on her nipples, and causing the clips to bite into them even
  more harshly, as she rocked back and forth under her father's powerful strokes.  
Debra's repulsion over what was happening, was almost unbearable, as she
  had tried to scream out for him to stop, but due to the throat numbing spray,
  that had frozen her vocal chords, the few sounds that she had managed to make,
  could never have been taken as words of protest. She kneeled there under her
  father's brutal thrusts, as Leslie directed him on what she liked.  
&quot;Pull her back to you by her tits!&quot; &quot;Yeah, grab that chain!&quot; &quot;Pull
  on them!&quot; &quot;Harder!&quot; &quot;Pinch her Nipples! She really likes
  that.&quot; in addition to many other suggestions for him, as he brought himself
  to a climax inside of his daughter's pussy.  
For all the shocking and terrible events of the ordeal, the worst had been
  her own reaction to her father's pounding. She had already been brought to
  a highly aroused state by Leslie's expert tongue, but between that, and the
  stimulant that she had spread all over her cunt lips and clit, it was impossible
  for her not to have a very intense orgasm, under her father's brutal thrusts.
  And even worse, she had two of them.  
Warren had reached below the busty whore, and grabbed the base of each metal
  clamp squeezing them tightly together. The pain was excruciating, as the metal
  clamps bit painfully into her tender nipples. He then tugged the chains and
  weights back towards his legs, painfully pulling her tits obscenely down into
  two perfectly shaped cones, as her nipples stretched out like rubber bands.
  She tried desperately to scream, begging him to stop, but as she tried to scream
  out &quot;Daddy please stop!&quot; the noise escaping her mouth sounded more
  like a dolphins squeal, and her father even thought that it sounded like squeals
  of delight.  
She had climbed that sexual peak twice, while her father worked to bring
  himself off. She hated herself for that, cuming as her father fucked her like
  some lowly whore. She was further distressed when she felt him spray his fraternal
  seed into her womb, as she didn't have any protection, and he could conceivably
  impregnate her.  
The groan that accompanied his release, brought further directions from Leslie. &quot;Come
  up here, and let her clean you up Daddy!&quot; she told him, as she helped
  Debra rollover onto her back. She had soon directed Warren into his daughter's
  mouth again, while she dipped her fingers into Debra's wet snatch, playing
  with her ultra sensitized clit again. She then took a finger, coated in globs
  of semen and juices from Debra's own sex, and slipped it into Debra's mouth.  
&quot;So how does Big Daddy taste Deb? You do like his flavor, don't you
  Baby?&quot; she asked, looking deeply into Debra's wide opened and panicky
  eyes.  
She then moved back down to Debra's crotch, slipping her fingers back into
  her freshly fucked cunt. She began moving her index finger between Debra's
  cunt and her ass hole, working her fingers deeply into each orifice. Debra
  lay there in panic, staring up at her father, the man who raised her and babied
  her. He had been so protective of her as a child, and yet, here he was, now
  stuffing his cock down her throat. She realized that he didn't know that it
  was his own baby girl who he was fucking, but still...  
Leslie had taken a generous coating of the stimulant, and placed it over
  her index finger, which she was working in and out of Debra's anal bud. Once
  she felt her finger finally sliding in and out easily, she worked in her second
  finger. Now with both her index and ring fingers spearing into Debra's sphincter
  she dripped an even larger glob of the stimulant over her buried fingers and
  began working it in the poor woman.  
Warren's attention had been drawn to Debra's now larger tits, the two huge
  mammaries had been pushed up obscenely, due to the corset that she wore, and
  her large erect nipples, clamped as they were, stuck out proudly at attention,
  on her tanned tits. He briefly looked into the girl's eyes, and for a moment,
  he thought that he saw some sense of recognition, but his train of thought
  quickly changed to the prone woman's naked body. He was obsessed with her chest,
  and soon he was sucking on her nipples, as though actually trying to draw milk
  from the large round melons.  
His cock had gone soft, but was quickly regaining its rigidness, as he suckled
  her nipples, while she continued to service him orally. Leslie had taken note
  of his regaining erection, and helped him to fully regain his erection by tickling
  his balls. When he was obviously hard, she began urging him to have another
  go at it, telling him that he still hadn't stretched her ass yet. She also
  encouraged him to maul her tits, while she got Debra's ass ready for him.  
Warren had dislodged one of the clamps on her nipples, and was biting on
  it, and had begun tugging on the other, trying to determine just how hard he
  would have to pull on it, to break it free of the nipple that it was clamped
  to. Finally, bored with her chest, he reached out and took the wooden paddle
  that was still lying on the bed. He smacked each breast several times, then
  turned his attention to her cunt.  
The first swat on her pussy caused her to try and close her out stretched
  legs, but with Leslie kneeling between them, this wasn't going to happen. He
  smacked her again and again, in short quick swats, holding the paddle just
  inches above her sensitive nether lips.  
Each strike of the paddle hit both of her lips. Engorged and aroused as they
  were, they were also flowered open, and allowed the paddle to make contact
  with her clit. The strokes sent painful shocks through her body, and up into
  her brain.  
It took twenty minutes of Debra's tongue skills to bring her father back
  to proper readiness, and as soon as she had him fully erect again, she was
  pulled over to the side of the bed, her legs spread wide, and pulled back and
  up in the air. Her ass was now at the proper elevation for being penetrated,
  and Leslie instructed him to stick his cock into her 'tight' ass.  
He actually pushed Leslie away, as he sawed his cock into Debra's ass, as
  she saw stars, the first strokes of her ordeal was so painful. Leslie came
  closer to the fornicating couple several times, but after he began to painfully
  pinch Debra's nipples, she gave up, and simply cheered him on from a distance.  
The pain of the anal sex that she was enduring from her father's cock was
  inconsequential to the humiliation of the incestuous ordeal. The ten minutes
  that it took for her father to fill her bowels with his seed, had allowed her
  the time to reflect on just how sick the entire taboo ordeal was making her.
  She wasn't surprised in the least, when Leslie told him to let her clean him
  off afterwards. She sucked the filthy fluids and licked the pieces of shit
  from her father's soiled cock, staring at him in disgust, as he again fondled
  her breasts.  
Leslie had tried to get him to go again, but he insisted that he was spent.
  She had offered to let him whip, spank, beat or bind Debra in any way that
  he might desire. But he still insisted that he was far too tired for any further
  activities with the two ladies. He thanked them both for their services and
  offered them money for their time.  
Leslie told him that wasn't necessary, and that it had been their pleasure,
  as she helped him dress. Debra just laid there, collapsed on the bed in complete
  denial of what she had just endured. Her father approached her when he was
  finished dressing, and pulled her face to his by her pony tail. He gave her
  a deep passionate kiss, burying his tongue into her mouth. He again expressed
  his thanks to the two women and left.  
As soon as the door closed, the one on the opposite side of the room opened,
  and six large black men came in, each holding his erect cock in his hand.  
Warren was met in the hallway by Mr. Bradley. &quot;So, what did you think?
  Shall I give her the job?&quot; he asked with a cocky grin on his face.  
&quot;Boy I'll say, that was the best I've ever had!&quot; Warren declared,
  unaware that he was speaking of his own flesh and blood.  
&quot;Excellent! Then she's hired! So have you given my other offer anymore
  thought? I know that I can arrange for similar entertainment at any of our
  future meetings. And they'll do whatever you like.&quot; Mr. Bradley said,
  hoping not to have to reveal the identity of his newest slut, but willing to
  do so, if it became necessary.  
&quot;Yeah, yeah, I have to screw Lois you know! I say let's do it. I think
  I'm looking forward to doing more business with you here in the future.&quot; Warren
  said, as his daughter began closing another business deal for Mr. Bradley.  
Chapter 18  
Debra looked up as she heard the second door open, her eyes went wide with
  fear. She had already been through so much already this morning, that she wasn't
  sure that she could handle anymore abuse or bliss. The several orgasms that
  she had been given by her father's cock had drained what little energy that
  she had, and now she was exhausted.  
Leslie greeted the men enthusiastically, telling them that Debra had just
  done her own father, and that they were getting sloppy seconds. The group of
  well endowed men didn't seem to mind however, as one of the men immediately
  walked up to her, and unzipped her hood. He pulled the leather off of her face,
  then gingerly stuffed his cock into her mouth. She bobbed up and down on the
  dick with as much enthusiasm as she could. She looked up as one of the other
  men pulled her left arm up, and placed her hand on his rigid cock. Then another
  man, sporting the largest cock of the group, guided her right hand to his cock.  
&quot;Smile Deb&quot; Leslie called, out as a flash popped in the room.  
Debra looked up to see Leslie behind a camera mounted on a tripod.  
&quot;I said smile! Now look over here and smile.&quot; Leslie told her,
  as she flashed another photo.  
Debra hesitated to smile at first, but then remembering her promise to do
  as she was told, and made her best effort to smile, while she sucked the cock
  in her mouth. She had noticed that the men had closed her hands over their
  cocks and were stroking them for her, but she was soon doing it on her own.
  She kept on sucking the cock in her mouth, while stroking the cock in each
  hand, as one of the other men began to climb on the bed with her. He moved
  in between the group of men, and worked his cock into her already well fucked
  cunt. The stimulant that Leslie had spread over her pussy was still wreaking
  havoc on the poor young mother, as she felt herself rise to yet another orgasm.  
Debra looked up and tried to smile around the cock in her mouth, with each
  of Leslie's request. After several minutes of her positioned like this, Leslie
  told the men to switch, and so they did.  
Debra was next pulled over to the lap of the man sporting the largest of
  the group's cocks, and worked herself down onto his massive tool, as he sat
  on the edge of the bed. Once he had established himself inside of her, one
  of the other men, who up to this point had only stood by and watched, climbed
  up on the bed, and stood next to her head.  
&quot;Suck him, and smile Deb.&quot; Leslie told her, as she snapped several
  more pictures of her obscene behavior.  
As Debra turned her head to take the cock into her mouth, the man whose cock
  she was currently impaled on, laid back on the bed. Two more of the men joined
  in, and the three friends on the bed climbed over to her on their knees. Again
  her hands where placed on the cocks, and after only a few strokes, to get her
  going, she was jerking them off like an expert.  
Snap! Snap! Snap! came the sounds of Leslie taking pictures of her. She was
  happy with Debra's performance, and with her willingness to follow directions.
  She had all but given up on directing the men, as they had now lost all control,
  as they began using Debra however they wished. She could still get Debra to
  look up and smile every time she thought that she had an interesting shot,
  but the men were now in it only to get laid.  
Debra had been tossed back and forth from one position to another several
  times, moving from one man's lap to another's. Rolled over and taken doggie
  style twice, and forced to stand on her head, as one of the men pounded into
  her, almost jack hammering her head into the mattress. She had eight more orgasms
  while she serviced the group of men.  
They had taken her in twos, threes, fours and fives even. She would find
  herself sitting on one man's cock and having another stuffed in her cunt with
  it. This all happened while she sucked a cock in her mouth and stroked one
  in each hand. Sometime during the ordeal she had lost the corset and was now
  covered in the sweat and juices of herself and her six partners. She had been
  brutalized by these men for well over three hours and worst of all she while
  mentally and emotionally hating every moment of it she had been aroused and
  enjoyed every touch and pinch of the physical ordeal.  
She heard them discussing what they were going to do to her, as she was again
  shifted into a new position, and was shocked when they asked if she wanted
  to. The men had wanted to double team her, having one man stick his cock into
  her ass, and then having another take her cunt from the front. In the week
  that she had spent as a whore, she couldn't remember anyone ever asking what
  she wanted, or if she was wanting to do anything really. Unfortunately she
  knew exactly what her answer had to be, and so she answered yes, that she would
  love to, wanting to make things as easy for herself as she could.  
One of the men the one sporting the most massive rod, moved to the edge of
  the bed. Debra was guided over to him, and then helped down onto his cock.  
He took several strokes in her cunt, and then asked if she was ready for
  him to stick it into her ass. She found her body had really enjoyed the strokes
  of his massive cock in her over stimulated cunt, and was surprised when she
  heard the pleasure oozing in her voice, as she cooed, &quot;Oh yesss!&quot;  
She was equally shocked to find that she was finally able to speak, now that
  the muscle relaxer had finally worn off.  
&quot;Okay honey.&quot; he told her, and helped her lift herself up off of
  his massive cock. Then he held her there, as she lined up his enormous cock
  with her anal sphincter. He asked her if she was ready again, she heard herself
  moan yes, and he lowered her onto his tool. She felt the massive prick penetrate
  her ass, as she held it in place, as she was lowered onto it. The initial penetration
  causing her to whimper, but after her rectum stretched to accommodate the freakishly
  large cock, she felt ripples of pleasure pulsing up throughout her body. He
  allowed her to bottom out on his tool, and then gently began rocking her back
  and forth on his massive organ. He kept this going for a minute or two, until
  Debra's labored breathing had slowed.  
&quot;Are you ready for the other one honey?&quot; the man in her ass asked
  her gruffly.  
&quot;Oh yeahh!&quot; she said, her voice sounding distant and labored, as
  she moved back and forth on the huge organ.  
As the second man neared her cunt, he also asked her if she was ready. He
  then asked her where she wanted to keep her legs, and was this comfortable,
  after positioning her? &quot;Does this hurt?&quot; he asked, and kept asking
  her questions, having her show her concern for her own comfort and willingness
  to proceed. &quot;You really you want to do it?&quot; he asked her, just before
  he slid his cock into her cunt. He thrust into her several times, before pulling
  all of the way out. His exit caused a disappointed sigh to leave her.  
&quot;Do you want me to put it back in?&quot; he asked, already sure of what
  her answer would be.  
&quot;Yes please.&quot; she answered, no longer having to think about how
  to answer.  
&quot;Ask for it then.&quot; he told her quietly.  

She didn't think twice, as she moved her head from side to side from the
  erotic pleasure that the cock in her ass was causing her. &quot;Oh please put
  it back in. Please!&quot; she begged, her eyes closed, and she was panting.  
&quot;Put what back in?&quot; he asked her, teasing the helpless young woman.  
&quot;Your cock. Oh please put your cock back into me, please.&quot; she
  begged, as her forehead crinkled, as the man inside of her ass, drove his cock
  up into her bowels, with a gentle thrust of his hips.  
Having asked for it so needily, she got it, and he slid his cock back into
  her cunt, and began sawing into her in earnest. She orgasmed again inside of
  a minute, as the two cocks slid in and out of her in unison, inside of her
  two passages. It took five minutes, but then the man in her cunt spoke, as
  he was ready to explode inside her.  
&quot;Oh baby, I'm gonna blow. Do you want to taste it?&quot; he asked her,
  now breathing heavily himself.  
&quot;Oh! Oh! Oh!&quot; was her first response, so he asked again, &quot;Do
  you want to taste it baby?&quot;  
Finally, she made a recognizable response, &quot;ye, yea, yees!&quot; she
  finally got out between the two men's powerful strokes.  
He pulled out of her cunt, and stood on the bed. He gently turned her head
  to face his cock, and told her to open up. As he did, another man approached
  her from the front, and asked her if she wanted a replacement. She mumbled
  something, and since it was close to sounding like a yes, he drove his cock
  into her still gaping cunt. She grunted, as the new cock penetrated her, and
  began to turn away from the cock at her face.  
&quot;I thought that you wanted to taste it, didn't you babe?&quot; the man
  standing at her face said.  
&quot;Yeah, Yeah.&quot; she replied in between pants, no longer able to concentrate
  on anything other than the cocks plumbing her depths.  
He again roughly guided her face towards his glistening prick, and asked
  her to open her mouth wider. She made an effort to open her mouth wider, not
  really thinking, as she was in a daze. His first stream went high, landing
  across the bridge of her nose. The second jet was more successful, half landing
  in her mouth, with the rest splattering on her chin. She finally opened her
  eyes, as the third stream jetted out, and landed on her forehead. She lifted
  her head in an attempt to try and catch the fourth stream, not wanting any
  more of the vile seed on her face, or in her hair.  
She had some success, as most of it sprayed into her mouth, but the rest
  fell onto her upper lip. He felt the end nearing, and pushed her mouth to his
  cock, slipping his cock into her mouth for the last several squirts of his
  seed. When he finally pulled free of her mouth, her tongue darted out and licked
  the cum from her upper lip. The truth was that she had done so, not because
  she enjoyed the taste, but because having the goo sitting there bothered her,
  but to the men, and to the camera, still taking shots of her slutty actions,
  it certainly looked like she couldn't get enough of the thick vicious fluid.  
She was rocked between the cocks again, until the man now in her cunt asked
  if she wanted a taste. However, since she was no longer in the throes of an
  orgasm, having come down from her sexual bliss, she nodded her head acknowledging
  her willingness, and apparent wantonness to suck some more sperm down. As he
  positioned himself at her face, another of the six men moved in-between her
  legs, while the man in her ass was still gently rocking her on his cock. His
  staying power was certainly impressive. Again she was asked to ask for another
  cock, and again she complied, though her response was now more tired and docile
  sounding.  
A fourth man had taken his turn in her cunt, and he too announced that he
  was ready to blow his load over her face. The man pounding the enormous cock
  inside of her ass finally moaned, and said that it was time for him to explode
  as well.  
She found herself pushed off of his lap, as she thrust her arms out, to keep
  her from falling to the floor. The man, his cock still inside of her ass, grabbed
  her hips, and began a forceful pounding of her anal passage.  
His gentle rocking was now a thing of the past, as he hammered into her sphincter
  with as much force as he could. He held her hips tightly, as he began stepping
  into each violent thrust. While she was being brutally anal fucked, she found
  her head being lifted, and a cock greeted her tearing eyes. It jetted a stream,
  sending it right up her nose. She began to cough, causing her partner to jab
  his cock into her mouth. Her body, now facing down, fought to swallow the vile
  fluid that was now surging into her mouth, before it dribbled out and onto
  the ground.  
The grunts that she was making between slurps of the cock in her mouth, were
  now those of pain, and not pleasure. The gigantic cock ripping into her body
  at top speed was causing her mind to blur again, from the rush of feelings
  flowing through her brain's nerve center. In the next five minutes, the pain
  of his assault had turned to something else, as she felt herself climbing the
  ladder of sexual bliss again. The man in her mouth had pulled away from her,
  and she was left alone with the huge cock pillaging her ass.  
She felt herself losing control again, and thought that she would lose her
  mind, as she began huffing heavily, trying to keep herself from hyperventilating
  under the constant pounding. She had her eyes opened, but couldn't see the
  men gazing at her glazed face, nor Leslie snapping off a steady stream of photos.
  Her eyes rolled back in her head, as the cock was driven into her rectum over
  and over again.  
&quot;You liken this now baby?&quot; she heard in her ear, and then she registered
  that it was the third of fourth time that she had been asked. She thought of
  her response, and as her mind tried to decide how to answer the question. She
  was amazed when she heard her own voice respond, &quot;YES! OH GOD YES!&quot; screaming
  out her reply in a sexy, husky voice.  
&quot;You like it rough don't you baby?&quot; Someone called out as she neared
  orgasm.  
&quot;Oh GOD YES!!!!&quot; she screamed out.  
You love to be talked dirty to don't you baby?&quot; some one else ask her.  
&quot;OHH YEAHHHHH!!!&quot; She cooed coming down from a mind shattering
  orgasm.  
Finally the monster whose cock was stretching her ass to new extremes pulled
  free of her ass and roughly pulled her face to his cock. She licked him clean
  her tongue cleaning the juices and feces from his enormous tool. She found
  herself on the floor as several of the other men exploded on her nude form
  covering her from head to toe in the seed she had been told to open up and
  she had. As she turned her head to each man as he spewed trying to get the
  seed into her mouth.  
She lay covered in cum and sweat exhausted from the ordeal as the men thanked
  her for the fuck. She was shocked to hear herself tell them &quot;No thank
  you. It was my pleasure.&quot;  
Chapter 19  
Debra was taken back to the room she had awoke in. She had spent four and
  a half hours servicing her father and then the other 6 men. She was grateful
  to be allowed to take a long hot shower spending 45 minutes cleaning herself
  before stepping out of the steamy stall. She wiped the steamed mirror down
  and gazed at her new body.  
Her focus was of course drawn to her now greatly enhanced chest. She wondered
  just what size bra she would need, for her newly enhanced mammaries. At first
  she had convinced herself that she could just tell Ray that she had lost some
  weight, thus making her breasts look larger. But as she stared at her naked
  body, she didn't know how she could have ever thought that that would work.  
Her tits had gone from her normal, natural 34-B's to at least 36-D's, and,
  even if Ray wasn't that observant, she knew that he would have to notice a
  difference that big. She gazed at her reflection in the mirror. her breasts
  had not only been enlarged, but the swelling had made them perkier too, and
  the small sagging that she had seen in them before, was now gone, as they stood
  out firm and proud from her body.  
She finally looked at the rest of her body in more detail. She had obliviously
  lost a considerable amount of weight in the week long ordeal. The constant
  sex plus the lack of rest, had caused her to drop at least 15 pounds, and her
  stomach had flattened out, looking more like she had in college. She noted
  her tanned skin hid whatever marks that she expected to find on her body, however,
  she noted that some minor bruising had occurred between her thighs, and that
  the lips of her cunt now splayed out from her pussy like puffy pedals of a
  large flower. Her wet slit was peeking out of the center of her thickened lips.
  She looked closer, happy to find no signs of the piercings that she had removed
  from her body earlier.  
The hickies and swat marks where all but gone, blending in with her now darkly
  tanned skin. She was troubled by the absence of any tan lines, wondering just
  how Ray would react to seeing her the way that she looked now. She couldn't
  believe the major changes that she saw in her own body. In addition to her
  stomach, she felt that her legs looked trimmer and more fit, than when she
  left. At least she had told him that she was going of to a health spa for a
  week of rest and relaxation. After giving herself a thorough inspection, she
  had to admit that she did indeed look better than she had when she left.  
She was amazed that after all that she had been through, that she looked
  so good. She had sort suspected that she look haggard, due to the lack of sleep,
  and would have had more tell-tale marks on her body, from her abuse. She inspected
  her ass, and other than feeling like her sphincter was still gaping open, like
  her cunt was, she couldn't find any real physical signs of her recent activities.
  She looked for her tattoo, but somehow it too wasn't visible. She knew for
  a fact that she had been tattooed, and wondered why anyone would bother to
  spend that long working on her ass, and not use any ink.  
She noted that her hair looked redder than she had ever colored it herself,
  and to her surprise, the skin on her face and chest looked smoother and softer
  than she remembered it having been when she left. Maybe all the jokes about
  sperm being a good skin lotion had some truth to them, she thought. She took
  some time and combed her hair, using some of that time to think about what
  she had done, and accepted her fate.  
She felt as clean and made-up as she could, before she left the implied safety
  of the bathroom, before going into the bedroom. She found all of her suitcases
  and clothes sitting on the bed. She was elated to see her own clothes, and
  felt some hope of finally returning home to some since of normalcy, to see
  her children and Ray. She looked through her bags, trying to see if anything
  was missing, but to her surprise, everything seemed to be in order. She pulled
  out some clothes to wear home, choosing some sweat pants, and a long sleeve
  sweat shirt. She dug out a bra, and was shocked to find that it fit her perfectly.  
She took it off and looked at the tag, and it was a 34-B. She looked it over
  and was sure that it looked identical to the bra's that she had brought along
  with her, but it was definitely wasn't a 34B. She noted that the stitching
  was over the top, and realized that someone had removed the original tag, and
  stitched in a new one. Well, she thought that she could still try to convince
  Ray that it was all just his imagination, remembering that she had fought with
  him once when he had suggested that she get a breast augmentation surgery,
  and hopefully he would still be too scared to bring up the subject. She finished
  dressing, happy that she looked almost normal, her new larger breasts not obvious
  under the baggy clothes that she wore.  
As she put the last of her clothes back into the suitcase, the door to the
  bedroom opened, and in walked Mr. Bradley. He sat on the bed, and looked her
  over.  
&quot;Well Deb you have lived up to your end of the deal, and have already
  closed a huge deal for me. I am allowing you to return home, as we agreed,
  but I must warn you not to forget your obligations to me. You must show up
  at the gym no later than twenty minutes after you have dropped the twins off
  at school. I know that you won't disappoint me, my pet, and I'm sure that I
  know that I don't have to tell you what your failure to do as you have promised
  would mean to you and your family.&quot; he said, as serious as a heart attack.  
She looked at him, and saw the total lack of feeling in his eyes, as he gazed
  at her, like she was his newest possession. She took a moment to think of a
  response that would please him.  
&quot;Yea I know. I want to, uh, help you, uh, to repay you, for all of your
  help in, um, getting me out of trouble. I mean, I really owe you a lot, and
  will do whatever I can to repay you, for all of your help.&quot; she stammered,
  trying to think of things to please him. She stared into his eyes, hoping to
  see some sense of how he took her response. He stared back at her with a real
  poker face, not allowing any emotion to be seen.  
&quot;I have found out that Ray will be home when you get there, I guess
  your friends had promised him some sort of golf trip out of town, but have
  been permanently indisposed, and unable to finish the preparations for his
  trip. I don't know if you knew this or not, but they had planned to show Ray
  all of your greatest videos and photos, when he made it to Florida. I have
  of course made sure that Ray won't have to see your abhorrent sluttish behavior.
  But you'll have to deal with him this week I am afraid.&quot; he told her coldly.  
Debra listened to this new information, shocked to hear of her former captors
  plans, and thankful that he had put a stop to them, but worried about having
  to explain things to Ray so soon. She looked down at the ground, as she began
  to contemplate all that he had just told her. She knew that he had done her
  a great favor, no matter what he required of her in return. She then thanked
  him for not letting Ray see those filthy videos and photos. With just a few
  more words, reminding her of what was he expected of her, he sent her home.  
Debra drove up in front of her house, thankful to be home again, a place
  where she had many times during the past week thought that she would never
  see again. She sat there in the car, trying to calm herself down, before going
  in.  
When she finally went in, it was as though she had never left. Marie was
  in the kitchen preparing dinner, Frank was in the living room with the kids,
  watching television, and Ray and Robert hadn't made it home from the ball game
  yet.  
She took her bags up stairs, as Marie made one of her usually rude remarks,
  and Frank grunted his acknowledgment of her returning home. She came down and
  spent an hour with the kids, just happy to see them. At the end of the hour
  she had enough of Marie, however, and retreated to her bedroom, just before
  Ray and Robert got home.  
Ray came upstairs to tell her that dinner was ready, but she had almost had
  a nervous breakdown by that point, and told him that she was just going to
  lie down and rest. She claimed it had been a long and exhausting day, and that
  she just wanted to rest. At first she was relieved that Ray had commented on
  her appearance, and in missing her, but then her disappointment turned to anger
  and hurt. She had been gone for a week and endured so much to protect her family
  and marriage but Ray hadn&iacute;t even missed her.  
Ray came to bed just after ten and after unsuccessfully trying to nudge her
  awake he began moving his hands over her body. She responded as she had in
  the past by slapping his intrusive hand away and rolling over. Ray knew his
  odds of coaxing sex from her once she had achieved this level of rest was almost
  non-existent and so he lay down accepting his fate he would wait another day
  to have sex with his wife.  
Debra had awaken when Ray entered the room but instead of acknowledging his
  presence she played possum pretending to be in a deep sleep. She felt his hands
  wonder over her body and she froze, if she had sex would he know her cunt was
  still engorged and the lips of her cunt still puffed out from the copious amounts
  of sex as well as the drugs she had been injected with. She panicked and pushed
  his hand away rolling over away from him. She held her breath hoping he would
  leave her alone. She lay and waited thankfully he to rolled over and was quickly
  asleep.  
She lay there thinking over the events of the past week and what the future
  held for her. She was home in her bed laying with her husband a place she had
  thought she would never see again just a day ago. She was thankful for all
  Mr. Bradley had done for her she knew he had saved her life. She had no doubt
  that had she refused his offer Robert would be called to the seen of a homicide
  finding her as the victim, But how much would it cost her was yet to be seen.
  She fell off to sleep sometime in the wee hours of the morning. She awoke to
  the kids jumping on the bed Ray had already left for work.  
She feed and washed the children happy Frank and Marie hadn&iacute;t shown
  up yet. When she showered herself she dressed as baggy as possible and found
  the phone ringing as she ran out of the bathroom. Marie had picked up already
  and Debra heard the voice on the other end asking to speak to lady of the house.
  As Marie began to say &igrave;Oh I guess that would be me.&icirc; Debra interrupted
  her from her receiver.  
&igrave;That&iacute;s Okay Marie I got it.&icirc; Debra chimed in annoyed
  by Marie. &igrave;Oh sorry Dear I didn&iacute;t realize you had bothered to
  get up yet.&icirc; Marie said. &igrave;Yes Marie I&iacute;m up and I&iacute;ve
  got this thank you.&icirc; Debra said tempted to give her a piece of her mind.
  She simply replied &igrave;Thanks&icirc; she waited and finally said &igrave;May
  I help you?&icirc; still not having heard Marie set the phone down.  
&igrave;Yes maim my name is Bradley and I am calling on behalf of the Good
  will store.&icirc; He began to say Debra recognized the voice and knew she
  needed to get Marie of the line. &igrave;Marie I said I&iacute;ve got this.&icirc; She
  said sternly. The click of the other phone was quick and she answered Mr. Bradley &igrave;Yes
  how may we help.&icirc; She said hoping Marie had really hung up the phone. &igrave;Well
  we&iacute;re calling today to see if you have any old clothes BRAS on LINGERIE
  you would like to get rid of or need exchanged I will have a truck there in

  half an hour and you could pick up the others on Wednesday.&icirc; He said
  still talking as though he was from the Good will.  
Debra had understood what he meant and happily accepted his offer to modify
  her remaining clothes to perpetuate her lie. &igrave;Yes that would be greatly
  appreciated.&icirc; She answered.  
&igrave;And I show you are donating some time on Wednesday can we still expect
  to see you at that time?&icirc; he asked the real question obvious.  
&igrave;Yes I&iacute;ll be there as promised.&icirc; She said before the
  line went dead.  
Debra quickly gathered her remaining bras and lingerie that now did not fit
  and stuffed them in an old knitting bag she had never used. She then stuffed
  two sweaters she had bought Ray but the dope had never bothered to wear on
  top covering up what else was in the bag.  
Debra descended the stairs to find Frank watching the television as the Kids
  ran around playing. Marie was in the kitchen inspecting what Debra had feed
  them for breakfast.  
&igrave;Oh the Kid&iacute;s had cereal huh. You know Ray came over and had

  sausage and eggs. You know it&iacute;s important for a working man to have
  a full stomach before starting there day.&icirc; Marie said in her normal demeaning
  manner.  
Debra simply nodded afraid that if she verbalized a response it would get
  out of hand. She hurriedly made a picnic Lunch for her and the kids before
  announcing they where going to the park for the day.  
She met the man from Good Will at the back door and gratefully gave him the
  bag of clothes.  
Debra loaded the kids and left in a hurry as Marie tried to coax Frank into
  getting up so they could join them. At the park Debra sat and enjoyed watching
  her children play.  
She tried to look on the bright side thinking she should count her blessings
  instead of horror she had endured. But as she sat watching the kids she looked
  up to see a young man looking in her direction. Her mind began to race.  
Was he looking at her? Did he recognize her from somewhere? Did she remember
  him from the club? Had she fucked him earlier in the week? Wait was he even
  looking at her?  
She tried to take her mind of it deciding her hadn&iacute;t really been looking
  at her. As she sat out the food for there picnic she noticed a police officer
  walking by she noted him staring in her direction and again her mind raced
  with questions. Did he? Had she? Was he? Then he began walking towards them
  as they ate there launch. She was about to jump out of her skin when he walked
  right by them steal staring of into the distance.  
Her paranoia grew as the day went on and she wondered if she recognized this
  man or that one. She tried not to think about it but found it hard to put the
  worries from her mind.  
She finally decided to take the kids to the movies hoping that a dark theater
  watching a children&iacute;s movie might make her feel more comfortable.  
The movie ended and she had found a little rest in the theater. A cat call
  outside the complex had worried her till she saw the two teenagers embrace
  just in front of her.  
She returned home that night and the guilt of putting Ray off began to weigh
  on her mind. She had screwed hundreds of time in the previous week denying
  no one her pleasures. But now at home she hadn&iacute;t even let her husband
  touch her. She resolved then to make love to Ray that night and to make it
  special in order to redeem herself for their marriage.  
Chapter 20  
Tuesday morning, after dropping the kids off, Debra sat in her car, trying
  to figure out what was wrong with her. She had been so determined to pleasure
  Ray, and to at least, in her own mind, redeem what she could of her marriage.
  Although he had no idea of her infidelities, she couldn't help but to feel
  as though somehow, deep down inside, he did know. She had refused him her charms,
  even though over the past week she had been used by so many others, that she
  figured that she had as much sex in the past week, as she'd had with Ray during
  their entire marriage and courtship. She was now determined to show her love
  and devotion to him that night.  
He had called ahead in the late afternoon, saying that he would be late getting
  home. She used that extra time to prepare herself for him. She had made herself
  as pretty for him as she could, even applying perfume and make-up, like she
  would if they had gone out for dinner alone. She knew that he wouldn't be happy
  with her wearing a sweater or a jacket, but she needed to wear one of those,
  so as to minimize her enlarged breasts. She hoped that she could take his mind
  off of that by wearing her shortest skirt, and giving him constant flashes
  of her tanned and shapely legs.  
She had fed the kids and put them to bed early, and then prepared Ray's favorite
  dinner, lemon chicken. She dimmed the lights, and put out some candles, to
  give the room a romantic atmosphere. When he came home, he was surprised to
  find the lights dimmed, and table set with the good china and crystal plus
  the candles. Debra playfully told him how lonely she had been, having spent
  the week away from him. She then suggested that he keep his family away tonight,
  so that they could spend some private time together, leaving no doubt in his
  mind as to exactly what she meant by that.  
Ray quickly called his mother, and told her not to come over tonight, as
  they needed some private time, after Debra's trip. He then locked the front
  door, licking his lips in anticipation of the night's upcoming events.  
Dinner went by quickly, as Ray scarfed down his meal, anxious to get upstairs
  to their bedroom with his wife. Although lemon chicken wasn't indeed his favorite
  anymore, he had never gotten around to telling Debra that, since it was the
  one thing that she could cook relatively well.  
While he ate, she noticed that was he was openly staring at her body. She
  felt uncomfortable, dying inside, as she thought to herself that he must see
  more of the differences than she had hoped he'd notice. She tried her best
  to tease him, by crossing and uncrossing her legs, as seductively as she could,
  making sure that he caught glimpses of her sexiest black panties.  
Since she came back from her trip to the spa, she looked good, real good,
  with her skin tan, and her new, redder colored hair. Her baggy sweater did
  little to hide her breasts, and he while he knew that her chest looked bigger,
  she had fluffed it off, telling him that her boobs were no bigger than when
  she had left, it was just that they appeared to be bigger, between her weight
  loss and having toned up her body some. Having remembered the trouble that
  he had gotten into a year ago, when he had suggested that she get a breast
  augmentation, he left it alone, not wanting to get into another fight over
  her tit size, especially not tonight, with the promise of an amorous evening
  to come.  
When she got up and kissed him, he thought that there was something different
  about her, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. She whispered to him
  that she would be waiting upstairs for him. He quickly jumped up from his chair,
  and chased her up the steps, eager to bed her. He had grabbed her ass as she
  ran up the stairs. She hadn't objected, as she had always done in the past,
  and wondered if he noticed that as well.  
She had coaxed him into the bathroom, so that she could undress and get ready,
  without him seeing her naked, hoping to delay his seeing all of the changes
  to her body at one time, so soon after returning, and to allow for the bruises
  to disappear. She could hear him rushing through his routine, and knew that
  she was running out of time. He was in and out of the bathroom in record time,
  finding her naked under the covers, with lights off, and two small candles
  giving the room a dim glow.  
He sat on the side of the bed, taking off his watch, and started to tell
  her how much he had missed her over the past week, and rambled on about the
  roles that he wanted her to play, in their little sex game. She moved eagerly
  across the bed, wrapping her arms around his neck, and suggested that she simply
  play the part of a lonely young housewife, who missed her husband very much.
  He began to pant, as she cooed the scenario into his ear, while nibbling on
  his ear lobe.  
She continued kissing him, as passionately as she could, as he slipped his
  t-shirt off, and then his shorts, preparing to make love to her. She took his
  cock into her mouth, in an effort to help him get hard, but after just a couple
  of moments, he pulled her off of his prick, almost ready to blow his load.  
She then climbed on top of him, and used her hand, to guide his cock into
  her willing cunt. She drove her cunt down onto him, hoping to relish the familiar
  feeling of her husband's cock inside of her, but after the second thrust, she
  felt disappointed, she felt almost empty, with his relatively small prick inside
  of her.  
She could barely feel his cock inside of her, after having serviced so many
  really large cocks over the past week, and especially those of the black men,
  who had been the last to fuck her, just before she came home. The physical
  feelings weren't all that she felt was lacking in the excitement of their coupling.
  She realized that there was something about a new and strange cock, plus the
  thrill of being forced to do something that she didn't want to do, that just
  wasn't there. She hated to admit it to herself, but she actually missed it.  
She was brought out of her trance, when he said that he was about to explode.
  She wasn't ready for it to end, as she was horny as hell, and not even close
  to having her own climax. She rolled off him, not wanting him to cum just yet.
  He moaned and complained, as she climbed off of him, asking her what she was
  doing, as he was just about to cum.  
She kissed him passionately, and asked him if he'd like to do her doggy style?
  He had begged her so many times to do it that way, but she had only once or
  twice allowed him to fuck her in that fashion. He mauled it over for a second,
  as she drove her tongue into his mouth, before deciding that the rare opportunity
  that she was offering, was impossible to pass up. He moved in behind her, and
  was surprised at how adeptly she guided his now slightly less than fully hard
  cock into her pussy from behind. But it was just a fleeting thought, as he
  thrust into her forcefully, or so he thought, overjoyed to have her so willingly
  suggest that they do it this way.  
She was again temporally pleased by the feel of his cock inside of her, but
  again it faded quickly, as something was missing, it just wasn't fulfilling.
  She wanted to cum so badly, but he just wasn't doing it for her. This was all
  that she had wanted the whole week that she was gone, but now it just wasn't
  enough for her anymore.  
Ray held out for another minute or so, before he had a mild climax inside
  of her. In fact, had it not been for his moaning, and his exclamation of the
  event, she might have missed it altogether. He then pulled out of her and collapsed
  on the bed.  
Debra wasn't really thinking just then, as she was distracted by her thoughts
  of not being fulfilled, and why she wasn't enjoying it. So, acting out of instinct,
  from her previous week's training, she crawled over to his lap, and started
  to slip his wet, spent cock into her mouth.  
&quot;What the hell are you doing?&quot; he asked in surprise and was shocked
  by her actions. She had never done anything like this before, and he was startled
  by it.  
&quot;I just thought that you might want to go again, you know, maybe try
  a new position, or well, you know.&quot; she said, thinking quickly, as she
  snapped out of her trance like state.  
&quot;What are you nuts!&quot; he exclaimed, startled by her wanton attitude.  
&quot;No. I just thought, well, I was just trying to make you happy.&quot; she
  said confused.  
&quot;Huh, you're what? I mean I'm tired now, I worked really hard today.&quot; he
  said as he saw the disappointed look on his wife's face. He rolled over, and
  closed his eyes, not really sure what had gotten into her.  
Debra, frustrated over being left high and dry, just lay there, until she
  could hear Ray's breathing become shallower and regular. She then got up, reached
  into her night stand, took her vibrating dildo out, and went into the bathroom,
  locking the door behind her, so that if he did get up, he couldn't sneak in
  on her, while she pleasured herself.  
As she sat down on the toilet, she began to cry, realizing that all the sex
  that she'd been forced into having over the past week, almost ten days really,
  had ruined it for her to ever have anything like normal sex again with Ray.
  Her pussy had been really stretched out between the constant sex and the number
  of much larger than average cocks that she'd been forced to service, so that
  Ray's cock now was barely even noticed inside of her love tunnel, as he fucked
  her. In addition, all of that forced sex, had had an affect on her psyche,
  that she hadn't even realized was happening, while it was occurring. It was
  only now, as she was making love with her husband, did she realize that she
  had been turned on, by being forced to have sex with total strangers, men that
  she had never seen before they had sex with her.  

She cried her eyes out for fifteen minutes, as the thoughts of having a sexually
  unfulfilled marriage flowed through her head. She then turned on her vibrating
  dildo, on high, and started out by working the tip of the eight inch long plastic
  phallus against her clit, until she came for the first time. It was a pleasant
  climax, but not spectacular, and so she began working the dildo into her pussy.
  She was wet enough, that it easily slid all the way into her cunt, and she
  was soon pounding it in and out of her as fast as she could.  
Her second orgasm was better, much better, though she realized that it too
  was much larger than Ray, and outside of her liaisons outside of the house,
  that it would probably become more and more important to her, as she just knew
  that her husband's small equipment wouldn't be able to satisfy her any longer.
  She loved him, the children and their lives together too much to divorce him
  because his cock was too small, and so she resigned herself to having to pleasure
  herself, if she were to have anything resembling a satisfactory sex life.  
As she pounded the dildo into her cunt, working herself towards a third orgasm,
  with her other hand, she began squeezing her tits, as hard as she could, until
  it was actually painful. To her horror, she realized that the rougher she got,
  the faster that she moved along towards another climax. In spite of this realization,
  she switched from grasping her breasts, to pinching, pulling and twisting her
  nipples, as it was even more painful, at least the way that she was doing it.  
She must have sat there on the toilet seat for almost an hour, pounding her
  pussy with the vibrating dildo, while she tortured her nipples. She had cum
  dozens of times, and the only reason that she stopped, was because the batteries
  died. She cleaned herself and the dildo, before quietly going back to bed,
  slipping the now clean and dry dildo back into the drawer, and herself back
  into bed, without disturbing her sleeping husband.  
Chapter 21  
Wednesday morning had arrived and Debra sat in front of the gym in her car
  her heart racing body taught with anticipation. She had tried again last night
  to find pleasure with Ray but it had been even worse than Monday's disaster.
  Not only had she been terribly disappointed by Ray's efforts but when she went
  to satisfy herself with her vibrator she had forgotten to replace the batteries
  in it and had to pleasure herself without the device's vibrating wonders.  
She had only sat there a minute but it had seemed like an eternity her mind
  was full of all the possibilities of what could happen to her. She had been
  fearing the moment yet in some ways looking forward to it. In fact she had
  speed her way over here even though she knew she would make the trip in plenty
  of time. She climbed from the car looking around confident she had parked it
  out of the way so no one would notice it from the street. She took the Membership
  card from her purse and then headed into the exclusive health club.  
She was greeted by a beautiful young women who scanned her card in, the woman
  had been so friendly and polite until she looked at the screen. Her attitude
  took a sudden change when she handed the card back to Debra as if it where
  infected by some disease.  
&quot;You'll find your locker down those stairs and through the last door
  on the left its locker 69 you don't need to show me your card anymore I'm sure
  I'll remember you from now on.&quot; She said in a snotty voice.  
&quot;Thanks.&quot; Was all Debra could say seeing the revulsion in the woman's
  eyes as she looked at her. She proceeded down the stairs and to the last door
  on the left as directed the door was labeled private and Debra entered it apprehensively.
  It was a small locker room with an office at the end of the isle of lockers.
  She found the locker with a tape label 69 halfway down the isle. She cautiously
  opened the door to the locker finding a note taped to the inside of the door.
  The note read: Take off all your clothes and put only the clothes on the hanger
  on then proceed to the following address. XXXXXX service the client as best
  you can and return here your new bras will be here when you return. B.  
Debra looked at the clothes on the hanger and found a thin black dress a
  black silk garter with red lace and a pair of black stockings still in the
  plastic packaging. A bag containing a pair of high heels and make up hanging
  over the hook of the hanger. She looked around the room before she stripped
  off her clothes. She had just put the garter belt around her waist when the
  door opened and a pathetic looking little man came walking in. At first Debra
  thought he must be the janitor or lost perhaps but then he nonchalantly looked
  at her nude body and spoke.  
&quot;So you're his new bitch huh. The old married broad with kids I guess
  he's right you don't look so bad.&quot; He said walking by and slapping her
  bare chest. &quot;Don't forget the makeup toots I'll be in my office when you're
  ready to go.&quot; He said proceeding into the office and flipping on the light.  
She was shocked by his candor and rudeness what a little creep she thought.
  She proceeded to pull the stockings up her legs and snapped them to the garter
  she next pulled the dress on over her body. The halter top dress was semi-transparent
  and she was embarrassed to see her already erect nipples sticking through the
  thin material. She slipped the high heeled shoes on and took the makeup to
  the mirror she was carefully applying the makeup when she heard the little
  creep yell for her to hurry up. She quickly finished and after carefully putting
  her clothes in the locker she went to meet him in his office.  

&quot;Uhm, I'm ready.&quot; She said sticking her head into his office. &quot;Get
  in here&quot; he said looking up from his magazine. She stepped into the office
  reluctantly holding her arms over her chest. He looked her up and down with
  his beady little eyes before he spoke. &quot;Well if that's the best you can
  do I guess it'll have to do.&quot; He said turning back to his desk and picking
  up a key chain.  
&quot;Consider me your uh pimp our maybe you prefer to think of it as manager.
  We both work for Mr. B but you answer to me and I answer to him understand?&quot; he
  said prompting her to nod her head in acceptance. &quot;You see me before you
  leave and when you get back got it? I'll let you know any special instructions
  for the client and take care of the details.&quot; He said tossing the key
  chain to her. &quot;It's the red car in the garage there the remote for the
  door is on the visor. Take good care of the car nothing better happen to it.
  The little button on the key chain is called a panic button push it for only
  two reasons one you have any trouble with the law or two if you feel in mortal
  danger. So just remember don't push the damn button.&quot; He said pointing
  to a back door of the office. &quot;Any questions?&quot; He asked.  
&quot;No.&quot; she said softly as she stared at the floor. &quot;OK then
  get going and make sure the client doesn't call with any complaints.&quot; He
  said slapping her on the ass and hurrying her out the door.  
She found the red car he was referring to in the underground garage it was
  a red BMW Z3 roadster and just as he said the remote for the garages door was
  on the visor the top of the convertible was already down and she found the
  exit from the back of the mall through the alley put her only a half block
  from the bridge. She was in the city and quickly found the address in just
  over an hour. The apartment complex was in the nicest part of the cities upper
  east side.  
She had almost forgotten what she was on the way to do. She felt free almost
  carefree she had found a big pair of sunglasses in the center console and put
  them on. She saw herself in the mirror hair blowing in the wind. It was like
  looking at someone else someone younger, funner, more free than she had ever
  felt.  
She went to the apartment specified and was shocked when the 7 foot tall
  muscular black man opened the door. Debra had no idea who he was or that he
  played professional basketball only that he was the tallest must muscular man
  she'd ever seen. She was dwarfed by the monster of a man. She realized her
  mouth was hanging open in awe before she spoke.  
&quot;Oh hello.&quot; She began.  
&quot;Yo you Deb Barone?&quot; he asked looking her over. Debra nodded her
  head acknowledging her identity. &quot;Ray Barone the columnist for Newsday
  he's you man? You're Husband?&quot; he said ensuring she understood. &quot;Yes.&quot; She
  replied unsure just what to expect, this monster knew who she was.  
&quot;So you here for a good boning then honey?&quot; he asked in a slur. &quot;What?&quot; Debra
  replied not sure what he meant. &quot;You here to get fucked?&quot; he asked
  again. &quot;Yea, Um what ever you know, whatever you want.&quot; She said
  hesitantly. &quot;Well then get you ass in here Mamma.&quot; He said moving
  out of the way allowing her in the spacious apartment.  
He led her into the living room and dropped onto the massive leather couch. &quot;So
  how's you old man feel about you getting it on with other guys?&quot; he said
  reaching down and stroking his massive cock through his sweats.  
&quot;Uhm, Well I mean what's&quot; she stuttered thinking of an answer. &quot;What's
  he going to say I have a mind of my own and can do, ah what I want.&quot; She
  said trying to sound confident. &quot;So he knows your over here bout to get
  laid to waste and that's Ok with him?&quot; he asked again moving his arm and
  motioning her closer to him.  
She walked over to the giant man as she formulated her next answer. &quot;He
  knows what I want him to know and that's all he needs to know.&quot; She said
  trying to convince herself. &quot;Huh well why don't you take that little dress
  off and let me see what you got.&quot; He said as she stood before him.  
Debra slipped the dress from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. &quot;Oh
  hell I know that dickless wonder don't know how to use all that.&quot; He said
  reaching out and pulling her into his huge arms. He took and enveloped her
  mouth with his own taking her in one passionate kiss after another. The kissing
  lasted for several minutes before he pushed her head down to his lap. She knew
  immediately what to do and slipping his enormous organ from his sweats she
  took it into her mouth. She began sucking the immense phallus with an unexplained
  furiousness. She had a need, a desire to see just how hard and large she could
  make the incredible black snake in the depths of her throat.  
While her attentions had been focused on his tool he had begun exploring
  the joys of her body. His monstrous hands encasing her chest and running over
  her body feeling every inch of her skin. He soon snaked his thick fingers into
  the folds of her cunt, finger fucking her feverishly. Debra found herself climbing
  the peaks of ecstasy as she took him as deeply as she could in her throat.
  His fingers had driven her over the edge time and time again. Even as she cursed
  herself silently for finding such pleasure at the hands of a stranger she continued
  to wonder why she had been unable to find such pleasure with Ray.  
She knew she had driven her new lover to his peak when he lifted her completely
  from his crotch and positioning her like a rag doll he began sucking her nipples
  as he held her there effortlessly. She cried out in ecstasy her body rippled
  with pleasure from his tongues savage touch. She was amazed at his strength
  as he folded her legs to her chest and slid her now dripping cunt onto his
  glistening cock.  
The massive penis brought a feeling of complete and unequaled sense of pleasure.
  She began begging him to do it harder, faster. She begged for more her dark
  desires now taking over, her rational calm self now lost in the mix as she
  road her body's waves of pleasure.  
As she was lifted and dropped on the massive cock she found her breast sucked
  hard and bit painfully by the lust mad giant plowing into her. He kept his
  dick buried in her bouncing her up and down on his cock playfully for a full
  ten minutes before blowing his load deep in her womb. As she sat on his still
  hard cock the pair returned to kissing passionately. The giant rested after
  several minutes flipped her around and guided her lips back to his slime coated
  cock.  
Debra was drawn to the tool that had given her such pleasure she took the
  spent pole back into her mouth content on nursing it back to it's pleasure
  giving potential. While her efforts remained focused on the incredible pleasure
  giving organ her partners attentions turned to her as he began working his
  massive finger into her sphincter.  
Debra languished in the pleasure as he moved his fingers from her pussy coating
  it with the couple's juices before working it into her ass. She loved every
  moment of the debauchery as she attempted to inhale his cock. He took his time
  ensuring he had properly lubed her passage before he pulled her still sucking
  lips from his cock and stood. He dropped her over the back of the couch and
  pressed his cock into her pussy again. He stroked in and out sure to lubricate
  his tool before pulling free and driving into her ass. Debra Barone again found
  herself lost in the throws of passion as he pummeled her mercilessly.  
She had only half listened as he told her why he had chosen to fuck her so
  viscously. She was barely able to understand why he hated Ray so much. Apparently
  he had taken offense to one of Ray's articles talking about the laziness and
  greed of today's professional athlete and naming him specifically.  
Hours passed and Debra Barone had been ravaged by the muscular giant time
  and time again. She had lost track of how many times she had come but was sure
  she had driven him to at least a half dozen orgasms in less than four hours.
  When she finally pulled on her dress and got up to leave she heard him yell.  
&quot;Tell your husband just how lazy I am in bed honey!&quot; laughing huskily.  
Debra returned to her car stumbling her entire body sore from the hours of
  intense fucking. She hadn't noticed how her stocking had ripped from the garter
  and fallen down to her calves or how dishelved her hair was until she sat in
  the shiny red car.  
The ride back was tougher on her as she cursed herself as much for her actions
  but more for how much she enjoyed them. She had just over two hours to pick
  up the kids when she left the afternoons traffic was light and she returned
  with just over an hour before she had to pick them up.  
She entered the office and handing the twerp the keys to the beamer she headed
  for her locker.  
&quot;Hold it tramp!&quot; he called before she got out of his office. &quot;We
  got just a few things to do before your done.&quot; He said pointing to a video
  camera on a tripod. &quot;Strip her lets see how you look.&quot; Debra was
  too exhausted at this point to care and dropped her dress instantly.  
&quot;Damn for an old lady he sure worked you over. Turn around and bend
  over for the camera. &quot;So did you like it there honey.&quot; He asked zooming
  in on her crotch. &quot;Yea it was good.&quot; She responded without thinking. &quot;But
  did he.&quot; The jerk asked. &quot;Oh I would say so.&quot; She said with
  a rueful smile. &quot;Good then show me.&quot; He said dropping his pants.  
Debra looked at his woefully lacking equipment, rolled her eyes and dropped
  to her knees.  
Chapter 22  
Debra found herself in her car again Friday morning, just as she had on Wednesday.
Her mind was conflicted, as part of her looked forward to the events that she
  knew lay ahead for her, while the other part caused her to tremble in fear.
  She had been given a clean bill of health by the doctor that she had been ordered
  to go to yesterday, and now she was back at the gym, to get her next assignment.  
She had ended her day Wednesday by sucking and fucking that dopey little
  manager, before he finally came in her ass. She had found him disgusting, and
  far to small to find any enjoyment from his use of her body. But even with
  his pathetic physical attributes, he was still more than rough on her, as he
  verbally assaulted her with his insults and crass remarks.  
She went in feeling faint, as her heart raced, and thoughts and feelings
  flooded her mind, distracting her, as she walked through the door, and headed
  downstairs, ignoring the scowling bitch behind the counter. She was more than
  a little shocked to find a sophisticated grey business suit hanging in her
  locker, once she had pulled the combination lock from its clasp. The note instructed
  her to dress smart. She had just finished applying her make-up, when the little
  toad entered, and gave her today's assignment. She was to go and convince a
  new MIT graduate, to accept a job with one of Mr. Bradley's companies. He had
  already been offered a generous contract, but others had given him similar
  offers. Debra was to ensure that he accepted Mr. Bradley's offer, no matter
  what.  
She made the trip to his motel in less than half an hour in the red sports
  car, and had put the little toad's crude comments out of her mind by the time
  that she arrived. She tried to conduct business with the young man for over
  an hour. She pointed out all the perks and benefits offered in the contract,
  as well as telling him how lucky he was, to get such an offer at his age. He
  was 22 and maybe 260 pounds, with glasses and bad skin. She thought that he
  was the typical nerd or geek that she had seen in school. She wondered if the
  heavy bastard had ever been with a woman in his life. She hoped to get him
  to sign by talking him into it, but when she got the feeling that he just wasn't
  ready to sign, she knew that she would have to do more to get his signature
  on the contract. 
She hopped up and asked to use his restroom, and returned
    minutes later, her business suit now lying open, exposing more of her cleavage
  to him. She again tried to convince him to sign, leaning into him every chance
  she got, giving him a good view down her blouse. She was more annoyed than
  anything else, as he kept looking at his watch. At first she had thought that
  he might be gay, but then she caught a glance at the tent in his pants, and
  knew that she was having the desired affect upon him. 
He was getting agitated, and suggested that she leave, before she finally
  decided to go for it all, and dropped to her knees in front of him. She looked
  up at him and asked him again to sign the contract, as she unzipped his slacks.
  He was trembling, as she pulled his cock free of his briefs, and suckled it
  into her mouth. She couldn't believe that she was now sucking on his unclean
  cock, as she took his full length into her mouth. She had thought a little
  cleavage would have been enough to coax a signature from him, but now she was
  committed to screwing it out of him at all cost.  
Minutes passed, as she worked his cock over with her mouth, she felt her
  own desire welling up inside of her, and in less than five minutes, she had
  him spewing his seed down her throat. But she didn't stop there, as she continued
  sucking his cock back into an erection, as she prepared the average sized prick
  back to a healthy state. She was still asking him from time to time if he was
  ready to sign. However she was so into her actions, she hadn't even noticed
  when he finally changed his answer and said yes.  

Debra was lost in her own lust filled world, as she sucked the cock deep
  and hard. She knew he couldn't satisfy her, but she just didn't care at this
  point, as her focus now centered on his cock. She asked him again if he was
  ready to sign the contract, and was again to distracted by her own slurping,
  to hear his response, when he groaned that he already had. She had also been
  oblivious to the sounds of his hotel door opening, as two friends of his friends
  entered.  
She hadn't realized their presence until she heard one of them speak. &quot;What's
  got into you Cody, you look sick or something?&quot; one of
  them said, unable to see Debra's head bobbing up and down in his lap through
  the table.  
&quot;Yea come on man, we're going to miss the first movie, if we don't leave
  now.&quot; said the other.  
&quot;Uhhh, You guys go on without me, I, Oh God! I'll catch up.&quot; Cody
  replied, in a labored voice.  
&quot;You okay man? You need a doctor or something?&quot; one of his friends
  replied, and then the other caught sight of a movement under the table. &quot;Oh
  Jesus man!  
Can't that wait! God he's jerking off Todd.&quot; he said to his other friend.  
&quot;Jesus!&quot; Todd scowled, as the two turned to leave.  
&quot;Wait! I'm not doing that guys come on.&quot; Cody said, lifting Debra's
  head from his lap. Todd turned to tell him buzz off, when he saw Debra's face,
  salvia dripping from her lips.  
&quot;Holy Shit! Who the hell is that?&quot; he asked, laughing in disbelief.
  Eugene had turned to see the source of his comment, and was frozen in disbelief.  
&quot;It's that agent I told you guys that I was meeting with. She's great,
  isn't she?&quot; he replied, his mind spinning in disbelief.  
&quot;Apparently.&quot; The two men replied in unison.  
Debra moved to pull Cody onto the bed, not carrying about the intrusion.
  She led him to the bed, and then pushed him onto the mattress, and pulled his
  pants from his body. Still fully clothed herself, she lifted her skirt, and
  pulled her lacy thong down her legs. She then took a moment to pull a condom
  from her satchel, and sheath his glistening tool. She climbed on top of him,
  straddling his waist between her legs.  
&quot;Hey could you guys give us some privacy!&quot; Cody called out, as
  Debra positioned herself over his cock.  
&quot;Oh God!!&quot; Debra screamed, as she slid down onto his cock, &quot;I
  don't mind if you boys stay.&quot; she added, as she began moving up and down
  on his dick.  
Cody looked up to see his friends now snapping photos, with their digital
  camera's, having decided to do their sight seeing right here in his room. &quot;At
  least close the door you idiots.&quot; he cried out, as he relished the feeling
  of the woman riding his dick.  

Debra rode him to his second orgasm, and tried to milk his cock back to life,
  before he pushed her away. She found Eugene standing over the bed, and noticed
  the bulge in his pants, as he stood there snapping photo's of her actions.
  She paid the camera no attention, and opened his pants, taking his tool into
  her mouth as well. Over the next hour, she had taken each of the geeks twice,
  before doing Cody a third time.  
She cleaned up and straightened her clothes before she left, never having
  bothered to take off her suit. The worst part for her, had been how horny the
  boys had made her fell. She was still trembling and in need of release, however
  none of the twerps could get their cocks up again, and so she left with the
  signed contract in hand. As she walked through the lobby of the hotel to leave,
  she noted the bar off to the side, and decided that she could use a drink,
  to calm her nerves down.  
She had just about finished her first Daiquiri, having sat in the bar alone
  for almost half an hour, when a professional looking young man in a fine suit
  walked over to her, and offered to buy her another.  
She found his small talk annoying, and she was far to horny to be flirting
  with these (tool - HUH, what are your trying to say here?). So out of the blue,
  she asked him how large his cock was. He blushed and whispered something in
  her ear, not wanting to say anything out loud, in front of the waiter, who
  was delivering their drinks.  
The waiter returned to the other side of the bar, and told the bartender,
  and some of the other regulars, of the woman's unusual question, which got
  them all to watch the couple, as she blew him off. As the group watched him
  leave her table frustrated, and perhaps a little angry, the men began laughing.  
Finally one of the group worked up the nerve to approach her himself. He
  was shocked when she asked him the size of his prick, before even saying hello.
  He responded by saying, &quot;too big for you.&quot; with a smile. &quot;How
  big?&quot; she asked him again angrily. &quot;I don't know, ten inches maybe.&quot; He
  replied, a little taken aback, realizing that her line wasn't simply to drive
  men away.  
&quot;Really? Good! Thick too right?&quot; she asked, seemingly more interested.  
&quot;Yea I'd like to think so.&quot; he said, thinking he might get lucky.  
&quot;You like it rough?&quot; she asked, finally looking up from her drink.  
&quot;Yeah, I guess, if that's what the girl likes.&quot; he responded, now
  getting a little worried that he might not be able to give her what she wanted.  
Debra stood up, downed her daiquiri in a long swig, then grabbed his arm
  and said, &quot;Let's go to your room.&quot;  
Jerry Moso led the fiery red head to the elevators, and up to his room. This
  was turning out to be a great day for the talk show host. He had flown into
  New York for a job interview, which was forgotten for now, as he was going
  to get lucky in the middle of the afternoon.  
Debra used this Jerry fellow for all he was worth, finding him more than
  satisfying over the next three hours. She used him to vanquish her lust and
  desire, before returning home for the long weekend with Ray. She had gotten
  his cell phone number and business card from him, before leaving him that day
  telling him that she would be in touch.  
She returned to the gym, where again she allowed that tiny equipped toad
  of a manager to use her for his own pleasure, only disgusting her, as he made
  her beg him to fuck her. She left still well satisfied from her extracurricular
  activities.  
The weekend passed quickly, and she found herself more energized and active
  than she had ever been. She couldn't explain where her new found energy came
  from, but she welcomed the boost, as she embraced her family life. She signed
  up for a new PTA committee, and also agreed to chair a committee to save a
  local park, targeted by a local developer of strip malls.  
She returned to the gym Monday, where she was sent out to again help with
  a contract. The old geezer she pleased, had come no where close to satisfying
  her sexually, so again she found a bar, and another stranger to help relieve
  her frustrations. She did the same after every one of her appointments for
  the next two weeks, finding all of her regular assignments unfulfilling. 
Chapter 23  
Her client that day had been an elderly Oriental man, who was enthralled
  with her large breasts, as he put it. In fact, Debra had been surprisingly
  disappointed that the swelling in her breasts had continued to go down. She
  had actually enjoyed how well she looked with her breasts flowing over the
  tops of her bras. Now her bras hung loosely over her still ample chest.  
The Asian business man had barely gotten her interested in the task of getting
  him off, and did nothing to make her horny. But when she started thinking about
  giving Jerry a call, after finishing the old geezer off, she worked herself
  into a frenzy. She blew the old man quickly, then after nursing him back to
  an erection, she found that he wanted to &quot;Titi-fucku&quot;, as he put
  it. So she took his cock between her breasts, and started rubbing them up and
  down over his tool. He came all over her chest, and spraying a dab on her chin,
  before collapsing, exhausted, on the bed. He thanked her for her efforts, barely
  giving her a chance to clean his sperm from her body, before his assistant
  was showing her out, even as she was pulling the thin tank top down over her
  head.  
She had made it down to the lobby of the office building, before she pulled
  some change from her purse, and tried to call Jerry. She was so happy when
  he answered his cell phone, that she almost jumped. But then he burst her bubble,
  telling her that he was doing a remote at a store that afternoon, and wouldn't
  be able to meet her. He had offered to meet her that night, after he was done,
  but of course she had to turn him down.  
She hung up disappointed, but was still horny, and remembered that she was
  only fifteen minutes away from a bar, that she had found an adequate partner
  at just last week. In fact, the guy that she had picked up, had given her a
  hundred dollars, when she left him that afternoon. She didn't bother explaining
  to him that she wasn't a hooker, opting instead to just take the money, and
  go home fulfilled.  
She made it to the bar, but found it almost empty. There were three youngsters,
  college kids she supposed, at one table, and a large black man and a sleazy
  looking woman at another. She decided to have a quick drink, and if things
  didn't pick up, she'd move on to somewhere else.  
She hadn't even gotten her drink, when one of the college boys offered to
  buy it for her. She felt a little complimented, that such a young man would
  offer, and so she accepted it.  
She watched, as the sleazy looking woman kept pointing at her, while the
  man that she sat with, talked on his cell phone. She hadn't paid any attention
  to her date, motioning to his friends, who grabbed the drink from the waiter
  to deliver it themselves, nor had she seen the powder dropped in it, as one
  of the boys stirred it around in the drink.  
The young man who stayed to talk to her, tried very hard to be charming and
  polite, as well as eager to compliment her on how good she looked. She sat
  and listened to him, enjoying her drink as she sucked in his compliments. She
  decided that she had listened to enough, and knew that he couldn't possibly
  be aggressive enough to fulfill her needs, and was about to brush him off,
  when another drink arrived for her at the table. She accepted the drink enjoying
  having others pay for her drinks, no matter if she had any interest in them
  or not.  
She had begun to drain the new drink much more aggressively than she had
  the last one, and was feeling a little woozy and tired. She then asked him
  how big his cock was, as this now her signature line, when picking up guys.
  She worried that she was too drunk and tired to make it back to the gym. The
  young man had answered that he was two big for her. Now overly confident, he
  knew he was taking her back to their apartment, as he saw the drugged glazed
  look in her eyes.  
Debra laughed at his overly confident attitude, and asked him, &quot;How
  big?&quot;  
&quot;Oh big enough mamma.&quot; he crowed, as she giggled hysterically.
  He moved closer to her, and placed his hand on her leg. He wanted to get closer,
  to see just how affected she was by the drugs, and to make sure that she didn't
  fall off of her stool. He knew that she was ready, when he had his hand under
  her skirt, and she hadn't even twitched.  
He motioned for his friends to join him, but was surprised when the black
  man approached them as well. Debra found her mind reeling, as she watched the
  black man whisper something in her new friends ear. She noticed her friend
  start to say something, when he looked down and stumbled away. She hadn't seen
  the shiny silver blade, but as she was slumped over the table, having trouble
  keeping herself up right, it wasn't surprising.  
The three college kids took off in a flash, as the black man helped her up
  from her table. He and his whore helped her out of the bar, and back to an
  old sedan. She slept, as they drove her back to an old apartment complex. She
  didn't really remember being drug up the stairs, but vaguely remembered having
  her wrist cuffed to the bed post.  
She woke up two hours later with a horrible hangover, only to find the hooker
  on the end of the bed going through her purse. She was still far to groggy
  to say anything meaningful, as she worked desperately to clear her head. The
  hooker had gotten up and left the room, returning moments later with the black
  man from the bar.  
&quot;Bitch, what kind'a whore falls for that old trick of getting yourself
  drugged by a bunch a dumb kids?&quot; he asked, looking over the contents of
  her purse. &quot;So who the hell you work for honey?&quot; he asked, flipping
  through the money from her purse disappointed.  
&quot;Augh, Mr. B I mean Bradley.&quot; she answered in a dazed tone.  
&quot;Who the fuck is that? He new to town, bitch?&quot; he asked angrily,
  now sure that she was a working girl. &quot;No, no he's been around for, I
  don't know, a long time.&quot; she replied.  
&quot;Well he been around that long, he should know not to send his hoes
  into my territory. You new to this or something?&quot; he asked tossing her
  23 dollars onto the floor. &quot;New to this?&quot; she asked, looking around
  the room &quot;Yes
  only a couple of weeks.&quot; she answered.  
&quot;So you're still clean?&quot; he said, picking up one of the condoms
  from her purse.  
&quot;Yes!&quot; she said in a disgusted voice, as she pulled on her arm.  
&quot;Well lets see how new you are honey.&quot; he said as he motioned to
  his whore, who quickly left, as he dropped his pants and rolled a condom over
  his long hard cock. He then reached between her legs, and ripped her tiny thong
  from her body, as he climbed on top of her. He positioned his prick at her
  cunt, and rammed it home quickly. After several thrusts, he announced that
  it was time to see the fun bags, and ripped her tank top from her body.  
Debra had begun tossing her head from side to side, mumbling &quot;NO, NO,
  NO!!!&quot; as she felt his long hard cock pistoning into her again and again.
  She then wretched under him, as he brought his face to hers, and gave her a
  long tongue filled kiss. &quot;Yo bitch, call the fella's and get um over here
  to sample my new hoe.&quot; he shouted, while he continued stroking into her
  forcefully.  
Debra began begging him to release her, even as he continued assaulting her
  tirelessly. She kept insisting that there had been a mistake, and that she
  wasn't trying to move in on anyone's territory. She couldn't believe that with
  all she had already been through, that now this could happen on top of all
  the rest.  
Tyrone, as he was known to his whores, had heard enough of the bitches lip,
  and slapped her across her face, knocking her out cold, and splitting her lip
  wide open. He finally finished erupting his seed into the tip of the condom
  and pulled out of her cunt, and moving to her face, rolled the condom from
  his still semi-erect cock, allowing the sperm to drop onto her unconscious
  face.  
Tyrone then pulled his pants back on and left the room, leaving Debra cuffed
  to the bed and unconscious. He asked his whore where the John's were, then
  ordered her to get a needle and some stuff to give to the new slut. His whore
  presented him with her needle and a dose of the drug, which got her slapped
  to the floor.  
&quot;The bitch says she new to the biz and clean you stupid hoe, now get
  me a new needle, and make sure the John's know to wear their rubbers, least
  for now anyhow.&quot; he said, as she picked herself up from the floor.  
&quot;Ain't got no clean needles Tyrone, damnit.&quot; she screamed, wiping
  the blood from her lip. &quot;What you got to go hittin me for, I'm the one
  told you my john said he nailed a new girl anyhow.&quot;  
&quot;Shut up you stupid Bitch! Now get your dirty ass down to de clinic,
  and get me a new needle. Least I can do is start the new bitch out clean, it'll
  keep her working a little longer anyhow.&quot; he said, returning to check
  on Debra.  
Debra was just coming to, as she felt someone feeling up her tit's. Her mouth
  and head ached, and she could taste the blood in her mouth.  
&quot;These are real aren't they honey, no silicon in these puppies?&quot; he
  said, pinching her nipple savagely. Debra nodded, as she turned her head from
  side to side, trying to clear her mind. &quot;You best understand right now
  that I don't know how your last pimp worked your ass, but I don't take no sass
  from my hoes, and you better not sass the John's either. Like the book says,
  your to be seen not heard. Got that bitch, else I'll slap you again.&quot; he
  said, lifting his hand, ready to strike her again.  
&quot;Now, I don't know this cat you worked for, but I figure he ain't going
  to miss you no how. Your dumb ass ain't even brought him in thirty for the
  day.  
Now I work my hoes and you gonna have to pull at least five a day for me
  bitch.  
You keep whatever you get above that. I got a deal with the cops, you stay
  on my streets, and keep it on the down low, and you don't have to worry about
  the man.&quot; cupping her chin in his palm.  
Debra shook her head weakly, acknowledging his total domination over her,
  not wanting to be beaten again, and knowing that she had no other choice for
  now at least.  
&quot;I see your clean, and ain't got no track marks, so you outta know that
  my girls I keep um strung out. I sent Zippy to get ya a new needle. Once I
  let ya out, it'll be up to ya to keep yourself clean. I get you all the smack
  you need, as long as ya turn the tricks and make me money.&quot; he said, squeezing
  her chin roughly. She had begun crying, not wanting to fall victim to this
  thug.  
He stared down at her, as he heard the knock on the door. &quot;Your first
  John's here, I expect you to be on your best behavior.&quot; he said, getting
  up to answer the door.  
Debra looked over at the table, and saw the key ring with the button she'd
  been ordered never to touch. If she could only hit the button, maybe she could
  get some help. She fought with the cuff on her arm, stretching out to reach
  it, as she heard her captor laughing with someone else, out in the front room.
  She grew desperate, as she heard herself described cruelly to at least two
  other voices. She had begun trying to use the remnants of her torn tank top,
  trying to get the keys closer to her hand, when the men walked in.  
&quot;So bitch, ya still got some spunk left in ya!&quot; Tyrone shouted,
  as he grabbed a handful of her hair. &quot;You're white ass belongs to me now
  honey. Now old Rickie here, he done paid me good, to be the first John to sample
  your white ass, as I welcome you into my stable. So why don't you show him
  some of that fight of yours, as he likes his bitches feisty.&quot; he said,
  pushing her head into the metal headboard violently.  
&quot;Yo, Tyrone, the bitch is wearing a band man. Where the fuck is your
  old man at honey.&quot; he asked groping her left breast roughly.  
&quot;Ooch!&quot; she screamed, as he twisted her nipple viscously. &quot;Rickie,
  I'm her old man now, so it don't matter. Now, you want her or not?&quot; Tyrone
  asked, motioning to her splayed open legs.  
&quot;Fuck yea I'll take a ride now. Give me my money's worth bitch.&quot; he
  said, driving his hand between her legs.  
&quot;Rickie, don't forget to use a rubber man, she's still clean she say's.&quot; Tyrone
  said, motioning to the remnants of her purse.  
Rickie took her, first having her suck his foul smelling cock, before placing
  the rubber over his tool, and driving it home inside her. He was rough and
  demanding, taking her quickly, as she panted and groaned. He left happy, and
  was quickly replaced by another man. She was happy to see that he took note
  of her keys, but her hopes faded, when he finished fucking her, and pocketed
  her key, but not before asking her where the Beemer was.  
She named the bar to him, and he left, thanking Tyrone for the great piece
  of ass. He was replaced by a Hispanic man, who practically ripped her arm from
  the socket, as her pulled and tugged on her, as she lay there cuffed to the
  bed. He then flipped her over, and reamed out her ass, while he practically
  ripped her hair from her scalp. Once she licked his blood and shit covered
  cock clean, he rolled the rubber down over his cock, and shoved it into her
  cunt.  
He was followed by a large fat black man, who virtually suffocated her while
  he fucked her. She was shocked that his little peepee stuck out far enough
  from his rotund belly, to penetrate her at all. He was apparently a pimp himself,
  and after he finished, he and Tyrone sat on the edge of the bed, trying to
  work out a trade for Debra. The amount of money and drugs were just never right,
  and after fifteen minutes of negotiations, the fat bastard left without her.
  She was allowed to rest for several minutes, before the next John entered the
  room.  
He was an average sized man, from what she saw. As he shoved his cock down
  her throat, she noticed that he was missing one of his balls, just like Ray.
  She noted from the larger than average amount of sperm he spurted down her
  throat, that this in no way affected his performance, and he never softened,
  before he sheathed his weapon, and then pounded it into her ass.  
She was at first confused, when Tyrone entered after the last John had left,
  and sat on her chest. He tied a rubber hose around her fore arm, and flicked
  her elbow repeatedly. &quot;Bring me the shit bitch!&quot; he screamed, as
  he held her arm extended out. Debra knew what was coming, and begged him not
  to shoot her up. Her pleas fell on deaf ears, and soon the needle was slipped
  under her skin, injecting her with its vile contents, as she begged him to
  stop.  
The effects of the drug took place almost instantly, and she slipped into
  an altered state. He removed the cuff from her bruised arm, and pulled the
  now badly tattered skirt from her belly, before he left the room.  
She wasn't alone for long, and soon she was being screwed by another John,
  and then another, as the line seemed to go on forever. She felt lost in a world
  that she had never known.  
Chapter 24  
Mr. Bradley stepped down from his private jet already in a bad mood. He had
  just learned from his own private sources, that the Justice department was
  even closer than he had thought to filing charges against him. His seedy business
  tactic's may yet do him in it appeared. He had made underhanded deals across
  the globe, not caring if the nations he traded with were in good standing with
  the U.S. or not. He had made an even larger fortune in trading in black market
  oil and technology with terrorist states.  
He took a seat in his limo, contemplating just who he had to bribe, or who
  to have killed, in order to prevent any indictments, when his assistant, a
  beautiful voluptuous young blonde handed him the car's cell phone, telling
  him it was an urgent call. He listened, growing even angrier, as he heard of
  Debra's failure to return to the gym. She was now three hours over due, and
  Gerald had already stepped in to cover for her at home.  
Gerald called Linda, Debra's friend, and had her call Amy, asking her to
  pick up the kids, giving her a story that Debra was on her way to pick her
  up and drive her to New Hampshire, to visit her father. who had just had a
  stroke.  
She asked Amy to call and tell Marie for her and Debra.  
Gerald had also checked with the customer who told him that Debra had been
  there for less than an hour, much earlier that morning. He then had the office's
  garage checked for the car that she was driving, only to find it missing too.  
Debra had yet to activate the car's GPS. alarm system, so no one was sure
  if she was in trouble, or had just decided to take off, deciding that she couldn't
  be Mr. Bradley's whore anymore. Mr. Bradley hung up even angrier than he had
  been. Debra was his newest slut, and he had been out of town for almost the
  entire time that she had been under his control. He told Gerald to take things
  easy on her, as he planned on breaking her himself, when he returned to the
  states.  
Debra, for her part was in hell. Her mind was no longer in a place where
  she felt at home, due to the effects of the drugs shot into her arm. She was
  in serious physical pain, her fat lip throbbing, her vagina a fiery pit of
  pain itself. Her breasts and wrist were bruised and sore from hours of abuse
  at the hands of the brutal men.  
She had been given a second shot of drugs, before the other whore had been
  instructed to put her to work on the street. She was dressed like a real street
  walking whore, in a cheap, leopard skin, one piece dress, and a pair of mid-thigh
  leather boots, with 4 inch heels. She serviced her first customer in the bathroom
  of a bar. He had paid her for a blow job, but did her from behind against the
  wall of a stall anyway.  
The second John had taken her to a nearby hotel, where the girls rented the
  rooms by the hour. He had forced her to peel the trashy dress off, and climbed
  on top of her on the bed. He was a biter, and left teeth marks on her nipples
  and breasts before he shot his load into the condom, and left her crying, and
  in pain. Trixy showed no sympathy for Debra's plight, as she had done the brutal
  thug herself several times a month, over the past year. She strolled into the
  hotel room, as the brute was leaving, to show Debra's next John in, and take
  her cut of Debra's earnings.  
She whispered in Debra's ear, &quot;You're gonna to have to earn my money
  tonight too sugar, while I show you the ropes. So speed it up with the Johns,
  a thousand is a lot to make, especially since yo started so late.&quot;  
Debra pleaded for her to stop, as the uncaring whore grabbed her hand, and
  pulled Debra's wedding ring from her shaking finger. Trixy gazed at the diamond
  commenting on how much she would get for it at the shop the next day, as she
  left Debra alone with her next partner.  
He was as rough as anyone had been, taking his belt to her ass, when she
  wouldn't stop crying about her ring. She only made things worse, by trying
  to run out after Trixy, to get her ring back, causing the John to employ his
  belt as a collar around her neck, as he ravished her, while she gasped for
  breath.  
After her third John, she had made just $85 dollars, after paying for the
  motel room. Her fifth John of the day had taken her into an alley, and then
  stiffed her on the bill, when he saw a cop car drive down the road.  
Drugged as she was, she still knew how wrong this was, as the officers escorted
  her back to their conveniently hidden car, parked behind a dumpster and took
  their payment for looking the other way in trade. The first officer had used
  her ass, pushing her across the bench of the back seat, and with her knees
  on the concrete, he pounded into her already pained body.  
His partner had found her still kneeling on her knees, and forced her to
  her feet, before forcing her over the hood of the car. He then claimed that
  he was going to search her for drugs and weapons, before pulling her tits free
  of her dress, and then bit and sucked on them violently. His attack on her
  chest continued, as he worked himself to an erection, and then he took her
  in the ass as well, unlubricated, while he worked over her tits and nipples
  roughly, adding to her pain.  
She was then forced to work a street corner, like any common whore. She serviced
  Johns in their cars, as well as in alley's and doorways, as she became an average
  working girl, on the streets of the Big Apple. The action was brisk in the
  early evening, but died down after midnight. Her tutor was an old pro, and
  had been walking the streets for eighteen months, while working for Tyrone.
  Debra shuddered, when she was told that she would get Tyrone's mark tattooed
  right above her cunt, if he couldn't sell her to someone else by the next day.
  She wasn't sure what frightened her more, spending the rest of her days working
  as a common whore for the thug, or the unknown fate that would await her by
  being sold for drugs to someone else.  
Trixy took her to a seedy bar a little after midnight, when the traffic outside
  died down. She had Debra do the bartender for free. He was the gentlest lover
  she had been with since her ordeal began. He gave her a drink and after trying
  to calm her fears down, began kissing and groping her, before working into
  having her suck him to erection. Once his cock was standing at attention, he
  gently guided her to sit in his lap, as he slowly slid his condom covered prick
  into her painfully irritated cunt. He helped the girls by sending Johns their
  way, and letting the women do their work in the small cove, housing a pool
  table and a pinball machine in his bar.  
Trixy started servicing a few John's herself, sure that Debra would never
  earn their night's quota on her own. Debra was scared that the glass of the
  pinball machine would shatter under her weight, especially while she was being
  pounded, When the first John placed her on top of the machine. But after the
  third man had pummeled her on the cold glass, The fear had all but left her
  hazy and disturbed mind, as the pain and humiliation of her evening continued.
  She found the feel of the orange pool table's felt more comfortable, but no
  less humiliating, as man after man screwed her for forty dollars a trick. Sixty
  bought them a double.  
Hours later, and after more partners than she thought could be found within
  a few block area, she was back at Tyrone's place, entertaining two of his friends.
  The men where there to sample Debra and that's just what they did.  
After injecting her with another shot of drugs, they took the strung out
  whore for a test drive. The pair worked together well, man-handling her between
  them as they swapped positions repeatedly, moving from her ass, cunt and mouth
  in long hard sessions, forcing her into every sexual position imaginable.  
Each man had taken her several times, before the trio passed out on the bed,
  the men's semen mixed with her sweat. She was startled by the sound of gunshots,
  as flashes of the bullets being fired from guns lit up the dingy apartment.  
A nylon bag pulled over her head, was the last thing that she saw before
  being carried from the room.  
Since Debra had not activated the alarm, Bradley's men had been unable to
  locate the car or her until the punk who stole her keys began pressing the
  button in the garage hoping to make the car honk, or its lights flash, so he
  could more quickly locate his booty. The man who had stolen the keys was unlucky
  enough to have walked into Mr. Bradley's men, just outside of his scummy apartment,
  where he had parked the car, to get some of his things before trying to sell
  the car to a local used car dealer. With its GPS system activated, Mr. Bradley's
  men had found its location shortly after he had stopped. They took him back
  to an abandoned warehouse for questioning.  
After being worked over quite brutally, he told them that she had been abducted
  by a hoodlum and pimp, who had felt that she was moving in on his territory.  
The thug who had stolen her keys had shown no loyalty to his friend Tyrone,
  and so his death was quick, and relatively painless, right after telling them
  where she was.  
Tyrone had been less lucky in that regard. After his knee caps had been blown
  out, he found the pain continued to grow even worse, as one by one, his fingers
  were broken, and then cut off. He was left to die with blood gushing from his
  wounds, while his castrated cock was left stuffed down his throat.  
Debra spent the night under interrogation herself, as several strange, evil
  men questioned the stoned woman about what she had told the thug, or anyone
  else for that matter. They wanted to know what she had done on her own, or
  at Tyrone's directions, and every detail about her time in his employ. She
  told them of her activities over the past few weeks, and her need for well
  endowed forceful men, in order to fulfill her sexually. She was then left to
  sleep, while her fate was decided.  
She had no idea how lucky she was that the men had found no reason to think
  that she had betrayed Mr. Bradley, or the dungeon, while she had been drugged.  
Even as her questioning had continued, preparations for her fiery death in
  a single car accident proceeded. Only after hearing the men's report, did Mr.
  Bradley himself decide to spare her pathetic life. He decided, that at least
  for the time being, she would live, if she survived the night ahead of her.  
Bradley was infuriated that she wouldn't be able to work as a whore for him
  now for at least a month, until he was sure that she was clean of any STD's.  
He had made big plans for her, including another appointment with her father,
  but now he would have to send a different slut to broker the deal.  
He would make her pay for what she had done however, and if it was big powerful
  cocks that she needed, then he knew just where to find them for her. She had
  screwed up royally, and now she would be made to suffer for her mistakes. He
  would have to put her on the bench, until she was given a clean bill of health,
  but he would make sure that she would need that time to recuperate from what
  he had planned for her, if she survived the ordeal at all.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Not My Story


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





