BDSM Library - Case Of The Missing Inmates




Case Of The Missing Inmates
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two lady officers are to go and escort to hardened prisioners back for a trial date but things don't go as planned and they themselves are made to take their places.CASE OF THE MISSING INMATES   
It just another sunny warm day in the great state of NEW
        YORK. Olivia Stalling and her partner Officer Stacy Mack had just started
        on their way upstate to pick up two inmates for and up coming trial hearing.
      They were to bring the two lady inmates back for the trial. The prison
      where they were housed was a maximum security facility where only the hardest
      offenders were kept such were Mary Cross and Cindy Banks both in for brutal
      sex crimes and each in for 25years. They would beat and rape their victims
      then when they were finished they'd leave them either branded or with some
      type of animal that would mate with them. Sometimes they were left having
      had both done to them and the women were left totally humiliated. As Olivia
      and Stacy drove on to meet the transport prisoner van carrying the two
      inmates Stacy kept on reading the report on them and what all they had
      done to the other women till they were both finally caught. As Stacy kept
      on reading Wow I can't believe they did all this Olivia. Well you'd better
      they're two very tough women and we must be very careful with them. Meanwhile
      back up the road a few hours away Mary and Cindy had just been loaded into
      the van for their trip. Both women dressed in their orange prison outfits
      and their hands chained and cuffed down by their sides. They are also wearing
      special head and mouth gear which is used to keep dangerous prisoners quit
      and from biting anyone. The best either could do is grunt and moan to the
      other. Unknown to the two guards both Mary and Cindy are excellent escape
      artist and had already come up with a plan to free themselves as soon as
      they stop. As the time passes it is now time for action. The two guards
      pull off at a small diner and prepared to go in for a bit as they waited
      for Olivia and Stacy to arrive and claim the two prisoners. They headed
      into the diner leaving their captives in the van and have a bit to eat.
      Then a short time later they returned to the van while they were away both
      women have gotten free and were now waiting for the guards to return. As
      they enter the van Mary grunted and moaned getting the guards attention.
      Officer Stone comes over to find out what she wants and removes her mouth
      piece. Mary thanks the guard and tells her that both she and Cindy need
      to pee. Well I guess we could let you go seeing that your ride isn't here
      yet. The guards escort the two inmates out the van and into a near by restroom
      area away from the diner. It does have a bit of privacy as the women are
      hustled into the restroom. Once inside Mary and Cindy quickly make their
      move on the unsuspecting guards. With spinning moves they quickly begin
      beating the other women down and after several minutes the two guards are
      completely knocked out. Wow that wasn't so hard as Cindy laughs to herself.
      Mary quickly tells her they need to check outside and see that no ones
      around and start working on their unconscious playmates. As the two giggle
      at their prizes that now lie before them. Cindy goes and looks outside
      and seeing no one around she returns to Mary. Now let's get started as
      they begin stripping the two unconscious guards of their weapons and clothes.
      Well we certainly do have some big cows don't we as Mary remarks to Cindy.
      You know Mary this will never work they're much too big for us to take
      their clothes and make our escape. Mary nods her head and agrees with Cindy.
      You go and sneak back out to the van and see what all you can find that
      might help us with our guest here. In the mean time I'll finish undressing
      them till you return. With that Cindy rushes out and in just a few minutes'
      returns with two large black bags. As Cindy comes in she sees that both
      guars are now completely naked on the floor. Cindy laughs and tells Mary
      I think you'll like this as they begin rummaging through the bags.   
They pull out binding straps and ball gags then several pairs of
      cuffs and leg irons. Then each woman takes one of the guards and begins
      strapping their hands and arms behind them and finally strapping the ball
      gags tightly in their mouths. They then take time to admire their handy
      work. As the two guards start to come around both trying to shake the cobwebs
      out and suddenly notice that they are bound and gagged. They also notice
      that they are naked as well both instantly try to free themselves grunting
      and moaning through their gags for help but little use as the gags are
      well in place and muffling any sound.   
Well ladies it's about time you woke up now it's time for a little
      fun so get up cows. As Mary speaks to them I want you to take a good look
      at these I'm sure you know what they are. She waits for the guards to nod
      that they do then walks up to the first one and with out warning she thrusts
      the shock stick up the defenseless guard's hot moist pussy. Then instantly
      pushes the button and guard's body begins to jerk from the sudden voltage
      going through her whole body. Likewise the other guard suffers the same
      fait. Now both women on the floor flipping and flopping around like fish
      out of water their eyes bulged out their heads. As the inmates keep the
      shock sticks firmly imbedded in their captives moist love tunnels as they
      scream through their gags. The pain is very intense as the sticks are thrusts
      in and out their battered pussies both women not able to hold it anymore
      they relieve themselves.    
Wow you are some naughty bitches aren't you? Then pull the sticks
      out and start on their huge tits both women at least with 44 ds. They continue
      to punish the women's tits,pussies,and assholes for the next two hours.
      Finally both guards beaten and whipped as from the signs on their bodies
      the angry red strips from the shock sticks and from their own belts. As
      the signs show their tits with long strips and their ass's they now sit
      over in a corner mewing from behind their gags.    
Mary decides that they need to know more about how they were to
      be exchanged and takes one of the guards over to the side and takes her
      gag out but warns her no trouble or she will be sorry. She begins questioning
      the guard and fines out that they were waiting for two other Officers to
      take charge of them at the diner here. Mary then sends Cindy out to check
      and see if the have arrived yet. As Cindy peeks around the corner of the
      outside wall she sees that a cop car has just driven up next to the van.
      Cindy carefully watches as both Olivia and Stacy get out their car wow
      she can't believe it this is just to perfect she stays till they enter
      the diner. Quickly she rushes back into the restroom to tell Mary what
      she has seen.   
Mary you're not going to believe me but the two cops here for us
      they could pass for our twins as Cindy laughs. Well we must be ready to
      greet them as they quickly get the other guard into a vacant stall then
      gag the other once more.    
As Olivia and Stacy come back out the diner they saw no sign of
      the guards inside. They then proceed to check the van but no one there
      either. Then Stacy tells Olivia maybe they had to go pee as they both laugh
      then prepare to enter the restroom. Once inside they call out for the guards
      but get no response with that they pull their weapons and move further
      into the restroom. As soon as the round the wall entering the stall area
      they see Mary standing behind a naked guard. They both instantly yell out
      for her to drop her weapon and move away from the guard. But all this just
      causes Mary to laugh at the two unsuspecting Officers. No it's you who
      will drop your weapons like good little cunts or I'll cap this fat bitch
      and my friend will do the same to the other there as the stall door flies
      open. Olivia and Stacy both try to come up with a plan of attack and how
      not to put these women in more danger. Finally they both put their guns
      down and are ordered to kick them over which they do.   
Now cunts strip they both look at each other then reluctantly begin
      stripping after a few minutes they both stand naked before the two inmates.
      Wow Cindy you were right sweetie these two are a real piece of work we
      could actually pass for doubles. Now cunts put your hands behind your heads
      and cross your fingers and step out here in the center where we can get
      a good look at you. Both Olivia and Stacy try to tell the inmates to release
      them and the guards and that they will put in a good word for them if they
      give up now but the inmates just laugh. As Olivia tries to get them to
      still release them Mary grows tired of them and unties the guard she's
      standing behind and orders her to go over to the sack and get two more
      ball gags. She is then ordered to go and place one in each of the lady
      Officers mouths which quickly cuts off anymore pleading from them. Now
      both women gagged Mary walks up to Olivia first to check these two very
      beautiful women's bodies out. She notices that Olivia is around 5ft7 and
      about 125lbs her lovely short cropped brown hair and brown eyes not to
      mention her stunning 36c breast and that well toned body. Then she looks
      over at Stacy who also with a lovely firm body she to stands around 5ft6
      and comes around 115lbs. Stacy A beautiful light skinned black girl with
      gorgeous 34c tits and lovely dark brown areolas that are about half dollar
      size. What do you think love as she looks over to her fellow inmate? I
      think they are perfect me to so lets get to work on them. Well ladies looks
      like you are just what we needed now if you would put your hands behind
      your backs. Both women do as told then Cindy comes out and begins putting
      the cuffs and restraints on both Olivia and Stacy. With in minutes both
      Olivia and Stacy are bound and gagged then finally ankle restraints are
      put in place and they are made to kneel before their captures.   
"Well you know I thinks it's time we got out of these ugly orange
      suits don't you Cindy?" They both quickly disrobe out of their inmate's
      clothes and now stand naked before their captives. Both women begin caressing
      themselves as they squeeze their tits and masturbate their hot moist pussies
      in front of Olivia and the others. Mary walks over to Olivia as she continues
      to finger her pussy in front of her. Cindy you know our little Dikes here
      are going to need a little practice and a few modifications to. Hearing
      this both Olivia and Stacy both try to tell the their captures that they
      are not Dikes as they scream from behind their gags to no avail as all
      is heard are low grunts and moans. Both Mary and Cindy both take Olivia
      and Stacy by their heads and pull them up between their legs and rub their
      faces into their hot moist holes as they both had just cum. Both women
      try to resist but can do little in their bound positions as they have their
      faces covered in their captures love juices and their nose pushes up inside
      their moist fuck holes. Get a good smell Dikes soon you'll be getting a
      lot more as both women try to hold themselves back. "You know Cindy we
      can't have our little Dikes here going to their new home without making
      some modifications you're so right Mary". Let's shave them good idea and
      laser tag them to yes I almost forgot sweetie. As Cindy goes over to the
      bag she gets a pair of scissors and clippers then finds some instant hair
      remover. While looking through the bag she also finds the laser ID tagger
      which puts on an inmates serial number to keep track of them and it also
      can remover them. The only thing is it hurts more putting them on than
      getting them off as this is just what they want to torment their unwilling
      captives. Then Cindy walks back over to Olivia and Stacy she sprays the
      hair remover on Olivia's neatly trimmed snatch first then does the same
      to Stacy's. With in  minutes Cindy rubs her hand across
      their hairless cunts as the remaining hair falls off.   
Meanwhile Mary has started clipping their hair off starting with
      Stacy who had lovely curly brownish hair which is now on the floor beside
      her likewise Olivia is getting her short cropped hair sheared as well.
      Then after a few minutes they spray both women with the hair remover to
      the Officers remaining hair as they watch the last of it fall and rub off
      their now bald heads with one of the guards pairs of panties. OK my little
      cunts time to get your new tattoos both Officers are brought over the a
      short narrow wall that is just high enough that they can be bent over it
      putting their ass's up in the air. Mary quickly explains that if either
      tries to move or resist that they will receive a most painful shock. She
      has Cindy bring over one of the shock sticks they used on the other guards
      earlier. She takes it and places it at the back of Olivia's unprotected
      cunt who is now in no position to do anything as she is bent over the wall
      her head down and ass in the air and her feet no longer touching the ground.
      As the stick is eased into her open cunt she tries to move away from the
      intruder but it's no use. Now to give you an example as to what will happen
      to you if you resist us with that Cindy pushes the button and zap a sudden
      jolt of electricity shoots through her whole body causing her eyes to nearly
      pop out her head and the rest of her body jerk and twitch. A painful moan
      comes from behind her gag as she thrashes about till the stick is removed.
      Now do we understand each other?   
Stacy quickly shakes her head that she does good now let's precede.
      Mary comes over and bends over the wall next to Olivia where she takes
      up a position like Olivia. Cindy looks closely and begins to laser Olivia's
      new tattoo on which has to be matched as close to perfect as possible.
      The pain increases as the process continues within several minutes it's
      complete and Olivia is left mewing from behind her gag then Cindy removes
      Mary's. Then Mary swaps places with Cindy and places Stacy next to her
      then puts her matching tattoo on as well with that they are now done and
      both stand back to admire their handy work. Mary and Cindy both awe at
      their work as they look at the tattoo's they wore for years and now have
      placed them on their unwilling replacements. They both go over and slap
      their new replacements on their sore and red stripped rears both women
      moan and grunt through their gags. As the two are easy preys with no way
      to defend themselves from their captures advances.   
Mary walks over to the bag and pulls out another strap
        on cock and throws it to Cindy who quickly straps it on. Then Mary pulls
        out two inflatable butt plugs as she takes one and passes the other to
        Cindy. Both inmates's now begin twisting and pushing the plugs into their
        unwilling captives tight assholes as they mew and twist and turn to no
        avail. The plugs once in place want be coming out anytime soon .AS they
        rub their hands over the humiliated Officers rears they position their
        large black 9" cocks at the two women's unprotected cunts. With no warning
        they thrust forward and bury the cocks deep into the ladies moist love
        tunnels and up into their unprotected wombs. They begin fucking the two
        women with long hard thrusts and with the officers unable to balance
        themselves their bodies, feet and legs just bounce around over the wall
        as they are pounded. Both Olivia and Stacy bent over the wall and either's
        feet able to touch the floor. After about 20 minutes of hard pounding
        the inmates' finally pull out leaving their captives love tunnels gapped
        open. They then take Olivia and Stacy over and redress them in their
        orange prison jumpsuits. Once done they take the two guards and put them
        in a different stall each and secure them to the toilets while leaving
        them bound and gagged spread eagle in them. Each is left with a personal
        toy in their pussy to keep them company till someone will find them as
        their captures laugh and admire their work. Then it's back to Olivia
        and Stacy who sit quietly over in a corner. Well let's get dressed in
        our new clothes as Mary and Cindy put on the former Officers clothes
        wow they fit us like a glove yells Cindy. Once dressed they take their
        helpless captives out to the car waiting. As Olivia and Stacy mew from
        behind their gags they are helped into the backseat and secured for their
      ride.   
Then Mary and Cindy get in the front and drive off with their newly
      acquired toys as they drive on Cindy asks Mary if they are going to take
      them to the trial where they were suppose to go. No I have a better idea
      some other friends asked me a while back for some new meat and these two
      are perfect. But first we need to get them some new outfits and I know
      just the place a few miles up the road here. Don't worry girls I'm sure
      your going to love your new home you'll be getting me and Cindy a few extra
      bucks and providing a loving service to many.   
&nbsp;   
To be continued.   
By: THE EVIL MISTRESS  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Evil Misstress


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





