BDSM Library - Geek Girl




Geek Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The journal of a girl's teenage sexual development, as she discovers sex, boys, bondage and domination."I'm a really great fuck. Like, really. I'm kind of a dork, no, more of a
  geek really, but guys, take note &ndash; the geeky girls? the ones who tell
  dumb jokes and are, like, too smart and don't do their makeup and wear boy's
  clothes... the ones who are silly and freaky and who, to this day, have yet
  to wear an outfit that you can see their body in? Yeah, those girls...
  we'll ride your cock until your eyes roll back in your head, we have sweet,
  sweet asses underneath all that khaki, we'll tie you up and we'll beg to be
  tied up, we know what it is to get wet and we like to get off in front
  of you, and we give the best head. The best. Why? Because those who sleep with
  us, deserve it. Because we've weeded them out. Because we're hot. And y'all
  don't even know it. The cutiepies? Yeah, nice little handbag. But can she deepthroat?
  Psh. Will she tell you to get on your knees and eat her out? Hah. Cutiepie
  ain't that brave, or creative. Next time your crazy neighbor with the silly
  hair and the ripped jeans comes out of her room, take a second look, boys.
  Geeks have secrets. And great tits." &ndash; Anonymous, notproud.com (http://www.notproud.com/pride/pride1785.php)  
* * *  
I'm Samantha, aged nineteen, and this is my journal detailing my hunt for
  the right guy &ndash; the ultimate fuckable boytoy. Usually when people talk
  about hormonal teenagers, they refer to boys. Horny teenagers implies horny
  teenage boys. I don't know &ndash; maybe most other teenage girls did just
  sit around waiting for some guy to sweep them off their feet, love them
  and marry them. I wanted sex &ndash; fantastic sex, and I wanted it badly.
  Let me summarise how it all started for me...  
I first masturbated when I was fourteen. I was watching some film
  with a hot guy in it, and I felt the familiar satisfying wetness in my knickers.
  I put my hand down there to feel how much there was and as I felt around my finger
  slipped into my pussy. I must have touched my clitoris because it felt really
  good. I began to feel around and slowly learnt which places to rub. To cut
  a long story short, I made myself come &ndash; the first of many, many
  times.  
For the next six months or so I was hooked on masturbation. I'd spend a large
  proportion of my free time doing it and probably averaged once a day, if not
  more. Periods did not really slow me down, as I seemed to become hornier during
  that time of the month, which provided enough motivation to get over the whole
  blood thing. It was during these six months that I discovered the wonderful
  world of internet pornography.  
The first time I saw pornographic pictures I was disgusted. The women
  were displaying their pussies for everyone to see &ndash; and you could see
  every last garish grotesque detail. The men's cocks were all huge and veiny
  and redheaded. But I kept returning to the pictures again and again, my curiosity
  getting the better of me. Slowly I came to love the pictures, and moved on
  to movie clips &ndash; which were decidedly more interesting.  
The next significant event in my sexual development after that came
  when I decided to get myself a vibrator. I was newly turned fifteen and
  wanted to see what all the fuss was about concerning these things I had heard
  so much about on TV and on the internet. I had saved up enough money from the
  generous allowance that my parents gave me so that I could afford one.
  Not having a credit card was a major stumbling block however, as it ruled out
  the possibility of a purchase via the internet. I was going to have to go into
  a shop. I plucked up the courage one Wednesday afternoon, and skipped P.E.
  lessons to visit the local sex shop. I was almost immediately challenged about
  my age by the girl behind the counter but I produced my fake ID (something
  no underaged girl should be without!) and that seemed to satisfy her. I went
  to the vibrators and had a good long browse. In the end I chose two &ndash; a
  simple cheap vibrator that was just a plastic stick, and a fullon 'rabbit'style
  vibrator, with beads and a twirling end and a clitoral attachment.  
I hurried home and was very wet by the time I made it into my bedroom and
  locked the door. I ripped the packaging off the rabbit vibrator, and
  pressed it against my wet vaginal opening. I pushed the head inside, and it
  felt so big it was unbelieveable. I was a virgin back then of course, and the
  biggest thing I had ever put inside me before was two fingers. I pushed
  the vibrator in, and just had to lie there for about twenty minutes on the
  verge between pain and pleasure while I adapted to the size of it. When I felt
  I was ready, I turned the vibrations on and immediately cried "ow" as the vibrating
  part juddered against my sensitive clitoris. I moved the plastic rabbit around
  until my "ows" became "oohs" and I held the vibrator there. Three orgasms later
  my clitoris was beginning to get sore, so I stopped. From then on my vibrator
  was my new best friend.  
It was at this point that my internet pornography viewing deviated from 'vanilla'
  stuff into exploring most imaginable fetishes. I watched a whole new
  load of toys, such as butt plugs, strapon dildos and all sorts of vibrators.
  Bondage toys were in a category all of their own; blindfolds, ballgags, blinkers,
  nipple clamps, whips, floggers, paddles, crops, handcuffs, legcuffs,
  spreader bars, chains, rope, gimp masks and chastity belts. I watched men dominate
  women, women dominate men, men dominate men and women dominate women. I watched
  anal sex, 'rape', deepthroating, asstomouth, come flying everywhere and
  landing on every different available part of a woman's body, enemas,
  various lesbian and gay activities, and watersports. I'm sure I've missed some
  out, but by the time I had exhausted all the things I could find, I felt
  that I knew more about the possibilities of sex at age fifteen than most
  people know in their lifetimes. A curious mind is a wonderful thing.  
I also began to act out, in what limited capacity I could, some of the things
  that I had seen. While I had watched all that list above, not all of it appealed
  to me of course. Which bits did and which didn't will no doubt become apparent
  as you read this journal, but the initial couple that I liked and wanted to
  try were anal toys and bondage. One night I found myself lying in bed trying
  to get to sleep while fantasising about some porn I had watched earlier with
  a girl orgasming while having her ass fucked. I rolled on to my front, and
  felt my ass cheeks with my hand. I slipped my finger between them, and
  felt for my asshole &ndash; something I had never actually done before. I found
  it and was surprised at how rough it was, all ridged and closed up. As I pushed
  against it experimentally I felt a twinge in my pussy. I tried to push harder,
  but I wasn't getting anywhere &ndash; it was too dry. I coated my fingers
  in the wetness of my pussy and tried again. This time I was able to insert
  one finger into my ass.  
It felt, well, different. My ass muscles instinctively flexed
  to push my finger out, and I felt another twinge in my pussy. I pushed
  my other hand underneath my body and began to rub my clitoris. That felt really
  good  
&ndash; better than it usually would without the finger in my ass.
  I rolled over and threw the quilt off the bed, all the while keeping
  my finger in my ass. I raised my legs up in the air so that I wasn't
  squashing my 'asshand' and kept rubbing with my 'pussyhand'. It was good, but
  I knew it could be better. Thankfully my small vibrator was in my bedside drawers,
  and I could reach it with my pussyhand from where I was lying. I turned it
  on and began running it up and down my crack, teasing myself. I was so excited
  by the naughtiness of the assplay that I dropped my vibrator, and it fell onto
  my asshand. Realisation dawned &ndash; I removed my finger and began
  to push the vibrator in instead. The vibrator was small enough (maybe an inch
  thick at most) that I barely felt it if I inserted it into my vagina, but in
  my ass it felt huge!  
I was just able to accommodate it, though I had to turn the vibrations off and
  just leave it inside me, holding it in with my hand to stop my ass muscles
  pushing it out successfully. I began to rub my clitoris again slowly and soon
  realised that the ultimate experience would surely be to use my rabbit. The
  problem was, however, that I had hidden the rabbit away in the top of my cupboard.
  I got up, still holding the small vibrator inside me, and reached up for the
  rabbit onehanded. What a sight I must have looked, one hand trying desperately
  to keep a toy in my bum, while my other was scrabbling for my vibrator. I succeeded
  though, and climbed back into bed to play with my favourite toy. Sure enough
  it felt amazing, having a dildo in my pussy while the attachment buzzed away
  on my clit, and my ass tensed around the smaller toy. I ended up having three &ndash; or
  was it four &ndash; orgasms before I stopped. Multiple orgasms don't seem to
  be a problem for me, which is definitely a plus.  
My experience that night demonstrated that butt plugs have a neck for a reason,
  and that week I returned to the sex shop and purchased a small and a medium
  plug. Despite my best efforts, all I seemed able to do with the medium
  plug was make my ass hurt really badly as it rejected the plug so I only used
  the small one &ndash; which did the job. It was rare after that for me to masturbate
  without the small plug in my ass.  
As I said, the bondage in the porn appealed to me, but bondage presented
  a problem &ndash; it was really an activity for two, and I was definitely
  solo. I experimented with tying my legs to the corners of the bed, which was
  fun to an extent. I only really noticed it when my legs started shaking as
  I neared orgasm, and they could not move about freely. Sometimes I inserted
  the butt plug and imagined I was trapped there unable to remove the plug, but
  imagination is not as good as reality. I tried inserting the rabbit and pretending
  I had my hands tied behind my back, but the rabbit just fell out so I gave
  up and held it in as usual.  
That's as far as I got by myself. Now that I've finished with my rushed
  preliminary tale of my sexual development, I'll move on to the main content
  of my story.  
* * *  
When I was almost seventeen, I progressed from secondary school into college.
  While a lot of the people from my school did the same, the college was large,
  full of people from lots of schools in the area, and so it was like a fresh
  start for me. I decided when I started that it was time for a boyfriend. As
  you may have guessed, I did not want him for love particularly; more to have
  sex with someone I could be comfortable with.  
I should probably take this opportunity to describe myself, which I have
  been too caught up with sex so far to do. I would describe my physique as curvaceous.
  I am not stick thin, or even just normal thin, like lots of girls in magazines
  and films (especially porn films!). But nor am I big and fat. A figure
  like Renee Zellwegger in Bridget Jones' Diary, perhaps. I think I have a fairly
  pretty face, but it is always hard to judge your own appearance. I don't wear
  makeup, I make no major efforts to look pretty for the boys like a lot
  of girls do, and I wear baggy clothes that hide my figure well. Before
  college, I had taken no real interest in boys &ndash; and vice versa. My love
  of sex did not imply a love of boys. I found it hard to reconcile the fit
  men with big dicks that I saw in porn with the teenage boys I saw at school,
  and thus didn't bother with them.  
I will not bore you with the details of how I got together with Jeremy, my first
  boyfriend. He was blackhaired, averagelooking and a good laugh. I felt I knew
  him well enough and was comfortable enough to progress things between us. One
  afternoon we were sat on a sofa in his empty house, kissing. I ran my hand
  from where I was holding his head down to the waist of his trousers. I undid
  his zip and thrust my hand into his boxers to find his cock. It was semierect,
  and as I grabbed it I felt it harden even further until he had a fullon erection.
  I began stroking the shaft of his dick like I had seen so many times in porn.  
The first thought that struck me was that it felt much different
  to how I had expected. Unlike my fairly solid plastic rabbit, Jeremy's dick
  was relatively squishy even when erect. And the feeling of his foreskin sliding
  up and down with my hand was weird to say the least. I continued kissing Jeremy
  while stroking him, but stopped kissing when I felt something warm and sticky
  on my hand. I looked down and saw that he had already come  
&ndash; two rivulets of semen were running down the back of my hand. Jeremy
  reddened, and ran off to clean his jumper and trousers.  
The come on my hand seemed to bear no resemblance to the silvery elixir I
  had seen it portrayed as in porn. I sniffed my hand, and then licked
  it. I would not call the taste pleasant but nor was it unpleasant. It was slightly
  salty, but largely bland. I licked the rest off as well, for good measure.  
The next time we were together, Jeremy took me upstairs to his bedroom and
  tried to get into my trousers. I rejected his advances, partly because I had
  no pressing desire to get naked in front of him, and also because I already
  knew what I had and what it did; I was more interested in playing with what
  he had &ndash; his cock. So instead I whipped off his trousers, and took
  his cock in my hand. I paused, a bit unsure about putting it in my mouth. I figured
  I had to try it at some point, so it may as well be now. I have a useful straightforward
  attitude to sex that many girls seem to lack. It's probably why I have all
  these experiences to write about!  
I put my lips around the head of Jeremy's cock and began running my tongue
  round it. His reaction was instantaneous, moaning loudly. Spurred on by this,
  I continued to experiment with what I could do with my tongue to please him.
  What I failed to take into account was that it was not only my first
  blow job, but Jeremy's too. I almost gagged with surprise as I felt his come filling
  my mouth. I contemplating spitting it out, but instead tried to swallow it first.
  I succeeded. Realising that it was not too difficult, I swallowed the
  rest &ndash; which seemed to please Jeremy greatly.  
I won't detail every sexual encounter between myself and Jeremy. I'll just
  tell you about the notable ones, the most noteworthy of all being the night
  I lost my virginity (if I could still be termed a virgin after my previous
  escapades). Jeremy convinced me to strip for him one night in his bedroom,
  and he seemed pleased with the sight of my body, which gave me a nice boost
  to my confidence. He slipped on a condom, and approached my prone form
  on his hands and knees. His cock was roughly the same size as my trusty rabbit
  vibrator , so there was no problem with size as he slid his cock into my pussy.
  The part that I didn't know what to do with was the rest of him; his body right
  up against mine, the two of us joined at the hip. I embraced him, and curled
  my legs around him as he began to thrust.  
I had always expected that sex would be about the same as, if not slightly
  worse than masturbating. The rabbit was, after all, inherently better equipped
  for the job of bringing a woman to orgasm than a man with a dick. What I now
  realise is that it is not all about the vagina. His cock pounded away, and
  his pubic bone seemed to stimulate my clit satisfactorily but it was the feeling
  of being wrapped round this man who was fucking me hard and fast that seemed
  to add an inestimable extra amount of pleasure. Jeremy came fairly quickly,
  but I came even quicker, much to his delight.  
Similarly, I did not expect much from my first experience of cunnilingus.
  I did not see the appeal at first, but when Jeremy first ran his
  tongue over my clitoris I suddenly understood exactly what the appeal was.
  Jeremy did not seem to know what to do, but I guided him as best I could, often
  frantic and demanding as he started doing something really good but then drifted
  on to something not as fun. Over the course of half an hour I directed Jeremy
  in what to do until he finally brought me to orgasm.  
Jeremy and I began trying other positions. He convinced me to go on top.
  I took some persuading as I hated the thought of me being on top, my body jiggling
  all over the place. Jeremy told me that he would love it, and he was right.
  I ended up on top of him as he moaned and groaned beneath me. Instinctively
  he grabbed my ass, pulling my ass cheeks apart to expose my asshole to the
  evening air. Excited by this, I reached behind me and pushed his hands further
  round, towards my asshole, but Jeremy seemed oblivious to my hint. I ended
  up frustrated as he came inside me, missing out on both him fingering
  my ass and my own orgasm. The other position I remember us trying was doggy
  style, which I enjoyed greatly. Somehow, not seeing him at all as he pounded
  me from behind was more exciting than the other positions. I managed to get
  him to grab my ass, but he seemed uninterested in my asshole &ndash; to my
  disappointment.  
One evening I summoned up the courage to try and get Jeremy into bondage.
  As we lay on the bed kissing naked one evening, I suggested that I could tie
  Jeremy to the bed and then go on top. I still remember his exact words: "You're
  kidding right?" he said with a laugh, "that stuff's only for weirdos!" After
  four months and sixteen days, our relationship was over, with Jeremy well and
  truly dumped.  
That experience convinced me that if I wanted to find the ideal guy
  for me, I should start at the kinky end of things and work back to the vanilla
  stuff, rather than the other way round.  
Of course when trying to meet boys from college it's not like you can quickly find
  out who was into bondage by doing a search like you could on the internet,
  my usual favourite source of all things sexrelated. So I just made an educated
  guess. I followed my theory that while some geeks are boring, dull and unimaginative,
  the others are a different matter. They may be slightly repressed or
  shy but underneath they are creative, kinky and dirty. And very horny. Timothy
  was one such geek. He was flaxenhaired, thin (but not bespectacled as
  you might have expected), and definitely a virgin.  
I got talking to him at college, and invited him back to my house, which
  seemed to please him no end. Before he arrived, I strategically placed some
  handcuffs that I had bought for the occasion on a table by the sofa,
  which we sat down on. When he noticed the cuffs, he seemed very interested.
  It was a very simple matter to take him up to my bedroom and handcuff him
  to my bed. I sat, straddling his legs. I decided to confirm what I already
  suspected.  
"You like being tied up don't you Timothy?"  
"Yes, I do. Very much," he admitted.  
"And you're a virgin, aren't you?"  
"Yyes. I've never even kissed a girl." My plan of having him there and then
  began to dissolve as I realised that I shouldn't rush his first time.
  In fact, I realised, it could be something to work up to.  
"Well let's fix that first then," I told him, and spent the next
  half hour kissing him. I wouldn't like to say that I taught him how to kiss,
  as I was never much into kissing, so I doubted I was any good. There were far
  more interesting things to be doing, but for now I stuck with kissing. I could
  feel his bulging cock pressing against my groin, even through both our trousers,
  but I said nothing about it. After half an hour I grew too bored, and decided
  to use my newfound status of dominatrix to get him to leave, just because I
  wanted him to. Power corrupts!  
"I think you should go now Timothy," I told him, "but promise me this: before
  you go to sleep tonight you'll think of me, and masturbate. Twice. Because
  I say so." It was a relatively lame order, but I loved the feeling of power
  I had from telling him to do this, and knowing that he would do it even though
  he didn't have to. Timothy agreed, and I released him then showed him out.
  I went back upstairs, lay on my bed, and masturbated, over the thought of Timothy
  masturbating over the thought of me &ndash; quite possibly the thought of me
  masturbating in fact! After I had finished, I lay there thinking of what
  to do next with Timothy. He was so passive and eager &ndash; perfect for being
  my new slaveboy.  
The next time Timothy came to my house, I led him upstairs into my room,
  and sat on my bed. He stood next to the door, looking slightly nervous, gazing
  down at the floor.  
"What shall we do?" he asked, looking up at me furtively.  
"I think you should get naked, get on the bed, and get masturbating!" I said,
  with a laugh. I was joking as part of my mistress role, but Timothy did exactly
  as I said. He quickly took his clothes off, and knelt on the bed. He
  took his burgeoning cock in his hand, and began to slowly stroke it. I sat
  fascinatedly watching him do it. His dick was slightly smaller than Jeremy's,
  but not by much. There was a thick bush of pubic hair at its base; I would
  have to do something about that for the future.  
"Lie down here," I told him as I shifted round the bed to make room. "I think
  we should play a game. For every kinky thing that turns you on that you can
  name, I'll take off a piece of clothing." Timothy's eyes lit up. "But
  you aren't allowed to touch. If you touch or stop stroking then I'll put all
  my clothes back on. Got it?"  
"Yes," Timothy said, swallowing.  
"First one will give you the jumper," I told him, idly fingering the
  hem of my jumper as I sat between his legs. The excited look in his eyes made
  it all worth it.  
"I like being tiedup and dominated," Timothy said, still slowly stroking
  himself.  
"I already knew that one," I said indignantly. "You can only have my socks
  for that." I took them off and threw them by the side of the bed.  
"I like the thought of being spanked."  
"Better," I said, as I took off my jumper. From the look on Timothy's
  face you would have thought I had just got naked, rather than just letting
  him see my braenclosed breasts. They are Ccup incidentally, which seems to
  me to be roughly in proportion with my figure.  
"I'd like a girl to put on a strapon and make me lick it." I leaned back
  and pulled off my trousers before discarding them. This seemed to excite
  Timothy a lot, although I couldn't tell whether it was the sight of my legs
  or my panties (with, I suspected, a visible wet patch) that did it. Where I
  had expected him to go faster and faster, he was going slower and slower &ndash; presumably
  so that he didn't come too early.  
"Then I'd like her to use it on my ass," Timothy said. I had seen strapons
  used in porn before and they looked quite fun to me, so I was pleased with
  Timothy's revelations so far. I undid my bra, and watched his expression as
  my breasts came free of its grasp. He must be getting close now, I thought
  to myself.  
"I'd like her to do that, while she made me fuck a blowup doll," Timothy
  said, breathless at the expectation of my panties being removed. I raised an
  eyebrow at this last entry, and hooked my fingers inside the waistband
  of my knickers. Stripping for Jeremy had never been this much fun, that was
  for sure.  
"Stop a second," I told him, not wanting him to miss any of my grand finale.
  I whipped off my final piece of clothing, and then got on the bed
  on all fours so that I was straddling Timothy, looking away from him, with
  my groin above his. There were mere inches between his swollen cock and my
  moist pussy &ndash; Timothy had a good view of them both, and my ass besides.
  I slowly moved myself (without the smooth grace that I was hoping for) up the
  bed towards him, my cunt slowly nearing him and the tips of my breasts passing
  above his dick. Once I got into a position where he would only be able to see
  and smell my ass and pussy I stayed motionless for a minute, just listening
  to his quickened breathing as he took it all in.  
"Start again," I said, after what must have seemed like an eternity him.
  I sat up slightly as his hand homed in on his cock so that I could watch. It
  only took three strokes before he began ejaculating, semen pumping out onto
  his stomach. It kept going for longer than I had expected, which I decided
  to attribute to my striptease. I climbed off Timothy, and gave him some
  tissues to clean up. He dressed and left on my instruction (I'm so mean!).
  As soon as he did I lay down on the bed where he had been and masturbated to
  my own orgasm.  
The next time I got Timothy up to my room was when he came round for an afternoon
  of film watching. We watched two films together before I suggested
  that we go upstairs. Once there, I ordered him to strip and then tied him to
  the bed, his arms spread to the corners of the bed. I stripped and sat over
  him as I had done on his previous visit, my pussy hovering tantalisingly over
  his mouth, and my head looking down at his dick as it hardened. I ran my hands
  down Timothy's sides and over his torso. He was quite thin, but still had an
  attractive body. I remembered again about his excess of pubic hair, and once
  more noted that should I ever give him a blow job, that would need to go.  
"Here's the game. In one hour I am going to release you, and we will finish
  playing. If during that time I have three orgasms, I'll give you a hand job.
  Otherwise, you'll just have to go without." With that, I lowered myself down
  onto him. As you've probably noticed, I enjoy these games. I could have just
  sat and told him to lick, but where would be the fun in that? I prefer to give
  him a challenge and a possible reward &ndash; and guys seem to respond well
  to that sort of thing.  
Timothy started off badly though &ndash; I couldn't tell exactly what
  he was doing but from the position of his face I guessed that he was probably
  licking my inner labia. It felt nice, but wasn't really going to get him anywhere.
  I slid backwards slightly so that he would be in the right place, and noticed
  that his cock twinged as I did so. He began licking my clitoris, and I responded
  by moaning in pleasure. He tried licking faster and slower, harder and softer,
  up and down and in circles, guided by my moans and groans. His cock was so
  hard during this that I thought he might even come without me touching him.  
Timothy kept up his licking, and I had two orgasms quite close to each other.
  I've noticed while writing this that I gloss over a lot of the details. The
  orgasms took a long time to build up to and felt great, but I summarise them
  here in a few sentences. I guess after the fact, an orgasm is still an orgasm &ndash; the
  more interesting thing to me is what situation it happened in, which is what
  I'm trying to write about here. What is more of a turnon now is not that his
  tongue was on my clitoris, but that it was there because I was making this
  guy lick me until I had three orgasms before I would even touch his dick for
  the first time.  
After those orgasms, my clitoris got really sensitive, so I got off Timothy
  for a bit. Twentyfive minutes had passed by then, and another ten before
  I decided that we should restart. Timothy started slowly, which helped, and
  took a while to build up to my third and final orgasm, with ten minutes
  left in the hour. I stayed sitting where I was and began grinding my pussy
  into Timothy's face while I took his dick in my hand and began to slowly stroke
  it. It was under a minute before Timothy exploded over his chest, once more
  releasing more ejaculate than I had expected. Careful not to let him see, I
  licked some off my hand. It tasted almost exactly the same as Jeremy's,
  I noted.  
I released Timothy and we watched another film. The following day,
  still pleased with my three orgasms, I set out to the sex shop to try and purchase
  all the things I would need to fulfill Timothy's fantasy. I bought a
  strapon dildo with harness and a blowup doll, as well as a lot of lubricant.
  The shop assistant gave me an odd look, presumably imagining that the doll
  was for practice with the dildo or something like that.  
When Timothy came round to my house a few days later, I told him that I had
  a surprise for him and whisked him off upstairs. I told him to strip &ndash; it's
  so much easier than doing it myself &ndash; and then cuffed his hands
  behind his back, and lay him down on the bed, face down. I pulled on a pair
  of latex gloves, making sure that they audibly snapped into place for Timothy's
  benefit as I walked behind him. I took out my small plug and rolled a
  condom down onto it, amused by the way that the condom was too big for its
  small diameter.  
"Open wide," I joked, feeling like a dentist in my latex gloves. I lubed
  the plug and pushed it home into Timothy's ass as he grunted. I had expected
  to be repulsed by playing with a man's ass, but it was quite fun to watch it
  take the plug and grab hold of it, like a baby's tight fist grabbing
  at anything it can find. Once the plug was in, I went to my cupboard
  and took out the deflated doll. Timothy's eyes widened as he recognised
  what it was, and he licked his lips. To maximise his anticipation I blew it
  up slowly as he watched. The doll had pointy breasts, a long nearstraight hole
  for a mouth, a totally straight hole for a vagina, and a very tightlooking
  hole for an ass. Once the doll was fully inflated I laid it on its front
  alongside Timothy, doll and boy next to each other.  
"I want you to imagine that this doll is you Timothy," I said, as I tied
  its hands behind its back to emphasise the point, "because I'm going to demonstrated
  what I'm about to do to you, by doing it on this doll first." I unzipped
  my trousers and let them fall to the floor.  
I swear that no matter what I did to surprise Timothy, and no matter how
  surprised he looked, he was always more surprised by the next thing I sprung
  on him. So when my trousers dropped away to reveal my strappedon dildo, he
  looked more surprised than he had been by the doll. I got on to the bed and
  pulled the doll's head back before teasing the end of the dildo into the doll's
  mouth. I slowly pushed the dildo all the way in, and then all the way out,
  all the time watching the expression on Timothy's face as he imagined me fucking
  his face with the dildo. I did it a few more times, before going faster, and
  then slower again.  
"And I'll only stop when you wave your hands," I picked up the doll's tied
  hands and let them flop down again, "to signify that you are ready for
  the larger butt plug." I pulled out of the doll and shifted sideways on the
  bed so that I could enter Timothy's mouth. He tilted his head upwards and opened
  his mouth, allowing me to slide the dildo easily into his mouth and keep going
  until I made him gag. I fucked him in the mouth long and slow for a few minutes.
  I could understand why guys enjoyed the idea of facefucking  
&ndash; it made me feel very powerful. I noticed Timothy waving his hands,
  so I stopped and pulled out.  
I grabbed the plug and put a condom on it, then lubed it up. I didn't move
  from where I was, but instead leaned over his prone body to reach his ass.
  I pulled out the small plug and pushed the medium plug against his slightly
  loosened asshole. It did not go in at first so I pushed hard and Timothy's
  ass gave way to the plug.  
"Ahhhh, aggghh that hurts. Take it out, take it out," Timothy whined. I pulled
  the plug out, put the little one back in and sat back down in front of him.  
"Quiet," I said irritably, quickly shoving the dildo back into his mouth
  to shut him up. I fucked his mouth faster this time, and more roughly. Timothy
  let this go on for quite a while before he dared to wave his arms again, jangling
  the handcuffs on his wrists. I tried the plug again, and this time it
  went it without protests from Timothy. I lifted up his torso until he was on
  his knees on the bed, then I picked up the doll and slid its vagina down onto
  Timothy's cock. He grunted as I pushed him forwards again and he landed on
  the inflatable doll.  
"No thrusting," I instructed him and sat down on the bed while I waited for
  his ass to adjust to the plug. We sat there in silence for five minutes
  until I got bored and slowly pulled the plug out. His ass did not close fully,
  and remained slightly agape as I pushed the head of my dildo against the hole.
  Timothy moaned in pleasure as I slowly slid the whole dildo in, idly stroking
  his buttocks as it went in. I had seen it in porn before but it was still a
  satisfying thing to watch in reallife; the dildo slowly disappearing inside
  him.  
I thrust slowly and gently at first, watching the dildo slide in and
  out until I felt that I could up the pace. I grabbed his hair in my hand, pulling
  his head back, and began to thrust hard. Timothy's body was slammed backwards
  and forwards, his pelvis sandwiched between mine and the doll's. I wasn't sure
  if the jiggling of his cock inside the doll caused by my thrusting would be
  enough for him, but I was enjoying thrusting anyway. One thing that quickly
  became apparent was quite how tiring thrusting was. I maintained my fast pace
  for a minute or two but then had to stop to let myself rest. Thankfully it
  turned out that my thrusting was enough for Timothy, and on my next burst of
  thrusting he moaned loudly and I realised that he was coming inside the doll.  
"Oh god, thank you for doing this," Timothy said as I pulled out.  
"Shhh," I told him, and sat between his legs watching as his come dribbled
  out of the doll's vagina past his cock and down to the doll's ass. When I got
  bored of that I freed Timothy and let him sit on the bed. It occurred to me
  while looking at the doll that I would like to be in its place, forced to take
  cock in all my various orifices.  
"Will you dominate me at some point? I think I'd like that," I told him idly.
  The expression on his face showed his response. It was like watching a five
  yearold being told on Christmas Eve that Santa didn't exist. With one suggestion
  I had managed to shatter his illusion of me as a total dominatrix, and I knew
  then that he could never give me everything that I desired from a man; one
  such thing was being dominated by him. We broke up that day.  
I often think back to Timothy and wonder if I was a bitch to him. On one
  hand, all he ever really got from me was strapon sex and a handjob, and was
  still a virgin when we split up because he wasn't right for me in bed. But
  then again, I try to remind myself, he enjoyed every minute of it and I did
  go out of my way to fulfill a kinky fantasy.  
After Timothy I decided to try and find a guy who, like me, would want
  to switch between dominating and being dominated.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





