BDSM Library - Family Business: Fading Suns




Family Business: Fading Suns
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a first in a series of related, yet independent stories in the Empire Universe.  Each story will involve various themes and ideas, and each will in some way lay further groundwork for more in depth and detailed stories in the future... The first tale takes the reader to see how the other half lives, how a female survives in the male dominated kingdom of Gilead...Family Business- Fading Suns  
 Coran Brache' luxuriated in the bath. It had been a long, hard trip, taking
  his House's War Galley out to the Island Republics for a raid, but in some
  ways the trips was worth it, in other, a financial loss. He frowned slightly
  at the thought. Lady Machiko of House Ise was worth a great deal of money.
  Her suicide after being captured was a loss that could not be recouped for
  a long while. He did, however, enjoy taking the money out of the hide who sold
  him the information. He smiled at the thought, dipping his hair into the scented
  water.  
 The door opened.  
 He narrowed his eyes a young girl approached shyly. She was nude with the
  exception of a gold loin cloth bearing the House crest and a golden torc. She
  was one of the Bound, a slave born into servitude and trained from birth to
  server her masters. Her features were pure human, his Sire insisted that they
  only use pure humans a slaves. It was an idea that he disagreed with, but since
  his Sire was the current House Leader, he was to be obeyed. Those who had even
  a touch of Sun Elf blood were deemed too valuable to expend as simple slaves.
  Those half breeds were currently used to attempt to breed true Sun Elf females.
  Those few females that remained were kept sequestered by their various houses,
  and in many ways they were as inaccessible as the moons. Coran wanted to find
  a proper wife when he assumed the leadership of the house, and at times looked
  to the west and the Empire. There it was rumored that a very large and stable
  population of female Sun Elves existed.  
 The young girl knelt respectfully at the foot of the bath, and he took the
  time to look her over. She was young, just out of puberty, perhaps untouched.
  Small nipples topped the smallish breasts. She was bald, with several tattoos
  decorating her pate. Large gauge rings dangled from ears and septum, and she
  moved with a quiet grace. He floated over to the edge of the bath and gestured.
  She interlocked her fingers behind her head and lowered her eyes, spreading
  her knees for inspection. Coran leaned against the edge of the pool and rested
  his chin on his folded arms. He waited for a moment. Her form was excellent,
  a credit to the training programs. He reached out and moved the loin cloth
  aside. She was hairless down there as well, but not pierced or marked. He did
  not have to have her stand and turn to know there was a tattoo on her ass,
  proclaiming to all whom she belonged to. It was another benefit to being one
  of the Bound, the lack of brands. In some ways it was a trust in that they
  placed a great deal of faith in their masters that they would not be permanently
  harmed or scarred. He knew there were other Great Houses that used human slaves
  up as firewood on a cold winter's night. House Brache' was great in that it
  used them wisely. Giving little freedoms to those who were obedient and loyal,
  and punishing severely those who disobeyed. This woman-child was obedient.
  He knew her mother well and was quite aware of the high standards of training
  to which this child was subjected.  
 She was a twentieth generation slave.  
 He rose from the bath and allowed the slave to dry him. She was quick with
  the thick cotton towel, warmed before hand and ready for just this use. A silk
  robe followed and she knelt down and touched her head to the floor as he passed.
  He could have sampled her charms had he wished, but that would take place in
  due time. He was not like his brothers, who would rut with anything that had
  a 'sheath' to stick their 'swords' in. No, he wanted his House to return to
  greatness. To return to that pinnacle of greatness that they enjoyed before
  the fall of the Royal House so long ago. He returned to his chambers and stared
  at the tapestries that lined the walls. Each and everyone woven by house slaves
  detailing the history of House Brache'. He marveled at the majesty depicted
  at the works, the grandeur of the old ways before the Fall. His father remembered
  the old days. Coran was born not too long ago, right before the fall of Iceholme
  and the destruction of the Lich-King by the Empire. The Empire. He turned from
  the tapestries to look out the expansive doorway to the balcony beyond. Far
  to the west he could see the outlines of mountains, the border between the
  Empire and Gilead. Beyond those mountains a great enemy stirred. Beyond those
  mountains lay the salvation for his race. His private chambers were quite large
  in scope, dominated by a single canopied bed at the center of the room. The
  walls were lined with tapestries and paintings, interspaced with weapons and
  armor. The large vaulted ceilings held a fresco painted many years before he
  was born. Upon it was detailed the last battle of the Sun Elf God with one
  of the Forgotten, the Dark Lords that now roamed the land. Rumors had it that
  their God survived the battle, but changed. He did not place much faith in
  such rumors.  
 He dressed quickly in a doublet and hose, topping the outfit off with a
  pair of soft half boots. He only belted on a dagger, but kept his hidden stilettos
  ready incase an ambitious relative decided to improve his lot in life. Murder
  and assassination seemed to be the order of the day as of late as the remaining
  Great Houses spiraled down to what seemed to be oblivion. While it was true
  that many of the minor Houses survive and thrive, the Great Houses of the Kingdom
  are failing. Lesser families are gaining prominence in business and commerce,
  and it would take a strong leader to unite the remaining Houses. Coran fancied
  himself such a leader. Self interest was the bread and butter of every Sun
  Elf still alive, and in some skewed view, Coran's self interest was to rule
  above all, by any means necessary.  
 All his life he was trained to lead, to conquer. He had the best training
  available in both weapons and strategy, served his time in the House Guard
  as a recruit and in the House mercantile fleet, and finally earned the right
  to command one of the House Raiders, an independent unit in the House Guard
  charged with the task of acquiring new blood for the Bound.  
 Dressed, he made his way to the study where his father held court. The older
  Sun Elf still stood straight despite his ancient age, and maintained and iron
  fist in the control of his House. He nodded to Coran as he entered and bowed.
  His two brothers and only sister sat in the large leather chairs that dominated
  the room. It was not much of a study, the books that lined the shelves long
  gone and the only remaining volumes relating to their House and their business.
  A large fire roared in the hearth, and a magickal lamp hovered over the table
  where they sat. There were deep shadows where once sunlight streamed freely,
  another testament to the fall of a race.  
 "Welcome home Coran," Lord Tyberius spoke.  
 "I thank you father." Coran took a seat at the end of the table. His younger
  brothers sat and looked sullen, but his sister looked superior as always. In
  many ways she ruled here now, now that their mother had died of fever, and
  took over many aspects of running the family business as it were. She was capricious
  and cruel, but fair in her dealings. She was not the kind of person one wanted
  to piss off. She was also one of a dwindling number of pure Sun Elf females.  
 "Your raid was a success?"  
 "Only in part." Coran shook his head. "The biggest prize eluded my grasp." He
  related the tale of capturing a Princess of House Ise, one of the ancient noble
  houses from Cathay, and her suicide on the trip home. "I did manage to reclaim
  the money spent on getting that flawed information from the contact who sold
  it to me."  
 "Ah," Tyberius replied. "And the rest of the trip?"  
 "I got the best I could find father," Coran replied. "It is not much I admit,
  but the Islands are not the hunting ground they used to be."  
 "What about expanding to the western side of the continent?" Marko, his
  youngest brother, asked.  
 "The Realms?" Syal, his sister snorted. "The only place you might find good
  stock would be Aquilia, and they have their own means of dealing with slavers."  
 "What about the Empire?" Dorn, his other brother spoke.  
 "Are you really that stupid?" Syal spat. "They would be all over us within
  a week of a raid. And they would not hesitate to lay waste to the entire country
  if they felt threatened."  
 "Syal is right," Tyberius rumbled. "The Empire is out of the question, and
  a foolish suggestion." He turned to his daughter. "How is breeding program
  coming?"  
 Syal lit a pipe and brew a smoke ring. "Slowly. Right now we have thirteen
  bloodlines that have bred true, and twenty seven more that are in the second
  stage of breeding. Once I get my hands on the new stock I can see about incorporating
  the best aspects of it into the Bound."  
 "And the sales?"  
 "Sales are nominal." She frowned. "Only a few of the Great Houses buy our
  product regularly, and the rest of the Houses seem not to mind the cheap slaves
  that are easily expended."  
 "Have you thought about other markets sister?" Coran asked.  
 "Who would buy them?"  
 "The Magi of Falleen might be a good market." Coran replied.  
 She took another puff off her pipe. "I have heard&hellip;stories about them."  
 "We ported there on the way to Cathay," Coran said. "I spoke with a couple
  of officials who mentioned in passing that they could always use some new 'stock'."  
 "I will look into it." She promised.  
 The rest of the family meeting went without incident. Coran was sure that
  his brothers would do something stupid, but they surprised him by remaining
  silent through the rest of the meeting. His father rose and dismissed them,
  and all rose and bowed to the Patriarch of the House. One by one they filed
  out, Coran the last to leave after his sister. He caught up with her in the
  halls of the Manor.  
 "Marko and Dorn showed remarkable intelligence in there." Coran remarked
  to his sister. She turned and frowned.  
 "Intelligence?"  
 "They said nothing." Coran smiled.  
 Syal laughed and relit her pipe, which Coran recognized as once belonging
  to their mother. She exhaled a stream of smoke to the ceiling.  
 "You have segregated one of the stock from your raid." She said.  
 "Yes," He replied.  
 "Why?"  
 "I thought about trying my hand at training." He replied. He had set aside
  a small woman aside from the rest. She was from Cathay, a peasant girl, but
  one remarkably skilled in combat who killed several of his raiders before being
  captured. Instead of killing her outright and impaling her body as a warning
  to others, he took her. He wanted to break her slowly to his will.  
 His sister shook her head. "If you want her broken, give her to me."  
 "I have the right to train my own slaves."  
 "If it is your desire to put your cock in a lion's mouth then by all means,
  do so."  
 "Are you implying that women are better in breaking a slave than a man?"  
 "No, I am saying that you have no idea of what you are doing." Syal took
  a deep puff. "You should have spent the time needed to learn that skill when
  Mother was alive and teaching it to me." She cast a sidelong glance at her
  brother.  
 "How about a compromise?"  
 She stopped. "I am listening."  
 "I break her, you show me how."  
 "It is possible," She conceded. "You would need to be very careful in what
  you do with her. I would like to see her first before making any decisions."  
 "This way."  
 Coran led his sister down to the pens beneath the Fortress Manor. The home
  of House Brache' was a massive ancient fortress near the border of the Great
  Forest. It had many layered defenses from the outer walls that surrounded the
  small town that grew up around the Fortress to the Fortress itself. The slave
  pens were located beneath the Fortress, right above the dungeons and torture
  chambers. There was always activity in the Pens, usually from the Bound as
  they went about their duties. The more trustworthy Bound had small apartments
  where they lived in family groupings in the upper levels of the Pens, but for
  the most part the slaves were all kept in small cages until use. The total
  amount of space in the pens was limited, and every bit was used to the maximum
  effect. There were alcoves along the walls for special activities or private
  pens, but for the most part, all in the cages could see what was happening
  to those around them. The more compliant and obedient slaves resided near the
  top of the Pens, the more troublesome slaves resided towards the bottom near
  the torture chambers. In all, the Pens comprised four levels underground.  
 The cage he led his sister to was one of the coffin style, that allowed
  no movement whatsoever from the slave within, and was positioned vertical for
  the best effect. The insides of the cage were lined with small spikes to keep
  the slave in place. The oriental woman stood ramrod straight in the cage, hate
  clear in her eyes. Syal puffed gently on her pipe as she circled the young
  girl. She tapped the residue of tobacco out of the pipe and refilled it from
  a small pouch, and relit it with a flourish.  
 "She is an excellent catch brother," Syal commented. "Good muscle tone,
  no deformities." She cast a sidelong glance at her brother. "She has the wide
  hips of a breeder."  
 "Will you help me?"  
 Syal came to the front of the slave and without warning reached through
  the cage and grabbed the girl's vagina. She massaged it through the bars a
  moment before inserting a finger into the now damp slit. She grunted to herself
  as she pulled her hand back and licked her finger. She turned to Coran.  
 "I will help you&hellip;if you help me."  
 "What do you want?"  
 "For now your assistance here in the pens will suffice, but I will want
  a boon when the time comes."  
 "Done," Coran keeps his eyes fixed on the girl.  
 Syal turned and returned to the main floor. They were just above the torture
  chambers and the faint screams and cries could be heard from below. Coran followed
  his sister to the center of the room where a young girl hung from her wrists.
  She was one of Coran's catches, just out of puberty and quite combative. Syal
  turned to her brother.  
 "Now this one," She said, smoke leaking out from her mouth. "Acceptable,
  but only with a great deal of breaking. In some ways similar to your pet." She
  remained just out of kicking distance, but that did not seem to stop the child.  
 "What would you do first?"  
 "Whip her into submission." Coran stated.  
 Syal laughed. "Wrong. Although for a male that would not be too out of the
  question." She gestured and a pair of half elf males approached. One of them
  carried a set of straps on the ends of a pole. In moments the girl's ankles
  were strapped to the spreader bar and the bar fixed to the floor. A second
  bar is brought forward and her wrists are rebound into the second spreader
  bar and affixed to the chain.  
 "Shave her head," Syal ordered. The two men complied, both half elves long
  time retainers of the Brache' Household. It only took minutes for the long
  black tresses of the girl to end up on the floor, and the girl to begin weeping.
  Her pubic hair was left alone for the time being.  
 "The breaking of a woman is completely different than breaking a man." Syal
  led him away from the trio and upstairs. "You can brute force a man and expect
  him to remain intact enough to make a slave out of him, but for a woman, force
  can easily destroy her where guile and finesse can make her compliant."  
 The tableau upstairs was completely different. This is where much of the
  slave breeding took place, and instead of cages soft beds lined the alcoves.
  Many female slaves were chained to the beds, all of them in the various stages
  of pregnancy. Several breeding frames were occupied by females that were not
  complying with their master's wishes, and several more specialize frames were
  occupied by a few of the Bound. Coran rarely visited the Pens only the capacity
  to deliver stock. The Pens were his sister's domain for the most part, and
  she did not tolerate interference in what she saw as her inheritance. He walked
  to the nearest woman bound in a frame. The frame was rolled metal tubing with
  a great deal of leather straps attached. The woman was bent over at the waist,
  her legs strapped down at the legs of the frame apart at a thirty degree angle
  from her waist. Straps around her thighs, knees, and ankles kept her legs apart
  and off the floor. A soft leather pad took the weight of her body along her
  stomach, and a dual set of straps were tight across her lower back. a single
  padded bar ran from the stomach to her throat, dividing her breasts. Thin leather
  cords were bound around the base of each breast, making them seem purple as
  a set of leather cords pulled the breasts taut via the slave's nipple rings.
  The cords were stretched tight to the base of the frame. A clip at the throat
  was the attachment point for the slave's collar, and extending from the end
  of the frame pole was an attachment point for various toys. In this case a
  chin rest was added, and affixed to that was a leather ring gag that kept the
  slave's mouth open and ready for use. The slave's arms were bound behind her,
  wrists to elbow, with tight straps. A final set of straps ran from the padded
  bar beneath her above and below her breast to finish securing her to the frame.  
 Coran circled the woman, who eyed him nervously though her head could not
  move. He stopped behind her and looked at her open sex. A thin line of semen
  leaked from her open rose. Syal was busy checking the straps on another slave
  and preparing her for breeding. He ran an appreciative hand over the woman's
  ass as he wandered over to observe. The young woman was bound in a similar
  fashion, only instead of a ring gag her mouth was stuffed with a leather phallus.
  Behind her a young male slave, just out of his teens, was fidgeting under the
  control of a handler, an older Bound male. The young man bore the marks of
  the Bound with the tattoos and lack of body hair. Syal rubbed the smooth head
  of the young man and grasped his penis in her hand. A few gentle strokes and
  then she applied a tight leather cock ring to him. Satisfied, she crossed over
  to her brother.  
 "Begin," She ordered. The older Bound moved behind the young man and took
  off his loin cloth. He applied a wad of lube to the head of his penis and proceeded
  to push into the young man. The young man whimpered as his ass was stretched
  open, but did not move from his spot. Coran marveled at the level of control
  and training his sister's slave exhibited. He never really appreciated that
  fact until he watched the larger male use his penis to guide and maneuver the
  younger man into a position to mate with the woman. To Syal this all seemed
  a regular occurrence.  
 "Some of the older slaves are more in tune with their own sex, and can be
  rewarded with time like this. I usually combine the breeding time with such
  rewards, that way I can get all the nonsense out of the way at once." She commented.
  The young man entered the woman, who grunted as a rhythm was established.  
 "Once you have finished, return to your duties," She ordered the older slave.
  Sweat beaded on his upper lip, but he nodded in acknowledgment.  
 "How many slaves do you usually breed at once?"  
 "Depends on the market," She replied. "Right now we have thirty females
  pregnant, and ten more on the list for breeding. Only three of those females
  are currently in the frames right now."  
 Coran glanced around the breeding pits. True enough, only three females
  were bound, with only one being bred at this time.  
 "Have you ever tried breeding half breeds?" He asked  
 She made a face. "That is disgusting." She stepped to the third slave in
  the frames. She examined the woman's vacant eyes and then walked behind her.
  Coran caught the vacant stare and wondered. She was an older human woman, but
  one not outside of breeding age. Syal made a motion and the handler brought
  the stud back over.  
 "She is leaking too much for my like. Have her bred some more until you
  are certain she has caught."  
 "Her expression seems&hellip;detached," Coran remarked.  
 Syal walked to the slave's head and looked again. "Normal for the fea
      rusve  ."  
 Spirit Broken  ? Coran frowned. "I do not understand."  
 The slave's mouth was held open by a ring gag, and Syal extracted a vial
  from her clothing and opened it.  
 "This Elixir is a rather potent combination of herbs, mixed properly it
  can affect the mind of the person who ingested it. In this case we administer
  the Elixir and then have the slave fucked until all she can think about is
  sex and will do anything to get it." She poured the contents of the vial into
  the woman's mouth and watched her swallow it automatically. "It is good for
  a quick breaking, but it is addictive and makes the slave pretty worthless
  for anything but a quick fuck."  
 "How are you certain each one is pregnant?" He asked.  
 Syal indicated a small crystal that was attached to each woman's collar. "When
  they are pregnant, the crystal will glow. Once the crystal is glowing, they
  are moved to one of the Pens until they give birth."  
 "This is all very&hellip;"  
 "Regimented?" She offered. "Mother set this up after hearing about the Gnome
  factories in Aquilia. If the Gnomes can mass produce some goods, why not we
  mass produce slaves?"  
 "I did not know the business was this well run."  
 She snorted. "All you and the two idiots ever worried about was acquiring
  more slaves, or fucking them, or fighting, or trying to seduce me."  
 He grinned and stepped closer to his sister. "Now would I do that?"  
 She snorted, and then gave him a grin. "Yes, and I recall you did it before
  you left for your little pleasure cruise." Her hand strayed to his cock. "You
  know how hard it is to get good cock around here?"  
 "Then why don't you tell me all about it." He bowed with a flourish. She
  shook her head and led him out of the Pens altogether. He watched her sashay
  up the steps, and into one of the side passages of the Manor. Traditionally,
  incest was taboo amongst all of the Elf Tribes, but the fall and continued
  decline of the Sun Elves have warped much of their traditions and practices.
  Only a few of the elvish societies still functioned with any kind of stability.  
 Syal's room was located in one of the empty wings of the Manor, her real
  room anyway. She maintained the fiction that she remained in the chamber next
  to her father's just in case her father needed some 'attention', but with his
  failing health she knew it would not be too long before he passed beyond.  
 Coran reached around his sister and grasped her breasts, kneading them in
  his hands. She moaned slightly and leaned into his hands. Her room was filled
  with many trinkets and toys, from silken gowns from potential suitors to toys
  from the Pens below. There was even a frame that mounted the ivory carved relief
  of a unicorn's cock. His sister was delightfully corrupt and decadent, which
  suited him in some ways, but he wanted more. A small shrine in one corner was
  dedicated to Astrathe, one of the Dark Gods, and in some ways it worried him.  
 Syal slipped from his hands and left fall her silken robes until she was
  nude. She was lithe and compact, large nipples topped small breasts, and her
  pussy was smooth and ringed heavily. Her round ass bounced as she knelt before
  him.  
 "Oh, master, what would you have your slave do for you?" There was something
  in her eyes that he did not see before. A hint of darkness that seemed to take
  over her mind. The small, rational sliver that remained in him screamed for
  him to run, to leave this place, but his cock ruled him. Here was a Sun Elf
  female, wanton and willing, and he would not be denied.  
 Her hands reached out and slowly undid his belt and armored leggings. With
  a determined glint in her eye she freed his cock and took it into her mouth
  in one smooth stroke. She moved slowly, sensually. Coran felt his buttocks
  tighten under her oral skills as she worked his cock in and out of her mouth.
  She would glance up at him as she slowly withdrew to where the tip was just
  about to emerge from her ruby gates, then plunge back down until he could feel
  her throat tight and wet against his glans. Her cheeks would hollow on the
  down stroke, and her tongue would tease and stroke him maddeningly. She was
  a very skilled fellatrix.  
 "Enough," He gasped, pushing her head away. She seemed to pout a bit.  
 "On the bed," Coran whispered hoarsely. She smiled and moved to the bed
  and climbed on it on all fours, her face peaking back over her shoulder as
  her pussy seemed to open and close all on its own. Coran could smell her across
  the room. He pulled off his clothes and walked to the bed, taking up position
  behind her. With a hand he took his cock and rubbed the head along her slit.
  She moaned deeply and pushed back, only to have him pull back as well. He teased
  her for a moment before sliding home. He had fucked humans and half elves,
  but nothing compared to the sensations of a pure blooded female. His fingers
  dug into her hips as he hammered her, pushing deep. His lips curled up in disgust,
  both at his sister for being such a wanton slut, and himself for giving in.
  The warm velvet that gripped him milked him wonderfully. He grunted once, and
  then came inside her, splashing his seed deep within her womb. There was no
  chance of offspring with her he knew. She took measures to make sure no one
  in the House would conceive without her permission.  
 He withdrew and she was on him again, her mouth fixed on his cock, sucking,
  cleaning. He stared down at her numbly as she worked quickly, and then released
  him. She took a cigarette from a case next to the bed and lit it, blowing a
  wreath of smoke above her.  
 "Thank you brother," She said. "I needed that."  
 Coran crawled beside her. "You are welcome."  
 "Are you still wanting to break that slave of yours?" She cast a sidelong
  glance at him. "Or would you rather have me?"  
 Coran eyed her warily. Trust was not an easy thing to come by, and while
  his sister's charms did in many ways sate his lusts, he found himself incapable
  of trusting her fully. She could turn on him easily.  
 Astrathe. One of the dark gods that roamed the world. Goddess of madness,
  despair, corruption, and disease. She had her talons firmly sunk into his sister,
  and it did not take a genius to see that a long term relationship would destroy
  him. He remembered the whispered tales of Calaya, the Damned. It was she who
  released the Dark Gods from their imprisonment, and it was ultimately she who
  orchestrated the downfall of the Royal House.  
 Coran had no desire to become the puppet of the Goddess of Madness. He would
  have to tread very carefully.  
 "Why not both?" He reached over and pinched one of her nipples. She closed
  her eyes and moaned in pleasure. He gave the nipple a slight twist before releasing
  it.  
 "Have a care brother." Syal warned. "You walk a fine line."  
 "As long as I get what I want, I'll do whatever it takes."  
 Coran walked around the female slave again. His pet project was hanging
  from a pair of wrist cuffs, completely hairless and dejected. He allowed his
  hands to roam her body in random spots, a pinch here, and a caress there. Her
  ankles were secured to the floor, and she was pulled taut between the chains.
  It was the only to make sure she did not hurt any of the other slaves that
  came near her. She already killed one of them with a surprising kick to the
  throat. He did not want to give her the Elixir. No, he wanted her mind whole
  as he took her. He wanted to savor the adoration in her eyes as she serviced
  all his needs. The Elixir robbed the slave of all thought, made her nothing
  more than a pleasure toy, one to be used and cast aside. It was quite popular
  with the other Houses who purchased such slaves. It also kept them docile and
  did not require as many guards as a trained slave would. The Bound were expensive,
  and rarely sold to some of the eastern Houses.  
 The girl, whom he named Uruitewen  , or Fiery Maiden,
  remained silent throughout the ordeal of being shorn. The hate remained in
  her eyes, but it was lessened. Fear replaced some of the hate, and it thrilled
  him. She would be a prize catch once he had finished. He picked up a small,
  leather phallus and applied a layer of oil on it. He wrapped an arm around
  her waist and slowly rubbed it along her slit. She struggled and tried to move
  away from the dildo, but was unable to as his arm held her in place. The oil
  coated toy slowly pushed inward, and she grunted as it spread her labia obscenely.
  The oil he used was one that had several unique properties, first among them
  it caused a slight irritation of the sensitive flesh that was inside the genitals.
  Among other affects was an ingredient that would cause a hyper-sensitivity
  in the slave, as well as an aphrodisiac to further arouse and inflame the slave.
  He worked the dildo in further, making soft, crooning sounds to calm her as
  she fought to eject the invader. The dildo was only six inches long, but it
  was quite large in girth. He flicked his finger along her clit as he shoved
  the entire toy home. Her body stiffened at the penetration, her breath coming
  in gasps. A second, smaller dildo was worked into her ass, this one the size
  of a finger. Syal said it would be best to get a slave slowly used to the feelings
  of anal penetration. Force would only require a healer, and they were expensive.
  Coran strapped a waist belt around her and threaded a leather strap between
  her legs to hold the toys in place. He motioned with his head and the half
  elf attendant left the room. Uruitewen struggled and fought the toys, her protests
  weakening as the oils were absorbed into her blood and body. As a final note,
  he took a pair of nipple chains and clamped them on her small nipples. She
  was almost flat-chested, but her nipples had the potential of being quite large.
  He would work them until they were the size he desired.  
 Coran left her hanging in the private alcove and entered the main Pen area.
  Syal was working with a young female Bound, observing and correcting her posture
  with a crop. The young girl had not even in her menses, but was by all appearances
  well used. Syal motioned for him to come over as she idly flicked the tip of
  the crop across the young girl's nipples. The slave girl bowed low formally
  as he approached.  
 "Open," Syal ordered.  
 The slave girl opened her mouth to reveal a toothless mouth. The gums were
  decorated with small tattoos, but there was not a tooth in her mouth. Coran
  blinked.  
 "You like?" Syal crooned. "She is a test subject I have been working on.
  If it works out I think I will have all their teeth removed. Makes less of
  a fuss when riding their mouths don't you think?"  
 Coran nodded absently. Syal circled them both as Coran stared at the young
  face. There was no fear in her eyes, no spirit. He looked down to see Syal's
  hands undo his codpiece and open his pants. With a flick of her wrists she
  pulled his cock out and stroked it once.  
 "Suck," She ordered. The young girl crawled on her knees towards him and
  took him in her toothless mouth. The sensation was quite unique. She worked
  his shaft like a consummate professional, showing him all the tricks she had
  learned in her training. He reached out and took her bald head in his hands
  and began truly fucking the slave's face. Her throat opened with each thrust,
  and after a nice long ride, deposited a great deal of semen into her stomach.
  The slave girl sucked him clean and crawled backwards after the fellatio.  
 "Isn't she wonderful?" Syal gushed.  
 "She is quite unique." Coran restrained his racing breath. "Are you thinking
  about selling her?"  
 "I might if she proves her worth."  
 "I think I might have a buyer for her."  
 "Who?"  
 "Lorca Keniyal."  
 Syal laughed. Lorca Keniyal was the current Lord of House Keniyal, and a
  well versed purveyor of flesh. He was a good client for which a good deal of
  product was sold.  
 "I'll think about it brother," She said, replacing his penis in his trousers.
  She glanced at the alcove. "Still intent on slowly breaking her?"  
 "I just placed the twin dildos in her and will visit her again shortly."  
 "Be sure to spank her a lot. You will want to make her associate pain with
  pleasure. She will be putty in your hands once that happens."  
 "I'll keep that in mind." Coran replied, stepping away from his sister.
  He returned to the upper mansion and sought out his father, who remained in
  the study where he went over the household expenses.  
 "Father, I have an idea." Coran spoke.  
 "Oh?" Tyberius looked up. "What is it?"  
 "What if it were possible to secure several Sun Elf females from the Empire."  
 Tyberius frowned. "I thought I ordered no actions to be taken it that regard."  
 "You have father, and I have obeyed that order, but I have also been thinking
  about how to get some of the women back from them."  
 Tyberius leaned back into his chair. "I am listening."  
 "What if the Empress was assassinated? What if all the evidence was made
  to look like say&hellip; the Falleen or any of the other Republics might have
  been responsible. The Empire would quickly go to war against them, and leave
  their borders lightly defended."  
 "An interesting, but ultimately doomed thought my son," Coran's father replied. "There
  is no way to successfully accomplish such a task. It has been bandied around
  the Regency Council many times, and each plan brought up more dangers and threats
  than positive benefits. As much as I would like to see more females of our
  race present, right now the sensible course would be to get the remaining scattered
  bloodlines breeding true again. It might take time, but it would be more risk
  free than what you propose."  
 "I see," Coran frowned.  
 "You wonder about finding a mate?" Tyberius chuckled. "House Deveron has
  the greatest number of pure females of all the houses. Oh, there are still
  a great many of the lower class females, but their bloodlines are not as pure
  as the Houses. I have spoke to the Lord of House Deveron in seeking a possible
  match for you, but the cost would be your sister's hand in marriage to a child
  of House Deveron. THAT Syal would not accept."  
 "Perhaps she could be made to see reason," Coran mused.  
 Tyberius shook his head. Despite his age and infirmity Coran knew his father
  was well enmeshed in his sister's coils.  
 "Thank you for your time father," Coran bowed and left the chamber. He returned
  to his private chambers and sat on the large bed and pondered patricide. If
  his father was dead, he could assume control of the House, and quite possibly
  make the changes he wanted. He rolled his head to stare out the window to the
  west. Always his eyes glanced towards the west. His thoughts rolled like a
  ship in a storm. He would most assuredly raid the Empire had he the opportunity.
  He would find a female to bend to his will, to breed a pure heir for his House.
  But first he needed a plan. He rose from the bed. Perhaps a little playtime
  was in order.  
 His slave was right where he left her. Sweat formed a glistening sheen on
  her flesh, and her breathing was labored. Her eyes were closed as the concoction
  of oils worked on her mind. Her nipples were swollen by the clamps, and very
  sensitive to the touch. With a hand he spread her labia to access her hooded
  pearl and stroke it lightly. She shuddered at the touch, and he quickly pulled
  the clamps off her nipples. Her eyes opened in shock as the blood returned,
  her breath hard and fast. Coran unbuckled the belt and pulled the twin dildos
  from her, taking a moment to enjoy the sound of the suction as she was quite
  wet. She may hate him, but her body loved what he was doing to her. She closed
  her eyes as he placed a short hobble chain on her ankle cuffs, and then released
  them. With practiced ease he unchained her wrists and placed them behind her
  with a short chain. He picked up her slim form and carried her out of the small
  alcove and down stairs. The torture chamber was clean, with all the devices
  in immaculate states with the various whips, irons, and tools hanging in various
  points where they could be easily accessed. He carried the slave to the back
  room, where much of the branding and tattooing took place. The wooded and metal
  frame was built to hold the slave in a fixed reclining position for easy access.
  He set her on the leather padded strip that ran along her spine and attached
  chains to the outer rings of the ankle cuffs. he pulled the chains taut, and
  then released the center hobble chain. Her legs were slowly forced open and
  up. Straps were pulled around her lower thighs as she squirmed, trying to escape.
  A soft padded leather strap was pulled around her under jaw as the leather
  strap helmet was affixed to her head. With her head immobilized, he reached
  beneath her and released her wrists. She flailed at him, but he was ready.
  He caught her right wrist and strapped it extended out to part of the frame.
  Her other wrist followed, and he stepped back. Her ass and pussy were exposed
  from the top and bottom, and very little was left hidden from his view. He
  pulled out a leather ring and inserted it into her mouth, then lowered her
  head so that her mouth would be in a perfect position should he decide to relieve
  himself. He turned and looked around the room. It was all open shelving that
  occupied the room, with several hanging scroll work that detailed the various
  parts of the body that were of interest. He looked amongst the shelves and
  found several pieces that he needed. Many of them were designed to pierce the
  flesh of the slave for modification, usually rings. Of particular interest
  was the piercing nipple stretchers. They were a cunning little device that
  allowed for the nipple to be pierced, and then threaded into a screw like device
  that would pull and stretch the nipple until it was at the desired length.
  He returned to his slave and pulled out several more straps, one fastened tightly
  around her waist, right above the pelvic bone, and the last as set of breast
  binders. She fought the straps futilely, never once showing any sign of submission.  
 It was starting to bore him.  
 Coran pulled out several grommet style rings. He would pierce her labia,
  both inner and outer with the rings. First would be the nipples. He walked
  around her to her left breast, taking the abused nipple in his fingers and
  pinching it roughly. She uttered a slight whine as he did so. A pair of open
  clamps pinched the spot where the needle would go, and she bucked and shook
  as he forced the needle through the hole and out the other side of her nipple.
  A simple bar was treaded through the hole and the clamp released. Her breath
  came hard, and he could see her chest heaving beneath the web of straps. He
  crossed to her right breast and copied the left. Both nipples were bleeding
  from where the bar pierced them, and her eyes fluttered, as if the pain was
  about to send her into unconsciousness. He applied the screw to the first nipple
  and applied the tension just enough stretch the nipple slightly. He did not
  want to over do it just yet. With both her nipples pierced and stretched, he
  moved between her legs. A simple needle would not do for the next set of piercings.
  No, applying the grommets would require a hand punch and setter. Coran settled
  on three in each of the outer labia, and two in the inner labia. She was dry
  as he slipped a finger along her slit. No matter  , he
  thought. It would make things a bit easier and less slippery. She screamed
  loud as the punch tore through her flesh, and fought the straps for dear life
  as he set the grommet and then pounded it closed.  
 "Allow me," Syal spoke from the doorway.  
 Coran turned to look at his sister, who was dressed in leathers that accentuated
  her slim form. Her eyes lit up at the sight of the blood and the slave in torment.  
 "What?" Coran said.  
 Syal came to him and undid his trousers and let his cock spring free.  
 "Allow me to do the piercings, and take your cock and stick it down her
  throat. The feeling will be wonderful," Syal's eyes flashed with malicious
  glee.  
 Coran allowed his sister to take the tools from his hands and guide him
  around the frame to the slave's face. Like she was working with her pet Bound,
  she guided his raging erection into the slave's mouth. She moaned as he slid
  in.  
 Syal returned to between the slave's legs. "Are you ready?" She asked.  
 Coran nodded numbly. A part of him wondered what she was doing to him. how
  she could affect him in such a way.  
 Uruitewen screamed, and his cock slid further into her throat. The muscles
  of her throat contracted, and he was rewarded by the feeling of having his
  cock massaged. He pulled out as she started to choke, but slid back in as she
  tried to scream again as Syal rapidly punched and sealed each grommet into
  place. It only took moments for Syal to finish all ten grommets, and Coran
  found himself ejaculating into her throat as the last one was set. He stumbled
  back as Syal admired her handiwork.  
 "I take it you wanted to stretch these out as well?" She asked.  
 Coran nodded numbly, and watched Syal strap a pair of lower thigh cuffs
  to the slave's legs. Thin chains were run from the cuffs to the rings, stretching
  both the inner and outer labia.  
 Coran regained his composure and straightened back up.  
 "Do you want to fuck her?" Syal smiled evilly.  
 Coran walked around to look at his slave, her pussy open and exposed. He
  grabbed his sister by her hair and drove her to her knees.  
 "Make me hard."  
 Syal licked her lips and opened her mouth. It did not take much time before
  she had him hard again. He opened his palm and spat in his hand, and then rubbed
  the saliva into Uruitewen's folds. He shoved into her quickly, eliciting a
  weak moan from the slave. He leaned over and pulled on her nipples as he fucked
  her, then feeling a cool breeze on his ass as Syal fully lowered his trousers.
  He felt her tongue lick and tease the crack of his ass, as he thrust in and
  out of his slave. There was a great deal of friction as she was not wet at
  all, and his fucking did not arouse her to the point where it would become
  pleasurable. His fingers dug into her breasts as he came, spurting his semen
  deep into her, Syal's tongue deep in his ass. He withdrew and pushed Syal away,
  and then pulled himself together. Uruitewen did not fight as he released her,
  nor did she offer any resistance whatsoever as he reapplied the hobble chains.
  Syal sat on the floor, a shocked expression on her face as he walked by her.  
 Coran deposited his slave back in her cubicle and made sure she was secure.
  An idea popped into his head as he fucked his slave. One that required his
  immediate attention. He made his way up to the Seneschal's office. The battle
  scarred elf nodded as he entered.  
 "Can I help you my lord?"  
 "I need you to secure a piece of property for me, just north of the Great
  Forest. It needs to be in a very secure location."  
 "I will see to it immediately sir," The elf spoke. "Is there a time limit
  on this purchase?"  
 "Yes. As soon as possible." Coran spoke. He needed a secure piece of property
  for which to base the operation. It would take years to pull the job off, but
  he had the time to wait. He further outlined the need for the services of a
  large group of discreet engineers to build a Keep and underground fortress,
  as well as the need for a few loyal servants to guard it. As he left he sought
  out his brothers. Both were amusing themselves in the training salle.  
 They were both fighting off several half breed warriors, and making a good
  showing of it. Coran watched them for the longest time, both were very proficient
  with their chosen weapons, but both lacked the singular quality of actual combat
  experience. They could talk the talk, but neither seemed able to walk the walk.
  As the training session wound down, both Dorn and Marko preened like peacocks
  at their seeming invincibility.  
 "Are you actually ready for battle, or is that all just for show?"  
 "What would you know of it?" Marko sneered.  
 Coran raised his eyebrow. "I have a mission for the both of you," He said. "If
  you are up to it."  
 "What do you want," Dorn said cautiously.  
 "I have need of a pair of warriors to take care of some business in the
  capital. I cannot use standard retainers, but I have to trust family for this."  
 "What is the job?" Dorn spoke.  
 "I require several items from a dealer in Kendraspire. You will both be
  given the funds needed for the items, as well as&hellip;discretionary funds."  
 "We're listening." Marko replied.  
 "I have need of a pair of Mithrael blocks from the Coreasyn Metalsmiths,
  and a bundle of Aerlys root."  
 "Why us?" Marko spoke. "Why not get this yourself?"  
 "You both have nothing better to do. It is past time you started to earn
  your keep." Coran replied. "This is family business. There is no need to bring
  outsiders in on this."  
 Both looked at each other. "Alright," Marko replied. "But this had better
  be worth it."  
 "Oh, it is." Coran replied. He pulled a bag of coins from his belt and tossed
  it down into the salle. Dorn caught it and hefted it appreciatively.  
 "I need those items by next week." Coran said as he turned to leave. He
  really did not need those items; he had plenty to satisfy what ever he might
  need them for. As he left the training hall he passed one of his personal retainers.  
 "Make sure the boys are aware of the brigands in the area."  
 The solider paused, nodded once, and then returned to this patrol. His brothers
  were expendable at this point, and the less family member that survived, the
  less he had to share when the time came to claim leadership of the House. His
  only worry was his sister.  
 The tragic news was delivered two days later as the family ate their simple
  meal together. The Seneschal entered and bowed formally, then made the announcement
  that brigands from one of the neighboring lord had raided the caravan that
  Marko and Dorn were a part of. Both were killed as they fought.  
 Tyberius frowned, and looked to his children. Syal seemed taken back, but
  Coran kept his face impassive.  
 The mood dropped dramatically, and silence reigned in the hall for the remainder
  of the night. Coran excused himself as the meal wound down and made his way
  down to the Pens, where his toy awaited. The slave was bound in a kneeling
  position, her pussy rings attached to the floor. Her arms were bound behind
  her in a leather sleeve and pulled taut, forcing her breasts out. A strap ran
  from the armbinder beneath her, digging into her swollen cleft and was attached
  to a leather waist cincher. Her feet were encased in toe boots, which forced
  the slave to walk on the very tips of her toes. A very small heel jutted behind
  the boots giving some semblance of stability, but it was an illusion. All of
  her weight went on her feet and toes. Walking was possible, but painful. The
  boots were strapped tightly to her legs, and when she was not bound kneeling,
  the pussy rings were affixed to the boots. Already both the inner and outer
  labia were stretched out. A leather helmet encased her head, with a leather
  ring that kept her mouth open and ready. Already he could see a puddle of semen
  resting in her mouth. Her breasts were bound tightly with leather cords, and
  the nipple stretchers still in place. Coran was quite pleased with the length
  of her nipples so far, but he wanted them longer. Her sight was taken from
  her by the hood, but he knew she was aware of his presence. She still harbored
  a great deal of hatred for him.  
 He let his fingers play over the elongated nipples, then stopped to pull
  his cock from his pants. He relaxed and let the stream of urine splash into
  her mouth. She gagged, and the urine and semen mixture bubbled forth from her
  mouth and down the front of chest and onto the floor. No  ,
  he thought to himself, that will simply not do  . He finished
  relieving himself and tucked his penis back into his trousers. He turned as
  Syal entered the Pens and strode towards him.  
 "You did it, didn't you," She hissed into his ear.  
 "Did what?"  
 "You had the idiots killed."  
 "No, brigands killed them. Is it my fault that they were to incompetent
  to take care of themselves? You should be thankful they are no longer in the
  family tree."  
 Her eyes smoldered. She was not truly angry, more like displeased.  
 "You weren't fucking them were you?" Coran looked surprised at his sister.  
 She said nothing.  
 Coran laughed. "I am disappointed in you sister. I thought your standards
  were much better than that."  
 "It is my responsibility to see that the family survives. The loss of any
  blood member of the family is a grave one. You threaten this house with your
  recklessness."  
 "I find the idea of a worshipper of the Goddess of Madness spouting rational
  arguments amusing." Coran sneered. He leaned close to her, his face inches
  from hers. "I will rule his house&hellip;you know this to be true. You can
  either accept it or be a victim to it."  
 The darkness in her eyes flared. She did not like being given ultimatums.  
 "Your choice sister&hellip;now," Coran said quietly. "You can be a part
  of my destiny if you should desire it."  
 He ran a hand up her arm, her shoulder, and rested his fingers on her neck.
  He could snap her neck in an instant, but that would be unwise. In truth he
  needed his sister. She knew much of the lore and wisdom in the training of
  slaves, of poisons, and power.  
 Her lips parted.  
 "I will follow," She said. He knew that 'for now' was an integral part of
  her statement, but that would suffice. For now. He would have to watch her
  carefully.  
 "And how would you gain the house?" She asked.  
 Coran stepped back. "I will leave that  , in your hands
  sister." He turned back to his slave and adjusted the nipple stretchers. The
  slave gurgled as her nipples were elongated even further. He noted Syal's exit
  from the pens, but it did not matter. He would get what he wanted from her
  one way or another.  
 Coran came away with a start as someone pounded on the door to his chambers.
  He pulled on a pair of silk trousers and picked up his sword. On the other
  side of the door a pair of retainers stood, both fearful.  
 "What is it?"  
 "My lord&hellip;your father&hellip;" One of them stammered. Coran frowned,
  but followed the two out into the passages towards his father's bedchambers.  
 Syal stood by the door with her own retainers, her face pale.  
 "What happened?" He asked.  
 "Father paid a visit to the pens this evening and selected a bedmate&hellip;." Syal
  said quietly.  
 Coran opened the door. His father was dead, his body looked peaceful on
  the large mattress, but the odd angle of his neck told his fate. There was
  blood on the floor, as well as several bloody rings along with what looked
  like scraps of meat. The rings were quiet familiar to him.  
 "You let him take MY slave?" He said sharply.  
 "I tried to convince him otherwise, but he was adamant." She raised her
  chin to stare at him levelly.  
 He remembered the bondage he had placed her in before retiring for the evening.
  Her arms were tightly bound in a sleeve behind her back, a high posture collar
  around her neck kept her head in one place. A tight waist cincher enclosed
  her waist, and her pussy rings were affixed to a pair of tight leather cuffs
  that were positioned above her knees. Firmly embedded in her pussy was a spiked
  dildo designed to keep her compliant. Her mouth was held open by a standard
  ring gag, and he was seriously contemplating removing her teeth much like his
  sister's Bound pet.  
 He entered the bedchamber and walked around, his sword at ready. He found
  a blood trail leading to the window of the manor, and from there, the blood
  ended at the railing of the balcony. At the foot of the balcony was the spiked
  dildo, coated with blood and flesh. The ground was only twelve feet down, and
  he was sure that she jumped and survived the landing.  
 "Rouse the guards," Coran said, turning back to the chamber. "I want her
  found and brought back to me."  
 The retainers bowed and left, leaving him alone with his sister.  
 "Is that wise brother?" She asked. "After all that trouble to get father
  to pick her too&hellip;"  
 "Why her?" He crossed over to her and stood toe to toe with her.  
 "Why not?" Syal spat. "She was perfect. She hated us, in particularly you." Syal
  turned to her father and composed his body. "You would have had to put her
  down eventually. That one would not have been broken by physical or mental
  means. If you drugged her, then she would be the docile little pet."  
 "I wanted her whole."  
 "Then you are a fool." She looked up at him. "You speak of your destiny
  and your plans, but all of those plans would have been for naught if you let
  that one live. She would have killed you the first chance she got." She sighed. "You
  are still so na&iuml;ve."  
 Coran glowered at her. Her reasoning was sound, but he did not like it. "Then
  when they return with her you may have her." He acquiesced.  
 She beamed at him. "You are learning brother."  
 Coran returned to his bedchambers and sat heavily on the bed. He snapped
  his fingers and one of his sister's bound hobbled over to him and knelt. The
  young woman waited patiently for his command, eyes downcast. He pulled off
  his trousers and spread his legs, and the young girl immediately crawled between
  his legs and began to suck and lick him.  
 She had no teeth.  
 He closed his eyes as the door to his chamber opened and his sister entered.
  He glanced at her after a moment, and she was by the bed, taking in the scene
  quietly. Without another word she removed her robes and crawled onto the bed,
  head down and ass up in a submissive gesture to him. He allowed the slave to
  bathe him with her tongue for a few more minutes before taking his cock from
  her mouth. He rolled over and sank immediately into Syal's warm opening. She
  growled in pleasure as he fucked her hard. It did not take him too long to
  empty his load into her, and he pulled out as she spun on him and took him
  in her own mouth. She was gentle in her ministration of his cock, sucking and
  licking very much like one of the Bound. He knew he would have to do something
  about her eventually, but did not know what. In the end, self interest was
  the guiding principle of the Kingdom of the Fading Sun. This was the lesson
  that Coran always took to heart. Success was easy, just so long as it fit everyone's
  interests.  
At that moment, he had it all. He was lord of House Brache'. He had the wealth
  and power that came with being the House Leader, and he had a plan for the
  future. Of the slave, there was never a sign. Only a faint trace right before
  his hunters got to the edge of the Great Forest. No Sun Elf would enter the
  woods, for the Guardian within was hostile to the degenerate race. The new
  Keep was nearly complete, and with the meeting of the Regency Council, Coran
  had gained a new post. Ambassador to the Empire&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lord Of Storms


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





