BDSM Library - Mr. Miller's Christmas Party




Mr. Miller's Christmas Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Christmas party not to be forgotten by us - or them.Mr. Miller's Christmas Party  
  by  
  Deputy Duffy  
  
 It was a couple of weeks before Christmas, and I was driving my way over
  to the Miller's estate. People around here call Mr. Miller the &quot;King of
  Parties.&quot; And I had finally turned 21, which meant, according to Mr. Miller,
  that I was now finally old enough to attend his famous parties. I had been
  looking forward to this day for some time, so I was thrilled when he called
  to invite me, but a little anxious when he said that first I had to "prove
  myself.&quot;  
 He made it sound simple enough: hand out Christmas baskets full of goodies
  to those in need, while dressed in a classic red and white Santa suit that
  he would provide. It wasn't until I got to his house that I realized that I
  wasn't alone. Nine other guys around my age (none that I really knew) would
  be joining me. After a quick tour of Mr. Miller's impressive estate, we ended
  up in his bar room, which was better equipped then any of the local bars I'd
  been to. When everybody had a beer, we all gathered around Mr. Miller.  
 "Thanks for being on time, one and all. Glad to see some familiar faces
  and some new ones as well."  
 (Mr. Miller had been my little league coach, and, not to brag, but I got
  the game-winning hit in our league championship. It was only a single, but,
  over the years, Mr. Miller never forgot it or me. I'm pretty sure it was the
  only reason I was invited.)  
 He talked to us about our Santa duties and some about himself growing up
  poor. He seemed pretty sincerely humbled by that fact that he was now rich.
    He never told us how he acquired his wealth, but I'm not sure it was by legal
    means. That's why I was so nervous. (For one thing, if my parents knew I
    was here they would absolutely kill me.) But that also made it exciting.  
 "And now the fun part," he said with a laugh. "And keeping with the spirit
  of the season, if you do a good job you shall be rewarded."  
 "Cool,&quot; I thought, "I could really use some cash."  
 "Later that night I'm throwing a little Christmas party, and you are all
  invited, and, come July, my 4th of July party as well."  
 We cheered. It wasn't money, but it seemed like a good reward. Although
  I didn't know anyone personally that had ever gone to one of those parties,
  I'd heard the rumors of wild times. His 4th of July party was legendary around
  these parts for its beer, babes, and bands. (Not particularly in that order.)
  I had been watching his personal fireworks display from outside of his fences
for years, so I was pumped with the news.   
He broke into a wide smile. "And, better yet, I will personally guarantee
  you each the opportunity to get laid."  
 We cheered even louder. (Forget the fireworks.) Just then a stunning blonde
  walked into the room wearing a shimmering silver dress. There were more cheers
  and some hooting.  
 Mr. Miller laughed. "Ah...but not with her." He kissed her. "Honey, you
  walked in at the most inopportune time."  
 She just shrugged her shoulders.  
 "Never mind," he said, rolling his eyes.  
 "I just wanted to tell you that the doctor is here."  
 "Very good." He kissed her again, and then we all watched her walk away.
  (Mr. Miller was one lucky dude.)  
 "What's with the doctor, Mr. Miller?" A voice asked.  
 "Ok, before you can participate in the fun and games you must see the doctor
  to get a blood test and to get your equipment checked out."  
 "Equipment?"  
 "Yeah, to be blunt, your cocks, gentlemen, to make sure you're clean and
  good to go."  
 I gulped (not that I was worried about that, having not been laid in over
  a year and having only been with two girls in my life), it just sounded a little
  embarrassing. Taking a look around the room, no one was smiling anymore.  
 "C'mon guys, it won't be that bad. I even found a pretty doctor for you.
  Just don't treat her with disrespect, because she is a real doctor and, from
  what I hear, a good one. Once you take your test, though, you are to abstain
  from sex, any sex, until the party."  
 "That shouldn't be hard," I sighed to myself, and, looking around the room
  again, at the collection of average Joes that filled it, I figured none of
  us would.  
 The silver dress walked into the room again, followed by a heavy nurse dressed
  in white and by a tall blonde woman in a gray pants suit, whom Mr. Miller introduced
  as the doctor.  
 After some chitchat, the doctor and nurse went into this large bathroom,
  just off the bar area. Mr. Miller waved his hand and split us into two groups
  of five. I cursed, inwardly, because I was in the first group (in fact, the
  first in line). I walked into the bathroom on nervous legs. The nurse had me
  fill out a form and took some blood. Then she sent me over to the doctor. My
  heart was pounding. (I have a male doctor, and he is anything but beautiful.)
  It didn't help that she had a sexy foreign accent (Swedish or German, I think)
  that I could barely understand. She seemed to want me to undress.  
 I looked around at the four guys behind me. "Great," I sighed. I kicked
  off my sneakers and slipped out of my shirt and pants, grateful that she'd  
  said nothing about my boxers. She began by checking my heart with her  
stethoscope. She chuckled, probably because it was racing. I had to say "ahhh" next.   
Then she stepped back. "Plizz trop de zhorts."  
 I nodded, took a deep breath, and slid my boxers down. She stepped  
  forward, very business-like, turned my head and grasped my left nut. I  
  instinctively coughed -- and then again when she grabbed the other one.  
  (It wasn't sexual, but the next part certainly was.) She looked around,  
  and I guessed that she was looking for a stool or something. Finally she shrugged
  and just squatted down in front of me. I gasped.  
 &quot;Yoost relats,&quot; she said.  
 But there wasn't a chance of my relaxing, because, at that moment, she also
  grabbed my flaccid penis. She felt around as I tried to think of dead puppies,
  since this wasn't the time or place to pop a woody. My face was burning, because
  it was the first time a woman had ever inspected me in this state.  
 When she said I was clean, I dressed as quickly as I could and headed right
  for the bar, where I helped myself to another cold beer. The other five guys
  wanted to know what happened, but I tried to play it cool.  
 "No biggie," I said, and then I laughed to myself. "That's probably what
  the doctor said, too."  
 ***********************************  
 The next week was a long one, but I managed to get my Christmas shopping
  done. I tried not to think about the party, but I couldn't help it, because,
  instead of sugar plums, dreams of wild orgies kept dancing in my head. I wished
  I were more experienced at such things.  
 The Saturday before Christmas we met up at Mr. Miller's again. I was a little
  surprised that everyone showed up. I know I had second thoughts. After we all
  dressed in our Santa suits (I honestly felt a little silly), we split into
  two groups of five and headed out. My group visited a nursing home and a Senior
  Citizens center. For a couple of hours I forgot about the party, and, honestly,
  it felt good to spread some cheer.  
 When we got back to the Miller place we were led into what looked like a
  small guesthouse. We had to wait for the other Santas to return. I, for one,
  was restless, pacing the floor, ready to party. But it turned out that we had
  one more task.  
 Mr. Miller's oldest son, Derek, came in and started barking orders: five
  Santas were to help park cars, and five were to hand out welcome gifts and
  flowers. I got the parking detail. I was thankful it wasn't real cold out,
  because we had to park the cars in a lot a couple of blocks away and take a
  golf cart back. The guests seemed to get a kick out of the Santa valets, but,
  as the night wore on and the cars dried up, we began to lose our patience.  
 Derek and some large guy in a cheap suit and sunglasses (at night) came
  out and got us and led us back to the guesthouse.  
 "C'mon, where are the chicks?" I heard one of the Santas ask.  
 Derek rushed over and got in his face. "Who said you could talk, dickweed?"  
 I guess the guy gave the wrong answer because Derek punched him in the gut
  and told his goon to "get rid" of him. My heart skipped a beat as I hoped that
just meant to throw him out, not to bury him. I was really starting to second-guess
myself now, while feeling like I was in a little over my head.  
 "Now, any more stupid questions?"  
 The room was silent.  
 "Good, now my father sends his apologies, but he has guests to tend to,
  so I'll give you the rundown."  
 The big goon returned and I sighed. (He couldn't have dug a hole that quickly.)  
 "Well, Santas," Derek said, with a chuckle. "You did a good job with the
  charity thing and the car parking thing and your other stuff...so if you want
    to  
  know what your reward is then stay. If you want to leave and join that other
  dick-head, now's the time. After this, there is no turning back. You will do
  as you're told."  
 No one moved. (I stayed, because I was curious and a little too nervous
  to do anything but stay. Plus, I had made it this far.)  
 "Ok, eventually the party starts to slow down, so my dad came up with a
  solution. You see, you guys are going to provide some entertainment."  
 "Great," I said to myself, picturing us all singing Christmas carols.  
 "It's usually pretty funny," the big goon bellowed.  
 Derek nodded. "Now, if I had my way, I wouldn't tell yah shit, but I'm just
  following dad's orders, like always."  
 (Derek was a typical silver spoon child. Most people just called him an
  asshole -- but not to his face.)  
 "He wanted me to tell you that he has arranged for you the opportunity to
  get the company of a hot babe, to do with as you please, for one hour. Call
  it your Christmas gift."  
 After a couple of seconds the room rumbled, some high-fives were also exchanged.  
 "Sounds good, right? I'm sure some of you guys couldn't get laid in a whore
  house with a fist full of cash...so...." He had himself a good laugh.  
 "But, then again, these aren't whores, just regular women who've been...let's
  say, 'persuaded' into playing along." He chuckled.  
 I was a little puzzled, but trying to follow along.  
 "My dad put up ten grand of his own cash, which goes to the winners. All
  the losers, well, they have to have sex with you creeps for free, whether they
  like it or not."  
 One of the Santas suddenly rushed past and out the door.  
 Derek pulled out his cell phone. "Hey, there is a Santa ass-clown heading
  your way, make sure he gets an ass kicking before he leaves." He said it loud
  enough that I knew it was intended for our ears, too.  
 "Anybody else?" he said with a hiss. "I mean, you don't even have to do
   anything with them, read them a fucking Christmas story for all I care. Or
    you can keep your Santa disguise on and fuck them silly, they'll never even
    know who did it. It's up to you."  
 One of the Santas raised his hand. "What do you mean 'persuaded'?"  
 "Put your dumb-ass hand down!" Derek barked. "What are you, in the 4th grade?"  
 "C'mon, I think you'll figure it out when we get in there. One small rule,
  no talking to the guests. If anyone talks to you, just HO-HO-HO.... Got it?"  
 I followed him back to the big house, more nervous than ever since he had
  ducked explaining &quot;persuaded.&quot;  
 We were all given the opportunity to hit the bar. Usually I drink beer,
  but instead I ordered a tall Jack and Coke (liquid courage) and found my  
  seat. That was easy, seeing as it was one of 10 that had "Santa" written  
  on the back. They were located on the end of a stage that went down the  
  center of what Mr. Miller called his "grand ballroom," now set up like a  
  fashion show, with two banks of television monitors at the far end of each
  side of the stage.  
 I scanned the crowd lining both sides of the stage. There were a lot of
  faces,  
  some I kind of knew, most I didn't. The men all wore black tuxes, and the women
  fancy red dresses. Once again I felt silly in my Santa suit, but I finally
  guessed that that was the point.  
 I was almost done with my drink when Mr. Miller walked through the red 
   curtains at the far end of the stage, and the house lights dimmed. After some
    applause, he moved over to a microphone stand. Mike in hand, he went on to
    thank everyone for coming. After telling a couple of jokes, he moved to the
    front of the stage.  
 "And here are my Santas." The audience roared. "Yes, they had quite a day
  with the old fogies, but let's not keep them waiting any longer. As my son
   told you, I have a special present for each one of you. Let's bring out present
  number one...."  
 The crowd applauded. I saw a face peek out through the red curtains.  
 "C'mon, don't be shy."  
 Her face disappeared, and then she seemed to be pushed through the curtains.
  Some laughter fluttered through the crowd.  
 "And here she is...present number one.... C'mon, down to the front of the
  stage and back."  
 I watched analytically as the shy brunette walked my way. The first thing
  I  
  noticed was her sexy outfit. Her top was silky red and long sleeved, like something
  a pro cheerleader wears, but it covered little more than a bra  
  would. Her micro-mini skirt was black and so short that, when she turned in  
  front of me, I could see her white panties. As she walked away, I admired her
  shiny, red, high heeled knee boots.  
 A second girl followed in the same sexy outfit. It wasn't until she walked
  by  
  that I saw that they also wore red furry hats with white pomp-poms, like mine.  
 I tried to pay more attention to their faces, particularly when the fourth
  girl (and first blonde) walked out, because I recognized her. Her name was
  Mary. Back in high school, she was in my homeroom and went to the prom with
  my lacrosse captain, and yet she was so cute that she still looked like she
  was sixteen...a scared sixteen.  
 The seventh girl also caught my eye. Her name was Debbie. We grew up on
  the same street, but she went to a private school. She was my first kiss, but,
  unfortunately, that was the most I ever got, because we kind of drifted apart
  as we got older. But I still called her a friend. "Maybe I'll get a chance
  with her," I thought. And my brain added, "Or maybe someone else will."  
 I also thought about how good she looked (she'd shed her baby fat) and remembered
  some of the good times we shared. I wondered if the funny feeling was lust
  or jealousy.  
 When all the girls were lined up, I counted ten of them. Before they were
  led away, I noticed that none of them looked very happy.  
 The lights came up, and I headed for the bar again. Drink in hand, I kept
  waiting for the girls to return. I wanted to say "hi" to Debbie (or maybe 
   just get to her before anyone else did). But over an hour passed, and they
   didn't come out again. I just kept wondering how Debbie (or any of them) 
  got mixed up in this.  
 The lights dimmed again, and Mr. Miller reappeared on stage.  
 "What next?" I wondered, as I returned to my seat.  
 "I'm sorry for the delay, but we had to prepare the girls for the fun. I
  said FUN! Are we ready to have some fun?" Mr. Miller was working the crowd. "Santas,
are you ready for a little fun down there?"   
 
  At this point I was ready, but still a little uneasy.  
 "What do say we bring out the girls again? I said 'girls,' people." The
  crowd roared. "Alright son, start bringing 'em out."  
 Derek came out through the curtains holding something in his hands, and
  then a girl quickly followed. I focused and realized he was holding a chain
  attached to a black collar around the girl's neck. She was also gagged with
  a red ball gag. As he led her down the stage, I got a better look. When she
  turned, I saw that her arms had been bound behind her back with some sort of
  black forearm cuffs. I gulped my drink. Now, I knew I was in over my head.  
 Mr. Miller's other son brought down the next girl. She seemed to be struggling
  with her composure. When she turned in front of me, I expected  
to see her white panties, but instead I saw un-tanned skin. "God, she's panty-less....
Maybe they all are!" I mentally gushed.  
 Derek brought the next girl out and she was flat out crying. He was also
  pretty much dragging her down the stage. I felt for her, but some of the crowd
  was teasing her. Then the crowd suddenly roared. Mary was being led down the
  stage, next. Her top was untied, and, with her arms bound behind her back,
  her ample breasts bounced with every step. She had tears streaming down her
  cheeks. When she got in front of me, I saw that her top was actually torn,
  as if in a struggle.  
 I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Girl after girl was led down the stage,
  until all ten of them were lined up again. (Mary was the only topless one.)
  I wanted to run up on stage and get Debbie out of there, noticing that she
  was struggling with her composure. Most of them were.  
  
  I figured these girls got a little more than they bargained for, and it wasn't
    over yet.  
 Mr. Miller announced, "Now, take them away."  
 When the girls were cleared off, Mr. Miller called the Santas up onto the  
  stage.  
 The one next to me whispered, "Oh, god, here we go," as if reading my mind.  
 We gathered around Mr. Miller near the curtains. "Pretty exciting stuff,
  huh?"  
 One of the Santas tried to ask a question, but Mr. Miller put his hand up."No time for questions -- the girls are waiting. Here is all you need to know."  
 We ducked behind the curtains and moved in closer.  
 "Think back to the tour I gave you. Remember that the upstairs contains
   seven rooms. Well, go up, choose one, and enter. But once you're in a room,
    you're in for the whole hour -- so choose wisely. If you're lucky, you'll
    find one or more girls in the room, but there is one room that will be empty.
    We call it the 'jerk-off' room." He laughed; it was obvious he was having
    some fun with us. "And, not that this concerns you, but the girl or girls
    get handsomely rewarded if no one picks their room."  
 ("Oh," I thought. "That must be the ten grand that Derek mentioned.")  
 "Now, with seven rooms and ten...ah, eight Santas, it's obvious that there'll
  be at least one room with more than one of you. So share nicely -- no fighting.
  And no rough stuff with the ladies either, unless it's just rough sex. If you
  want to untie or un-gag them, then you take your chances, because they're not
  going to be all that happy to see you come through the door. But relax, it's
  not like anyone put a gun to their heads. They all agreed, for whatever reason,
  to participate."  
 "They're ready, dad," Derek announced, as he came stomping down the spiral
  stairs that led to the second floor.  
 "Oh, an alarm will signal the start and end of the hour, so wait for it,"   
Mr. Miller said. "And you'll find some goodies in each room."  
 The first Santa made his way up the stairs. I was still feeling uneasy about
  the whole thing.  
 Mr. Miller's other son came over. "All the TVs are coming in crystal clear,
  dad."  
 
"Great, let's get this going," Mr. Miller said, pushing another Santa
  towards the stairs. He turned to the rest of us. "Oh, did I forget to mention
  that we will be watching your performance?"  
 "What the...!" I thought. "As if I needed more pressure."  
 In wiping a bead of sweat from my face, I felt my fake beard. "Oh yeah,"  
  I said to myself, glancing at the other Santas (who all looked exactly like
    me). "No one would ever know, would they?"  
 A strange feeling came over me. It was time for another Santa, and I rushed
  past the others and up the stairs. When I got to the top, I saw that a cheap
  suited goon guarded each of the doors. I looked right and then went left and
  just picked the last room on the left for no particular reason. The goon opened
  the door and reminded me to wait for the signal. I stepped in and saw...TWO
  girls! "Yes!" I hissed, clapping my hands. I noticed that I'd picked the study.
  It was full of books and maps. But I was really only interested in the dark
  haired girl curled up on the wooden desk and the blonde on the old fashioned
  love seat. They weren't Mary or Debbie, but they were still better than anything
  I'd ever been with.  
 Nervous minutes passed. Too flustered to come up with a plan, I was just
  staring at them. I did notice that their collars had been removed. The door
    creaked open, and another Santa entered.  
 
"Shit." I sputtered. Now, not only did I have to perform in front
  of an  
  unseen audience, but also another guy right in the same room.  
 We stood next to each other, but didn't speak. I don't think he was too
   happy to see me, either. A high-pitched alarm caused me to jump. The
  other Santa looked at me and then rushed over to the desk.  
 "I guess he made his choice," I thought, going over to the lovely blonde
  curled up on the love seat. "But I'm not complaining."  
 I looked at my watch and noted the time, before I propped the blonde up
  and brushed a strand of shiny hair out of her well made-up face. She backed
  away from another attempt.  
 "I'm not going to hurt you."  
 (I don't know why, but I thought that was important. Maybe it was because
  I could hear the brunette's muffled cries, as the other Santa was tearing off
    her costume and calling her nasty names. Even given the circumstances, I
    didn't want to be that guy. Not that I wasn't going to fuck her -- I just
    wasn't going to be a dick-head about it.)  
 Sitting on the edge of the seat, I ran my hand lightly over my present's
  body, admiring her smooth flesh and soft curves all done up in sexy gift wrapping.
  Yes, my present was wrapped nicely, but it was time to unwrap it. She whimpered,
  as I grabbed the bow that tied her top and pulled it free. I giggled a little,
  as her pink nipples came into view. I spent some time playing with her perky
  breasts and her little pink nipples, as she squirmed under my touch, but not
  too much time, because I still had some unwrapping to do. The skirt was easy.
  I just lifted it up, and it flipped up over her stomach. That was good enough.  
 "Yes! Shaved!" I ran my fingers along her pussy lips. "Smooooth...," I said
  to myself. She didn't back away from my touch now, as she must have conceded
  the inevitable, given that, only a few feet away, the other Santa was already
  fucking his present.  
 Sliding a finger into her pussy (she moaned into her ball gag), it seemed
  to me that her pussy was already wet. "Or was it artificial lubrication?" I
  wondered. I picked up a leg by her red boot, taking a minute to admire them
  before placing it behind my back. (I figured I must have a boot or high-heel
  fetish, because I shivered just from touching them like when I first touched
  her breasts and her pussy.)  
 Pushing her thigh over, I now had a better view. Her pussy was definitely
  glistening and felt slimy. I ran my finger lower and discovered even her asshole
  was greasy.  
 Hmmm," I hummed, as I swirled my finger around and then slowly pressed on
  her asshole. She barked into her ball gag, and I'm sure she was calling  
  me some obscenities. My finger broke her seal and slowly pressed in deeper.
  She was really pissed now. I felt her boot kick me in the back. It didn't hurt,
but did remind me that she wasn't totally helpless.   
 
  In a quick move, I flipped her over and spread her knees apart. Her chin  
  rested on the seat's back. I pulled up on her arms when she tried to close
  her legs -- back apart they went, and back went my finger into her asshole.
  And this time she was powerless to resist me. I think it was more of a power
  thing than really being into her asshole. And it seemed like someone had taken
  the time to prep my present for some anal play, because, when I pulled my finger
  out, it was quite clean (just a little slimy).  
 All this had gotten me as hard as I ever remembered. I quickly pulled down
  my red furry pants down and then my underwear. I shivered from the sudden rush
  of cool air. Leaning forward, I rubbed my hard cock against her asshole. She
  flung her head back and moaned into her ball gag, while shaking her head. I
  stood frozen, battling with my conscience. Then I rubbed my cock against her
  pussy lips, and she sighed and nodded her head. It wasn't a rousing sign of
approval, but I took it and pressed on.   
 
"Thank you, Mr. Miller," I mumbled. It took a bit to find my rhythm, since it
was my first time doing it doggie style. But I finally did, and away we went.
It suddenly hit me that it was my first time having sex without a rubber, too.
The blood test and quick exam from the hot doctor eased my worries. Picking up
the pace, the thought of the hot doctor examining all of the girls I saw on stage
floated into my head, and this really got me going so much that I couldn't hold
out any longer and let go deep inside her pussy.  
 As I was sitting for a second to catch my breath, a bottle of something
  caught my eye. I moved over to it and found it was a bottle of champagne sitting
  in a silver bucket of ice. There were also a couple of bottles of water. I
  chugged one of the bottles of water and grabbed another one, as I really didn't
  want to take the time to try to figure out how to open the champagne. The blonde
  had managed to flip over by the time I returned to my seat. I found a hanky
  in my shirt pocket, and, after wetting it, I cleaned up her pussy. (If it wasn't
  my own cum leaking out of her, I would have thought it was pretty gross.)  
 I turned to the other Santa. (I was happy that he was staying on his side
  because I wasn't in a sharing mood.) He had his girl in an office chair, her
  legs on his shoulders, and he was really pounding away. I tried to take some
  pointers, as he was obviously more experienced than me. It did feel a little
  strange to be so close to the action. I also suddenly remembered the crowed
  of onlookers. I bent down and picked up my underwear and put it over my lap
  and then I scanned the room looking for cameras, but they must have been hidden.
  Feeling my fake beard I chuckled. "No one's going to know who's who, dumb-ass."  
 The blonde moaned into her gag. She was looking a the bottle of water I
  held in my hand.  
 "You want some water?" I teasingly asked with a laugh. She whimpered and
  batted her eyes. I tried to resist feeling sorry for her. Looking at my watch,
  I saw that I had more time. I reached for her breast, but she backed away and
  again nodded at my water. I noticed some saliva dripping from her ball gag.
  I figured she could probably use some water, but was a little hesitant to un-gag
  her. I also remembered what Mr. Miller said about "taking your chances." In
  the end, though, I just couldn't help it. I did feel for her, and I also wondered
who she was and how she ended up in this compromising position.   
Sometimes I'm a real pussy.  
 I held my breath and reached around her head. The gag was held by a small
  silver buckle. It was simple to undo, and I pulled it free. She gasped for
  air and pleaded for some water. I poured some into her mouth (making sure some
  slopped down over her breasts).  
 After a couple of seconds for her to catch her breath, I asked her what
  her name was. She stared at me like it was a hard question, and then she just
  shook her head.  
 "What, you don't know your name?" I said, pulling on my fake beard.  
 "I thought Santa is supposed to know everything," she said, rather wisely.  
 "Behave," I said, waving the ball gag.  
 "I'm sorry, but this is just so unbelievable," she said. And I had to concur.
  Never, when I left the house this morning, did I imagine all this would happen.  
 After a minute or two, I asked her, "How did you get involved in all this?"  
 She looked away. I tried a few more questions, but she wasn't answering.  
 "Will you untie me now?" she asked, and then she batted her sexy dark eyes. "Please...my
  arms are sore."  
 I nodded, figuring it had to be uncomfortable. But, when I started to reach
  around her, she giggled. I pulled back and looked at her.  
 "Please," she whined. But this time she forgot to bat her eyes. I started
  thinking: Yeah, she probably gets her way with those bedroom eyes and that
  blonde hair. So hot and sexy, she wouldn't give a guy like me the time of day.
  So cocky. She probably came here tonight and figured she'd walk away with the
  ten grand. Well, she was going to walk away with something alright, something
  warm and sticky. I grabbed her by the shoulders, stood her up, and then pressed
  down until she dropped to her knees. I guess I'm just not that much of a pussy
  after all.  
 "What the fuck are you doing, asshole?" she cried out, attempting to pull  
  away.  
 "If you're not going to be friendly, then it's time to use your mouth for
  something else."  
 She swayed back against her heels and shook her head. I was already tired
  of that move, so I reached out and grabbed a handful of hair.  
 "After all, it's Christmas, a time for giving, and I figure it's time that
  you gave me a blowjob."  
 It took a few attempts, but she finally relented and took my cock into her
  mouth. I was rock hard again in seconds. Because she couldn't use her hands,
  I used mine to guide her head back and forth. I was startled by the other Santa
  dragging his girl over towards us.  
 "Good idea," he said, grabbing the bottle of water. He un-gagged her and,
  after giving her a little drink, he was fucking her face too, right by my side.
  I was a little uncomfortable at another Santa dude standing so close, but I
  tried to focus on the blonde kneeling in front of me. Since I'd already cum
  once, I was able to hold out longer this time, but don't think I set any record
  before I was ready to spurt again. The blonde closed her eyes tight as I jerked
  my cock in front of her face. A handful of hair kept her in place as I let
  go on her pretty face. I used my cock to rub it around and make it nice and
  messy. The other Santa chuckled and followed suit a couple of minutes later.  
 We cleaned up their faces a little before bringing them over to the love
  seat. He suggested we do them doggie style. I nodded, and together we prodded
  them into position. I noticed that his present was clean shaven, too.  
 The other Santa punched my shoulder. "Man, these girls have great asses."  
 I nodded. They certainly did.  
 "I wanna fuck'em up the ass."  
 "I don't know." I said, looking at them, surprised that neither of them
  said anything. "Think we should?"  
 (It was like they were still in a fog after the facial abuse. Of course,
  if the blonde had been nicer, she could have avoided this.)  
 "Did you see the toys?" the other Santa asked. I shook my head. He brought
  over this basket with a bunch of sex toys in it and a tube of lotion. I was
  clueless, but he seemed to know which ones to use. He gave me a small purple
  toy, cylindrical with one rounded end and one flat. He went first, using a
  red one on his girl by way of demonstration. Both girls needed more lubrication
  now. The blonde quivered when the toy first entered her, but she remained surprisingly
  silent throughout.  
 He told me that when you could get the toy all the way down to the flat
  end, they were ready. He seemed to know his shit, and, for the first time,
  I was glad he was here.  
 I didn't even mind when he said he wanted to fuck both of them. And that's
  exactly what we did. It was frenzied, switching back and forth from girl to
  girl. Ass, pussy, it didn't matter. Whatever hole your cock fell into that's
  what you fucked, until we finally left them in a 69 position with cum leaking
  from their cavities, just seconds before the alarm sounded.  
 The goons led us back to the guesthouse where I stripped off my Santa suit
  and dressed quickly before headed out for my car.  
 Before I left, I took one look back at Mr. Miller's place, knowing I'd never
  look at it the same way again. I started walking away, wondering what was happening
  to the girls now, and if they even knew that they'd been watched and probably
  taped, without the benefit of a disguise. I was also Wondering if I'd ever
  see my blonde again, and, if I did, if I would have the courage to tell her
  who I was. A moment later, I wondered if I'd ever learn what happened to Mary
  and Debbie.  
 Finally, I thought about the 4th of July party. Maybe I would get some answers
  then.  
 The End  
 Thanks for reading my story  
  Please post your comments  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





