BDSM Library - Katie and I




Katie and I
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Katie is having me write about my life.This morning I had a dream I was back in high school. I was at the winter
  week dance, slow dancing with my old high school crush. When the song began
  to fade we lifted our heads from each other's shoulders, put our foreheads
  together and sank into each other's eyes. She gave me a quick kiss on the lips
  and then led me by the hand outside so that we could go on a walk and be by
  ourselves. We finally shared our feelings for each other and after a few blocks
  we passionately made out. I felt wonderful. But in the middle of a kiss I heard
  a disembodied voice angrily yelling, &quot;Hey dipshit!&quot;  
By the time I could turn around to see who was yelling at us, I woke up.
  Katie was rattling my cage and telling me to wake up, she was in a hurry. Giving
  me a little time to return to the waking world, she went into the bathroom
  before unlocking my cage.  
The cage sits on top of a short coffee table in the back of her walk-in closet.
  She usually covers it up with a blanket while I'm in it. I crawl in head first
  and lay crouched with my chest against my knees and my knees feeling the dig
  of the cage bars underneath my blanket. There's just enough room so that I
  can cross my arms on the floor in front of me and rest my head on them. There
  isn't enough room to change positions. Katie has a black dildo attached to
  the inside of the door of the cage. Before bed she lubes it up, and as she
  shuts the cage door she directs it into my ass. The slight discomfort of being
  newly plugged is always accompanied by the blanket being thrown over my cage.
  Sometimes, while walking out of the closet, turning off the light and shutting
  the door, Katie will say &quot;Goodnight honey&quot; or &quot;Goodnight little
  slut.&quot; As she says it, I usually rock back and forth and fuck myself in
  the ass to the sound of her voice.  
But this morning, after just experiencing the romance in my dream, the reality
  of my situation was a bit much. Caged, cramped, plugged, my shock collar tight
  around my neck and a chastity belt on my genitals, I began to feel nostaligic
  for the times when Katie and I were still boyfriend and girlfriend. I knew
  it was wrong but I couldn't help it. By the time she was walking back into
  the closet, I let out a poorly stifled sob. I managed to end the sobbing there,
  but there were a few tears running down my cheeks. She unlocked my cage and
  walked out. I quickly crawled down into the kitchen.  
&quot;Make me some eggs and coffee,&quot; she ordered.  
I made the eggs and coffee as quickly as possible while she read the paper
  at the kitchen table, her legs crossed and her foot kicking impatiently. She
  was wearing a tight white t-shirt and a pair of tiny cotton shorts. I was trying
  to fight the urge to cry the whole time I made her food, but I was failing.
  While I set her food in front of her she noticed.  
&quot;What's the problem?&quot;  
I got down on my knees before her with my hands behind my back and my head
  down. She took my shock collar off and raised my head with her finger underneath
  my chin. I looked up at her and trembled.  
&quot;Tell me what you're crying about.&quot;  
&quot;It's nothing, Ma'am.&quot;  
Of course, she wasn't buying that. She didn't reply, she just stared daggers
  into me.  
&quot;Really, it's nothing.&quot;  
&quot;Don't play games. Tell me or I'll drop you off at Samantha's while
  I'm at work. She's been wanting to borrow you, says she's got a few new things
  she wants to try out on you, but I haven't let her because you've been a good
  boy recently. Now you're crying like you're not getting something you're owed
  or something. I'll let her borrow you for the day and I'll tell her that she
  is free to try whatever she can think of.&quot;  
Samantha is her friend, a terrible sadist.  
&quot;I had a dream and it just made me a little sad is all.&quot;  
&quot;You're not getting off that easy.&quot;  
I gave up. She'd get it all out of me one way or another.  
&quot;Forgive me Ma'am, I know I'm wrong and I don't mean to let it bother
  me, but I had a dream this morning that I was with an old high school crush
  at a dance and we were falling in love. When I woke up I felt so far from that
  kind of love, and I was a little nostalgic for when you used to love me like
  that. But I know I'm not the kind of boy for that kind of love, Ma'am. The
  dream just fooled me for a minute. I know my place.&quot;  
I looked down at the floor. She put my shock collar back on me roughly, extra
  tight, and said in a manner obviously pissed but somewhat restrained, &quot;Now
  I'm not even going to be able to eat breakfast. You won't be getting any either.
  Do my dishes.&quot; She left the kitchen and I did her dishes as quickly as
  possible. When I was finished, I crawled over to the middle of the living room
  and kneeled with my face to the ground and hands behind my back. I waited.  
When she came back down I heard her setting things on the couch and then
  her footsteps coming around in front of me. She put her foot in front of my
  mouth. I reached to kiss it, but before I got there she kicked my forehead
  lightly and said, &quot;You don't deserve my feet. Get up.&quot;  
I stood up. She had the key to my chastity belt in her hand. She took it
  off, put a firm hand around my balls, and warned, &quot;If I see that your
  pathetic little dick has ejaculated when I get home, the chastity belt will
  go back on and not come off for at least a few months. Now, go outside and
  do your business before I tie you up.&quot;  
I began walking towards the walk out door.  
&quot;No, crawl. People walk. Boyfriends walk. Unless told otherwise, sluts
  crawl.&quot;  
I got on my hands and knees and crawled outside. Gingerly I crawled down
  the few deck steps and over the rocks. While I peed on the rock patch I could
  feel her watching me behind the windows.  
When I crawled back in she lifted me up by my hair and pulled me over by
  the couch. She picked up a roll of string from it and, kneeling down in front
  of me, she began wrapping it carelessly around my balls. The string rubbing
  against my sack burned and was even stricter than usual. After tying my balls
  off in a tight little package, she gave them a flick. I grimaced and, seeing
  this, she grabbed me by the cheeks and said, &quot;I'm going easy on you.&quot;  
She didn't ease the butt plug in and she didn't bother to lube it. It was
  the biggest one.  
&quot;Pretend this is my dick while I'm gone. Remember that the default state
  of your ass is meant to be plugged.&quot;  
My dick was hard. It'd been two weeks since I came. Before she put my pink
  panties on me, she gave my dick a little slap, making it bounce up and down
  and making my tied up balls sway with it, and then she said, &quot;Silly thing.
  Always getting hard. What does it think it's going to fuck?&quot;  
The panties were extra small, of course, and immediately a circle of precum
  formed on them. She flicked the head of my constricted cock through the cotton.  
I looked down at the floor and at my panties while she duct taped my wrists
  together behind my back and my elbows as close together as they could reach.
  She grabbed me by my upper arms and shoved me down on the couch so she could
  wrap duct tape around my ankles, my shins just below my knees, and my thighs
  just above my knees. She lifted me back up and I tried to maintain balance
  while she wrapped tape around my thighs just below my panties and around my
  torso, locking my arms to my body around my stomach, the lower part of my chest,
  and my shoulders. Grabbing my cheeks she told me to open my mouth, spit into
  the back of my throat, and then slapped me. I fell down onto the couch and
  she rolled me over onto the floor, my stomach and cock against the ground and
  my head facing the wall with the big mirror. I could feel her hovering over
  me and then I felt the crop on my ass. She hit me as hard as she's ever hit
  me for about ten minutes. It didn't take long for me to cry. &quot;At least
  now you have a reason to cry,&quot; she replied. When she'd had enough she
  threw the crop on the couch and lifted my face with the top of her foot so
  I would watch her taking off her cotton shorts. Underneath she was wearing
  black panties.  
She sat down on the ground just in front of my head, burying my face in the
  crotch of her panties and wrapping her legs around me. I could smell her sex.
  I wanted to drown in that smell. Petting my hair, she said, &quot;This is exactly
  how you belong. No more dreams about silly girls who don't know what your place
  is. There's no place in the world but right here. I know you understand that.
  Silly sluts just get confused sometimes. But I have to make sure you don't
  get any funny ideas.&quot;  
She pulled my head up by my hair and looked me deep in the eyes.  
&quot;Tell me.&quot;  
I looked down instead of replying, trying to indicate to her that my shock
  collar was still on so I couldn't speak.  
&quot;Tell me,&quot; she repeated.  
I paused and then forced it out. &quot;I'm a slut and my only purpose is
  to serve you,&quot; I said, the sound of the shocking all over my voice. After
  gathering the bravery to be shocked once more, I finished: &quot;Ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Good.&quot;  
I put my face back down into her crotch. &quot;Kiss it,&quot; she said. I
  kissed her mound and then she got up.  
Before she left for work she taped a dildo to the ground right in front of
  me. It had a fleshy surface with veins and a head to look just like a real
  cock. Just above the dildo she put a picture of herself with her legs crossed
  in a classy, short black dress and high heels. On my forehead, backwards so
  that it could be read in the mirror, and in lipstick, she wrote &quot;Katie's
  slut.&quot;  
Before she left she said, &quot;Now suck this cock while I'm gone like a
  good cumslut. Look at my picture while you do it so you know who you're doing
  it for and so you can appreciate that you get to be owned by such a beautiful
  woman. Watch yourself suck the cock in the mirror so you can be reminded of
  what you are.&quot;  
While she walked out the door she added, &quot;No floor humping.&quot;  
After I heard the door lock I bobbed my head up and down on the cock. I looked
  at Katie's picture and I looked at my self in the mirror. It was obvious what
  a slut I am.  
On Saturday Katie threw a party. She had her sexy, semi-submissive friend
  Sarah over during the afternoon so they could have some private time together
  before everyone else came over. After taking Sarah's coat I kneeled next to
  the couch they were flirting on in case they needed anything. Sarah was dressed
  up in a short green dress and high heels. She is very tan with wide hips, full
  legs, medium sized breasts, brown hair, brown eyes, and an extremely pretty
  face. If she weren't so gorgeous I doubt Katie would pay her such special attention.
  While I kneeled next to her on the couch I couldn't help but glance at her
  crossed legs. She obviously tans a lot. When Katie caught me ogling she removed
  her attention from Sarah and slid her panties down from underneath her nightgown
  to hand them to me.  
&quot;Wear these and your buttplug while you clean the house. I want it extra
  clean.&quot;  
Usually I wear the panties Katie bought just for me, so I was excited to
  be able to wear hers, especially since they were a little wet from Sarah being
  over. While I walked away to get my buttplug I gave the crotch of the panties
  a sniff and out of the corner of my eye I saw Katie kissing Sarah and directing
  Sarah's hand to her crotch.  
While I was cleaning the toilet Sarah and Katie came in and took a shower
  together. Cleaning the toilet is much more interesting to the sound of hot
  women moaning and rubbing against each other, but it made my cock hard and
  Katie's panties are extra tight. I worried that it might vex her when she got
  her panties back soiled with a puddle of my precum.  
When I was almost finished cleaning Sarah left the house to get food and
  drinks and Katie called me into her room. I crawled in and kneeled next to
  her while she looked at her naked body in the mirror. The sight made me melt.
  I kissed her foot to greet her. On the floor were a pair of heels and layed
  out over the bed were panties, pantyhose, a garter belt, a bra, and a short
  white dress.  
&quot;You know, after being with a beautiful girl like Sarah, the sight of
  you crawling in here with my panties on and your little bulge is just pathetic.
  I'm tempted to put you in your cage and forget about you so I can focus my
  attention on her. But I have a plan for you tonight...Dress me.&quot;  
Katie brushed her hair while I dressed her. She had been tanning too. Her
  brown legs made my cock heavy while I pulled her panties up. I still hadn't
  been allowed to cum in a few weeks so my cock had been going up and down all
  the time, sometimes even for no reason. After pulling her panties up to just
  above her knees I paused and couldn't keep myself from staring at her pussy.
  She hasn't let me suck on it in a long time, and it's been even longer since
  she fucked me. I remembered how I used to fuck it when I was still her boyfriend.
  I thought she might like me to lick it a little to get her nice and excited
  for the party so I kissed her leg just above the knee and then I kissed a little
  higher on her inner thigh. She looked down from the mirror.  
&quot;NO. I just had Sarah's pretty face kissing my pussy. What makes you
  think I would want to look down and see your's kissing it after just enjoying
  hers? Anyhow, I don't need your slobber on my pussy when I plan on getting
  a good fucking tonight...&quot;  
I pulled her panties all the way up and then stared down at her feet, leaning
  my head against her legs while she finished admonishing me.  
&quot;...And stop staring at it, you twit. I'm already thinking about keeping
  it from your pervy little eyes, let alone allowing you anymore access to it.
  Stop pouting and finish dressing me.&quot;  
I put on Katie's garter belt and then she sat on the edge of the bed while
  I put on her pantyhose, my favorite part.  
&quot;Would you like me to wear my pantyhose and heels tonight so I can look
  cute while I serve your guests?&quot; I asked her, straightening out the hose
  and attaching the belt.  
&quot;Sarah's my server tonight. She'll look cute in pantyhose and heels.
  You'll be doing other things.&quot;  
Katie looked stunning in her dress. One man would be very lucky tonight.
  I strapped her heels on her feet and she informed me that the price to get
  into the party for males would be a small cup of their cum. She said she hoped
  to get quite a collection of little tupperware containers of cum. Females would
  be allowed into the party for free. Samantha would be one of them, and if I
  were anything less than absolutely cooperative I would be going home with her.  
Katie crossed her legs on the edge of the bed and looked into her pocket
  mirror while she put on make-up. Awaiting further instruction, I got down on
  the floor next to her and looked at her pretty feet. She said, &quot;You're
  done here. Go take a shower and shave your body completely. When you're done
  wait for Sarah and I by the pole in the living room. You don't have to wear
  your buttplug and you won't be wearing your chastity belt tonight. I want you
  completely naked.&quot;  
I crawled to the bathroom.  
------------  
I waited in the corner of the living room for a while. Katie was sitting
  at the kitchen table drinking wine and watching Sarah get the food and drinks
  ready. Sarah was wearing heels probably six inches high. Her legs were covered
  in black fishnets and she wore an obscenely short jean skirt. I didn't see
  but I doubt she was wearing any underwear. Over her torso was a tight white
  cotton t shirt. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra because her nipples were
  plainly visible. While she's definitely the submissive one in her and Katie's
  relationship, I've never seen her go this far. Apparently she was enjoying
  it.  
Sarah walked out of the kitchen glancing at me for a second. It wasn't exactly
  a nice look. I think it was supposed to tell me that, even if she was dressing
  up like a slut and being Katie's sexy party maid, I was still only dirt compared
  to her. This message and the way she wobbled up the stairs in her heels made
  my cock hard again.  
Katie walked out of the kitchen towards me. She kneeled down next to me and
  gave my cock a few strokes.  
&quot;Excited already are we?&quot;  
She put her index finger on the tip of my cock and pulled it down a little,
  holding it down with just her finger while she kissed me on the forehead and
  said, &quot;Be a good little faggot tonight and I might let you cum before
  bed. I'll be watching you. Re-prove yourself to me.&quot;  
She took her finger off the tip of my cock and it bounced up and down a little.
  These are the kinds of moments that remind me of how much I love her. Not that
  I need reminding. I'm constantly enamored with her. But sometimes it's unbearable
  what a Goddess she is. I know that no matter what she comes to think of me
  or do to me I won't be able to stand finding myself anywhere but at her feet.
  Even if she were to absolutely despise me and never take me out of my cage,
  seeing her walk in and out of the closet where my cage is once in a while would
  be better than nothing.  
Sarah walked back down the stairs carrying a garbage bag. She set it down
  next to me and Katie looked through it, taking out an inflatable dildo, rubber
  gloves, vaseline, and a bundle of thin hemp rope.  
&quot;Kneel down in front of me with your ass up in the air,&quot; Katie
  said.  
I heard Katie snap on the rubber gloves and I moaned while she spread vaseline
  over my asshole, poking a finger in at first and then a few. I looked up and
  saw Sarah looking at me pitifully, sitting with her legs crossed on the ground
  in front of me. She kicked my head lightly with her heel and Katie put the
  dildo in. I gyrated my ass in the air a little because I wanted her to fuck
  me with it, but instead she taped it in with two strips of duct tape. The part
  of the inflatable dildo that you squeeze to make it inflate hung down between
  my legs.  
The pole is in the corner of Katie's living room. It's fairly thin, is made
  of black metal, and connects the floor to the ceiling. I don't know if it's
  for added structural support or what, but Katie doesn't mind it, she likes
  to tie me to it.  
She tied my wrists and elbows together behind my back and behind the pole,
  pressing my shoulder blades tight against it. My ankles were tied criss-crossed
  behind the pole, and more rope went around my upper thighs and back around
  my ankles, pulling my ankles against the pole so that the bottoms of my feet
  were pointing upwards and I was standing on my knees. Another layer of rope
  went around my chest and upper arms for good measure.  
&quot;Go get the chair,&quot; Katie told Sarah.  
Sarah came back with a folding chair and a bucket. She set the chair down
  next to me and set the bucket down on the chair. Katie reached into her bag
  and pulled out a black marker. She wrote something on my forehead and then
  on each of my cheeks.  
&quot;Tell him what it says,&quot; Katie said. Sarah giggled.  
&quot;On your forehead it says 'Head', on your right cheek is a dollar sign,
  and on your left cheek is the number 1. 'Head for a dollar',&quot; Sarah told
  me.  
I looked over at Katie, unsure. She walked over and put a few fingers in
  my mouth and gave my cock a few strokes.  
&quot;Be a good little cocksucker. I want this bucket full of money by the
  end of the night,&quot; she said. I looked down at the floor.  
&quot;What do you say?&quot; she asked me.  
I paused. &quot;Yes Ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Good boy.&quot;  
Katie tied my balls into a tight sack with leather string. She gave them
  the obligatory flick and wondered aloud, &quot;Should I let you be hard all
  night? Nah. I would like to see how hard cocksucking makes you, but your lack
  of restraint is embarrassing. Your dick will be pointing up all night and my
  guests won't know what to think of it.&quot; She tied the string around the
  base of my cock and my balls. With the black marker she wrote &quot;Slapping
  Bag&quot; on my lower stomach, with an arrow pointing to my genitals. The inflater
  from the inflatable dildo was peeking out between my thighs under my nutsack.
  Katie wrote &quot;Squeeze&quot; on my right thigh and &quot;me.&quot; on my
  left, with arrows pointing to the inflater.  
&quot;Mmmmm. You look cute,&quot; Katie said, &quot;Doesn't he look cute
  Sarah?&quot;  
&quot;A little.&quot; Sarah replied.  
&quot;Go get the baby bottle.&quot;  
Sarah walked to the kitchen and came back with the baby bottle she fills
  with my stored up cum. There wasn't much left because I hadn't came in awhile,
  and usually when I cum I am made to swallow the just-ejaculated cum anyhow.  
&quot;Periodically, when my guests don't have any requests, you are to come
  over to him and feed him the cum. I want his stomach full of cum by the time
  the night is over. His cum will run out soon, so fill the bottle back up with
  the cum we get from our male guests. There should be plenty.&quot; Katie told
  Sarah.  
Katie reached into the bag and took out a blindfold. She crumpled up the
  bag and told Sarah to throw it away. Putting it on me, Katie said, &quot;No
  seeing tonight. Remember, you're the party's mouth. As soon as someone puts
  something in your mouth, your automatic reaction is to suck on it and pleasure
  it.&quot;  
She put three of her fingers in my mouth and I did my best sucking.  
&quot;Good. And absolutely NO talking tonight. If I hear one peep out of
  you I'll make you wear your shock collar, and then you'll get shocked when
  you're gagging from a big cock in the back of your throat. If you make any
  requests or any objections I will give you to one of the men and you'll be
  a faggot the rest of your life.&quot;  
She gave my cock and balls a slap and the inflater a squeeze, and then she
  walked away.  
I was ignored for awhile and then, right before the guests came, Sarah came
  over and put the bottle in my mouth. I raised my head and sucked my cum out.
  It made me incredibly horny. I started to make little humping motions with
  my hips, the little bit I could move, so my cock and balls dangled back and
  forth at nothing when Sarah removed the bottle from my mouth, slapped my face,
  and said, &quot;God! You're pathetic. One last touch.&quot;  
She put clothes pins on my nipples and wrote &quot;Cumslut.&quot; across
  my chest.  
--------------------  
The first thing the guests tended to do when they came in the house was admire
  Sarah with Katie. Katie would introduce her new pet by having her spin around
  to show off her features and then having her treat the guests' requests.  
I'd listen to their talking for a while until they'd eventually make their
  way over to me and say something like, &quot;So this is the cumslut,&quot; or "What
  do we have here?" Men and women would giggle at me, call me names, squeeze
  and slap my balls and squeeze the inflater. One person, I don't know if it
  was a man or woman because they never said anything, kept poking my genitals
  with what felt like a pen. He or she put the pen under my balls and then lifted
  it up and down rapidly so that my genitals were bouncing.  
At one point I hadn't even realized anybody was standing near me until suddenly
  I heard a voice order me to lick, and then right in front of my face my tounge
  found a woman's pussy. I made some women cum and, as I felt their pussy juice
  drying on my face, I'd sometimes hear them complimenting Katie on what a good
  pussysucker she'd trained me to be. &quot;I've made him eager.&quot; Katie
  would reply. &quot;I haven't let him suck on my pussy in a while.&quot;  
The first cock I sucked was the biggest. I heard the male and a female voice
  hurry towards me.  
&quot;Hmmm. Only a dollar.&quot; the masculine voice said.  
&quot;Look at his big lips. You think a dollar will cover each of us?&quot; the
  female voice asked.  
From a few feet away I heard Katie reply, &quot;A dollar for both of you
  will be fine. Cumslut's just warming up.&quot;  
I heard a purse unzip and a dollar being dropped into the bucket. Then I
  heard a fly unzip. The woman pressed my face into her pussy. I figured Katie
  would be watching me since it was the first of the night, so I sucked as best
  as I could. Eventually the woman was pressing my head into the pole and grinding
  her pussy against my face feverishly, saying to the man, &quot;Ooooooh, if
  he's as good at sucking cock as he is pussy, you're in for a treat!&quot;  
After she came she collapsed onto the ground in front of me and squeezed
  my balls. She asked, &quot;How much to keep him?&quot; and I heard Katie standing
  right next to me reply, &quot;I haven't yet decided to put him up for sale.&quot;  
The woman crawled over to my side and I heard another fly unzip. A limp cock
  pressed against my lips. I opened my mouth and began sucked it to an erection.
  I rubbed my lips back and forth against the head and spread his precum on my
  cheeks. I put it halfway in my mouth and made my tounge dance on his cockhead.
  Eventually I was bobbing my head up and down all the way, his cock hitting
  the back of my throat. Strips of cum would dangle down from my lip and land
  on my chin. When the man was ready to cum he said, &quot;Hold onto his head!&quot; and
  I felt Katie's and the woman's hands holding my head still against the bar.
  The man fucked my mouth and throat as hard as he could and then held his cock
  as deep in as he could get it while he ejaculated. The cum went right down
  my throat.  
Katie scooped the cum on my face into my mouth while the man told her what
  a good cocksucker I am. The woman, still kneeling next to me, gave the inflater
  a few squeezes and I bucked a little in response. After so much attention to
  my upper hole my bottom one was feeling a little left out.  
After the couple walked away Katie gave the top of my head a small pet and
  then walked away herself. Sarah came over, pressed her heel down against my
  cock and fed me through the bottle. The cum tasted saltier than mine, so I
  knew the bottle had been refilled.  
-------------  
At the end of the night my face was covered in cum, my stomach was full,
  and the dildo in my ass was up to a whole seven inches. I had heard a lot of
  different voices. Some people didn't bother to say anything. They just put
  their crotch in my face, put me to work, eventually came, and then walked away
  like it was nothing. Some voices I heard come back for more. When I heard Samantha's
  voice she told me, &quot;Listen cumslut, one of these days I'm going to get
  to borrow you, and then you're in for it.&quot; She had me kiss her pussy through
  her panties and then she spent her time with me beating up my privates, squeezing
  the inflater frantically, flicking the clothes pins on my nipples, and digging
  her nails into my chest.  
Towards the end of the night I heard talk of a grand finale. Sarah took off
  my blindfold and a bunch of people were staring at my cum stained body. There
  was cum all over my face, on my chest, stomach, and even dripped down on my
  tied up cock. Sarah untied me and two men stood by. I would have collapsed
  onto the ground if they hadn't caught me. They dragged me over to the coffee
  table. Even if I weren't too weak to resist, I wouldn't have wanted to dissapoint
  Katie. She was the only face in the crowd I looked at. She was smiling.  
I was put on my hands and knees on the coffee table and Katie removed the
  dildo from my ass. She relubed my ass and I saw her lube up the cock of one
  of the men that carried me. It was huge. She was stroking it to erection. I
  looked at the face of the man. He was big and muscular, in his 30's maybe,
  and staring at my ass.  
When I looked forward another cock was waiting for me in front of my face.
  This man appeared to be in his mid 20's. He was stroking it and it was getting
  pretty big.  
While I stared at the cock in front of my face I felt the cock of the man
  behind me press up against my asshole. He didn't put it in, he just nudged
  my ass ring and then left it there, threatening invasion. The man in front
  of me followed suit with my mouth. He put only the very tip of his cock in
  my mouth and held it still. At this I heard Katie say, "Hold on, let me get
  the camera."  
While Katie got the camera Samantha stepped up next to the coffee table with
  a bunch of clothes pins in her hand. I turned my head down to see what she
  was doing, but only a little so the man in front of me's cock would remain
  teasing my mouth. She put the clothes pins all over my balls and cock and it
  hurt like hell.  
Katie came back in and gave the camera to Sarah. When Sarah said go, the
  cocks went in. The men were rough. Luckily the dildo in my ass all night semi-prepared
  me for a cock of this size in my ass.  
Partway through the fucking Samantha got up on the coffee table and sat on
  me. I could feel her wet pussy on my back. She was fingering herself. The men
  tried to synchronize their ejaculations, and they came pretty close. The man
  mouth-fucking me came a little bit earlier. He was scooping the cum on my cheeks
  into my mouth with his cock when the man ass-fucking me came deep within my
  ass. I felt warm cum inside both my holes at the same time. Shortly after the
  men came Samantha came on my back. While cumming she pulled my head back violently
  by my hair. She put her soaked fingers into my mouth and got down.  
Katie removed the clothes pins and put a leash around my neck. She walked
  me upstairs and told the people I needed a rest. It had been a long night.
  When we got into her room I saw that my cage was on her bed and someone had
  put a bowl of water in it. Katie told me to crawl up onto her bed and put my
  ass up in the air so she could finger my asshole a little.  
&quot;Mmmm. It's so wet. You're almost done. Here.&quot; She scooped cum
  out of my ass and fed it to me. I was glad it was just me and her again.  
Untying my cock and balls, she told me I could go to the bathroom if needed.
  I sat down on her toilet because I was too exhausted to stand up. Katie walked
  in while I was in mid-piss and said, &quot;Sitting down? You're becoming quite
  the sissy. Come here when you're finished.&quot;  
I walked over and stood in the mirror with her.  
&quot;Now look at yourself. You're covered in cum. You've just been fucked
  in your ass. You just gave the whole neighborhood an orgasm with your slutty
  mouth. Does that look like the kind of person that falls in love at school
  dances, that gets to be some girl's boyfriend?&quot;  
&quot;No Ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;What does it look like?&quot;  
&quot;A cumslut Ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Good boy. Just feel lucky you've found a place serving me. Cumslut
  service is the only thing you're good for, so you should feel fortunate that
  you're able to do it for me. I'm leaving that cum on you tonight so you remember.&quot;  
Katie led me by the hand back into her bedroom, put my chastity belt on me,
  and put me in my cage. The dildo was removed from the door this time, but there
  was one next to my water dish, "just in case my mouth got lonely after having
  gotten so used to sucking cock." She turned off her bedroom light on her way
  back downstairs and left me on top of her bed. I fell asleep.  
-------------------------------  
When I woke up a man was lifting up my cage and moving it over on top of
  Katie's dresser. Katie walked in wearing only her bra, panties, and pantyhose.
  I didn't remember even seeing the man at the party. I watched from the dresser
  while they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed. They took off each
  other's clothes and the man got on top of her and fucked her hard. Even if
  I shut my eyes I'd still be able to hear Katie's wild moans of pleasure. The
  whole bed shook and Katie screamed, &quot;Fuck me baby! Oh! God! YES!&quot; The
  man kept asking, &quot;You like that? Nice and thick for you.&quot; Katie must
  have came a few times. When they were finished they lay together and kissed
  for awhile, and Katie said, &quot;You are a tremendous fuck.&quot;  
After the man left Katie went into the shower. Sarah walked in still wearing
  her slutty outfit and shouted to Katie over the sound of the running water
  that she was finished cleaning. Katie told her to take me out of my cage and
  set up a blanket for me on the floor at the foot of the bed. Sarah groaned
  and complied.  
Laying on the floor-I was given a pillow, which was nice-my cock was bulging
  to get out of my chastity belt. After all of what went on that night, my whole
  body was aching to cum. Katie came back in the room naked and sat cross legged
  on the bed with her feet right over me.  
&quot;Rub this lotion into my legs.&quot; she told me. My favorite thing
  in the world is my Mistress's legs, so I was very happy to do so. I kissed
  her thighs while I rubbed the lotion in and listened to them talk.  
&quot;I've wanted to eat you up all night in that slutty outfit.&quot; Katie
  told Sarah, who was sitting right next to her on the bed. &quot;Why don't you
  take it off?&quot;  
Sarah gave Katie a kiss on the lips and then took her clothes off. She almost
  looked as good as Katie. They made out on the bed while I kneeled, watching.  
&quot;Just a moment.&quot; Katie told Sarah. She went to the dresser and
  got the key to my chastity belt. I sat up so she could remove it. As soon as
  it was off my cock got hard. I kept my hands behind my back while Katie teased
  my cock a little. She sat on the edge of the bed and I kneeled in front of
  her. Sarah watched, laying down on the top of the bed. Katie spread her legs
  and her pussy was glistening.  
&quot;Now you can stare...&quot; she said. &quot;Go ahead and jerk off.&quot;  
I admired her beautiful pussy and kissed her knees, jerking off in a frenzy
  with my cock right over her feet, sometimes rubbing it against her shins, to
  which she would calmly say &quot;No.&quot;  
I came with a long moan and looked down to see my cum dripping down the top
  of her foot, a little bit on her ankle.  
She didn't bother telling me to lick it up. She knew I would. She waited
  patiently.  
When I was done foot-cleaning Katie put my chastity belt back on me. With
  my hands handcuffed in front of me and my ankles cuffed together, I fell asleep
  on the floor at the foot of the bed listening to the sounds of Katie and Sarah
  enjoying each other.  
When I woke up in the morning Katie was on the floor bottle-feeding me cum
  from the night before.  
&quot;You made me 26 dollars.&quot; she said.  
I sucked out the cum and then made the girls breakfast.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bitchboy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





