BDSM Library - My Own Scarlet Letter




My Own Scarlet Letter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An older female professor attempts to blackmail a hot young coed.My Own Scarlet Letter  
By Couture  
I glanced down at my watch.  
Three
    o' five. Katie was supposed to have been here five minutes ago. I checked
    my desk to make sure I had everything. Yes, it was all there. My grade book
    and copies of her old tests.   
Three o' six. She was now six minutes late, but it felt like thirty. I felt
  a drop of perspiration make its way from my underarm down my side. Okay, when
  she gets here, make sure she doesn't close the door, I reminded myself. Why
  was I worried? She might not even show. If her prior efforts in class were
  any indication, she probably wouldn't.  
God, why was I so nervous? I was the teacher and she was the student. Yes,
  I had given her an F on her last paper, but she deserved it.  
Three o' eight, and I couldn't stop my leg from jumping. Why couldn't I?
  Well, I never had a girl like Katie in my class before. I had heard stories
  of students who flirted with their professors. Who hasn't? But, as a woman,
  I had never had a student try it with me.  
Three o'nine. It was the first day of class when she started. She came up
  to me after class, and touched my arm. "I'm so glad to be taking your class," she
  said. Pretty blue eyes, blonde hair, and perfect teeth. She pushed a few unruly
  strands of hair behind her ear. "I'm going to do so well . . . I'm sure of
  it."  
I know. It sounds weak. Just a typical brown-nosing student. But there was
  something to her look. Something knowing that said&hellip;I'm going to do well
  in your class, and you are the one who is going to make sure of it. And there
  was something more. Something sexual.  
And if I wasn't sure of it then, I was the next class, when she wore a tight
  shirt, with tiny white shorts, along with a pair of Mary Janes. She kept crossing
  and uncrossing her legs. She traced her pink bubble gum lips with the end of
  her pen.  
Three-twelve. She didn't do her assignment the next week either, but she
  wore a tiny little mini-skirt. She spread her legs. I couldn't help but to
  see her panties. They were pink with a little heart directly over the crotch.
  I could barely continue the class. I could feel my cheeks warm in response.
  Was she trying to say something? In some sneaky fashion asserting that I loved
  her privates? Well, I had news for her. I was not into that sort of thing.
  I liked men. Only men.  
Three-fourteen. It became a sort of ritual. A perverse sort of ritual. If
  I assigned a homework assignment, she wouldn't do it. Instead, she would wear
  some revealing garment to school. As if that were payment enough for me to
  give her a grade for work she didn't do. It didn't work. I gave her a grade
  alright. I gave the little tart a zero.  
And then there was the latest paper that was due. I expected some sort of
  paltry effort. Instead I got a coversheet a bunch of empty pages, and then
  on the last page, a little handwritten note.  
This is really boring stuff. I just couldn't bear it. -XOXO Katie.  
I wrote her a little note of my own.  
Perhaps you can bear failing my class. &ndash;Dr. Anderson  
Three-sixteen. The next day was miniskirt day again. That was predictable.
  However, when she spread her legs, I was in store for a surprise. The little
  minx wasn't wearing panties. I saw her sex for the first time. Her naked sex.
  I wanted to call her out on it in front of class. To tell her to go home and
  not to come back until she put on some underwear. But to do so would have meant
  acknowledging the fact that I had looked beneath her skirt. And how could I,
  a professor, a female professor, have explained looking up the skirt of a student?  
Three-eighteen. My mouth was dry, but my pussy was steaming. My panties soaked.
  All because of that little tart. I was attracted to her. How? When did it happen?
  I don't know. But as Katie sat on the front row, opening and closing her legs,
  I couldn't escape the effect of her wanton display. She was aroused. I could
  make out her pink labia and her blonde pubes. And . . . and she was glistening.
  She was getting wet displaying her vagina to me. And I? I was getting wet watching
  her display it.  
Three-nineteen. God, where was she? I should have left that day. Walked out
  at the end of class. But something compelled me to stay. I had made up my mind
  to stop her after class. To privately ask her not to come to my class, unless
  she was properly attired. Instead, it was she that came to me. She caught up
  to me after class and asked if she could come to my office later to discuss
  her grades. I said of course, how about two o'clock. It would give me the opportunity
  to privately voice my concerns about her inappropriate conduct. She said she
  was busy, but how about three o'clock? And I agreed.  
Three-twenty. I couldn't get the thought of her out of my mind. The way she
  looked at me, as if appraising me. The sight of her sex. It made me think of
  my first sexual encounter. It happened my freshman year of college when I was
  in danger of failing my history class.  
I went to the professor and pleaded my case. I made up a lie about my boyfriend
  stalking me and being depressed. Well, it was partially true. Okay, so it was
  my roommate, but how was he to know? He asked me what was I willing to do?
  I said anything.  
He got up and locked the door. He had me kneel between his legs. This man &ndash; this
  fifty year old man - my professor - took out his cock. It was the first one
  I had ever seen. It looked like a pale gross worm.  
I told him I couldn't go through with it. He said to just think about it.
  Just a few minutes of work. Think of how much time and effort the other students
  had put in to his class. Think of how much work I was getting out of. Go on.
  Just try it. No one will ever know.  
It was as if I were hypnotized. It wasn't very big. Not threatening at all.
  So, I bent down and kissed his cock. I licked it. I felt so wicked. So worldly.
  So naughty.  
So wet.  
There kneeling on the cold dirty floor of my professor's office, I sucked
  my first cock. It grew harder and bigger the more I sucked &ndash; much bigger
  than I expected. He grabbed the back of my head and guided me up and down its
  length. It was so long that it was hitting the back of my throat. Tears fell
  from my eyes, as I tried to control my urge to gag. He called me dirty names.
  Cocksucker. Dirty slut. College cunt. And then with a strangled cry, he pushed
  me down hard on his cock. I felt it spasm and then his cum splashing against
  the back of my mouth. I groaned and tried to pull away, but he held me fast.  
Yeah, yeah take it &ndash; take it, he groaned.  
The taste was unexpected. Bitter. Salty. I wanted to spit it out, but there
  was no place to.  
He told me to swallow. I did, but I could still taste his acrid flavor. I
  could feel his scum sliding down my throat. I wiped at my tears and my hand
  came away dark from my running mascara. I didn't feel so worldly anymore. Instead
  of naughty, I felt - used - dirty.  
He told me not to say a word. He told me no one would believe a slut like
  me anyway. He told me that I was a good cocksucker, and that to come back anytime
  I wanted some help.  
I dried my tears and left. Everyone I passed, I could have sworn that they
  somehow knew what I had done. I had sold myself. Sold my pride. Whored myself
  out for a grade. I swore then and there I would never be in that position ever
  again. And I didn't. I went on to get my doctorate. No matter how much I had
  to study. No matter how hard I had to work. I never ever sold something so
  precious for so little ever again.  
Three-twenty eight. Thoughts of Katie kept going through my mind. I wanted
  her. I wanted to make her kneel between my legs. I wanted to make her lick
  my pussy. I wanted to teach her a lesson. A lesson like I had been taught so
  long ago. And she wasn't like me. I had been pure. Innocent. Katie was anything
  but. She deserved to be put on her knees. A girl like her would probably enjoy
  it.  
Three-thirty, there was a knock on the door. It was Katie, smiling as if
  she wasn't thirty minutes late.  
"Sorry I'm late Dr. Anderson, but something important came up."  
"It's okay, have a seat Katie."  
To my disbelief, Katie shut the door behind her. There was an audible click
  as she locked it. I had meant to do that, but instead I was frozen in my chair.
  I couldn't move. I couldn't even breathe as I watched Katie saunter over, not
  to the chair across from my desk, but to over to my side of the desk. Into
  my personal space. And right there, she lifted up the back of her skirt, and
  plopped on top of my desk.  
I couldn't help but imagine, her bare pussy, rubbing against my desk &ndash; my
  papers. God, she towered over me. Looking down at me, a wicked grin plastered
  across her face.  
Her presumption was quite enough. But, before I could protest, she started
  in on me.  
"Dr. Anderson, what's this little business with my grades? All my other professors
  are on with the program. I give them a little tease. You know, short skirts,
  tight shorts. I bend over. I open my legs. I bite my lip and pout. Dr. Anderson,
  I know I'm an attractive girl and I know that you are watching &ndash; all
  of you are. I don't even want to think about what you do when you get home.
  But you &ndash; you sit back and watch the show, but you want it for free."  
"Katie, I didn't ask for a show," I said. "As a matter of fact. . ."  
She spread her legs, placing her left foot on the arm of my chair and swiveling
  it so that I was facing her. Her pussy, her bare blonde pussy was only a few
  feet away. I could smell her musky scent.  
"What was that Dr. Anderson?" she said. "I didn't hear you."  
"I-I-I" I stammered, unable to form a coherent thought.  
"I thought so." Katie leaned back. She propped her other foot on the opposite
  armrest, trapping my in my chair between her spread legs. She stuck her index
  finger in her mouth and sucked it, wetting it. Then I watch in fascination
  as she put it between her nether lips, traced it up and down her wet grove,
  before plunging it into her dark depths. She let out a purr of contentment.
  God, she was sexy. I marveled at her self-confidence. I would never in a million
  years dare to put on such a wanton display for a near stranger. Much less an
  authority figure.  
Katie removed the finger from her pussy, looked my straight in the eye, licked
  her lips and smiled. With a jerk, my wheeled chair lurched forward, as she
  pulled it in with her feet. She now towered over me. She opened her moist pink
  lips. Her tongue extended. God, she was going to kiss me! And oh how I wanted
  her to. I opened my mouth to meet her embrace, but instead of her tongue, she
  plunged her soiled dirty finger into my mouth.  
I could taste the flavor of her sex and her musky scent assaulted my senses.
  She pushed in and out, fucking my mouth with a finger and then two. Her other
  hand made its way to my breast and caressed my nipple through the fabric of
  my sweater. Then she reached for the neck of my sweater. At first, I thought
  she would reach beneath it, but instead she grabbed it and tugged down.  
"Slut," she sneered.  
I could hear the fabric rending as she stretched the neck wide and tugged
  it over my shoulders.  
"Stop!" I protested. I struggled in vain against her, but the neck of the
  sweater bound my arms.  
"Put your arms down," she said. "Or I'll rip it to pieces."  
I had no choice but to obey. Not unless I wanted to go home naked from the
  waste up. I put my arms to my sides and she continued to tug the sweater down
  over my shoulders and down to my middle. Once this was done, she pulled each
  bra strap over my shoulders, and then she pulled the cups down until it joined
  what was left of my sweater at my waist.  
"Please," I begged. This game had gone way too far. I had lost my head for
  a moment. Had almost engaged in sex with a student. It was time to end this
  disaster. I was a professor. A married woman. I had no business. No business
  doing this.  
She grabbed my nipples and pinched. Hurting me.  
"Shut up."  
"Katie, please, owww!"  
She cruelly twisted.  
"I said shut up," she said. "You had your chance to play nice. You could
  have enjoyed the show like all my other professors. But noooo-ooo you had to
  be a big shot &ndash; a hard ass." She pushed her fingernails into my breasts
  until I cried. "Well, you're not such a hard ass now, are you?"  
"No."  
She pushed her fingers into my tender flesh, but not as hard as before. "No,
  Miss White," she said, correcting me.  
My face grew warm with indignation. There I was, a college professor, old
  enough to be her mother, being forced to submit myself to this monster of a
  girl. "No, Miss White," I managed to force out.  
The fingers on my breasts grew gentle. They caressed them, handling them
  expertly. "You know, you kind of remind me of that woman. You know the one
  in that book you wanted us to read last week? What was her name?"  
"I don't know," I muttered, unable to meet her eyes. But in truth, I knew
  the answer. I knew as soon as she said it.  
She smiled. The fingers on my nipples clamped down hard and pulled them toward
  my sides jerking them out, then back in, and out again.  
"Hester," I cried. Tears welled, and then streamed down my cheeks. "Hester
  Prynne."  
"That's right," she said. "I'll get it out of you one way or another, so
  you might as well get with the program. So, like I was saying, you remind me
  of that Hester woman. You're both sluts, and like you, she couldn't get with
  the program either."  
Katie turned around and rummaged through the supplies on my desk. "And what
  was that they did to her?" she asked, turning back around, a magic marker in
  her hand.  
"They made her wear. . ." I couldn't finish, when I realized what Katie meant
  to do. She had taken the cap of the marker and put the tip to my chest.  
"Keep talking. Tell me what they did."  
"Please," I begged.  
"Tell me." Storms raged behind her cold blue eyes. I had no choice.  
"They made her wear a scarlet letter."  
And soon I had one too. I now bore a red A on my breasts. She drew it in
  thick red magic marker, starting from my collar bone and down to my sides,
  until she could go no further due to my sweater. She crossed the two lines
  with a horizontal line that ran from one nipple to another.  
"A big letter A, that's right, and what did it stand for?"  
"Adulterer," I said. Tears were flowing down my cheeks.  
She took the marker and drew again. She started at the A, and then tried
  to write adulterer, but it was too long, instead I was just labeled an adult.  
"No I don't think that was it," she said. "If the word doesn't fit, you don't
  know shit. Oh, I know what it was for. How's this."  

She
      wrote slut beside the A. "A slut." Then she wrote, bitch. "A bitch." And
      then "whore" then "dyke."  
Katie was wrong. I was no Hester. Hester may have been an adulterer, but
  she was a good and honest woman. The things Katie wrote on my chest, my breasts,
  my stomach, even around my nipples. Every label, every slanderous comment,
  as hateful as they were, they were also true. It seemed as if the worse she
  treated me, the more turned on I became. I had soaked my panties and my cunt
  was burning hot.  
She kissed me and I returned it eagerly. Our tongues danced, with hers leading
  my own.  
Katie broke the kiss. "You've got me hot," she breathed. "You want to lick
  my pussy?"  
"Yes," I said, my voice croaking from my need and desire. Her kiss melted
  my insides and left me trembling.  
"Then beg for it you old slut."  
I wondered how she could kiss me, then turn around the next moment and be
  so cruel to me. But, whatever game she was playing, I was destined to see it
  through to the end. "May I &ndash; may I please lick your vagina?"  
"You better come up with something better than that." She pushed my chair
  back, slid off the desk, and turned around with her back to me. Taking hold
  of the hem of her skirt, she slowly rolled her hips seductively, as she raised
  her skirt one inch at a time. Her body was perfect.  
"I mean just look at me teach. I am fucking hot with a capital H. So you
  better use some of that literature shit and start convincing me that you want
  some of this right here." She leaned forward, so that I could watch as she
  ran her finger through the lips of her sex.  
"Katie, you are so beautiful. You are a blonde Goddess. At statuesque vision
  of &ndash;"  
"Mmmmm. . ." Katie groaned, still stroking her sex. "Keep that up. . . you
  are turning me on. But don't you think you should be down on your knees in
  the presence of a Goddess?"  
I knelt on the floor beneath her and pulled my arms free from my ruined sweater. "Yes
  my Goddess, this humble slave begs your pardon. I can't help but to forget
  my place when I look at your awesome beauty."  
"And where is your place professor?"  
Katie's finger sped as she masturbated herself. Even her moans were even
  sexy. She was a goddess, and I was nothing. A college professor who got off
  on sexual depredation. "At your feet Goddess," I said. "At your beautiful perfect
  feet." On my hands and knees, I kissed the tops of her feet, and I too began
  to masturbate.  
"That tickles," she giggled. Her squirmed sexily.  
"Oh Goddess." I moved up to her ankles, her calves, and to the backs of her
  knees. "I'm kissing your legs - your beautiful long faultless legs."  
I continued on my trek as I worshipped her body. "I'm kissing your ass Goddess.
  Can you feel my unworthy lips pressed against your smooth succulent flesh?"  
"Yes," she breathed heavily. "Kiss it teach. Kiss my ass."  
I kissed it lovingly, running my face up and down her firm smooth mounds.
  I could hear the wet sounds of her masturbation. "I am so close Goddess. How
  I yearn to taste the nectar of your moist succulent fruit."  
I moved to kiss her pussy. Inhaling her heady scent, I would soon be in heaven.  
"Not there bitch," she said. "Go back to my ass."  
Disappointed, I moved back and trailed kisses along the swell of her bottom.  
"So - you think my ass is pretty?" she asked.  
"Yes Goddess, everything about you is beautiful."  

"Even my asshole?" She grinned
      wickedly, and then reached back, a cheek in each hand, and spread them,
    baring her tiny winking crater.  
"Even . . . your asshole." How she could bare herself, show her dirtiest
  parts so shamelessly was beyond my comprehension.  
She stopped masturbating for a moment. It was silent for a few seconds.  
"Kiss it then."  
"What?" I was mortified by the suggestion.  
"I want you to kiss it," she said. "I want you to kiss my dirty asshole or
  as you say, 'my beautiful asshole."  
"Please," I begged. I was hers to command, but how could she ask me to humiliate
  myself in such a fashion?  
"Do it bitch," she hissed.  
God help me, I did. I put my lips to her crinkled flesh and kissed.  
"Again." She groaned and began to masturbate as I obeyed.  
"Oh God, lick it. Lick it &ndash; lick it &ndash; lick it &ndash; lick my
  dirty ass you old slut."  
I wanted to make love to her. To kiss her. To lay down on a bed with her.
  This wasn't making love, it was perverse and shameful. I should have stopped.
  I should have gotten myself together and went home to my husband and cat. Instead,
  I knelt behind her. . . on the floor of my office . . . and stuck out my tongue.
  A is for adulterer. I was certainly that. I had been branded by the red magic
  marker. A slut. A whore. A slave.  
There was another thing A could stand for. The most degrading debasing thing
  I could think of. I now had my own scarlet letter. My A would be for Ass licker.
  Katie's Ass licker. I leaned forward and licked my student's asshole &ndash; the
  darkened flesh of her crater.  
"Oh God, I can't believe you are really doing this," Katie moaned. "You are
  a kinky bitch, aren't you teach?"  
Yes, I was a kinky bitch. I had expected the task to be unpleasant. But other
  than a slight odor, I relished licking Katie's beautiful ass. The mere thought
  of my submission sent a thrill of pleasure stabbing through my cunt. I licked
  harder with her encouragement. I even pressed my face tightly between her firm
  cheeks and stabbed at her nether opening with my tongue.  

"Fuck.
      . .oh fuck, you dirty &ndash; DIRTY &ndash; bitch. Ugh &ndash; ugh &ndash; you
      are really doing it &ndash; fuck it feels good. Oh fuck &ndash; more &ndash; fuck
      me with your tongue. Stick you tongue all the way up my filthy asshole"  
Her gasps grew ragged and her knees weak. When she collapsed face down on
  the desk, I had to hold her in place by her hips. I stuck my tongue out from
  between my lips and pushed my face against her ass, fucking her beautiful bottom
  with my tongue.  
"Ugh &ndash; oh gawd &ndash; gawd nasty bitch &ndash; ugh &ndash; dirty dyke &ndash; oh
  oh- you're making me cum. Fuck &ndash; you're making me cum."  
Her legs came off the ground and danced in the air as she squealed in pleasure.
  It was the sexiest sight I had ever seen.  
She laid there for a bit, and then she sat back up and tugged her miniskirt
  back down. Except for a slight flush in her cheeks, she looked as if nothing
  had ever happened. Me? I knelt there at her feet, breasts raw and scratched,
  face damp, sweater ruined.  
"You can get back in your chair now," she said.  
"Yes ma'am," I replied. The honorific slipped out, but her by her look said
  I knew that she noticed.  
Her knowing smile suggested that she had picked up on my comment. "It's your
  turn now," she said.  
I looked at her uncomprehendingly.  
"Go on, rub yourself off. Rub your big hairy cunt. You know you want to."  
I wasn't going to argue. I did want to. I wanted to so bad it hurt. Besides,
  she had already seen me do much worse. I unfastened my pants, and made to slip
  my hand into my panties.  
"No, use your other hand."  
I slipped my left hand into my panties, my fingers danced around my clit.
  It was a clumsy dance, as this hand was unfamiliar with the task.  
"That's a good girl," she said, handing me a pen. "Because I have a use for
  this one."  
I moaned as I had uncontrollable fantasies of pushing the pen inside of her.
  However, these hopes were dashed as she began to leaf through my grade book.  
"Here we are," she said, laying the book down, and then pointing to her name.
  She moved her finger over to the first grade. A zero. It was hers.  
"You know what to do."  
I added a one and a zero in front of the grade she had been given.  
"And here. And here."  
Another and another. I created a whole row of hundreds. I sold out my profession
  with every mark of red ink, but I no longer cared. A drop of sweat dangled
  on the edge of my nose and then fell. It hit my grade book and turned into
  a puddle of red. Like blood. Further evidence of my crime.  
I felt my body warm. I couldn't stop myself from moaning. Oh God I was so
  close. I could feel the tingling start in my toes and fingers.  
"You should see yourself." Katie was watching me with amusement. "Your face
  is all red and your eyes are bulging out of your head. Your big tits are all
  splotchy. You look like such a big doofus."  
Her comments drove me over the edge, my orgasm bloomed into full blossom.
  Oh sweet Jesus it poured through every inch of my body and claimed my soul.
  I grabbed Katie's hand, and held it to my mouth. I sucked her soiled fingers,
  cleaning every drop of her honey from each digit.  
I opened my eyes after I came down from my orgasm. Katie tilted my head up
  so that I was forced to look at her.  
"I own you now, don't I, Dr. Anderson?" My young student said with a knowing
  smile.  
'A' was for all. As in all of me. Mind, body, and soul. It was four o'clock,
  and I was marked for life. I wore my husband's ring, but I belonged to this
  girl, my wonderful wicked student.  
"Yes, I am yours. . ."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





