BDSM Library - A French Maid On Duty At New Years Eve




A French Maid On Duty At New Years Eve
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My master wants me to serve him during new years eve... and not just him, but a guest as well!Hi! This is my second story on this site... in my first story, I told you
  about my first experiences as a submissive french maid... a maid who wants
  to do anything to please her master (I suggest to read that story first!).
  Being a maid, serving my master... That's what I like to do. Now this story
  is more recent... it's about what happend on December 31 2004... on new years
  eve! Some exciting things happened...  
I spend new years eve with a good friend of mine, and his girlfriend. I met
  them years ago on the web, because they are into the maid fantasy as well,
  and we have been close friends ever since. Ofcourse, we are not only friends...
  but we 'play' as well. I like to be his maid, together with his girl. And so
  we did on December 31... it was the first time I was 'on duty' at new years
  eve, but I really liked it.  
I'll tell you what happened... I hope you like it; my stories are somewhat
  different from other stories on this site. That's mainly because this is no
  fantasy... this is a report on what really happened.  
My friend is called Tim, and his girlfriend is Roos. Roos and I once bought
  the same maid outfit (I have more than one though) and Tim asked us to wear
  the identical uniforms for new years eve. Actually, he asked something else
  as well. I thought it was going to be the three of us: Tim, Roos and me. Just
  like the times before. But then Tim called me. He said he wanted to invite
  someone else; he had a friend he wanted to invite. Tim said it was a nice guy,
  he knew him from his work, and he felt a bit sorry for him, because he was
  a bit of a lonely guy, and it turned out he couldn't be with his family on
  new years eve, because they decided to go on a holiday, and he couldn't join
  them because of his work. Tim discovered this guy would probably be alone on
  new years eve. And because Tim liked him so much - he told me the laughed a
  lot at work - he wanted to invite him. I asked him if he wanted to continu
  our maid-thing in that case, and he said yes. Now this scared me a little.
  I have had experiences with unknown visitors before, and sometimes it was really
  exciting, but somehow I prefer to keep this thing to the people I know. I really
  love to serve Tim, and to work together with Roos, because I chose these people
  myself. I trust them; they are my friends. With a new guy, I always worry a
  bit. But on the other hand... if Tim wants to do so, then that's his wish,
  and I like to obey him. Tim said there was nothing to worry about; it was a
  nice guy. He was even a bit shy; so nothing to fear. I asked Tim if this guy
  (Stephen he was called) already knew about our maid-thing. He said 'not yet!'.  
Well, this was going to be exciting. He understood Tim wouldn't tell Stephen
  in advance what was going to happen. He would confront him with it. And I realised
  this would be fun... when a man is confronted with this for the first time,
  it's fun to see him react. You see dreams coming to true in his eyes! I was
  curious how Tim would introduce it to him. I suspected he would start it in
  a subtle way...  
That night, I went to Tim's house. It was about 19.00. When I arrived, Stephen
  was not there yet. Tim came to me.  
&quot;I know you do not really like this&quot;, he said. &quot;But trust
  me, it will be fun!&quot;  
&quot;It's ok&quot;, I said, &quot;I trust your judgement!&quot;  
&quot;Great,&quot; he said, &quot;it will be wonderful evening... especially
  for Stephen, I think! It will be something he will never forget!&quot;  
Tim asked Roos and me already to wear our uniforms, so we went upstairs,
  and changed our clothing. Then we had some work to do. Roos bought a lot of
  delicious snacks for the evening, so we had to do some preparation in the kitchen.
  Tim gave us some instructions on what to do when Stephen came.  
At 20.00, Stephen ringed the doorbell. Tim asked us to stay in the kitchen,
  so we could not be seen immediately. Stephen came in, and I really wanted to
  take a peek, but couldn't. I heard his voice though, and he sounded as a charming
  and cheerful person. I think he was just 26 or 27 years old. Not 30 yet, that's
  for sure. He sat down in the livingroom, and Tim and he talked a little. Stephen
  asked where we were, and Tim said we would be joining in a minute. He then
  asked Stephen if he wanted to drink something. He wanted a beer. Tim called
  us.  
Roos grabbed a bottle of beer from the fridge, and I took a glass. We both
  had a small plate, and Roos put the bottle on her plate, and I put the glass
  on my plate. This way we entered the room. Now imagine what this guy sees...
  two girls in a very sexy outfit bringing his beer to him on a plate! We were
  both wearing a very short black satin dress, with nothing underneath, and ofcourse
  with a white apron, and a white ribbon in our hair.  
You had to see him. Eyes as big as cupcakes! He couldn't believe what he
  saw. Then he started laughing. I think he thought it was a joke. He didn't
  say much, however, I think he was too perplexed.  
We smiled at him, offered him his beer, and we left for the kitchen.  
Curiously, we listened what the two men were saying.  
&quot;Haha, what a welcome!&quot;, Stephen finally said.  
&quot;Did you like it?&quot;, Tim said smiling.  
&quot;I liked it!&quot;, he answered. &quot;So what's the deal... are they
  in a theatre play or something? Because, the uniforms?&quot;  
I realised this man thought we had this outfits for a whole different reason,
  and that we pulled a joke on him. Probably he didn't notice we had no panties
  underneath... he just thought it was a fun thing. We could just as well wear
  a clown outfit, or something. That's what he thought.  
&quot;No, it's not like that&quot;, Tim said. &quot;They didn't dress up
  like this for a surprise joke! They will be wearing this all evening! And they
  will serve you any drink you like. And if you like something to eat, they will
  take care of that too! It's a type of roleplaying... we like to play that type
  of games. We have done it more often. It's sort of a thing that we once did
  for fun, and then it got its own life.&quot;  
This was smart Tim. He wasn't telling the whole deal yet. We would do a lot
  more than serving drinks and snacks only! But Tim didn't want to rush Stephen
  into this thing. Ofcourse, what we do is a dream for most men, but in reality,
  when a man is suddenly confronted with this, they feel uncomfortable. Only
  in fictious sexstories, men grab their chance immediately. In real life, they
  hesistate. They think &quot;is this ok to do&quot;, they worry they hurt our
  feelings, and they feel insecure about what is allowed and what is not allowed.
  Also, they feel uncomfortable about getting naked themselves in such situations.
  Really, men have fantasies about these things, but when it suddenly happens,
  they don't know what to do. At least, that's my experience.  
So Tim tells Stephen only half the deal. He will soon realise there is more
  to it. Stephen was already feeling uncomfortable; I could see that. There was
  no reason for it: I learned he is a single guy, so he didn't have to feel objected.
  Tim called us to join for a drink, and we came and took a seat, and the four
  of us were drinking, talking and laughing. Sometimes, Tim would ask something
  of us, like &quot;Can you get me a drink?&quot; and then we would stand up,
  and say &quot;But ofcourse!&quot; in a very funny way. We wanted to make sure
  to Stephen this was all very harmless and innocent.  
Stephen soon got used to it, and after an hour or something, he dared to
  ask me something. It was a bit silly: he sneezed, and he needed a tissue. So
  he asked me for it. I grabbed the chance, and said: but ofcourse! I went to
  get some, and I returned... I sat down on his lap, and I wiped his nose. I
  did it in a sexy way, but I think he still didn't get that part.  
Then Tim decided it was time to take it a bit further. He called Roos, pointed
  on his crotch, and said: &quot;Can you help me?&quot; Roos understood. &quot;My
  pleasure&quot;, she said, and she opened his pants, took his cock out, and
  started sucking it. You should have seen Stephen's face! Totally perplexed!
  I asked him: &quot;Shall I help you with that too?&quot; But he declined.  
Then Tim said - while Roos continued her job: &quot;Feel free, Stephen! Marielle
  likes to help you with anything.&quot;  
Stephen said something like &quot;I don't know...&quot;  
&quot;It's alright, Stephen!&quot;, Tim said. &quot;You have the very privilege
  to join us in this!&quot;  
&quot;But I don't want to force her...&quot; he then said.  
&quot;Nonsense!&quot;, Tim said, in a friendly way. &quot;This is not about
  forcing her! Do you think I am forcing Roos to do this? Or Marielle? Not at
  all! This is what they like too. Roos and Marielle are a little bit different
  from other girls maybe, in a way that they really like to serve. They love
  to wear that maid uniform, and do everything we say. It's not just my fantasy,
  it's theirs too.&quot;  
&quot;That's true, Stephen&quot;, I whispered in his ear. &quot;I like to
  do everything for you!&quot;  
I lifted my dress, to show him I was wearing nothing underneath. &quot;You
  can use everything of me&quot;, I said.  
Roos was still sucking Tim, but with one hand she lifted her dress as well,
  and said: &quot;And everything of me!&quot;  
&quot;But Roos is your girlfriend, Tim!&quot;, Stephen said.  
&quot;That's true&quot;, Tim said. &quot;And normally, I don't like anyone
  to touch her. Except when we are playing this maid thing, and I invited a guest.
  It pleases me to watch her satisfying you. So feel free.&quot;  
Stephen smiled, but he still felt a bit uncomfortable. He didn't expect this
  to happen, and for some reason, he felt unprepared or something... he asked
  if he could take a shower with me. I understood he really liked me to do something,
  but he still felt shy because of Tim being there.  
&quot;Ofcourse darling&quot;, I said to him. &quot;Follow me please!&quot;  
We went upstairs, to the bathroom.  
It turned out Stephen wanted to ask me something.  
&quot;You really like to do this?&quot;, he said.  
&quot;But ofcourse!&quot;, I replied.  
&quot;So it's not like Tim forced you to do this slave-like thing?&quot;  
&quot;Oh no, Stephen, ofcourse not! You know, I was looking for someone like
  Tim on the internet. I found him  to play this game. He
  didn't find me. Trust me, this is all ok. We are not slave-women from Eastern
  Europe or something. We are not forced to do anything. I appreciate your concern,
  but you can forget about all that. We are Dutch girls, we simply like to do
  this... this simply is my fantasy. I like to serve... I like to serve you,
  right now. I like to satisfy you; that satisfies me too. So what do you like?&quot;  
&quot;I came straight from work&quot;, Stephen said. &quot;I don't feel fresh...
  can I take a shower? And uhm... can you wash me?&quot;  
Ofcourse I did! I undressed myself first, then I undressed him, and we got
  under the shower. I washed him, I sucked his cock (he already dared to ask
  me that!) and when I started to dry him, Roos came in. &quot;Let me help you&quot;,
  she said, and she took the towel from me and dried Stephen. Meanwhile I could
  wipe myself. Then we went down again. So far, everything we did was pretty
  basic. I was wondering what Tim had in mind...  
&quot;Feel fresh?&quot;, Tim asked.  
&quot;Yessss!&quot;, Stephen replied. He got a little bit more flair. He
  sat down on the couch.  
&quot;You like to watch tv?&quot;, Tim asked.  
On new years eve, there always is a special show by a famous comedian on
  Dutch tv.  
&quot;I like to see the comedy-show... if you like to see it too&quot;, Stephen
  said.  
&quot;Very much&quot;, Tim said. While saying that, he looked at us. I immediately
  saw he had something in mind...  
&quot;Maids&quot;, Tim said, &quot;Candle-position, both on one side of the
  tv. Naked.&quot;  
We had done this before, although not in this setting. Tim's tv was placed
  on a small table. We had to flank it; Roos was on the right side, I was on
  the left side of the tv. We had to undress, then lie down on our back, spread
  our legs, and then bring our knees to our shoulders. We could use our hands
  to hold our legs in this position. This way, our pussies are pointing upwards.
  Tim took two large candles... and he stuck one in my cunt, and one in Roos'
  cunt. Then he lit them both, and switched of the other lights in the room.  
&quot;These pussies will be our light during the tv-show!&quot;, Tim said.  
Stephen was perplexed again... he just got used to using us for sex, now
  this bizar thing came up! But he seemed to like it. &quot;Sexy!&quot;, he said
  grinning.  
Now Roos and I had to stay in this position for quite some time. It's tiring,
  but also exciting, you can't keep the candle straight up, so it's a bit wobbly...
  because of that, hot tallow drips downwards. It doesn't hurt, but it teased
  enormously. And it surely teased Tim and Stephen to see us like this... I still
  wonder if they actually saw the tv-show... especially Stephen was staring at
  my cunt, with the candle in it, all the time. I bet he wanted to fuck me, but
  he didn't dare to propose this... because we were doing what Tim told us. This
  was the task Tim gave us, and he was the master. Stephen realised he was just
  the guest.  
When the show was over - we missed the first bit, so they only saw the last
  30 minutes - we were approaching midnight. Almost new year! Tim told us to
  clean ourselves, but stay completely naked. We went to the bathroom to remove
  the tallow, and we came back nude. Tim already got the champagne. He had to
  bottles, and he gave one to Stephen.  
&quot;Maids, on the table! On your back!&quot;, Tim said to us. We did so,
  and Tim told Stephen what we were going to do: &quot;At 12 o'clock, pop the
  bottle of champagne, and pour some champagne in Mari&euml;lle's bellybutton.
  Then drink it, pour some more, and drink again! I will do the same with Roos!&quot;  
And so we did... at 12, Tim shouted &quot;Happy new year!&quot; and then
  then the poured the champage in our bellybutton... it was something new...
  and I liked it. And Stephen liked it too! After a few drinks from my bellybutton
  (which cannot contain so much champagne, I have to say), he was pouring the
  champagne all over my body, and in my mouth, and he licked me all over... it
  was lovely, and I enjoyed watching Tim and Roos doing the same thing right
  next to me...  
When the bottles were empty, Tim said: &quot;I am going upstairs with one
  of my maids, and have some real good new year sex... and when I come back,
  the maid thing is ended, and we will continu the night as normal people do!&quot;  
Stephen nodded his head, and he put his arm around me. I think he suspected
  Tim to take Roos upstairs. But Tim chose me for some good bedtime... I think
  he realised he can have Roos everyday, but me only occasionally!  
So we left Stephen and Roos downstairs. I heard later Stephen was a bit shocked
  about this, and he felt bad for Roos... but she convinced him pretty soon it
  was all ok, and she told him she was there for him now. She sat down on the
  couch naked, spreaded her legs, and said: &quot;What do you wish, master Stephen?&quot;  
I guess he did what he was thinking while he was staring at my cunt earlier
  that night...  
Did you like my story? If you like to ask me things about, or if you want
  to read more about my maid-adventures: I opened a Yahoo Group where you can
  meet me! I like to get some response on my stories, so feel free to visit me
  there! It's free, and this is where it is: groups.yahoo.com/group/maidmarielle  
Hope to see you there, and you'll read a lot more about me!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marielle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





