BDSM Library - Aurora, Sexy Assassin II




Aurora, Sexy Assassin II
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the sequel to the first episode. Aurora lures her next victim away from the safety of his guards enticing him with her sensuous ways and alluring charms. Witness how Aurora reduces a vicious criminal into her willing dog slave before he meets his end.Aurora, Sexy Assassin (2)   
Episode II: Lured by her    
The unmistakable purr of a mechanical cat heralded the arrival of a sleek
  bright red Lamborghini Diablo sports car as it maneuvered itself behind a copse
  of wild bushes and trees that dotted the long deserted stretch of white sandy
  beach so typical of beaches that surround the exotic island of Mactan.  
Engines shut down; night sounds descended once again with only the gentle
  lapping of the waves hitting the sandy shores can be heard.  
A tall young lovely woman with a perfect figure of a swimsuit model emerges
  from the driver side of the sports car. She wore a pair of knee high black
  leather boots with four-inch stiletto heels, with a matching short black leather
  skirt and a black leather bolero jacket over a body hugging white shirt. As
  she moves, a holstered .357 caliber Eagle pistol can be easily discern strap
  by her shoulder holsters.  
Standing in front of her Lamborghini Diablo, the gorgeous looking female
  driver pops open the front hood (being a mid-engine car its baggage compartment
  is located in front) revealing her live cargo. She smiles at the badly battered
  man who was severely contorted in the cramped confines of the sports car's
  hood.  
Aurora, the most accomplished and deadliest assassin the world has ever known,
  looks down at her latest victim, Hopia, short, sweaty, fat but wealthy Chinese
  gunrunner who made billions plying his nefarious trade and a notorious woman
  stalker.  
With one black leather gloved hand, Aurora grabs hold of Hopia's hair and
  forcefully drag him out of her car and throwing him down on the sandy ground.
  She swiftly moves and stood above him and places her booted foot firmly on
  his back as she proceeded to fasten a leather collar around his neck. With
  both hands cuffed securely behind Hopia's back Aurora pulls them up and locks
  them into place by his leather collar, which evinces a stifled painful cry
  from Hopia. Last to be put into place was a short length of chain leash that
  Aurora deftly attaches to the front side of Hopia's leather collar. She stands
  back and admires her handiwork. Hopia was now perfectly locked and secured
  and completely under her complete control.  
Taking off her jacket, Aurora's supple but firm well-rounded breast are barely
  restrained by her tight fitting white sleeveless shirt. Her body-hugging shirt,
  which ended above her navel, reveals her shapely flawless figure and flat abs.
  The gentle sea breeze toyed with her shiny long black hair as she scans around
  the horizon.  
Satisfied, she grabs hold of Hopia's leash as she proceeds deeper into the
  trees, dragging him, and walking him head bowed like a recently chastised dog.  
Hopia couldn't believe his misfortune. Only a few hours ago, he was at High
  Life, a well-known club and party place where the best, the rich and the beautiful
  congregate in the upscale area of uptown Cebu City.  
The party mood was at its fever pitch when all eyes were suddenly riveted
  at the young gorgeous woman who gracefully walks up the dance floor. She managed
  to draw all eyes to her, as she was easily the most attractive girl around.
  Hopia was no exception, his heart pounding as he just simply gawked at Aurora
  as the latter began a sensuous slow seductive dance in the middle of the dance
  floor.  
Hopia remembers now how strange it was that of all the men who tried vainly
  to make a pass at the lovely Aurora he was the only one she gave particular
  notice. He remembers how his ego swelled as the most beautiful woman in that
  place chose him over everyone else.  
Hopia instructed his bodyguards to remain at the bar as Aurora lured him
  to her car at the deserted area behind Vudu lounge. He was filled with so much
  excitement not unlike the first time he loss his virginity, as he followed
  Aurora close behind tantalized by the way she moves as she led him to the parking
  lot. The distinctively feminine sound the 4-inch heels of her boots made as
  she walks can be audibly heard along the deserted pavement lined with expensive
  looking cars.  
Hopia was even more amazed as he discovers that the lovely young object of
  his desire owns and drives a sleek sporty fiery red Lamborghini Diablo. Hopia
  could actually feel his hands shaking as she gazes at the picture perfect Aurora
  lean on the car seductively as she pops open the door to the driver's side.
  She lowered herself slowly on the seat while steadily fixing her exquisite
  alluring eyes on him.  
As she does this, her tight fitting black leather mini-skirt hike up further
  up her legs revealing mouthwatering creamy white thighs over long perfectly
  shape firm legs. Aurora's shapely well rounded pussy, which was barely covered
  by sheer black silk-nylon high-cut black thong panties, was generously revealed
  to Hopia so much so that even when she cross her magnificent legs the "V" shape
  of her seductive panties can still be clearly seen contrasted by the porcelain
  like sheen of her ivory thighs. The ambient light from the lamppost glinted
  on the shiny surface of Aurora's expensive classy Italian made knee high black
  leather boots.  
Aurora made no effort to cover herself, delighting at Hopia's undivided attention
  with his stare giving her seemingly physical caresses while his eyes focuses
  on her thighs and panty-covered pussy mound. Hopia could not help himself but
  simply gawk and froze on his feet as he takes in all of Aurora's profound and
  unparalleled beauty.  
His trancelike stare was snap out when Aurora beckon him with fingers wrap
  in sleek leather driving gloves to come closer. Hopia did so without a moment's
  hesitation, his heart pumping with anticipation.  
"I have notice that you have been paying so much attention to my boots. Do
  you like my boots, Hopia?" Aurora spoke in a soft melodious and teasing manner.
  Her voice was like music to Hopia's ears that he did not immediately heard
  what she said, so Aurora have to repeat her words.  
"Oh yes, my lovely Aurora. Those boots are very sexy and looks especially
  awesome on you. I like them very much." Hopia replied eagerly, much too eagerly
  that Aurora simply smiled.  
"Perhaps," Aurora began, "you would like a closer inspection, hmmmm?" and
  she winks at him, giving him a winning smile to which Hopia could only stammer
  an incomprehensible reply.  
"You can get a better look at my boots if you get down on your knees Hopia." Aurora
  said, smiling and fixing her charming eyes on him. "Go ahead, don't be shy.
  Nobody else is around. Kneel before me like a slave before a Goddess." Aurora
  said with a sensuous lilt of her voice enticing Hopia to do her bidding.  
Hopia was filled with so much excitement that he willingly did Aurora's command
  and eagerly went down and knelt on the pavement by the driver's side door while
  she was settled on the soft leather of her driver's seat.  
Aurora slowly raised her right booted leg and stretches it towards Hopia's
  face, the toe of her boot just inches away from his lips. And then, Aurora
  began in her soft sweet teasing voice, "I'm about to grant you what you have
  obviously been wishing all night, Hopia dear."  
Hopia was now gasping for the much-anticipated command that she would now
  demand him do. He could not believe his luck that this awesome beauty have
  somehow read his mind and that his desire would soon be granted.  
And so it came when Aurora finally said the words, "Now then, why don't you
  be a good slave boy, and show this girl how good you are at shining things.
  Lick my boots slave!"  
Without a moment's hesitation, Hopia bowed his head and proceeded to do Aurora's
  bidding.  
At first, he plants his soft moist lips on the booted toe of her boot and
  then slowly proceeded to let out his long enormous tongue and took a long slow
  swipe from the toe end up towards where the leather ended on its rim near the
  knee, tracing it with the tip of his tongue.  
Hopia momentarily stops to look up at Aurora's face seemingly begging her
  that he continue to which she replied, "Go on Hopia enjoy yourself, don't be
  shy. Show me what a good slave you'll make." Then she lets out a girlish laughter,
  mocking him.  
So it was that Hopia had mindlessly became Aurora's slave, as he licks her
  boots eagerly and unabashedly. Hopia was even surprised with himself how he
  actually enjoys doing this, as he unashamedly tongues Aurora's boots, licking
  it from the toes and around and around until he reaches the top most rims of
  her boots near her knees.  
The act of licking Aurora's boots was not merely for show or a symbolic gesture
  for his newfound Goddess' appreciation. He was sincerely making an effort to
  shine her boots thoroughly and enjoying it in the process.  
Hopia's tongue was like an artist's brush as it skillfully weaves all over
  Aurora's boots like it was a painter's canvass. He would kiss it adoringly
  from time to time and make concentric little circles with his tongue on the
  smooth leather surface of her boots. He would sigh as he taste the distinctive
  flavor and take in the aroma of expensive leather.  
All this time, Aurora would just giggle like a schoolgirl. She would chuckle
  as she taunts and tease Hopia's abject state.  
"Oh now, are you enjoying yourself my dear Hopia? Do you like being my slave
  and licking my boots?" Aurora goads him on.  
Hopia by now was already beside himself when he replied, "Oh yes, yes Ma'am&hellip;I've
  never done this before to anyone&hellip;but&hellip;and I don't know why&hellip;.but&hellip;.
  gosh&hellip;.I'm definitely enjoying this&hellip;.oh my".  
This only prompted Aurora to chuckle gleefully, feeling so dominant and superior.  
Before Hopia was through with his ministrations, Aurora's boots already acquired
  an unmistakable shine. She smiled at the efficiency of Hopia's tongue service.  
Aurora took a quick glance at her watch and decided that she still has plenty
  of time she might as well let this pathetic soon to be condemn man have his
  final pleasure before she sends him to his grave.  
Hopia felt the sole of Aurora's booted foot on his face as she shoved him
  away rather forcefully sending him flat on his back. Before he could react,
  Aurora stood up and step over him and stood squarely on his chest, her booted
  feet firmly planted with the four-inch heels digging painfully down on his
  skin.  
Perfectly balance, Aurora stood towering over Hopia in a sexy pose with her
  gloved hands on her shapely hips. She looks down on her boots, as if inspecting
  it, ignoring the helplessly Hopia who lie practically beneath her feet as if
  he was just part of the pavement.  
"Nice job slave, I'm impressed." Aurora said, finally looking down on his
  contorted face agonizing from the effort of supporting her on his frail chest.
  Although Aurora is quite sexy and slim and so lightweight the heels of her
  boots, however, proved quite too painful for Hopia to bear. But he endured
  nevertheless.  
"Since you did such a nice work on my boots, I have another job for that
  wonderful tongue of yours." Aurora said with a wink.  
Hopia's heartbeat rose in crescendo, as he watches Aurora who stood above
  him slowly unzipping her skirt. Aurora remain standing on Hopia's chest even
  while she deftly step out of her skirt and revealing herself before the frustrate
  Hopia the glorious splendor of her mouthwatering creamy white thighs and long
  perfectly shape legs.  
Hopia gasped at the wonderful sight above him. He has never seen such perfect
  set of legs before. And Aurora's magnificent thighs were even more exposed
  especially with the ultimately sexy piece of high cut black silk nylon panties
  she wear which is cut so severely up and above her tiny waist and barely covering
  her soft well rounded pussy mound.  
Aurora turns around and dismounted off Hopia's chest and walks the few steps
  back to her car and slowly sat once again on the driver's seat. Her gloved
  finger beckon Hopia to come closer, which he eagerly complied, crawling his
  way towards Aurora. As he approached she parted her legs and drew Hopia closer
  by grabbing his hair with both her gloved hands.  
"I've been aching for this all night, slave boy. Now then, be a good slave,
  and show this girl a good time." With that, Aurora pulled Hopia's head and
  pushed his face deep between her thighs.  
"Oh God!" was all Hopia said before he was suffused with the sweet scent
  of Aurora, his face a virtual prisoner of her amazingly stunning thighs. Hopia
  went to work immediately and proceeded to devour his Goddess whole with his
  enthusiastic lips and fervent tongue.  
Hopia could feel Aurora's grip tightened on his hair when he snake his tongue
  around the hem of her tiny panties as it desperately search for her love tunnel.
  By his tongue alone, Hopia was finally able to slid tiny patch of silk-nylon
  to one side and without actually removing her panties completely was able to
  completely exposed her pussy in all its splendor.  
An audible sigh ensued from Aurora's lips just as when the tip of his tongue
  found the tiny moistening gateway of her inner feminine core.  
Encouraged, Hopia ensued a vigorous suction by first clasping with his enormous
  mouth and ample lips the entirety of Aurora's pussy mound. Firmly secured with
  his suction like lips, Hopia commence a massage like sucking motion on Aurora
  while at the same time his long snakelike tongue probes deeper and deeper inside
  of her.  
The sucking and probing motion succeeded to immediately produce a wild response
  on Aurora as she began to sway her hips back and forth trying to push herself
  harder on Hopia's face.  
Aurora's reaction of rubbing herself hard on Hopia's face only heartened
  him further to exert more vigorous sucking caresses with his vacuum like lips
  and with his tongue probing deeper and flicking it harder and faster with unbridled
  passion. Hopia's unrelenting efforts at bringing Aurora to heights of ecstatic
  pleasure seem to him as if this moment was the only reason for his being. To
  worship her with his tongue was the only purpose in his life.  
Hopia knew that Aurora was already on the verge of exploding as he could
  feel the unmistakable trembling deep inside her and the fact that she was rubbing
  herself now harder and harder on his face with sensuous motions of her hips,
  her glove hands gripping his hair harder and harder by the second.  
To the lovely Aurora she heightened and subsiding in quick succession with
  every expert stroke of her victim's tongue. To her the sensation she feels
  is like as if she was a great bird of prey soaring high up to the heavens then
  diving down fast on the verdant valley below and then soaring up again and
  diving and swooping along the trees, the mist and then up to the clouds again
  accelerating with every seconds passing. Or, like a long dormant volcano being
  slowly being woken by the gentle but incessant stroking of the elements. It
  is not far off to compare her current sensation to a huge enormous dam about
  to break into a million pieces with the constant lapping of unstoppable floodwaters.  
Finally a muted scream of delight ensued from Aurora's lips as she erupts
  in gigantic heaves of her hips, her succulent juices gushing down like heavy
  torrents of floodwaters rushing down to Hopia's eagerly awaiting lips. She
  held on to him for much longer as one explosion of ecstasy was followed by
  and even bigger and more enduring one. All the aches and stress of the world
  left her body, draining her, making her feel whole and complete.  
For Hopia, Aurora's continuous enduring and massive orgasm would seem like
  an eternity as he held on faithfully with suction like lips never letting go
  like a hungry leech. Making sure that he doesn't waste a single drop, Hopia
  desperately held on with his lips, struggling hard to sip and savor the delectable
  taste of Aurora's juices.  
His face now moistened by Aurora's viscous secretions, Hopia lingered on
  with his tongue ensuring that he gets every last drop as he lovingly dries
  her up of any trace of wetness.  
Just before he lost consciousness, Hopia felt Aurora's gloved hand snake
  down the base of his spine and then momentarily felt an immense pain and a
  blinding flash before he fell into a deep sleep. Next thing Hopia knew he was
  already all bunch up in the tiny baggage compartment of Aurora's sports car
  with both his hands cuffed securely behind his back.  
His reverie of the heavenly moments he had with Aurora just an hour before
  was jolted out of his mind when Aurora savagely pulled at his leashed egging
  him to move faster. This is now hell. Hopia knew his life is about to end at
  the hands of this magnificent young woman.  
The tree line gradually diminishes in density as they both emerge on a deserted
  beach next to a long line of steel pylons, which extended from the roadside
  stretching to the beach and then into the sea for about two hundred meters.
  Each steel pylon towers about twenty feet into the air with flashing red lights.
  Hopia realized that this was the seaward extension of the runway lights that
  guide the jets, which landed regularly at Mactan International Airport.  
Hopia was still clueless as to Aurora's intentions as she continues on dragging
  him on the soft flat sandy ground towards the No. 82 pylon, which is about
  a hundred meters from the beach. They were only able to do this walking on
  what would have been underwater a few hours ago as it was now low tide.  
As they finally reach the No. 82 pylon, Hopia could see the high water markings
  on the steel tower a good fifteen feet above him. They would be both underwater
  if it was already high tide, Hopia muses, trying hard to divert his mind from
  his precarious situation.  
His musings were cut painfully short when, without warning, Aurora suddenly
  kick him in the gut doubling him over and down on the soft muddy ground. The
  expertly place kick was so sudden and so painfully that he could not let out
  a scream. Not that it would be useful anyway as the place was vastly deserted.  
Hopia then felt the full weight of Aurora as she climbs and stood squarely
  on his chest, the stiletto heels of her boots digging painfully on his skin.  
Visions blurring from the intense pain he could see the lovely assassin on
  top of him began to raise her skirt and in a one swift motion pulled down her
  high cut black T-back panties.  
Aurora, still on top of Hopia's chest, squats down and reaches for his jaws,
  prying it open. "Here you go, have a final taste of me, slave boy." Aurora
  then force down her black high cut thong panties down Hopia's throat gagging
  him effectively. Aurora then steps off and proceeds to walk away, glancing
  back momentarily only to taunt Hopia by blowing a kiss in his direction.  
Hopia was at first perplexed and confused. He was convinced that she would
  execute him in this isolated place but yet she just simply left him there.
  Why? He thought, what's the mystery?  
As Hopia was trying to get up, the answers just as quickly dawn on him when
  he realized that his neck was restrained. He looks around and saw that his
  leash was lock securely to No. 82 pylon. Worse he starts to feel the water
  gently lapping on his body. He began to panic. He tried to get up from his
  lying position but could not as he was locked down tight. Neither could he
  scream as Aurora's black high cut T-back panties were lodged down on his throat.  
Aurora looks back again and could barely see the wild thrashing of a wormlike
  short fat figure on the ground. She looks at her Rolex watch and smiled knowing
  that the Mactan channel has a reputation for sudden swelling and ebbing of
  tides. In less than twenty minutes, Hopia will be under fifteen feet of watery
  grave.  
Twenty minutes, she muse, would be plenty of time for him to be mentally
  tortured and be rack with his enormous guilt over his nefarious activities
  as a gunrunner and despicable repute as a harasser of women.  
-The End-  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  joaquin d bootboy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





