BDSM Library - Kelly's Conversion




Kelly's Conversion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He had known her since the fourth grade, as her fate would have it he met her again later in life and made her his own. Warning:   
This story is fiction, and should be treated
    as such. The following story is for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and
    contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or reading
    sex stories upset you, DO NOT read any further. If it is illegal in your
    location, DO NOT read it.   
This is a copyrighted work. Copyright by Not
    My Story. Reposting or any other use of it is strictly prohibited without
    the express, written permission of the author, except that it may be posted
    as part of a review or posted to a free-access, noncommercial archive sites.   
Disclaimer:   All
    characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone, either alive or dead,
    is purely coincidental.   
Prologue  
I had known her since fourth grade, her family had moved into to our neighborhood
  that summer and she and her two twin brothers had all started school that year.
  Kelly was a year older than the twins but her parents had held her back so
  they would all be in the same grade. I was always attracted to her, finding
  her beautiful even way back then. Through junior high and high school she had
  always been very athletic, being the star player on the girl's basketball,
  softball, volleyball, and track teams. She was intelligent also.  
Starting in junior high I had asked her out every year and every year she
  blew me off never taking me seriously. You couldn't say we were friends, but
  we did talk from time to time, but just about school stuff. After graduation
  I went off to college to become a computer programmer not knowing what had
  happened to her.  
About a year after I had graduated college, I was working as a computer consultant
  working at different job sites and working on a variety of systems. I met Ryan,
  while working for the local power plant modernizing their systems. He was just
  some lowly technician who had been assigned to drive me to the different sites
  while I upgraded them. As the job took two weeks, we had kind of become friends.
  At the beginning of the second week, on Monday, he told me he was going to
  the bar that evening to watch the football game and invited me to join him.
  I told him thanks, but I don't drink. He said great, then you can be the designated
  driver. Reluctantly I agreed to join him, never enjoying the bar scene, as
  I didn't drink or smoke. I meet him at his place after work, where he changed
  his clothes then he scribbled a note to his wife. Telling me that his wife
  was at the Church, helping out with their vacation bible school.  
That night he had gotten drunk and stupid, even before the game came on.
  Realizing this guy was a complete ass hole, as I then watched him flirt with
  every gal in the place. All this while his wife was at vacation bible school,
  what a winner. Remembering why I hated bars, I hoped he wouldn't do anything
  too stupid, knowing I still had four days worth of work to do with this genius.
  As the game played on, his state went from drunk to shit faced, and as the
  game ended, our team losing, I began to shuffle him back to my car, happy that
  this night was about over.  
Ryan so drunk that he could barely stand, having to grab onto me to steady
  himself several times. Once in the car we headed to his place. He just kept
  chatting endlessly the whole time. He was a friendly, talkative drunk and gave
  me his whole life story on the thirty minute drive, even telling me about how
  timid his wife was. I mean really, what was he thinking. We barely knew each
  other and yet here he was telling me how hot she was, and how she is in great
  shape, as she went to the gym three times a week. Then complaining about how
  boring in the sack she was, never allowing him to try anything new, that they
  always had sex in the same position and she wouldn't even let him leave the
  lights on when they did it.  
He went on about how he had begged her to let him take some Polaroid's of
  her and how she went ballistic at the very thought. Wishing he would just shut
  up, I just kept driving, not saying a word. As he continued to go on about
  their relationship and their troubles. I was relieved when I pulled into his
  driveway, watching him get out of the car and stumble towards his front door.  
He dropped his keys twice trying to open his door. Deciding that the lush
  would never get in without some help, I got out of my car and joined him at
  the front door, picking up his keys, as he dropped them once again. As I asked
  him which key it was to open the door, he leaned against it, to steady himself.
  As he started to reply to my question, the front door was pulled open, causing
  him to fall forward into his wife.  
As he fell forward, his hand had gotten tangled in her robe. Having just
  gotten out of the shower, when she heard her husband trying to open the door
  with his key, she had pulled on her long bath robe, and had come down to let
  him in. As he pulled himself up, with her help, his arm pulled her robe open,
  exposing me to a full frontal view of her body, as I stood just to the side
  on the front porch. After steadying him, she pulled her robe closed again,
  not realizing that I had just gotten a peek at her body. As Ryan began to introduce
  us, I looked at her face. There in front of me was Kelly, my Kelly from the
  old neighborhood.  
Seeing he made it in okay, I told Kelly it was good to see her again, and
  lying to her, I told her that I had had fun tonight. Going home that night
  I laid in bed, thinking of Kelly and how great she had looked. Thinking to
  myself what a younger me would have given for a view of her like I had gotten
  tonight. I began to wonder how she had married this retard, when she wouldn't
  even go out on a date with me. Then it came to me. A fiendish plan to befriend
  her husband, and get close to her. Then see what opportunities presented themselves
  to me.  
The next week Ryan and I went back to the bar and watched the game even though
  I had already moved onto another job. With a little work from me, we became
  fast friends, as he was happy to have someone to get out of the house with.
  As the months went by we started to hangout about twice a week, Ryan grateful
  to have someone to drive him from bar to bar. As time went on, I had learned
  that one of her brothers had introduced her to Ryan, after the two men had
  meet at a bar. From there they began to date, and eventually married. Having
  only been married for six months when I had meet Ryan.  
Kelly had been raised in a very religious family, and as she had matured,
  she embraced her religion and found it rewarding. She taught Sunday school
  to the toddler class even though she had no children of her own. She also cleaned
  the church building, and was an assistant in the morning Preschool class throughout
  the year, for which she was paid a meager $150.00 a week. But since she was
  not doing it for the money, she found it rewarding, and at 24, she found herself
  happy with her life, hoping to have children of her own soon, once Ryan found
  a better job. Her only wish was that her husband would give up his drinking,
  and embrace her religion.  
Ryan was still pretty good friends with Chuck, one of Kelly's younger twin
  brothers the two would often go to one of local casino's together a couple
  of nights a week. Her brothers, not embracing their religious upbringing as
  she had, were a couple of degenerates, each one moving from job to job and
  always getting into trouble. Between spending a couple of nights out with me
  and a couple out with her brother Chuck, the newlyweds Ryan and Kelly saw very
  little of each other, over the next three years, as I worked my way into their
  lives. I had built them a computer, so that Ryan could surf the net, and to
  help Kelly prepare her Sunday school lessons. Kelly even asked me to design
  and host her church's webpage, as I ran several webpages on the side to boost
  my income. I got to really know her, as we worked together on the church's
  webpage design, making it just the way that she wanted it.  
It was then that I decided that it was time to make my move.  
Chapter 1 : The Setup  
After pretending to be his friend for the last 3 years, in hopes of getting
  a shot at his wife, my old crush from High School, I decided that it was time
  to make things happen. Having set myself a backdoor into their computer, when
  I gave it to them. I had also showed Ryan how to use it to manage their finances,
  and pay bill's online. I had shown Kelly how to use it to chat with her parents,
  who had moved to Chicago. Lastly I allowed them to use the small ISP that I
  ran, to host webpages with, as their Internet connection for free.  
Having looked over their finances through the back door in their computer,
  I saw that they were in bad shape financially. Seeing that they had two mortgages
  on their home, and were behind on all of their bills, due to Ryan's apparent
  gambling problem. Having played the part of the good friend, I continually
  warned him to stay away from the casinos, but he never listened to my warnings.  
As I witnessed Ryan's destructive, downward spiral, I devised my plan. Ryan,
  stressed from his financial problems, and reluctant to talk to me due to my
  constant warnings to him. He began to go out more often, trying to drink away
  his problem's, this led him into having a short lived affair with one of the
  local barflies. I couldn't understand why he was cheating on his beautiful
  wife with this women, seeing that she was over weight and not very attractive
  in my opinion. Kelly on the other hand was gorgeous. I myself being a face
  guy, I was drawn to her deep blue eyes and angelic face. Her wavy brown hair
  dipping beneath her shoulders to the small of her back. Her face reminded me
  of Kathy Ireland's only softer. I was in love with Ryan's wife, my &quot;friends&quot; wife.  
Having photographed his affair with the barfly I knew I could end his marriage
  at any time, knowing that Kelly, with her religious beliefs would never be
  able to accept his infidelity. That, combined with her gaining the knowledge
  of their true financial troubles, would surely cause a divorce. Who knows,
  if I played my cards right, I could sweep in and pick her up, by being her
  white knight, but hearing Ryan's complaints about her prudishness, I knew it
  wasn't enough to simply make her my wife, in fact, it was no longer my goal.
  I knew I wanted to make her mine, my slave and my whore, so that she would
  carry out all my wildest dreams and fantasies, her own reservations be damned.  
Having all the pieces in place I waited until Ryan was particularly depressed,
  having just received a letter threatening foreclosure on his home, as he was
  now five months behind on his first mortgage, and swamped with bills totaling
  over $85,000.00. I broached the subject cautiously, suggesting he let me help
  him refinance his house as the interest rates where now the lowest that they
  had been in our lifetimes, telling him that it could save him big money. Knowing
  he was about to lose his home and cars and couldn't hide it from me or anyone
  any longer, he began to explain his situation to me, unaware that I already
  knew it all.  
I sat down and acted shocked, as he told me how suddenly he had hit a run
  of bad luck at the casinos and gotten in bad shape. Of course I knew that his
  sudden streak had been going on for over a year. He began to tell me how he'd
  written bad check's, and had let Kelly do so unknowingly, also upwards of $5000.00
  dollars, and that there had been warrants issued for both of their arrests
  over the matter. He explained to me the hell he'd gone through having had his
  phone number changed, and the old one forwarded to his cell phone and how he'd
  gotten their mail delivered to a post office box to insure that Kelly didn't
  find out.  
Having drunk several beers now, my treat of course, he began to cry, telling
  me that there was no way to hide it from her now. Trying to comfort him, I
  told him not to worry, that maybe he could ask his folks for some help or maybe
  Kelly's family. Surely they'd help to keep their daughter out of jail. He told
  me neither could help, reminding me of that which I already knew, but only
  feigned ignorance for his benefit. His parents had just filed bankruptcy on
  their small farm a year ago, and Kelly's parents, her mother a cafeteria worker
  and her father, now disabled after a heart attack, had been a janitor, so combined,
  they made less than his pitiful salary. Not to mention the fact that they already
  disliked their alcoholic son-in-law.  
Pretending to contemplate the situation, I finally offered to help him, telling
  him it would hit me hard in my wallet. Not letting him know that the adult
  websites I hosted, netted me over a million dollars in the previous year, and
  brought in over $90,000.00 dollars a month, and then there was my day job.
  Never flaunting the money I had, in front of my &quot;friends&quot;, I had
  always let on that I was doing okay, but was still hoping to do better. Although
  I made plenty from my web hosting, I still worked as a consultant, because
  I enjoyed my work and it had its benefits.  
Knowing how much money we were talking about, he told me that he couldn't
  let me do that, it would be asking too much of anyone. I said fine, knowing
  hat he wouldn't be able to hold out long.  
After a half hour at the bar, and another beer for him, he turned and asked, &quot;Would
  you really be willing to do that?&quot;  
I looked back and said, &quot;Maybe.&quot;  
He looked at me and said, &quot;Look, I'd do anything to make this all just
  go away. Is there anything that I can do to get you to help us?&quot;  
I looked him in the eyes and said, &quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;What, what would you want, in order to help me? Anything, I mean anything
  you want, just name it.&quot; he pleaded, desperate to seal the deal.  
&quot;I want to fuck Kelly.&quot; I coldly responded.  
To my surprise he sat for several minutes, thinking over my offer. As I had
  expected a flat refusal, this was totally unexpected.  
&quot;Look I would certainly allow you to have sex with my wife, but Kelly,
  you know her, she'd never go along with it, not in a million years. There's
  got to be something else I...&quot;  
I cut him off. &quot;She doesn't have to agree. I have everything figured
  out. Now do you want my help or not Ryan?&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, I want your help. If you think you got it figured out, then yes,
  let's do it. Okay&quot; He replied immediately.  
I was shocked at how quickly he gave his wife over to another man. He really
  was low, here was a guy who bragged how he had taken his wife's virginity on
  their wedding night, and had been the only man she'd ever been with, and now,
  with less than five minutes of deliberation, he had agreed to let another man
  have her. Kelly deserved better than this guy, he was below her, too bad she
  was in for worse.  
I instructed him to take tomorrow afternoon off and meet me at my place at
  2:00. He said okay, without even a single question. I had spent the morning
  paying off Kelly's bad checks, not worried about Ryan's. I had transferred
  $22,300.00 dollars into his account the amount of all of his late bill's, enough
  money for him to get them caught up on all of their debts. I knew that he wouldn't
  use the money for its intended purposes, so I bought the mortgage to his house
  from the bank.  
He arrived at my place late, 2:30, and he'd been drinking. I showed him the
  deposit slip from his bank, telling him that I had placed more than enough
  money, to get his bills caught up, and that I had taken care of Kelly's bad
  checks and warrants, not mentioning his at all.  
Next I said &quot;Okay, just so that we have no misunderstanding, I want
  you to go through the terms of your arrangement with me.&quot; handing him
  a piece of paper, he read off aloud the terms of our deal, unaware that I was
  recording the whole thing on video tape. No longer reading from the paper,
  when he was asked what I got in return, he did an impromptu answer of &quot;You
  get to fuck the shit out of my wife Kelly.&quot;  
The recording went better than I had hoped, thanks to his unscripted comments,
  I hit the stop button on the remote in my pocket, ending the recording. I handed
  him a small packet of white powder and instructed him to put it in Kelly's
  juice when she got back from the gym that evening. I told him to then go out
  with Kelly's brother Chuck, like he normally did. Handing him a thousand dollar's
  cash and telling him to have fun. He told me to do the same! Chuckling as he
  left, totally unconcerned for his wife.  
I waited until 7:00 to leave, having already packed my bags and calling a
  friend at the sheriff's department before I left. Arriving at Kelly's house
  at 7:20, I used the key that I had gotten copied from Ryan's one night when
  we'd been to out, and he was too drunk to notice. Entering the house, I found
  Kelly sleeping on the couch, still wearing the leotard and tights she had worn
  to the gym.  
Setting the bag at my side, I reached out and touched her face, knowing that
  I had less than thirty minutes before she regained consciousness. Quickly setting
  up the two tripods I placed the camcorders in place and pulled the hood over
  my head. I pressed record on each camera, making sure that they were focused
  on my victim. Next I pulled out a pair of surgical shears from my bag, and
  began to cut away her clothing. Moving up the left side of her body, I sliced
  through her clothes with ease. Then moving on to the right I sliced through
  just as quickly. Making sure I wasn't blocking the camera's view, I peeled
  her leotard off of her, removing her tights with it, leaving her front half
  exposed, but still lying on the back half of the outfit. I rolled her to one
  side and then pulled it out from under her. Next I reached into my bag, removed
  a syringe and a bottle of cleanser. Pulling some cotton balls from my bag I
  cleaned off an area on her arm, and then injected her with the syringe. Next
  I removed a leather hood from my bag and placed it over her head.  
Walking out of the kitchen and into the garage, I lifted the door and backed
  my van in. After opening the back doors to the van, I went back inside and
  packed things up and brought the bags out to the van. Going back in, I placed
  a matching pair of leotards and tights in the restroom hamper. Returning to
  Kelly's unconscious form, I lifted her up and carried her to the van, depositing
  her in the back. I closed the doors and drove the van out of the garage. I
  then lowered the garage doors, making sure that I didn't lock it.  
Back in the van I drove to her Church's building, only a few blocks away.
  Once there, I drove around back and pulled up next to a door located next to
  the dumpster. Climbing through the back of the van, I opened the rear doors
  jumped down and unlocked the door into the building. Concealed between the
  building and the dumpster, no one could have seen me carry her into the building.
  I carried her into the chapel area of the building. Of course it was empty
  this late in the evening. I laid her down on the table in the front of the
  room and returned to the van, grabbing two of the bags.  
Returning to Kelly, with the bags, I began to setup, I placed four Mini-DVD
  camcorders around her. Once the cameras were in place, I removed her hood and
  began to record from the cameras. In just a minute or two, she began to move
  slowly at first, but then more deliberately. Not fully conscious, even as she
  opened her eyes and began to moan, she began using her finger to rub her clit.  
I had chosen the drugs that I had used on her carefully, making sure that
  in addition to raising her sex drive through the roof, it would allow her to
  remember the events of the night, but not like a memory, rather more like a
  dream, leaving her unsure of what really happened, or if anything happened
  at all. The drug that I had given her was a powerful aphrodisiac, and coupled
  with the drug that I had given to Ryan, to put into her drink, had left her
  in a state of semi-consciousness. She was already on the brink of an orgasm,
  as the drug coursed throughout her body, but she needed something more to push
  her over the threshold.  
As she rubbed her clit with her fingers, she began to moan loudly. Her mind
  unaware of where she was, or of what was happening to her, but still registering
  the sights from inside of the church building, yet unable to put the pieces
  together. The drugs left her brain fried at the time, and very open to suggestion.  
I said to her? &quot;Kelly, you want to suck a cock, don't you?&quot;  
Although she had never done it before, not even to her husband, she said, &quot;Yeah,
  I want to suck cock.&quot;  
I told her to beg me to let her suck my cock, and she did. &quot;Come on
  please let me suck your cock.&quot; she pleaded.  
I slid my member free from my pants. It was already hard and I placed it
  to her lips. She just laid there stroking her cunt and moaning, unable to achieve
  her release. Seeing that she didn't know what to do, I simply pushed her cheeks
  together, causing her mouth to form a lovely 'O', then I shoved my cock into
  her mouth. Disappointed by the poor blow job that I was getting, I pulled my
  dick from her lips and asked her to beg me to fuck her.  
&quot;Please fuck me!&quot; she cooed loudly, as I stepped around to her
  pussy.  
I grabbed an ankle in each of my hands, and pushed her legs apart, as I slid
  her around on the table. Looking down at her eyes, now wide open, looking up
  at my hooded face, with a blank stare in them, as her drug crazed mind tried
  to make sense of what was happening to her. Looking down at the girl that I
  had wanted for more than ten years, I slowly slid into her womanhood.  
She closed her eyes and began to say, &quot;Yes! Yes! Do it!&quot; Needing
  to feel her release.  
Knowing that this was perfect for my needs, I continued to slowly thrust
  into my dream girl. This caused her lust filled mind to overload and she began
  to buck back at my dick, humping me. It felt great as she found her release
  on my member, while I slid in and out of her repeatedly, taking note as to
  how tight she was. I must admit I didn't last long that first night, but that
  was okay, as I was sure I would get a second chance.  
I returned her home after I had finished. I had chosen to shoot my load across
  her toned athletic belly, as I wanted to leave her guessing, wondering if anything
  really happened this evening or was it just a dream. Collecting my equipment
  I returned her to her home and after cleaning her up, I placed a night gown
  on her and put her in bed.  
She awoke the next morning from a surreal dream. Remembering having sex with
  a hooded stranger wearing black. As her mind said &quot;No&quot;, but her body
  screamed &quot;Yes&quot;, she was unable to take control of her thoughts. But
  as she looked around, she saw that she was in her own bed, alone, wearing her
  night gown just like normal. It was just after 9:30 am, as she finally got
  up and around. After showering and getting dressed, she noted that once again
  Ryan had not made it home last night. As she rushed off to the morning preschool
  where she worked, she gave little more thought to her dream.  
Once the children had left, she found herself drawn to the chapel. Inside
  she looked around, as she walked towards the table at the front. As she looked
  up at the ceiling, she had a strange feeling of remembering being here in her
  dream, with the masked stranger. A chill ran down her spine and she left to
  go home, being too scared to stay in the church building alone today.  
When she returned home she began to do her chores taking the laundry from
  the hamper she started the wash unaware that her clothes had been switched
  the night before. At about 1:30 the phone rang. It was Ryan, he had been picked
  up for DWI last night on his way to the casino. This had been his fourth time
  and, in addition, he had warrants out for his arrest about some bad checks,
  he had explained to her and then asked her to bail him out.  
Getting her keys, she grabbed her purse and started to leave. As she walked
  out to her car she found an envelope placed under one of the windshield wiper
  blades of her car. Inside it was a single photograph. A picture of her laying
  across the table in the front of the chapel at the church, her eyes wide open
  looking at the camera, as she laid nude with her fingers in her sex.  
Chapter 2  
Kelly drove to the jail to bail Ryan out, in complete shock, unsure of what
  he had really done, and why this was happening to them. As she arrived at the
  jail, she began to question in her mind, if Ryan had somehow had something
  to do with her being raped in the church, as well as the pictures that were
  taken of her rape. He had hounded her for the entire first year of their marriage
  to allow him to photograph her in the nude. She had always refused his requests,
  until finally he stopped asking her.  
As she was paying his bail, to get him out of jail, she asked the officer
  when he had been arrested. He told her that Ryan had been arrested at 7:18
  PM last night, as well as having given the location of the arrest. Hearing
  where he was stopped, she realized that it was over 25 minutes away from their
  house, and he had been arrested only ten minutes after she remembered last
  looking at the time. She therefore ruled Ryan out as a suspect, but she was
  now at a loss for whom to blame. She then felt sure that it must have been
  someone from the church, where the picture had been taken.  
After six hours, she finally got him out of jail. His court date was thirty
  days from now. I started to hang out more with Ryan and Chuck, Kelly's brother,
  getting as friendly with him as I could with him. I tried to stay away from
  seeing Kelly in person, and limited my contact with her, to that of online
  chating.  
I had watched her online chat log with her mother for that month leading
  up to Ryan's court date. Kelly was worried that he was going to be put in jail
  for at least six months, as he had been warned the last time, by the judge,
  what would happen if he was caught drinking and driving again.  
The judge though tempered and even, sentenced Ryan to a year in jail. He
  also ordered him into a rehab program, and suspended his driver's license for
  the next two years. Kelly said goodbye to him in the court room.  
I hid in the back of the court room and watched the entire situation unfold.
  Thank god the DWI dockets are so full, that neither Kelly nor Ryan even noticed
  me sitting in the back.  
She returned home that day, and immediately got on the computer to chat.
  I made sure that she thought that she was talking to her mother. We chatted
  for hours, she told me all of her concerns and worries. I just listened mostly,
  not giving her much advice.  
The chat began to draw to a close, between Kelly and I, with me playing the
  part of her mother. Then, using the name of &quot;urworstfears&quot;, I sent
  a message to her, under her chat name of &quot;kellryan&quot;, which I had
  set up for them.  
Urworstfears: I know your secret.  
Kelly didn't respond.  
Urworstfears: I know what you did that night that your husband was arrested.  
Still she refused to answer my chat.  
Urworstfears: I will show the whole world, starting with your church what
  you did. Is that what you want?  
Still she didn't reply. I was troubled that I wouldn't find the right thing
  to say, in order to get her to respond. Then a light bulb went off in my head,
  and I began to type again.  
Urworstfears: Maybe your mom, or especially your dad, would like to see a
  video of their little girl's performance that night. What the hell, how about
  your brothers too!  
Finally, I had found the right buttons to push and she replied.  
Kellryan: I don't know who you are, or what you're talking about.  
Urworstfears: I think that deep down you do. You remember how you defiled
  the lord's holy church that night.  
Kellryan: Who are you?  
Urworstfears: I'm your worst nightmare. I'm someone who knows you for the
  hot little slut that you really are.  
Kellryan: I am not a slut! Whatever happened that night was a mistake, and
  I honestly don't even remember what happened that night.  
Urworstfears: You showed me what a true slut you really are. You took me
  to your church, and climbed up on the table in the chapel and undressed. Then
  you masturbated yourself, until you were slick with your sex juices, and hornier
  than a hoot owl, and then finally, you begged me to let you suck my cock. Then
  to top that off, you begged me to fuck you too!  
Kellryan: I would never do any of that. You're lying. Goodbye  
Urworstfears: If you don't hear me out, the first ones who will see that
  I'm telling the truth will be your brothers, and then you folks. Is that what
  you want?  
Kellryan: No! Please don't do that! What do you want from me?  
Urworstfears: I want you.  
Kellryan: But I'm a married woman. You can't have me.  
Urworstfears: Oh, but your husband says that I can. He sold you to me.  
Kellryan: I don't know what you're talking about. Ryan would never do that.
  Who are you?  
Urworstfears: I am your new master.  
Kellryan: I don't believe you! I'll ask Ryan, as soon as I can about this.  
Urworstfears: Why bother, just go to www.kellytheslut.com, and you can see
  what he thinks right now. I'll wait.  
I waited the several minutes it took for her to get back to me. Knowing what
  she would see on her internet browser, when she typed the URL in, that I had
  directed her to. I had actually placed the web site right on her machine, so
  that the video would play without hesitation. When she first typed in the URL,
  she saw a scanned version of a contract, signed by her husband, and then, there
  was a link to the video of him discussing the deal with me.  
I had edited it, to allow her to only see Ryan telling someone, off camera,
  why he needed the money, and how much money he needed, along with what he would
  give the unknown person for the money. &quot;You can fuck the shit out of Kelly.&quot; I
  had taken a little artistic license in the editing process, but it served my
  purposes, which was to show Kelly, that her own husband had sold her out.  
Kellryan: Whatever arrangement you have with Ryan, is between you and Ryan.
  I won't have anything to do with it.  
Urworstfears: Fine! Then check out your church's Website.  
I waited, knowing that she would see the photos of herself masturbating in
  the church, along with the video of her begging to suck the masked man's cock,
  and to have him fuck her, while she laid right there on the table in the main
  chapel.  
Kellryan: What do you want to take those pictures off of the church's page?  
Urworstfears: I want you to walk to your backdoor and pick up the box sitting
  out there and bring it inside. I then want you to put on the clothes that are
  inside of it, no more, no less, and then go to the address that is written
  down on the paper inside of the box. You are not tell anyone else about this,
  especially where you are going, or else the rest of the world will see all
  of your photos and video's, just like Ryan wants.  
Kellryan: If I do that, then do I get the videos and photos back?  
Urworstfears: Yes.  
Kellryan: Who are you?  
Urworstfears: If I don't see you in the outfit, at that address in one hour.
  Everyone you know will see those videos and photos.  
Kellryan: Alright, I'll be there, have the videos and photos.  
I went to the house that I had purchased for this little endeavor, and began
  to prepare for her arrival. Kelly went to her back door, opened it, and took
  the box inside. As she went to open it, her hands were trembling, she didn't
  know what to expect. Inside of the box, on top, was a thin, clingy black skirt,
  and underneath it, an almost sheer white blouse, that buttoned down the front.
  Having removed those two garments from the box, she saw that there was a tiny
  pair of black panties, a white half cup bra, a pair of black silk stockings,
  and black, high heeled mules.  
She blushed, as she had never worn anything so wicked in her life. Even with
  a bra underneath, you could see right through the material of the blouse. The
  panties were so tiny, that she had to really look at them, to even realize
  that they were panties, g-string style. The stockings she guessed would hold
  themselves up by a built in garter, and being still in the package, she hadn't
  yet seen the design of a snake winding it's way around her legs and ending
  with the head high up on the insides of her thighs, with it's mouth open and
  it's tongue sticking out, as if ready to bite her pussy. The shoes had heels
  higher than she had ever worn, being four inches in height, and they were as
  thin as a pencil. The top of the shoe only had a tiny strap covering her arch,
  and were otherwise open, exposing her feet. But the most embarrassing thing
  was the bra, since the blouse was see-through. It was designed, she determined
  by looking it over carefully, to raise her breasts high onto her chest, and
  would leave everything exposed, from her areolas up.  
As she pulled these items out of the box, she found the note, containing
  both the address that she was to go to, as well as additional instructions.
  There was also a tube of lipstick and a matching jar of nail polish.  
The instructions read, &quot;Get out of your clothes, shower, and put only
  these clothes on. Also, paint both your toe nails and your finger nails with
  the nail polish enclosed, and also apply the lipstick enclosed heavily. I will
  also expect you to use your own eye liner and eye shadow, again heavily. Then
  come over to 123 Kentucky Street.  
Kelly looked at her watch, and in a panic, realized that ten minutes had
  already gone by. She quickly showered, then beginning with her toes, started
  to apply the nail polish, as it had to dry, before she could get dressed, at
  least her toe nails. After getting dressed, she felt more naked dressed as
  she was, than if she had been truly naked. The panties covered the front of
  her pussy slit, just barely, but then became a string as it bisected her pussy
  lips and ass cheeks, making it look, especially from behind, as if she wasn't
  wearing anything at all. The bra wasn't much better, it was a front catch style,
  and the shoulder straps weren't even adjustable. This caused her breasts to
  ride very high on her chest, which in turn made them stick out much further
  in front of her than her normal bras did, which made it look like she was even
  bigger chested than she was. In addition, her nipples were being obscenely
  displayed over the top of the half-cup brassiere.  
Her skirt was so short, that it barely covered the tops of her stockings
  and she was constantly tugging it down. As she looked in horror at her reflection
  in the mirror, her nipples were plainly visible, right through her blouse.
  She had blanched, as she finally had rolled the stockings all the way up her
  shapely legs, to see the image of the snake, it's mouth open and tongue sticking
  out, just below the hem of her short skirt. After applying a quick coat of
  nail polish to her fingers, she picked up her shoes, not wanting to put them
  on until she got to where she was going.  
But on the way out, she caught her reflection in the mirror, and decided
  that she just couldn't go out in public, dressed this way. She hurried back
  into the bathroom, whipped out her hair drier, to blow dry her wet nails, so
  that she could put a coat on over her &quot;outfit&quot;. Once her nails were
  dry, she quickly threw on a long jacket, grabbed her shoes and left.  
The hour had passed quickly, when I finally heard the door bell ring. I turned
  on the intercom, and using a recorded voice, I ordered her to come in. Watching
  from the upstairs bedroom, I saw her enter the house wearing a long jacket.
  I spoke into the intercom, ordering her to take off the jacket.  
&quot;Did I say that you could wear a jacket? Take it off!&quot; I commanded.  
As she removed the jacket, I could see that she had put on the outfit that
  I had sent her. She stood there wearing the thin black skirt, that clung tightly
  around her perfect hips. I could see clearly her breasts straining against
  the sheer blouse, and could easily see her nipples through it, and they were
  already hard, tenting her blouse.  
As she walked further into the house, unsteadily on her four inch mules,
  she looked around, unsure of where her mystery man was. I spoke into the intercom
  again, telling her to have a seat in the living room. She stopped, demanding
  that I show her the video and the photos. I informed her that the photos were
  in the living room, and told her that she would be given the video, when she
  had satisfied my requirements.  
Reluctantly, she entered the living room. She saw nothing out of the ordinary,
  and luckily, she still hadn't seen the cameras that I had mounted throughout
  the house. I spoke into the intercom again, asking her to pour herself a glass
  of wine. She tried to tell me that she didn't drink, but I told her that she
  did tonight, just one glass.  
Kelly picked up the bottle of wine, and after inspecting it, decided that
  it was okay. The plastic was still wrapped around the cork. You would have
  needed a magnifying glass, to see where I had pushed the needle through the
  cork, and shot the drugs into it. She popped the cork and poured the glass.
  As she sat waiting for my next directions, I hung up the phone, and started
  down the steps.  
As I walked into the living room, wearing my hood with the voice disguiser
  built into it, I said, &quot;Drink the wine my pet.&quot;  
Kelly, startled by my presence, turned to look at the masked stranger behind
  her, obviously trying to figure out who I was. I heard the tow truck pull up
  out front. I walked closer to her, wanting to make sure that she didn't hear
  the noise of the truck hooking up to her car and taking it away. I asked. &quot;Are
  you on birth control?&quot; She looked at me, startled by the bluntness of
  my question. &quot;Well my pet, do you take the pill or not?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, I take the pill, but I hope you don't think I'm...&quot;  
I cut her off saying &quot;Drink the wine, now.&quot;  
Hearing the tone in my voice, and knowing that it just might help her get
  through this evening, she began to sip the wine. I began to walk around the
  couch, looking her over and admiring her body. She had kept herself in great
  shape, but as I walked around her I made a mental note of the changes I would
  need to make.  
As she finished her glass of wine, I heard the tow truck pull away, no doubt
  carrying her car away. Once she had finished the glass, I asked her to follow
  me. I guided her into the next room. I had the room half darkened, so that
  I knew that she couldn't see what awaited her there.  
I instructed her to sit down in the arm chair, in the corner of the room.
  She somewhat tripped over it, as the drugs were beginning to cloud her mind.
  I went into the darkest corner of the room, and returned carrying a bag. I
  pulled a ball gag from the bag, and while holding her mouth open, I stuffed
  it into her mouth.  
She tried to stop me, but was too drained and light headed, to put up much
  of a fight. The last thing she managed to say, just before I had the gag in
  place, was &quot;What have you done to me?&quot;, as she realized that she
  had been drugged again.  
Now having her gagged, I reached under her short skirt, and ripped the tiny
  panties off of her. She tried to struggle, but I had chosen them in part, due
  to their flimsiness, and they easily came off of her. Once I had her panties
  off, I pulled her legs out to her sides, and threw them over the arms of the
  chair that she was sitting in. The action caused her to slide further down
  in the chair, pushing her skirt even further up her body, exposing her womanhood
  and the thin layer of hair covering it.  
I then took out the shaving cream and straight razor from the bag. Kelly
  began to struggle again, trying to free herself, as she knew what I was about
  to do to her. Her struggles irritated me, so I slapped her with the back of
  my hand, hard across her face. The shock caused her to stop her struggling.
  I applied the shaving cream to her pussy, and shaved away all of her crotch
  hair, even around her anus, leaving her twin fuck holes completely visible
  for all to see.  
After wiping the remaining shaving cream and loose hair from her body, I
  began to explore her sex with my tongue. She began to kick and buck, as I licked
  her pussy. I grabbed her breasts, and began to squeeze them, while pinching
  her pink erect nipples. I knew I had to have her now.  
I stood and walked over to the darker side of the room again, this time returning
  with one of my digital camcorders, and set it up on a tripod. Seeing the camera,
  she began to try to escape from the chair again, forcing me to slap her across
  the face once more. Again she was subdued by the slap, and relaxed back into
  the chair, as I dropped my pants in front of her.  
Although she had seen my cock before, she was so drugged out that time, that
  it really hadn't registered in her head, even after seeing pictures of herself
  sucking on it and having it pounded into her cunt. Now she was truly seeing
  it, up close and personal, for the first time, for all practical purposes.
  While I'm no stud, nor am I even close to being porn star material down there,
  I am somewhat longer, and quite a bit thicker than most men, certainly longer
  and thicker than Ryan.  
As I thrust my cock into her cunt, for the first time this evening, I looked
  over at the camera, making sure that it was recording her violation. I also
  made sure that she knew that the camera was recording her having sex with me,
  as her eyes followed mine, over to the camera. Holding her legs even further
  apart, I drove into my old crush, thrusting in and out of her her as mercilessly
  as I could. I used her, as I had wanted to all those many years ago.  
While I was fucking her, I finally freed her tits, from the sheer top that
  I had sent her to wear, opening the buttons and unclipping the hook between
  her boobs. I felt a power and control that I had never felt before, as I thrust
  into her, while kneading her naked tits in my hands. She struggled under me,
  but her struggles were weak, from the wine and the drugs, as I continued pounding
  my cock into her cunt, until she just lay there under me, accepting her fate.  
After twenty minutes of fucking her religiously, pun intended, I finally
  released my seed inside of her. I left my penis inside of her, until it finally
  began to soften and fell out. I then began to dress, as I was expecting company.
  She just sat there, lewdly displayed in the chair, looking up at me. I walked
  over to the camera and panned it up and down, over her body several times.
  She didn't move, as she was afraid of getting slapped again.  
I reached back into the bag and pulled out a hair net. I placed the hair
  net on her head, and began to stuff her hair into it. I then pulled out a blonde
  wig, and using bobby pins, I attached it to her. Not concerned about how it
  really looked, I merely pinned the wig to her own hair. I then pulled out a
  black leather hood. The hood had two eye openings, so that she would be able
  to see everything that was going on. Her gagged mouth was covered, and there
  was a hole in the back of the hood, for her hair to be pulled out of.  
As I laced the hood, I pulled some of the hair from the wig, out the back
  of the hood. Kelly didn't struggle or fight with me, even as I placed the small
  padlock in place, locking the hood onto her face.  
I heard the car pull up and looked over at Kelly. I could see that she hadn't
  heard the the car drive up. I got up and walked out of the room. I headed for
  the front door, leaving her laying sprawled open in the chair, her legs and
  pussy spread wide open, with my seed dripping down her thighs. I removed my
  hood, as I walked to the front door, and placed it, and the voice disguiser,
  in a drawer near the door.  
I opened the door just as Chuck and John walked up to it, and said hello
  to the guys. I told them how sorry I was to hear about Ryan's sentence, and
  how I had hired some entertainment for the night. As we walked back to the
  room, I told Kelly's brothers all about the prostitute that I had hired for
  the evening.  
I explained to them that she was young, and new to the business, and was
  too shy to say anything. I also told them how she liked it rough, and had agreed
  to let me tape it, for an extra $200.00, on the agreement that we didn't take
  her mask off. The twins were now chomping at the bit, to get to the little
  slut, and began joking about how they were going to use this &quot;bitch&quot;.  
I looked Kelly straight into her eyes, as I walked in with her two brothers,
  as she lay there gagged and half undressed in front of them. John made a comment
  about how he loved blondes, as he began to undress. Chuck walked over to the
  now crying girl, and began to pinch her tits roughly, telling her of his plans
  for her.  
I stood back, zooming the camera in, as her two brothers began to prepare
  to fuck their older sister, unknowingly. I looked deep into Kelly's eyes, as
  she sat there, half laying on her back, and crying, while trying to say something
  through her gag. Her deep and penetrating eyes pleaded with me to stop this,
  before it was too late. I looked over at my new pet and smiled broadly.  
Chapter 3  
As her younger brother began to rub her breasts, groping her, Kelly tried
  to protest, but her protests were muffled by her gag, as she tried to move
  away from him. Her struggles were further weakened by the drugs, and so it
  seemed to be her reaction to his groping.  
&quot;Look, the Bitch is getting turned on already!&quot; John said, mistaking
  her movements for those of true arousal.  
As the brothers, unknowingly, continued groping their own sister, I turned
  on the lights on the other side of the room. As I did, Kelly was able to see
  the large bed that I had for her. It had four large wooden posts on each of
  the four corners. Its headboard and footboard were made of solid wood as well.
  The bed was circled by cameras and lights, all hooked into a single controller.  
I told the brothers to help the hooker out of her clothes, and bring her
  over to the bed. As they did, she was barely able to keep her head up. Once
  there, Chuck began to rub his cock, it was already semi-erect, but as he looked
  down at her, he massaged it, preparing to mount her. She continued squawking
  under her gag, as the tears ran down her cheeks.  
I started the camera's recording, just a few moments before Chuck entered
  her gorgeous cunt. She closed her eyes and continued crying, as she was penetrated
  by her own brother, not wanting to believe that this was actually happening
  to her.  
Finding her still incredibly tight, Chuck said. &quot;Damn! This must be
  her first night on the job. I can't believe how tight she is!&quot;  
John then commented on her body, &quot;Well look at her. That's the tightest
  little body I've seen in my whole life. Look, she's even got a six pack.&quot; He
  said, pointing to her tight stomach. &quot;Do you work out a lot Honey?&quot; he
  asked her, leaning over her and running his hand over her tight toned legs
  and calves.  
Chuck continued to thrust into her. He leaned over her and took her nipple
  into his mouth, sucking on it, and giving it love bites. She lay under her
  younger brother, knowing that she could never face him again, knowing that
  he had screwed her, and enjoyed it so much. He said things to her that made
  her feel like a common street whore, as she lay twisting her head from side
  to side, hoping that this nightmare would end. She wished that she could wake
  up to find that this had all been a horrible dream.  
Chuck thrust into her roughly, wanting to use the whore to the fullest. He
  went on over and over, ramming his raging hard-on into her with all the force
  that he could muster. He would give her a fucking that she would never forget.
  While his twin brother was humping the whore, John went over and fixed himself
  a drink at the mini-bar, on the other side of the room. As he sipped his drink,
  he cheered his brother on, as he ravaged the hooker on the bed.  
After having Chuck fucking her for more than fifteen minutes, he finally
  injected his seed into her. As her brother came inside of her, she remembered
  that she had forgotten to take her birth control pill this morning. Remembering
  the question that I had asked her earlier, she realized why I wanted to know,
  her brother was fucking her bareback, not wearing a condom.  
&quot;Holy shit John, this bitch is incredible! You're going to go crazy.
  Her cunt, it just sucks the cum right out of you, I swear. Give her a try Johnny
  boy.&quot;  
John just laughed and said, &quot;I believe you brother, but I think I'll
  let our host go next. I'm having a ball just watching.&quot;  
I looked down at Kelly, her eyes now open and looking at me pleadingly again. &quot;Nah,
  you go ahead John, I've already used her once tonight, so I can wait. Besides,
  I talked it over with her and I'll be a regular customer. Your brother's right,
  she is an incredible fuck. I have never felt anything so tight.&quot; I told
  him.  
&quot;Fine, but don't say that I didn't warn you. She won't be tight when
  I get done with her.&quot; he boasted, as he approached her.  
&quot;Yeah, whatever stud. She told me she could handle anything three men
  could give her.&quot; I challenged him.  
&quot;We'll see.&quot; He replied.  
John took off his clothes, as he approached her. Chuck stood next to her
  still rubbing her breasts and stomach.  
As John grabbed her firm muscular calf, he said &quot;She sure is an athletic
  gal, all muscle, not an ounce of fat on her.&quot; He grabbed her other calf,
  and began to raise her legs up, as he brought his now fully erect cock to the
  entrance of her womanhood.  
&quot;Damn honey, with a body like this, your in the wrong business, you
  should be like a swimsuit model or something.&quot; John said, as he too plunged
  into his sister's cunt.  
&quot;No way bro, she's tone enough, but her tits aren't nearly big enough.&quot; Chuck
  observed.  
&quot;What the hell, anything more than a handful's a waste anyway Chuck.&quot; he
  shot back.  
John pounded into Kelly with vigor, he was relentless.  
&quot;I'm going to rip you a new hole honey!&quot; he said, as he rammed
  into her viscously. Kelly lay under her toher brother now, her head turning
  from side to side, as tears streamed down both of her cheeks.  
&quot;Look baby, if you can't enjoy it, you shouldn't be in the business.
  If you want me to stop, just tell me to stop.&quot; He told her.  
Kelly, hearing his offer, tried to say stop, but under her gag it sounded
  more like a moan, or a grunt of enjoyment.  
&quot;That's more like it! Come on, get into it with me honey.&quot; John
  told her.  
John lasted for about twenty minutes or so. I took the next crack at her,
  so her two brothers could have more to drink. Even after having three cocks
  inside of her cunt, plus the cum from each left inside of her, Kelly was still
  surprisingly tight. I had expected her to be a sloppy fuck, but her cunt still
  offered a lot of resistance, as I pressed my prick into her. I sawed into her
  for several minutes, before I withdrew form her pussy, flipped her over the
  edge of the bed, kicked her feet apart and grabbed her ass cheeks, pulling
  them apart. I then pressed my raging hard-on, now covered in cum and her juices,
  against the entrance of her sphincter.  
I had wanted to be the one to deflower this beauty from the moment that I
  had laid eyes upon her, all those many years ago. I hadn't been the first to
  fuck her in the pussy, but I would take her anal virginity. As I continued
  to apply pressure against her nether hole, I felt my dick begin to make progress
  into her tightly puckered prize. As the head of my dick inched in, past her
  ass's ring, her head shot up, as the pain cursed through her lower body and
  I was shocked to have her begin to buck under me as she did. I knew the pain
  had to be intense, to cause this kind of reaction from her. I was sure that
  the drugs, that I had put into her wine, should have left her almost paralyzed,
  but here she was, fighting my anal assault.  
&quot;Damn! That got her attention!&quot; Chucked said.  
&quot;Good! She was kind of docile before.&quot; John replied.  
Once I was inside of her ass, I released one of her ass cheeks, and grabbed
  the back of her neck, pushing her into the bed. Now with Kelly more restrained,
  I was able to work my dick further into her anal passage. Once I had inched
  about half of my cock into her, I pulled almost completely out, and then I
  rammed it all of the way back into her. Her ass was painfully tight on my dick,
  the cum did not provide enough lubrication to comfort my prick, as it sawed
  into her virgin ass. But the pain that I felt, would not prevent me from claiming
  my prize.  
I continued ramming in and out of her ass, the pain was almost as unbearable
  to me, as it must have been for her. It felt like the skin was being pulled
  off of my dick, but nevertheless, I still rammed it in and out of her butt.
  Kelly's ass was so tight that I couldn't last long, and within ten minutes
  I had shot my seed into her bowels. Not wanting to be finished so quickly,
  I continued to saw into her ass. I found her anal passage a lot more accommodating
  now, and almost comforting on my nearly raw dick. My sperm providing the much
  need lubrication to continue, and now enjoy my fucking her in the ass.  
I moved in and out of her for another twenty-five minutes, before I let loose
  another stream of my love juices into her now stretched out butt. She had stopped
  fighting with me about fifteen minutes before I finally finished. I was not
  even sure that she was still conscious. As I pulled out of her ass, l looked
  down to see my juice now seeping from her well abused ass hole, which still
  gaped open remarkably large.  
Chuck stepped up and said, &quot;Now that looked like fun!&quot; as he rammed
  his now hard cock into her ass. She began to move a little again under the
  new invasion, but her struggles were now only a fraction of what they were,
  her strength now almost completely drained. Chuck grabbed her wrists and pulled
  them to him, as he stoked his dick into her ass. Now the two of them were standing
  almost together, as he fucked her in the ass. I took in the sight, brother
  and sister standing while he rammed his cock into her ass. She would be mine
  forever I thought, checking the camera to make sure I was getting it all on
  film.  
Chuck took his time, as he enjoyed ass fucking the whore. John took his turn,
  having already drunk too much by this point. He was slurring his words, as
  he talked dirty to her. Chuck tried to prepare himself a drink, when he noticed
  that there was only one beer left in the fridge. He then picked up the empty
  bottle of Jack Daniels and said, &quot;Shit John did you have to drink everything.&quot; As
  soon as John finished, I suggested that they go and get some food and more
  beer out of the kitchen. Then pretending to just remember, I told the brothers
  of the case of beer in the fridge out in the garage.  
As the two brothers left the room, I asked them to bring back some food for
  me and the slut. Knowing that the two of them would be gone for sometime, I
  turned on a monitor, and watched as they walked into the kitchen. Once I saw
  them in there, I took the key to the padlock, and unlocked it from Kelly's
  hood. Next, I removed her hood, as I explained to her that she was going to
  give us all blow jobs.  
I explained to her that her brothers had already fucked her, and if she didn't
  want them to know that it was her, that she better keep her mouth shut, and
  give us the best blow jobs that we had ever had. As I took the gag out, all
  she could manage to say was &quot;Why? Why? Why are you doing this to me?&quot;  
&quot;This is what you are Kelly. If you don't want everyone to know, then
  I suggest that you keep quiet, when your brothers get back.&quot;  
I quickly pulled a new hood over her face, and pulled her blond wig out through
  the back of it, just like before. As I locked the padlock into place once again,
  I admired her, as I looked at her new hood. This hood had her mouth and chin
  cut out, and available for our use. As she lay sobbing, she continued to ask, &quot;Why?&quot; over
  and over again. Looking on the monitor, I saw that her brothers, loaded with
  food and beer, were heading back towards us.  
I leaned over her, and applied a thick, heavy layer of bright red lipstick
  to her lips. I told her what I expected of her. She was to be a happy, energetic,
  and enthused little cock sucker, when her brothers got back. She was not to
  say a word or else, and she had better stop her god damn crying.  
She sat there listening to me, still crying. I heard her brothers walking
  down the hall, and told her to stop her crying or else. She tried to stop,
  just as they entered the room.  
&quot;Good news gentlemen, our little whore would like to give us all blow
  jobs.&quot; I told the brothers.  
&quot;Excellent&quot; they both replied in tandem.  
&quot;I go first.&quot; I told them.  
&quot;Alright, but I can't just sit here doing nothing.&quot; John said,
  as he walked over to the bed, still nursing his beer.  
I pulled Kelly to the edge of the bed, and dropped her head over the side.
  John, grabbed a leg from the other side, began to mount her. As he sunk his
  dick into her cunt again, she started to say, &quot;No Plea...&quot; before
  I could shove my dick into her mouth, shutting her up.  
Neither brother even looked up, obviously not recognizing her voice. I slapped
  her on her breast hard, looking down at her and letting her know that I was
  quite displeased. She looked back up at me, and I could see in her eyes that
  she understood.  
The blow job started off pretty lousy, but with the three of us giving her
  instructions, she started to get a little better, before I finally shot my
  load down her throat. John had already finished pumping another load into her,
  and had started eating and drinking again, but once I pulled out, he approached
  her and told her to clean him up. She turned her head to the side refusing
  to take it into her mouth. I slapped her hard against her breast again, causing
  her to cry out.  
&quot;Remember John she likes it rough.&quot; I said.  
Hearing my instructions, he began to slap her breasts. Not wanting to be
  hurt anymore, she reluctantly opened her mouth, and allowed him to shove his
  cock in. It took the better part of an hour for John to cum in her throat.
  Chuck had fucked her again in the ass during that time, and drank heavily the
  rest. Chuck handed John another beer, before he forced his cock into her mouth.
  John collapsed on the bed next to his sister, laying there and playing with
  her breasts and running his hands over her body until he passed out drunk as
  a skunk. I had given Chuck another two beers during the time it took her to
  get him off. I had checked the cameras many times, making sure that I was getting
  good shots of Kelly, with our cum flowing from her ass and cunt, the sticky
  liquid stuck to her chin and lips.  
Chuck laid down on Kelly's other side, and passed out moments later. I talked
  and clapped my hands, but neither brother moved an inch. Confident that they
  would be out for some time. I removed Kelly's hood, she too had passed out,
  but in her case, it was from exhaustion. I got my best digital camera and began
  taking pictures of the poor girl laying on the bed naked, her equally naked
  brothers' arms draped over her body. I made sure to get pictures of her cunt
  and ass, still drooling our cum out of both holes, her cum pasted face, and
  her brothers' spent cocks, as they all lay there altogether. What a family
  photo this would make. I began to tickle Kelly's feet as she lay there. Finally
  her eyes opened, disturbed by my teasings. I stood there holding the hood in
  one hand, and the camera in the other. She looked from one side to the other.
  Seeing her brothers laying there, she burst out crying, knowing that I had
  taken pictures of them, with all three of their faces fully visibile, while
  they were naked, and looked like they had just had an orgy.  
I helped her up from the bed, her two brothers barely moved when she left.
  I almost had to carry her out to the garage, and into the back of my van. We
  had to go back to my place, we had some things to talk about.  
Chapter 4  
I took her to my real house, dropped her off, now completely passed out,
  and left her in the special basement room that I had set up for her. I started
  the video, turned up the volume and left.  
I returned to my play house, as I call it, and waited for her bothers to
  wake. While I waited, I went upstairs, and began editing the remaining tapes.
  Chuck awoke first. At about 4:30 A.M he woke his brother, and then came to
  find me. I had seen them get up, and made sure that they saw nothing that I
  didn't want them to see. I gathered up the tapes and put them in my bag. I
  told Chuck and John that I would drive them home. I had placed a small tape
  recorder in the bag, and placed it in the back of the van.  
As I drove the brothers home, we discussed the events of the evening. They
  went on and on about how great it was to screw that whore tonight, she was
  such a good fuck. The asked me at least a dozen times for her phone number,
  telling me that they were definitely going to call her again. I told them she
  was moving, and that I'd get them the number when she got settled in. Our discussion
  was crude and rude, and they had many wonderful comments to say about Kelly's
  body.  
I dropped them off and returned home. Once there, I checked on my guest.
  She was still asleep. I placed the part of the edited video that I had made,
  up to this point, into the machine and hit the auto-repeat button, before I
  went upstairs and fell asleep myself, exhausted.  
Kelly awoke about 8:30 AM and took note of her surroundings. She was locked
  inside a small concrete room, two walls were mirrors and the other two painted
  black. On one of the black walls had a large metal door in it, with a slit
  cut in the middle, just large enough to pass a tray through. It was a jail
  door. On the other wall was a small shower stall, made of clean clear Plexiglas,
  and a cot with a velvet covered air mattress. In the wall with the door was
  a large piece of glass and behind the glass was a large television set. The
  speakers for the television were mounted under tiles in the twelve foot ceiling.  
The picture on the screen made Kelly want to vomit, and she leaned over the
  metal toilet in the corner next to the shower stall and did exactly that. As
  she pulled her head up from the toilet, she saw the sink built into the top
  of it. As she drank from the sink, she realized that she was in a jail cell.
  Well, it was a jail cell with a few little modifications.  
Kelly screamed for over two hours, but no one replied. Finally she gave up,
  and started the shower. She showered for over an hour, until she finally felt
  clean, having used the entire bottle of shampoo, and rubbing the bar of soap
  down to the size of a small pebble. As she got out of the shower, she realized
  that there were no towels, or anything else for that matter, that she could
  dry herself off with. She rang her hair out, the best that she could. She rubbed
  the water she could off of her nude body, before exiting the shower.  
She sat there for the next three hours on the cot, yelling for help every
  now and then. She tried to find someway to shut the TV off, but it just kept
  playing back what had happened to her last night, over and over again. She
  tried to sleep, but couldn't, scared as she was. She turned her head, trying
  to avoid seeing her images on the screen. She felt as if she was in hell.  
I woke up sometime after one o'clock that day, and made us some breakfast.
  I went down stairs and let her out, and she almost attacked me, but thought
  better of it. She immediately started asking questions, which turned into accusatory
  statements and then into threats. She would have me arrested, I had kidnaped
  her, drugged her and raped her. I would go to jail for the rest of my life.
  I would never get away with this. I sat in the locked room with her as she
  continued her threats. She demanded her clothes back, and that I let her go
  immediately.  
I waited for twenty minutes, before I finally responded to her. I had just
  sat there, listening to her and letting her vent. When she finally finished,
  I began.  
&quot;I own your home, your car, your furniture and you.&quot; I said.  
She started to protest, &quot;You don't own me. Nobody...&quot;  
&quot;SHUT UP!&quot; I shouted at her, cutting her off. Not knowing what
  to say, as I had never spoken to her like that before, she just stood there
  quietly, unsure what to do &quot;I own you, unless you want the tapes of you
  at the church to be the new feature on the website, and unless you want everyone
  to see you performing with your brothers. I'll mail tapes of you to everyone
  you've ever known. Your mother, father, grandparents, aunts, uncles, friends,
  enemies, people from your church. You can go and tell anyone you want, but
  there is nothing you can do to stop those tapes of you from getting out. So
  you decide. You do what I say, when I say, how I say and with whom I say, for
  the next 90 days, or else. That's the deal, you do what I want for the next
  three months or else everyone sees you as the little slut you are. What do
  you have to say now?&quot;  
She immediately asked &quot;How can I be sure that you'll let me go free
  in three months? How can I ever trust you again, after all you've put me through?
  Will I get all of the pictures and tapes back?&quot;  
I smiled and told her &quot;You can't trust me. But I don't see how you have
  any choice in the matter either. Do what I ask, or I'll destroy you. Just think
  about the trial, if you try to press charges. The jury will have to watch that
  action up on the screen. There'll be press, national coverage too I'd bet.
  I could hire Johnny Cochran. Can you imagine your brothers up there, testifying
  about how they used you, and then you'd have to take the stand.&quot;  
&quot;Fine, but there has to be some ground rules. One, I won't...&quot; she
  started to say.  
I just laughed at her, as I cut her off again. &quot;You're right, there
  does have to be some rules, only you don't get to make any of them. Rule number
  one is I make all the rules. Rule two is, that you'll do anything I tell you
  to do, or else. Now do you accept my proposal or not.&quot;  
There was a long moment of silence, before I finally said, &quot;I need your
  answer now or else I'll leave and go mail the tapes.&quot;  
She just stood there crying, unable to answer me.  
&quot;NOW!&quot; I shouted at her.  
&quot;Okay, okay! I'll do it, but you can't mail those tapes, no one can
  see me like that.&quot; she cried.  
&quot;NO, you still don't get it, you do everything I say, you'll be my slave,
  my little sex slave slut. Do you understand?&quot; I asked her again.  
&quot;Yes.&quot; She said, dropping to her knees crying.  
&quot;Stand up and follow me slave.&quot; I ordered, leading her into the
  third of the five rooms in the basement.  
I just smiled at myself, knowing that she would be mine for as long as I
  desired it. Although she followed me, she was still bawling. I couldn't stand
  it anymore and said, &quot;Stop your god damn crying! I've heard all of that,
  that I care to.&quot; I turned towards her, looking angry, and ready to strike.  
&quot;Okay! I'll try.&quot; She pleaded, afraid that she would be slapped
  like last night.  
&quot;No. You'll do it. NOW.&quot; I informed her.  
As she stood there, and you could see her trying to calm herself, pulling
  her frayed nerves together. She knew that the worst of it was over, it had
  to be. She thought that she would find an opening in my armor somewhere, and
  then she'd make me pay. I watched her closely, as she tried to calm herself
  down, knowing what she must be thinking. No, there would be no release, her
  feelings of hope would soon be crushed.  
I went to the wall and flipped on the light, the room lit up, showing her
  the many devices that she would soon become familiar with. I watched her eyes,
  as they darted from one item to the next. She stared at the stockade in the
  corner for a long moment, before moving on. She looked around, seeing the hoods,
  masks, whips, crops, and other S&amp;M toys lining one wall. The collection
  of cuffs, chains, ropes, and other bondage paraphernalia, seemed to cause her
  some discern as well. She looked over to the other wall, and I could see her
  almost lose her composure again. She saw the table with the levers and pulleys
  underneath it, not sure what the menacing device was capable of, but sure that
  she would be forced to find out. The saw horses were sitting next to it. She
  took a deep gulp, when she saw the chair, thinking for sure that it was an
  electric chair.  
The one item that barely caught her attention, and didn't even get a second
  look, was the large Craftsmen tool chest. It was soon to be an important part
  of her life. I led her to the center of the room, to the large padded mattress
  that was just below waist high. I had positioned the mattress so that all of
  the hidden cameras in the room would be focused on it. I had placed the cameras
  in such a way as to insure getting a good shot from any angle, and had flipped
  the switch to activate them, when I had turned on the lights.  
&quot;It's a shame you didn't eat the food that I had fixed for you, now
  you'll just have to eat my cock instead.&quot; I told her sternly.  
Seeing no other choice, she moved closer to me.  
&quot;Remember slave, I want you to be happy, energetic, and enthusiastic.
  You'll have to beg me to allow you to suck my cock, and then you better make
  me believe that you're enjoying it, or else.&quot; I said with a satisfying
  smile on my face.  
She took a deep breath, as she took a step closer to me and said quietly, &quot;May
  I please suck your thing?&quot;  
&quot;No.&quot; I told her.  
&quot;What? But you told me to ask you.&quot; she exclaimed.  
&quot;No. I told you to beg me for it, and make me believe it slave.&quot; I
  spat out hatefully at her.  
&quot;Oh pleaseee let me suck your thing.&quot; She said hoping to when my
  approval.  
I just stood there, still not satisfied with her begging.  
&quot;I want to suck your thing. I'm begging you to let me do it, please.&quot; she
  paused. Then thinking for a moment, she began again, &quot;I want that big
  dick of your's down my, um, my throat. Please put it down my throat.&quot; She
  said hesitantly.  
Well this is more like it, I thought, as I allowed her to continue for another
  five minutes. After making her beg me for that long, she really sounded like
  she wanted to suck my cock, if for no other reason than to be allowed to stop
  her begging. That would work great for my purposes, so I finally gave her permission
  to &quot;blow me&quot;.  
After being told that she could continue, she just stood there, apparently
  waiting for me to take off my pants. &quot;Well what are you waiting for?&quot; I
  asked her, gesturing at my crotch.  
Knowing that she would have to take my pants off, she timidly reached for
  the button. I leaned over and whispered in her ear. &quot;Make me believe that
  this is what you want bitch.&quot; My hurtful name, bringing a tear to her
  eye, but she didn't make a sound.  
She now dropped my pants, as I stepped out of them and she slid my boxers
  down my legs. Once again, I stepped out of them. She reached out and started
  to jerk my semi-erect dick.  
&quot;What the fuck are you doing?&quot; I asked her, now angry with her.  
&quot;I was giving you a blow job Sir.&quot; she said.  
&quot;You call me Master. Is that understood Slave?&quot; I explained to
  her.  
&quot;Yes, Master.&quot; She said.  
&quot;Well good!&quot; I thought, &quot;At least she's a quick learner.&quot;  
Kelly slowly brought her lips to my cock. As she took it into her inviting
  mouth, I was in sheer heaven. The girl of my dreams at my mercy, and giving
  me a blow job. The mere thought of it was enough to make the first several
  minutes enjoyable, but the thrill quickly wore off, with her lackluster performance.  
I leaned over closer to her ear and said, &quot;Don't you remember anything
  your brother's and I taught you last night slave? You better start doing it
  better.&quot;  
Kelly began to redouble her efforts, hoping desperately to please me. Finally,
  after some time, I felt the beginning of excitement in my dick, and I knew
  that I would cum shortly. She sensed the twitching of my prick and figured
  out that it was coming as well. She began to slide back off my cock, hoping
  to pull her mouth away, before I could shoot my load down her throat. Sensing
  her reluctance, I grabbed a handful of her hair, and pulled her head back down,
  her nose now touching my crotch hair. As she struggled to pull away, I leaned
  over once again and told her, &quot;Stop it! You will swallow it all!&quot;  
As I looked down into her eyes, she calmed herself, just before I let loose,
  shooting load after load of my hot seed down her throat again. She tried to
  swallow, as best she could, but some had slipped out of her lips, so much the
  better. I released her hair, and she pulled away, trying to catch her breath.  
&quot;I didn't say to stop.&quot; I spoke softly to her.  
&quot;But you already made me swallow your...&quot; she began.  
I just looked down at her and frowned, disappointed in her yet again. Seeing
  my reaction to her pleading, she took my now softening cock back into her mouth
  and worked her best to get it hard again. It took her a long time to bring
  back my erection, but finally I began to stiffen. Feeling my arousal returning
  to me, I leaned over again and told her to, &quot;Beg me to let you fuck me
  slave. Remember I want you to beg me for it.&quot;  
Kelly stood up, and began her pleadings, it took only three to four minutes
  this time, before I was satisfied with her efforts. Happy with her begging,
  I jumped up onto the mattress, and positioned myself in the middle. Just laying
  there, looking at her. I saw when she finally registered what she would have
  to do. As she slowly climbed up on the mattress with me I saw the worried look
  on her face.  
&quot;Remember, you are to be happy and energetic about this, or else.&quot; I
  almost whispered to her.  
She tried to smile, as she mounted my body, spreading her legs to either
  side of my body. She then slowly slid herself down onto my cock. I just lay
  there, making no effort to move back into her. She sat on my prick for a long
  time before she finally began to move herself up and down on my cock, seeing
  that I had made no effort to do so myself. As she sat on top of me, moving
  her well muscled legs up and down, as she pumped herself on my tool, I took
  in the view. She was still so beautiful. Her face was angelic, although her
  hair now looked a little matted, and she had the dark rings under her eyes,
  from the hours of crying, but she was still gorgeous. As she rode up and down
  on me, I was drawn to her breasts. They looked wonderful, I would have guessed
  a 34C, although I knew that she bought herself 34B bras. I kneaded her small,
  but ample breasts, causing her to moan, as I groped her already tender melons.  
Feeling me cuming inside of her, she was caught up in the moment, and suddenly
  came too. As she milked the last of my seed out of my dick, and into her womb,
  I took a deep sigh. 'God that felt good.' Sensing that I was done, she started
  to shift her weight. Knowing that she planned to dismount me, I only looked
  at her and cocked my head to the side, showing her my displeasure. Seeing that
  I didn't want her to leave just yet, she continued riding up and down on my
  still semi-erect cock. As she rode me, for what seemed like an hour, I wondered
  if she really had drained me in the last 24 hours.  
At some point in her humping of me, she had thrown her arms back, and used
  them to help lift herself up off of my cock. At first I mistook this action
  as being one of exhaustion, then hearing the low moans escaping from her mouth,
  and felling the warmth on my dick, I knew that she was having an orgasm. The
  knowledge of her arousal was just what I needed, and I felt the life coming
  back to my own organ.  
I pulled Kelly down onto my chest. As we lay chest to chest, I whispered
  in her ear &quot;Beg me to fuck you in the ass, Slave.&quot;  
She looked down at me horrified &quot;Oh please don't make me do that! I'm
  so sore that I was bleeding when I...&quot; she trailed off, seeing the fire
  in my eyes, and sensing my anger with her building.  
Kelly laid on top of me for a few seconds and then began again. &quot;Can't
  I just suck on your dick some more? Please! It will be the best ever, I promise.&quot; she
  pleaded with me.  
I just laid there closing my eyes. Obviously my slave wasn't as fast a learner
  as I had thought.  
&quot;I'm sorry, but I can't. I just can't do that again. It will kill me!&quot; she
  said.  
Angered by her refusal to obey I pushed her off of me suddenly, causing her
  to fall to the floor. When she hit the floor she burst out crying &quot;Why?
  Why? WHY?&quot;  
Now pissed, I spoke, &quot;No problem, then I guess I'll just be mailing
  those tapes. I'm sure all your friends and family will love them. I do think
  you'll have a little explaining to do to your mother though. Oh, by the way,
  your brothers wanted your number this morning. They said they had to have you
  again. I guess I can tell them that they already know it now.&quot;  
She still just lay there crying. Damn I guess I didn't have enough on her
  yet. Well that's okay I could always get more.  
&quot;Fine, then I guess I'll go up and update the web page.&quot; I said,
  as I walked over to the door and began to leave.  
&quot;No. No. Alright, alright, go ahead and do it. Do me in my butt.&quot; she
  finally said.  
&quot;What?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;Do it. Do me in the butt, okay. If that's what you want, then just
  do it.&quot; she answered.  
Cocking my head to the side I frowned at her.  
&quot;Please do me in the butt. Please.&quot; She started off, as she rubbed
  the tears from her eyes, and tried to force a smile onto her face. &quot;Please
  just do it master.&quot; she tried some more. &quot;Please put your dick in
  my butt.&quot; she said.  
I just looked at her, and raised my eyebrows. She was going to have work
  harder at it than that.  
&quot;Please Master, fuck me in the butt.&quot; she smiled, and continued, &quot;Please
  stick your thing in my butt.&quot; she said, obviously frustrated by being
  forced into this &quot;Come on, please stick your DICK in my ASS, MASTER.&quot; she
  said, now trying to sound as sexy, and as sincere as she could.  
I could see right through it, knowing that she hated saying those filthy
  words. I grabbed her by her hair, and pushed her face first into the mattress.  
&quot;Well, help me guide my cock into your ass slave!&quot; I ordered.  
Kelly reached back blindly, trying to find my now hard cock. Not wanting
  to wait, I took her hand, and guided it to my prick. Wrapping her hand around
  the still slimy rod, she guided it up to her tender, abused ass hole. The moment
  that I felt her bring me up to the now stretched hole of her anus, I rammed
  my cum covered cock into her. She was still far too tight in that area, but
  now angry with her, for her arguing with me, I sawed into her, seeing the blood
  on my prick as I pulled it almost all the way out. Sensing her pain I shot
  yet another load into her ass, after the first or second blast was shot into
  her, I pulled out, and pushed her to the floor. I shot the remainder of my
  thick fluid onto her face, covering her with the stuff and then ordered her
  to &quot;Clean me up.&quot;  
Kelly, slowly but without an argument, took my cum, blood, and shit covered
  cock into her mouth, licking everything off of me. I then ordered her to lay
  on the mattress.  
Without saying a word she climbed up and lay with her back down on the mattress.
  I walked over to the tool chest, and opened one of the drawers, gathering my
  equipment. In the small upper drawers, I had needles, syringes, clamps, tweezers,
  razors and jewelry. In the larger middle drawers, I kept a large collection
  of dildo's, vibrators, and butt plugs, for my slaves. Well, actually Kelly
  was my first and since I had no others, yet, I had set all of this up for her.
  In the larger bottom compartments of the tool chest, I kept all of the drugs
  that I would need for my pet.  
&quot;Kelly, you still haven't seemed to accept the fact that I now own you.
  So I thought that maybe we should pierce that navel, in your athletic little
  belly, to remind you who's property you are.&quot; I said, as I started to
  wheel my now fully stocked cart over to her.  
&quot;No! Please! I did what you wanted. Why won't you leave me alone?&quot; she
  pleaded, and started to get up.  
&quot;Stop! Don't you dare get up slave! I told you to lay down, and you'd
  better do so, if you know what's good for you.&quot; I hollered at her.  
She glanced down at the tray, and seeing the needles, she jumped down from
  the mattress.  
&quot;No! I didn't agree to this. You didn't say anything about doing this
  to me.&quot; she cried.  
&quot;Wrong! Slave I told you, you had to do anything and with anyone that
  I wanted you to do. Now get back up on the mattress and lay down. If you hadn't
  argued with me, then I wouldn't be doing this now. So just get up there and
  take your punishment or else.&quot; I replied.  
&quot;Please, I didn't mean to argue with you, I just...&quot; she started
  with me again.  
&quot;Fine now I am going to pierce your tongue too. You want to really piss
  me off and I'll do your tits and pussy too.&quot; I warned her.  
She dropped her head, and climbed back onto the mattress, when she laid down
  I began. I rubbed the alcohol swab over her belly button, and then grabbed
  my sterilized hollow needle. I was by no means a pro, but I had down some computer
  work for a local parlor, and the owner had been kind enough to show me how
  to pierce a woman. Although I had no piercings of my own, and didn't necessarily
  think that they were all that attractive, but I knew what affect that it would
  have on my slave. Having been allowed to do this to several of his customers,
  I felt comfortable trying it on my own for the first time.  
I had pierced her navel, and inserted the ring, in no time at all and she
  hardly winced. I then ordered her to go sit in the chair. Once she sat down,
  I began tying her to it, wanting to make sure that she didn't try to escape
  me again. Once she was secured, I told her to open her mouth. She refused,
  keeping her mouth tightly closed, and not saying a word. I simply said &quot;Fine.&quot; and
  picked up my body marker. Stepping back I looked at both of her breasts, judging
  them, and then making a mark on one. I stepped back looked at the other one,
  and then marked it as well.  
As I picked up the large needle from the table, she finally opened up her
  mouth saying. &quot;Okay! Just be careful.&quot; Sticking her tongue out.  
I looked at her and said &quot;Good, I see you have finally come to your
  senses. I've never pierced anyone's brow before, and I thought you might be
  my first.&quot;  
I then put down the larger needle and turned my attentions to her tongue.
  To say that she didn't feel anything would have been a lie, but hey, it was
  done. With a loop ring in her navel, and a stud going through her tongue, she
  had hoped that it was over. But I immediately picked up the needle that I was
  going to use on her nipples again and she started to protest again.  
&quot;Nooo! peease! Iiill oo anythung else yoou wan me ooo oo.&quot; She
  was having trouble talking with her newly pierced tongue.  
&quot;I'll tell you what, you SHUT THE FUCK UP RIGHT NOW! Or I'll pierce
  you pussy, nose and both of your fucking eye brows.&quot; I told her, now fuming
  with her continued resistance. &quot;Okay, you just sit here like a good little
  slut slave, and let me do your tits, and this will be it. If you don't...&quot; I
  trailed off, leaving the rest of it up to her imagination. I already had other
  plans for her pussy but that could wait for now.  
The guy who taught me how to do this would never have done four piercing
  like this in one sitting, but she had really made me angry. I pierced her nipple,
  and inserted metal tubes, before putting the rings through them. She jerked
  and cried, but never said a word. I decided to let her have a break, so I walked
  upstairs and showered, turning on the audio tape of my conversion with her
  brothers from last night, letting her hear us talk about her. Letting her brothers
  talk about fucking her, their sister, even though they didn't know that when
  they fucked her, or even now for that matter.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Not My Story


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





