BDSM Library - Lindy's Tale




Lindy's Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman who becomes the slave of a loving master who later dies and passes her to his brother who has more deviant tastes.Lindy' Tale  
After several years of being Milo's friend Lindy had grown quite frustrated
  with him. She had thrown out signals and made overt comments to him every opportunity
  that she had. Much to her chagrin, he had never once made a move on her despite
  her encouragements.  
Tonight would be different. She knew that he was attracted to her and that
  had it not been for their disparity in their ages that he would have made advances.
  She respected the fact that at forty-0ne years of age he did not want to take
  advantage of an inexperienced twenty-four year old woman. And, though she was
  a bit worried about being rebuffed, she had decided to make her wants clear.  
As he lay there on the floor of his roomy house she crawled over to him and
  tapped him on his forehead. When he looked up at her she leaned in and kissed
  him. He did not protest.  
Shortly she found herself looking down into the eyes of the man that had
  eluded and ignored her advances for so long. As she ground her body against
  him he grasped her hair and pulled her head back to kiss her neck. She moaned
  in ecstasy as a long heaving orgasm shook her body.  
Hand in hair he guided her off of his body to lay on her belly. And, holding
  her head hard to the floor he commanded her to lift her ass up. And when her
  ass arose he plunged his cock back into her sex, making her grown as another
  orgasm rocked her body. He ground deep inside of her, rocking on her plump
  bottom.  
She climaxed again and again as he pushed himself into her. And then, pulling
  her by her hair, he climbed off of her and guided her head to his awaiting
  cock. She sucked greedily as he stood over her, holding her hair and guiding
  her head roughly up and down his shaft. Her head swam in his forceful use of
  her. She felt violated and yet hungry for more violation. And, when finally
  he exploded, she swallowed his seed hungrily.  
He held her head on his softening cock until he softened. And when at last
  he was satisfied he lay down with her beside him, head on his chest.  
Silence.  
The early morning sun crept into the room. As they stirred awake she found
  the need for him again. And so, she slid her tongue down the length of his
  chest to his cock and began sucking.  
His hand found her hair and began pushing her down on to his cock rougher
  than before. And while parts of her wanted to resist she could not. His hard
  treatment of her only made her want to satisfy him more. And when he exploded
  in her mouth once again, she climaxed, too.  
They lay there, on the floor of his front room. His hand remained on her
  head, not allowing her to pull his, now flaccid, cock from her mouth. She wondered
  when he would allow her to move, while hoping that it would not be for some
  time.  
Eventually, they got up to eat breakfast and to shower.  
As she was drying herself from her hot shower he began to explain himself
  to her and why he had held her down. He exposed himself as wanting a compliant
  woman who would submit to his needs.  
"I tell you these things now because we are friends." He said, "Should you
  decide that you want a relationship with me you should know what you are getting
  into."  
She shuddered. Her entire upbringing and stubborn pride rebelled against
  the idea of being subservient to a man. Still, it was intriguing and she became
  wet with the thought.  
As she left his house that day her mind wandered at the possibilities and
  what it would mean. She ventured into a bookshop and bought a book on alternative
  lifestyles. And, while many of the descriptions were unappealing, something
  about them stirred her to wetness.  
For much of the next week she thought of the things that he had told her.
  She read over things that she had previously read in the book that she had
  purchased. And, finally, she decided to visit him again.  
The knock was tentative. He answered the door casually, inviting her in.
  She was surprised that he acted no differently than he had before their sexual
  encounter. And, as she threw out her signals and made her advances she was
  stunned to find that he did not react. In fact, he reacted as though nothing
  had happened.  
Later that evening, as he sat on the couch, she climbed into his arms and
  kissed him. Then, she pulled back and told him of the book and the things that
  she had been thinking.  
"I could never be treated like an animal." She told him. "And, as for the
  slave stuff, I don't think that I could do that for more than a few hours at
  a time. And you will never whip me or fuck my ass or humiliate me in any way."  
He took her into the bedroom and gently made love to her. And though she
  enjoyed it, something was missing. And though she climaxed time and time again,
  she felt emptiness in their lovemaking. Something was unfulfilled.  
The next night she wasted no time. Upon his opening of the door she drove
  herself into his arms and kissed him hard and long. They retired to his bed
  immediately. He slowed her frantic pace and made her lie in front of him on
  her side. He held her in his arms. And, as she felt his chest press against
  her back she shivered. And as his cock hardened and grew against her thighs
  she grew more and more excited. He began grinded his cock between her thighs
  and through the cheeks of her ass. As his cock slid between the cheeks of her
  ass she felt fear. Still he ground against her, his cock wetting the space
  between the cheeks of her ass. And finally, he slid into her ass. And then,
  he was out.  
She was stunned that she wanted it back in her ass. And stunned yet again
  when his cock slid into her ass for a second time, only to be withdrawn, yet
  again. And she found herself grinding into his cock, trying to guide it into
  the place that she told him would never be used. And when, at last she found
  her sphincter stretched by his cock, she forced herself down onto it, pressing
  her ass hard, into him.  
Her head screamed at the invasion. Her body screamed at the invasion. Yet,
  she could not, would not, stop her motion. She left her body to the sensation,
  the stretching, and the humiliation of it all. She left her body to its urges
  and needs. She exploded in ecstasy again and again.  
And, as he reached climax he rolled to his back, leaving her painfully empty,
  and grasped her hair and pushed her down to his awaiting cock. She resisted,
  briefly, only to relent and suck his cock until he exploded into her mouth.
  And, as he had on their previous encounter, he held her there, his cock in
  her mouth.  
Finally, he released her hair and commanded her to stay as she was until
  he withdrew his cock from her mouth.  
When they awoke to the sound of the alarm that signified the start of their
  new day, she found his flaccid cock still in her mouth. Neither had moved during
  the night. And she had slept as soundly as she ever had.  
Again, that next evening, after she had left work, she found herself at his
  home. This time it was he who took her. As soon as he closed the door he stripped
  her body and pushed her to her knees. He took her hard and without ceremony.
  His cock slid into her already wet sex and he fucked her hard. She climaxed
  over and over as he fucked her. She pushed against him, hard and fast with
  his rhythm. And as it seemed that she would climax again he withdrew and pushed
  into her ass.  
She cried out as his cock spread her sphincter. Even before he had fully
  entered her she climaxed, screaming, in terrible pain at the rough entry. And,
  when finally he had entered her ass completely she bucked against him and fucked
  him.  
Her head filled with thoughts of things that she had read and things that
  he had told her. She dreamed of the abuse and mistreatment that he had told
  her about. And as she dreamed she climaxed over and over again. And when he
  withdrew from her ass she collapsed only to be dragged by her hair to the foot
  of his large recliner where she sucked his cock until he, too, exploded with
  a body wrenching orgasm.  
Her days at her job became more tedious than they had been prior to her new
  relationship. She found her mind wandering towards the carnal pleasures of
  life. Often, she would find herself leafing through her, now worn, book on
  alternative lifestyles. She found herself being more aroused by the illustrations
  than she had previously been. She found that her daydreams drifted towards
  carnal images that she had never before dreamed.  
When she arrived at his house that night she began chattering immediately. "OK,
  you can fuck my ass and tie me up and you can even spank me a little. But,
  don't think that you will ever treat me like and animal or humiliate me."  
He smiled and kissed her. "Hello to you too." he said grinning.  
"And, don't think that just because you managed to convince me to do&hellip;anything
  that you can convince me to do more. So, if you can't deal with that then this
  should end now. And, I will never act like one of those slaves who lives only
  for her master. I am not that girl!" she finished.  
She cried that night. Her thoughts replayed time and again how he
    had humiliated her.  
  Her mind reeled at how easily she was made to beg to cum until she was willing
  to bark like a dog. He had even led her around his home with a leash attached
  to a heavy leather collar, making her bark, sit, and roll over and whimper.
  And she had done it all happily, excited beyond anything that she had experienced.
  And when, at last, he allowed her ass to swallow his hard cock, she came, howling
  like the dog he told her she was.   
The Morning:  
Naked, she sat, on his bathroom floor, crying at what she had willingly done.  
She did not visit him for two weeks after that ordeal. Her book became ragged
  with wear as she constantly perused its pages. Her thoughts were of him, always.
  And though she did not call him or visit him she longed for him. And when she
  let off work that Friday she went to him.  
He did not receive her as she thought that he would. He did not return the
  kiss she had given him nor did he hug her as before. And, as she was about
  to leave, crestfallen, he made his only statement.  
"Lindy", he started "you cannot behave this way. I am not yours to have whenever
  you wish. I am not here for your pleasures. I told you that the woman for me
  would perform for my pleasures. If you can remember that, this will continue.
  If not, then we can be friends."  
Haughty and angry she turned from him and departed.  
 
  The Fall:   
She was back at his door, begging him to let her in by nine o'clock that
  evening. And as she begged him to let her in she felt something in her give.
  The humiliation that she was feeling began to arouse her sexually. And the
  relief that she felt when he let her in filled her with a joy that she had
  rarely felt.  
He made her strip her clothes off for him immediately after he closed the
  door. And as he took his seat on the couch in the living room he directed she
  stand directly in front of him with her hands to her sides.  
Her excitement was clear, as her nipples were erect and hard. Her sex rushed
  full with excitement and glistened with its wetness. And despite the rooms
  warmth she felt goose bumps rise on her body and she shivered in anticipation.  
Her mind became awash in her nakedness. She was more aware of her body now
  than she had ever been. She tried not looking at him as her face flushed with
  embarrassed excitement.  
He told her to look at herself in the floor length mirror against the far
  wall behind her. She slowly turned and strode to the mirror to gaze at her
  naked form. He made her run her hands across her breasts and squeeze her hard
  nipples. She stroked the fine hair that covered her wet sex as he commanded
  her.  
And then, finally, he commanded that she retire to the bathroom to shower. "And
  when you are finished you are to have no hair on your body below the neck."  
As she shaved she found herself wondering at her actions. Everything in her
  being was commanding for her to leave, never to return. And yet, everything
  in her being screamed for her to do as she had been commanded; And so, she
  finished her assigned task  
And when she finished she presented herself before him. His huge presence
  now dominated the room. And it was that same presence dominating her will.  
She wondered why she had not noticed this before. Her mind raced to remember
  when she had seen him so strong and powerful. He seemed enormous as he sat
  on his couch gazing at her.  
When he commanded that she display herself by turning slowly around she did
  so, without question. As she turned she wondered at her obedience. She questioned
  her sanity and her will as a woman. And as she came around again, to face him,
  she no longer cared. He was all that she saw and all that mattered.  
That night she was presented with a wide leather collar. The silver rings
  shone brightly on its dull black surface. And when he close the small lock
  at the back of the collar a shiver ran through her body.  
Adorned now in matching cuffs on her ankles and wrists she felt her body
  swell with excitement. That night, she agreed to do whatever he wished, no
  matter how terrible. He made her understand that no cries would free her from
  whatever punishments he wished to inflict on her body. And when, finally, he
  made love to her she cried.  
Her weekend was filled with confusion, pain and ecstasy. She swam with guilt
  and pleasure as she obeyed his whims. And, though she had not experienced any
  new physical sensations, she felt an ashamed excitement at obeying his every
  command and at behaving, in every way, like she had only his will to control
  her actions.  
She was tearful when the alarm sounded Monday morning. She went to work,
  very aware of her naked wrists, ankles and neck. She rubbed her neck, longingly,
  wishing for the return of the collar. She would not see him for the next month,
  as per his command. Her choice was simple. Over the next month she was to decide
  if she would live the life he required or if they would return to being friends,
  only.  
Should she decide to live the life he required she was to make all of the
  proper arrangements herself. She would quit her job and sell all of her belongings
  save those of sentimental value Then, when all was complete she was to present
  herself to him, kneeling at his doorstep.  
Her next week was filled with anguish as she longed for him and his touch.
  She longed for his kind manner and his rough, commanding touch. Mostly, she
  longed for his strong presence, which brought her a fearful excitement that,
  somehow, comforted her and made her feel secure.  
She, again, leafed through her well-used book. She could tell no one of the
  choice that she had to make, fearful of their reaction, fearful of their judgment
  and condemnation. Her only consolation in this difficult time of decision was
  that book of fearful and perverse images and descriptions.  
Arrival:  
She cried as she left the last of belongings, what she could not sell, behind.
  As she drove out to his large home on the outskirts of the city she cried at
  the loss of all that she knew. She questioned her judgment and her sanity.
  For all that she knew this was a horribly wrong decision. But, somehow, she
  had made it. And so, she drove, weeping and frightened to meet her fate.  
As she pulled into his drive the garage door swung open. He knew she was
  there already. She waited for a moment before pulling into the garage. Startled
  by the garage doors closure she shuddered as she realized that the time for
  turning back was past.  
She slowly made her way from the car to the door that would allow her entrance
  to the house. As she passed through the vestibule that would gain her entrance
  to the living room she removed her clothes as instructed only a month earlier.  
He sat, watching her as she passed through the vestibules doorway and into
  the living room. She approached slowly to kneel in front of him and then, shaking,
  she kneeled, placing her hands behind her back.  
She looked up to see him leaning forward to place the collar on her neck.
  She felt frozen and her vision became blurred as she saw her life pour away
  before her. She jumped as the lock clicked shut. Somehow, he was behind her.
  The moments seemed impossibly slow and yet; all too quickly the cuffs, which
  locked with a snap that seemed impossibly loud, encircled her wrists and ankles.  
She awoke next to him, the previous night a blur of passion and sweat. That
  they had made love was a certainty. But that was all that she knew.  
Needing to relieve herself she sat up to find that a heavy chain attached
  to the headboard was secured to her collar. She roused him gently in hopes
  that he would unlock her.  
"Suffer," he told her as he pulled her back into bed. Then he pushed her
  head down between his legs to his hard cock.  
She held his cum in her mouth as he commanded. He freed her from the chain
  and guided her into the bathroom and, after warming the water, stepped with
  her into the shower. As commanded she washed him first and then herself. Not
  until after she dried them both was she allowed to swallow the cum that she
  still held in her mouth.  
He dressed slowly while explaining that her only clothing would be her cuffs
  and an occasional blanket when it was cool enough to warrant it. She blushed,
  suddenly aware of her nakedness, wishing that she could cover herself with
  something.  
The next few weeks were a blur for her. She began to admire him and see him
  in a way that she had never seen him before. His ability to read her emotion
  was uncanny to the point of being frightening, yet comforting. His ability
  to quietly command her and make her want to serve him amazed her. And nearly
  every occasion when she doubted her decision to become his was quelled with
  a small gesture or word from him.  
During these weeks she became accustomed to his moods. She learned to read
  his thoughts almost as well as he had learned to read hers. Nothing seemed
  to please him more than her ability to present herself to him in the fashion
  in which he wanted her at the moment. That he complimented her often was of
  almost no import to her as her joy was derived, more and more, from his pleasure
  in her.  
The Other Room  
After her first several weeks learning to be what he wanted he decided that
  it was time to show her his "special room", as he called it. Taking her into
  the bedroom he showed her the false back to his closet. He explained to her
  that he had previously sealed off a large room in his house and created the
  false back to the closet as an entrance. And though he rarely entertained guests
  he wanted a room that no one would stumble upon.  
She gasped as she entered the room. The ceilings were black and had heavy
  metal hooks spaced evenly. The walls were covered in black padded leather and
  there were several strange apparatus that she could only imagine the uses for.
  As she walked towards the leather-padded table that occupied the center of
  the room she noticed that the floor was covered with black rubber tiles.  
As they approached the table he bade her to climb up on it and lay
    down on her back.  
  Mechanically she climbed onto it and laid her head in the cushion that was
  obviously meant for her head. He locked her collar to something unseen. She
  tested the binding to find it firm. He then filled her mouth with a short,
  thick phallus and strapped it on her head, tightly. Then, he lifted her knees
  to her chest and brought a strap across her legs and locked it down to the
  opposing side, pinning her knees to her chest as he tightened it.   
Suddenly filled with fear she strained against the bonds and screamed from
  beneath the gag. As his face filled her eyes she became calm again. He brushed
  her forehead and smiled a warm comforting smile. She sank into a blissful state
  as he began caressing her thighs and rubbing her sex.  
At the sudden stroking of her sex her mind filled with shame. Her thoughts
  drifted to her easy compliance with any touch to her body that stimulated her
  sexual urges. She was becoming a thing of sex, she thought. She began crying
  at her loss of control over her carnal urges. And almost immediately this thought
  comforted her as he called her his pet.  
He continued stroking her until she neared climax. Then, he stopped. As she
  collected herself from her sudden loss her body went limp in its bonds. And
  then, again he began stroking her sex. Instantly, she reacted, straining at
  her bonds in futility. And, when she neared climax he, again, stopped his ministrations.  
For two hours she suffered this exquisite torture. She tried to beg from
  beneath the gag. Paying her no mind, he made her suffer in carnal need. And
  then, he slowly pulled the phallus from her aching mouth. And she begged him
  to let her cum. Her mind was filled with one thought. And when finally she
  could speak she uttered only one word: "Please?"  
"What?" was his only utterance.  
"Please, master, let me cum. Please!" she begged. Over and over she repeated
  herself. And over and over he repeated the same question. And, when she began
  crying at her defeat, he began stroking her sex again.  
Finally, he stopped. Covered in sweat she whimpered and begged to cum.  
She had lost herself. She could think of nothing but her much needed orgasm.
  And she quietly cried to him to make her cum. And when, at last, her senses
  returned to her he told her that it was time that she started acting like the
  pet that he wanted her to be.  
The realization of what he wanted hit her suddenly. She was to become that
  dog that he had led on the leash that distant night. She was expected to bark
  and do tricks as a common housedog might. She blushed that she would consider
  such a thing, remembering how ashamed she felt from the one night of behaving
  as a dog for him. The thought of behaving as such made her recoil. And, somehow,
  the humiliation of such a thing aroused her further, while filling her with
  shame.  
Defeated, by her carnal needs and her shame, she agreed.  
He left her momentarily to return with a small metal nametag. He held the
  tag over her head and displayed it for her. The tag was stamped with her name.
  She cried as he clipped it to her collar, fully realizing her shame and humiliation.  
Now, he began stroking her sex again. Briefly he stopped to retrieve a long
  thick plug that he slid into her ass. And then, he began stroking her sex again.
  As he stroked her he told her over and over that she was his dog. She was his
  bitch, he told her. She nodded her head "yes" to his every word.  
"The only words you are to utter unless commanded are "may I cum" he told
  her.  
And she nodded "yes" to him. Over and over, as he stroked her sex, he repeated
  his directives to her and over and over she nodded in affirmation. And in her
  mind she repeated those words as often as he said them, her shame filling her
  as her carnal needs overcame her senses.  
Over and over he stopped rubbing her as she neared climax. Over and over
  she begged for him to let her cum until, finally, she screamed out "May I cum,
  master?"  
She exploded in agonizing ecstasy. Her body tensed in its bonds and she screamed.
  Her thoughts left her entirely as she neared another orgasm.  
"May I cum, master?" she screamed.  
And again she climaxed. Her body convulsed savagely, shaking the heavy table
  dramatically. She screamed in painful ecstasy, her mind void of reason or thought.
  Again, and again she climaxed, not realizing that he was no longer stroking
  her sex. Her screams filled the large room as the orgasms wracked her body,
  one after another.  
And then, finally, they subsided. She closed her eyes as the sweat dripped
  from her body and pooled on the leather-padded table.  
When she awoke she found herself in his bed wrapped in his blankets. She
  wondered if it had been a dream. Her hand drifted to the collar to find the
  nametag. She noticed, too, a strange discomfort in her ass. Her hand slid under
  the covers to feel the plug that was still in her ass.  
As she pulled the covers from her body her heart skipped a beat. The plug
  had a tail. She stood up and noticed that the tail was stiff, yet flexible,
  and seemed to wag with her step.  
She sank to the floor and, holding her hands to her face, she wept. Her shame,
  at what she had agreed to, abruptly sank into her being. She was no longer
  a person. She was an animal. She was his animal. And in her shame, she realized
  that that was, truly, how she saw herself now.  
She was thankful that he allowed her to remove her tail when she showered.
  And, as she showered she was amazed at her acceptance of her new status. And
  though she still felt shame at what she had agreed to become, it excited her.  
Duties:  
Later that day he explained to her what he expected her to do. She was expected
  to wear the tail unless otherwise commanded. When she felt the need to use
  the bathroom she was to remove it and put the tails plug into her mouth and
  then replace it in her ass when she was finished. She was allowed to remove
  it when she showered, as well.  
She was to act like a dog at all times. Communicating as a dumb animal might.
  Of course, as he had said last night, her only words were to be "May I cum.",
  unless otherwise directed. Too, she was expected never to walk upright except
  for her chores and her daily workout.  
As he laid out for her the rules she would be living by she nodded in humble
  acknowledgement.  
"Finally," he said, I expect you to learn to wag that tail as a real dog
  might."  
She nodded in affirmation.  
Had he not worked a steady job she would have lost track of time entirely.
  As it was she only knew when it was a weekend by the days he did not leave
  for work.  
Her first day alone in the house with the tail was not easy for her. Her
  degradation and humiliation nearly over came her. Several times, while doing
  her chores, she broke down crying. She thought of pulling the tail out several
  times. She did not.  
She felt particularly silly obeying her master's command to not walk
    upright when she was finished with all of the duties he had assigned her.
    Still, the one time she did walk upright she felt shame that she had done
    such a thing. She could not understand why. 
  She pondered this shame. While lying on the floor in front of the door she
  thought of how she could feel shame by acting as a normal person might. How
  could she feel shame at walking upright as she had all of her life?   
It was then that she realized that she thought of herself as his pet. After
  the degradation of the other night she no longer felt as if she deserved to
  be considered a person. She had, after all, succumbed to her basest of needs.
  She had become an animal that night and still felt like one. And with this
  realization she slept.  
She woke as her master was unlocking the door. And, as he passed the threshold
  she wagged her ass and tail, hoping that he approved. He held his hand to her
  and she licked it. And she pushed against him as he patted her head, all the
  while hoping beyond hope that this was what he wanted and expected.  
Over the next few weeks she spoke only in barks, only breaking form when
  she begged him to let her cum.  
He fed her from a dish in the kitchen. And though she was humiliated at this
  she felt it fitting. And though she wrestled with her place as his dog, from
  time to time, she came to accept it. And, over a time, she began to enjoy how
  he treated her and how pleased he was with her.  
For nearly six months he had introduced nothing new to her. Her behavior
  was rarely in need of modification. And she came to think of herself as his
  pet &ndash; his dog. Even in the few conversations that he had allowed her
  she had found it difficult to break form.  
From time to time she wondered how she had changed in her mind so much. The
  few thoughts that were of her were on how drastic a change she had made in
  herself. She wondered that her howling when she climaxed was so natural now.
  Too, she noticed how natural wagging her tail was. And though the long periods
  of having the plug inside of her had initially caused her pain, she now felt
  empty without it and disliked removing it at all. She had even begun to find
  it difficult to even use the words that would allow her to cum.  
As summer approached he allowed her outside. The back of the house opened
  into a spacious field and there were few houses in sight. The closest house
  to his, in fact was difficult to see for the high grasses and trees that were
  spaced between them.  
She was very excited to be allowed outside. And somehow, her nakedness never
  affected her.  
One particular day, he took her outside and sat with her in the swing on
  his back porch. She was lying with her head in his lap, enjoying his caressing
  of her body. After only a short time he walked her out into the field. He was
  looking for something, though he did not say what he was looking for.  
Finally, he picked up a fair sized stick. Showing her the stick, her threw
  it and demanded she fetch it. As she ran after the stick, her bare feet and
  hands crunching the dry grasses, she began to cry. Her last vestige of pride
  had just been ripped from her and she felt her final grain of humanity drain
  away.  
That night she cried herself to sleep. Her previous thoughts of what she
  had become came crashing in as she wept. She had thought that she had fully
  accepted her role as animal. This night, however, she had truly felt more like
  an animal than at any other moment.  
Lindy soon became happy with her new found understanding. She even took pleasure
  in playing fetch with her master. And, over the course of the next two years
  she became to entrenched in her role as Milo's dog that she rarely thought
  of anything but pleasing him.  
On those rare occasions when she was allowed to talk to him she found it
  almost impossible. She had become so accustomed to being his dog that she found
  speaking in words to be almost wrong. And, on those few occasions when she
  did think of herself she realized that she loved Milo, deeply.  
For the remainder of the next five years her life was filled with Milo. Happily
  she did everything that he commanded. He now fucked her with brutal force most
  nights, plunging his cock into her sex and ass without care for the pain that
  it caused her. She would howl in agonizing ecstasy as he hammered into her
  willing body. And he would fuck her harder for her howling, only to withdraw
  and make her suck his cock and swallow his cum when he exploded in her hungry
  mouth.  
And when he was spent she would replace the void in her ass with her tail
  and lick the sweat from his body, cleaning every inch of him with her tongue.
  And then she would sleep in his arms until daybreak.  
From time to time he would take her into his hidden room and tell her what
  each apparatus was for. And, though he never used any of the devices on her
  she was fearful and hopeful that he would, one day.  
Since that first day that she had played fetch for Milo she had found it
  more and more difficult to speak the words that would allow her to cum. It
  was not that she was not capable of speaking them or that she forgotten them.
  Rather, she had thought of herself as an animal from that day forth. And though
  he would have her speak to him from time to time, she was now filled with shame
  with every word that she spoke.  
Last Days:  
Shortly after his fiftieth birthday Milo was diagnosed him with a rare and
  fatal form of cancer. And though he was not outwardly ill, his time was short.  
Upon hearing of his fate Milo took appropriate actions. He notified his younger
  brother, Dean, of his impending passing and requested his immediate presence.
  His will was immediately drawn up leaving everything to his brother. He told
  his brother that he wished for him to care of Lindy, who, he believed, was
  now incapable of caring for herself. Dean agreed to live at his brother's home
  and to care for Lindy. And, having no real interests or family in his home
  of Pittsburgh he began making arrangements to forward his belongings immediately.  
Upon his brothers arrival Milo explained, in detail, their living arrangements
  to him. Dean had known of his brother's tastes and even shared similar, though
  different, interests, so he was far from shocked. He was a bit intrigued by
  it, actually.  
As per Milo's wishes, he was cremated. Dean scattered his ashes in the field
  of grass behind the house. He returned to find Lindy, crying at the window.  
She came to him as he sat on the couch and buried her head in his lap. "There,
  there" he said, "Dean is here to take care of you." And he stroked her hair
  gently while looking down at her young shivering body, a sadistic glint in
  his eyes.  
Dean and Lindy:  
When Dean had arrived at his brother's home he found him looking fit and
  healthy. He found it difficult to believe that the strong looking man before
  him was nearing death.  
He had always looked up to his older brother. And unlike so many siblings,
  they were close. There had never been any secrets between them so Dean was
  not surprised to find that Milo's lover was treated like a dog.  
Further, his strong loyalty and love for Milo dictated he obey his wishes
  to take care of Lindy. And so it was that he made arrangements to terminate
  his life in Pittsburgh and create a new life here.  
A New Beginning:  
For the next few weeks Lindy and Dean comforted each other. Often, they slept
  together, finding comfort in each other's embrace, in their mourning. During
  this time Lindy continued her daily chores as they had been previously prescribed
  while he made the final arrangements in taking over his brothers estate.  
Often, she wondered why she continued behaving as she had previously. Parts
  of her felt embarrassed at behaving like a dog in front of Dean. Still, she
  never broke form. Interestingly, to her, she realized that she had completely
  given up her humanity. This was an odd idea for her as she had long since given
  up thoughts of being anything but a dog. But, the simple fact that she could
  feel embarrassment at her actions told her that she had not.  
They had been living together for about two months. Dean's care had been
  of constant comfort to her. And though he had never acted as anything but a
  caretaker to her, it was clear to her that he was very attracted to her. She
  was not certain how this made her feel.  
It was about this time that Dean had a large box delivered to their home.
  Upon his opening of the box she discovered that the box contained a cage that
  was not large, but not small. And though she wondered what it was for, she
  did not ask, for that would have required words.  
Later that night he brought the cage into their bedroom and placed a pillow
  within. "Milo has told me everything of your relationship," he told her, "and
  he told me to take care of you as if you were mine. So, I think it is time
  that you had a more fitting place to sleep." And with those words he gestured
  she enter the cage. Her head drooped as she obeyed his command.  
 
  She found that it was difficult to crawl into the cage, as it required her
      to enter with minimal movements, being barely tall enough to allow her
      body entrance even though she was crouched with her knees to her chest.   
Once in the cage she found that there was a hole at its opposite end through
  which her head was, obviously, meant to fit. There was also a short padded
  shelf on the outside of the cage on which she could rest her head. And when
  the door closed behind her she found that she her ass was pressed tightly against
  it. Further, her shoulders were firm against the side of the cage that was,
  thankfully, padded.  
She felt him flick her tail, which was fitted through the heavy metal wired
  cage at the opposite end. And then he covered the cage with a heavy blanket
  and bid her sweet dreams.  
As she struggled for sleep in her enclosure her mind wrestled with her new
  situation. She wondered why she had continued to act like a dog in front of
  Dean. She thought of how, trapped in this cage, she felt even more animalistic
  than she had before. She thought back to the day when she had realized that
  she had not lost all of her humanity. And she wondered if this would be the
  final part in her reduction into a beast.  
That night, she decided that she would terminate her life as a dog. Tomorrow
  she would stand erect. Tomorrow, she would become a human being, again. Tomorrow
  she would leave and find a new life.  
The next morning Dean opened the cage and removed her plug. Then, commanding
  her not to move he placed the plug in her mouth and kneeled down behind her.
  Then, he slid his erection into her already wet sex. She watched the tail wagging
  in her mouth as he slowly fucked her.  
She became dizzy as he fucked her, feeling every movement as though it were
  amplified a hundred times. She distinctly felt every thrust into her. Every
  movement of the cage seemed thunderous in her ears. And with every grunt he
  emitted she found herself growing more excited.  
He thrust hard against her, sliding in and out of her excited sex. Then,
  he slid from her sex and brought his cock to her ass. She felt every inch of
  him as he slowly entered and stretched her sphincter. She pressed against him,
  forgetting her determination from last night. Still, she watched the tail wag
  in front of her. And she cried as she realized that her determination from
  last night, to terminate her current life, had evaporated.  
As he climaxed he pounded hard against her, causing her pain, triggering
  an intense orgasm. She howled behind the plugs wagging tail as she shuddered
  through her orgasm.  
Her heart sank as he withdrew from her. She thought back to the day that
  she had first realized the power of her carnal lusts. She played through her
  minds recording of the day that she had discovered that her animalistic side
  was more powerful than her human side. And she thought to herself how right
  Milo had been in treating her as his bitch.  
And so, she did not walk erect that day. She did not leave and find a new
  life. Instead, she embraced her life, as she had before Milo's passing.  
For the next year she and Dean were quite satisfied in each other. Frequently
  she spent the night caged. But, too, she was often invited into his bed for
  the night. And, as the memory of Milo's passing became distant she came to
  appreciate Dean.  
Though it was not necessary, due to the wealth he had inherited from Milo,
  Dean felt the need for employment. And when he began working steadily she fell
  back into the old schedule of keeping house as she used to. She even greeted
  Dean, with a wagging tail, as she had Milo, so long ago.  
Shortly after the anniversary of Milo's passing Dean began to exhibit slightly
  more sadistic tendencies than he had previously exhibited. Now, she found that
  her tails plug was considerably larger. The first time it had been installed
  was after she had been placed in her cage for the night. He had pulled the
  original plug out rather forcefully and then shoved the new one in. Had the
  original plug not been in her mouth when he pushed the new one in, she would
  have howled out in agony.  
For the rest of that night her ass ached terribly. And when, the next day,
  he removed it to push it into her mouth she realized why. She could not close
  her mouth over it as she could her other plug and it held her mouth achingly
  wide.  
That morning, as he fucked her she felt every stroke as if it were her first
  time. His cock seemed too large for her sex and then, as he slid past her aching
  sphincter and then fully into her aching ass, she felt as though she were being
  split open.  
She moaned in pain as he began his slow stroking in her tortured ass. With
  every thrust her head sang in a medley of pain. With the occasional withdrawal
  from her aching ass she determined to leave him. And with every painful re-entry
  she gave into her pain until, finally, she exploded in tortured pleasure.  
Finally, he withdrew to fill her mouth with his seed. Dutifully, she drank
  it down with relish, forgetting her vows to leave him.  
Over the next weeks she grew use to the size of the plug. She was surprised
  that she took to its large size so well. On those moments when she was alone
  and duty free she pondered over her decision to leave him and then at her lack
  of conviction to leave. She thought, often, of how much further she had become
  prisoner to, not only Dean but to her carnal needs. And she wondered if and
  when her animalistic needs would overcome her humanity completely.  
Suddenly, one morning, it dawned on her that she had not uttered a word of
  English since Milo's passing. All of her communications had been in barks and
  whines and by wagging her tail. She determined to speak. She determined to
  stop this game of perversity and degradation.  
Later that day, dean arrived home to find her sitting on the couch, watching
  television. Furious, he scolded her and demanded she immediately retire to
  her cage.  
Dissolving in humiliation she ran, on all fours, to her cage. As he locked
  the door behind her she wept. She was mortified at her instant reaction to
  obey and her instant dismissal of her determination to quit her present state
  of living.  
Later that night, Dean let her from her cage and led her into the hidden
  room of the house.  
 
  Punishment:   
Lindy followed him, on all fours, into the room. Turning on the one light
  in the room he directed her to put her tail in her mouth and then to sit in
  a chair that stood on the far wall.  
Obeying him immediately removed the plug from her ass and pushed it into
  her mouth. Then, on her hands and feet she ran over to the chair and took her
  place in it. Strapping her legs to the chair legs and her wrists to the arms,
  he explained to her that she would be punished for her earlier transgression.
  Finally, as he strapped her head to the headrest on the chair, he explained
  the use of this chair and the controls beside it.  
She cried as she felt the large phallus enter her ass. Her next sensation
  was her sex being violated by a similarly sized phallus. Then, he removed the
  plug from her mouth and replaced it with a rubber mouth guard.  
Her body tensed as both phalluses began a slow thrusting rhythmic thrusting.
  And, despite her knowledge of what would soon come, she felt herself becoming
  excited. She moaned as the thrusting brought her close to orgasm. And then,
  just as she was nearing release she felt the sudden jolt of electricity that
  made her body tense in agony. She bit down hard on the mouth guard, emitting
  a scream.  
And when, at last, the electrical charge was cancelled the rhythm of the
  phalluses continued, further arousing her. And though she knew that pain was
  imminent she could not control the sexual pleasure that she was feeling. Again,
  as she approached climax, Dean triggered the powerful electrical charge that
  sent her reeling in pain.  
For nearly two hours she suffered through her torture, an animal in hell.
  And in those few moments when she collected her wits, before she lost control
  to her sexual stimulation, she steeled herself to leave this life as an animal.  
Discovery:  
It was morning when she woke. She found that she was newly cleaned and swaddled
  in warm blankets. And as she passed the mirror that adorned the closet doors
  she looked at herself.  
She was almost surprised at her image. She looked hard at herself from all
  angles. Her hair glistened in sandy blonde curls. She ran her fingers through
  it. Still, shoulder length, as it had been when she had first become Milo's
  pet. Only now, on her hands and knees, it draped down, nearly to the floor.  
She wiggled to watch the wagging tail from between her, still plump, ass.
  She remembered that her bottom had always been slightly large and soft. Now,
  still large, it was round and well toned. She wiggled again, smiling, proud
  of its shape.  
Then, she examined her body. Slightly chubby when she had given herself over
  all those years ago, it had become quite toned and lean. She smiled at the
  shape of her legs, strong and well shaped. The cuffs on her ankles seemed to
  accent her shape even more.  
She sat up on her knees to examine her breasts. Pleased that her breasts
  remained firm and perky. She ran her hands across them and felt of their weight.
  She was amazed at her instant arousal at even her own touch. Then, she let
  her hands flow over her hard flat stomach. Though not a washboard stomach she
  could see slight definition beneath her skin.  
She ran her hand across her naked sex. She blushed at the wetness that she
  felt. She wondered how it was that she could be aroused. Then it dawned on
  her that she could not remember a time, recently, when she was not aroused.  
She thought back as far as she could remember. Somehow, though she remembered
  that there was a time before Milo, she could remember nothing of it. Her earliest
  memories seemed to begin with the day that she gave herself over to Milo.  
She sank her head down to the floor and raised her ass and wiggled. She smiled
  at the sight. She became further aroused so she wiggled more and more. She
  began moaning as she reached a quiet climax.  
And, when finally her orgasm subsided she thought to herself. "I am a dog.
  I am that bitch that Milo had always wanted." And, on hands and toes, she pranced
  from the room.  
Deans Perversion:  
She was in terror. Her hands were bound to the headboard of the bed and her
  legs were bound, tightly, to her chest. She could get little air and could
  not scream. She was nearly delirious with fright and lack of oxygen as his
  hand was locked continuously around her throat, allowing her just enough oxygen
  to remain conscious.  
Despite her fear, her sex was wet and engorged. Every orgasm that had passed
  her body was accompanied by terror and confusion. And when he pulled his cock
  from her sex and plunged it into her ass she lost her sight.  
When, finally, her sight returned he was over her, thrusting his cock
    into her mouth. Automatically, she sucked his cock. She was keenly aware
    of the taste of her ass and sex.  
  Her senses became suddenly aware of the musky odor of her own ass, mingled
  with the musky odor of her sex and sweat.   
Then, abruptly, he mouth was filled with his semen. She tasted it more fully
  that she could ever recall. The force of his ejaculate was almost overpowering
  as it hit the back of her throat. Her mouth filled to overflowing, she swallowed.
  It seemed that she could not swallow fast enough as his cum spilled from her
  mouth.  
Finally, it was over. Spent, he rolled from her body. She lay gasping for
  breath, whimpering, as he fumbled for her plug and thrust it into her gaping
  ass. She barked at rough intrusion but made no other protest. Shortly, an exhausting
  sleep overcame her.  
She came to look forward to Dean's rough handling of her. She felt more fully
  enveloped in her role as an animal. And somewhere, amidst the realization that
  she enjoyed how it made her feel, she realized how much she felt the need to
  be humiliated. And with that, she gave up on her occasional thoughts of being
  away from this life.  
Over the weeks, as Lindy became more accustomed to her rough handling, Dean
  began finding that he was losing interest in, what he thought of, as dull role-playing.
  Dean had always had a tendency toward more sadistic and perverse causes. And
  so, he decided that his promise to take care of her did not eliminate the fulfilling
  of his own wants.  
Lindy was introduced to Mark on the day he brought over Buddy. Mark had eyed
  Lindy quite lasciviously. He had even made an offer to Dean to purchase her
  from him right in front of her. Dean merely thanked him for the offer and declined.  
Later that evening, Dean began binding Lindy to a heavy, leather padded bench.
  Pulling her arms to her side he pushed her knees to her chest and spread them
  slightly. Then after securing her legs with a leather strap he pulled her ankles
  down and attached two cables to the cuffs that encircled them so that her legs
  were completely straight. He looked down at her approvingly. "I do like how
  your calves frame your face, Lindy." He told her.  
Sitting down on the floor beside her, at the foot of the bench, he began
  to stroke her sex. She reacted instantly. As he stroked her he began telling
  her the story of his friendship with Mark. She listened intently, amazed by
  it. She neared climax several times, only to have him stop stroking her before
  she could. Finally, he stood up and called out a name.  
She heard Buddy pad into the room. It was then that she realized that the
  stories of Dean and Mark were not mere tales. They were true.  
Frantically, she tried to raise her head and look about. However, her position
  prevented her from seeing anything but her calves. The only vision of Buddy
  that she had was in her own head.  
Dean sat down and began stroking her sex again. Despite her fear she reacted
  instantly. Dean began to tell her a story. This story involved a pretty, sandy
  blonde girl with pert breasts and a large ass who was getting fucked by a large
  golden retriever.  
She neared climax and he stopped rubbing her only to resume once again when
  her moment had passed. She remembered back to that day, so long ago, when Milo
  had tortured her in similar fashion. That was the night she became a dog for
  him.  
For long and long he tortured her, telling her to beg for the dog. She thrashed
  as much as she was able. She howled and moaned and fought. She did not want
  to give in to this. Acting like a dog was humiliation enough, but to fuck one
  was out of the question. She could not- would not do it.  
Release:  
She tried to resist her carnal needs. But, finally, she could not, bursting
  out the words she promised never to utter. "Please let me fuck the dog." She
  whimpered. He made her beg him, over and over. And, though her mind revolted
  at the thought of fucking the dog she continued begging to fuck the dog. And,
  finally, she did.  
The first time the dog fucked her was painful and hard. The dog jumped up
  on top her and grasped her body with his large paws. His cock lunged at her
  with no seeming target. Then, finally, he hit his mark. She whimpered with
  the intrusion as the dogs cock poked into her ass. And as she lost herself
  in the humiliation she climaxed.  
She never knew how long the dog fucked her for, only that he had fucked her
  and that she climaxed time and again.  
When at last the dog had finished his coupling with her she was released
  from her bonds. Some minutes later she found herself on all fours with the
  dog sniffing and licking her sex and ass. Instantly she reacted excitedly.
  The dog mounted her and found his mark instantly, filling her sex with his
  excitement. And she climaxed.  
When she awoke the next morning she was filled with shame. She had fucked
  Buddy numerous times last night. She was grateful that Dean had seen fit to
  put something over Buddy's paws so that the dog's paws did not scratch her.
  Otherwise she was very ashamed. "I am a dog fucker," she thought to herself.
  She thought, somehow, fitting.  
She wondered how often she would be made to fuck the dog, for she knew that
  last night was not a one time occurrence. But, how often would she be so reduced
  and humiliated?  
She gazed outside to see Dean playing with a large golden retriever. She
  had not noticed until now what breed the dog was.  
"Buddy, my lover." She thought. "I am a dog fucker."  
She turned from the window as Dean brought Buddy inside. Immediately after
  Dean slipped what looked like sox over Buddy's forelegs the dog made a beeline
  for her and began licking her sex.  
As she pushed him away, Dean reprimanded her. "Never, ever do that", he said.  
Lindy dropped her head in acceptance and let the dog to resume licking her.
  Almost immediately she found herself moaning with excitement. And when, finally,
  the dog mounted her and slid his cock in her sex she climaxed.  
Her Life:  
The future found Lindy fucking the dog regularly. More often than not Dean
  would make her guide the dog into her asshole and suffer the rough assault.
  He preferred that since the dogs rough intrusion always caused her pain.  
Often, when Dean would arrive home after work, he would find Lindy and Buddy
  coupled. And though she had initially tried to resist the dog while Dean was
  not in the house, she found it nearly impossible.  
Often, in the midst of her housework the dog would approach her from behind
  and paw at her leg. When she didn't comply with his wants he would leap up
  on her and try to push her down. Eventually, the dog always won out, pushing
  her tiny form to the ground. Then, he was quick to mount her and thrust himself
  into her always-receptive sex.  
Eventually, she gave up on having any control over her sexual relationship
    with the dog. 
  And when the dog would make clear his wants she would immediately take a position
  on all fours and let the dog fuck her at will.   
One day, as Dean was fucking Lindy from behind, the dog entered the room
  and tried mounting her from the wrong end. Instantly, at the thought of her
  sucking the dog's cock, he came.  
Immediately, upon withdrawal he forced her to lie on his bench with her head
  hanging over the edge. The dog needed little coaxing to mount her. Understanding,
  and defeated, at what was expected of her she opened her mouth to receive his
  cock. Crying, she guided his cock into her open mouth. She found it necessary
  to use her hands to keep the dog from choking her. Soon, her mouth was filled
  with the dog's ejaculate. She swallowed, as she knew she was expected to do.  
From that day forth, Dean told her she was the exclusive property of the
  dog and he never fucked her again, finding more enjoyment in his voyeurism.
  Often, he would retire to a corner and masturbate while he watched her fuck
  or suck the dog.  
Epilogue:  
From time to time she would remember back to her happiest times, with Milo,
  before he had gotten sick. He had always told her that he wanted her to be
  his bitch. She knew that her current situation was far from his intentions.
  Still, she thought, he would have been proud at how malleable she was and how
  she could come to enjoy most any sexual activity, even if it were with an animal.  
As for Dean, she loved him, though he was less and less a part of her life.
  He took good care of her, making certain that all of her needs were met. But,
  rather than live his life as her master and owner he had faded into a corner
  of her mind as he had the house; Often, she wondered what it was that drove
  him into a corner to watch her and the dog, masturbating frantically when he
  could have had her, instead.  
And so, she lived her life, lover and slave to her owner's dog. She never
  regretted it, though it did was often annoying having no say so in when the
  dog took her. Still, she loved the dog and she enjoyed the way it felt when
  he mounted her and pushed its knot into her sex or ass.  
Eventually, as all things do, her life changed. Dean became sickly, his body
  wracked with the same debilitating cancer that Milo had been afflicted with.
  And when he finally past, she was with him, holding him in her arms in the
  company of his doctor.  
She was now 42 years old and still a beautiful woman and the inheritor of
  several million dollars and a large estate. And, while she had little idea
  how to live alone or run her new estate, she was fortunate enough to find the
  companionship of one of Dean's accountants.  
He was well informed about her and Dean's life. And, after being initially
  put off by her odd behavior and the knowledge of what she was and how she lived,
  he soon became enamored of her. And after a whirlwind romance the two were
  married and took up life in her large home.  
They lived a long and happy life.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  H. Dean


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





