BDSM Library - Domestic Discipline in the Burbs




Domestic Discipline in the Burbs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Stately custom homes surrounded by well manicured lawns depict an image of normalcy and respectability in a contemporary suburbia. But inside some of these homes dwell individuals, who practice ritualized domestic discipline and sadomasochism, where the wife of the household, maintains complete control over her subservient husband.  It is the role of the wife/mistress to  rule supreme  and to train her husband to become a humble servant obeying her every command and focusing exclusively on her needs.Robbie overslepted. He remained in bed and pleasantly stroked his hard cock
  after tapping the snooze button on the alarm clock at bedside and rolling over.
  He felt guilty about wasting time but he didn't have enough discipline to get
  up and leave the comfort of his bed. He loved to lie in his warm cocoon in
  the morning fantasizing various sadomasochistic erotic adventures mostly about
  himself and his wife, Melinda.  
 Sometimes Melinda headed for the office of the business that she owns early
  leaving Robbie alone to sleep in a little later especially when Robbie was
  up late doing paperwork. He realized that this particular morning was not the
  case and he could hear her moving around downstairs.  
Unless Melinda goes to the office extra early, Robbie is expected to get
  up early and make her breakfast.  
 Robbie pushed his luck by not getting up and hoped that he would soon hear
  the garage door open, which would indicate that Melinda left for the office,
  and he would free to complete his little masturbation ritual. He wanted to
  cum badly but he was not quite at the climax point as he fantasized about being
  on his stomach, naked, tied spread-eagle to bedposts, as Melinda cruelly punished
  his backside with a rattan cane.  
 He suddenly sensed the door to his bedroom open and he pan iced, quickly
  released his swollen organ, discretely pulled his underwear back up and pretended
  to be asleep.  
 In walked, Melinda. "Hey, get up. You didn't work last night and we have
  a lot of work to do today to prepare for the weekend." 
 He complacently agreed, "Umm, OK."  
 But he made no move hoping she'll go away and he could relax for a few more
  minutes and return to his fantasy. She didn't. 
 "You need to make some sales calls. I'll bet you haven't made any yet this
  week." 
 "Yes I did. I made a few." Robbie lied. 
 "Who did you call?" He had no straight answer. 
 "Well, get up now!" 
 "Yes OK." 
 Robbie still didn't move hoping that she'll give up and announce that she
  was leaving for the office. He was wrong. Melinda pulled down his covers. He
  immediately felt the chilly air of the room and his erection was pretty obvious.
  She grabbed the wooden paddle located on the table at the foot of his bed. 
 "Turn over man-slut! You are totally disgusting with that boner sticking
  up like that. What have you been doing up here?"  
 Robbie reluctantly flipped over on his stomach and Melinda began to smack
  his ass. Hard! He tried to roll away to protest the assault to his bottom but
  she grabbed him and rolled him back into position holding a firm hand on the
  small of his back. The blows continued for fall in rapid succession on his
  backside. She paddled him progressively harder and harder. 
 "Don't you dare try to move away from me when I'm disciplining you," she
  reprimanded while raising the paddle into to position in preparation to launch
  another blow.  
 He tried to hold out for those last few precious moments of reclined pleasure
  but the pain became too intense. Robbie started to moan. 
 "OK. OK. Stop. I'll get up." 
Melinda discontinued the beating and Robbie quickly pulled up to a sitting
  position at bedside and planted his feet on the floor. He stood. 
 "Now I want you to get down on the floor and assume your standard punishment
  position."  
 Without question Robbie dropped to his knees and placed his forearms on
  the floor next to his bed. He rested his head on his forearms and raised his
  ass up and into position. Melinda lowered the lacey white panties, which she
  required Robbie to wear to bed every night, exposing, his tight little ass
  already severely red and swollen by the discipline that she just inflected
  upon him.  
 Robbie soon felt a really a hard smack on his already burning ass, then
  another and another. Robbie began to whimper. The whimpers soon transformed
  into agonizing cries of desperation as the paddling continued without pause. 
 "Please stop Mistress. I can't stand any more. You're hitting me too hard.
  Please slow down". The tears started to form in the corners of his eyes.  
 "How dare you beg me for mercy slut? You left my dog out last night in the
  freezing cold." 
 She hit him six more times as hard as her could and Robbie doubled over
  in agony while crying uncontrollably. 
 "Don't let that happen again or you'll be spending the night outside in
  chains and naked while the dog sleeps here in your bed. Do you understand?" 
 Melinda kicked her doubled-over husband on the back of his left thigh with
  her bare foot. 
 "Yes Mistress. I'm sorry," he sobbed.  
 "Your sorry alright &ndash; a sorry worthless piece of shit." She kicked
  him again. "I want you to log ten sales appointments when you get in the office
  and give me your list at the end of the day. You will spend one hour standing
  naked in the corner of your room this evening for every entry short of ten
  on your list. I promise to close the heating vents and open up the windows
  so you can experience what my dog felt last night. I think I will even chain
  your wrists and ankles and do something really nasty to your balls. You OK
  with that slut?" 
 "Yes Mistress. I'm sorry". 
 Without another word, she left his room leaving him there on the floor absorbed
  with his pain. He was now fully awake and his mind was racing. He thought about
  everything he needed to get done that day. It seemed overwhelming. Without
  wasting another second, he lifted himself up and staggered painfully to the
  bathroom. 
 Robbie turned on the hot water tap on the sink to get the cold water flowing
  out of the hot water pipe while he took a piss. He returned to the vanity and
  filled the basin with hot water for the morning shave. After shaving his face,
  he hit the shower, bringing his razor along to shave his legs, genitals, stomach,
  and chest, under-arms, and head.  
 Melinda required him completely hairless except for his eyebrows.  
 He took his time enjoying the hot water comfort as the pain emanating from
  his heavily punished ass cheeks began to diminish. He rubbed his bottom, which
  was sore and swollen from the recent attack by Melinda's paddle. The hot water
  really felt soothing on his punished backside. He gently guided the razor into
  his ass-crack as well.  
 When Melinda first insisted that he shave his body he was revolted by the
  idea. He felt completely humiliated by just mental image of his body without
  hair in places where men typically had hair. He begged and pleaded with her
  to no avail to change her mind on that issue. 
 "She must be trying to emasculate me. Reduce my manliness. - Symbolic castration",
  he thought.  
 However, he warmed up to the body shaving activity over the past year and
  has actually grown accustom to it. As part of his training he came to appreciate
  pampering himself, indulging his body and making himself beautiful for Melinda
  in a ritual that is usually reserved only for females. He suddenly had a mental
  flash. "If I linger in here too long, I'll be in trouble with my Mistress again
  this morning. I must end this now!"  
 He quickly twisted the shower faucets closed and drew open the shower curtain
  to find Melinda standing there all dressed in a conservative white blouse and
  black wool skirt breaking just below her knees. She looked very professional
  except for being barefoot and her beautiful long, shapely, athletic legs had
  not yet been adorned with stockings. She stood with hands on hips, and she
  looked to him as beautiful as the day he met her so long ago. He thought about
  how gorgeous she still looked and how shapely her body still was. He reflected
  that all and time she spent at the health club really paid off. 
 "What the fuck do you think you're doing? Where the hell is my breakfast?"  
 He just stood there startled. 
 "How long do I have to wait to eat? I got to get to the office. Someone's
  got to run our business and it sure isn't going to be you! Do you know what
  happens to bad little boys that dawdle in the shower?"  
 Robbie lowered his head and uttered a quiet and frightened little "No." 
 "I can only assume that you were playing with yourself again. God, I catch
  you all the time. I already caught you two times today and it's only 8:00.
  I swear that I'm going to definitely order that device to cage up that disgusting
  little wiener of yours so you won't be distracted and you can focus on my needs
  once in a while. Now do me a favor so that I can show you what will happen
  every time I catch you fooling around in here." 
 "But Mistress, I wasn't playing with myself. I was just shaving all over
  as you require me to do," Robbie whined. 
 "Oh I see. Actually, you missed a spot."  
 Melinda slowly waved the palm of her hand in close proximity to his face
  in an apparent gesture of indicating where the razor missed and quite suddenly
  slapped his face as hard as she could. The blow sent Robbie recoiling backwards
  and almost caused him to slip and loose his balance on the wet and slippery
  bathtub surface.  
 "Fuck your damm excuses. You took too long and you wasted my time. Don't
  you think my time is valuable? I want you to lie face down in the tub with
  your knees toward the drain. Do it now quickly before I really loose my temper!"  
 Robbie, feeling that further protest would only earn him additional punishment,
  slowly lowered himself to his knees and contorted his body into the requested
  position.  
 "Reach behind your back and grab onto your ankles. I'm going to give you
  an extra two minutes in the shower. See how forgiving I am? Your task is simply
  to enjoy my little morning gift and not move for two minutes. I'll be timing
  this with my watch. If you move, I'll tack on another two minutes and so on.
  Understand?"  
 Robbie feared what was coming. "Yes Mistress. I promise I won't move."  
 Melinda then fully opened up the cold water tap and a freezing burst cold
  rain descended on Robbie. He screamed from the initial shock and then shivered
  and howled in frigid discomfort fighting desperately to hold his position and
  not move.  
 "Please Mistress, turn it off. It's so cold can't stand it," he cried.  
 Melinda vocalized a sadistic little laugh and kept that cold water running
  at full blast. 
 Two minute seemed like an eternity under those conditions and Robbie summoned
  up all his willpower to avoid the natural reflex response of moving away from
  the cold. After three minutes, Melinda turned off the water as Robbie continued
  to moan, cry and shiver. 
 "I hope that you enjoyed your cool invigorating little extra shower time.
  Now get your ass down to the kitchen." 
 "Yes, Mistress, I'll dress fast and be right down." 
 "Forget about drying off or dressing. I've waited long enough. Just get
  your worthless little ass down there right now if you know what's good for
  you." 
 She turned and stomped off without another word.  
 Realizing that he started the day off badly and that he was already in trouble,
  he felt he was in no position to beg for mercy and be granted the privilege
  of toweling-off and dressing. He followed his mistress to the kitchen, naked,
  soak and wet, and trembling. 
 Robbie got to the kitchen shaking like a leaf and started the coffee and
  then got the oatmeal cooking. 
 Melinda took hot oat meal most mornings because of the benefit of its high-fiber
  content. 
 She sat impatiently at the table in the eating area of the kitchen casually
  paging through the morning paper. She was further annoyed because she had to
  retrieve her own paper from the front steps and was contemplating a list of
  possible punishments for her shiftless and lazy-assed husband who was so self-indulgent
  that he could not rise sufficiently early to either fetch her morning paper
  or have breakfast ready in a timely manor.  
 She impatiently rubbed her bare feet against each other while yelling over
  to Robbie, "What the fuck is happening with my food?" 
 "Coming right up Mistress," Robbie nervously replied without hesitation
  as he blended some cream into the cup of coffee he was about to serve.  
 The oatmeal was meanwhile boiling away in the microwave and was almost ready
  to be served as well. Robbie was cold and still slightly wet when he shuffled
  over to the table with the coffee mug in one hand and the oatmeal bowl resting
  on a saucer in the other. Robbie served Melinda and continued in accordance
  with the standard meal-time protocol for their household which was to stand
  at attention at Melinda side while she dined unless otherwise instructed. 
 The household dining rules further dictated that Robbie was only allowed
  to dine off of whatever scraps were left over from Melinda's plate after she
  has finished. He was not allowed to have any other food without her permission
  at any time. Sometimes Melinda would divide up the leftovers between Robbie
  and her Golden Retriever to further reduce Robbie's food intake. 
 By controlling his diet she could guarantee that he always looked slim and
  maintained a feminine waistline. Her philosophy was to permit him to eat only
  enough food to satisfy his minimum nutritional needs and nothing more. 
 She began to settle into eating her breakfast and paid no attention the
  naked slave husband shivering while standing at attention next to her. However,
  after a few bites and a gulp of hot coffee she did have an idea. 
 "Get down under the table and position yourself on your stomach so that
  you will be able to clean my feet with you tongue while I finish eating."  
 Robbie felt sickened but complied knowing that any word or action on his
  part that could be interpreted as reluctance to obey his mistress would be
  grounds for severe punishment. He crawled under the table and positioned himself
  on his belly so that his mouth was in close approximation to her feet. 
 He noticed that her feet were particularly dirty having been walking around
  the house barefoot all morning and even walking outside to retrieve the paper.
  The balls of her feet were blackish and her heels were about the same. Since
  most of the floors in the house were either ceramic title or uncarpeted hardwood,
  walking barefoot around the house resulted in one's feet getting dirty fairly
  quickly.  
 The ceramic tile of the kitchen floor felt cold everywhere that it made
  contact with Robbie's naked body and he knew that this was not going to be
  a pleasant task.  
 "May I begin cleaning Mistress?"  
 "Permission granted. I want my feet perfectly clean and don't forget to
  use that tongue between my toes. Also, if I feel any teeth on my toes you will
  be subjected to further discipline."  
 Melinda then nudged one of her pretty but dirty little feet into Robbie's
  waiting mouth while resting her other foot on his back to keep it warm and
  to keep him in his place by pressing her heel firmly between his shoulder blades.  
 Robbie licked and sucked using his tongue to mop the sole of her foot. He
  was well aware of her foot odor and could taste the bitter gritty residue as
  it entered his mouth. He felt revolted and sickened, while at the same time
  sexually aroused by the thought of having to perform such a disgusting task
  at the mere whim of his sadistic wife.  
 They both knew that there were very little Robbie would not do at Melinda's
  command. There was no doubt in Robbie's mind that he was totally and forever
  under her complete control. And in spite on of all the painful torture and
  discipline that he had to endure and all humiliating acts that he was forced
  to perform, he felt very secure in his relationship, much in love and very
  devoted to his wife/mistress. He was her slave. He realized that. But in his
  mind he was a slave to a goddess. All of the pain, suffering and humiliation
  were perceived by him to be tests of devotion and nothing more. Melinda once
  told him that his suffering on her behalf was that cement that blinded their
  relationship together. And that insightful through came from a women who know
  nothing about the domestic discipline lifestyle until Robbie introduced her
  to it several years ago. 
 Robbie kept working his tongue around Melinda's well-manicured toes and
  back down her sole until he reached the heel of her foot and clean it as well
  hoping that his mistress was being pleased by his service. Eventually Melinda
  removed her unattended foot off his back which was her nonverbal signal that
  it was time to switch feet.  
 "Enjoying your breakfast Slave?" she teased.  
 "Yes Mistress."  
 "Good! Now finish up quickly. I have to get to the office." 
 Although his tongue was very dry at this point and coated with dirt, and
  his mouth tasted bitter and gritty, he stepped up his cleaning effort. 
 Soon Robbie announced in a very raspy voice at he was finished.  
 Without reply, Melinda raised each foot to inspect the cleaning job which
  presented Robbie with a full view of her beautiful smooth white legs up under
  her skirt and all the way up to her crotch with her magnificent cunt covered
  by very sexy black laced panties. 
 Robbie wished that his mistress would command him lick her legs all that
  way up to her crotch and perhaps even allow him to service her orally. He loved
  to worship her fine legs and he was beginning to feel erotically intoxicated
  by a combination of his thoughts and the view.  
 However, no such invitation was extended and the view was short lived as
  Melinda, apparently satisfied that her feet were clean, commanded, "Now get
  out from under there and fetch your plate."  
 Robbie had a special plate from which he was always served Melinda's leftovers.
  Robbie got up and retrieved his special plate.  
 He was not allowed to eat off of any of the household dinnerware &ndash; these
  were reserved for the exclusive use of Melinda and her guests. Robbie's plate,
  selected by Melinda especially for him, was of the large and heavy white stoneware
  variety.  
 He placed the plate on the table next to Melinda's oatmeal bowl and returned
  to standing at attention next to her. Melinda ate only about half of the oatmeal.
  Robbie, aware of the household dining arrangements, always tried to serve up
  potions larger than what he estimated that Melinda would eat.  
 Of course, by the time she finished eating that morning, the oatmeal was
  cold and dry.  
 Robbie stood at attention at the table next to his mistress. He could feel
  a slight rumble in his stomach and some hunger pangs. As Melinda dumped the
  cold lump onto Robbie's plate, she commanded, "Handcuffs Please."  
 Sometimes Melinda required Robbie to be handcuffed behind his back and forced
  to lick the food off his plate. It looked to Robbie like this was going to
  be one of those occasions. There were handcuffs all over the house for the
  purpose of quick retrieval and Robbie was familiar with all the locations.
  He fetched a pair from a kitchen drawer and placed his hands behind his back
  and Melinda locked them on his wrists. Melinda got up and commanded Robbie
  to keel in front of her vacant chair.  
 "Don't go anywhere. I'll be right back."  
 Melinda headed for the power room off the main hallway of the house adjacent
  to the kitchen. A few minutes elapsed and Melinda returned and placed Robbie's
  plate on her chair in front of him making it practical for him to lick up the
  contents on his plate while kneeling with hands cuffed behind his back. 
 "This oatmeal is cold and all stuck together so I'm going to juice it up
  for you with my special sauce", Melinda teases using her ultra-sexy voice.  
 She produced a paper cup, which she obviously brought from the powder room
  filled with a dark yellow warm liquid. Robbie guessed right away that the cup
  contained Melinda's urine. 
 "Oh, you're going to enjoy this", she said as she dumped the contents of
  the paper cup onto the waiting lump of oatmeal.  
 "Just to show you how much I care about you, I held in my pee all morning
  so that that it would be especially dark, thick and rich. I'm going to my room
  now to put on my stockings, shoes and finish putting on my makeup. I expect
  that plate to be licked squeaky-clean by the time I return or else there will
  be consequences. Bon Appetite'."  
 Melinda left the kitchen.  
 Again Robbie experienced conflicting feelings of discuss and excitement.
  Both emotions were tugging at him but he realized he had really no choice.
  Get the contents of the plate inside him or suffer severe discipline at the
  hand of Melinda.  
 He knew that he was handcuffed in part to prevent him from being even temped
  to sneak the vile concoction into the garbage or flush down the toilet. He
  would never be able to maneuver the plate to either location without spilling
  some on its contents or dropping the entire plate. Melinda would know and the
  consequences of that course of action would likely be extremely painful.  
 She was an expert in giving Robbie the maximum pain that he could handle
  and then always "raising the bar" a little and pushing him to accept more and
  more pain. Being masochistic, Robbie was erotically stimulated by mild to moderate
  pain which Melinda gave him in carefully measure doses when he had been a good
  husband as well as an obedient slave and they engaged in erotic fantasy play.
  All of their lovemaking includes some S and M activity as part of the package.
  However, Melinda also perceived herself to be the trainer of her husband/slave
  as well as his lover. Her philosophy was that in the context of the domestic-discipline
  relationship her role was to administer whatever level punishment, torture
  or humiliation necessary, no matter how cruel, to achieve the desired result.
  Simply put, to transform a husband into an acceptable domestic slave and keep
  him under her complete control, he must be broken by whichever means necessary.  
Robbie's heart sank as he thought about what he must do. The plate stood
  before him containing the mass of yellowish oatmeal surrounded by the repulsive
  golden liquid like an island in a sea of urine. He finished pondering his options
  aware that Melinda would be returning soon and lowered his face to the plate. 
Melinda returned to the kitchen fully dressed and ready for work. Robbie
  had forced down the last bit of oatmeal and was busy sucking and licking up
  Melinda's pee. Melinda examined the plate and then looking down at Robbie with
  his face smeared with oatmeal and urine.  
 "Enjoy your breakfast, dear?" Melinda inquired. 
 "Yes mistress," Robbie replies trying to act as positive about his present
  ordeal as he could. 
 "Good. Now finish up. There's still a little bit of my precious golden liquid
  on the plate and you certainly don't want to miss any." 
 Robbie once again lowered his face to the place and continued the degrading
  task of mopping up the remaining little puddles of Melinda's urine with his
  tongue. 
 Meanwhile, Melinda retrieved handcuff keys from her purse on the kitchen
  counter. Although handcuffs can be found in various convenient locations around
  the house, only Melinda had control of the handcuff keys and kept one key in
  her purse and a second key hidden in a secret location.  
 Melinda again inspected Robby's plate observing that he had consumed all
  of the oatmeal and the remaining urine. She released Robbie's wrists and retrieved
  her black leather coat from the hall closet.  
 Robbie remained on his knees on the kitchen floor with his arms at his sides,
  back straight and eyes facing forward. His face was covered with urine and
  there was urine up his nostrils and he could not escape its acrid smell. 
 "I'm leaving for the office now. I expect you to clean up the kitchen, get
  dressed, and have your butt in your chair in the office and making sales calls
  in half an hour. Remember our agreement. You must make ten sales appointments
  today or else you know the consequences. Also, when you dress today I want
  you to put on your black spandex ladies figure-control underpants". 
 Relieved that his morning ordeal was apparently over, Robbie nodded his
  acknowledgement. 
 "Yes, mistress," he replied. 
 "Oh, by the way, don't forget to wash your face." 
 Melinda laughed, blew him a kiss, and left for the office. 
Robbie walked in the office exactly one half-hour from the time Melinda left
  the kitchen of their home and walked down the flight of stairs to the garage
  leaving him on his knees with oatmeal and piss smeared all over his face. Now
  clean-faced and smartly dressed in business-causal attire, Robbie greeted their
  office admin as he walked past her deck located the office entry.  
 "Good morning Anne," greeted Robbie while he unbuttoned his leather jacket
  and walked by her desk on his way to his office.  
 "Good morning Robbie," Anne replied.  
Robbie entered his office, threw his coat over one of the chairs facing his
  desk and settled into the executive chair behind his desk and commenced to
  log-on to his computer. While the computer was coming up, he fetched a cup
  of coffee from the little kitchenette area in the office and returned to his
  desk and prepared himself for a day on the phone in order to make the ten-appointment
  goal that Melinda set. He was already quite conscious of the uncomfortable
  compression and binding in his abdominal and groin areas from the extra tight
  girdle that Melinda compelled him to wear. He knew that its intended purpose
  was to keep him on task all day and serve as a reminder of the threat of punishment
  for failure to meet his goal.  
 As he continued to shift his weight around in the chair trying to get comfortable,
  Melinda appeared in the doorway to his office.  
 "Good morning Robbie. Are you having a pleasant day so far?"  
 Robbie raised his head and made eye contact.  
 "Yes. Thank you for asking. I will be making calls all day as you requested
  and logging at least as many sales appointments as the ten that you require."  
 "See that you do. I'm too busy to check up on you today so I hope that you
  can stay focused and be successful at your assigned task. I'm sure you remember
  what the consequences will be for failure?"  
 "Yes, I'm aware," replied Robbie as he began to uncomfortably fidget in
  his seat.  
 "Good. I'm having lunch with our neighbor Beck today. You are not allowed
  to eat anything in the office during the day. You had a wonderful and hardy
  breakfast this morning. One I'm sure that you won't soon forget. The good news
  for you is that I'm planning on taking you out to dinner tonight. I expect
  you home at 5:30. OK with that?"  
 "Yes".  
 "Yes what?"  
 "Yes Mistress," Robbie replied in a whisper so that his response would not
  likely be overheard by Melinda's other employees in adjacent offices.  
 "Now get to work." commanded Melinda as she walked off to handle other office
  business.  
 * * * * *  
It was exactly noon when Melinda entered The Northfield Pizza Factory, a
  local bistro-style eatery in the center of the village and scanned the lunch-time
  crowd for Beck. Beck's long, wavy, auburn hair made her somewhat easy to spot.
  She was sitting at a small two-person table in the very rear of the restaurant.
  She moved in the direction of Beck's table. Beck, who was also scanning the
  crowd from her table noticed Melinda and gestured to her with a slight wave
  of her right hand.  
"Hi Beck," greeted Melinda pulling out the empty chair. "What a morning!
  I got in late. Robbie didn't get up and make me breakfast so I had to deal
  with him."  
 Beck nodded and smiled acknowledging that she understood exactly what Melinda
  was saying between the lines.  
 Rebecca Arnsworth, known by everyone as simply "Beck", used to work as a
  sales rep in Melinda's office until she obtained her real estate license and
  left to pursue a new career. Melinda and Beck had remained friends because
  she and her husband Steve also live on Toll Bridge Lane only four houses apart.  
 "I took the liberty to ordering a wood-fired Margarita Pizza and a couple
  glasses of Merlot while I was waiting for you. I hope that's OK," said Beck  
 "That's fine. I'm really hungry and I have to get back to the office."  
 Beck lowered her voice so as to not be overheard by individuals in adjacent
  tables.  
 "What's up with Robbie?"  
"Oh just an assortment on little infractions that I have to deal with all
  the time like oversleeping, failure to bring in Pembrook last night, being
  inattentive to my needs. I had to paddle him good this morning and discipline
  him in some other ways as well."  
 "What else did you do to him?" Beck discretely whispered.  
 "Trust me. You don't what to know just before lunch. It would definitely
  spoil your appetite," Melinda cautioned.  
 "Oh, probably some gross humiliation stuff &ndash; Your specialty."  
 "Yeah, you could say that. But enough said about my little pussy-whipped
  husband. How are Steve and you getting along?"  
 "Well, I've really been hinting around this submissive thing for a while
  now. I really would like to turn him into a submissive like Robbie. I really
  kind of admire relationship the two of you have. After all the conversations
  we've had over the past year I'm really beginning to recognize my latent dominate
  character like you did two years ago when Robbie suggested that the two of
  try some domestic discipline play to spice up your relationship. I can't believe
  how far you've come since then. How did you do it?"  
 "It's not something that you can just turn on like a switch. I came to realize
  after reading books and getting information off the web, that I've had this
  sadistic side to me from early childhood. Some of the incidents in my life
  and some of the crazy things I did began to make sense. I never quite understood
  why the concept of a boy or a man being tied up or punished invoked a sexual
  response in me before I was even old enough to realize that it was indeed a
  sexual response."  
 "And you repressed these feelings as you were growing up?"  
 "Sure I did Beck. I felt odd and a little frightened of them. I thought
  I might be psychotic of something like that. The whole think resurfaced when
  the most improbable thing happened. Against all odds, I just happened to marry
  a guy who was a closet submissive. It seems so incredible that if you read
  it in a book or saw it in a movie you wouldn't think the story line was realistic.
  But it's true. Me, a repressed sadistic woman, just by luck ended up with a
  masochistic husband. We lived together in marriage for five years without either
  of us revealing our true nature to each other."  
 "Unbelievable! I just wish I had the same luck with Steve," said Beck.  
 "You never know. There might be some submissive characteristics lurking
  around in Steve's personality somewhere. We just need the right key to release
  them. And what if he doesn't have any submissive inclinations whatsoever? I
  wonder if such a man could somehow be transformed into a submissive. Robbie
  definitely wasn't nearly as submissive when we first started experimenting
  with this domestic discipline lifestyle as he is now. I brought him a long
  way down the path of submission. Maybe you just need a subtle starting point
  with Steve and start to train him to be more and more involved with this type
  of activity. The starting point may be something as simple as withholding sex
  from him until he is willing to submit to being tied up or something like that.
  Keep the activity light and fun at first. All men like to engage in naughty
  sexual taboos once in a while. Then you may be able to ease him in deeper and
  deeper. It's something to ponder isn't it? It could make for an interesting
  study in human dynamics."  
 "Sounds like something I could try. Maybe I can lure that little submissive
  side out of him. Unfortunately, Steve is out of town on business until next
  week. So, I'll have to wait to try to try out your suggestion."  
 "Maybe there's silver lining to that cloud. Take the week and try to look
  up as much stuff as you can on the web by then. Secondly, after being on the
  road for a week, he'll come home probably honey as hell".  
 "He always does!"  
 "Well, Beck sounds like a golden opportunity to conduct a little scientific
  study by introducing Steve to some new rules in the bedroom. By the way, I
  was thinking of taking Robbie to a whole new level this weekend. So far it's
  been just Robbie and me doing our little domestic discipline routine in the
  privacy of our home. I wonder how humiliated he would be if suddenly a second
  dominate female was brought into the equation &ndash; especially someone he
  knows in life outside of our home. I promised Robbie that if he worked hard
  all Saturday cleaning the house until it was spotless that we would watch the
  Buffalo Bills game together Sunday afternoon. However, it's not going to be
  what he thinks watching the game is going to be like. I have some special plans
  for him &ndash; to make the game more interesting, so to speak. Why don't you
  come over for the game and observe and perhaps join in on the fun at poor Robbie's
  expense, if you feel comfortable with it?"  
 Beck's cheeks began to blush.  
 "Wow! Really! That sounds really exciting. I'll do it. Maybe it will give
  me some experience for handling Steve."  
"OK Beck my friend. The game starts at 1:00 so show up at that time. Dress
  seductively as to can just to further torment Robbie. Perhaps you could wear
  that sexy blue dress that I know you have. Also, don't wear any stockings.
  Robbie goes absolutely mad when he sees bare female legs below the hem-line."  
 "Melinda, you're such a bitch!"  
 "Yeah, something like that," Melinda chuckled. "It looks like our food is
  coming. So, I'll see you Sunday at 1:00."  
 Beck smiled. "I'll be there."  
 * * * * *  
 It was 5:30 and the streets of the suburban village of Northfield were being
  heavily traveled by commuters returning from the city. Melinda's publishing
  business was located in the village only a few miles from home. Robbie and
  Melinda drove separately to work and they were each negotiating their way through
  the commuter traffic at the same time in their respective vehicles.  
 Robbie arrived home before Melinda and waited patiently for her in the kitchen
  of their home. He was mad with hunger and was tempted to sneak a quick bite
  of something prior to Melinda's arrival. But he had second thoughts fearing
  that Melinda would somehow find out. She always seems to somehow find out.  
 At the very next moment, Robbie heard Melinda's Lexus pull into the driveway.
  A minute later, she was in the kitchen face to face with Robbie.  
 "So how many sales appointments did you log today," inquired Melinda.  
 "Eight," Robbie replied.  
 "You're two short. You know what that means?"  
 "Mistress, I didn't think you were going to hold me to that goal of ten.
  Eight appointments in a single day are far more than any of our sales staff
  has ever made in one day. All considering, I think I did really well today,
  and I've been looking forward to going out to diner as you promised."  
 "Robbie dear, I don't make idle threats. Two appointments short means two
  hours tied up naked in your room tonight with the windows open."  
 "Please reconsider Mistress, I feel I did really well today and probably
  made you a lot of money," begged Robbie.  
 "No way! When I make a proclamation it is final &ndash; cast in concrete.
  You should know that by now. You will suffer the consequences of your short
  coming for two hours tonight after we get back from dinner. Any further discussion
  of this issue will increase the time of your punishment. Now lower your paints
  and stand at attention with your hands clasped behind your head. I wish to
  observe you in your pretty little figure-control girdle."  
 Robbie complied with Melinda's request. Without protest, he undid the buckle
  on his belt and unzipped himself. A slight gyration of his hips caused he paints
  to fall and gather around his ankles as he raised his arms and clasped his
  hands behind the back of his head. He stood at ridged attention as Melinda
  reviewed her husband in one of her favorite submissive poses. She could see
  how the extra small white ladies figure-shaping girdle compressed Robbie's
  stomach, groin area and extended down his thighs to just above his knee caps.
  She thought that the girdle actually resembled an extra-tight pair of white
  bike pants except for the lacy trim that encircled each leg just above the
  knee. That little bit of femininity is what made the girdle look really exquisite
  on her husband. She slipped her hands inside the girdle at the waist and slowly
  pealed it down until it bunched up around Robbie's thighs exposing his balls
  and penis. She produced a four foot length of sash cord which she retrieved
  from a kitchen drawer. She looped the cord several times around the base of
  Robbie's cock behind his balls and tied it off so the she now had her submissive
  husband on a tether by his genitals. She then tugged the girdle back up around
  his midsection with the loose end of the cord draped outside of the girdle
  at his waist. She could now lead him around as she saw fit.  
 The next item on Melinda's agenda was to retrieve some caps from plastic
  soda bottles, which she had been saving for such an occasion, in a coffee can
  in the laundry room just off the kitchen. See returned with six caps. See positioned
  herself so as to have access to Robbie's back side and slipped the bottle caps
  inside the girdle. Three caps were spread out in a triangle formation about
  two inches apart on each ass cheek. The tight elastic girdle pushed the plastic
  bottle caps into the flesh of Robbie's ass and held them firmly in place. The
  elastic was so tight around his hips that there was no concern that the caps
  would shift. They were to stay in place until Melinda decided to remove them.  
 "OK," said Melinda, "Pick up your pants and tuck the loose end of the cord
  inside your shirt. You are now prepared to go to diner with me. I'm hungry,
  so let's get going."  
 * * * * *  
 Robbie sat in the passenger seat next to Melinda, who was driving her Lexus
  sedan across town to Frankie Dee's Italian Restaurant. He continued to wiggle
  and shift his weight around in the leather bucket seat fruitlessly trying to
  find a position that he could tolerate for the remainder of the drive. But
  there was no such comfortable position to be found. One or two of the bottle
  caps were always burrowing into the flesh on his bottom no matter how he tried
  to adjust himself.  
 The drive to Frankie Dee's took less than fifteen minutes. Nonetheless the
  trip was most uncomfortable for Robbie. Melinda said nothing to him during
  the drive to the restaurant but glanced over in his direction several times
  and smiled approvingly after observing his fruitiness attempt to find a comfortable
  position. She was delighted that her little invention was achieving the desired
  effect and thought about how interesting dining experience was likely to be
  that evening.  
 Melinda backed into one of the farthest and most secluded spots in Frankie
  Dee's parking lot. Her Lexus was almost completed hidden from view by the big
  green dumpster at the rear of the lot. She babied her car and always tried
  to park in out of harms way if possible.  
 As Melinda put the car in park and switched the ignition to "off" Robbie
  got out of the car and quickly walked about to the driver's side to open the
  door for his wife. She got out of her car, and hit the lock button on the remote
  transmitter hanging from her key chain. Together they walked toward the restaurant.  
 "Enjoy the ride", Melinda teased as she playfully spanked Robbie's bottom.  
 "Yes Mistress," he replied trying to act as if nothing out of the ordinary
  occurred during the trip.  
 "Good! Then I assume the dining experience shall be as equally pleasurable
  for you." You know that the food is great here but they are a little slow with
  service. I estimate that well shall be sitting and having diner for about two
  hours. There will be plenty of time for us to talk and have a relaxing diner".  
 Robbie cringed slightly but did not reply. They were close to the restaurant
  entrance and he was preparing to open the door for Melinda.  
 Once the couple was inside the restaurant entrance they were greeted by
  the establishment's hostess. It was still early for dinner and the restaurant
  was not yet busy. Melinda requested a booth in one of the remotest locations
  in the restaurant. Part of the charm of Frankie Dee's was that the restaurant
  was partitioned up into several small dining areas. Thus, most of the tables
  seemed cozy, private, and intimate.  
 The couple was led to their booth. Robbie slid very gingerly into his side
  of the booth so as to minimize the pain from the bottle caps on his ass. The
  hostess handed them menus and announced that their waitress would be buy shortly
  to take their order. He was already squirming but was thankful that at least
  the benches of the booth were padded.  
 The hostess left the couple alone with their menus.  
 "Ok Robbie, hand it over," demanded Melinda.  
 "Please Mistress, don't do that here. People will see. It will be embarrassing
  for us both it someone sees it."  
 "Robbie you know better than to question me. What's gotten into you? I'm
  going to have to deal with your attitude later tonight. Now hand it over before
  I get really angry and take you home for discipline right now!"  
 Without further decent, Robbie reached inside his shirt, pulled out the
  cord, and discretely handed it off to Melinda's waiting hand under the table.  
 Melinda wasted no time in giving a strong tug to the cord, forcing her husband
  forward in the booth so that his lower chest was pulled right up against the
  edge of the table.  
 "Listen man-slut. I don't want any problems with you in the restaurant tonight."  
 She pulled a little harder on the cord.  
 "Am I making myself clear?"  
 "Yes. Yes Mistress." replied Robbie as his face grimaced from the pain.  
 "Good Boy," said Melinda releasing the tension on the cord while glancing
  at the menu.  
"I think I'll have eggplant parmesan tonight and you shall have a salad and
  water. Sound OK with you Robbie?"  
 "Mistress, please! I had nothing to eat all day since your special breakfast.
  Couldn't I please have something a little more substantial? I'm very hungry".  
 "Robbie, you know the nutrition plans I have you. However, I will give you
  a choice. Either have the meal I recommend or order anything else you want
  off the menu. However, it will cost you two strokes with my bamboo cane when
  I get you home for punishment time for each dollar of the cost of your meal.
  The salad will cost you nothing. It's your choice dear."  
 Robbie squirmed on the padded bench. The bottle caps were really digging
  into him as he pondered his options.  
 "But Mistress, there are no meals on this menu less that $10. Even the spaghetti
  and meatballs is $10 here," he whined.  
 "That's correct dear. That warm delicious bowl of pasta will only cost you
  a mere twenty strokes with the cane this evening. On the other hand, that healthy
  salad bowl would literally save your ass. So, what will it be? The waitress
  is coming over."  
 Robbie shifted his weight on the bench once more. He could feel his stomach
  rumble. He could feel himself going mad with hunger.  
 "Hi, I'm Jenny and I'll be your waitress for the evening. May I start you
  folks out with something to drink or an appetizer," asked the beautiful slim
  teenager who looked about seventeen.  
 Melinda responded, "We are actually ready to order our diner. I would like
  a glass of your house red wine and the eggplant parmesan."  
 "Very good. And you sir?"  
 Robbie hesitated. Suddenly he could feel a tightness around his balls and
  became cognizant of the cord under the table slowly becoming tighter and tighter.
  He looked at Melinda pleasantly smiling at him from across the table. He then
  turned and made contact with the teenager's eyes. He felt a strong yank on
  the cord. He stammered and blurted out, "Spaghetti and meatballs".  
 Jenny stared at Robbie trying to understand the anguish he expressed in
  his face. She realized that something strange was going on with this guy. He
  seemed totally stressed out. However, she acted as if nothing was going on. "Thank
  you." She politely responded. "I'll be back with your bread soon," she said
  as she left the couple's table and headed for the restaurant kitchen to place
  the order.  
 Melinda pulled harder on the tether.  
 "Please Mistress Let me go. I can't stand it."  
 Robbie felt flush with anxiety and could detect a bead of sweat forming
  at his hairline and start to trickle down his forehead. He could also detect
  tear drops starting to form in the corner of his eyes.  
 "Robbie, I noticed you glance at that young twist of a waitress as she walked
  away from the table and I saw you check out her legs."  
 Melissa pulled even harder on the cord and Robbie started to lean forward
  actually raising his ass off the bench. He winced and whispered a low deep
  moan. Suddenly she relaxed her grip on the cord and he slumped back down in
  his seat causing the bottle caps to produce their worse pain yet on Robbie's
  ass. He felt self conscious and embarrassed and subtly glanced around the restaurant
  to reinsure himself that no one was watching him.  
 "Don't you dare check out another woman in my presence ever again," Melinda
  reprimanded. "I'm tacking six more strokes with the cane onto you punishment
  load this evening. Check her out again and I'll add twelve more strokes next
  time. How do you like that math dear?"  
 "I'm sorry Mistress. I didn't mean in. It won't happen again".  
 "See that it doesn't or I'll cane your ass until you bleed for me".  
Soon the food started to come to the couple's table first in the form of
  bread and salad and then the main entrees served by the cute little teenage
  waitress. Whenever she approached their booth, Robbie felt very ill at ease
  and kept his eye's focused on his wife's face so that she could not possibly
  perceive his eyes to be wandering in the direction of the waitress again. Of
  course Melinda gave Robbie a few playful yanks on his cock tether whenever
  the sexy young waitress was in close proximity of their booth. The result was
  that his face was red with embarrassment and he continued to squirm on his
  bench as the bottle caps continued to make their presence felt.  
 Robbie and Melinda spoke very little during diner. Robbie savored every
  bite of his meal that he knew he would have to pay a heavy price for later
  that evening. He thought to himself how lucky for him that his bench was padded.
  The bottle caps were still torturing his ass badly in spite of the bench padding
  as he tried to focus how delicious his meal was.  
 The rest of the meal proceeded without incident. Melinda paid the bill when
  it was presented to her with her charge card. She handed the cock tether back
  to Robbie for storage inside his shirt prior to leaving the restaurant.  
 The couple left the restaurant and entered the cool night air. Robbie estimated
  that the temperature was in the low forties. He noted that it seemed about
  fifteen degrees warmer than the previous night. He thought that this was break
  for him in case his wife made good on her threat later that evening of having
  him naked in his room for two hours with the heat registers closed and the
  windows open.  
 They were the only people in the dark parking lot as they headed toward
  Melinda's Lexus in the rear of the lot. She backed into the parking space so
  only the front end on the vehicle was visible from the parking lot. As the
  couple approached the auto, Melinda, unlocked the car remotely grabbed Robbie
  by his arm.  
 "I want you to walk up ahead of me my dear, get into the car and take off
  everything except for the girdle."  
 Robbie couldn't believe that he had just heard.  
 "What? This is dangerous Mistress. Someone could see me and it could be
  a very embarrassing ordeal for both of us. Please don't ask me to do that."  
 "Robbie, if you hurry, there's no one here right now. So get going."  
 "Mistress, I'm really afraid to do that. I can't ride home like that. Someone
  is bound to see me."  
 Melinda raised he voice a tone. "Robbie, just do it. That's an order. Now
  hurry up."  
 Realizing that Melinda was insistent on her little humiliation scene and
  that he was not going to convince her otherwise, he quickened his pace and
  arrived at the Lexus a good ten to fifteen steps ahead of his mistress. He
  got in the front seat and began to remove his clothes. Melinda hung outside
  the car scanning the parking lot for other people. After a minute or two she
  observed that the parking lot was quite void of other individuals. She opened
  the driver's side door and looked in on Robbie. He was naked except for the
  girdle and looked very vulnerable hunkered down as low as possible into the
  leather bucket seat of her car.  
 "OK Robbie. There is no time for debate or back talk. Get out and go and
  stand behind my car."  
 Robbie was startled but heeded Melinda's warning about the back talk and
  got out of the car and quickly walked barefoot to the rear of the vehicle.
  He could feel the cold damp pavement of the parking lot on his bare feet and
  he felt cold as the cool night air contacted the bare skin of his almost naked
  body.  
 Melinda scanned the dark and quiet parking lot and joined him at the rear
  of her vehicle. She popped the trunk latch with her remote and the truck gracefully
  glided open.  
 "Hop in my love. And no back talk. Now!"  
 Robbie was out of his head with fear. This was happening so fast and completely
  unexpected. His mind was whirling and he couldn't think of anything else do
  but climb in the truck of his wife's car. He got in quickly as he could with
  fear that any hesitation would increase the possibility of being seen by someone.  
 "Now lie on your side facing toward the front of the car and put your hands
  behind your back."  
 Robbie complied quickly assuming a fetal position which worked out well
  for him anyway because the bottles caps would not hurt him in that position.  
 Melinda produced a plastic cable tie from her purse &ndash; the kind that
  once on can only be cut off. She looped the tie around both of Robbie thumbs
  so that it was just tight enough to prevent him from getting loose and yet
  was not too tight to cause circulation problems. She produced a second cables
  tie from her purse and constrained his big toes together in as similar manner.
  The cock tether protruding from the girdle at Robbie's front was drawn between
  his legs and looped around the cable tie binding his toes and then drawn back
  up and tied off tightly to the cable tie encircling his thumbs. The whole procedure
  took less than two minutes. She scanned the parking lot once again. The coast
  was clear.  
 "I have a few errands to run before we go home so I decided that this will
  be the best place for you. I know how you hate shopping. Your job is to keep
  still and quiet in there. If I hear any noise coming from my trunk you will
  be in serious trouble with me. Am I making myself clear?"  
 Robbie was scared, shriving and on the verge of tears. "Yes, Mistress," he
  replied in a quivering voice not much louder than a whisper.  
 Melinda slammed the trunk closed. Got behind the wheel of her car, started
  it up, drove out of Frankie Dee's parking lot and headed for the mall for an
  hour or two of after dinner shopping.  







&nbsp;&nbsp; Robbie was on his knees on the floor of his carpeted bedroom with his hand behind his back, right hand gripping the palm of his left hand. He was naked accept for a black leather collar that was buckled around his neck. He remained in rigid kneeling posture &#8211; back straight, shoulders forward, and eyes straight ahead. The girdle was removed by Melinda after they arrived home and Robbie, his body cramped and stiff, was helped out of the trunk of the Lexus. Melinda assisted him up to his room and allowed him fifteen minutes of privacy to go to the bathroom and stretch out a bit before his evening ordeal was to continue. He was ordered to assume the kneeling posture after fifteen minutes and to wait for his mistress to resume the discipline activity. The cock tether still remained in place and the loose end coiled around to floor at his knees. It was in that position that Robbie waited for the enviable punishment that was to come. The longer he waited the more tense he became in anticipation of some horrible pain to be visited upon his poor body sometime during the course of the evening. He became increasingly nervous. He could sense his heart pounding. He began to quiver and shake slightly which made it difficult to remain rigid.&nbsp; His knees began to ache. He was loosing track of time. Had he been on his knees for an hour or just a few minutes?
&nbsp;&nbsp; The room was illuminated by only a solitary candle on the nightstand. The flickering flame produced dancing shadows on the walls of the room. Robbie was absorbed by the dancing figures and was slipping into a trance. However, the struggle to stay kneeling in rigid posture forced him to keep returning to consciousness and prevented him from mentally slipping away. He cycled back and forth, slipping into trance, returning to consciousness to maintain balance, perceiving the pain in his knees and lower back and then slipping back into a trance again. The whole discipline cycle repeated over and over without a break.&nbsp; The circle was complete and&nbsp; spun around in his head like a carnival gaming wheel without&nbsp; numbers spinning endlessly. He wished for Melinda to come and resume his punishment just to get it over with. It was a very long and uncomfortable day for Robbie. He wondered when it would finally come to an end.
&nbsp;&nbsp; At last Melinda appeared in the room without Robbie even being aware of her unobtrusive entrance. She looked radiant and beautiful, a creature from a rarified world existing somewhere between a dream and reality earth. Bare feet and legs, black silk skirt, low-cut satin purple sleeveless blouse completed the image of a woman more like a goddess than a torturess. She rolled a desk chair in front her kneeling victim and began to rummage through a large sport bag across the room. She return to the chair with the bag and sat before her husband-slave with a set of clover clamps in hand. Leaning forward a bit, and making eye contact, she methodically attached a clamp to each of his nipples. Robbie winced slightly upon application of the clamps but was able to steady himself and remain in the required rigid kneeling posture. The clover clamps were attached together by a short silver chain which the sadistic woman held in her right hand and manipulated between&nbsp; fingers transmitting slight additional waves of painful sensation to the punished nipples to add to the painful bite of the clamps themselves. With her free left hand, Melinda picked up the cock tether coiled around the floor in front of Robbie&#8217;s knees. She pulled the tether taught and gave it a few good yanks while pulling at the nipple clamp chain at the same time. Robbie winced again and let out a subdued groan.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda said, Ok little man, it&#8217;s your turn to speak. Talk to me. What are you feeling now? 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Mistress, I know that I am not performing up to your expectations as your husband and slave. Therefore, I voluntarily surrender my body to you for the severe yet deserved punishment that you are about to inflict.
Robbie&#8217;s voice began to quiver as he continued.&nbsp; I am but a lowly slave to you Mistress and I spend every moment of my waking day in awe of your female magnificence and superiority. I feel fortunate to belong to you and it is a high honor to take the pain which you are about to give me as a symbol of my complete devotion to you. I strive to be completely obedient to you and expect discipline from your sweet hand for all my transgressions. I can be sure that I will suffer tonight, but that suffering will make me a better man, a stronger man, and man ever more devoted to your supreme feminine nature.
Robbie&#8217;s voice trailed off into silence.
Is that it? Melinda inquired as she gave a little tug to the chain connecting the nipple camps.
Robbie was shocked back to reality with the surge of pain from tortured nipples.
No Mistress Robbie winced, There&#8217;s more.
Continue then. 
Melinda released the tension on the nipple clamp chain.
 I only hope that I will be able to better serve your needs as a result of the discipline that I&#8217;m about to receive. My love for you is so strong and no physical pain can diminish the love that I have for you. I pledge to continue to worship the ground on which you walk. The tears I shed are only for you Mistress and I know that what I&#8217;m about to receive is for my own good. I ask for no mercy from you for I know in my heart that you will be both firm and just with the punishment that you are about to administer. I only hope that I will behave honorably and respectfully during to course of my ordeal. Please begin my punishment now Mistress. I am ready to accept what I deserve.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Robbie&#8217;s eyes were starting to tear up as the clover clamps continued bite harder and harder at sensitive nipples. Another minute or two went by as the couples silently gazed into each others eyes.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Mistress, please take them off. I can&#8217;t stand in. They hurt so much.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Unfortunately, this is only the beginning of the pain you will be suffering tonight. Now get up and stand under the chains. The nipple clamps stay on. You will just have to handle it Slave. Now move!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda released her grip on the cock tether. It dragged along the floor as Robbie managed to rise and check cramped knees gingerly to see if they would support his weight. He grimaced from the pain and slowly made his way over to the eyehook hanging from the ceiling with a chain and two wrists restrains hanging thereof.&nbsp; The nipple clamps continued their relentless gnawing at Robbie&#8217;s tender buds of flesh as he raised is arms so that wrists met leather restraints in anticipation of what he would be commanded to do by his mistress.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda came over to her slave and assisted his wrists into the leather and locked them up with a small padlock. He was breathing deeply trying to, breathe through, the pain. The next items that Melinda produced from her bag were three two-foot lengths of 12 gauge solid household electrical wire coated with a black rubber insulation. She wrapped the first piece of wire several times around Robbie&#8217;s ankles and then twisted the ends together. See repeated the process with the two remaining strands both above and below his knees. She knew that the hard thin wire would start to cut into his flesh in those locations if he chose to wiggle and squirm during his prescribed beating and add to the overall viciousness of the punishment. She positioned herself directly in front of Robbie and stood on his bare toes. He gasped and winced in pain. Melinda began to finger the chain connecting the clover clamps attached to her husband&#8217;s inflamed nipples. He screamed as his sadistic wife yanked on the chain and bore down on his toes at the same time.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you want these nice things off now?
&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes Mistress. Please, I can&#8217;t stand it .
&nbsp;&nbsp; Not good enough! I want to hear you really beg first.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh, please take off the nipple clamps. Please, they hurt so badly &#8211; I can&#8217;t stand it. I&#8217;ll do anything. Please Mistress, show me just a little mercy. Please hurt me in some other was.&nbsp; I just can&#8217;t handle those things any longer, He whimpered as tears filled his eyes.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That&#8217;s much better.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda released the first nipple and Robbie yelped like a dog followed by a wave of somewhat subdued moaning. The process was repeated for the second nipple and he began to contort his body as if trying to push himself away from the painful sensation on his nipples. His involuntary movement caused the cruel wires that bound ankles and knees to begin to dig into flesh producing intense pain at those locations.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After a few minutes the nipple pain diminished considerably to the extent that he could now remain still and thus reducing the biting effect of the wires.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Well you had your punishment appetizer. I hope that you appreciated it. It&#8217;s now time for the main course. I believe that it&#8217;s up to 26 strokes by bamboo cane. Oh, and I believe I recall something about opening the windows and closing the heating vents.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda circulated around the room opening up all the windows and closing all the heating vents. It was in the middle forties that evening &#8211; not all that chilly but enough to keep Robbie alert and uncomfortable throughout his punishment session.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After she completed her task with respect to the windows, and vents she retrieved a bamboo cane from a cylindrical container, which was designed to hold rolled up documents, from the back of the closet. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda explained, According to our morning agreement, you were two sales appointments short of the goal that I set for you. Therefore you must stand here for two hours. You also bought yourself a plate of spaghetti for twenty strokes with this bamboo cane. She stroked the air with the cane producing a whipping sound that made Robbie cringe. Oh, and I almost forgot &#8211; six strokes for admiring those beautiful creamy white teenage legs in my presence at the restaurant. How much does that make man-slut?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Twenty six strokes Mistress.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Good. I see that your math skills are still up to snuff. Now, I know how painful this is going to be for you so I&#8217;ve decided to administer only thirteen strokes now and the remaining thirteen in an hour. Now hold the cane in your mouth while I retrieve something to gag you with. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda retrieved a ball gag from the bag, took back the cane, inserted the gag and buckled it tight behind back of Robbie&#8217;s head. She also removed the cock tether. She stood behind Robbie and hit him hard on his ass and the back of his thighs. During the caning, he streamed into the back of the gag. The pain was excruciating and unrelenting until all thirteen strokes were rendered upon his backside. His involuntary reaction to struggle took its toll on his ankles and legs where the wire bonds squeezed slowly into flesh. When it was over, Robbie&#8217;s backside displayed thirteen puffy red welts.
&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;m going to leave you now. However, I have one final thing for you. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda produced a bottle to cinnamon essence oil from the bathroom cabinet.
She returned to her husband who was still withering in pain. She opened the bottle and shook six or seven drops to the liquid into the palm of her hand. She then rubbed the oil all over Robbie&#8217;s balls. The sweet aroma of cinnamon quickly filled the room. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; See you in an hour Worm and well start all over again. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Without further comment, Melinda left the bedroom after extinguishing the candle. She closed the door behind her leaving Robbie to suffer alone in the darkness the painful affect of the combination of the caning, and the cinnamon oil, as the chilly air blew in from the open windows.&nbsp; The effect of the cinnamon oil came on slowly and increased in painful intensity until he felt like a lit match was being held under his balls. He knew from previous experience that the pain from the cinnamon oil torture would continue for a considerably long duration. He had no other option but to stand in his bonds and take the pain. If he moved even the slightest bit the wires would resume their horrible cutting into already tender flesh. He cried and moaned and bit down on the gag as tears freely flowed down his cheeks. The agony was unbearable.&nbsp; His balls continued to burn and burn for at least half an hour before the pain began to abate. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The cinnamon oil treatment was one of the punishments that Robbie hated more that anything. The searing pain on his balls completely over-shadowed the pain of the caning. The wires around is ankles and knees were also having a terrible effect. Alone in the darkness, all that he could to do was to stand there and absorb it all.
&nbsp;&nbsp; At 10:00 sharp, Melinda returned and flicked on the lights this time. Without uttering a single word and with bamboo cane once again in hand, she vigorously slashed Robbie&#8217;s already swollen and well marked backside. She administered thirteen more strokes as her victim twisted in agony. At that point, his ass was a lacework of puffy red welts. The wire around his ankles and knees bit a little deeper admitting pain from those extremities that rose up and commingled with the pain from the caning.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; From the top of the dresser, Melinda once again retrieved the vile of cinnamon oil with the intent to reapply the oil to Robbie&#8217;s balls. Upon seeing his cruel mistress unscrew the cap to the little bottle, his swollen and tear flooded eyes seemed to bulge in their sockets. He shook his head sideways and uttered feeble pleas of mercy that could barely be recognized from the back side of the ball gag. Robbie shook his whole body while absorbing the pain from the wire down below. However, all gestures of protest and mercy were ignored as Melinda shook eight to ten drops of the sweet liquid into the palm of her left hand and while tightly grabbing hold to his cock with her right hand, cruelly massaged the evil oil on to his balls once again. Nothing happened immediately, but beads of sweat were pouring down poor punished slave&#8217;s face triggered by the anticipation of the inevitable burning pain which was only minutes away.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda just stood there with cinnamon oil bottle still in hand as she watched Robbie&#8217;s face turn beet red. She heard the long continuous moans from her husband as the burning sensation on his balls began to rev up. The moans soon became pitfall little cries and she knew that those balls were burning. 
 OK little man, one more hour for you starting now.
 The sadistic female exited the bedroom once again, flicking off the light from the wall switch on her way out, leaving her husband to once again suffer the agonies of hell alone in the darkness of the now chilly room.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Robbie&#8217;s second hour was much worse that the first. The wires were really cutting into him. The evil oil in his balls was causing intense sensation that burned on and on. His back side was also red hot as consequence of Melinda&#8217;s brutal assault with the bamboo cane. He knew that he was the victim of his wife&#8217;s favorite punishment scenario &#8211; deliver severe pain to multiple places on her victim&#8217;s body at the same time. In this way, the poor victim can shift focus from one pain center to another. Back and forth goes the pain perceptions with no relief and no escape.&nbsp; It was a mental dilemma that must be endured by the helpless victim which served to accelerate his overall agony. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The suffering continued deep into the hour before Robbie began to experience any reduction in pain whatsoever. He continued to moan for most of the second hour of his ordeal while a stream of tears trickled down his checks to land on his bare chest and mixed with drool that came from the corners of his mouth where the ball gag was ineffective at holding back the fluid.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Melinda returned to the place where her captive husband hung waiting for her and hit the light switch on her way in to illuminate the room
&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you had enough fun for tonight little man. Remember the curvy little body of that nymph who served you dinner tonight - so sweet and so tender. I wonder what she would think of you if she could see you just like this &#8211; crying and whimpering away like an insignificant little bug of a man. I&#8217;ll bet the sight of you would make her horny and excited to pick up that cane and have a go at you herself. Ahh &#8211; but you would like that wouldn&#8217;t you little dear.&nbsp; Wouldn&#8217;t you?
&nbsp; Robbie shook his head sideways and tied to say no with gagged mouth.
&nbsp; You&#8217;re still a fuckin&#8217; liar even after all this. It&#8217;s time to take you down. I&#8217;m a woman of my word and I said two hours although I have the desire to whip you all over again and leave you hanging there until morning. Maybe next time I will.
&nbsp; Melinda removed the gag and undid the wires from around Robbie&#8217;s ankles and knees. A thin deep purple line encircled Robbie&#8217;s knees and ankles where the wires have been and the skin was broken in some spots producing a few droplets of blood which trickled downward toward his feet. She released his arms which fell to his sides.&nbsp; He immediately latched onto one wrist with his other hand began to massage his swollen areas trying to stimulate circulation.
&nbsp;&nbsp; You have ten minutes of privacy to go to the bathroom and do whatever you need to do and then report back here to me, Melinda informed him. Robbie nodded and dragged his poor, tired and tortured body into the bathroom. 

The tortured husband/slave returned from the bathroom to find Melinda sitting on her bed naked with her legs draped over the bedside and spread very wide apart.
Fingers snapped. OK slut pig it&#8217;s time to show me your appreciation for the wonderful torture session which I just invested my precious time to give you. On your knees slave! I&#8217;m expecting a huge organism as my reward. Now get to it and you better not touch me with anything but that slimy slave-slut tongue of yours.

Robbie assumed a position on his knees between Melinda&#8217;s widely stretched legs and began to dutifully lick away. His tongue worked and worked on Melinda&#8217;s sex for what seemed like an hour before she finally exploded in a white hot organism.

Task completed, Melinda reached and grabbed Robbie by the leather collar with her left hand pulled herself up to a sitting position on the edge of the bed and smacked her slave hard on the face with her right.

Good job slut. Unfortunately, we&#8217;re not quite through with your punishment yet tonight. I want you to crawl over to the chamber on hands and knees and wait for me there.

Melinda made Robbie construct the chamber about a year previously. It was essentially a wooden box constructed out of  inch plywood.&nbsp; The floor space of the chamber was three feet by two feet and it was four feet in height. It was raised four inches off the floor, resting on two-by-fours, which ran along the bottom front and the two sides. It had a door on the front with a hasp for locking. Holes were bored in the floor of the chamber so that air can reach its occupant. The chamber was painted flat black inside and out.

Robbie positioned himself on his knees in front of the chamber to wait for Melinda as so ordered. He anticipated the inevitable. 

It wasn&#8217;t long before Melinda jointed Robbie in the spare bedroom in which the chamber was located.
OK man-slut. Get in.
Robbie maneuvered himself into the box. He had to draw his knees up to his chest so that he could get completely in the evil little prison. It was a tight fit. Melinda produced a pair of handcuffs and a padlock from the pocket of robe that she donned prior to joining Robbie at the chamber. She locked the cuffs on his wrists. An eyebolt was mounted in the ceiling of the chamber. She drew his arms up and locked the chain of the handcuffs to the eyebolt with a padlock.

Well my dear. This is how you will spend your night again. What a pity. When will you ever learn? You will have all night to dream about that little twist in the restaurant. Can you still remember those beautiful teenage legs from the restaurant? However, with his wrists locked up like that my poor baby won&#8217;t be able to play with himself while thinking about her. However, I do have one more very special treat for you.

Melinda produced the vile of cinnamon extract from the pocket of her robe. Robbie saw the vile and started to whimper. No Mistress, please not that again. Please I won&#8217;t be able to take it. Please I&#8217;ll do anything. Please I beg you - not again.

To Robbie&#8217;s relief, Melinda returned the vile to the pocket on her robe. 
 Thank you Mistress.

Oh Robbie you know I love you but you need discipline &#8211; a lot of discipline. I know that the cinnamon oil burns your little balls unbearably and you had two doses of it already this evening. But you know what I want is all that&#8217;s of importance. I really don&#8217;t care how bad your balls burn sweetie. I wouldn&#8217;t be a fitting mistress for you if it were otherwise.

Once again Melinda produced the vile. This time she unscrewed the cap, shook a liberal amount in the palm of her other hand, and then massaged it all over Robbie&#8217;s balls. 

I gave you a really good dose this time Robbie for complaining. You should be feeling the effect of that in a minute or so. As usual, I expect you to keep quiet and still in there until I feel like releasing you. My thinking is some time tomorrow and then I&#8217;m going to work you very hard cleaning the house. There will also be no food for you tomorrow. That massive bowl of spaghetti that you devoured should last you for two days

Without further discussion, Melinda slammed the door of the chamber closed and padlocked Robbie in for the night. A faint moan could be heard from within the chamber as Melinda walked out of the room, turning off the light on her way. Melinda was content and a sadistic grin spread across her face because she knew that the cinnamon oil was just starting to work its special magic on most deserving balls once again.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  RJ Mclink


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





