BDSM Library - Morgan and Me




Morgan and Me
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Morgan is put throught the paces as a bound captive sex slave by me, her captor.Morgan and Me  
By King Leopold  
Chapter One  
 I walked into the room where fifteen year old Morgan had been waiting for
  me. She was in the same spot I had left her thirty minutes earlier. What choice
  did she have bound and totally nude as the day she was born. That's how I had
  left her.  
 She was facing the left wall of the room, about eight feet from it. I had
  her wrists bound together behind her back along with her arms at the elbows,
  pulling them painfully together. This forced her shoulders back causing her
  to stand with the length of her spine in an arched position, the way I liked
  to view my girls.  
 I admired her as the arch in her back made it look as if she was purposely
  trying to thrust forward her small, grapefruit sized breasts.  
 Her long legs were also roped together at both her knees and her ankles.  
 Another rope had been folded in half and looped around her belly. The loose
  strands of this rope were brought around to the front of her waist, dropped
  through the folded loop and pulled down between her legs where it was then
  pulled up her backside wedging itself in-between the lips of her pussy. The
  rope between her legs was pulled so tight that it felt as if it had burrowed
  itself deep into her crotch. The loose ends had then been tied tightly to the
  rope wrapped around her wrists. Any movement by her arms would tug on the wedged
  rope between her legs.  
 The tightness of this belly rope also had the effect of squeezing her midsection
  and restricting her breathing to shallow breaths of air.  
 In her mouth was a large ring gag shoved up behind her teeth and strapped
  in place behind her head, forcing her mouth wide open. She hadn't got used
  to wearing it yet so she was drooling all over her chin and onto her protruding
  breasts.  
 Around her neck was buckled a stiff leather collar with several rings attached
  around it. A small pad lock insured that it wouldn't be removed easily.  
 As soon as I entered the room she began making all kinds of noise, trying
  to beg me to let her go, what did I want with her, and why had I brought her
  here? I say tried, because the ring gag made most of what she was trying to
  say incomprehensible.  
 I just ignored her incensed begging as I checked the rope holding her bound
  in place by pulling on it.  
 One end of the rope I pulled on was tied to the rope around her elbows,
  pulling them back and upwards. While the other end was feed through a pulley
  attached to the ceiling about two feet behind her. The rope then ran across
  the ceiling above her head to another pulley attached to the ceiling in front
  of her just before the left wall. From there it angled back towards Morgan
  where it was attached to the front of her crotch rope, pulling it forward,
  burrowing the crotch rope further up into her sex. I'm sure she didn't appreciate
  me tugging on the rope as she was forced to stand balanced on the balls of
  her feet. My tugging on the rope forced her to rock, upsetting her balance
  so she struggled to maintain it. This also made her crotch rope dig deeper
  into her cunt hurting her as I heard a painful moan escape from her gagged
  mouth.  
 I walked over the wall where my collection of beautifully crafted whips
  hung and I selected a leather riding crop. I showed her the crop and asked
  her if she had ever been whipped by one. I watched the fear grow in her eyes
  as she mumbled no tearfully through her gag and began to beg me not to use
  it on her.  
 I began to caress her rump with the business end of the crop as I listened
  to her pleas. Then I popped my wrist allowing the crop to slap her ass. She
  jumped from surprise as far as her bonds allow, which wasn't far, and sucked
  in her breath. I quickly slap her a second time on her right next to where
  the first one landed as the skin on her ass began to redden, showing the mark
  of the crop.  
 With the second strike she found her voice and screamed and jerked from
  the pain. I struck her a third and forth time on her other ass cheek. Tears
  began to well in her eyes and soon streamed down her cheeks as she increased
  her begged for me to stop. She was sobbing, yelping and drooling through the
  ring gag as I continued beating her with the crop. I smacked both ass cheeks
  as well as the backs of her upper thighs continuously with expert precision.
  Her white skin soon turned a crimson red as I worked on covering the entire
  surface (like a painter covering his canvas), with the beautiful red marks
  of the riding crop.  
 I worked the crop for close to twenty minutes on beating her ass until no
  part of her white skin had been missed. Morgan was crying uncontrollably when
  I had finished. Hanging the crop back in its place, I left her alone again
  to go for a bite to eat, not returning for over forty minutes.  
Chapter Two  
 By now she had stopped crying, her eyes puffy and red and stood quietly.
  At least that was the way she was until I entered the room again. Fear sprouted
  in her eyes as she turned her head to watch me as I entered the room. She immediately
  began to beg me to let her go and not to hurt her anymore.  
 I just chuckled as I slapped her ass with my bare hand when I passed by
  her, and watched her jump from its sting.  
 She yelped and the resumed her begging through her ring gag telling me she
  wouldn't tell anyone what I've done to her if only I'd let her go.  
 I picked up my favorite whip. A short handled nine stranded whip. Morgan
  saw it and intensified her begging as the fear began to choke her.  
 I stepped over to her and swung the whip. All nine leather strands of the
  whip whooshed through the air to land partially spread out on her beautifully
  rounded, budding right breast.  
 Morgan screamed like bloody hell through her ring gag. I gave her a minute
  for her to settle down in order to catch her breath and then struck again,
  this time the nine strands of whip landed across her other breast.  
 Her screams got louder from the pain as the tell tale red marks of where
  the strands had struck appeared upon her un-tanned white flesh.  
 Each time I waited for her to catch some semblance of her breath before
  I struck again allowing the strands of the whip to criss-cross the first marks.
  Over a period of an hour I whipped her breasts, targeting only them and nothing
  else. The thirteen year old cheerleader screamed louder than any cheer she
  had preformed and continuously until she was hoarse, and then screamed even
  more as I flayed the whip across her breasts ten times each for a total of
  twenty strokes before I hung up the back on the wall.  
 Opening a drawer on a small table nearby, I pulled from it a pair of alligator
  clamps attached to each end of a short chain. The clamps were spring loaded
  with a strong spring and each had a jagged set of inter-locking teeth.  
 I stepped back over to Morgan who was still bawling. Her eyes were but tiny
  slits from the puffy swelling of her face caused by the crying.  
 Leaning forward, I placed my mouth over the nipple of her right breast and
  began to suckle on it softly. It must of felt good to her after being struck
  with the whip because she started to reign in her tears. Though still weeping,
  she let a small moan come through now and then as I continued to suckle on
  her tit. Soon after, her nipple began to harden and felt like a small pebble
  in my mouth.  
 I removed my mouth from her tit and before she knew what was going on, I
  placed one of the alligator clips on it. The teeth of the clamp bit down hard
  on the thirteen year old's nipple and held fast as she howled like wounded
  animal and tried to shake it off.  
 Of course there was no way that clamp was coming off until I released it
  no matter how hard she shook her tits or begged me to remove it. I new soon,
  the sharp pain will dull down to a constant throb as she got used to it as
  I moved around to her other side and began to prepare her other nipple for
  it's clamp.  
 As I began to suck on it I could hear her begging me, as she cried not to
  clamp that nipple and to remove the other one. I just sucked her tit until
  that nipple was hard despite her protest and then clamped it. Again she howled
  and danced in pain as the alligator teeth bit onto the small pebble of a nipple.  
 Taking a small thin rope I tied it to the center of the chain attached to
  the alligator clips on her nipples. I then pulled the rope out forward, the
  alligator clips holding tight to her nipples as her small round tits stretched
  out into cones as I tied the other end of the rope to the rope in front of
  her. You know, the one tied off to her crotch rope.  
 I stood back and was admiring her discomfort at my handy work. I was about
  to leave when I got a terrific idea. I went to the other side of the room and
  retrieved a five pound weight. Returning to the young teen, I hung the weight
  from the center of the tit rope. Morgan wailed some more as the weight pulled
  her tits out further by the alligator clips on her nipples. I then left her
  in her misery as I went to wash up and rest.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  King Leopold


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





