BDSM Library - Kristin and Kip




Kristin and Kip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A master watches while one of his slaves dominates another before he can't help but have a taste of them both.Master and I are enjoying a lovely meal on his deck. You are ravenous and
  in the corner, naked on your knees with wrists bound behind your back. You
  are in need of attention. As we dine you occasionally ask to fuck us. He tells
  you "shut the fuck up, bitch." I giggle at you. You are not behaving very well
  because you keep talking.  
"Please master, can I suck your dick."  
"Kristin, please let me eat your cunt."  
I'm fond of you and considering allowing you to taste me&hellip;  
Master says, "I said to shut your fucking mouth you stupid lowly slut. The
  only taste of her pussy you get is in your gag."  
With that I know that I'm to go over to you, slip off my panties, and shove
  them in your mouth.  
I do so and stand over you. Seeing you below me, on your knees, eyes begging
  to be used, I'm overcome with a feeling of power over the man who has used
  me and given me away for years. I reach out and pinch your nose closed. You
  look panicked. I let go and you suck in air through your nostrils. I do it
  again&hellip;and again. The effort to breathe frightens you. Tears form at
  the corners of your eyes. I say "I'm sorry"&hellip;you can't talk but you forgive
  me with your eyes and just as you let your guard down I smack you across the
  face as hard as I can. You're dizzy and trying to catch your breath when I
  backhand you, sending you to the floor &ndash; flat on your stomach. Master
  takes notice of what's going on. He turns his chair to us and watches. I can
  see his cock growing hard in his jeans already. I want to please him with your
  pain and humiliation.  
I stand over you and wearing heels I put one foot on your back. I press down
  and hear you groan. I step up on you &ndash; still in my heels &ndash; and
  watch the red welts form as I walk around on your back. Putting one foot on
  either side of you, I hike up my dress and have a seat on your back. I lean
  forward and starting sucking and licking your ears. I whisper to you.  
"You're my bitch, now. How does it feel? I'm about to fuck you silly, slut."  
I pull your head back by your hair while I grind my bare pussy against your
  back. I'm so wet that I'm slipping around on you. I feel like I'm going to
  cum. Master says, "don't even think of it, Kristin." I stop using your torso
  as a giant dick and let go of your hair. I step off you and crawl down between
  your legs. I'm facing your ass and I pull my legs together and draw them up
  toward my chest. You're trying to figure out what the fuck I'm doing and then,
  with utter dread, you feel it. One of my heels pressing against your crack,
  finding its way between your cheeks, headed straight for your dirty hole.  
Master is impressed. He tells me how hot I am. You &ndash; you're begging
  something, but I can't understand you because I stuffed your mouth full of
  my panties. Encouraged by Master's praise I push slowly against your hole.
  I feel the resistance, but it doesn't deter me. I start sliding my leg forward,
  then back, to make my way in. You're whining now. All out begging to be spared
  the spiky heel that's about to take your asshole. Master tells me to lift my
  dress and play with my clit as I fuck the whore's asshole. I do. I hike it
  up over my ass and hips, opening one knee to expose my clit and I start rubbing
  it like a true slut. I'm lost in the fucking I'm giving myself, but am snapped
  back to you when Master forbids me to cum. I slow my own fuck and speed up
  yours. I've now worked the tip of my heel into your asshole and I'm twisting
  my foot in circles, the heel moving inside you. I push harder. My heel is now
  a few inches into your guts. You're bleeding and your body is twisting and
  bucking, trying so hard to get from me. But you're old and you're tied up and
  you're at my mercy, fucking slut. Having penetrated you, I begin the real fuck,
  pushing against your ass like I'm trying to push you away from me. Of course,
  my heel is plugged into your asshole, so you're not going anywhere. Master
  loves what he sees and gets up, drops his pants, and sits in front of your
  face. He tells you you're a fucking mess. And you are&hellip;all snot and tears
  and saliva spread across your contorted face as I quite literally fuck the
  shit out of your virgin asshole with my high heel. I'm working up a sweat and
  slowly fucking my cunt with just one finger. Master lifts your head by your
  hair, scoots himself toward you and then drops your head into his lap. He moves
  his hard dick, which is only about 6 inches, but very, very fat, to your lips.
  He presses the back of your head down and your are forced to swallow his cock
  whole. Guiding your head with his hand he deepthroats his little bitch, while
  his other little bitch rips your asshole apart with her pretty little heels.
  Beneath you I see a puddle start to form. It's clear that you've cum.  
You weren't told to cum. I knew you'd be punished for that &ndash; like I
  always was.  
I reveal your secret. Slipping my foot out of my heel, leaving it crammed
  up your asshole, I stand up and walk around you to point at your puddle. "He
  came," I said. Master has stopped fucking your mouth. He looks at your mess
  with his dick nestled in the back of your throat. I hear you gagging. The sound
  makes my soaking pussy even wetter. I pull up my dress again, standing there
  rubbing my clit as I wait to see what's going to happen to you. I think at
  the very least you will be whipped, or you might be branded &ndash; end up
  with a little moon burned into your thigh to match mine. Master rips himself
  from your face and as soon as your mouth is empty you are begging for mercy.
  You swear you didn't mean it, you just couldn't help it. You'll do better next
  time.  
Master walks to where I stand and as my imagination is racing with all the
  cruel things I know he could do to you, I'm snapped out of my reverie by a
  slap across my cheek that made the smack I gave you look like a kiss. I'm on
  the ground, I see stars, I taste my blood on my lips. I'm still dazed when
  Master breaks the straps of my dress and pulls the entire thing off of me.
  I'm left standing there naked. I start to back away, which angers him even
  more. I know better than that. Master says I need to learn a lesson and grabbing
  me by the hair, he pushes me down to my knees, cups my face and tilts it up
  toward him. He tells me I'm to pay for making you cum. Out of the corner of
  my eyes I see you wiggling your ass, trying to free it of my heel, I see my
  saliva-soaked panties laying by your head and my face burns with shame for
  turning on you. Master make me lay down next to you. My tummy is in your cum&hellip;I
  feel its stickiness and for a moment &ndash; I'm such a cumslut - I start to
  imagine you cumming on my stomach. That fantasy goes nowhere, though, as Master
  starts to beat my ass with his bare hand. I scream and cry &ndash; it stings
  so bad. He chooses one spot on my cheek and hits it over and over again. When
  I try to move he presses down on the small of my back with his free hand to
  hold me in place. When my ass is bright red, he stops to untie your wrists,
  using the fabric to secure mine behind me, instead. Master then turns me over
  on my back&hellip;with my arms behind me my tits and cunt are thrust upward.
  You are told to get on your knees between my legs and just as you do, Master
  takes your head and forces it down on my twat. He keeps pushing on your head
  until your entire face is buried in my cunt. I close my thighs around your
  head, trying to pull you deeper inside me, hips bucking, needing so badly to
  fuck something. You're eating my pussy and I'm approaching orgasm when I hear
  Master saying something to you.  
"Bite her."  
"Bite her clit, Kip."  
My eyes shoot open and I feel your mouth opening widely inside me. I start
  wiggling around on my back, kicking with my legs to escape the bite you are
  about to give me, but with your hands free you grab my hips and hold me in
  place. When your teeth came down on my clit I screamed like never before and
  I kept on screaming as you held my swollen clit between your teeth, flicking
  it with your tongue. Master tells you to hold me like that while he walks over
  to the table where earlier I was enjoying a meal with him. He takes a candle
  from the table, returns to me and begins to drip the hot wax on my nipples.
  I hold still, enjoying the initial intense heat and the hardening of the wax
  around my sensitive little tits. I'm confused by why he's punishing me like
  this, because he knows how much I love to play games with wax. You are in pain.
  Your jaw is aching. You are a mess. Drool mixed with the teeniest bit of blood
  from my bite, is dripping down your chin. Master uses up the rest of the wax
  on my tummy and gets up and goes to his room. We don't dare to move. He returns
  with a dildo so big it's absurd. Walking behind you, with no ceremony, he pulls
  the skinny little heel from your hole and plunges the massive fake dick into
  your asshole, completely filling you. The pain from the sudden violent penetration
  causes you to bitd down harder on me. I'm sobbing now. Certainly, from the
  pain, I know you've bitten my clit right off, but as I move my hips a bit I
  feel you, dutiful slave, with my clit intact between your teeth. I beg you
  to let go and you cruelly shake your head back and forth to say no. Master
  says he's not sure but he may have ruined your asshole forever by the looks
  of things. He returns to me with the candle and he pushes it close to my body.  
"I know how much this little whore loves the feel of hot wax on her slutty
  little body as it hardens. Let's see if she's as fond of it when we melt it
  off her."  
He tells you to hold your position. I have no choice but to stay still as
  the hot flame comes close to my flesh. The last thing I notice before I pass
  out is the blood in your teeth. You look like a predator.  
When I wake up I'm laying on a chaise on the deck and I realize Master's
  friends are over. That means he plans to have me to himself while he keeps
  you entertained with them. I hear laughing and yelling and I look in the direction
  of the commotion and see that you are hogtied on the table, which is still
  set, and you are among the food and place settings. Several men are standing
  by your face, seeing if they can fit all three dicks into your mouth. Whore
  that you are, you're doing quite well with two, but that third one seems to
  present you with a challenge. They pull your hair and smear their precum on
  your lips and cheeks. They make you beg for it. And you do. Another four men
  are preoccupied with your other end. Two men are pulling your ass cheeks wide
  open, while the other man takes turns plunging one, then two, then three fingers
  into you. He makes this a routine, fucking you deeply and pulling right out.
  Another man is reaching under you and trying to pull your dick and balls from
  beneath your own weight. When he finally gets that little cock in his view
  he's very mean to it. He put his palm on it, leaning his weight on your dick,
  flattening it like a pancake. He has a candle, too, which he is using to drop
  hot wax onto the tip of your dick. He announces that you have a cock as wet
  as a cunt. He decides to seal your slit with a helmet of wax.  
I watch you a little while and grow jealous of the attention you are receiving.
  I'm considering ruining your fun by taking the boys away from you when Master
  finally comes out. With him are woman and a man I've never seen before&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  lola_haze


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





