BDSM Library - The Perilous Adventures of Isabel and Moira




The Perilous Adventures of Isabel and Moira
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Isabel Metcalfe and Moira MacPeak, whom you met in "Through Night to Light" and "Moira's Story" are kidnaped from a hotel in northern Scotlandand sold to a white-slavery cartel to become field beasts of burden.  Their chains are the least of their problems, as the white-slavers had arranged for enormous breast-implant surgeries for each woman, prior to their delivery to East Africa, nude, chained and gagged.  Their husbands and sons launch a rescue attempt -- but at great cost -- and the women's fates are in the hands of the unknown.  Read what happens to these women and stay tuned for the last in the series, "Jayne's Chains."THE PERILOUS ADVENTURES OF ISABEL AND MOIRA   
By Sailor 861   
Isabel Metcalfe's nipples and pussy were still singing their sexy songs when
  she and husband Peter arrived home from their bondage weekend at Hotel Balmoral,
  near Cape Wrath, Scotland, with best friends Moira and Graham MacPeak that
  summer in 1975. Married just 1&frac12; months, Isabel's sex life had taken
  stellar leaps forward in quality, duration and frequency since she arrived
  home in early June with her ankles chained following an alien encounter on
  a dark country road just two miles from her door. (See Through Night
  to Light  
Afraid and anxious at first about her strange, new shackles and the effects
  they would have on her physically, sexually and emotionally, she confronted
  her doubt and committed herself to live with &ndash; and accept &ndash; her
  bondage when it became known they were made of a metal harder than any known
  on Earth. They could not be removed, she was told. Then, days later, she was
  kidnapped and transported, hogtied, to an East African country where she effected
  escape, in chains, and returned to Scotland relatively unscathed. She was later
  offered a position as a lab assistant/consultant in the metallurgy division
  of the University of Edinburgh's engineering faculty and her second week on
  the job would start tomorrow. Dr. Michael Ledstone had arranged for her employment
  to study this bizarre, new metal and the unique design of her shackles and
  with Mrs. Metcalfe in the office next door, he was free to conduct spectroscopic
  examinations and x-rays to his heart's content. He promised Isabel would be
  the first to review his discussion paper on his proposal to the university
  board of governors to submit a new substance for inclusion in science's Periodic
  Table of Elements which, when approved, would make him and his chained colleague "rich
  beyond means," he said. "Whatever that means," Isabel said as she snapped out
  of her daydream, finishing up the dinner dishes.  
"Wha'cha thinkin', Is.?", Peter said, in his Canadian East Coast drawl from
  the kitchen table. He loved to sit and watch as his bride moved so effortlessly
  in bondage. Her braless, 38-C breasts, with 1&frac12;-in.-diameter seamless
  rings inserted with surgical precision through her nipples &ndash; courtesy
  of the ETs &ndash; were an ongoing source of fascination and stimulation.  
"It looked like your mind was light-years away." "Yes," Isabel replied, "I
  was just thinking about work in the lab tomorrow. You know, the first week
  went by so quickly. I received my orientation, I was interviewed, got the paperwork
  signed, sealed and delivered and everybody was just so nice. But some of the
  snoopy staff and students would gaggle in the hallway outside my door just
  to get a glimpse of my chains. I would look up, smile and they would all turn
  bright red, like Scots do when embarrassed, or angry, and turn away. One young
  stud even asked me for tea at 3 one day but I turned him down smartly." Isabel
  finished tidying up in the kitchen and noticed the hall clock chiming 9 p.m.
  It was Sunday, September 1, 1975, and another work week also lay just ahead
  for Moira MacPeak, Isabel's best friend, who had agreed to have her ankles
  chained for one year during the bondage weekend just past. (See Moira's Story)
  Down the road, Moira MacPeak, 33, was going through the same physiological
  symptoms as her pal, Isabel, 35, just a mile away. She and husband, Graham,
  also had a glorious, sexy long weekend that culminated in her agreement to
  have leg shackles welded on her trim ankles for 52 weeks. Tonight, she was
  practising walking about the living room to get ready to start her new position
  as administrative assistant in the offices of the local woolen mill in the
  small western Scotland town five miles away from their country homes. The mill
  agreed to transfer her off the machinery floor, as a "safety risk," to the
  general office when it became known she would be coming to work in chains.  
A vaguely-written subsection in the mill's 75-year-old Terms of Employment
  allowed female employees to come to work wearing modest jewellery, such as
  rings and bracelets as well as unspecified "decorative chains," provided they
  were not a risk to the safe, effective and efficient operation of the mill's
  machinery floor. Her husband watched Moira dutifully from his armchair and
  noted her motions were becoming more fluid, graceful and relaxed as she got
  used to the sensations of taking 18-in., chain-snubbed strides. By 9:30, Sunday,
  Sept. 1, both couples were ready for bed. Sexually satiated from the activities
  of Friday and Saturday nights at the strange, erotic Hotel Balmoral, they were
  content to snuggle their way to sleep. Bedside clocks in the Metcalfe and MacPeak
  households clattered together at exactly 6:30 a.m. and Isabel and Moira swung
  their chained legs out of bed to get ready for work. Moira chose a new linen
  business suit she had just purchased for her new office job and Isabel picked
  her favourite white translucent silk blouse and straight grey skirt that showed
  her braless, 38-26-39 figure to best effect. She, like Moira, was comfortable
  going braless &ndash; Isabel wore an African-style loincloth under her skirt
  while Moira's loins were bare &ndash; and their breasts, as well as their chains,
  became the subject of the men's water-cooler talk and quiet, curious glances
  and envious stares from female staff at the mill, at Edinburgh U and pubs,
  offices, buildings and homes across town and throughout western Scotland. Moira
  and Isabel refused to acknowledge the glances, open-mouthed stares and whispers
  that abounded, and they sailed through their first day and second week of work
  respectively, returning home tired but satisfied about 6 p.m. to watch the
  evening news and get supper going before watching a bit of telly before bed.
  Isabel walked easily into the kitchen, her ankle chains clattering noisily
  on the vinyl tiles, and saw the registered letter Peter had left for her on
  the kitchen table when he arrived home before her.  
Isabel ripped the envelope open and read the watermarked, classy blue stationery:  
Balmoral Hotel  Cape Wrath, Scotland  31
      August 1975    Dear Isabel:    We
      were so pleased to receive you and your husband, Peter, at our hotel this   past
      weekend and trust the accommodations and amenities were to your   satisfaction.      Dr.
      Byron Lord, of Glasgow, an eminent surgeon and psychologist, will be   with
      us next weekend and has asked whether you and your friend, Moira   MacPeak,
      would like to be his guests at our facility this weekend, Sept. 6 -   7.
      He is researching the physical, psychological and emotional effects of   long-term
      restraint on the human body and would like to interview you and   your
      friend as an important part of this project as soon as possible.    If
      you agree, we will provide free transportation to and from Cape Wrath   and,
      of course, all meals and lodging will be at our expense.    Please
      feel free to call me, or Michael, at 01-224-265280, 9 - 5, Monday -   Saturday.
      Thanks. We look forward to your affirmative reply. I have sent   this
      letter to Moira as well.    Yours
      sincerely,    Sheila Baker.  Isabel
      thought: Well, that's very generous of them; I wonder if Moira wants to
      go. I wouldn't mind another weekend up there and I am sure Peter would
      not mind a weekend apart. Peter walked in an hour later and Isabel played
      her cards to the fullest. She greeted him at the door with a warm hug,
      snuggling close to him so her breasts flattened hard against his muscular
      chest. "Mm-m, what's up, doll?" Peter said, kissing her on the lips. "Peter,
      dear, I want to go back up to Balmoral Hotel with Moira this weekend. Is
      that all right with you?" Peter sat in the living room and wondered. Moira
      and Isabel could not get into too much mischief by themselves at that remote
      hotel, could they? He wondered. "Let me think about it, Is. Call Moira
      and see if she wants to go." Isabel did so and Moira was agreeable, as
      along as Isabel would go with Peter's approval. She said Graham had agreed,
      with reservations; Isabel relayed this information and Peter acquiesced. "Yes,
      my dear; go with my blessings," Peter said. He would come to rue those
      words deeply, for the rest of his life, in less than a week. "You and Moira
      go and have the time and adventure of your life." He smiled quietly, unaware
      those words would ring too true to life in just four short days. Isabel
      showed Peter her letter from Sheila, the Balmoral Hotel proprietor, and
      Peter nodded his silent assent. The trip was on and Isabel and Moira were
      all smiles after Isabel phoned to say they would be coming up at the weekend.
      Meanwhile, at Balmoral Hotel, 150 miles northeast of their west coast country
      homes, Dr. Lord, Sheila and Michael Baker were comparing notes about last
      details to subdue, bind and "surgically alter" Isabel and Moira in preparation
      for delivery to the kidnapper-couriers, Catherine and Joanne, as requested
      by a powerful white-slavery cartel which had contracted their services.  
Five-hundred-thousand pounds sterling, half the agreed amount, had already
  been deposited in unnumbered Swiss bank accounts in each of their names as
  down payment with the balance to follow on delivery &ndash; Isabel and Moira
  were to be C.O.D. slaves. Dr. Lord had brought along his surgical equipment
  and anesthesia suite; a wide variety of IV equipment, antibiotics, anti-inflammatories
  and analgesics had been delivered and unpacked; specially-screened medical
  staff had been hired and was to arrive at the appointed time, Friday night,
  Sept. 6, 1975, to be briefed on their duties by Dr. Lord and the Bakers; and,
  finally, Ned, a Tobermory metalworker, welder and artificer, had been engaged
  and briefed on the job requirements -- his silence assured with a generous
  sum of Scottish pounds &ndash; all paid for through the special joint bank
  account set up in the names of Blaker and Ford, at the Scottish national bank,
  Aberdeen.  
"Well, I think all is in readiness, or nearly so, on our part, Dr. Lord," said
  Sheila. "What about your operating room and medical arrangements? Are you quite
  satisfied?" "Yes, Mr. and Mrs. Baker," said the handsome, fierce-eyed surgeon. "I
  have arranged for the staff to be at hand when needed, my OR is nearly ready
  and all post-operative care facilities, drugs and equipment are here and ready
  to be set up in the cells adjoining my operating theatre." Dr. Lord, recently
  disbarred from the Scottish medical society for professional misconduct, was
  a highly-skilled general surgeon with a background in clinical psychology.
  He disguised his psychotic/sadistic predilections well. Targeted by the Bakers
  to carry out the special bondages and surgeries required by the white slavers,
  he was the ideal man for the job -- sworn to silence but driven by avarice,
  money and power. "All we need now are the persons of Mrs. Isabel Metcalfe and
  Mrs. Moira MacPeak," the surgeon said, with a sinister glint in his ice-cold,
  blue eyes. His palms started to sweat in anticipation and there were only four
  days to go until they were scheduled to arrive, Friday, Sept. 6, 1975, about
  10 p.m., well after the medical staff had arrived, briefed and gone to bed.
  He imagined what he was going to do with all that additional loot that would
  be stashed in his Swiss bank account after these little surgeries were completed &ndash; probably
  in less than three hours &ndash; this weekend.  
A million quid for three hours' work; not bad, he said to himself. And most,
  if not all, of it could be done by someone with far-less experience than his.
  He chuckled grimly at the incentives to get this job done, quickly, safely
  and efficiently, and committed himself to keep uppermost the health and well-being
  of the slaves-to-be that would soon come under his demented attentions. At
  least that part of Dr. Lord's twisted code of medical ethics had not deserted
  him. But what happened to their safety and well-being after he finished and
  turned over to the post-op people and the couriers were none of his affair.  
LOST, LONG WEEKEND  
Ninety-six hours to the minute, at 10 p.m., Friday, Sept. 6, Isabel and Moira
  drove up the Hotel Balmoral driveway and parked their little black Austin Mini
  Minor in the lot nearby. They were dressed to the nines: Isabel wore her best
  grey, three-piece business suit with a straight skirt that fell to three in.
  above her knees, the grey skirt highlighting the steel of her alien ankle chains
  nicely, while Moira chose her "little black dress," a tight, little woollen
  number that showed off her 36C-24-37 braless figure and her man-made, welded
  ankle shackles extremely well. The women's chains clashed and clinked as they
  made their way over the gravel roadway to the front stairs but they did not
  seem to mind the distraction. It seemed they had just left as they were met
  by Sheila and Michael, the proprietors, in the lobby.  
"Hello, Isabel and Moira; we are so glad you've come again," Sheila said,
  as she shook their hands warmly. Michael hung up the phone as they came in
  and stood in the background by the registration desk at the rear of the lobby
  looking for any telltale signs of a setup or that the slaves-to-be had been
  tipped to the scheme. There were, of course, no signs. Everything was in order
  and going like clockwork. So far. "Hello, Michael," Isabel and Moira chimed
  together, waving at him. "Nice to see you again." Michael nodded and smiled
  enigmatically.  
"Hello, you two; I hope you have a nice rest tonight. Tomorrow looks like
  a very busy and interesting day for you with Dr. Lord who will be with us momentarily." Michael
  reddened as he paused to consider his near-faux pas. "This way, ladies," Sheila
  said. "Let me show you to your rooms. You must be tired after that three-hour
  journey from the west coast to 'way up here." Sheila was wearing her ankle
  shackles from the previous weekend and Isabel wondered whether they were welded.
  They didn't appear to be, at first glance. Oh well, Isabel said to herself.
  Three pairs of leg shackles clinked, clashed and clattered on the polished
  hardwood floor as Sheila led the way to their adjoining rooms. Once unpacked,
  handbags on dresser tables and settled in, Moira came into Isabel's room with
  a quiet rustle of links and sat on the bed. "This should be interesting, Isabel;
  all day with a surgeon tomorrow," Moira said. "I've never had that long a time
  with any doctor, ever, and all he wants is to talk about how we manage in these
  chains. It's not all that bad after all, I've discovered. How about you? Have
  you really gotten used to being chained all the time?" Isabel nodded and smiled. "Not
  exactly. I'll go into that in more detail but first, Moira, do you ever get
  that intuitive feeling things are not what they should be &ndash; that something's
  just not right &ndash; but you can't put your finger on it?" "Yes, occasionally." "There's
  something about this whole visit that strikes oddly. Why would Dr. Lord want
  to meet us up here? Why not in his offices? Who is he, anyway? And what is
  his involvement with the Bakers? And, most important, why were our husbands
  not invited? All this worries me &ndash; but I don't know why. "Let's sleep
  on it," Moira offered.  
Two floors directly below them, the makeshift operating room sat in readiness
  for two unsuspecting women.  
Isabel and Moira chatted about "girlfriend" things, the work week just past,
  their husbands and sons, and decided to go to bed after an hour. It was dark,
  late and they wanted to look their best tomorrow. "Good night, Is.," Moira
  said. "See you in the a.m." "G'night, Mo." Isabel and Moira undressed in their
  rooms, put on their nightgowns and crawled into bed. The women saw the same
  notes on their pillows:  
Balmoral Hotel  We have attached a collar
      and long chain to the bedframe. They are under the   left
      pillow and the key is in the nightstand drawer. Enjoy. S and M,   proprietors.  "Ye-e-ah,
      why not?" Isabel thought, as she withdrew the collar and long, medium-weight
      chain from under the pillow. She expertly hefted the shiny steel collar
      to her neck, closed the two halves and inserted the padlock through the
      holed flanges in front. She pushed the hasp of the little brass lock through
      the perfectly-aligned holes and pushed it secure with a sharp snap, chaining
      herself in bed for the night. She had forgotten the key! "Well, no one
      can take me away from the hotel tonight like this," she said aloud. "Not
      if they don't have the key." Moira declined the collar and both women were
      soon sound asleep. Sheila called the two women at 7:30 next morning for
      breakfast and Isabel's steel collar was unlocked by Sheila who gave her
      a pleasant smile and pat on the head before leaving the room. Isabel and
      Moira put on their suit and dress and walked to the dining room, fresh
      after a good night's sleep and hot, invigorating showers.  
Their faces shone and their smiles dazzled as they greeted the Bakers and
  Dr. Lord in the dining room.  
The five, seated at a window table, introduced themselves and Moira and Isabel
  were at first shy to meet such a distinguished surgeon, with such pervasive,
  glinting-cold eyes, to talk about their bondage experiences. "Tea?" Sheila
  asked. "Yes, please," Moira and Isabel chorused. Sheila rose to the nearby
  buffet &ndash; her ankles were unchained today &ndash; got the brewed teapot
  and carefully poured Isabel and Moira cupfuls of the beverage laced with enough
  powerful benzodiazepines to put a horse to sleep. "Lemon?" "Please." Isabel
  and Moira were inveterate tea drinkers and they enjoyed savoring the delicious
  Twinings. Today, it had a slight, chemical taste but that didn't matter. Twinings
  was still the best tea in the world. "M-mm, delicious," Moira said. "There's
  lemon and something else I can't define." She took another, a larger sip and
  the room started to swim. Isabel's vision also started to blur after her second
  drink and, in 15 seconds, they knew something was seriously wrong as they tried
  to stand up from the table. Off-balance, with chained ankles and their brains
  being put to sleep by the powerful drug, Isabel's and Moira's knees turned
  to water as they tripped on their ankle chains and collapsed in a heap in the
  middle of the polished-oak dining room floor. Dr. Lord waited a minute, casually
  walked over to the pair, opened an eyelid on each attractively made-up, still
  face to examine pupil dilation and pronounced: "Yep, they're out. Colder than
  mackerels." He took each woman's pulse and confirmed they had slowed nicely
  in their narcosis.  
They were ready for the OR as he injected a mild sedative. Two burly medical
  porters suddenly appeared with gurneys and easily lifted Isabel and Moira onto
  the wheeled cots. In less than five minutes they were downstairs in the well-organized
  and -equipped OR in the last 8 X 10 cell on the left&ndash; the same one Isabel
  and Peter had occupied just last weekend &ndash; and two nurses assisted Dr.
  Lord with the surgical prep. Their clothes were cut off and taken away to be
  burned as they were placed supine on the gurney which had been secured to ringbolts
  in the disinfected stone floor.  
Dr. Lord excused the nurses and started to arrange his equipment and the
  patients. Moira was on a gurney at his left; four feet away, Isabel at his
  right hand. He could complete a procedure on one and immediately begin the
  next. The dual anesthesia suite was at the head of the gurneys, the sterilized-instrument
  tray at hand between the two and a professional OR light had been installed
  overhead to provide perfect lighting. Everything was in readiness and Dr. Lord
  began dictating to a tape recorder.  
"Two white, female patients, unconscious, sedated, ages 35 and 33; one is
  five-ft. two-in., approx. 110 lbs., with ankle shackles welded on; the other,
  five-ft. four-in., approx. 115 lbs., with pierced nipples and ankle shackles
  of a type I have never seen before. No apparent deformities, good limbs, musculature
  and tone; evidence of previous childbirths, breasts healthy, normal, slightly
  pendulous, well-formed nipples bilaterally; good general health, BP 120/70,
  p. 60 (No. 1) and 122/72, p. 62 (No. 2), at 8 a.m., Saturday, Sept. 7, 1975.
  Both have been secured to gurneys with sterile cable ties through their chains.
  The operations now begin. I have just completed removal of pubic hair with
  razors and depilatory creams. Electrolysis to follow. Heart monitors, saline-solution
  and anesthetic IV lines in place; oxygen administered. Full GA established;
  expected duration, three hours; all vital signs normal."  
Dr. Lord then bathed Isabel's and Moira's vaginal areas with betadine, a
  yellow topical antiseptic, and pierced Isabel's and Moira's labia majora bilaterally,
  twice, at 3/8th-in. intervals, with a long, thin scalpel, clamped the bleedings
  with small hemostats and inserted a two-in.-diameter, 1/8th-in.-thick tungsten-steel
  ring through each, closing each with a powerful forceps and welding the closures
  with a special surgical-steel-welding apparatus. Isabel and Moira were effectively
  rendered chaste by piercing &ndash; time elapsed: 3.5 minutes. Lord paused
  a few moments to check for bleeding at the pierces, saw none and carried on.
  He failed to hear a small hemostat fall off the tray onto a mat on the stone
  floor.  
The mad surgeon then attached a three-ft. length of 1/8th-in.-thick, oblong-linked
  stainless-steel chain to each woman's lower vaginal ring with another, slightly
  heavier surgical-steel ring, which he again welded shut, and connected the
  chain similarly to the centre link of Isabel's ankle chain, leaving Moira's
  chain unattached to her ankles temporarily &ndash; time elapsed: three minutes.
  Dr. Lord paused. No one stirred and the only sounds were hums from the heart/BP
  monitors. The women's bare breasts rose and fell slowly, evenly and regularly.
  Everything was in order, except for the errant hemostat. Dr. Lord then began
  breast augmentations on Moira and Isabel, as requested by the slavers: he had
  easily decided, based on Moira's 36C breast size, that 750 cc soft, but durable,
  silicone-rubber sacks could be implanted without difficulty and each filled
  with 1000cc of saline solution. Isabel's 38C breast size could probably accommodate
  1000 cc sacs, filled with 1200 cc saline. The implants would produce Hollywood-style
  heavy bosoms, Lord thought, and that Mrs. Metcalfe and Mrs. MacPeak would,
  most likely, have 45G- to 50G-sized breasts, which would look "exceptionally
  large on their petite frames," he thought. But these procedures were requested
  and he was determined to live up to the terms of his contract. Dr. Lord began
  by making 1&frac12;-in. incisions in each woman's armpits.  
Lifting the breast tissue, he created pockets in the chest/breast area and
  carefully placed the sacks under their pectoral muscles. He then pumped in
  measured quantities of saline, carefully watching their breasts grow in volume
  before his eyes, and quickly closed the necks of the sacks and sutured the
  incisions -- time elapsed: one hour, 30 seconds. The surgeon, now working against
  the clock, stimulated Moira's long nipples into erection, pierced each with
  a 14-gauge needle, inserted 1&frac12;-in. rings through each, welded them closed
  and welded a 16-in. length of light surgical-steel chain to both rings. He
  turned around and attached an identical chain to Isabel's pre-existing nipple
  rings &ndash; time elapsed: five minutes, 10 seconds. The methodical Dr. Lord
  continued to dictate as he worked and looked up at his patients' vital signs
  monitors. All normal. "Bring in the metalworker," Dr. Lord called finally.  
Ned Fianders of Tobermory, Scotland, had never been in an OR in his life
  and felt awkward as he wheeled his oxyacetylene-torch kit down the hallway
  in surgical greens. Michael Baker, the proprietor, signalled for him to go
  in. "They're yours; you have 25 minutes," Dr Lord said curtly, as Ned set down
  his sterilized tools. He quickly brought up the prefabricated, tungsten-steel
  collars to be welded onto Moira's and Isabel's necks. They would be snug: 6
  1/4-in.-diameter, 1/8th-in. thick, 1-in. wide, with a 3/4-in. staple affixed
  solidly to the front. He slipped them onto their necks, closed them with a
  large metalworker's tool, went outside and came back in, his torch lit with
  a bright-blue flame. He placed an asbestos cloth between the women's collars
  and their neck and had the collars securely welded shut with blue-grey seams
  along the rear curvatures which were cooling satisfactorily in three minutes.  
Ned then used large boltcutters to remove Moira's ankle shackles, welded
  a set of 18-in., tungsten-steel ankle chains in their place and completed their
  permanent steel bondage by welding pairs of 12-in., shiny tungsten shackles
  onto their wrists &ndash; total time elapsed: 20 minutes. "You're excused,
  with thanks," said Dr. Lord, as he completed attaching Moira's vagina-to-ankles
  chain exactly as he had secured her friend's. Fianders left in a hurry. He
  had never had such a job before in his 20 years of welding. He needed a drink &ndash; fast &ndash; but
  Michael Baker had other plans as Ned emerged from the OR cell. "I'll walk you
  to your truck, Ned," Michael said, fingering the blue-black .357 Magnum in
  his belt. They walked outside into the early-September Saturday morning sunshine
  and Michael let Ned move ahead three paces. Michael stopped, spread his legs,
  pulled the pistol and &ndash; Bang, Bang  &ndash; Ned,
  36, father of two small girls, fell dead on the grass, two tidy, half-in. holes
  blackening the upper rear curve of his skull; his forehead, sinuses, eye sockets,
  nose and upper cheekbones smashed utterly by the tumbling, heavy, hollow-nosed
  slugs which sped out to sea to bury themselves in a North Atlantic swell. In
  the cellblock, Dr. Lord heard a muffled bam, bam, nodded knowingly and began
  the "permanent-gagging" phase of the devilish work that would make him rich
  beyond imagination.  
The 45-year-old surgeon was given instructions to place 3&frac12;-in.-diameter,
  stainless-steel ring gags behind their upper and lower front teeth, securing
  them with surgical wire through interstices of their upper and lower canine
  and premolar teeth at the 11, 1, 5 and 7 o'clock positions. This would ensure
  their mouths would heal and later be ready for any intrusion &ndash; from a
  flying insect to a cock &ndash; against which they were totally helpless.  
It would also ensure Isabel and Moira would be unable to speak clearly, considering
  their destination and destinies &ndash; Ushwant, East Africa, to become field
  beasts of burden. Ushwant was a nation known to slavery for thousands of years,
  Dr. Lord had been informed, and Isabel and Moira would soon become a part of
  that nation's sad legacy. The only significant changes to their facial features
  were the perpetual looks of astonishment expressed by their perfectly O-shaped
  mouths, propped open by the 3&frac12;-in. rings. Time elapsed: one hour, 23
  minutes. Dr. Lord looked at his stopwatch and noted 2.57.40, two minutes, 20
  seconds, short of the three-hour deadline. "Nurses!" he called brusquely. Two
  teams of three nurses strode in quickly and disconnected Moira's and Isabel's
  IV lines, Foley catheters and sticky monitor-contact pads and wheeled the gurneys
  into the adjacent cell which was done over as an ICU. Isabel and Moira would
  sleep for another three hours before waking to discover Dr. Lord's intricate,
  evil work. The anesthetic ensured the last memory they had was of sipping tea
  in the dining room and feeling ill. The six nurses, all sworn to secrecy, had
  signed papers to indicate they had read patients' statements, forged over Isabel's
  and Moira's signatures that appeared in the hotel's registration book, stating
  they had "requested" the surgeries of their own free will to become bondage
  models and actors in the UK and US, and that they wanted to live in bondage
  24/7 so that they would be more attractive to their husbands and marketable
  to the B and D community. Two young nurses attended the two unconscious, permanently-chained
  and -gagged women and pursed their lips as they drew sheets up over their naked
  bodies to their collarbones.  
"Why they want to be chained now is beyond me," one nurse said to the other. "But
  we're being paid for this, and chains are what they said they want, so let's
  do it. The money's right." The other nodded.  
They attached chains and locks to Isabel's and Moira's collars, handcuffs
  and ankle shackles, securing them to the corners of their gurneys, then passed
  a loop of chain twice around each woman's waist and locked it underneath the
  cot. "A bull elephant in a bad mood could not get free of all that," the chatty
  nurse said. Isabel and Moira slept on as the nurses reconnected their intravenous
  lines that coursed analgesic, antibiotic and sedative through their veins.
  Chains and IV tubes abounded as the nurses left the two women, silent, motionless,
  still unaware what had happened to them. Isabel's and Moira's IV supply bags
  were nearly empty when a late-model black sports car with professional kidnappers,
  Catherine and Joanne, pulled up to the hotel's main entrance. Known as "Women
  in Black," they were attired head to toe in the colour of the night &ndash; their
  tight, braless sweaters and hip-hugging jeans displaying the shapely, muscular
  figures of years of bodybuilding. "This must be the place," said Catherine,
  shutting the engine of the powerful little MG. "Our 'patients' are downstairs.
  Let's find 'em and get the hell out of here. I don't like northern Scotland &ndash; too
  fuckin' cold." Catherine 36, of London, and Joanne, 34, Exeter, Eng., walked
  into the hotel, found Michael and Sheila Baker talking to Dr. Lord about the
  surgeries and the disposal of Ned Fianders's body in a 35-ft.-deep firepit
  dug for that purpose. "Hello," said Joanne to the trio, who looked as one at
  the heavy firepower they packed on their hips. "I'm Joanne, this is Catherine,
  and we're here for Isabel Metcalfe and Moira MacPeak. Are they ready? Or can
  we see them?" She caressed her pistol grip sexually. "No, they are not ready," Dr.
  Lord said, "and yes, you can see them, provided you put on surgical gowns."  
The kidnappers had never heard of this kink before, shrugged and followed
  Dr. Lord downstairs into the cellblock OR/ICU where a pile of green uniforms
  sat on a small table on the left. They put on drab surgical greens and Dr.
  Lord escorted them into the 2nd cell on the left. The two female kidnappers,
  each packing a Walther PPK 9 mm semiautomatic pistol with 15-round mags and
  100 rounds in pouches, had been engaged by a white-slavery cartel, based in
  a 15th-Century Ushwanti fortress/prison, to subdue, bind, gag, crate and transport
  two women by plane to East Africa via van to Prestwick where they would meet
  an anonymous contact with information to board a private chartered jet with
  their cargoes &ndash; Isabel and Moira. Outside, another, larger black car
  with three men inside drove up quickly, silently, and parked beside the MG.
  The three got out and disappeared into the shrubbery at the sides and rear
  of the hotel. Catherine and Joanne had been hardened by five years of kidnapping
  and transporting women of all ages &ndash; 18 to 75, as Catherine was always
  saying &ndash; taken by them as "stock" for the powerful international slavery
  ring which employed the two. But they were hardly prepared for what they saw:
  Isabel and Moira were just coming out of their anesthetics and could barely
  see. Isabel tried to turn her head to see where she was and heard the shink   as
  her chain moved slightly. She tried to move her arms and could only move them
  a few inches in any direction. Moira was still asleep. Isabel closed her eyes
  again, thinking it was all a dream. "Why are their mouths propped open like
  that?" Catherine asked Dr. Lord. "They have been permanently gagged, chained
  and rendered chaste by piercings, in accordance with requirements relayed to
  us, and me, by your parent organization," Dr. Lord said. "When will they be
  free to travel?" "In one day." "How are they chained?" "They have neck collars,
  handcuffs with a 12-in. chain and 18-in. leg shackles welded on. One, Isabel,
  I think her name is, was already wearing ankle shackles of a type I have never
  seen before. "They are unique and a first-rate piece of work. "Their vaginas
  have been closed by piercing rings. A chain is attached to the lower ring which
  connects to their ankle chains and their nipples have also been pierced and
  chained." Catherine and Joanne winced.  
"They also have received 48-G breast augmentation and surgical-steel ring
  gags have been used to prop their mouths open. These, too, have been surgically
  affixed with wires through the interstices of their teeth. So, you can see
  they will be ready for transport, subject to recovery from the surgery and
  anesthetic, which they tolerated well. Give 'em 24 hours." Catherine shivered
  at the doctor's clinical commentary and Isabel shuddered involuntarily as she
  heard every word with closed eyes. Moira was just coming round. "No, no, no,
  this can't be happening!" Isabel cried to herself. "What have they done to
  me? What's going to happen? And why can't I move? Where am I?" She felt tears
  welling under her closed eyelids, too afraid to open them for what she might
  discover. Her jaws and pussy hurt like hell and her chest felt unusually heavy
  but the morphine drip sent her back to the cool darkness of narcotic-induced
  sleep. Moira's eyes rolled open and she coughed lightly through her wide-open
  mouth. That didn't feel right, she thought to herself, and it hurt her chest,
  pussy and nipples, too. "What's going on here?" she said to herself, as she,
  too, fell asleep again. Catherine and Joanne left the cell unbelieving what
  they just saw and heard. Two hours later, Moira and Isabel had rallied sufficiently
  to open their eyes and tried to look around. Heavily chained with the sedation
  wearing off, they felt as though they had been run over by a MacEwan's Brewery
  truck.  
Moira turned her head and felt the slight chafe of her collar and an enormous
  mass, where her bosom used to be, under the bedsheet. She knew instantly she
  was back in bondage. She tried to move her hands the few inches her chained
  wrists would allow then moved her feet slightly and felt an unusual tug on
  her vagina. Isabel was motionless. A nurse came in and stood at the bottom
  of Moira's bed. "I want you to try and move your feet and legs to get the blood
  circulating to avoid clots, " she said. "Try." Moira heard and nodded her head
  silently. She did not have the strength to speak yet.  
She moved her feet under the sheet and felt the rustle of chain but could
  not make the connection between her movements and the tug on her vagina. Isabel
  opened her eyes and saw the cell's ceiling with a ring bolt just above her
  head. She moved her arms a few inches and tried to move her legs but stopped
  when the strange tugging at her vagina startled her. "Mmooo" (Moira), Isabel
  moaned. The nurse looked over and saw Isabel's eyes were open but was not moving. "Wha-ooo?" (What
  happened?) Isabel was surprised at her inability to articulate. Moira turned
  her head, saw her friend looking at her and knew they were in serious difficulty.
  They had been tricked. Their sedatives and anesthetics continued to wear off
  but they could not lift the sheets with their handcuffs secured to the gurney
  rails to see how their bodies had been modified, nor could they look into a
  mirror to see what had been done to their mouths. Physical sensation was restoring
  slowly and by 7 p.m., less than a day since they had arrived, they were ready
  to be unshackled from their gurneys by the nurses. Two nurses completed that
  task and left their chains in an untidy pile at the foot of each gurney but
  locked 10-ft. chain tethers to their collars and to ringbolts near each cot.  
Isabel and Moira were still not going anywhere. The six nurses then looked
  at their written instructions, put them into the blazing hotel fireplace, got
  into their cars and drove away as dusk fell. As the shadows lengthened around
  Hotel Balmoral the three men, dressed black skimasks and camouflage gear, emerged
  silently from the bushes, walked to their black Mercedes-Benz and withdrew
  three silencer-fitted, high-powered sniper rifles. Jogging around to the Georgian-style
  bay window of the restaurant-bar, each knelt in the gathering gloom in a 15-yard
  arc 100 yards away from the windows. Looking at each other, they then took
  aim at their pre-determined targets &ndash; Dr. Byron Lord, surgeon, and Michael
  and Sheila Baker, hotel proprietors &ndash; who were dining on roast pheasant
  at a window table. Kneeling for stability five yards apart, their weapons angled
  to zero on the table's centrepiece, each marksman focused his infrared nightscope
  on the pre-selected heads of the two men and attractive woman. Two seconds
  passed, then . . . "Shoot!" the centre man said softly, as three shots rang
  out as a single Thuk  ! Instantly, Dr. Lord fell back,
  dead in his chair, as a 7.62 mm round passed through his formerly ice-cold-blue,
  right eye, ripped through his brain and exited through the left rear of his
  skull; Michael Baker died 2.5 seconds later as the left-hand assassin's slug
  tore through his tuxedo, piercing his cold heart into eternal stillness, while
  the bullet from the right-hand rifleman's weapon tore the cute pug nose off
  his wife, Sheila. Bright-red blood gushed down Mrs. Baker's face onto her formal
  black evening gown and cleavage, dripping in a small rivulet to the floor as
  she watched the three assassins walk casually into the restaurant. One strode
  quickly to the body of Dr. Lord and fired the remaining 14 rounds of his magazine, thuk,
  thuk, thuk  . . . , into the surgeon's bloody face. With rimming-red
  vision, Sheila watched as another rifleman stepped up to her husband's body,
  lying four ft. away, and also emptied 14 rounds into his bloodstained white
  front.  
She gasped as the third, heaviest man came up to her, still seated at the
  table, and felt the cool muzzle-mounted silencer nestle against her lower lip. "Fush
  yock . . . ." she choked, as a brilliant yellow flash extinguished her lights
  and sounds forever. Catherine and Joanne were asleep in their sumptuous bedrooms
  and the men had already left, as quickly and quietly as they came. They awoke
  and got dressed and downstairs at the time indicated in their one-page OpOrder.
  Arriving together in the dining room, Joanne announced: "Dinner is not being
  served. Well, these kooks have bought it. And that's a good thing, I guess.
  Now where's that goddam firepit again, Catherine? "Jeez, I hope we didn't forget
  the dynamite and avgas for these stiffs again like that last time." "No it's
  still in the car, Kate," Joanne replied. "Wamme go get it?"  
"Yeah, let's get this shit over with while it's still dark. That friggin'
  hole back there is 25 - 35-ft. deep so no one is going to see the flames out
  to sea, anyway; too foggy. And the backhoe should still be there &ndash; at
  least it better be." Three hours later the dynamited, incinerated remains of
  Ned Fianders, Dr. Byron Lord and Mrs. And Mrs. Michael Baker lay at the bottom
  of the deep, narrow firepit that was being backfilled by Catherine, directed
  by Joanne, with a Ford backhoe. The job done and the pit tamped down with the
  backhoe's front bucket, Catherine drove the machine to the cliff, a quarter-mile
  away, put a weight on the gas pedal, jumped off skilfully and the rig crashed
  into the 600-ft.-deep Atlantic Ocean with four distant clangs and bangs. "Let's
  go back in," Joanne said. "I'm freezin' out here. Cor, northern Scotland is
  cold this time of year. And they say it's supposed to be nice up here. Ha!"  
Inside the dining room, they avoided the broken glass and looked at the scene
  of broken glass, messy table-linen, cutlery and flatware. Pools of congealing
  blood, cerebral grey matter and other human tissue stained the polished oak
  floor. "Yuck, what a mess," Joanne said, diverting her head. "The OpOrd says
  the 'third wave' will be in tomorrow to clean up the place and do a thorough
  walkthrough to ensure the coppers don't sniff a trail. Now, let's go down and
  see how Mrs. Metcalfe and Mrs. MacPeak &ndash; I think that're their names &ndash; are
  doing." En route to the dungeon-cell suite, Catherine and Joanne paused to
  listen as a van pulled into the driveway, on schedule, to drop off a pile of
  specially-cut sheets of two-in.-thick, dense, blue styrofoam and two locking
  black, fibreglass shipping crates. Another small white cube van followed, that
  driver got out and left in the first vehicle. Silence fell again. "Well, the
  packagings got here," Catherine said to Joanne, as they passed the open front
  door to look at the trunks and styrofoam. "Let's go and see Isabel and Moira." They
  walked down the nearby short flight of stairs into the cellblock, down the
  short corridor and left into the cell that held Isabel and Moira. All medical
  gear would be cleared out tomorrow, they knew, so they paid close attention
  to their prisoners. Moira and Isabel were groggy but conscious, stretched out
  on their gurneys underneath lightly bloodstained sheets. Petrified, they lay
  perfectly still, looking at the pistol-packing figures of Kate and Joanne with
  fear and anger. Ten-ft. chains still tethered their collars to ringbolts but
  they could move their arms and legs as freely as their handcuffs and ankle
  chains would allow &ndash; a sign that circulation had restored and the drugs
  were wearing off nicely. "Well, you two," Catherine said, "you're coming with
  us on a nice, long trip tomorrow. To some place called Ushwant." Isabel's eyes
  opened suddenly and tears sprang. Only three months ago she had been kidnapped,
  hogtied and delivered there. (See Through Night to Light)  
Moira moaned softly through her gaping mouth, recognizing the name immediately
  from Isabel's story. "You probably have seen enough of these cells to last
  a lifetime," Joanne piped in. "They give me the creeps, so I think we'll take
  you upstairs and fasten your chains to one of the beds up there. How does that
  suit?" Isabel and Moira looked at each other and nodded their assent, sadly
  recalling their stay upstairs in much more pleasant circumstances. "Right-eo,
  here we go," Kate said lightly, lifting Isabel's sheet to look at her piercings
  and chains casually. "Cor, I hope you guys can walk because I don't feel like
  carrying you all the way up there; not after what we just had to do back there
  in the north 40." "Can you talk?" Joanne asked Moira. "Mmnn" (no). "OK, I get
  the hint." Catherine and Joanne looked round the small cell and found the keys
  to Isabel's and Moira's neck chains and unlocked them from the ringbolts. "Upsy," Catherine
  said to Isabel. "And careful now. You've got quite a bit of steel hanging off
  you now so I don't want you to injure any of your nice parts. My, what lovely
  boobs that doctor gave you girls. They must be awfully heavy, though. "Too
  bad he's dead."  
Moira and Isabel looked at each other in shock and Isabel looked closer at
  Moira, realizing, with a start, her body felt the same as Moira looked. Too
  afraid to look at their bodies underneath the sheets for the past several hours,
  both now looked at their huge, new bustlines, the added chains, rings and shackles,
  and gasped through their perfectly O-shaped mouths. They looked down, as saliva
  drooped from their gaping mouths, and could not see their feet &ndash; pendulous,
  48-G breasts, topped with extremely-sensitive, chained-together nipples, blocked
  their downward glances.  
Both women, red with embarrassment at seeing each other's nudity for the
  first time, and in such terrifying circumstances, had to straighten their shoulders
  consciously as they stood for the first time in 12 hours. Their unfamiliar,
  saline-filled breasts weighed five pounds each and tugged heavily at their
  pectoral muscles and shoulders. Isabel's still-pendulous, new breasts wobbled
  against the chain and she felt the familiar, now-unpleasant, tug against her
  nipple rings. Moira's heavy breasts also swung in tandem, gracefully, side
  to side, as she swung her chained legs over the edge of the gurney. "Oo-mm-ff" (ow),
  Moira cried, as the nipple-ring chain tugged hard at her long, sensitive nipples.
  Moira's slight frame now was extremely top-heavy with a 10-pound bustline --
  increased by four cup sizes and 12 inches -- which threw her centre of gravity
  way off. The breast augmentations had given Isabel and Moira larger, heavier
  bustlines but the implants had not significantly altered the natural teardrop
  symmetry or graceful sway of their lovely breasts. Isabel and Moira staggered
  under the startling, new weight of their bodies and an additional 2.5 pounds
  of chains and cuffs. But they regained equilibrium by leaning back against
  their gurneys, bending their knees slightly so the chain would not tug against
  their vaginal rings. "Time for you gals to get mobile," Joanne said cheerily. "Here,
  I'll lock your tethers together and you can run along upstairs," she said,
  unlocking their chains from the wall ringbolts and locking the ends together
  to form a 20-ft. tether between their collars. "Run, or hop, along upstairs
  and wait for us in the lobby; we'll be up for you momentarily." Isabel and
  Moira hobbled gingerly out of the cell, each holding a portion of their long
  tether in their chained hands, as they bent slightly at the waist to ease their
  ankle chains' tension on their pussy rings.  
'Run along,' Isabel groaned to herself. 'Who does she think we are? I talked
  to my boys like that 16 years ago.' Isabel then pledged she would get even
  with these two arrogant women at whatever cost as Catherine and Joanne embraced
  each with loving kisses and caresses in the cellblock as they heard Isabel
  and Moira clink and rattle down the hallway. "I love the way those two look
  all chained up," Catherine said to Joanne, leaning against Moira's gurney. "Kinda
  turns me on and I wouldn't mind seeing you like that someday. "Maybe," Joanne
  replied. "We'll see, once this job is over. Let's look at some of this gear
  here, first, though. Wow, they really did a number on those two, didn't they?" Isabel
  and Moira made their painful way up the short flight of stairs, breasts jostling
  and tugging, vaginal rings pulling at each gasping stride, to reach the lobby
  in about one minute. The same walk would have taken 15 seconds yesterday. Reaching
  the lobby, the profoundly sad strains of Renee Fleming's "September," from
  Richard Strauss' 4 Last Songs  , greeted them from the
  dining-room sound system. Isabel and Moira dropped their long neck tether to
  the floor with a clatter as they looked out the open front door into the dark,
  northern Scotland night, saw the trunks and styrofoam and realized escape was
  futile. It had taken them a full minute to walk what otherwise would have taken
  seconds and they were naked, chained, gagged, miles from anywhere. The dark
  and cold reached their naked bodies and they shivered inconsolably. Isabel
  and Moira started to sob, their shoulders shaking with soft clinks of chain,
  their heavy breasts quaking painfully. Isabel's face, still beautiful despite
  her gag-distorted mouth, turned to the dining room again as Renata Tebaldi
  and Carlo Bergonzi began Giacomo Puccini's incredibly beautiful duet, "Si.
  Mi chiamano Mimi . . . O soave fanciulla," from La Boheme  .
  Tears started again as she recognized her favorite lovesong and stood, enthralled,
  her chains made instantly weightless by the timeless music that professed undying
  love.  
"Brrii-nn-gg, brrii-nn-gg," the registration desk's telephone rang suddenly
  at the rear of the lobby, startling Isabel out of her reverie. "Mmooofffwha!" (What
  is that?) Moira gasped, as they both turned toward the noise that interrupted
  the opera music. "Brrii-nn-gg, brrii-nn-gg." Moira looked at Isabel as if to
  say, 'What do we do now?' "Aaa-hhh-aaa" (I'll answer it), Isabel replied, tugging
  her friend by the chain toward the desk. Isabel picked up the clumsy Scottish
  receiver from the cradle with their chained hands and held it to her right
  ear with both hands. "HAAAA!" (help), she said, as loudly and clearly as she
  could. Her cry was only heard as an exhalation. "Hello? Hello?" said the voice
  at the other end. Isabel recognized Peter's voice right away. "Hello? Who's
  this?" "Ha-aaa-kkka!" (help, Peter), Isabel replied. "My name's Peter Metcalfe
  and I am looking for Isabel Metcalfe who should be there tonight? Can you connect
  me, please?" "Aahh-iiff-eee-rrr" (help us; it's me, Peter). "Blast, this must
  be a bad connection. Hello? I can't make you out. I'll call back again when
  the line is clear. Thank you. Good night, whoever you are." Click. Mmmm. He
  had hung up. Isabel stared, dumbfounded, at the receiver, as the Puccini aria
  soared to its climax. She had just talked to her husband, so near yet so far;
  rescue could have been at hand, but he did not recognize her voice. Moira's
  and Isabel's despair and plight suddenly deepened. "Ah-ha! What are you two
  slaves up to with that phone?" Catherine announced from the head of the dungeon
  stairs. She had watched the whole thing, laughing to herself. "C'mere, Joanne,
  and see what these slaves have been up to." Moira and Isabel thought they were
  about to be beaten &ndash; or worse. Isabel and Moira jumped back in clatters
  and tugs of chain as Joanne took aim at the phone with her Walther PPK semiautomatic,
  slamming three rounds -- crack! crack! crack!  -- through
  the set and receiver. The phone was dead. Isabel and Moira had put their cuffed
  hands to their ears but the crashing noise was still deafening.  
Cowering now in each other's arms, they became aware they would have to call
  on each other's strengths and wits to live another day at the hands of these
  psychopaths. Isabel's senses reeled as she heard the term &ndash; slave &ndash; used
  to describe her status for the first time. "Hllvv?" (Slave?) Isabel said, as
  she shuffled painfully over to Catherine and Joanne, who were standing at the
  doorway with their backs turned. Isabel pulled Moira reluctantly along behind
  her by the tether. The two kidnappers turned to face the chained women and
  Isabel's mouth worked painfully around the steel gag. "Fff-nnn-ssshhh!" (We're
  not slaves!) Isabel shouted liquidly through her gaping mouth, lifting her
  handcuffs and shaking her chained fists furiously at them. "Fff-nnn-ssshhh!" "There,
  there, Isabel," Kate said, grabbing Isabel's wrist and nipple chains firmly
  to hold her arms still. "Chill! We know you have been through a lot today but,
  please, we request you cooperate with us for the next day or so. "It will make
  our jobs easier -- and your situations less painful &ndash; otherwise, we may
  have to resort to more-drastic measures. "Tomorrow 's going to be a long day
  so why don't we make the most of a good night's sleep. Have you two ever slept
  together? You're 'best buds', so I am fairly sure you have. If you haven't,
  you probably should get used to each other's company. I suspect you'll be close
  to each other for quite some time to come." But neither Catherine nor Joanne
  had any idea of the strength and durability of Isabel's and Moira's friendship &ndash; infinitely
  stronger than the chains that joined them &ndash; nor did they gauge the depth
  and extent of their Gaelic determination, resourcefulness and inner strength.  
The more muscular Joanne grabbed Isabel's and Moira's chain tether from the
  floor and led them slowly upstairs to the room Isabel had occupied the night
  before. The clock in Isabel's hotel room showed 11:30 p.m. as Jo. led the chained
  women to the bed and locked their tether to the neck-collar chain Isabel had
  used freely just the previous night. "Now, hop into bed and we'll get an early
  start tomorrow," Joanne said. "I'll get you a sleeping pill for a better rest.
  You probably have a lot of things to worry about now but it's more important
  you conserve your energy and strength for what lies ahead."  
Isabel and Moira looked at each other as they pulled down the neatly-made
  bed together and slid awkwardly under the covers.  
Catherine arrived with two glasses of water and two little white pills, handed
  them to Isabel and Moira, who tilted their heads back to swallow the pills
  past their gags and took drinks from the water glasses, handed back the empty
  classes and put their heads on the pillow. Catherine and Joanne snapped out
  the light, closed and locked the door from the outside as Isabel's tired eyes
  sprang wide open in the semi-dark hotel room. She saw her purse on the dresser
  table and knew she had a nail-file inside that might, just might, pick the
  lock holding their tethers to the bed. "Mm-ooo, w-waa-ff-ee" (Moira, watch
  me), Isabel said, as she wriggled out of bed, her ankle chain tugging painfully
  at her labia. I hope this chain is long enough for me to reach, Isabel thought,
  as she arranged her chains and carefully eased her way to the dresser to grab
  her purse. Gack!  ! Not quite. Moira shifted closer to
  Isabel's edge of the bed and Isabel had two-ft. more slack that allowed her
  to grab her purse. Isabel limped back to bed, sat down and looked for her nail-file.
  She found it, at the bottom among the other contents, including a lipstick,
  tissues, cigarettes, lighter, wallet, ID and a little money &ndash; and a handcuff
  key. She withdrew the key and knew it would not fit anything. All their cuffs
  were welded and she needed a padlock key.  
Undeterred, she placed the purse under the bed, where it would be found next
  day by the "third wave," and went to work on the padlock in the darkness, succeeding
  only in dulling the little file and reddening her fingers. She threw the little,
  mother-of-pearl-handled file away, unaware of its final resting spot behind
  the dresser where it would be found by a police forensics team weeks later.
  Moira looked at her friend's despairing face and started to weep with gasping
  sobs that wracked her compact, heavy-bosomed frame. They would have to accept
  whatever fate lay ahead for now. Isabel lay down and soon submitted to the
  powers of the drug she had taken 10 minutes earlier. The inky darkness of sleep
  quickly enveloped the two.  
Sunday morning dawned grey and misty over the northern coast as Catherine
  and Joanne unlocked Isabel's and Moira's door on the sumptuous, second floor
  of Hotel Balmoral. Walking over to the sleeping pair, Joanne unlocked their
  chains from their collars and shook them awake. "We've gotta get going," Joanne
  said. "The third wave will be here any time and we have to be gone by that
  time. We've got just 15 minutes, girls, so please cooperate. " Isabel and Moira
  nodded sleepily. "We are going to give you two more pills &ndash; anti-anxiety
  medication and sedatives &ndash; that will make you a little tipsy, then sleepy," Catherine
  said. "It will help us in the next phase." Isabel and Moira doubted the explanation
  but in fear of being hurt, or killed, they agreed to swallow the two pills.
  What little strength and clarity of mind they had recovered were soon dissipated
  by the meds and, moments later, their naked, shapely bodies were the consistency
  of wet ragdolls. "Perfect," Catherine said, as she lifted Moira's left arm,
  letting it flop back on the bed again. Catherine and Joanne then rolled Isabel
  and Moira onto their stomachs and blindfolded them with thin, black felt taped
  over their eyes with 20 wrappings of industrial plastic black tape. "This is
  really overkill, you know, Kate," as Joanne finished wrapping Isabel's head. "Yeah,
  I know. Three wraps of this heavy, sticky stuff would have been enough for
  anyone. But the OpOrd says 20. Oh well," Kate replied, as she finished the
  18th wrap around Moira's flopping head. The kidnappers then carried Isabel
  and Moira, inert, bound, gagged, and chastity-pierced, downstairs and carefully
  lay them on the lobby floor to work their arms down past their feet and up
  behind their backs, wire-hogtie their ankle and wrist cuffs together and snap
  small locks through their nipple rings -- for the heck of it &ndash; said Joanne.
  They then placed the nearly-doubled up women inside the packing cases and slid
  16 pre-cut styrofoam sheets, with holes cut to fit over their hogtied forms,
  down over them, encasing them into immobility inside the 8-cu.-ft. trunks.
  The lids were slammed shut over the styrofoam, locks closed and the whole wrapped
  with two-in.-wide nylon straps.  
Prestwick Airport labels were placed conspicuously and in less than two minutes,
  Catherine and Joanne had Isabel and Moira loaded into the back of the cube
  van and en route to Prestwick Airport &ndash; five hours away &ndash; passing
  a small minivan with six passengers as they left Hotel Balmoral for good. The
  meds and events of the past 24 hours combined to put Isabel and Moira into
  a euphoria that led to drowsiness and stupor but not unconsciousness. Their
  bodies lurched as the trunks were manhandled off the van at Prestwick Airport,
  at 1 p.m., Sunday, Sept. 7, but they were totally unaware of where they were
  or what was happening. The trunks passed through the baggage-handling area &ndash; x-ray
  machines had been ordered but not installed &ndash; were sorted, tied together
  and loaded onto a small, twin-engine charter jet in the general-aviation area
  by strong, tattooed hands of the Prestwick baggage handlers. Isabel and Moira
  awoke to black panic and bizarre sensations in their bodies as their nipple
  chains vibrated against them to the loud drone of the fuselage-mounted, small
  RollsRoyce jet engines immediately outside the aircraft hull from where their
  trunks were anchored to the deck. Communication was impossible inside the styrofoam
  so they lay there quietly, softly moaning, listening and wondering what was
  going to happen next. Minutes turned to half-hours, then hours, as the little
  jet flew south across England, over the English Channel into European airspace
  then due south across France to the Mediterranean, then altered southeast to
  Ushwant, East Africa. Moira and Isabel thought they were dreaming but when
  they heard the nylon straps being cut away and the trunk lids unlocked, they
  were snapped back to reality. The dense styrofoam sheets were squeaked up over
  their bodies and Catherine and Joanne's strong hands and arms pulled the two
  captives out easily and lay them on the carpeted deck to undo their painful
  hogties. "Hi, Isabel and Moira," Joanne said cheerfully. "We're over the Med.
  now and we have about two more hours of flying time before Ushwant. Thought
  you might like to get out and stretch your legs."  
Isabel and Moira heard and felt their wires being cut away and their nipple
  rings unlocked before feeling sharp medical scissors cut away the black tape
  holding their blindfolds in place. Their eyes unbound, they blinked hard to
  focus. It took a couple of minutes before the black-garbed figures of their
  kidnappers became clear. Catherine and Joanne each pulled Isabel and Moira
  to their feet and guided them to a pair of first-class accommodation seats
  facing each other several feet away. A long chain, rove through a ringbolt
  between the chairs, would ensure they didn't stray. Isabel and Moira were seated
  in the large, comfortable chairs and their collars locked with the common chain.
  Isabel and Moira looked at each other with open mouths and tried to get their
  bearings. "No more heavy meds for you guys," Joanne advised. "Just water, ice
  chips, antibiotics and some acetaminophen with codeine for the next couple
  of hours." Catherine brought them large glasses of icewater, some powerful
  antibiotics and two Tylox painkillers each. Isabel and Moira tilted their heads
  back, put in the pills with both hands, took a big swallow of icewater. Calming
  down with the drowsing effect of the 60 mg codeine in their painkillers, Catherine
  brought each woman a hand mirror and Joanne began: "I spoke to the doctor who
  was responsible, up to his death last night, for the conditions you in which
  you find yourself this afternoon. In case you have not yet made your own discoveries,
  this is what happened: "Saturday morning, you were drugged, taken to the cell
  block where your collars, handcuffs and leg shackles, which are of tungsten-steel
  alloy, were welded; except your ankles, Isabel. "By the way, I have never seen
  a pair like yours before; they are a nice piece of work. Your vaginas were
  closed by piercing rings which have been attached to your ankle chains and
  your nipples, as you know, pierced and chained. "You also have received breast
  augmentation and, this is kinda hard to tell you guys, your mouths are propped
  open with steel rings that also have been surgically implanted. "Catherine
  and I have captured and transported a large number of women, younger and older
  than you, into white slavery during the past five years .  
"And we have never seen women in such extensive bondage as yours. We, as
  professional kidnappers, are trained in subduing, binding, gagging and shipping
  women for the slavery cartel that employs us and your bonds are, clearly, the
  most-impressive display of steel bondage we have ever seen. "Right, Kate?" "Indubitably." "Let
  me add," Joanne continued, "that we have observed the degree to which you have
  accepted your chains thus far &ndash; chains are forever, you know &ndash; but
  we are also cognizant of the well-known Scottish characteristics of self-determination,
  self-reliance and inner strength that suggest to us you probably are seeking
  any, and all, means of escape and flight and will do what you can to seek and
  exercise retribution at the earliest.  
"We have, therefore, forewarned your prospective buyers and I am advising
  you that you will be treated as 'extreme flight risks' on arrival and that
  your bondage may be even more severe when we arrive at Ushwant in a little
  less than two hours from now. Remember, this nation has been known to the slave
  trade for centuries and they invented bondage. I understand some guy wants
  to buy you as 'beasts of burden', whatever that means. "Kate, do you have anything
  to add?" No, thanks, Jo.," Catherine replied, "you're doing just fine. I would
  just like Isabel and Moira to know it was a business doing pleasure with them.
  And I hope they have a safe and comfortable journey." The two sardonic captors
  left to head to the cockpit to radio more pre-arrival arrangements for Isabel's
  and Moira's dispositions. They looked forward to their weekend off next week.
  Isabel and Moira stirred in their chairs and looked at each other. "Eff-eem-ff-rr-sshh?" (Extreme
  flight risks?), Isabel managed to slur to Moira, her eyes widening incredulously.
  Moira shrugged her shoulders. "How could they possibly consider us 'flight
  risks'?" Isabel thought to herself. "We're thousands of miles from home, our
  chains are welded, we can scarcely move, we're gagged, naked, our pussies have
  been ringed shut and we don't speak the language. How are we flight risks?"  
Isabel wheezed a sigh and lifted the mirror from her lap to her face with
  joined hands and looked in awe at her gaping, O-shaped mouth that expressed
  continual astonishment. She angled the mirror to peer inside her mouth and
  could only see the silvery gleam of the circular gag wired to the interstices
  between her upper and lower canine teeth and premolars. Otherwise, everything
  looked fairly normal. Moira put the mirror to her face and immediately dropped
  it, looking at Isabel with a mixture of despair and embarrassment. She was
  proud of her Scottish good looks and could not bear to look at what that mad
  surgeon had done to her mouth. She placed her chained hands on her heavy breasts
  and felt the nipple-ring chain. She then hefted her new, 48G appendages and
  gasped her astonishment at their weight and size. They were going to flop,
  bounce and cause all sorts of back pain, now and in the future, she thought
  sadly. Her hands glided to her vagina and she gingerly traced the heavy, steel
  rings that pierced her labia. "Mmm," she moaned quietly, leaning back to the
  full length of her neck chain. Watching, Isabel crossed her knees delicately
  then immediately uncrossed them when the rings dug into the fresh pierces.
  They felt for their chairbacks' release button and angled them back for a nap
  as their long chain rasped through the ringbolt in the floor. Isabel Metcalfe
  and Moira MacPeak closed their eyes and dozed while the misty coast of Africa
  loomed on the horizon ahead. Slavery was just an hour away. "Put on your seatbelts,
  girls, and ensure your chairbacks are in the fully upright position," Catherine
  announced moments later. "We're on the Ushwanti airfield radar and will be
  landing in about 25 minutes." Isabel and Moira fumbled for their seatbelts
  and snapped them in place over their naked hips. They were ready. Soon, the
  floor dipped, the pitch of the engine noise changed and the little jet started
  to tremble and bounce as it descended through thermal layers and cloud. The
  cabin darkened slightly and sunlight soon streamed through the cabin windows
  again as the altimeter unwound with the jet's descent. They knew they were
  minutes from touchdown.  
Their ears popped easily with their propped-open mouths and, soon, they felt
  the thuds as the landing gear's wheels rolled along the dusty airfield's gravel
  runway. The bouncing, lurching ride down the mile-long runway bounced their
  big boobs about painfully and Isabel and Moira had to grab them with their
  small hands to ease the painful tugs on their nipple rings. Soon the rapid
  jarring slowed as the plane reached the taxiway and slowed to brake precisely
  on a gravel apron. They were here. Wherever here was.  
MEANWHILE . . . Four-thousand miles away, at exactly the same time, Peter
  Metcalfe picked up the phone in the living room of their country home in western
  Scotland. "Peter? It's Graham," said the voice at the other end. "Have you
  heard from Isabel and Moira? My wife should have called by now and I haven't
  heard a word. Have you?" "Graham, I was going to call you last night. I placed
  a call to Hotel Balmoral and all I got from the other end were some gasps and
  other airy sounds. I couldn't make out a single word so said I would call back
  later. And when I did, after a minute, the line was dead. So I am just as puzzled
  as you." "Peter, if we don't hear in the next 24 hours, I think we should notify
  the police. And Scotland Yard. I don't like this at all and this is not like
  my Moira at all." "I agree, Graham. I'll call you first thing tomorrow, or
  if I hear anything before then." Right-o, Peter. 'Bye for now." Isabel and
  Moira looked over their left shoulders as they head a hollow metallic thunk  as
  the portable stairway was pushed against the jet's exit hatch. Catherine and
  Joanne unlocked the curved exit panel and slid it sideways. The brilliant early
  September sunshine of Ushwant, East Africa, bathed the interior of the aircraft
  and it was the last sight the captive women, still held down by their seatbelts,
  would see for hours.  
Each sat still and silent as Catherine and Joanne again applied felt pads
  and 20 wraps of industrial-plastic tape over their eyes and around their brunette
  hair above their ears.  
The kidnappers then moved in front of the two and kneeled down to lock their
  handcuff chains to their upper vaginal rings, ensuring they could not lift
  their hands above hip level. "They're ready," Joanne said. "Undo their seatbelts
  and let's get them to their prospective owners." Isabel and Moira shuddered
  at that information but sat perfectly still. They were determined to be as
  compliant as possible &ndash; to avoid a beating &ndash; but both were waiting
  for the chance to escape somehow. Their present circumstance did not afford
  any opportunity but they were Scots -- resourceful, determined and vigilant &ndash; despite
  their blindfolds, gags, chains and shackles. "We'll get out of this somehow," Isabel
  silently promised herself, while Moira hoped her friend would collaborate in
  the idea she had developed in the past hour: she and, she hoped, Isabel, could
  bribe one or more of their captors with sex, the only bargaining chip they
  had at the moment, to loosen a chain or leave a door unlocked. The success
  of the ploy was in immediate doubt, however, given the very determined natures
  and single-mindedness of their captors. Anyway, it was just a thought, Moira
  said to herself, trying to ease her tension as she heard Catherine unlock her
  neck chain from her collar, pull it out of the ringbolt in the floor and reattach
  it again, allowing Isabel and herself to stand and shuffle out of the plane.
  Joanne and Catherine took Isabel and Moira firmly by the left upper arm and
  guided them up and out of their comfortable chairs toward the door to the stairway. "There're
  18 steps down and the angle is quite steep, Isabel and Moira," said Joanne,
  in the lead. "We'll keep holding your arms so you don't trip. Count them &ndash; 18 &ndash; and
  you will then be on the gravel of the airstrip. There's a small air terminal
  building here but you are not going there; I see your limousine has arrived."  
Isabel and Moira took their terrified, tentative steps forward, chained together
  at the neck and their handcuffs attached to their vaginal rings, making them
  walk stooped forward like convicted felons. Isabel started to descend the warm,
  aluminum-alloy stairs and felt the heat on the bare soles of her feet.  
Four-ft. behind her, Moira followed, making a racket as the combined chatter
  of their ankle chains could be heard for a half-mile in the silent stillness
  of the desert afternoon. Their bare, chained ankles and feet stirred little
  swirls of dust in the African gravel as they clinked their way barefoot across
  the aircraft apron to the waiting limo, guided by Catherine and Joanne. Their
  descent into slavery had begun.  
Ushwant Prison, with its 15th-Century African chains, dark stone walls and
  huge fortress/dungeon ramparts and buttresses, overlooked the Indian Ocean
  as it did for nearly 600 years. It had seen many women and slaves come and
  go through its portcullis while it stood as a sinister sentinel of slavery.
  Mrs. Isabel Metcalfe and Mrs. Moira MacPeak were to be its latest thralls.
  Back in Scotland, no one at the woollen mill or in the University of Edinburgh
  had any idea where Isabel and Moira were &ndash; and the two women had no idea
  where they were going &ndash; as they were led to the long, low black limo
  at the side of the dusty, remote air terminal building on the eastern edge
  of the Ushwant desert. "You get in first, Isabel, slide over; you're going
  in the back seat; then you, Moira, squeeze in after her," Joanne said. The
  two chained women slid awkwardly across the leather-upholstered back seat,
  their wrist chains tugging painfully at their nether regions as their bare
  rumps squeaked over the cool, brown surface.  
Catherine and Joanne reached across them to fasten seatbelts over the chained
  women's laps, securing their handcuffs, still attached to their rings, even
  more securely. They were enfolded in darkness in the cool, expensive interior
  of the slavery-cartel's expensive VIP limo and sat, leaning against each other
  as best they could, for comfort and just to let the other know she was still
  there. Moira mmmppphhh  ed futilely through her open mouth
  and Isabel turned her head to try and determine what was going on. Their blindfolds
  were impossible to remove so they had no idea who might be looking at them,
  where they were, or what was going to happen next.  
They heard the driver's side door latch open, heard someone get in behind
  the wheel, with a small rustle of chain, followed by the solid, expensive-sounding whump  as
  the driver's door closed again. Someone was inside the vehicle with them. "Good
  afternoon, ladies," a cheery African voice greeted them. "My name is Olive
  and I will be your driver for the next two hours. Sit back and enjoy the trip.
  Do you want me to turn the radio on? OK. There's BBC-2."  
The bouncy strains of the overture to Gioachino Rossini's opera, Italian   Girl
      in Algiers  , filled the car interior as Olive started the powerful
      V-8 engine and they were off in a cloud of dust and fine gravel that clinked
      and clattered against the fenders. "You girls are from Scotland, I understand." Olive
      said, looking in the rear-view mirror at Isabel's and Moira's astonished,
      blindfolded faces. "I'm told you are being sold into slavery. Well, that's
      no big surprise; you're the 4th and 5th women I've driven to Ushwant prison
      this month for what they call 'reception, sale and dispatch'." Moira and
      Isabel looked toward each other fearfully as Olive chatted away nonchalantly. "I'm
      a slave, too, by the way. I know you can't see me, maybe you never will,
      but I'm 27, I'm chained, but obviously not as severely as you. And I even
      have clothes &ndash; jean skirt and a T-shirt today -- which is considerably
      more than I had when my mother, Olivia, my two sisters and I were sold
      into slavery 11 years ago.  
"My ankles were chained when I was 18 years of age and I have not been able
  to take a full step ever since. But I can do so many things in chained ankles
  that it really doesn't bother me anymore to be chained all the time. How about
  you two? Have you been chained a long time? "I have had the same owners for
  the past nine years and they have taken good care of me," she chattered on,
  as the miles slipped past. "I graduated from college through correspondence
  courses, majoring in English and sociology; I recently got my driver's licence
  and I've been looked after well physically, emotionally and, well, sexually,
  too. Now, I know you can't speak so I'll just clam up for now. I'll check in
  with you when we get closer to the prison."  
Isabel was taken aback by Olive's articulation and candor and wondered if
  they would be treated half as well. The two-hour car ride was uneventful and
  Isabel and Moira, tired of tugging against their chains and trying to slip
  their handcuffs down over their wrist bones, tried to look through windows
  to their sides, seeing nothing except absolute blackness assured by their blindfolds,
  as the big car glided effortlessly across the desert. Suddenly it jolted onto
  a two-lane, paved coastal road and Isabel and Moira lurched about like marionettes
  against their seatbelts and chains. A smooth and even hour's drive later, they
  noticed the air temperature had cooled somewhat; they must be nearing the ocean,
  Isabel thought, feeling a tepid dampness on her body that the limousine's air
  conditioning could not dispel. They felt the car going uphill and, suddenly,
  brake to a gentle stop. Darkness and ocean mist swathed the enormous walls,
  buttresses and iron portcullis of Ushwant Prison that barred the limo's way
  to the gravel courtyard inside. Two Ushwanti guards walked around the car,
  glanced in at Isabel and Moira, checked Olive's papers, driver's licence and
  registration and signalled the driver to enter the courtyard.  
The barred gateway creaked open, the limo moved forward and the grinding
  crash of the portcullis closing behind them with a solid clang told Isabel
  and Moira they were indeed behind bars &ndash; their first-ever imprisonment &ndash; and
  they were sorely, deeply afraid. "End of the road, guys," Olive chirped. "Here,
  I'll help you out." Olive got out easily, despite her ankle chains, opened
  Isabel's door, unlocked her neck tether, unbuckled her seatbelt and helped
  her out of the vehicle by her shoulder and handcuff chain; she then clinked
  around the vehicle and assisted Moira the same way. The two Scotswomen stood
  10-ft. apart, looking blindly in opposite directions, while Olive clinked back
  into the limo, turned around, drove up to the gateway, stopped while it clanked
  and creaked open and drove away into the African night. Isabel Metcalfe and
  Moira MacPeak stood alone in the middle of the large, gravel courtyard, silent,
  chained, gagged and blindfolded. Moira suddenly knelt in front of Isabel and
  put her head near Isabel's chained hands.  
"Ss-ff-hh-ee, Ifff-lll" (it's my face, Isabel), she said, as Isabel felt
  around Moira's head with her close-chained hands to find seams in the black
  tape. She found the top two wraps and started picking with her index fingernails.
  In about 10 minutes, Moira was unblindfolded but still unable to see clearly.
  As her vision restored, she was able to unwrap Isabel's blindfold and the two
  stood, blinking, in the gathering gloom. They then saw two armed guards walking
  toward them and they recoiled in their chains.  
"Oh, no!" Isabel said to herself. "Ohmigod!!" Moira thought. "This is it;
  we're lost, doomed and forgotten!" Lost and doomed? Yes. Forgotten? No, indeed.
  For, exactly at that time, Graham MacPeak and Peter Metcalfe were making plans
  to drive to Hotel Balmoral, near Cape Wrath, where their wives had been just
  two days ago. In the East African prison, meanwhile, the big, burly Ushwanti
  guards each took the new slaves firmly by the right arm -- they were informed
  these two were "flight risks" &ndash; and led them toward a small stone stairwell
  set in the 25-ft.-thick stone walls that overlooked a dark, moonless seacoast
  like silent sentinels of a long-bygone era.  
The old oak door creaked open and Isabel and Moira staggered inside and up
  two steep flights of hewn-stone stairs, their chains making a fearsome, chattering
  clangor that would wake the dead. The cling, ring, clang, shang,
  clang, shing  of their ankle chains shattered the eerie silence
  and echoed down the long narrow passageway, lit by feebly-guttering oil lamps
  here and there, until they came to a cellblock with long banks and rows of
  new, white-painted steel-barred cells facing each other. "You here, and you,
  over there," one of the guards ordered, as they stopped Moira and Isabel at
  mid-stride in a long, stone corridor between two rows of cages. Isabel was
  turned to her left and Moira right into cells that faced each other across
  the 10-ft.-wide passageway.  
Each newly-constructed cell, equipped only with a small metal toilet, a cot
  and small table, was well-equipped with additional chains and shackles &ndash; as
  if the Scotswomen needed to be bound even further (not) &ndash; and Isabel
  and Moira were told to walk in, turn about and face each other. Fear and anxiety
  etched into the astonished looks on their faces. "Stand still!" the other guard
  ordered in a British sergeant-major's voice from the corridor. Isabel and Moira
  stood at attention, hands cuffed by 12-in. chains to their nether-region rings.
  The two guards then entered the cells and locked heavy chains to their collars,
  each handcuff and each ankle shackle and passed loops of chain around each
  woman's waist, locking all securely in place. The guards ensured all six chains
  were fastened securely to individual ringbolts, double-checked the locks on
  their cuffs, grunted, left the cells and slammed the solid-barred celldoors
  behind them. Isabel and Moira, bound as never before with 15 pounds of heavy
  steel chain, were absolutely helpless. But the women, aged 35 and 33, were
  strong and fairly athletic &ndash; bowling, walking and hiking in Scotland
  in their spare time an age ago -- and Moira was the first to move.  
The slim, busty brunette took a tentative half-step to the rear of her 8-
  X 10-ft. cell and her chains bunched up everywhere, nearly tripping her as
  she collected a bunch of them to sit on the edge of the thin mattress. Isabel,
  watching her chained friend's progress, did the same and they sat, and sat,
  staring at their cells, their fearsome surroundings &ndash; neither had seen
  the inside of a jail, let alone a prison &ndash; and looked at each other in
  shock, anger, dismay and fear.  
Their wrists were still chained to their upper vaginal rings and they could
  hardly move. Sleep would elude them tonight. "Ooo-uuu-aaa-hhh!! Moira cried
  out in despair. "Ggg-mmm, eee-lll-eee!!" (Graham, help me) she cried, sobs
  gasping through her gaping mouth. Isabel's tears trickled off her chin onto
  her enormous breasts as she realized she and her friend had sunk to the deepest
  depths of despair and enslavement. Isabel groaned aloud when she realized suddenly
  that she had encouraged Moira to explore steel bondage as a sexual sidebar &ndash; now
  so long ago. Moira looked at her friend's pain and her eyes lightened ever
  so slightly as she tried to force a meagre smile past her steel-gagged mouth
  with its surgically-altered interior.  
Isabel nodded tacit acknowledgment of her friend's understanding and both
  pulled themselves gingerly up onto their mattresses, turned their heads away
  and dozed in the twilight of their cellblock. "Good morning, you two!" another
  infectious, African voice called out, too loudly for either Moira or Isabel. "It's
  6:30 a.m. of a Wednesday morning and time to shake out the cobwebs, get mobile,
  pardon the pun, and on with the day. "My name's Olivia, Olive's mother," said
  the statuesque, beautiful, 40-something African woman, standing in front of
  Moira's cell in three-piece business suit and chained ankles. Two-ft. of grey-silver
  chain joined her shapely ankles but she appeared and acted as though she was
  entirely free. "I'm looking after your sale today. We are expecting some 20
  or 30 buyers to look at you today and make bids to purchase you. But first,
  I have to give you these antibiotics to ensure your bodies are fighting off
  any infection and I have combs, brushes, some makeup and one mirror for you
  to doll yourself up before the Order of Business begins at 9:30." Olivia asked
  Isabel and Moira to step up to the bars of their cell doors so she could unlock
  their 12-in. handcuffs from their vaginal rings, which she did, and passed
  them their makeup kits, combs and brushes through the bars. She passed them
  one large white pill and glass of water each and Isabel and Moira tilted their
  heads back, put the pills in and swallowed them with two gulps of the fresh,
  cool spring water Olivia had given them. The powerful antibiotics coursing
  through their bodies would ensure they would be infection- and disease-free
  for the foreseeable future. "You've got one hour to get yourselves presentable;
  slaves are always kept naked so don't expect any clothing today or, most probably,
  for the rest of your lives," the business-suited Olivia said darkly. Isabel
  noted Olivia's trim ankles were chained in expensive, chrome-plated shackles
  that limited her stride to 20-in. "I'll be back about 7:30 to take you to breakfast," she
  said, as she clinked and clattered her way back down the passageway. It sounded
  to Isabel and Moira like the condemned prisoners' last meal but they looked
  at each other and opened their cosmetics bags, dumping their contents onto
  the mattress and began applying lipstick, eyeliner, eyebrow pencil and other,
  quality products to their faces.  
Their chains chattered and rustled quietly as they made their faces up as
  attractively as they could. Isabel, looking at her gagged face in the hand
  mirror, examined the results of her well-practised makeup technique and was
  reasonably satisfied, although she thought her lipstick made her mouth look
  more garish than it already was.  
"Eee-Mooo" (here, Moira), Isabel called, waving the hand mirror at her friend.
  Isabel slid the mirror across a 10-ft. corridor and watched as it slid quickly
  under the bars of her friend's cell. Moira picked up the mirror and began her
  time-honored ritual for the first time in chains. In a half-hour, both women
  had brushed and combed their hair into neat, conservative 'dos, were made up
  and listened as their stomachs growled for food. Ten minutes later, Olivia's
  chains rattled musically on the stone of the cellblock floor as she walked
  down to unleash the slave women and take them to breakfast, on schedule, at
  7:30 a.m. The sun was well up, warming the cool, damp interior of Ushwant prison,
  as Olivia unlocked Isabel's and Moira's six heavy chain tethers and escorted
  them to the prison dining area. Isabel and Moira, thoroughly astonished, were
  seated at a well-appointed table for two, complete with white linen, African
  violets, British flatware and sterling silver cutlery &ndash; settings more
  for royalty than slaves &ndash; and they looked at each other in wonder. How
  would they eat, anyway, with their mouths gagged open? Would all their meals
  be like this? Or was this just a softening-up for a far-worse fate? A white-jacketed
  waiter arrived with a trayful of orange juice, large bowls of yogurt, semi-liquid
  cream of wheat, some pureed fruit and steaming Twinings tea, which they detected
  right away. He placed each dish in front of Isabel and Moira -- who thought
  for a moment they were in the Savoy -- and walked away silently. The two women
  looked at their breakfasts and dug in, their handcuffs hindering them only
  slightly, as they struggled not to choke on their juice and yogurt. The key,
  they learned, was to keep their heads slightly back, hold their breaths and
  take small swallows. It took them a while but they were able to ingest their
  juice, then yogurt, followed by the cream of wheat and tea. They tried to savor
  their cups of tea in chained hands but could not get in the mood; they were
  still too afraid of what lay ahead.  
The waiter reappeared, refilled their teacups and disappeared again. Isabel
  and Moira sipped at their tea in disbelief at this display of civility in such
  barbarity &ndash; this irony could only get worse, they suspected &ndash; but
  they took best advantage of the delicious tea and breakfast. Olivia reappeared
  and said they would have 10 minutes to go to the bathroom in preparation for
  the morning events. Isabel and Moira rose as one from the table, their ankle
  chains tugging against their pussy rings, and clinked and clashed behind Olivia
  as she took them to a bathroom down the hallway from the dining room. Isabel
  and Moira went in, relieved themselves awkwardly around their pussy rings and
  checked their appearances in the bathroom's tall mirrors. Isabel thought she
  looked like a fantasy dream woman. Moira was aghast at her blatant sexuality,
  with "everything on display," particularly her big breasts and red-lipped,
  open mouth these are powerful invitations to any man &ndash; or woman -- she
  thought suddenly. Her sex-for-freedom gambit flashed back to mind for an instant.  
THE AUCTION "Time's up, girls," Olivia called from outside. "Let's get a
  move on." Isabel and Moira turned, looked at each other, forced a stoic smile
  at one another, exited the bathroom and followed Olivia again to a small auditorium
  with rows of stacking chairs arranged in a shallow arc in front of a raised
  platform with two sturdy chains hanging down from ceiling-mounted ringbolts.
  The three women's ankle chains made a fearsome clatter as they mounted the
  10-ft.-square platform. "You're centre stage," Olivia said, as she guided them
  to the centre of the plywood stage. "Stop here." She locked the chains onto
  their collars and Isabel and Moira would have to stand for the next two hours
  while they were viewed and questioned by prospective buyers from around the
  world. Olivia clinked casually over to the side of the platform and adjusted
  a microphone.  
At her signal, the buyers started to trickle in and Isabel and Moira avoided
  their glances, comments and stares, preferring to look at the floor, the ceiling,
  their hands or each other. After 10 minutes, a total of 40 buyers &ndash; 32
  men and eight women &ndash; had been seated and Olivia began:  
"Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Ushwant prison. My name is
  Olivia and I will be the auctioneer and sales agent for the two fine specimens
  you see here. "Isabel, on your left, is 35 years of age, a mother of two, well-educated,
  physically fit and is chained, rendered chaste, gagged and shackled in accordance
  with standard operating procedures of the slavery organization that owns me
  and operates out of this prison. "This well-endowed Scotswoman who, incidentally,
  was chained in those extraordinary ankle chains she is wearing before she was
  observed by us and kidnapped, will be an asset to any household or institution
  in Africa, Europe, Great Britain, the United States or anywhere in the world. "The
  Scottish work ethic is renowned for its perspicacity and she is, therefore,
  highly recommended to your discernment. Bidding for Isabel starts at 500,000
  pounds sterling, ladies and gentlemen. Now, Isabel's equally well-endowed colleague,
  Moira, is a 33-year-old mother of two, a Scottish millworker, physically fit,
  with a clever, agile mind, apparently, and she also is chained, shackled and
  gagged in accordance with the SOPs and requirements of this prison. She also
  was chained before seen by our agents and has taken well to her steel bondage.
  Bidding for Moira also starts at half-a-million pounds sterling. They made
  be sold singly or together and I am recommending them to you as a 'matched
  pair'. "Please use the numbered cards you were given to enter your bids which
  must be written on the pads that have been provided. This will preclude any
  confusion, shouting and cross-bidding and will improve efficiency as well as
  your satisfaction with our administrative procedures. Thank you for your attention.
  If there are no questions, then, I am very pleased now to open the floor to
  accept bids, starting at 1,000,000 pounds for the pair, 500,000 pounds for
  either Isabel or Moira, of Scotland."  
Isabel and Moira had never been assessed as commodities for purchase and
  were amazed at the stellar prices called out by Olivia. They also wondered
  at her choice of noun to describe their work ethic. "No. 138," Olivia said. "Five-hundred
  and 10-thousand pounds for Moira." "No. 88, 515,000 pounds for Isabel. "No.
  44, the woman at the far left, one-million pounds for the pair. "No. 9, one-million,
  ten-thousand pounds for the pair." Pause. "Turn them around, please, " a cultured
  voice called from the rear. "Please turn around, girls," Olivia asked. Moira
  and Isabel shuffled around, their chains clinking and swaying, nearly tilting
  them off balance as their breasts swayed and bobbed invitingly. Murmurs of
  admiration and appreciation arose from the small crowd and Isabel and Moira
  blushed crimson. "Have they been beaten, Olivia?" a woman asked. "I see no
  marks." "No, no. 44, they have not; they have been very compliant." "Turn 'em
  'round agin," asked an American man with a Texan drawl. "Purty please? "Any
  brands on 'em -- like my Longhorns back home?" "No, they are unmarked. But
  they can be branded if the buyer wishes to place his or her monogram or cipher
  on them." Isabel and Moira turned around, unbidden, and, a strange, erotic
  mood overtaking them, placed their hands at hip level, pulling their handcuffs
  taut, to display their ringed and chained pussies. Gasps of astonishment from
  men and women alike arose from the audience "No. 45, one-million, one-hundred-thousand
  pounds." The auctioneer paused to gauge the audience's hushed reaction of soft
  whistles, gasps and murmurs. Olivia looked around. "Any further bids, please?
  Any further bids? "Going once, going twice . . . sold to no. 45, Isabel and
  Moira, of Scotland, for 1,100,000 pounds sterling, payable today." Ladies and
  gentlemen, this transaction has been completed. The gentleman with card no.
  45 is requested to meet with me and the witnesses in the office just next door
  to sign the agreement of sale. "You are welcome to come onto the stage and
  chat with Isabel and Moira while refreshments are being readied for you in
  the dining room. Thank you. No. 45, please?" Individually and in pairs and
  threes, members of the audience walked onto the stage to look at Moira and
  Isabel who had nowhere to turn. "Where are you from?" a woman of Isabel's age
  asked Moira. "Ffo-lnd" (Scotland), Moira replied, looking away. "Are those
  beautiful breasts yours? Or are they implants?" a man, in his 50s, asked Isabel.  
"Hrr-mm-pp-tt-ff . . . nn-tt-rrtt-bgg" (they're implants . . . and they're
  too big), Isabel replied. "Where did you get those special ankle chains, Isabel?" another
  woman asked. "I don't see any locks, rivets or bolts. How are they secured?" "Hh-dd-nn-tt-cc-mm-nnfff,
  vvrr" (they don't come off, ever) Isabel sighed, looking away. A variety of
  other questions, ranging from sex in bondage to the Scottish work ethic, kept
  Isabel's and Moira's minds busy and their mouths working as they politely gasped
  and slurred their answers to each well-dressed person's questions, maintaining
  rebellious eye contact with their questioners throughout. They feigned their
  airs of respectfulness to avoid beatings that they feared would follow if they
  behaved otherwise. At last, the question period ended, Olivia reappeared with
  a handsome, 30-something African man and two unbound female assistants and
  said: "Isabel and Moira, Sheikh Abbadi is your new owner. Your sale has been
  transacted and finalized and I am now empowered to turn you over to him. You
  are now his property. Sheikh, here is the key to their collar chains. Isabel
  and Moira are yours. Good day." With that curt summation, Isabel's and Moira's
  new lives as beasts of burden were about to begin. Meanwhile, in northern Scotland,
  Graham and Peter had just arrived at Hotel Balmoral to do investigate the disappearance
  of their wives three days ago. They found the hotel cold, dark, empty and locked,
  and decided to contact the Northern Constabulary, Inverness. They discussed
  what they would have to do to rescue their wives from fates and places unknown
  and when they arrived home three hours later, Peter and Graham had decided
  they would call to request an appointment with the chief constable. With Graham
  on the extension, Peter phoned the police offices at Inverness and was connected
  to a helpful male voice in the section that investigated terrorism, organized
  crime, smuggling and kidnapping. By turns, Peter and Graham explained the mysterious
  disappearance of their wives four days ago from Hotel Balmoral and added that
  they would like to come to the offices to make formal statements and request
  a formal investigation.  
Insp. Mackay informed them he would be glad to meet with them to discuss
  the case further which, he added, would likely receive priority attention from
  MI-5 and Interpol.  
The inspector's administrative assistant called back next day to set up an
  appointment for the following Monday morning, at 9 a.m., to receive any and
  all information they could provide to assist the investigation which would
  begin promptly afterward, he assured.  
Peter and Graham booked off work from their employers and planned their trip
  to Inverness after the weekend. They spent a restless 48 hours and by the time
  they were en route to the police offices, the trail leading to the whereabouts
  of Isabel Metcalfe and Moira MacPeak had become more tortuous: Sheikh Abbadi
  had taken the two women, by limo, to his hidden, fortified ranch, complete
  with dungeons, a company of well-armed and -trained prison guards and a throng
  of female slaves and attendants, where he planned to turn his latest acquisitions
  into field beasts of burden &ndash; yoked to sugar-cane carts they would haul
  from the fields to warehouses, cutting cane, picking rocks and plowing fields
  by hand &ndash; for the rest of their natural lives. Isabel and Moira were
  blindfolded again and once again had no idea where they were going as they
  heard and felt the limousine drive off the paved coastal road onto a winding,
  rough gravel byway, the only way into and out of Abbadi's palatial properties
  in a semi-arid region of the desert, two hours from Ushwant prison and three
  hours from the capital city. "Isabel and Moira, you are my property now," said
  Sheikh Abbadi, as the limo made its way to his palace from the prison. "I have
  paid an enormous sum -- more than 1 million pounds -- to acquire you and I
  have been advised you are 'extreme flight risks'. You can expect, therefore,
  that your present bondage will remain and you will be chained at night to preclude
  any attempt at escape. It will not be as harsh as you recently endured at Ushwant
  prison but the additional chains you will wear, day and night, will deter any
  possibility of you wandering away." The women looked toward him and were silent,
  incredulous, that an innocent experiment with steel bondage at home had led
  to these depths of depravity and servitude so far away.  
AT THE RANCH
Two more hours of idle chat between owner and slaves helped
  pass the time as the limo drove south along the coast then inland a short distance
  to arrive at dusk at the main gate of Sheikh Abbadi's farm and residence. Two
  turbanned armed guards in combat gear salaamed as the sleek, black car drove
  quietly inside the compound and the chain-link fence gate, topped with barbed
  wire, was closed and locked securely as the vehicle drove a short distance
  to the cellblock that would house Isabel and Moira for many weeks and months
  to come. Their accommodation was a squat, one-storey rectangular bunker, with
  eight-ft.-thick walls and roof whose interior had been done over into two large
  cells, each with a separate barred-door entrance opening onto a short corridor.
  From the white-painted stone exterior, barred windows and fortified casemates
  overlooked the courtyard that surrounded the little cellblock and guard towers
  at strategic points along the wired security perimeter were used to keep a
  close eye on the two women, still considered "extreme flight risks" by their
  captors. Despite the extravagant security precautions, Isabel's and Moira's
  cells were comfortably appointed: Included were electricity, a three-piece
  bath, small bedroom, kitchenette, complete with range and stocked refrigerator,
  and living space as well as barred windows and smaller casemates that looked
  out onto the compound courtyard and other farm buildings. Ringbolts were securely
  fitted into all walls of the women's newly-refurbished apartments and their
  captors had installed five long chains, fastened securely by ringbolts through
  the concrete living-room wall, that ensured they could be chained anywhere,
  anytime, giving them a 30-ft. radius of movement. Despite their chains, however,
  they would be living in relative comfort. Sheikh Abbadi and his two female
  assistants escorted the still-blindfolded Isabel and Moira into their new quarters
  and each woman's eyes were unwrapped only once they were locked inside their
  apartments. 
Isabel's and Moira's collars were then locked to a 30-ft. chain that was
  fastened to a ringbolt on the stone wall above their beds and they were advised
  they would be branded tomorrow at 12 noon.  
Isabel and Moira were chained in separate cells but their thoughts were united
  as they struggled to make sense of the whirlwind of events that led to their
  incredible journey and introduction to slavery and bondage so far from home.
  Everything had happened so fast &ndash; they had not had enough time to think
  about let alone come to terms with &ndash; their slavery. Thoughts of their
  husbands and home intruded as the two lay in open-mouthed silence, staring
  at the rough-stone ceiling and walls that surrounded them. What would Graham
  and Peter be doing at this time? Could they have any idea where they were?
  How would they rescue us from this fortification in which we are so securely
  chained? And they insist on calling us "extreme flight risks!" The possibility
  of engineering their escape from captivity seemed extremely remote to both
  of them, Isabel thought, considering their circumstances: we are kept naked
  and chained 24 hours a day, we do not know where we are, we neither speak nor
  understand the native language, I doubt we could even bribe the guards with
  our bodies &ndash; the list goes on. Isabel and Moira lay back on their comfortable
  single beds, fingering their chains sadly, feeling the cool resoluteness of
  the bonds against the warm feminine flesh of their necks, breasts, wrists,
  nether regions and ankles. In the dim silence of their bedrooms, their fears
  were overcome by a strange, erotic contentment and perverse sense of security
  enforced by the 2.5 pounds of steel attached to them by unseen hand and unknown
  method. Moira rolled over onto her stomach, chains rattling, to try to forget
  the day's events but was immediately thwarted by her heavy 48-G breasts. She
  turned again on her back and held her wrist chains at hip level, wondering,
  gazing into nothingness as she drifted into slumber. Isabel, who had been dozing,
  awoke with a start as she felt her chains warming up while a glowing iridescence
  bathed her shackles and bonds.  
Moira, whose chains also were being transformed, slept through the strange,
  otherworldly event. Isabel, who had her chains first placed on her during an
  alien encounter in Scotland three months ago, was about to be revisited by
  communications from the wayward Venusian spacecraft. (See Through Night to
  Light) Isabel pinched herself to make sure she was awake and stared, alone,
  wide-eyed and open-mouthed, as she heard a telepathic message, with a strange
  electronically-feminine lilt:  
"Isabel Metcalfe, this is Venusian spacecraft DDE224-A. We intercepted you
  and your vehicle at a point in rural Western Scotland three Earth moons ago
  during our survey of life-forms on your primitive planet. You were restrained,
  examined, assessed and released with your breast and ankle bondages in place
  as we saw fit following our examination. "Your bonds are of Venusian origin
  and, thus, are unable to be removed by any conventional earthly means. You
  will be interested to know they provide us with a beacon that indicates to
  us your whereabouts at all times. "That is why your ankle chains and the rest
  of your shackles &ndash; and those of your friend, Moira MacPeak &ndash; were
  glowing just a moment ago as we located you with our positioning systems. "Since
  we last met, we have seen that you and your colleague have become accustomed
  to, and apparently have enjoyed, wearing steel bondage continuously. "We will
  report this curious anomaly to our headquarters when we return to Blintz, our
  homeport, 200 light-years from Earth. In this respect, we have taken the liberty,
  pardon the pun, to alter the atomic structure of your crude man-made chains
  so that they match the material and fabrication of the Venusian shackles you
  were fitted with earlier. "We hope you will be pleased to know your present
  chains now will be with you always. As you appear to enjoy steel bondage, I
  am sure you will appreciate this small gesture and token of our appreciation
  from all of us in DDE224-A. "Good night."  
Isabel was aghast at the communication and looked about frantically to try
  and believe it did not just happen. These misunderstandings of flight risk
  and mistaken enjoyment of their bondage were taking on cosmic proportions.
  Their situation had deepened and the women were unprepared for what was to
  come next. Isabel's first conscious moment was to feel the shackles on her
  wrists and neck to confirm what the Venusian voice had told her. She shuddered
  in disbelief as she felt for the original welded seams and could not find them
  in the dim light. She reached over to snap on the bedside table light and saw
  that, indeed, all her chains, rings and shackles had been transformed into
  the same, implacable steel-grey form of her alien ankle chains. The welds were
  gone and now, seamless bands of steel gripped her neck and wrists as well as
  her ankles. She wondered if Moira was awake and panicking as she was but Moira
  drowsed on, unaware what had happened to her steel. She would make her own
  discoveries in the morning. Isabel put this sudden turn of events quickly out
  of her head &ndash; there was just too much going on at the same time &ndash; and
  tried to fall asleep. She tossed and turned for a few moments, trying to get
  used to the strange, new weight on her chest and the reality of the permanency
  of her shackles until, finally, sleep overcame her. The Ushwanti September
  dawn broke bright, hot and muggy as sunlight streamed into Moira's and Isabel's
  tidy little bedrooms in their cellblock in Sheikh Abbadi's palace compound.
  Moira awoke first and swung her legs out of bed, feeling the familiar, now
  slightly erotic tugs of her chains on wrists, ankles and pussy. The metallic
  chatter of her chains sounded different to her but she was unaware of the bizarre,
  otherworldly events overnight that forever proscribed her freedom. She too
  had been permanently chained but was still unaware of the transformation. Isabel,
  too, swung her legs out of bed, only too aware of the implacability of her
  steel bondage and their lifelong permanence, and made her way into the living
  room as far as her 30-ft. chain tether would allow. She could open her front
  door but could not unlock the barred door that faced her. She heard Moira rattling
  her way to her front door and, soon, the two were looking at each other. "Moo-oo,
  wr-chnd-fr-gd-nmw, ll-ch ach-yr-chns!" (Moira, we're chained for good now,
  look at your chains), Isabel called to her friend, signalling her to look at
  and feel her chains. Moira looked at her cuffs and her eyes opened wide. "Whaa?
  Haa? Whaaus, Iffbull" (Why? How? Why us, Isabel?) Isabel shrugged her shoulders
  and tried to indicate she would explain later. She made writing motions with
  her chained hands, suggesting she would try and get her hands on a pen and
  paper to tell her what had happened the night before. The two women stood in
  their doorways, looking at each other as they tugged and pulled at their chains,
  trying futilely to push the cuffs up off their necks or down their wrists and
  ankles. They failed utterly.  
They were on snugly and for good. Time passed and they clinked their sad
  ways back into their living rooms to wait. And wait. No one came for them.
  They walked heavily to the kitchen, dragging their neck tethers with both hands,
  dropping them with a clash of links to open their small refrigerators. They
  saw a variety of fruit drinks, yogurts, rice pudding and pureed African concoctions
  they could not describe. Each took a small bottle of water and yogurt for breakfast
  and carefully tried to swallow the liquid and creamy dairy product &ndash; which
  had been spiked with Vuka-Vuka  , a powerful African herbal
  aphrodisiac &ndash; through their gagged-open mouths. They were getting better
  at it and both were relieved they were able to accomplish breakfast without
  gagging or spitting up. Isabel went into the bathroom to freshen up with the
  quality cosmetics and other feminine accessories that the captors had stocked
  and finished by brushing her hair with both hands. Looking fairly presentable,
  despite the lack of a good night's sleep, she went back into the living room
  to commiserate with her friend, Moira, who had been unlocked from her cell
  and was waiting for her inside Isabel's living room. Together, they sat on
  a small couch and looked out the barred window as they watched male and female
  field hands, young and old, pushing or hauling carts and equipment into the
  nearby canefields for a day under the blistering sun. Looking away at the grim
  reminder of their future, Isabel tuned the nearby radio to the BBC World Service
  and their situation became almost normal, just for a moment. Isabel and Moira
  looked at each other's bonds carefully and saw they were identical in every
  way now. BBC newscasts, at 10 and 11 a.m., had no information about their plight
  and they considered themselves lost women. At 12 noon, two armed guards presented
  at the door and Isabel and Moira rose submissively to greet them. It was too
  early, Moira thought, to begin her sex-for-freedom ploy as the guards roughly
  unlocked their tethers and re-chained their neck collars together with a 6-ft.
  steel tether. They were led away, out of their cellblock and across the courtyard
  to a medical building where they would be branded. Isabel, unlocked from her
  colleague, was led into the small medical room, while Moira waited outside.
  Isabel was shocked to see a branding iron, with a white-hot, one-in.-square
  tip, protruding from a small brazier nearby.  
 A tall, thin black man, in a white lab coat, sprayed topical antiseptic
  on Isabel's left breast as her burly guard held her arms firmly behind her,
  pulling her wrist chain firmly into her waist. He then donned heavy blacksmith's
  gloves, withdrew the iron from the fire and plunged it for the count of five
  seconds into her left breast's upper inner curve. The antiseptic spray also
  had anesthetic qualities and she felt only a slight burning sensation only
  as the roast-pork smell of her scorched flesh rose to assail her sense of smell.
  The medical man quickly withdrew the branding iron, put it back into the brazier
  and gave Isabel a bottle of alcohol with instructions to keep the site bandaged
  clean and dry at all times for three days. Isabel now was permanently marked
  with a one-in.-square Ushwanti ideogram which said she was a "slave - beast
  of burden." Isabel looked at her branded breast and noticed the fine, cursive
  work of the brand that forever named her slave to whoever looked at her ample
  bosom. The guard escorted Isabel to the waiting area and Moira was hauled in,
  branded, quickly, quietly and efficiently in the same spot and both women were
  escorted back to their cells, holding their left breasts in both hands, waiting
  for the pain to set in. "The rest of the day is yours," the guard said, as
  he locked Isabel and Moira together in Isabel's apartment, still chained by
  the neck. They took care looking after each other's brands for a few hours
  and enjoyed each other's company for supper that night.  
With tender breasts and heavy shackles on their bodies, the powerful aphrodisiac
  had already begun to work and their dreams that night were of their erotic
  lovemaking with their husbands back in Scotland. Isabel and Moira cuddled each
  other in their chains and the thought of sex was never far away. Moira was
  tempted to snuggle close to her friend's breast but pushed the thought away.
  She could never be the sexual aggressor, she thought, least of all with her
  best friend. They stayed chained to each other until next morning when their
  first day in the fields would begin.  
THE SEARCH BEGINS 

Thousands of miles away, Graham and Peter had finished giving their statements
  to the northern Constabulary and an investigation team was being assembled
  to scour the grounds of the now-vacant Balmoral Hotel with its infamous recent
  history. A careful screening of the bedrooms would turn up Isabel's hastily-thrown
  nailfile which she had used to try to open a lock and a discarded, bloodstained
  hemostat in the dungeon cell that had served as Dr. Lord's operating room the
  previous weekend. The trail leading to the kidnapped women's whereabouts had
  been established. More dogged police work, information-sharing and cooperation
  with Interpol would reveal to Graham and Peter that their wives had, indeed,
  been kidnapped by an international slavery cartel operating out of a long-vacant
  prison in Ushwant, East Africa, and that patience, cooperation, cooperation
  and diplomacy at high levels, as opposed to armed force, would be the preferred
  courses of action to secure their release. "Patience? My arse," said Peter
  disgustedly to Graham, when the chief constable of the Scottish Northern Constabulary
  told them what the next steps would be. "Those bloody boffins would take months,
  years, to get anywhere and I am not prepared to wait that long." Graham and
  Peter's sons were both in the Royal Navy's Special Boat Service and, despite
  their late-teenaged years, they had two years each of commando training and
  access to some high-tech weaponry and other commando hardware that would be
  useful in the expedition they had in mind. Graham and Peter thanked the chief
  constable for the time and effort of his department and drove home to hatch
  their own plan. Once they located their wives, they would mount their own commando
  raid and extract their loved ones from captivity. Finding they would be the
  first order of business, however, and Graham and Peter agreed to convene a
  meeting between them and their four sons as soon as possible. The next day,
  however, Moira and Isabel were awoken by two young Ushwanti women who would
  take them to be yoked to the canefield wagons -- the most-despised job on the
  farm. The young black women looked sadly at the two Scottish captives, sexy
  and beautiful despite their haggard looks and lack of sleep, and motioned for
them to get out of bed. 
Isabel and Moira rose as one, entered the bathroom as a pair and took turns
  on the toilet and freshening up slightly, annoyed at their chains that hindered
  and clattered at the least movement in the small bathroom. "Wu-hv-tt-pln-nscpah,
  Iffbl!" (We have to plan an escape, Isabel!), Moira whispered to her friend
  in the bathroom. "Eff, lfts-rry-nn-gt-sm-pprr frsff." (Yes, let's try and get
  some paper first), Isabel replied, thinking they may be able to smuggle out
  a note. Moira nodded and they walked out to join their attendants. One young
  woman handed both captives a large bottle each of sunscreen and motioned they
  should put it on each other to protect their bodies from the harsh equatorial
  sun. She then locked a tether to the centre link of their neck tether and escorted
  them out of their cellblock, across the wide courtyard to an open building
  that housed carts, farm implements, a blacksmith's shop and other machinery.
  Their yokes, two, four-ft.-long, three-in.-diameter poles with strategically-placed
  cuffs, waited for them outside the toolshed. Moira and Isabel were unchained
  from each other and began coating each other's bodies with the sweet-smelling
  sunscreen. Isabel did Moira's back and then turned and let her friend do her
  back and shoulders. Then both slathered their faces, chests and legs, turning
  their bodies the color of a shiny pearl that would change to a golden brown
  under hours of exposure each day from the merciless sun. When they were done,
  the young women placed the captives' chained hands at their waists and slid
  the thick, polished hardwood poles in front of their bent elbows slid them
  across the small of their backs. They quickly snapped the cuffs closed just
  above each elbow and walked them toward their carts, stopping them in front
  of the two pairs of cart-tongues. They were then turned around, with their
  backs toward the cart, and the ends of their yokes were bolted to each end
  of the tongue and each sturdy 2&frac12;-in. bolt tightened down securely with
  a socket wrench, fastening each woman to a 4- X 8-ft. cart.  
They were now ready to go to work in the fields. Their female escorts reappeared
  with two pairs of African sandals and strapped them to their captives' feet.
  They informed them they would bring them water at 10 a.m., 12 noon and 2 p.m.
  and that their workday would run from 8 a.m. - 4 p.m., daily, Monday - Friday,
  with most weekends off.  
This schedule came as a minor shock to Isabel and Moira who had steeled themselves
  to be worked endlessly; their hours in the field were comparable to a nearly-civilized
  work week in the UK. But the similarities ended there as their African captors
  pointed the direction of the fields to them and said they had 15 minutes to
  get into position to have their carts loaded with sugar cane for the day's
  processing. Isabel and Moira looked at each other and tried to shrug their
  shoulders in mute acceptance of their assignment. Their escorts left them alone
  and they turned their carts awkwardly toward the canefields and began pulling
  their large, light-wheeled carts with their wrists and arms cuffed and yoked
  and their 18-in. ankle chains still tethered to their pussy rings. Clearly,
  the gagged Scotswomen would not be the most efficient workers in the canefields
  that day but, fearing punishment for poor performance, they decided reluctantly
  to work as well as they could. The fields were about a half-mile away from
  the compound and they slowly pulled their carts up to the gate where the guards
  allowed them through. The sun was well overhead by the time they had made the
  15-minute trudge to the fields, their chains clinking and tugging annoyingly
  the entire time, and they were pointed to a spot where workers would load their
  carts for a return trip to a cane storage area and buildings. Isabel and Moira
  were panting through their wide-open mouths, their ankles, wrists, elbows and
  pussies were sore already and they were very thirsty. Waiting for them at the
  field-loading area were two bottles of water but when they arrived, all they
  could do was look at them; they could kneel but could not reach the water yoked
  as they were to their carts. They looked around at the workers still in the
  fields and decided to stand and wait until someone came along.  
Their Scottish pride, and thirst, told them they were not going to go a step
  further until someone came to water them. A few minutes later, two young native
  men walked out of the field and took pity on the two slaves. The men looked
  appraisingly at the women, picked up the canteens and Isabel and Moira tilted
  their heads back, allowing the men to pour small quantities of tepid water
  down their parched throats.  
Unknown to the field workers and the female slaves, all their food and water
  had been ordered to be laced with vuka-vuka  to keep them
  sexed up for any sexual interlude that the sheik had in mind. Isabel and Moira
  had already received significant doses of the herbal aphrodisiac and their
  libidos were being stimulated again as they glanced at the sweat-bathed, dark-brown
  bodies of the men who were giving them water &ndash; and appraising glances. "You
  very pretty ladies," said the older of the two, a young man in his early-20s. "We
  never see white wimmin out here, 'specially wif all doze chains on and attached
  like you is to dem carts. "Whuffo bring you to us, anyway? Where you from?
  Can you speak to us thro' doze gags?" Isabel spoke first: "Wf-rm-sclnd-nn-ff-bn-kkdnnppdd!
  (We are from Scotland and we have been kidnapped!). "Ccnn-ooff-hh-llff-ss?
  Pfff?" (Can you help us? Please?) The two men looked at each other and shrugged. "Ah
  kin only guess you askin' us hep you. Ma'am, we slaves oursef an' I can see
  by yo' bran' on yo' big tit you slaves, too. Wha'se worse, if'n we heps you
  escape, we goan git kilt or, worsted, beaten." A small, single-engine plane
  droned overhead, reminding Isabel and Moira they were still in the 20th century. "But
  we could make your existence here jus' a lil bit better if'n you could allow
  us to, shall we say, take a few liberties wif you, if you knows what we means." Isabel's
  and Moira's eyes widened as the vuka-vuka began its work on their sex drives
  and they saw the growing bulges in the young men's torn and tattered jeans
  as they looked at the women's chained bodies, bronzed and naked in the bright
  morning sun. Realizing they did not have any means to defend themselves, Isabel
  and Moira nodded in mute assent and knelt down, still yoked to their wagons,
  and opened their gaping mouths a little wider to accept the violations that
  were about to come. Isabel noticed her ring gag move slightly against the backs
  of upper and lower premolars as she did so and remembered to look more closely
  at her mouth when she had a chance. Moira and Isabel were stock-still on their
  knees in the brilliant, hot daylight of the Ushwanti canefield as the young
  men took full advantage of their helplessness. The first, the spokesman, slipped
  his huge, hard dong easily into Moira's waiting mouth and she gasped and gagged
  as he quickly forced it home into the back of her throat. The younger man also
  slid his cock deeply into Isabel's mouth and she, too, gaped and gasped in
  astonishment at its firm girth that squeezed in through her 3&frac12;-in.-diameter
  ring gag. Soon, both women were pushing their heads down, then backwards and
  forwards rhythmically and vigorously, giving head like they had never done
  before, stimulated by the mounting sexual tension induced by the aphrodisiac.
  Within three minutes, all four were gasping as orgasms wracked their taxed
  bodies in pulsating quick time. The African youths shot their huge loads of
  cum into the slavewomen's throats and left their flaccid members deep inside
  for a full minute as Isabel and Moira reached small climaxes on their own.
  The young men withdrew their organs, zipped up their jeans and wiped off the
  drips of semen and saliva that coated Isabel's and Moira's mouths, lips and
  chins. Isabel took advantage: "Plff, plff, cn-u-gt-uff- wwrrttnmm pprrff?" (Please,
  please can you get us some writing paper?), she said, making handwriting motions
  with her cuffed hands and wrists. "Writing paper? Shu', we can bring some dat
  tamarrah. Same place same time." The two men helped the Scottish slaves back
  to their feet and they walked away to resume work in the tall rows of green
  canestalks, emerging in a few minutes with armloads of stocks that they piled
  onto their carts.  
A RESCUE PLANNED "Graham, can you get us some paper?" Peter Metcalfe asked
  his friend, as he gathered his two sons and Graham's two boys around the kitchen
  table to plan Isabel's and Moira's rescue. The four boys, aged 18 - 19, had
  been rushed home to western Scotland form their Royal Navy commando units in
  southern England to attend to a family matter of "extreme and confidential
  urgency." "Boys," Peter began, "Graham and I want to talk to you about your
  mothers. I'll be blunt. They have been kidnapped by an international slavery
  cartel and are somewhere in an East African country, Ushwant, where Isabel
  was kept confined for three days a couple of months ago. "Well, now," Peter
  said, nodding at the MacPeaks, "Moira and Isabel are there and we are going
  to rescue them.  
"We have informed the Scottish northern constabulary but we are not going
  to wait for them or Scotland Yard or Interpol or the diplomats to secure their
  freedom through official channels, investigations and the courts; we are going
  to do it ourselves and we are calling on you lads, with your commando training,
  to help us develop an operations order -- everything from passports to transportation
  to firearms and plastic explosives, if necessary," Peter said, hammering his
  tradesman's fist onto the kitchen table for emphasis. The boys' eyes, wise
  beyond their late-teen years, were wide with the stunning, sudden news and
  they feared for their mothers. This was unbelievable, in small-town Scotland,
  but they quickly took strength in their two years of commando training with
  the Special Boat Squad. They were in top physical condition and highly motivated
  young men. They loved their mums deeply and they were quite ready, willing
  and able to lay down their lives for them.  
Eighteen hours later, the six -- two fathers and four sons -- had 55 pages
  of neatly handwritten notes and a flowchart/action plan drawn on the back of
  an oilcloth that detailed step by step how they were going to locate Isabel
  and Moira, how they were going to get there, extract them and get them safely
  out of Africa and back home. The gallant six faced greater odds but they were
  armed with determination and a resourceful will that could not be equalled.
  The boys had requested long special leave which had been granted and they were
  very good at "rabbiting" things out of pussers' stores. The great Metcalfe
  - MacPeak plan was under way while the Scottish criminal investigator team
  continued to uncover more compelling evidence of the bizarre activities recently
  at the strange Hotel Balmoral near Cape Wrath. The police case file was growing
  and the evidence logbook had more and more entries as the young MacPeak and
  Metcalfe boys said a temporary heartfelt goodbye to their fathers to head back
  to their home bases to beg, borrow and steal commando tools and weaponry of
  the trade for great Metcalfe - MacPeak African expedition.  
Meanwhile, Isabel and Moira stood patiently as the two young men loaded their
  carts with sugar cane. When the carts were fully loaded, they were pointed
  in the direction of the sugar-cane mill and told to start hauling their loads,
  which weighed about 100 pounds, toward the outskirts of the wire-enclosed palace
  compound. They leaned forward, pulling on the yokes cuffed to their elbows,
  and the wagons started to move over the dusty, little trail that had seen many
  decades of wagon traffic. Their heavy breasts bounced and swayed to and fro
  against the gentle tug of the 14-in. chain linking their nipple rings and their
  ankle chains created dusty swirls as they, too, tugged against their vaginal
  rings, giving the two already-aroused women sexual sensations they had never
  felt before. Pleasure and pain had become one and at 10 a.m., on their return
  trip to the cane fields, they were stopped and given water, again laced with vuka-vuka  ,
  and their sexual appetites were stimulated once again. Unaware of the presence
  of the herbal ingredients in their water and food, they thought their increased
  libidos were the result of their steel bondage as well as the attentions they
  had received recently from the field workers and the guards. The bright equatorial
  sunlight was hot on their bare shoulders and backs but their bodies were well-protected
  by extra-strength sunscreen that gave their pale bodies a sexy sheen. The hours
  of sun exposure would tan their white skins in a matter of days, ensured by
  the adequate suntan lotion that they applied generously to their bodies before
  the start of work. They continued to haul cane &ndash; making the half-mile
  trip in about a half-hour one way &ndash; and were stopped for water and pureed
  food at lunchtime, more water at 2 p.m., and walked one more trip until they
  were told to head back to the blacksmith's shop to be untethered. At 4 p.m.,
  footsore and with tired, aching legs, arms and shoulders, the women clinked
  and clattered in their chains as they hauled their now-empty carts back into
  the compound where another worker unlocked their elbows from the yokes and
  unbolted the yokes from the wagon tongues. Their collars were once again chained
  together and they were escorted back to their cellblock to be unlocked again,
  and placed in their separate quarters. The rest of the day was theirs but next
  day, with the promised writing paper, they hoped to be able to make plans for
  their escape.  
The two slave women made themselves a light supper, ran themselves a luxurious
  bath and eased their aching bodies into the hot, soapy water where they stayed
  in relative comfort until they started to nod in fatigue. Both women got out
  of their tubs, dried themselves off, paying close attention to their new brands,
  their huge breasts and ringed vaginas, and clinked their naked way to their
  beds where they were soon fast asleep. This was to be their routine, Monday
  - Friday, and their weekends were free, so to speak. But there was some recreation
  in store and they were the featured attraction at the sheikh's Saturday night
  reception and dance for his staff, slaves and invited guests. Next day, Tuesday,
  was a repeat of the first day &ndash; up at 6:30 a.m., breakfast, chained,
  escorted to the equipment shed to receive sunscreen then yoked to their carts
  and off to work, 8 - 4, with breaks at 10 a.m., 12 noon and 2 p.m., to receive
  water and food, always laced with vuka-vuka  . By the
  end of their second day in the canefields, their libidos were in overdrive
  but Isabel had received a small pad of writing paper from one of the young
  men. She folded it up neatly in her cuffed hands and, during a break when they
  were not being observed, passed it to Moira, pointing to her collar. Isabel
  knelt down with great difficulty in front of Moira and Moira slipped the small
  pad and pencil under Isabel's steel collar behind her neck where it was hidden
  by her shoulder-length brown hair. At last, they had a method of communicating
  clearly and passing notes to someone who might be able to help them escape.
  But, alas, that help would not come for months. Wednesday and Thursday passed
  uneventfully, with no breaks in the field routine, but on Friday afternoon,
  when they were returned to their apartment-cells, as they called their quarters,
  they were surprised to see three articles of clothing waiting for them on their
  beds &ndash; a straight grey skirt, a floral-patterned, stretchy "tube top" and
  a pair of 3-in. high-heels &ndash; with a note from the sheikh saying they
  were to dress accordingly and attend a regular weekend social in the nearby
  palace at 8 p.m., Saturday. Isabel and Moira ignored the clothing and invitations
  for the moment, choosing instead to ease themselves into their bathtubs, prepare
  supper for themselves and lie down to think more about sex with their husbands,
  whenever they managed to get free, if ever.  
 Their fervent desire to escape somehow was always present but their plans
  gave way frequently to powerful, lurid sexual fantasies and appetites induced
  by the daily doses of vuka-vuka  . Enslaved by her own
  libido as well as by steel, Isabel's recurring fantasies drove her frantic
  with desire and lust: she dreamed and fantasized regularly, during the day
  and at night, about her lovemaking with Peter at home and during their sexy
  long weekend away at Hotel Balmoral. Moira's imaginings, although less intense
  than Isabel's, were focused on her initiation to steel bondage and lovemaking
  while she was chained in bed with her husband, Graham. During the still African
  night, broken now and then by the cries and howls of desert denizens of the
  night, they would lie in bed and finger their chains, trying to imagine it
  was their loved ones doing it for them. Isabel tried to insert an exploratory
  finger into her vagina but the twin rings blocked access to the sensitive areas
  and she had to content herself by stimulating the outer surfaces of her sex
  which made her more frustrated sexually. Instead, she tried to work free the
  ring gag, wired in place behind her teeth, with her fingernails. Guided by
  her tongue, she found the small surgical wires the mad surgeon, Dr. Lord, had
  wound around her upper and lower bicuspids to hold the gag firmly in place.
  She found the wires were too snug but she managed, during the last couple of
  nights, to loosen the ring ever so slightly. She would tell Moira of her progress
  next morning. At daybreak, Isabel was chained as usual to Moira after breakfast
  to be escorted to the equipment shed and placed into further bondage. She slid
  Moira her first note in her neat handwriting: I've been able to loosen
  my ring gag a little. Will show you at 10. BTW, are   you
  feeling a little more 'randy' than usual? I think our food and drink are   spiked.
  Destroy this note.  Moira read the note and quickly crammed it into
  a little ball and swallowed it with a grimace. Moira leaned closer to Isabel
  as they walked together across the compound and said:  
"Mff, mmfllng mr rny thn ooffml. Sshh-mmhh-tt-llsssnn thff ggg." (Yes, I'm
  feeling more randy than usual! Show me how to loosen this gag), she said, wiping
  the drool from her chin. Isabel replied: "Oosthe ttnnng tt fll fftt wwrrzz,
  nn ppkk tt wif fingrff." (Use your tongue then pick at the wires with your
  fingers). Isabel showed Moira what to do by running her tongue around the rear
  contour of the stainless-steel ring and Moira followed suit, both of them unnoticed
  by their escorts who thought they were merely trying to moisten their lips
  and adjust their forced jaws. After coating themselves again with sunscreen,
  they stood passively as their elbows were cuffed to their yokes. They were
  then led, still chained together, to the waiting carts where their 4-ft. yokes
  were bolted firmly to the tongues and only then was their neck chain unlocked.
  They trudged off to the canefield &ndash; thought of escape was absurd, yoked
  and chained as they were &ndash; and another boring day of hauling cane got
  under way. At least it was the end of a slave's work week and they were promised
  Saturday and Sunday off, they thought. Friday night rolled around and they
  were returned to their cell-apartments to clean up, have something to eat and
  listen to the BBC World Service. Moira was taken out of her cell by a guard
  and taken by the arm into Isabel's cell for what was to be a regular Friday
  night get-together. Isabel's cell door was locked and barred shut and the two
  women were able to enjoy each other's company for the first time in their bizarre
  first week at the sheik's desert palace. Waiting for them on each of their
  beds was a straight grey skirt, an off-white, stretchy tube top and a pair
  of three-in. high heels. The women ignored the neat little piles of clothing
  as Isabel led Moira into the bathroom and told her to look in the mirror as
  she explained how she was able to loosen the ring gag slightly. Both women
  spent an hour trying to loosen the wires that held the rings in place and succeeded
  in freeing Isabel's heavy ring very slightly.  
Next day, Saturday, they tried to approximate a weekend of relative normalcy
  by puttering around their apartments, doing some little housekeeping chores
  and preparing small meals for themselves in first Isabel's small, tidy kitchen,
  for brunch, then Moira's for tea at 3.  
 Thoughts of escape were always present but the impossibility of their situations
  discouraged discussion. As well, their conversation was difficult and Isabel
  was determined to loosen her ring gag even more before the Saturday night social.
  After an hour, she had succeeded in freeing up another millimetre of slack
  in the gag's wires but Moira continued to have difficulty with hers. As well,
  their slavery had become more obdurate than ever &ndash; they had been kept
  naked for almost two weeks and had begun to forget what it was like to wear
  clothes in the first place. Putting the skirt and tube top on over their chains
  would be a rare treat, they thought, and toward 6 p.m., Moira excused herself
  to get ready for the big weekend event. She and Isabel hugged as best they
  could in their chains and Moira headed to her bathroom to draw a bath, do her
  hair and make up her face as best she could. Putting lipstick on was going
  to be a challenge, she thought, as she soaked in her hot tub, her chains and
  cuffs clattering under the bathwater. Isabel, too, ceased trying to free her
  gag and enjoyed her bath to the fullest. She, too, also had trouble doing up
  her face, eyebrows, cheeks and lips but finally succeeded in doing a better-than-average
  job. She started brushing her hair but her handcuffs did not allow her freedom
  of movement to do a satisfactory job. Nevertheless, by 7 p.m., both women were
  ready to get dressed. The two had to sit on the bed to pull on their skirts,
  the first time in weeks they had felt clothing over their loins, then they
  pulled their tube tops down over their heads and tried to get them to fit comfortably
  around their huge bosoms. With consummate skill, however, they squeezed and
  patted their heavy, chained breasts and adjusted their tops to flatten themselves
  out somewhat so they did not look quite as top heavy as they did during the
  day. The three-in. pump heels were the final piece and they slipped them on
  easily over their now-tanned but tender feet. When they rose to look at themselves
  in their bedroom mirrors, they agreed they looked almost half-civilized, except
  for the ring gags, handcuffs and leg chains with tethers that ran up between
  their toned and shapely legs to disappear underneath their hemlines which fell
  to three-in. above their shapely knees. Otherwise, they looked like bosomy,
  casually-dressed young women -- who might be going to the cinema with their
  husbands on a Saturday night &ndash; except the chains showed everywhere, which
  reminded them constantly, by sight, sound and touch, of their permanency. And
  slavery.  
Soon, two armed guards arrived to escort them across the compound into the
  huge, one-storey palace, its brightly-lit interior inviting them past the imposing
  marble pillars and stone staircase at the front. Isabel and Moira clinked their
  way up the stairs and the guards left them at the entranceway. Moira pushed
  open the heavy double doors with both hands and they entered. They were not
  at all prepared for what they saw: groups of 50 or so African and Caucasian
  young men and women, in semiformal evening wear, were gathered in small groups,
  chatting, smoking and drinking white wine, giving the appearance of civility
  in such barbaric surroundings. They saw Sheik Abbadi, their owner, in a corner
  talking to a bevy of young women, in evening dresses, and the sheik caught
  their eye. The tall, handsome African excused himself politely from his audience
  and made his way over to the chained Scotswomen. "Good evening, Isabel and
  Moira," he said. "I trust you have had an informative and productive first
  week in the canefields and that you have not been worked too severely. "May
  I add, please, that your loveliness tonight is second only to the way you look
  when you are at work in my fields during the week? You are indeed the vision
  of Gaelic loveliness and I am happy that I have purchased you." Isabel and
  Moira looked at him in disbelief and shrugged off his dubious compliments.
  Their intense dislike of this slimeball grew and their intent to escape, at
  all costs, was galvanized. A white-jacketed waiter arrived magically at his
  side with a tray of chilled white wine and the sheikh offered two glasses to
  Isabel and Moira who accepted them silently. The two women held their wine
  glasses decorously at waist level in both hands and delayed making small talk
  with this disreputable slaveowner and criminal. Other women came by and ooh  'ed
  and aah  'ed at their silver-grey slave chains as well
  as their deeply-tanned, buxom figures that their tube tops and skirts did nothing
  to hide. "Are you two real slaves?" one asked Moira, who shook her head negatively
  in reply. "Where are you from?" another asked Isabel. "Ffo-lnd" (Scotland),
  she replied. "And do you have to wear those terrible gags and chains all the
  time? The silver-grey of your chains sets off the grey of skirts, you know.
  Or were you chained tonight just for display purposes? I can't believe that
  mature women, such as you would be slaves. Really now!" Moira looked at her
  young questioner severely, as a mother would to a child, and coldly replied: "Nn-ff,
  whf tt wrmm lllttmmmff; nnowwfffofff!" (No we have to wear them all the time;
  now fuck off.) The young woman giggled, blushed and turned away to chat with
  her other airhead friends. Moira tried to suppress the urge to tell this young
  piece of fluff, who probably never wore anything heavier than a gold neck chain
  before, to step outside so she could emphatically even accounts with her. Isabel
  saw the steely anger in Moira's eyes as Moira's stare pursued the young white
  woman as she strode away with her gaggle of young pals. Isabel took her friend's
  arm gently but firmly: "Nnn, Mmm, ziff iff nnt tt plaff," (No, Moira, this
  is not the place), Isabel said, surprised that she was able to pronounce a
  couple of vowels finally after a week of trying to work her ring gag loose
  from behind her teeth. Although still wired into her mouth firmly in four places,
  its slight movement allowed Isabel to speak just a little bit more clearly.
  Moira's gag was still lodged in its original place and she was still muffled
  frustratingly in whatever she tried to say. Moira's heart was stilled when
  she heard Minnie Riperton's "Lovin' You" sinuate from a nearly sound system.
  It took her back to March that year when chains, bondage and slavery were the
  stuff of adult magazines and cartoons. This was real life and she was a part
  of it. Soon, a few couples wandered onto the wide parquet dance floor and began
  swaying gently to the lyrical ballad. Isabel and Moira missed their husbands
  even more and wondered what they were doing at exactly that time as Minnie's
  voice swept over them, transporting them back to a more agreeable time in rural
  Scotland. Suddenly, two handsome, well-dressed young men, in their mid-20s,
  approached and asked Isabel and Moira to dance. They looked at each other and
  nodded as the young men escorted them, one hand gently on their red, chafed
  elbows, onto the dance floor. Unsure where to put their linked hands, the women
  finally placed them flat against their partners' chests, which inflamed the
  males' passions intensely, and they swayed to the music, their chains adding
  a quiet arpeggio as they moved their legs gracefully against their steel tethers.
  Reason fought with passion in Isabel's and Moira's minds as they danced with
  their partners. They wanted to escape in the worst way but clear, rational
  thought was subdued by waves of sexual impulses induced by their daily doses
  of aphrodisiac-laden food and drink and the sight and feel of these two young
  men who held them so gently. "What good are these two chaps to our escape,
  anyway?" Isabel thought to herself. "But, oh, wouldn't I love to crawl this
  fellow's frame. I feel like a real good, long fuck right here, right now." Moira's
  mind was set on the face of her dance partner and she was shocked by her sexual
  thoughts of wanting to take him in her mouth and give him "the blow job of
  the century." "Can you speak through that gag?" the young man asked her suddenly.
  Moira shook her head negatively. "Oh, I see. Well, my name's Dan and that's
  Dave over there with your friend. We're from Seattle, Washington, and were
  invited here by Sheik Abbadi. Are you one of his wives? Or are you, can I say
  it, captives? Or, ah, er, slaves? "I say that only in because I see you and
  your friend are in chains." Moira was getting tired of being referred to as
  slave and she frowned at him but continued to dance, her chains rattling now
  and then against the parquet floor. The young man, suddenly circumspect, avoided
  her steely glares and icy demeanour and knew she was not to be trifled with.
  Isabel's partner, Dave, was content just to feel her hands on his chest and
  the soft but definite brush of Isabel's full breasts against his white shirt.
  He could feel himself getting tumescent and erect as he felt and heard Isabel's
  chains clink with her movements. The Riperton song ended and was replaced by
  an Olivia Newton-John ballad and the dancers continued. A few minutes later,
  Dan and Dave asked Isabel and Moira to join them in a circle of comfortable
  chairs just off the dance floor. Isabel and Moira were still footsore from
  the difficult work week and were only too glad to get off their high heels
  for a while. The young gentlemen escorted them off the dance floor and helped
  them to their seats. The women crossed their knees decorously and, except for
  their gags and chains, could have been mistaken for ordinary people. "Doof
  oof hff nny wrttng peffer?" (Do you have any writing paper?) Isabel asked Dave
  quietly, as she gestured a writing motion with her hands. "Writing paper? Well,
  yes, I think I have something here in my pocket. Will this napkin do?"  
Isabel grabbed it from him. "Pmm rr pmfull?" (Pen or pencil?), she asked,
  gesturing again. Dave reached into his jacket pocket and withdrew a pencil.
  Isabel began printing neatly as Moira looked on while the young men sat across
  from them: "We are Isabel Metcalfe and Moira MacPeak, of rural Renfrewshire,
  Scotland, and are held here against our will. We were taken, bound and gagged,
  from a hotel in northern Scotland and sold to Sheik Abbadi at some castle or
  jail in this country. Call our husbands, Peter and Graham, at 01-44-555-3434
  and deliver this note immediately to police. Help! We fear for our lives." Isabel
  signed it and gave it to Moira to read and sign. Moira then passed it to Dan
  whose eyes widened as though he was just pole-axed. "Migod, sold into slavery?" he
  finally blurted. "FFShhhh!" scolded Isabel. "Nofolod" (Not so loud). "Yes,
  we will take this note into the capital tonight and we will have the police
  out here in no time," Dan continued. Isabel and Moira nodded their silent thanks
  and thought, at last, they were going to get a chance at release and an opportunity
  to bring their kidnappers to justice. Not. Dan and Dave quietly left the Abbadi
  palace compound later that night, after a warm embrace from the Scotswomen,
  and delivered the note to the dusty, decrepit police station in the Ushwanti
  capital Sunday morning. The bored police officer behind the desk said he would
  show it to his superior next day and nothing was done for several weeks. Sunday
  rolled around and Moira and Isabel, naked in chains once again but buoyed by
  the hope of imminent release, spoke about last night as they stood in their
  barred doorways facing each other. Isabel informed Moira she had been keeping
  a log of people, places and events and told Moira not to be discouraged. They
  passed Sunday morning listening for any possible news about their situation
  on the BBC World Service but international events passed them by. Sunday afternoon
  and Sunday evening passed and, still, no one came by. They crawled into bed
  at 7 p.m., weary and worried, until they were shaken awake by their guards
  at 6:30 a.m. Monday to start another work week in the fields. Monday - Friday
  rolled by with the same cane-hauling drudgery, but their sexual appetites continued
  unabated with the vuka-vuka  -laced food and drink they
  received regularly throughout the day, as ordered by Sheik Abbadi. Clear, rational,
  sustained thought eluded them as their supercharged libidos kept flashing horny
  desires from their subconscious minds to their consciousness and bodies at
  every step. The constant tugging of the chains against their nipples and vaginas
  were sexual stimulants that kept them continually on edge while they hauled
  carts and they had no way of satisfying themselves and their kinky desires.
  Even at night, their gentle tuggings on their vagina and nipple chains only
  served to increase, but never satisfy, their lust. They were truly prisoners
  in their own bodies and slaves to their own desires. The young men who had
  accosted them the week before had been transferred to another field and their
  carts were loaded by another crew of men and women who eyed them suspiciously.
  They were always locked up at night, sometimes together, sometimes apart, but
  thoughts of home and their husbands and sons were never far away despite the
  sexual torments brought on every day by the herbal ingredients in their food
  and drink. The Saturday night routine of dressing in skirts, skimpy tops and
  heels continued every week for the first month but Dan and Dave were nowhere
  to be found. Isabel and Moira had a few dances with a couple of the palace
  staff but those liaisons led to nothing. Another two months passed and Moira
  and Isabel were turning into strong, hard workers. They were not starved or
  mistreated and the daily toil of hauling 100-pound carts of sugar cane had
  developed and sculpted their shoulders, biceps and back muscles into those
  of the other field workers. But for their bulging, heavy breasts, their soft,
  feminine lines were gone. Their stomach muscles rippled and their thigh and
  calf muscles became stronger every day. But despite their physical strength,
  they were still restrained by chains and cuffs linking them to their carts
  and shackling their necks, wrists, breasts and ankles together. As strong as
  they were, they were still slaves, physically and psychologically, and Isabel
  and Moira began to realize they might never escape. But in Scotland and southern
  England, the MacPeak and Metcalfe families had plans well under way to find
  and release Isabel and Moira.  
Passports had been obtained and the sons had bribed some of their senior
  NCOs to release to them combat uniforms, steel helmets and desert camouflage
  as well as large quantities of small-arms ammunition, grenades, C-4 plastic
  explosive, pistols, submachineguns and semiautomatic rifles. At the end of
  two months, while their mothers were still anguishing in the desert palace
  compound, they had accumulated, stored and arranged for shipment enough weaponry
  and ammunition to outfit a platoon of commandos. Crated in several heavy-duty
  boxes, labelled "auto parts," they had made arrangements to have the military
  hardware couriered to a secret rendezvous not far from the Ushwant prison,
  where their mothers were taken and sold, while their fathers had secured air
  transportation to the Ushwanti capital from Prestwick, to Heathrow, to Tangier
  and onward to the Ushwant international airport. From there, they would launch
  Phase 2 of their daring rescue attempt. But a couple of obstacles stood in
  the way of success. The fathers and sons still did not know the exact location
  of Isabel and Moira and only chanced on the existence of the 15th Century fortress/dungeon,
  where they were sold, by researching the East African country in a public library
  in Edinburgh. Unknown to them, however, was the covert relationship Sheik Abbadi
  enjoyed with the local and state police forces. He was tipped to the note Isabel
  had written and that Dan and Dave had passed to the police and stepped in personally
  to take charge of his prized slaves. He would have them jailed, in Ushwant
  Prison, charges pending, while he investigated further and decided whether
  he would keep Isabel and Moira or have them quietly disposed of in the desert.
  It was grey, humid and overcast that Wednesday mid-morning when six armed guards
  drove into the canefields where Isabel and Moira were working and placed them
  under arrest. No reason was given and no charges were read. Constitutional
  rights had no place in Ushwant, or in dealings with white slaves, and these
  guards knew it. While two of the burly men sat in the jeep, two others snapped
  official police handcuffs and leg irons on Moira's and Isabel's wrists and
  ankles, just above their permanent chains, while the other two stood by with
  pistols drawn. Their collars were again locked together with a six-ft. chain
  and they were lifted roughly into the rear of the jeep for a long, dusty trip
  back toward Ushwant Prison, from whence they had come.  
This time, however, they were not blindfolded but the weight of their chains
  and additional, unnecessary shackles told them they were going to be prisoners
  a long time. Isabel's and Moira's shoulders and chains shook as they wept watching
  the desert palace compound shrink into the desert horizon as the jeep, with
  its Keystone Kops and two beautiful prisoners in the rear, lurched down the
  dusty, rough single-lane road. Two hours later, they were back on a paved,
  two-lane highway en route to the coast and the prison. They had not seen the
  imposing sea -coast fortress before, blindfolded as they were on arrival months
  previously, and were shocked by sight of the imposing walls, ramparts and the
  portcullis, out of another age. The smell of the sea permeated the cool, damp
  stone of the prison's walls and they admitted defeat but refused to allow the
  word slave into their vocabulary. The chains would hold them well, they knew,
  and the cold, grey walls looked indestructible. Isabel and Moira were taken
  quickly and noisily up the same narrow passageway into the cellblock that held
  them previously and were thrust together into the same 8 X 10 cell with barred
  window that overlooked the highway and the Indian Ocean from the third level
  of the ancient prison. Their neck chains were unlocked and their collars were
  then locked to sturdy, six-in. ringbolts embedded in the cell wall above their
  cots. Only then were their shiny, zinc-plated handcuffs and leg irons unlocked,
  leaving them chained as before. Just as the last legcuff was being removed
  from Moira's right leg that dreary afternoon, however, a small, twin-engine
  passenger jet screeched down the main runway at Ushwant international airport
  with 27 people aboard. Peter Metcalfe, Graham MacPeak, and their four sons
  looked out the windows at the drizzly African afternoon in apprehension and
  excitement. Their courier had confirmed the arrival and disposition their arms
  shipments the day before and they had lucked in with direct connections from
  the UK to Tangier and on to East Africa. Their great desert adventure was about
  to begin. Moira and Isabel sat in the edge of their small cots, placed their
  heads in their chained hands and wept throughout the afternoon and night. They
  were bereft and utterly lost; no one could find them here and if someone did,
  they were so implacably chained, they could not easily be released, if at all.  
Meanwhile, their husbands and sons got to know the Ushwant capital, got some
  road maps, drew the route and set a timetable to uncover their arms cache and
  stow it for use and made some discreet inquiries about the slave trade in the
  country. Unknown to them, the Uswanti police were tipped to their arrival and
  were preparing to take them into custody as persons of interest in connection
  with information and evidence of arms smuggling. They would wait and spring
  the trap at the opportune moment. "Sahib, Ushwant Prison, that was, how do
  you say it, the supermarket of the slave trade, from the 15th century until
  recently," one bazaar vendor told Peter and Graham while their sons listened
  intently. "Where is this prison?" Graham asked. "It's up the coast highway,
  about two hours from here; you can't miss it on the left. It overlooks the
  Indian Ocean. " It is not heavily guarded because it is virtually escape-proof
  and the political prisoners and convicts that it houses are chained up all
  the time -- men and women both -- and the only way they will leave there is
  inside a pine box." The sons and fathers shuddered at the thoughts of their
  loved ones being held in captivity in this way. They strongly suspected Moira
  and Isabel were being held there but they had to go there and find out &ndash; they
  couldn't just pick up the phone, dial Ushwant Prison and ask for the warden's
  office. Drastic situations call for drastic measures and they were ready, willing
  and able to do all they could to free their loved ones. Next day, they agreed,
  back in their seedy hotel rooms, they would rent a small van to stash their
  gear somewhere safe for quick and easy access. Thursday, they found a 1975
  Chevy van with a V-6 engine and 40 cu. ft. of cargo space &ndash; just enough
  for their gear &ndash; and paid for the rental in British pounds. They saw
  three policemen watching them from the door of the rental agency but paid them
  no heed as the six men jumped in and drove out of the city into the desert
  alone. They found their unmarked desert arms cache, and the boys leaped into
  action, uncrating weapons and ammunition and placing it securely in the van.
  Their ammunition, grenades, thunderflashes and plastic explosives were kept
  in their metal containers and would be opened at the last moment. All other
  equipment, including grappling lines and rapelling gear, were stowed and the
  crates dismantled, burned and buried in the rough gravel soil -- while a small
  group of heavily-armed Ushwanti policemen watched discreetly from a distance.
  The Metcalfes and MacPeaks drove back into the city, made sure they dodged
  the police, paid a man for the use of his locked garage on a grimy, infrequently-used
  side street and walked away to plan their next move. Waiting for them at the
  hotel were six heavily-armed police officers who informed them they were under
  arrest on arms-smuggling suspicions &ndash; a capital offence punishable by
  25 years hard labor &ndash; and they were manhandled roughly into a police
  wagon and driven to Ushwant Prison, two hours away. Moira and Isabel, languishing
  distraught in their cell, had no idea the prison van they heard driving up
  the highway held their would-be rescuers while Peter, Graham and their sons
  were unsure where their wives and mothers were. Inside the prison, the six
  men were roughly escorted into a wing farthest away from the women's section
  and were locked into three cells, two apiece. Peter's sons had wisely carried
  lock-picking keys and tools before leaving England and they knew at first glance
  the old, well-used deadbolt mechanisms could not withstand the gentle pryings
  and pickings of their new, slim tools.  
Getting out of their cells would be a snap, as long they were not observed,
  and after 20 minutes of soft clicks, the boys had unlocked their cell door
  and began working on the cell door locks holding the other sons and Peter and
  Graham. With no guards or other physical security apparent apart from the appalling
  stone fortifications, cells and bars, the boys quickly worked in the dim light
  and soon all six were free once again. Gathered for a brief O-group in a small
  alcove near their cells, they decided they would force their way out, regroup
  in the city, gather their arms and equipment and return to extract Isabel and
  Moira. All agreed and, led by the sons, they found their way into the courtyard
  of the old prison and easily subdued two sleepy guards who were leaning against
  their semiautomatic weapons near a wall. Looking around, the six found their
  way into the mechanical room that operated the old portcullis that sealed off
  the main passageway. They managed to raise the barred gate and ran out in single
  file onto the two-lane ocean highway.  
Isabel and Moira heard the clanks, creaks and groans of the opening gate
  from their cell and rose together, tripping and tangling in their chains, to
  look out the small, barred exterior window to see a sight that instantly gave
  them equal measures of hope and despair: there were their husbands and sons,
  running away down the prison road onto the highway. "Ha-aaaa, Piffr!" (Help,
  Peter) Isabel cried as loud as she could through her loosened ring gag. Moira
  wept and shouted: "Gggraahhh, ha-a-a-a; iff Moraw n Iffbbll. Uu-hhrrrr!" (Graham,
  help; it's Moira and Isabel. Up here!) Graham and Peter looked up over their
  shoulders as they ran at the little Square-barred window, about 50 yards away
  and saw two gaping-mouthed female forms that they thought must be their wives. "Stop
  boys," Peter ordered quietly, as he and the others stopped and turned to look
  at the women. "I think we've found them. Look, up there." Peter and Graham
  waved at them, frowned at their distant, vague faces &ndash; they could not
  make out the details -- but smiled at recognition and put their fingers to
  their lips to indicate no further sound from them. Graham indicated with hand-and-arm
  motions that they were going down the highway and would be back as fast as
  they could to rescue them. They did not want to chance a rescue attempt without
  adequate arms and gear but they would return in force before dawn next day.
  Incredulous at their easy escape but deeply saddened at leaving their loved
  ones behind, they located a parked four-door sedan about a mile down the road
  and the sons skilfully and quickly hot-wired it and they were on their way
  back to the capital to get their van, reorganize, plan their mission and return.
  All six wondered during their drive away whether they ought to have dared a
  rescue. They were not sure if they had enough time to free them or not and
  quietly agreed they were on the best tack for success. Meanwhile, Isabel and
  Moira embraced each other as best they could in their chains and prayed they
  would come back for them as soon as possible. Rescue was so near but their
  cell and chains were so incredibly daunting, they thought. Isabel set to work
  trying to loosen her ring gag even more and succeeded in freeing it just another
  millimetre or so. Moira's gag was still stuck in nearly its original position
  and she gave up after a few fruitless attempts at trying to pick at the wires
  with her broken fingernails.  
Both women then started to tug as hard as they could on the chain linking
  their collars to the ringbolts above their cots but the chain and bolt were
  too strong for their slender, tanned arms. They had long ago given up trying
  to slide their wrist cuffs down over their wrist bones; they, too, were inescapable,
  as were chains, rings and shackles on their heavy breasts and ankles. They
  would just have to wait. And wait. The hours passed darkly as the women sat
  silently in their chains, sobbing softly as they heard the Indian Ocean's surf
  rumble in along the rocky foreshore near the prison fortress. Not a sound came
  out of the other cells along their tier and they were afraid for themselves
  and their husbands and sons. The effects of the vuka-vuka  had
  started to wear off and they began to know a physical and emotional exhaustion
  that left them listless in their chains. By midnight, they had fallen into
  restive slumber and were unaware of the 50 additional guards arriving at the
  prison from the city -- at the insistence of Sheik Abbadi, whose underworld
  connections extended into the highest echelons of the police forces of Ushwant.
  By 1 a.m., sentries had been posted on each floor of the huge, three-storey
  prison and at 20-ft. intervals along the perimeter. Portable, powerful searchlights
  had been brought in and powered up by generators at strategic points on the
  battlements and the guards on interior and exterior patrols were equipped with
  flashlights and radios as well as grenades, ammunition, semiautomatic carbines
  and pistols. Isabel and Moira, at the command of their owner, Sheik Abbadi,
  had become the most heavily-guarded inmates in the 500-year history of Ushwant
  Prison and any attempt to free them &ndash; unless mounted by an armored division &ndash; would
  probably fail. Six lightly-armed and -equipped men against 50 heavily-armed,
  well-trained guards securing a prison with 25-ft.-thick walls overlooking a
  rocky seacoast, did not have much chance of success in any field commander's
  tactical handbook. At 2 a.m., four guards were stationed on either side of
  Isabel's and Moira's barred celldoor and a command post was set up nearby with
  more guards equipped with radios, small arms and big lights. The powerful beams
  shone across the entrance of their cell and Isabel and Moira were suddenly
  awake, with a start and clatter of chain, as their 8 X 10 cell was suddenly
  and completely bathed in blinding white light. "Mwafooo?" Isabel cried out
  in alarm, squinting as she looked out at the grim faces of the guards a few
  feet away. She tried to cover her nakedness with her chained hands and turned
  her head away as the guards looked in at her chained beauty. Moira, too, was
  awake and chose to look out the barred cell window at the greying dawn. She
  scarcely noticed the beige van drive up on the southernmost extremity of the
  fort, just out of eyesight. Six black-garbed men with rifles, helmets, ammo
  belts and boots slipped quickly and quietly into nearby bushes. Isabel's and
  Moira's rescue was under way.  
CURSES, FOILED AGAIN The great Metcalfe - MacPeak African escape plan called
  for Peter and his two sons to create a diversion with thunderflashes, smoke
  grenades and small-arms fire at the north wall while Graham and his two boys
  would advance quickly to the west wall, at the side housing Isabel's and Moira's
  cell, scale the walls with one-in. nylon rope and grappling irons fired up
  with special line-throwing rifles, break the cell window bars from the outside
  with C-4 plastic explosive, enter, free the women and lower them by ropes to
  Graham below. Once the sons were back on the ground with Isabel and Moira,
  they would try circle around again, rejoin the Metcalfe group, fight a rearguard
  action back toward their vehicle and "bug out." It looked good on paper, they
  thought, but they were had no idea about the suddenly-increased numbers and
  arms of the vigilant defenders. "Bang, Bang, Bang!!" three thunderflashes exploded
  in a blinding flash on the north wall, dazing and blinding the guards temporarily.
  Isabel and Moira froze in horror as "Bang, Bang, Bang!!" rang out a second
  time. That was it -- Peter and his boys only had six thunderflashes. They quickly
  followed with short, sharp bursts of submachinegun fire and pistol shots, forcing
  the guards, who had lost their night vision, to dive for cover while Graham
  and his two boys sprinted toward the west wall and attempt the most difficult
  part of the rescue. They had not anticipated the strength and numbers of the
  defenders and were greeted immediately by a withering hail of searchlight-directed
  gunfire and grenades from the top ramparts of the fortress and from sandbagged
  locations at the base.  
They quickly returned fire for about five minutes from their locations among
  the trees, scrub and rocks while three floors above Isabel and Moira cowered
  from the flash and noise at the bottom of their bunks, stretching their neck
  tethers taut, daring not to breathe. It soon became apparent that without heavier
  firepower the west-wall action was doomed to fail. The MacPeaks courageously
  exchanged volley after volley of rapid fire with the prison guards and soon
  realized they might have only 10 minutes' of small-arms ammunition left. They
  could only carry so much, including the 40 pounds of other gear they had to
  carry, and, soon, Graham had to make a tough decision: abandon the operation,
  retreat and rejoin the Metcalfes on the opposite side of the fortress. Graham
  hunkered down with his sons and told them in a loud voice over their swirling
  fire that splintered tree branches over their heads: "We've got to get away,
  lads; we don't have the ammo we need and it looks like there's many more of
  them'n we thought. I'll cover you two; now run back to the Metcalfes . . .
  Go! Now!!" Graham opened fire with his submachinegun as his sons took to their
  heels, crouching and returning fire as they ran back toward the north wall.
  Gunfire from the fortress followed Graham as he, too, stooped and ran behind
  to catch up, stopping now and then to fire blindly into the tops of the ramparts.
  They joined up with the Metcalfes behind a grove of trees, Graham explained
  to Peter briefly what had happened and they decided to "bug out" as a group.
  Soon, they were back in their van, blood, sweat and tears coursing down their
  gasping, blackened faces as they drove at high speed down the coastal highway
  in blackout. They stopped now and then to make sure they were not being trailed
  and took the long way back into the capital, through the desert, as dawn cracked
  the grey, muggy East African morning. The whole action took only 20 minutes
  and left Isabel and Moira shocked and wondering what had happened. They took
  solace in the knowledge their loved ones were attempting to rescue them as
  two armed guards entered their cell, unlocked their neck chains and took them
  down into the courtyard. The smell of cordite and thunderflash hung in the
  air as they saw a 1&frac12;-ton truck waiting for them near the portcullis.
  They were literally thrown into the back of the vehicle, unable to make the
  big step up, and were chained to the floorboards with links attached to their
  collars, rove through ringbolts and locked to their handcuffs.  
Two guards got in the back with them, closed the flap as the truck drove
  away and brutally raped both women through their ring-gagged mouths in absurd
  retribution for the failed raid. For the second time in three months, the two
  women tasted the salty African cum of their guards and detested their condition,
  their chains and everything about this filthy, dusty, poor country that held
  them captive. The truck clashed gears as he shifted from third to fourth heading
  down the highway to the crossroads. About 90 minutes later, he would turn right
  into the desert and into the next chapter of Isabel Metcalfe's and Moira MacPeak's
  sordid ordeal. They bumped and bounced against their chains &ndash; even their
  heavy breasts bounced against their chain tethers -- and they did not feel,
  or react to, the steely tugs. They were now inured to being brutally chained.
  But the sparks of escape and retribution against their captors still glowed
  within. Two hours later, early on a Thursday morning, the dusty truck rolled
  into the desert compound of Sheik Abbadi's remote desert palace and the two
  tired, hungry and thirsty women were unchained from the floorboards and walked
  into their original prison-cell apartments where they were chained securely
  to the long rows of chains they had noticed earlier in their living rooms.
  They were stopped and backed against the wall as long chains were locked to
  their collars, wrist and ankle cuffs and they were left alone facing each other
  through their barred cell doors that opened onto a common short hallway. Isabel
  and Moira took several steps this way and that and found they had sufficient
  lengths of chain that allowed them slow movement into their bedrooms, bathrooms
  and kitchens. Fieldwork was not on the agenda this day, Isabel thought, as
  she heavily raised a double-chained hand to wave at Moira indicating she was
  going to have a long drink of water, a hot bath and a nap, if her chains allowed.
  She pulled and tugged and cursed aloud as she pulled what she thought was 30
  pounds of chain behind her into the kitchen to get a cold glass of water to
  quench her thirst and rinse the desert dust and cum from her gaping mouth.
  Moira did the same and soon, five lengths of chain could be seen trailing from
  the living-room wall into the bathroom where the two captives eased themselves
  into their tubs for the first time in long days. Twenty miles away, a beige
  van was slowing to a crawl as it traced the army truck's wheel tracks across
  the rough gravel desert floor.  
"We're still on the track," Peter said to Graham as he followed the tire
  indentations further into the blazing heat of the morning sun. Twenty minutes
  later, as Moira and Isabel were organizing their chains to get out of their
  tubs, the fence of the desert compound hove into view of the Metcalfe - MacPeak
  van. Another full day was about to begin for the tired young men. Fatigue,
  jet lag, hunger and anxiety combined to impair Graham's and Peter's judgment
  and reaction time and those of their sons. Again, serious mistakes would be
  made this day and their rescue attempt would cost them dearly. Peter scanned
  the wired compound as he drove and estimated that four guards were on the gate
  and several were in the watchtowers along the perimeter; otherwise, he could
  see no activity in the palace compound itself. He spotted the low, stone building
  near the centre of the compound and guessed that was where Isabel and Moira
  were being held. "How many grenades do we have? And what quantities of small-arms
  ammo do we have, boys?" Graham asked the sons in the rear. "There's two crates
  of grenades and about 1,000 rounds of SMG, rifle and pistol ammo, clipped and
  ready to go," came the reply. Quick discussion followed and the six quickly
  came to the decision they would kill the guards at the gate, blow the gate
  with grenades and shoot their way into the compound to the squat building about
  50 yards inside the gate. The van would be left at the far side of a rock outcropping
  about a quarter-mile away and they would have to rely on the element of surprise,
  wits, speed, marksmanship and, above all, extreme good luck, to carry this
  off. The sons in the rear had readied packs of ammunition, grenades and plastic
  explosives but as they saw the low outline of the palace compound grow into
  prominence on the horizon, they began to doubt whether they would be able to
  carry this off in broad daylight. In five minutes they had driven quietly up
  to the lee of the rock promontory that fronted onto the palace gate and the
  boys slipped out of the van to do a recce. They returned in about 15 minutes
  and informed their fathers that they didn't think the palace guards patrolled
  out this far and doubted whether they could be observed from the watchtowers.
  The next several hours were engaged in planning, rest and testing and loading
  their machine guns, rifles and pistols for the assault which was scheduled
  for 10:30 p.m. The six men lay low as they watched the sun trek across the
  horizon and were thankful when they saw the first hints of the African desert
  sunset. Soon, it was pitch dark behind the rock outcropping and they watched
  as the palace security lights came on one by one, lighting the gate and watchtowers
  brightly. The approach to the gate was crossed here and there by shadows from
  the rock outcroppings and they would take full advantage of these elements.
  Finally, at O-hour, 10:30 p.m., they crawled out from behind the rocks, in
  single file, 10 yards apart, and performed the well-known infantryman's crawl
  to a small gravel dune within 200 yards of the gate. The sons, all marksmen,
  signed to their fathers they could easily take out the four gate guards, when
  the targets presented, and the fathers nodded in agreement. The Metcalfe and
  MacPeak sons fixed the black-market silencers onto the muzzles of their high-powered
  sniper rifles, loaded with flashless rounds, and aimed through their nightscopes
  to the shadowy figures moving around the well-lit gate. " Thuk, thuk  ," and
  two guards slumped silently to the ground as two 7.62 mm steel-jacketed rounds,
  fired from the MacPeak rifles, pierced their hearts. The other two guards,
  stunned by the sudden, soundless collapse of their fellows, ran to their comrades'
  aid and were immediately shot to death by the Metcalfe sons. It took only five
  seconds. "Let's rock 'n' roll, lads," said Graham MacPeak, signalling a forward
  advance at the crouch. The six, sprinting from side to side into and out of
  the shadows, covered the 200-yard dash in 30 seconds and were still mysteriously
  unobserved by guards in the watchtowers who were either asleep, on drugs or
  looking at Isabel's and Moira's barred windows, hoping for a glance of their
  beautiful, chained bodies they saw only briefly during the day. They were to
  be disappointed on that account but some serious excitement waited for them
  moments later. The six Scotsmen arrived at the gatehouse, panting and perspiring
  in the humid night, and looked around quickly. No one in the guard towers had
  apparently heard or seen anything and the gate guards had not been missed.
  The sons hastily hauled the four dead bodies out of sight into the guardhouse.  
The commandos, whose faces were already blackened, switched uniforms with
  the dead guards and took their places at the security checkpoint &ndash; all
  in less than a minute &ndash; while Peter and Graham gauged the distance to
  the cellblock-cum-apartment building that housed their chained wives and did
  a quick inventory of their ammunition and supplies. "Let's make a run for it;
  I can see a doorway on this side of the building that will give us some cover
  if we are seen," Peter said to Graham. "We must have the C-4 and fuses ready
  to blow the door as soon as we arrive. Hopefully, they're there -- and safe." "Right,
  Peter; I'm for it. And so are the boys," Graham replied. "But I think the shooting's
  about to start." He nodded over his shoulder as searchlights started moving
  about the gate and guardhouse and along the courtyard to the small prison holding
  Isabel and Moira. Peter thought he could hear the actions of machine guns being
  cleared but hoped it was just his imagination. "Get the boys in here, Graham,
  and we'll make a dash for it &ndash; in threes &ndash; we'll cover you from
  here and you may have to shoot your way to that doorway." Moments later, the
  hellfire of semiautomatic gunfire, probing searchlights and exploding hand
  grenades was loosed on the palace compound as Graham and his two sons sprinted
  the 50 yards to the cellblock doorway, firing their SMGs at the guard towers
  as they ran, while Peter and his boys provided covering fire with SMGs, rifles
  and well-tossed hand grenades. The dodging, heart-stopping sprint took 15 seconds
  and, miraculously, no one was hit or wounded, although two of the searchlights
  were shot out by sheer luck. Then, it was Peter's and his sons' turn. They
  quickly covered the 50 yards and made the now-crowded, six-ft.-deep doorway
  just as a hail of machine-gun fire raked past, spraying them with dirt, gravel
  and shrapnel. They, too, were uninjured and inside, Moira and Isabel cowered
  in their bedrooms in their chains, paralysed by fear wondering if they were
  about to be killed, helpless and silent as they were in chains and gags. Peter's
  sons placed the C-4 plastic in strips and gobs against the locked heavy oak
  door, set the charge and &ndash; "Bang!" &ndash; the door splintered on its
  hinges, allowing the six raiders into the short hallway between the women's
  cells and out of the guards' gunsights.  
"Haaaaaa!" Isabel yelled at the top of her lungs, gasping in fear and excitement,
  as she clinked and clattered her chained way to the cell doorway. Moira was
  still making her slow progress out of her bedroom as Isabel staggered to greet
  her family on the other side of the barred door that was locked in front of
  the now-splintered oak door. Peter looked in awe and sorrow as his frightened,
  heavily-chained and gagged wife for the first time in months. "Isabel &ndash; Migod,
  are you all right?" Isabel nodded silently, her face and mouth betraying anguish
  and joy at the sight of her beloved husband, blackened by face paint and gunsmoke,
  panting with exhaustion in front of her. "Get more C-4 up here and blow this
  door!" Peter ordered. The boys acted promptly and Isabel was ordered to take
  cover just as Moira opened her door fearfully. Isabel retreated a few paces
  and knelt down, covering her face with her chained hands. "Bang!!" and the
  barred celldoor fell sideways. Peter and the boys rushed in to take charge
  of the situation and could not believe their eyes when they saw Isabel, naked,
  deeply tanned, ring-gagged and chained by five, 30-ft. tethers attaching her
  collar, wrist and ankle cuffs to ringbolts in the concrete living-room wall. "Bang!!!" and
  Moira's cell door fell uselessly to the floor as Graham and her boys ran in
  to release her. Outside, the palace guards sprang into action and peppered
  the outside doorway with small-arms and machine-gun fire, daring not to try
  and re-take the building by force of arms. The six Scotsmen fought like a rifle
  squad and the guards were unsure of the numbers of the attackers. The MacPeak
  boys took up riflemen's positions at the small, barred living room window while
  Graham sorted their weapons and ammunition. Graham showed Moira how to reload
  the Sterling submachineguns and her years of mechanical ability paid off as
  she grabbed the weapon in her heavily-chained arms, followed Graham's instructions
  and snapped the curved magazines in quickly and easily, trying to smile at
  her husband as she did so. Graham could not get over the dramatic, sexy appearance
  of his beautiful wife, chained and gagged as she was, naked and deeply tanned
  from long weeks in the canefields, and felt himself getting erect while his
  boys set up a deafening return fire into the guard towers, forcing them to
  keep their heads down. In the Metcalfe apartment the same thing was going on:
  Peter had shown Isabel how to reload the rifles, SMGs and pistols, which she
  did although not as swiftly as Moira, but she was able to drag her chains and
  carry the loaded weapons to the windows where Peter and her boys were firing
  steadily at the guard towers. After a minute of accurate sniper fire from the
  sons, all searchlights had been shot out and Peter and Graham told their boys
  to aim carefully, conserve ammunition and keep their heads down. The firefight
  continued for 10 minutes and Isabel and Moira, dragging their heavy chains
  behind them, helped keep their husbands and sons resupplied with loaded pistols,
  rifles and machine guns. But It was going to be a fight to the death, they
  all realized, as their opponents appeared to have much more ammunition and
  weapons than they did. Peter and Graham looked at their wives and suddenly
  realized they had to be released from the chains that were locked to their
  collars, handcuffs and leg irons. This was no time for the patient, time-consuming
  lock-picking exercise the boys had used to extract them from their Ushwant
  prison cells the night before. Peter packed C-4 plastic around the five ringbolts
  anchoring Isabel's chains to the concrete wall and ordered her to lie flat
  on her stomach and cover her ears while he wired all five charges to explode
  simultaneously. Blang  !! and Isabel's five chains fell
  in heaps on the floor around her, releasing her from the wall. She could walk,
  just barely, and had five long trails of chain dragging behind her at every
  step. In Moira's apartment, Graham watched as Peter freed his wife from the
  wall and ordered Moira to do the same as he blasted the five ringbolts free
  from the concrete wall in her living room. That would prove his undoing. After
  another 10 minutes of trading potshots, Graham and Peter decided it was time
  to go: they would have to carry their wives out through the doorway, through
  a fusillade of fire across the compound and they knew it would be a miracle
  if they made it out alive. "We're going to have to carry you out, Isabel; it's
  the only way," Peter said. Isabel nodded as Graham told his wife the same thing.
  Quick-thinking and resourceful but extremely tired, Peter called out the plan:
  Graham's two boys would make a dash back to the guardhouse under cover fire
  from the Metcalfes; Graham would carry Moira, followed by Peter and Isabel,
  and the Metcalfe boys would bring up the rear with covering fire from those
  who had made it to the guardhouse. "This might work!" Peter said prophetically. "Let
  me know when you're ready." The plan was explained to the boys, still on guard
  at the windows, their weapons as their sides, and they nodded in grim agreement
  as the darkness deepened in the compound, lit only here and there by the flash
  and crack of a guard's rifle. "It's now or never," Peter told Isabel, gently
  moving his fingers through her hair sliding it away from her face. The MacPeak
  boys moved up to the door and took off, running like hares across the compound,
  making the distant guardhouse in seconds. Not a shot was fired. Graham and
  Moira were next: the big, red-haired Scot picked up Moira in his strong arms
  and sprinted an awkward zigzag with his chained wife in his arms, her chains
  dragging behind her. Moira's trailing chains tangled around Graham's ankles
  and he and Moira were pitched suddenly forward as a shot rang out, sharply,
  quietly, from a guard tower. Graham gasped, sighed and fell to his knees as
  a little red spot widened on his chest. His jaw sagged open and his vision
  blurred as he saw his wife for the last time. He dropped her and collapsed
  at her side, dead, Scottish blood oozing dark red into the foreign gravel,
  his open, sad eyes looking sightlessly into mysterious, deep and starless night
  sky. "Moo-ooo-hhh, Ggggg-mmm, mmmnn-ooo!!" Moira howled in animal intensity
  as she fell against him, offering her body as a shield against any more bullets.
  None came. The oldest MacPeak boy, galvanized by the wrenching scene, ran out
  from the safety of the guardhouse, swooped his mother up in his rangy arms
  and carried her out of the compound into the guardhouse. Again, not a shot
  was fired. Peter and Isabel, in each other's arms, saw the dreadful sight but
  Peter, ever resolute, knew that to stay where they were meant probable death.
  He kissed his wife firmly on her upper, ring-gagged lip, picked her up and
  ran for all he was worth. Halfway across, he stumbled, losing his balance and
  he and Isabel, too, tumbled into a heap not far from Graham's lifeless body
  as a palace guard sniper drew a bead on Peter's head through his scope. Crack  !
  and Peter lay motionless, shot through the temple. His two sons ran out as
  one, picked Isabel up easily in a fireman's carry and ran to the guardhouse.  
With no time to waste, the boys had to make the heart-rending decision to
  leave their fathers' bodies behind -- the risk was too great to retrieve them &ndash; as
  they carried their mothers the remaining 200 yards to the rocky outcropping
  and the van. They literally threw their mothers in the back and piled into
  the van, the oldest Metcalfe hopping behind the wheel as the Chevrolet van
  roared off into the silent night as crewmembers in Venusian spacecraft DDE224-A,
  hovering unseen in the black sky at 3,000-ft., watched with passive interest.
  The two MacPeak boys sat in the back with their mothers, cranking down the
  rear windows to poke their rifles out and fire back in case of pursuit. The
  van sped across the desert at 85 m.p.h., shaking everyone and everything violently
  as the boys looked at the tangle of chains that wound around every limb of
  their mothers' bodies in the adrenalin-fuelled amazement and bewilderment felt
  by combat troops who had just fought a desperate action. Isabel and Moira held
  open their chained arms to hug and thank their boys for their rescue and they
  collapsed in a sobbing mix of disbelief, fear and shock at the sudden deaths
  of their fathers and husbands and their sudden deliverance from slavery. Life
  would never be the same, they thought, as they looked back at the now fully-lit
  desert palace, wondering if they, too, had long to live. The van sped across
  the desert leaving the desert palace far behind as the boys spread plastic
  groundsheets over their mothers' naked frames. The van lurched and bounced
  over the rough desert terrain and Isabel and Moira tried desperately to free
  their mouths from their gags so they could speak with their sons. The rings
  were still firmly in place as they switched to the locks holding the long chains
  attached to their collars and wrist and ankle cuffs. The little brass padlocks
  were on securely and they returned to try and pry the ring-gag wires off their
  teeth, again to no avail. They were determined not to give in to their chains
  and struggled valiantly to ungag themselves, unsuccessfully. Soon, the adrenalin
  rush began to wear off and their eyelids began to droop in fatigue. They slumbered
  as the van continued to speed down the rough desert road and awoke as it lurched,
  90 minutes later, onto the smooth, two-lane coastal highway that would take
  them into the capital city.  
The van slowed to 75 m.p.h. down the highway and six pairs of eyes were glued
  to the rearview mirror and through the rear windows looking for any sign of
  pursuit. The highway ribboned backwards into the black night. An hour later,
  the first lights of the Ushwant capital glimmered on the southern horizon and
  they soon saw a brightly lit hospital sign on their left. Brian, the driver,
  turned in sharply and drove quickly into the large H-shaped building with "emergency" painted
  in bold letters over a pair of double doors to the right of the parking lot.
  The sons agreed that one from each family would accompany their mothers into
  the hospital and provide moral support to them while the other two would drive
  into the city to alert Scotland Yard, Interpol and the local police, in that
  order. They were reluctant to bring in the local authorities but thought further
  that not to do so would invite consequences. One son from each family kissed
  their mothers firmly on the cheek, wished them well and said they would be
  back as soon as they had accomplished their mission in the city just as the
  van pulled up in front of the emergency and discharged two shaken, chained
  women and their 19-year-old sons into the brightly-lit triage centre of the
  Ushwant national hospital. The van sped off into the night as the triage nurse
  looked up solemnly from her paperwork and medical equipment and ran over to
  Isabel and Moira, still covered in groundsheets, and guided them onto gurneys.
  Without a word, the nurse replaced the groundsheets the two chained women were
  holding around their shoulders, doing their best to avoid tripping over the
  tangle of chain that followed them, and slipped green hospital dressing gowns
  over their shoulders. Another nurse, with sad eyes and telltale reddish-white
  scuff marks from the shackles she, too, had worn for years on her wrists and
  ankles, took the sons to a nearby conference room to take their statements
  while their mothers' vital signs were monitored. Isabel and Moira were put
  into separate, curtained-off cubicles and, soon, three white-coated ER doctors
  and three stocky nurses were by their sides. The nurses cleaned off Isabel's
  and Moira's forearms with surgical alcohol and started IV lines with saline
  and a mild sedative while the doctors began assessing their physical and psychological
  traumas.  
Seeing no respiratory distress, cardiovascular failure or wounds, a doctor
  asked Isabel: "Can you please tell us what happened to you?" The young doctor
  was immediately embarrassed by the futile question when he saw the steel gag
  still in place behind her teeth. "Oh, we'll get that off very quickly, then
  you can speak to us so that we can determine what tests and treatments we will
  need to do." He rushed away to get more help and soon, two burly orderlies
  equipped with boltcutters and hacksaws appeared and began work cutting off
  the long chain tethers still attached to Isabel's and Moira's collars, wrist
  cuffs and leg irons. Five, 30-ft. lengths of hardened steel chain fell victim
  to the jaws of the hospitals only two boltcutters but when the tools were applied
  to their alien cuffs and chains, not a dent was made in them, much to the consternation
  of the several doctors and nurses who were now rushing about busily checking
  each woman's vital signs, blood pressures, heart rates and drawing blood for
  lab analysis. (It is a modern, well-equipped hospital). Isabel and Moira were
  too exhausted, physically and emotionally, to respond and lay and watched through
  tired eyes as hands and arms moved over and around them. Soon the sedatives
  began taking effect and a surgeon was summoned to examine and remove the gags.
  Dr. Ismail Prakesh, the on-duty general surgeon, arrived and looked carefully
  at Isabel's mouth then at Moira's face. Within minutes, using forceps, small
  wirecutters and wedges, he had cut the wires holding their rings gags in place
  and Isabel's and Moira's jaws dropped involuntarily as their facial muscles
  tried to contract again after their long inactivity. Isabel reached to her
  jaw with her chained hands and massaged her lips and gums, running her tongue
  over the teeth that had been wired so long. "Shank you, doctor," she said finally,
  the first comprehensible words she had spoken in months. Moira moaned and groaned
  as she, too, felt the soft contours of her mouth and lips that had been stretched
  unnaturally for the same long time. Dr. Prakesh then consulted the other attending
  physicians and began writing his report while another nurse looked suspiciously
  at Isabel and Moira, still lying on the gurneys in their slightly-lighter load
  of chains. Isabel and Moira were now bound by five pounds of chains linking
  their wrists, ankles and vaginas -- a load considerably lighter than the 25
  pounds of links they dragged behind them into the hospital an hour earlier.
  Dr. Prakesh's scrawled report stated:  
"Two white, female patients were admitted to Ushwant national hospital at
  0200 hrs, 16 January, 1976, with sons in attendance. They were conscious but
  confused, anxious and bound in chains and manacles of a sort never before seen
  in this hospital. Both women, apparently of Scottish origin, have steel collars,
  wrist and ankle cuffs affixed but no locks, bolts or fastenings are apparent.
  Large seamless rings are pierced through nipples and vaginas. No signs of infection
  or trauma. Nipple rings are chained and the lower of each woman's pair of vaginal
  rings are connected by single chains to their ankle chains that allows them
  to stand upright without significant tension to labia majora. Long, heavy chains
  padlocked to their collars, wrist cuffs and ankle cuffs were removed with boltcutters;
  however, all attempts to cut or remove the cuffs and rings were unsuccessful
  as the metal was too dense to be detached with hospital equipment. Most unusual. "Each
  woman's mouths were propped wide with steel rings wired in place between their
  upper and lower canine and premolar teeth. I carefully removed these rings
  with wirecutters and forceps while they were under sedation. Their facial and
  jaw muscles are weak, without wasting, due to long placement of the gags, no
  doubt, but tone in these muscle groups will restore naturally and they should
  regain speech although some therapy may be in order as they have not exercised
  their vocal cords for months and there are bound to be some speech-clarity
  issues. According to statements from their sons, the women apparently have
  been chained for a long time and worked hard in a colony known to employ slave
  labor somewhere in the Ushwant desert. Despite these allegations, they are
  in robust condition with BP 120/70, p. 62, resp., 12/min., at 0215, 16/1/76.
  There are no deformities, posture good but ambulation poor, owing to their
  chained limbs which are, nevertheless, healthy in musculature and tone. Evidence
  of previous childbirths, breasts healthy, significantly augmented with silicone-and-saline
  implants, slightly pendulous and heavy, each left breast branded with an Ushwanti
  ideogram stating "slave - beast of burden", well-formed nipples bilaterally;
  good general health, deeply suntanned, no sign of melanoma.  
"Refer to ICU and 'step-down' unit with followup psychiatric evaluation and
  monitoring. Orthopedics, speech therapy advised. Their sons, interviewed by
  Dr. I MacLennan, MD, allege the women, known as Mrs. Isabel Metcalfe and Mrs.
  Moira MacPeak, have endured long-term bondage and mistreatment in the desert
  and at the state prison. "They apparently were kidnapped in northern Scotland,
  transported to Ushwant in bondage, imprisoned, sold as slaves and sent to the
  desert colony where they were rescued by their husbands and sons in an overnight
  commando-style raid. Their husbands, Peter and Graham, were apparently shot
  and killed during the attempt. I have no independent confirmation of this alleged
  violence at this time. The attached statements, signed by the two sons, give
  more information in this matter. "Continuing saline IV and sedative and morphine
  for 24 hours. Pts. to be checked every two hours for vital signs, condition
  changes." Ismail Prakesh  I. Prakesh, MD  
Isabel and Moira dozed under the effects of the morphine and sedative while
  one of the ER nurses, a confidante of Sheik Abbadi, telephoned the sheik at
  his desert compound to inform him of the arrival of his rescued slaves who
  were now under the care of the state hospital and asked for instructions. "Return
  them at once, alive and in good condition, to Abbadi palace," was the terse
  reply. She immediately went to the nurses' station and wrote out a fictitious
  patient-transfer request authorizing the hospital to release the two women
  into the care of ambulance attendants for transfer to another hospital in the
  central part of the city where police and state officials would have ready
  access to them as a criminal investigation would soon begin. The ruse worked
  and, soon, Isabel and Moira, still groggy from the desert experience and the
  effects of the intravenous drugs, were disconnected from their IV lines and
  their gurneys were loaded into a modern ambulance, while their sons were detained
  in another part of the hospital to wait for police investigators. The ambulance
  vanished into the night; not towards the downtown but out into the desert from
  whence they came. Isabel and Moira, still well-sedated and re-connected to
  IV during transport, were compliant and barely aware of the trick to return
  them to captivity.  
When they emerged from their stupors three hours later, they saw their familiar
  surroundings partially demolished by the raid a few hours previously, and they
  were lifted bodily off their gurneys and hustled into two cells in the basement
  of the palace, immediately below the salon where they participated in Saturday
  night socials for months on end. "Moira, can oof hear me?" Isabel whispered
  from her cell. "Yeff, I can hear foo, Ifabel. Thiff iff the firft time I've
  been able to fpeak in monff, fo . . . . " "We'fe been fricked again. We're
  vack affa palaff compound but at leeft we can falk. Fome doctor waf able to
  remoff our gagf an' a lot of our chainf are gone. Maybe we can make a break
  iff we can bribe fome offa guardfff. I fink our only chip iff our bodief. Now,
  iff only fomeone will come by." Isabel tried in vain once again to slide the
  wrist cuffs down but they were implacable as ever. She only glanced at her
  ankle cuffs and knew they would not budge. Ever.  
MEANWHILE . . .
Back at the hospital, the sons had been thoroughly duped
  by the duplicitous nurse and some of her ER staff colleagues. The sons, returning
  to the ER after giving brief statements to two Ushwanti police officers, called
  the large hospital in the central part of the city and were shocked to be informed
  their mothers had not yet arrived. They knew, instantly, they had been tricked.
  Meanwhile, in the desert-palace cells, Isabel and Moira continued to plan their
  sex-for-freedom gambit as their guards, male and female, came by to check on
  them, give them food and drink, miraculously free of aphrodisiac, and chat
  with them briefly about the rescue attempt. They were told five guards &ndash; four
  at the main gate and one in a guard tower &ndash; were killed during the attempt
  but that the sheik had ordered them not to be chained additionally because
  he had further plans for them. He wanted to give them time, a guard said, to
  recover from their recent ordeal, while the palace got itself back into working
  order. Next day, the five dead palace guards were buried, the bodies of Peter
  Metcalfe and Graham MacPeak were picked up by the ambulance crew and taken
  to the state hospital for autopsies and Isabel and Moira listened while a backhoe
  and other heavy equipment demolished the cellblock-apartment building they
  had lived in for the past 5&frac12; months. 
Five nights later, after their sons had turned every city hospital upside
  down looking for their mothers, Isabel and Moira participated in their first
  lesbian love tryst with a pair of 30-something female guards who just wanted
  to sit with them, caress their breasts, and kiss them. The half-hour sexual
  encounters were in exchange for a promise to leave the cellblock unattended
  and their doors unlocked, under the pretence that Isabel and Moira would be
  able to walk about the compound for exercise while their chains ensured they
  would be unable to dash away. The guards, unusually accommodating and friendly,
  agreed to their request and next day, Isabel and Moira were surprised to see
  their cell doors unlocked and the heavy oak door at the end of the corridor
  slightly ajar. Isabel and Moira walked out into the daylight, saw the ambulance
  was still in the prison compound and Moira told Isabel she thought she might
  be able to hot-wire it, if she had a half-chance. Isabel and Moira walked as
  nonchalantly as they could, naked and in chains, their large, heavy breasts
  swaying to and fro with every 18-in. stride, while guards in the watchtowers
  watched, bemused at their chained progress -- toward the unattended ambulance.
  Their constant nudity was not an issue; they were desperate to escape and their
  lack of clothing did not matter at all. The ambulance?! They might try to escape!!
  The guard at the main gate was not alerted and it would take the guards in
  the watchtowers a minute to climb down and intercept the two women whose feet
  now were going pell-mell with rapid, 18-in. strides that chafed their ankles
  severely. Moira was the first to arrive and she dived up into the driver's
  side, snagging her wrist chains on the door handle, untangled herself and found
  the keys were still on the dashboard. Isabel struggled up the step into the
  passenger side. Moira started up the Ford ambulance van and the engine roared
  into life. "Hang on Iffabel, here we go!" Moira shouted with glee as she gripped
  the big steering wheel with both hands, her right foot extended, pulling her
  chains taut as she tramped on the accelerator.  
The rear wheels spun gravel and the boxy, white vehicle reached 30 m.p.h.
  in three seconds. Moira slammed through the barbed-wire gates at 50 m.p.h.
  as though they were matchsticks and although the radiator steamed, they were
  soon back in the desert leaving the palace far behind them while the guards
  milled about in confusion, cursing their own inattentiveness and negligence.
  It was early Saturday morning and the regular guards had gone home for the
  weekend. Also, there were no other vehicles in the palace at the time, the
  sheik was away on business and the getaway ambulance had three-quarters of
  a tank of fuel. Moira, savoring freedom for the first time in months, drove
  like a woman possessed as Isabel watched her usually-reserved mate with amazement
  and admiration. "You're quite fa drifer, Moira," Isabel complimented. "Fry
  flowin' down a liffle; you're doin' 80, we're not being purfued and we might
  need to fave gaff." Moira agreed and the van slowed to 60 m.p.h. as it sped
  across the rough desert trail. Both women wondered what outlandish situation
  would confound them next. Isabel hoped quietly her speech would restore soon
  as she wiped some drool off her lower lip with her left hand. Moira was too
  busy trying to keep the ambulance on the dusty desert trail as the miles sped
  past. Soon, the black ribbon of the two-lane coastal highway loomed on the
  eastern horizon and the ambulance lurched onto the highway as Moira turned
  south toward the capital city and the first police station they saw. They had
  no idea where their sons were at the time and they kept a sharp eye out for
  any sign of four young white men who might, just might, happen along the highway.
  Isabel turned around and looked in the rear of the ambulance to find something
  she could drape over her shoulders to cover her nakedness if they ever did
  find their sons. She pulled two white sheets off the stretchers on either side
  and put it over herself like a cloak and placed the other beside Moira. Moira
  looked at the sheet and nodded to indicate she would put it on later. An hour
  later, driving down the coastal highway towards the city, they saw a small
  tight group of four white youths. "Iff 'em!" Isabel cried. "Iff haff to be
  fem. Hurry up, Moira, I haffa fee fair fafes," she said, brushing a tear away
  from her dirty, deeply-tanned face.  
Moira tramped on the accelerator and the ambulance hit 85 m.p.h., closing
  the half-mile distance quickly. Moira honked the ambulance's horn as she pulled
  up to the group and the four young men turned around as one and instantly recognized
  their mothers inside the emergency vehicle. Moira braked and rolled down the
  window and told her first son: "Fop inna faack; wefa loffa falking to do." The
  son patted his mother's arm and the four ran around to the rear, opened the
  double doors and piled in as the ambulance sped off into the city. Much of
  the conversation that ensued focused on their mothers' conditions, the anguish
  and anxiety of the sudden deaths of their fathers, insistence on going to the
  police and state officials to lay criminal charges and effect their release
  from the country and how each person had coped with the trauma and crises of
  the past few months. The sons averted their glances when the white sheets covering
  Isabel's and Moira's frames fell away here and there to reveal a deeply-tanned,
  branded bosom, a handcuff or a length of chain that adorned their bodies. "Mum,
  are you sure you're all right?" Moira's oldest son asked her finally, after
  25 minutes of intense, mother-and-son conversation and revelation, the sons
  straining to make sense of their mothers' garbled speech. "Yeff, fon, fonsidering
  whaff Iffabel and I haf been fru, we're all right. I'll tell you more when
  we get to the polife ftation." The ambulance motored on into the suburbs of
  the Ushwant capital with Moira still capably at the wheel. Suddenly, Moira
  started to shudder and shake as the shock and fear of the past few months caved
  in on her. Isabel looked at her friend and said: "Moira, fop the ambulanf at
  onfe!! Here, pull ofer, now; you're not well enough to drive," she said, holding
  onto the wheel with her two chained hands while the boys in the rear looked
  on, at once afraid for their mothers and their own safety, as the vehicle lurched
  onto the narrow, clay shoulder. "Oy, mum, you two ought to be in the back and
  we'll look after the driving," Isabel's oldest son said. "You've been through
  enough so you should be in the back, on these little carts, and we'll look
  after the driving from here on in. In fact, I think I know where the nearest
  cop-shop is." With that, the boys clambered out the back of the ambulance and
  helped their mothers out of the driver and passenger doors. The sons, still
  reeling from seeing their mothers naked and chained during the assault on the
  desert palace, were even more disturbed as Moira nearly fainted in her sons'
  arms as they helped her into the back of the ambulance. Moira's sheet fell
  away from her body and her sons picked it up quickly and threw it inside the
  cab beside her. Isabel, slightly more robust than her friend, allowed her two
  boys to take her by the arms while she clutched at her sheet to protect her
  modesty and hoist her into the back beside Moira. "We'll be OK for now, boys;
  you take care of the driving, don't turn around for the next few minutes while
  I get Moira sorted out here and let's find that police station," Isabel said,
  her speech clarity showing marked improvement with recent exercise of her disused
  jaw and facial muscles. "Now go!!" Isabel helped her friend lie down on the
  narrow stretcher and arranged her bedsheet over her busty body, covering her
  with a blanket. Isabel then lay down on the stretcher on the other side and
  ensured she was well-covered. The ambulance sped on. About 25 minutes later,
  Moira's sons recognized the Ushwanti symbol for police station and turned off
  the highway into the dusty little parking lot with its small, whitewashed,
  concrete-block building and a couple of little black police cars parked in
  front. The boys assisted their mothers out of the rear of the ambulance an
  escorted them inside to greet a surprised desk sergeant. After briefly explaining
  their presence and their mother's unusual garb, the sergeant said he would
  return immediately with the chief of detectives. Moments later, Isabel and
  Moira were dictating their statements into running tape recorders while the
  chief of detectives, Nick Asswami, took copious notes. Two hours later, Isabel
  and Moira completed their statements and, by turns, covered events from the
  September 1975 day they received invitations to Hotel Balmoral to meet Dr.
  Lord, in chains, to the present, January 16, 1976. Det. Asswami shook his head
  in disbelief and the desk sergeant stood in awe and admiration at the determination,
  fortitude and pluck of the women and their young sons to have endured such
  perilous adventures, complete with bondage, kidnappings, slavery, rescue, recapture
  and escape. "This sounds like the stuff of a weird adventure story but I believe
  every word you have spoken today, Mrs. Metcalfe and Mrs. MacPeak," the detective
  said.  
"This matter obviously has international ramifications and it will most certainly
  involve Interpol, Scotland Yard and the Northern Constabulary as well as the
  departments of foreign affairs of both our countries. "The suspects you have
  named in your statement -- Catherine, Joanne, Olivia and Sheik Abbadi and his
  many consorts &ndash; have been known to police here and in Europe and Great
  Britain for years but we have been unable to make our charges stick. They are,
  as you say, 'teflon-coated'," he smiled, "because the activities of this slavery
  cartel, in which Sheik Abbadi is a key executive, were extremely difficult
  to prove because no one in the past had been able, or willing, to come forward
  and give statements and evidence such as you have today. We are extremely grateful
  for your cooperation and I would like to extend my deepest admiration for your
  determination and resourcefulness that you have displayed by enduring the tribulations
  as evidenced in your statements. "Please also accept my humble condolences
  on the demise of your husbands. They sounded like brave men, indeed, and it
  is a rare privilege for me to be associated with people such as yourselves
  and your sons." "Now, Mrs. Metcalfe and Mrs. MacPeak, I will have to ask you
  to be photographed so that we can begin assembling evidence to bring these
  suspects to justice." The desk sergeant hustled away and readied another room
  nearby that held the police station's photographic equipment. ""May I have
  your approval for these photos, please?" the detective asked politely. Isabel
  and Moira agreed and they were ushered into the nearby room to have each of
  their bonds, chains and brands photographed and identified by Ursula, a police
  officer, while the boys gave their statements to the desk sergeant who also
  ran the tape recorder and took reams of notes. Attorneys were telephoned, Isabel's
  and Moira's stories were checked and re-checked and in 24 hours, 25 charges,
  ranging from murder and kidnapping to procurement and living off the avails
  of slavery, were developed, agreed to and approved. Warrants were issued for
  the arrests of Abbadi, Olivia, Catherine and Joanne and several others directly
  or indirectly related to the kidnapping and enslavement of Moira MacPeak and
  Isabel Metcalfe and the murders of their husbands, Graham and Peter. Moira
  and Isabel, still swathed in their bedsheets, were shown into a witness waiting
  room where Ursula offered them their first clothes -- a pair of sensible sun
  dresses -- since the scanty items they had received at the Abbadi palace.  
"Would you two ladies like some tea?" she offered. "I've just made a pot
  of Twinings and . . . . " Isabel and Moira perked up at hearing their favorite
  tea brand and nodded enthusiastically, still stunned at the rapidity of incredible
  events that washed over them. Once they were slaves, now they are key witnesses
  for the prosecution involving international slavery, kidnapping and murder. "May
  I please see your handcuffs so they may be removed?" Ursula asked Isabel and
  Moira politely as they sat sipping their tea in their bedsheets, eyeing the
  dresses. Moira walked over and showed her the cuffs that encircled her small,
  tanned wrists and their 12-in. chain. Ursula examined them and shook her head
  at their implacable appearance. "I don't know how these come off," she said
  finally, "unless we cut them off." "They don't come off," Isabel interjected. "You
  would not believe the long, incredible story how we came to be like this. I've
  already covered some of the details in our formal statements so please don't
  concern yourselves with them. We may have to wear them for the rest of our
  lives. Right, Moira?" Moira nodded, sipping her cup of Twinings, displaying
  no outward signs of distress at this realization. Ursula showed Isabel and
  Moira a pair of tropical sun dresses, sensible shoes and hats for them to wear
  and said she would wait outside while they got dressed. Moira, setting her
  tea down on the desk, clinked over to the neatly-folded dress and held the
  first one up against her bosom. "This might fit," she said, her voice restoring
  wonderfully as well. "My measurements have changed -- and 'er chained -- a
  whole lot since I last tried on a dress but let's see if we can squeeze into
  them, Is. Hee-hee." It was the first light moment they had experienced in months.
  The two women wriggled into the sun dresses awkwardly, setting their chains
  a-clatter, and managed to button the spaghetti straps over their shoulders.
  They stepped into the comfortable loafers and, once again, looked presentable
  except for their steel collars, handcuffs and chains that depended from under
  their knee-length hemlines to their leg irons. Except for the chains, they
  could have been Scottish tourists on vacation in Africa instead of recently-freed
  slaves.  
Det. Asswami knocked on the door and said police forces had been dispatched
  to the Abbadi palace to round up the suspects, bring them in for questioning
  and the laying of charges. "Would you please identify them in a lineup in the
  next day or so?" he asked formally. "Yes, we certainly will," Moira and Isabel
  chorused, clenching their fists in their handcuffs with excitement and resolution. "Very
  well, then; I have been authorized to offer you two hotel accommodation, under
  police guard, of course, until our suspects have been arraigned in court and
  a trial date set; this may take several days, of course, and in the meantime,
  we will contact your government and Scotland Yard so that your return to Scotland
  will be completed as expeditiously as possible. After trial." This latter statement
  sank home heavily as Isabel and Moira became suddenly aware they would be the
  prosecution's key witnesses. "We need to talk to a lawyer," Isabel replied. "We've
  never testified before in court and we want to be advised of our rights." "Of
  course, and all in good time. You will be given a court-appointed lawyer in
  coming days. Rest assured your rights will be protected and that these suspects
  will feel the full effects of the law, if they are found guilty." Det. Asswami
  beamed as he thought of the possibility of a promotion in bringing the sheik
  and his clan to justice &ndash; a major coup for his small unit. "Of course,
  they are innocent until pr. . . ." "Oh, aye, they're guilty all right," Moira
  blurted. "Look what they've done to us and our bodies," she said, "shaking
  her handcuffs are him for emphasis. "I was a free woman, happily married, before
  I was kidnapped and saw my husband murdered before my eyes. Isabel and I endured
  slavery, we were worked almost to death for months on end, chained all the
  As well, Isabel and I had sensible figures before; now, we look like big-titted
  bimbos from Hollywood Hell, USA. Do you know how heavy these tits get, lugging
  them around every day? Put two 10-pound bags on your chest and walk around
  all day and see what it's like, mon!" Moira surprised even herself at her angry
  burst and Det. Asswami blushed and excused himself while Ursula re-entered
  to offer them a drive to a luxury hotel, under police guard, in the central
  part of the city.  
They were shown out to a waiting police car and driven to a swank hotel in
  the downtown core where they were greeted by management and escorted by freight
  elevator to the penthouse. Isabel and Moira were reunited with their boys,
  who marvelled at the dramatic change in their mothers' appearance, and the
  six Scots enjoyed first-class accommodation and meals, at government expense,
  until they were summoned officially to identify the suspects in a lineup three
  days later. Isabel and Moira were quick to identify their kidnappers, the slave-auction
  master of ceremonies and Abbadi himself to Det. Asswami who grinned and turned
  quickly solemn. "You are certain these are the people you have identified?" Moira
  and Isabel nodded. "They will, therefore, be placed in custody and will appear
  in court tomorrow for arraignments on a total of 25 extremely-serious charges
  each. "Life imprisonment is the ultimate penalty in Ushwant, and if convictions
  are secured, then these people will never walk free again, rest assured of
  that." Meanwhile, a female doctor from Edinburgh, Scotland, along with senior
  government officials from Great Britain and Ushwant had arrived to respectively
  examine them for fitness to appear as trial witnesses and advise them of their
  return-travel arrangements and the interest each government had in their testimonies.
  The Scottish doctor conducted a cursory examination of the woman's bodies,
  hemming and hawing at their steel bonds and, after asking a series of questions
  pronounced them physically and psychologically fit to provide evidence for
  the prosecution. The government officials then stepped in and advised them
  how appreciative each authority was of their evidence and that they were being
  considered for formal commendations by the governments of Great Britain and
  Ushwant. The trial, they were told, would begin in about one week and they
  were to stay in the penthouse until summoned. The week passed uneventfully
  and Isabel and Moira were bemused to read the local newspapers' accounts of
  the police investigations, arrests in the desert and arraignments of the 10
  people who had a total of 25 charges read out to each of them.  
Each pleaded not guilty and the trial would be in six days. Moira and Isabel
  had received several more dresses from the hotel dress shop and, the day of
  the trial, were dressed in lovely, light summer outfits that displayed their
  bosomy figures, deep tans and chains to outstanding effect. Moira and Isabel
  tried to hide their slave brands underneath their bodices that strained with
  the weight of their heavy breasts. They and their sons were taken by escort
  to the courthouse, not far from the hotel, by police officers they did not
  recognize and as soon as they made their difficult, short-stepped way up the
  entranceway into the imposing Justice Building, they were grabbed by bailiffs
  and placed into holding cells in a case of mistaken identity. The ex-slaves
  could not believe their misfortune but the bailiffs believed the police were
  delivering inmates for some court procedure and had whisked them away to await
  assignment of a courtroom and time. The boys stood, mystified, in the cavernous
  hallways and stopped one of the bailiffs. "Those are our mothers you've taken
  away, Mrs. MacPeak and Mrs. Metcalfe, of Scotland, and they are being held
  by egregious error. Please them at once; they are witnesses for the prosecution
  in the Abbadi case. Please!" Once more, they were released from their small
  prison cells with profuse apologies from the director of security. Isabel and
  Moira were then led, their chains clinking noisily on the marble floors, to
  Courtroom No. 3 where the trial would begin. Isabel, Moira and their sons sat
  through the opening procedure and, soon, all six were called as prosecution
  witnesses after piece after piece of evidence was brought out, identified and
  placed in the record. Isabel and Moira were questioned and cross-examined politely
  and the judge listened carefully as they recounted the many sordid events of
  the past 51/2 months, from Hotel Balmoral to Ushwant prison, to the canefields
  and dungeons, and to eventual release. After two days only of hearing witnesses,
  statements, affidavits and closing arguments from the prosecution and defence,
  the judge retired to consider a verdict. Court was adjourned and Isabel and
  Moira sighed in relief when they were told the judge's verdict would be delivered
  in 24 hours.  
Next day, they returned to the courtroom and the judge said he found all
  10 guilty on all counts and sentenced each to life imprisonment with no opportunity
  for parole. Moira and Isabel, vindicated and relieved, shook hands and hugged
  with a clatter of chain and walked out of the courtroom as the 10 suspects
  were led away. Photographers and reporters gaggled on the steps outside the
  court and Isabel and Moira, with their sons in tow, stopped to have their pictures
  taken, holding their chained hands up in victory salute as flashbulbs popped.
  They were driven back to the hotel and told to get packed for their return
  trip, direct from Ushwant international airport, to Prestwick, Scotland, via
  executive jet. The women, still in their light sundresses, dozed during the
  seven-hour flight, restless in their seats as they tried to make themselves
  comfortable, recalling a similar flight under dire circumstances several months
  ago. The boys made plans for their fathers' funerals while the little jet droned
  on over the skies of Africa, the Mediterranean, France, the English Channel,
  England, and finally, Scotland. The plane screeched down the main runway at
  Prestwick in late-January 1976 and slowed to turn onto the taxiway and onto
  the apron in front of the arrivals platform. The Metcalfes and MacPeaks, exiting
  the plane slowly at their mothers' restricted paces, were unprepared for the
  throng of reporters and photographers that waited for them in the arrivals
  area and airport security officials escorted them quickly through customs and
  out through the double doors where limousines would drive them home to rural
  Renfrewshire, 2&frac12; hours away. Isabel and Moira, jet-lagged and incredulous,
  clinked and clattered up their stairways into their quiet little houses in
  rural western Scotland. They were home at last but did not feel comfortable.
  Each bade their sons good night and Isabel and Moira walked into their bedrooms,
  undressed and fell into bed, naked as usual, as sleep eluded them hour after
  hour.  
Each woman, restless and alone at home for the first time in many years,
  began to endure a series of flashbacks, some intense and some less so, as their
  minds recalled kidnaps and operations, the terrible Ushwant prison and their
  heavy chains &ndash; all crowded their minds as Isabel and Moira tossed and
  turned, tangling themselves in their chains uncomfortably night after night.
  Post-traumatic stress disorder had set in and Isabel and Moira and their sons
  knew they needed medical attention right away. After two days and nights of
  torment, Isabel called Moira to ask how she was getting on. "Not well, Isabel;
  the nightmares, you know," Moira replied. The boys also were having difficulty
  sleeping, she said, and she planned to ask her family doctor for a referral
  to a psychologist as soon as possible. First, they had to get their husbands'
  funerals behind them and that sad occasion passed solemnly as Isabel and Moira
  paid their last respects in the small-town church with its adjacent cemetery
  they had attended since childhood. Isabel and Moira, still in their African
  sun dresses, were warmed in the chill early February afternoon by woolen cloaks
  draped over their tanned, muscular shoulders. Both women, standing still as
  statues, wrung their chained hands in sorrow under the grey folds of their
  cloaks. Isabel's chains chinked softly but her shackles imparted a welcome
  sense of security. Her chains had become a part of her, a "friend, almost," and
  she vaguely welcomed the clutch of metal on her wrists, ankles, neck and breasts
  during the heartbreaking graveside scene. She knew she needed help -- fast.  
Epilog Days after the funeral, Isabel and Moira saw their family doctors
  who examined them and referred them to psychologists for tests and counselling.
  Isabel's and Moira's psychologists, Dr. Peter Hayward and Dr. Eoin MacDougall,
  of Ediburgh, said each woman was physically fit, despite their steel bonds
  (which they found sexually attractive but would never admit it), but confirmed
  PTSD was present and they would have to be treated immediately. The Scottish-trained
  PhDs, who studied clinical psychology at the University of Edinburgh, were
  single, handsome and in their 30s.  
They said they would do their best to help expunge Mrs. Metcalfe's and Mrs.
  MacPeak's demons -- and were successful after months of intensive therapy and
  counselling. The fours sons, stalwart and stoic throughout, returned early
  to their Royal Navy units and received counselling at their home units, after
  they were paraded before their executive officer for being "adrift" for more
  than 162 days. They recovered fully from their ordeals and were sources of
  strength and inspiration for their mothers who continued seeing their doctors
  three times a week. In late-1976, the doctors compared notes and found Isabel
  and Moira had progressed slowly but steadily and were well on their way to
  rehabilitation. Their patients' dreams were recurring less and less and their
  daily lives were returning to normal slowly. Both women began dating their
  doctors and Isabel, who resigned from the University of Edinburgh's metallurgy
  division that year, fell in love with Dr. Hayward. They became engaged in 1978
  and were married in1980, the same year Moira, who had also resigned from the
  mill, and Isabel were summoned to the town hall to receive bravery commendations
  from the Scottish government &ndash; for "courage, fortitude and unwavering
  determination in the face of appalling conditions and events" -- in the East
  African desert four years ago. The four sons also received commendations from
  the Royal Navy and were promoted to the rank of leading seaman, while their
  fathers became legendary local heroes and their names and exploits were mentioned
  nearly every week by nearly everyone who knew them &ndash; and those who did
  not. In 1981, Isabel and Moira, still in chains, embarked on a public-speaking
  tour to describe, in first-person, the horrific events that swept them up in
  1975-76. They were interviewed and photographed over and over by the media
  and became the "brave duchesses of bondage" in the Scottish tabloid press.
  In 1990 - 1992, at age 50, Moira and Isabel received generous pensions from
  the government, the woolen mill and the University of Edinburgh. Further tests
  by Dr. Michael Ledstone, the metallurgist you met in Through Night to Light,
  showed Isabel's and Moira's collars, handcuffs, leg chains, nipple and vaginal
  rings and connecting chains all were of the same, immutable metallic matter
  that defied science.  
Later, Isabel and Moira married their doctors and the women, now financially
  secure with their tax-free government and (taxable) private pensions as well
  as their husbands' incomes, set up a public relations firm specializing in
  communications, public speaking, self-confidence and assertiveness training.
  Today, the women, still buxom, curvy and tanned in their early 60s, enjoy a
  satisfying and fulfilling sex life with their husbands after it was discovered
  that months and years of their chains tugging at their nether rings had elongated
  their labia majora slightly to allow penetration. The sensations were "wicked," their
  husbands told Isabel and Moira privately, feeling the sensation of metal rubbing
  against inside their orifices as Isabel and Moira embraced their husbands during
  their lovemaking with the same ardour as they did with Peter and Graham. (But
  they would not admit that to anyone; not even you, dear reader). Mrs. Isabel
  Hayward and Mrs. Moira MacDougall can be seen on the streets of their little
  Scottish town every day, coming and going from their little storefront office
  on High Street. They wear their chains proudly, almost like the bravery decorations
  they pin on their jackets once a year to mark the anniversaries of their late
  husbands' murders, and they long ago adapted their posture and pace to accommodate
  their handcuffs and leg irons. Small diamond-and-pearl pendants hang from each
  woman's collar-loop and the rest of their chains have become a part of their
  physical and psychological makeups; they were able to accept them during their
  slavery and, after years in the media limelight, Isabel and Moira can easily
  fend off or ignore the few furtive glances and quiet comments that passers-by
  and their clients might display from time to time. Isabel and Moira dressed
  fashionably and sensibly long before their adventures in bondage began in the
  mid-1970s. Still collared, handcuffed, pierced and chained as they were in
  1975, they have had to adapt their wardrobe to accommodate their unremovable
  chains and shackles. A look inside the women's closets will show rows of fashionable
  dresses, skirts and specially-tailored tops cut so they can be slipped on over
  their heads and arms and fastened at the sides. Their knee-length dresses all
  have small shoulder straps that fasten with buttons or snaps at the tops of
  their bodices and they have given up long ago their search for a comfortable
  bra.  
Their 48-G bustlines, in fact, have retained the same, heavy, teardrop shape
  they had been given by their plastic surgeries in 1975. And they are pleased
  and proud of their sexy, starlet-like figures and their clothes and figures
  underscore their pleasure with their bodies. They have become regular attendees
  at concerts in Glasgow by the Royal Scottish National Orchestra and the Haywards
  and MacDougalls never fail to turn heads at the upscale events when Isabel
  and Moira turn up in their snug, black, form-fitting, floor-length evening
  gowns that reveal spectacular cleavage, their steel collars and handcuffs at
  once. Their small strides, hidden in the graceful folds of their long dresses,
  give them a sexy, graceful walk as they take their seats front-row centre once
  a month at the concert hall. Orchestra members have been known to miss their
  cues and entries as their attentions were diverted from their scores and the
  conductor to the sexy pair sitting 25-ft. away. I know; I was one. It happened
  the night the orchestra was accompanying a young female solo violinist in Max
  Bruch's extremely difficult Scottish   Fantasy  and,
  well, that's another story. Today, Isabel's and Moira's bank accounts are reported
  to be in the seven-figure range; they and their husbands live in palatial country
  houses, drive Jaguars and expensive town cars and take extended vacations to
  Spain each year. The women have avoided travel to Africa although they have
  received invitations from the Government of the State of Ushwant to pay a courtesy
  call, at their expense. Each invitation has been ignored. Are Isabel Hayward
  and Moira MacDougall free women today? Or are they still slaves within? You
  will have to ask them.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sailor 861


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





