BDSM Library - El Alacran




El Alacran
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Carmen is going shopping when she is picked up by the secret police. They have something special in mind for her.El alacr&aacute;n    
   
Chapter 1  
Carmen was a very frightened woman. At 11 a.m. that morning she had been
  on her way to the shops when a man got out of a car parked at the side of the
  road.  
"Get in." he had said, opening the door at the back. Suddenly she realized
  two men were behind her. They had come from nowhere and were blocking her from
  turning to run. Once before she had seen something similar happen. A woman
  had been hustled into a waiting car and driven off at high speed. No-one, not
  even a cop standing at the side of the road had made a move. Everyone knew
  who the men had been &ndash; Secret Police. Now they had come for her.  
As they headed downtown she said to the men who sat next to her.  
"I am Carmen Hernadez. There must be some mistake. I don't have any interest
  in politics."  
"Now who said anything about politics?" the man in the front said.  
Carmen decided to shut up.  
The car pulled into a back street and then turned into gateway. The massive
  metal gates swung back and they drove into a large garage. The doors closed
  behind the car and she was hustled out and into a corridor. They went down
  some stairs and into a basement.  
Somewhere ahead of them Carmen suddenly heard a long and loud shriek. Her
  legs felt weak and she suddenly wanted to go to the toilet very badly. Like
  most people in her country she knew what happened to people who fell foul of
  the secret police.  
She was taken into a room where a man sat behind a desk. From the stethoscope
  on his desk Carmen guessed the man was a doctor.  
"Get undressed." he ordered.  
Carmen went red with shame and tears began rolling down her cheeks but she
  obeyed the command. She had never undressed before a strange man before and
  to make matters worse one of the policemen who had arrested her was still in
  the room.  
Dispassionately he watched her strip. He had never had a thing about dumpy
  short haired women so he wasn't that interested. Not when there was better
  stuff already in the cells waiting to be raped and tortured.  
The doctor made a cursory examination and then said "She's fit enough for
  interrogation."  
The policeman tossed her a plastic sack and a complete tracksuit. "Put your
  clothes in the sack and then put these on." He waited until she had done as
  she was told and then snapped, "Turn around." He cuffed her hands behind her
  back and dropped a large black hood over her head before pushing her towards
  the door.  
Carmen stumbled along the corridor trying not to bang into anything or fall
  over. She heard a door being opened to her left and the guard snapped "Halt."  
She was pushed unceremoniously through the door which shut behind her. The
  room stank of human waste. "If you want to go to the toilet there's a tin in
  the far corner."  
Carmen groped her way blindly across the floor feeling very carefully for
  the tin. As she tried to work out how she was going to use the tin she heard
  a low moan from the opposite corner. She froze.  
"Is there someone there?" she whispered.  
There was another moan and a weak voice said "Is that you Maria?"  
"No &ndash; I'm Carmen."  
There was another moan.  
"Are you alright?"  
"No. I've been tortured every day since I brought here." There was another
  moan and the voice said weakly "I'm Isabella. They've just finished with me."  
Suddenly a woman's voice could be heard coming down the corridor.  
"No please, please. I don't know anything. Please don't hurt me again.  
They heard the door of the neighboring room opening. "I should cover your
  ears if you can." Isabella whispered. They've just taken someone next door &ndash; that's
  the torture chamber.  
The woman could be heard begging and crying. "No please don't put that inside
  me. PLEASE. AARH. TAKE IT OUT. PLEASE TAKE IT OUT." And then she began to scream &ndash; an
  inhuman sound that just seemed to go on and on.  
Then the door of the cell opened and a voice called out "New prisoner get
  up."  
Carmen climbed to her feet.  
"Hurry up. We haven't got all day."  
Someone came into the room and grabbed her. She was taken into the corridor
  and then they turned straight into the torture chamber. The room was very hot
  and smelled of blood and urine plus something else which she could not identify.  
"Ah we have a visitor. Somebody who wants to see what we do to silly women
  who want to get involved in things that don't concern them. Bring her over
  here and take her hood off."  
Her guard did as he was told.  
At waist height in front of her was a metal bed frame. Lying on it was her
  friend Diana. Her arms were stretched over her head at an angle tied to the
  corners of the bed and her legs were similarly tied at the bottom of the frame.
  Her body was in the form of an X. Carmen saw that metal clips with toothed
  jaws had been attached to her friend's nipples. Wires led from these back to
  a box on table next to the bed where a grinning man sat. More wires led from
  this box to a socket on the wall. A pair of wires led back to Diana's body
  and Carmen saw with horror that they were placed inside her friend's vagina.
  A tiny trickle of blood was seeping from her friend's cunt. A pool of urine
  on the floor showed that she had also lost control of her bladder.  
One of the four men in the room leaned over Diana. "Now I'm going to ask
  you again. Where are the weapons? If you don't tell us now we'll put the gag
  in and your next chance will be in 30 minutes when we take it out again."  
Carmen was stunned. The leader nodded to one of his men who leaned over Diana.
  The terrified girl tried to move her head but she stood no chance. Her mouth
  was forced open and something brown was pushed inside &ndash; a strap was tightened
  behind her head ensuring the strip of leather could not fall out.  
Seeing Carmen's face the leader smiled. "The pain will get so bad she could
  end up biting her tongue in two or smashing her teeth. We don't want that to
  happen. You'll get your chance to find out what it's like next. Give it to
  her tits Osvaldo. Keep varying the power."  
"Sir." Osvaldo turned a control on the box and pressed a button. Diana made
  incoherent sounds and jerked wildly on the bed. For about ten minutes Osvaldo
  kept applying the current to Diana's nipples, zapping them for about thirty
  seconds, pausing to allow the poor woman get her breath back while he judged
  whether to increase or decrease the current, making an adjustment and then
  zapping her again. One man kept his attention fixed on her face. "She's losing
  sensitivity mate" he called out.  
Osvaldo instantly killed the current and stood up. He leaned across Diana
  and removed the clips on her nipples making her shudder again. He looked at
  the leader who nodded.  
He reached across and took Diana's right nipple between his thumb and forefinger
  and began rubbing and squeezing the swollen and burned teat. From somewhere
  deep inside Diana began to howl inhumanly. Then he turned his attention to
  her left nipple and repeated the process.  
"As you can see Osvaldo knows how to get the best out of his apparatus. Would
  you say you were the best electrical torturer here, Osvaldo?"  
"No sir Corporal Pereira is the best but he doesn't do so much now he's working
  for the Colonel."  
Without pausing Osvaldo stopped squeezing Diana's nipples and began to press
  and twist her breasts bringing forth unnatural gurgles from the strapped down
  victim. He did this for a few minutes and then clipped the vicious jaws back
  on to her nipples.  
"You've still got twenty minutes left before we take the gag out." said the
  leader. "Shall we start on your cunt again?"  
Diana shook her head wildly from side to side. "So you'd prefer it if we
  kept burning your tits would you?"  
Again Diana shook her head.  
"Oh dear she doesn't know what she wants. Zap her wherever you like Osvaldo."  
The leader of the group turned to Carmen. "One thing you may not know is
  that electrical current damages the body in lots of ways. Even if we don't
  give her another shock in her tits for days they will still hurt incredibly."  
Suddenly Diana lurched on the bed. Her groin lifted as far off the metal
  as it was able and her buttocks clenched and unclenched in spasms. Blood begin
  to ooze out.  
Seeing how pale Carmen had gone the commander grinned. "Bad is it? We know
  she's not a major leader. For those we get really nasty. The Colonel himself
  supervises. He has his own torture room &ndash; far better equipped than this
  one for loosening stubborn tongues. We use the most skilled torturers who know
  that women are a lot tougher than men and have to be hurt really badly to make
  them talk. There's also a doctor in the room to make sure they don't die. Though
  of course once it starts, they beg to be killed. The Colonel will be ready
  for you in a few minutes. Oh and by the way Corporal Pereira will be doing
  any electrical torture he wants doing. I think your friend here has been very
  lucky."  
Diana's body left the bed for a few moments and twisted in the air and a
  gargled shriek of agony left her lips.  
"I see you're hitting all the right spots Osvaldo."  
"Yes sir. Tits and cunt together &ndash; a winning combination. Corporal
  Pereira taught me that but he's still got a few extra tricks up his sleeve."  
The door opened and a woman put her head around it.  
"The Colonel's ready for her now."  
"OK." He grinned at Carmen. "Well we'll be hearing from you shortly."  
When they took Carmen out of torture chamber they headed down the corridor.
  A man they met on the way stopped and grinned as they met, "Someone off to
  the Colonel's playroom?"  
The Colonel's 'playroom' was larger than the torture chamber they had just
  come from but Carmen didn't really get a chance to look at it before a blindfold
  was put over her eyes. Her clothes were pulled off roughly and within a minute
  of entering the room she was lying naked on a metal bed just like her friend.  
It was all too much. Suddenly she found she had lost control of both her
  sphincters and there was the stench of urine and shit in the air.  
"Ugh!" one of the men said. "Didn't she have an enema?"  
"Wasn't time."  
She heard a tap being turned over by the wall and suddenly a jet of freezing
  cold water hit her body between the legs.  
Carmen began to babble "Please, please don't torture me. I'll do anything
  you want. I'll spy for you."  
Somebody laughed.  
"Give her the prod Luis and get her screaming."  
"No please don't. I hate the Commies. I can help you catch them."  
A cold metal tip touched her left nipple.  
"NO! I'll help you catch the traitors. I'll let you have sex with me."  
Once again someone laughed but this time a different voice said "That's enough."  
Carmen felt her bonds being loosened and she was helped off the bed frame.
  The blindfold was taken off and she blinked in the bright lights. An older
  man was looking at her intently. He nodded at Carmen's clothes which had been
  thrown over a chair. "Get dressed and come with me."  
She did as she was told, following him into a neighboring office.  
"Sit down." He waited while she did so and continued, "So you want to work
  for us?"  
Carmen nodded and said eagerly "I am sure there are a lot of traitors at
  the University. I can help you get them."  
"You know what we do to women here. What happens if these traitors are women?"  
"If they are Commies they deserve everything they get."  
"What about your friend Diana?"  
"Her too." Carmen didn't hesitate.  
"What about people who aren't communist?"  
"Anyone who isn't pro-Government is a traitor or a potential traitor."  
The Colonel smiled coldly. "I'm not convinced yet. Come with me."  
He stood up and led the way out of the room, down the corridor and around
  the corner. When she heard a terrible scream Carmen suddenly realized they
  were returning to another torture chamber. The Colonel opened the door and
  ushered her in. A naked man was hanging from the ceiling. Carmen had never
  seen a real naked man before and initially was not sure where to look. The
  Colonel said sardonically "You may as well look at his cock now. You'll be
  using this on it in a moment." From the table next to the door he picked up
  a cattle prod. Thoughtfully he pushed the tip against the man's lips and pressed
  a button. There was the smell of burning and the hanging man screamed loudly. "It
  works." He handed Carmen the prod. "This man is not a Commie but he thinks
  the General is a crook. Is he a traitor?"  
"Yes." said Carmen.  
"Torture him then. Press the end where you want to shock him and then press
  the button."  
Carmen's hands were shaking slightly as she took the prod.  
"Start with his cock." he advised.  
As Carmen pressed the prod against the victim's cock she felt strangely excited.
  When she pressed the button and he screamed loudly she suddenly felt more powerful
  than she had ever done before. Again and again she pressed the button. The
  smell of burning flesh filled the room. Eventually the man's screams stopped.  
"I think you've killed him." the Colonel said. One of the torturers who was
  in the room felt for a pulse. "He's still alive Sir"  
"Take him back to his cell and bring the next one in."  
The next one was a good looking boy of about sixteen. His face was white
  and he was trembling all over and he was made to strip. When he was completely
  naked the Colonel said to Carmen. "Nice looking boy isn't he. Would you like
  him to play with you?" He winked. "It's one of the perks of the job."  
Aware of the damp feeling between her legs Carmen nodded.  
"Lie on your back on that mattress boy." the Colonel ordered.  
A blood stained mattress was dragged from the corner of the room.  
"Why don't you let him lick your pussy?" the Colonel suggested.  
Carmen pulled her tracksuit bottom off and walked over to the boy. She had
  had fantasies about this kind of thing but no-one had ever done it for real.
  She knelt on the mattress with her knees either side of the boy's head and
  pushed her snatch into his face.  
The Colonel looked at the boy's appalled face. "You have a choice son. You
  either lick this woman's pussy really well or we give you the same medicine
  as the previous guy. Which is it to be?"  
The boy started licking. Carmen opened her cunt with her fingers and pushed
  her clit against his mouth. "Just there sonny boy. Just there." she murmured.  
Thirty minutes later Carmen and the Colonel were sitting together in his
  office. Somewhere down the corridor someone was screaming his or her head off.
  It was funny, Carmen thought, how one's attitude changed. She didn't care who
  it was just as long as it wasn't her.  
"Why didn't you fuck him?" the Colonel asked.  
Carmen shrugged. "I come from a fertile family. My mother always says we
  don't need a man to give us babies. A sneeze would probably do as well."  
"Oh well if that's all it is there's no problem. See the doctor on the way
  out and he'll give you the Pill. You may as well get all the fringe benefits." He
  lit a cigar. "If you do well you'll be rewarded. There is a small salary and
  you get a bonus for every traitor we pick up. I decide on the amount of the
  bonus. You might like to remember the payment is higher if they are young,
  female and good looking. Of course you may get another type of bonus in kind
  for good looking men. Now about your work. I'll be honest with you. I don't
  care for students much &ndash; they have too much time to hang around getting
  up to mischief. The only students I want to see at that university are the
  sons and possibly daughters of loyal government supporters. It will be your
  job to pose as a sympathizer and monitor developments. If you also manage to
  steer some of the people who are waverers in their support for us into groups
  where we can pick them up and deal with them that's even better."  
"An agent-provocateur?" Carmen suggested.  
The Colonel grinned. "Precisely. And as you are going to responsible for
  some pain and upset we'll give you a code name to fit. The scorpion &ndash; el
  alacr&aacute;n."  
To be continued.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bond


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





