BDSM Library - Mira's Collection




Mira's Collection
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rich people are known for their eccentric hobbies, and Mira is no exception. Hers just happen to include collecting humans...Mira's Collection  
By  
Allison Wonderland  
Chapter One - Molly  
Molly's useless hands pawed at her crotch as best they could. Even if they
  weren't taped into fists there was nothing they could do to stop the vibrating
  dildo and butt plug buried deep inside her, encased as she was in leather,
  but the reaction was reflexive. Molly fell to her knees, her paw-like hands
  still pressed against her lower region. Just as she was about to orgasm, the
  vibrations stopped. Molly struggled to stand, but the short hobble chair connecting
  her feet caused her to slip and fall. Her heavy breathing was inhibited by
  the tight corset she was wearing, and the ball gag in her mouth. Tears welled
  up in Molly's eyes as she recalled how her current situation had come about.  
* * *  
To say Molly had few friends would be a gross understatement. She was new
  in town, new to the country actually. The person with whom she shared the greatest
  emotional bond within a thousand miles was the guy at the gas station who let
  keep a bottle of soda even though she was two cents short of the purchase price.  
She was fresh out of college, and decided to try her hand at the whole
    backpacking clich&eacute;. The States were cheaper than a plane ticket, so
    she started there. Nowadays, hitch hiking is a lot more difficult. Fewer
    and fewer people are willing to pick up strangers. Still, Molly managed to
    get picked up by a nice woman in her early 30's who offered to drive her
    as far as New York. She introduced herself a Mira, and the two began to talk.
    Young and na&iuml;ve, she gave out a little too much information. Mira saw
    an opportunity. She offered her young passenger some coffee from a thermos,
    which Molly gladly accepted. Molly was too busy spilling her guts to realize
    that Mira wasn't drinking any coffee herself. The drug took effect almost
    immediately, and Molly began to feel drowsy. She trusted her new friend though,
    and felt perfectly safe nodding off for just a little while. 
  She awoke several hours later, dazed and confused. Her jaw hurt. Lots things
  hurt actually, but it felt like there was something filling her mouth. She
  went to touch her mouth to find out what it was, but found that she was lying
  on a table, and her arms were secured to either corner above her head. More
  than that though, her hands were balled into fists, and held that way somehow.
  She tried to move her head to see what was going on, but he was held down as
  well. Her scream was muffled by whatever was filling her mouth.   
Molly lied on the table awake for at least an hour, and for god knows how
  long unconscious. She struggled quite a bit at first, but eventually gave up.
  Her arms and legs were held securely, as was her head. Overtop of the skintight
  black leather catsuit she had been stuffed into was a tight corset in matching
  material. Similar mitts were fitted over her taped hands. Her feet were in
  high-heeled boots built into the catsuit. The only part of her body not covered
  in leather was her face. Her red hair was held in a pony tail and fed out the
  back of a mask that covered her entire head, save the face. It was on overtop
  of the rubber ball gag that filled her mouth.  
After roughly an hour, Molly suddenly became keenly aware of the final
    components of her new outfit. The dildo and butt plug jumped to life, startling
    her. She began struggling again, trying hard not to be turned on by the toys.
    Just as she was on the cusp of an orgasm, they stopped.  
  Molly's mind raced. She tried to remember what the last thing she remembered
  was. She didn't have to think long, because soon Mira was looming above her,
  directly in her field of vision.   
"Well how have we been holding up?" asked Mira, sliding her hand down
    Molly's leather covered body. 
  Molly tensed and grunted in protest.   
"Sorry, that's not the answer I was looking for," said Mira. She pressed
  a button on a remote control in her hand, and Molly suddenly felt clamps close
  shut on her nipples. The clamps then began to vibrate. Another button made
  the butt plug return to life. Mira left Molly squirming and doing her best
  to scream. She was still held tight to the table.  
Mira returned a while later, turned off the butt plug, then deactivated the
  clamps. Molly managed a pretty impressive scream considering her gag as the
  blood rushed back into her sore nipples.  
"Now, I'm going to take the gag out and give you a drink of water.
    Not that it'll do any good, as this room is soundproof, but if you scream
    or try to speak, it's going right back in. Do you understand?" 
  Molly grunted in the affirmative.   
After undoing the head strap, Mira produced a key, and unlocked the
    collar that was made sure neither the catsuit nor the mask could be removed.
    After taking the mask off, she locked the collar again. Mira then unbuckled
    the gag. Molly worked her jaw painfully. She wanted to say something, but
    she was already afraid of her captor. 
  Mira pushed Molly's head upright, and held a glass of water to her mouth. Molly
  drank the water greedily. Mira picked the gag back up.  
"Open," she said.  
"No, please," said Molly shaking her head, tears in her eyes.   
Mira pressed a button on her control and the dildo sprang to life.
    Molly opened her mouth to scream in surprise and the ball gag was shoved
    back it. Molly cried as Mira buckled it back into place.  
"You are going to wish you hadn't done that," said Mira flatly.   
The dildo stopped, but the clamps bit back down on her already tender nipples.
  Despite Molly's struggles, Mira had no trouble replacing the mask and strapping
  her head back down. Once again all Molly could see was the ceiling. Soon, she
  couldn't even see that, as Mira added a blindfold with a pad for each eye.
  Mira unstrapped Molly's head, attached the blindfold and strapped it back down.
  The blindfold soaked up Molly's tears. Before she left, Mira activated the
  vibrator on the nipple clamps and the butt plug.  
Molly was left this way for quite a while. She couldn't determine how long,
  she had lost all meaningful track of time. She began to become keenly aware
  of the need to use the washroom, but clearly she was in no position to do so.
  The butt plug vibrating didn't help much either. With the blindfold over her
  eyes, and nothing to listen to but the hum of the vibrators and her own muffled
  grunts, Molly could do nothing but focus on the pain. She began crying again,
  although it was undetectable under the blindfold.  
By the time Mira returned, Molly was ready to burst. She had no way of communicating
  this to her captor, and no idea if anything would be done about it if she could.
  Mira seemed to have everything under control though. Molly couldn't see what
  was going on, but out of the corner of her eyes she could see Mira doing something
  at the far end of the table she was tied to. Before long, Molly could feel
  her bladder emptying, seemingly on its own, just as her anus began to fill
  with warm water. Frightened, she resumed her hobby of futile struggling.  
Mira walked to the other end of the table and stroked Molly's leather-covered
    head.  
"Ssh pet. We just need to clean you out," she held up the remote control "We
don't need to make this anymore painful than it needs to be." 
  Molly took the hint and settled down.   
Her bladder quickly emptied and Mira removed the tube connecting to
    the catheter. Molly's anus was filled to capacity with water and then emptied
    6 times in total, which cleared it of waste. Before removing the tube, however,
    Mira gave Molly one final enema, but didn't pump the water out. She merely
    removed the tube, and activated the butt plug. Mira removed Molly's blindfold
    and undid the strap holding her head down.  
"Now there are two ways we can do this. Either you agree to do exactly what I
tell you the second I tell you and I let you off this table, or I keep you strapped
here for another day with your ass full of water and see what you say then. So,
are you going to be a good girl and do what you're told?" 
  Molly shook her head yes. Her whole body ached; all she wanted to do was get
  off this table. Mira turned off the butt plug and emptied Molly of water, then
  wheeled the machine she was using away. When she returned, she undid one of
  Molly's legs and attached a short chain to a D ring on the boot. Then she released
  the other leg, and attached the other end of the chain to the other D ring.
  After that came the arms. Finally, Mira removed the blindfold. Mira helped
  Molly to her feet. The high heels combined with the short chain and the fact
  that she'd been tightly bound for more than 24 hours made walking a bit of
  an ordeal. Molly proved to be a quick study though, especially thanks to the
  helpful encouragement Mira offered via riding crop. 
  For the first time since she arrived there Molly got a good look at the room
  she was it. It was a small room, the table she had been strapped to took up
  much of the center of the room. The walls were padded and covered with racks
  of whips, crops and sex toys. There were two strong looking wooden doors on
  either side of the northernmost corner of the room.   
Mira opened one of the doors, and walked inside. Molly didn't know if she
  was expected to follow, and stood still for a moment. She quickly guessed her
  mistake, when her dildo and butt plugs both activated as one. Molly's useless
  hands pawed at her crotch as best they could. She fell to her knees. Just before
  she could orgasm, the buzzing toys stopped. Molly's eyes welled up with tears
  as she recalled how she came to be in her current predicament. The trip down
  memory lane was short lived, as Mira soon returned with the riding crop.  
Mira lead Molly into the next room, which contained a leather couch, a table
  with one chair, and another door that lead into what appeared to be a kitchen.
  Mira pushed Molly to her knees, and told her to stay put. Molly did as she
  was told, and Mira went into the kitchen. She reappeared a few minutes later
  with a dog bowl full of oatmeal, which she placed on the ground near Molly.  
Mira walked behind Molly and unlocked her collar, removing the mask
    and gag.  
"Eat up," she said. Molly looked up at Mira and held up her paw-like hands.  
"I'm sure you're figure out a way," said Mira, slapping the riding crop in her
hand. 
  Molly quickly pushed her face into the bowl and began eating the oatmeal. Mira
  sat on the couch and watched. Molly felt so strange and humiliated eating food
  like a dog, but she was afraid and did was she was told. She finished the food
  quickly, and licked the bowl clean.   
"Very good," said Mira, patting Molly on the head. 
  Mira walked back into the kitchen and returned with another gag. This one had
      a long tube coming out of one end. Molly wasn't sure what the tube was
      for, but she quickly found out first hand.  
"Open your mouth," said Mira. Molly complied.   
"Now swallow this," she said, feeding the tube into Molly's mouth. Molly
  reluctantly did so, feeling the tube slide down her throat. She repressed the
  urge to gag.  
The tube slid all the way down, and the rest of the gag was stuffed
    into her mouth and buckled. Then Mira replaced the mask, and relocked the
    collar.  
"All right, come this way," said Mira, attaching a leash to Molly's collar and
tugging. She led Molly back into the room with the table. Molly was scared that
she was going to be tied back down, but Mira instead walked to the other door
and opened it.   
The inside of the room terrified Molly. The room was a long hallway, filled
  on either side with large, tube-like glass tanks. Inside each tank, was a girl
  in similar bondage to that of Molly. They had tubes connected to their catheters
  and their butt plugs, and masks over their faces with tubes going in their
  noses and into small holes in their gags. Small holes like the one in the front
  of Molly's gag. The tanks were also full of a transparent orange liquid. Molly
  tried to scream, but her voice was stopped at its source by the tube. Molly
  pulled against the leash, but Mira was stronger, and practically dragged Molly
  down the hallway.  
Halfway down the hall, the glass tanks were all empty. Molly continued to
  struggle, and Mira grew impatient. She pressed all the buttons on her remote
  at once, and Molly fell to her knees. The force of the vibrators and the nipple
  clamps was too much to ignore, and Mira was able to get Molly into the tank
  and attach all the necessary tubes. She turned off the vibrators as she locked
  the tank shut, and airtight. Mira pressed the button on a control panel on
  the wall and the tank began to fill with a warm liquid. Air and food was pumped
  into Molly through the upper tubes, as the lower tubes took care of her bowl
  movements. Molly banged on the glass with her permanent fists, but it was no
  use. She was part of Mira's collection now.  
Chapter Two &ndash; Charlotte  
Mira walked into her trophy hall. There was a specific tank to which she
  had to pay her weekly visit.  
Charlotte was in Mira's collection before it technically qualified as a collection
  and Mira always made a point to visit her once a week. She was sentimental
  that way. Charlotte was from an earlier time when Mira was a little more elaborate
  with her captures. These days she seemed to go for quantity over quality. She
  made a mental note to take more pleasure in the collection process in the future,
  to be a bit more creative.  
Charlotte's closed eyes could be seen through the eyeholes in her mask. The
  mask covered her entire face, except for holes for her eyes and nostrils, and
  a small opening in the back for her pony tail. The breathing mask and feeding
  tube were both connected, the feeding tube attached to her large ball gag,
  which in turn had another tube fed down her throat. The whole mask set up was
  held on by a thick, stiff leather collar which was locked.  
Underneath the skintight leather catsuit with built in high-heels was the
  typical butt plug enema tube, and the catheter and dildo. What wasn't typical
  were the wires running from the dildo and butt plug all the way down her leg,
  connecting to the glass spreader bar attached to the sides of the tank. The
  wires ran through the spreader bar and into a generator. This made it so that
  Mira could tease Charlotte even long after batteries would have run out.  
Charlotte's hands, which were taped into fists, were held tight against the
  small of her back, and her elbows were tied together, rendering her arms fairly
  useless. A corset was done up tights just under her breasts. Her legs were
  held spread eagle by the spreader bar. Finally, electronic nipple clamps were
  at ease resting against the tips of her nipples, under the cups of the catsuit's
  built in bra.  
Mira walked up and tapped on the glass. Charlotte opened her eyes. She gave
  a look of sad acceptance. She had long since given up struggling and was resigned
  to her fate. Mira pressed the button on her control for the vibrator. Charlotte
  closed her eyes again. Her legs reflexively tried to buckle, but the spreader
  bar prevented any significant movement. Mira teased Charlotte for a little
  while, then activated the butt plug and set the timer on the generator to turn
  off after an hour. Mira then left to go plan for her next acquisition.  
Charlotte was the first person in Mira's collection. She was the inspiration
  for the entire operation. Mira met her three years ago at a party. Charlotte
  was more than a little drunk, and they ended up going back to Mira's place.
  Her memory of the night was hazy, but Charlotte woke up with not only a hangover,
  but a locked pair of metal underwear. It was holding in a butt plug, a dildo
  and catheter. Charlotte tried to remove it, but soon found there was no way
  it was coming off without the key. As she ran over her options in her mind,
  she realized that short of using the key the only way to remove it would involve
  a blacksmith and large chunks of missing thigh.  
Charlotte decided that it was a joke, and one that was in poor taste. She
  was going to get the key from the madwoman she came home with, go home, and
  pretend the entire evening didn't happen.  
It was around that time that Mira walked into the room. 
"Look whose up," she said smiling.   
"What the hell is this?" demanded Charlotte.  
Mira sighed. She pressed a button on a device she had rigged up this
    morning. Charlotte suddenly screamed as a mild shock was emitted from the
    butt plug. 
"That's the lowest setting," said Mira. 
"You're going to jail for this," said Charlotte. 
  Mira held up a keychain. 
"You see this key? This is the only copy of the key that opens the device you're
wearing. If any police show up to my house I will destroy it. Sure I'll go to
jail, but you'll be stuck in that thing forever. Who has more to lose?" 
  Charlotte glared. Mira shocked her again, one setting higher this time. 
"Try to show a little respect," Mira said. 
"What do you want with me?" asked Charlotte.  
"You'll see. If you have work or something you might want to get going, it's
already 7. Put on your pants and go. I'd suggest coming back when you're done
though, that is if you ever plan on going to the washroom again."   
Charlotte didn't know what to do. Clearly this woman was holding all the
  cards. She decided that for now she would just do what she was told.  
Charlotte had a hard time concentrating at work that day for obvious reasons.
  When she got off she returned to Mira's place. Mira answered the door promptly.  
"You said you'd take it off if I came back after work, and here I
    am," she said meekly, remembering the shocks from before. 
"I did not," said Mira "I said nothing of the sort."   
"Well I have to go to the washroom, and said that I could. You said," said
    Charlotte, her eyes welling with tears. She jerked at the shock. 
"Don't worry I'll get you cleaned out. Nothing needs to be removed though. Take
your clothes off and wait here."   
Mira left. Not knowing what else to do, Charlotte undressed. Mira
    kept her waiting for a while. Eventually she sat down gingerly. Not long
    after, she jumped to her feet in reaction to another shock. 
"Stand up," said Mira.   
Mira had wheeled in a strange looking device. It was long enough to be a
  child's bed. She motioned for Charlotte to lie down. Charlotte complied.  
"What are you going to do?" asked Charlotte, nervously.  
"Ssh," said Mira.  
Mira connected tubes from the machine to their slots on the metal
    underwear. Charlotte felt her bladder empty reflexively. She was more concerned,
    however, with the sudden influx of water into her anus. 
"Wha-" Charlotte started to ask.   
Mira stuffed a ball gag in Charlotte's mouth. 
"I said Ssh. You're lucky I don't shock you again."   
Charlotte was given 4 enemas before she was unhooked from the machine and
  the ball gag removed. Charlotte looked at Mira, frightened.  
"You're going to need to return here every night to be cleaned out.
    You belong to me now. You can show yourself out if you want," Mira said. 
  With that, she walked out of the room, leaving Charlotte naked and scared half
  to death.   
Charlotte returned each day, and the process was repeated. Charlotte tried
  many times at home to cut the device off of her, but after being punished for
  scratching it she quickly gave that up. When the weekend rolled around, Mira
  upped the ante.  
"You're going to be staying here this weekend. Every weekend actually," said
    Mira when Charlotte arrived on Friday, "Open your mouth." 
  Charlotte opened her mouth. She was not going to argue, no good ever came of
  it. Mira produced a ball gag with a tube sticking out of it. She got Charlotte
  to swallow the tube so that it slid down her throat, and pushed in the ball
  gag, buckling it around her head. Mira then pushed earplugs into Charlotte's
  ears and pulled her hair back into a ponytail. Then Mira pulled a mask over
  Charlotte's face and fed the ponytail through a hole in the back. The only
  other holes on the mask were by the nostrils, eyes and a small one connecting
  to a tiny tube sticking out of the end of the ball gag.   
Next Mira had Charlotte put on a one piece, skintight, leather catsuit. The
  catsuit had built in shoes, and was connected to the mask by a rigid leather
  collar, which was locked into place. Finally, Mira laced a tight corset around
  Charlotte's waste.  
Charlotte spent the weekend like that, being fed through the feeding tube,
  and cleaned out in the same manner as she was before. At first Mira thought
  she'd have Charlotte do chores or something, but she quickly lost interest
  in that. Most of Charlotte's weekend ended up being spent in a metal cage in
  Mira's living room.  
Late Sunday night Mira released Charlotte. Charlotte continued to return
  every weekday for her cleaning, and now every weekend she was basically put
  on display in a cage. Mira was rather fond of the idea that she "owned" Charlotte.
  She began preparing to finalize things.  
When Charlotte arrived that Friday, Mira made a few additions to her bondage.
  She fed some wires from the metal underwear down Charlotte's leg and out a
  small opening at the bottom of the leg. Then she taped her hands into fists
  and placed leather mittens overtop. Finally, much to Charlotte's chagrin, she
  pulled her hands up to the small of her back and tied them together. Mira also
  tied Charlotte's arms together at the elbow, effectively immobilizing her arms.  
When Sunday night came around, Mira didn't release Charlotte. Nor
    did she Monday morning, or Tuesday, or any day since then in the past three
    years. When Mira upgraded from cages to her holding tanks, Charlotte was
    the first to get the privilege of testing them out. She was definitely still
    Mira's favorite after all these years, not that it was a good thing. 
  Mira hummed a song as she made some arrangements over the internet. She had
  found a pleasant surprise waiting for her when she checked her e-mail. Her
  next acquisition was going to be fun, and she fully intended on keeping the
  promise she made to herself about being more creative in the future.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allison Wonderland


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





