BDSM Library - The Ebony Princess




The Ebony Princess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Princess and her friend find a new way to have fun with their pet lioness.The Ebony princess by Jorgan  
 On the African west coast, in one of the smallest nation on earth, with
  a population of less than 300 000, a spoilt and wicked young princess by the
  age of twenty-one, named Gw&acute;Neela, inspected her own lion den. She had
  always enjoyed watching her feline predators feeding, how they tore their live
  prey apart and consumed them.  
  The beautiful successor to the throne had had all of her suitors turned down
  by her father, the king. Hence, she was still technically a virgin. What her
  father didn't know, was that she had developed great skill in the royal art
  of self-service. She masturbated on a regular basis, at least three or four
  times a day, often with her best friend, Jennifer, the twenty-three year old
  daughter of a German diplomat who was married to a native woman. The two young
  ladies did almost everything together. They talked about their sinister interests,
  watched National Geographics, listened to music and fondled themselves and
  each other. One of their favourites was watching a male goat being attacked
  by a lioness. The feline always seemed to go for the stinking penis first of
  all, even before the inescapable kill. First she bit off his penis and testicles,
  then she choked him to death and fed on his fresh meat. The girls got excited
  as they watched the gruesome castration act, and laughed hornily as the lioness
  ate the goat. More often than not, they masturbated as well. They had spent
  many hours talking about how awesome it would be to watch a naked man being
  thrown in to Mathilda, the lioness. They had amused each other by picking out
  an unknowing foreign tourist at random when they were out dining or shopping
  together, saying how easy it would be to make this man disappear into thin
  air, or accusing him of criminal actions and have him sentenced to death. Death
  by lioness.  
  They spent a small fortune shopping for clothes, CDs, and other fashionable
  items. Now and then they struck up a conversation with one of the rare foreign
  tourists. They did it mainly because it was an excellent occasion to practise
  their english, but also because they knew it might come in handy to have a
  contact if the perfect moment finally appeared. They were patient. And the
  patience paid off.  
  One Wednesday afternoon, when the two women were out shopping for sexy underwear,
  they bumped into a Swedish businessman on his way to South Africa. The played
  hard-to-get, and a few minutes later, he was eating out of their hands. They
  got his phone number and said they might call him later, if he was still around.
  And the Swede stayed for a couple of extra days. He called his employer and
  told him a lie about being terribly ill. He spent the following days in his
  expensive hotel room, watching African TV-shows, drinking tax-free liquor and
  waiting for them to call.  
  Ulf Persson, a middle-aged man with a strong desire for black women, couldn't
  wait for the two foxes to call him. He was convinced that they had always dreamt
  of sleeping with a white man. And who was he to deny them that pleasure? He
  had surely seen better days, and his physique wasn't what it once had been,
  but he knew he wouldn't let them down. He had always been a very attentive
  lover, and a great pussy-eater. Many women could give proof of that. So, his
  cock wasn't huge, but it wasn't the size that mattered, it had to do with how
  you used it.  
  They wanted to meet him at the pier, just south of town, at two p.m. He shaved,
  but as the young lady had requested, he didn't use after-shave. He couldn't
  figure out why, but guessed it had to do with either traditions or some kind
  of allergy.  
 The ladies turned up twenty minutes later than agreed, in a brown Ford Mondeo,
  a rather modest car for a princess he thought. They picked him up and took
  him for a ride along the magnificent coast line. The scenery was amazing. They
  had a picnic at a deserted beach hut, grilled chicken, watermelon, fruit salad
  and white wine. The two native beauties complemented him on his general knowledge,
  they said he seemed to know everything about the country and its history. He
  was flattered, but didn't reveal the source of his great knowledge: the tourist
  guide he had bought at the airport.  
  Shortly after sunset, Princess Gw&acute;Neela decided it was time to go "home".
  Since her friend, Jennifer, hadn't had any wine, it was decided that she should
  drive the car. Gw&acute;Neela and Ulf seated themselves in the backseat. The
  ebony-black royalty gently rubbed her naked leg against the horny Swede and
  giggled at his old and stale jokes. She noticed that he got erected almost
  instantly. What a shameless pig, she thought behind her sophisticated smile.  
  They parked the car in the garage and walked down the stairs to the Princess'
  secret domain arm-in-arm, while singing an improvised medley of various disco
  tunes from the seventies. One of them had a real good time, and the other two
  were full of wicked expectation. No one had seen their guest as they arrived.
  No one of the staff was allowed to enter this part of the palace without her
  permission. They had all the time they needed.  
 Ulf admired the two lovely ladies while they traded gossip and jokes with
  each other. He could hardly believe his luck, that two such beautiful women
  had invited Him to this private little party. He figured they were hot for
  his wisdom and experience. Some women simply craved for more than a firm, tanned
  and muscular body. And... was he grateful for that! Tonight, he was gonna fuck
  a real life Princess. He undressed her with his hungry eyes. Her skin was so
  black, it almost seemed blue in the artificial light. And what a body she had!
  A huge but incredibly shapely ass, the kind you only saw on black women. And
  small, pointy breasts with big nipples. Plus a pair of long, nicely matured
  legs. And yet, the best of it all: a face of purest breed. Big, almond-shaped
  eyes, that radiated both humour and intelligence. A mouth that always seemed
  to smile, surrounded by the thickest and sexiest pair of lips he had seen in
  years. And she didn't use lipstick. There was no need for that. She was all
  for real. Her natural odours were, he thanked higher powers, free from perfume.  
  Jennifer was a different matter. She appeared to be rather plain in comparison.
  Simple, but not stupid. Good looking, but not breathtaking. She had light brown
  skin, like most women he had seen in Brazil on his trip there last year, and
  really big tits. They were at least four times as big as the Princess'. She
  looked more like the sort of woman who might come on to you in the street,
  asking for a light or if you were interested in having a good time. A little
  bit classier, but still...  
  After two hours or so of not too serious conversation, the women, and Jen in
  particular, started hinting at more daring pleasures. She wasn't very subtle,
  but Ulf didn't really mind. After all, that was why he was here. She spread
  her thick, womanly thighs and let him have a look at her pink panties. He could
  even see the thick pubic bush beneath the thin cotton material, and the damp
  spot in the middle. She broke the spell by pulling down the skirt to her knees
  again. He smiled stupidly, but couldn't find the right words. He realised that
  he had had a bit too much to drink already, and decided that enough was enough.
  He reached for her hand and tried to move closer to her, when he suddenly felt
  weak and dizzy. The lights, the sound of the music and their voices... everything
  seemed strange... fuzzy... warped... like some psychedelic movie from the late
  sixties. He fell forwards and landed with his face between those gorgeous thighs.
  All of a sudden, everything turned pink. He smelt something fishy, and even
  though he could barely move his arms, he tried to burrow his way closer to
  her hidden treasure. He felt the curly pussy-hair tickle his cheeks. The sweet
  smell was overwhelming. With a final effort he managed to open his mouth and
  place a wet kiss on the stained panties...  
 He woke up in total darkness. His head ached and he was still feeling dizzy
  and nauseous. Somebody had tied his hands and feet. He was laying spread-eagled
  and completely naked on his back on some cold, hard surface. For what must
  had been twenty or thirty minutes, there wasn't a sound to be heard. Then somebody
  turned on the light.  
  -Oh, my! Cinderella has awoken! What an honour!  
  Ulf managed to focus his eyes on the speaker. It was the ebony Princess. She
  wasn't wearing anything except a huge piece of raw, blood-dripping meat that
  dangled in her right hand. Ulf stared right into her shaven cunt. He realised
  he was laying on the ground. She placed her feet on either side of his head.  
  -Mister businessman want some... pussy, yes?  
  He just stared at her, completely puzzled. What was all this? What had they
  done, and most important, what were they going to do to him? Surely, anybody
  living in a luxurious palace like this wouldn't kidnap a modest businessman
  like him for some paltry reward... or would they?  
  Gw&acute;Neela smiled at him, like some little evil girl who finally had been
  given the chance to get even with her bigger brother. Only... he hadn't done
  her any harm. She spoke again:  
  -I asked you, Mister businessman... do you want some pussy? Yes or no?  
  -Eeeh... I don't understand. Why&hellip;  
  Gw&acute;Neela had a grim expression on her face.  
  -Yes, I can see that you do not understand. But I think that my question is
  relevant and very easy to comprehend. Do... you... want... some... pussy? Yes...
  or no? Answer me!  
  She uttered the last words with a ton of cold steel in her voice.  
  -Yes. Yes!  
  Ulf trembled, but kept staring at her smooth, hairless cunt. The fat, swollen
  labia was slightly spread. He couldn't help but admiring the black and slick
  flesh with the red and purple delicate meat inside. Her cunt glimmered with
  moist and she smelled like his wildest wet dream come true. Was she playing
  some kind of S/M game? Maybe she just wanted to scare the crap out of him.  
  -Say it!  
  -I want some pussy.  
  -With conviction!  
  -I want some pussy!  
  -Good! And you will have some. Jennifer!  
  Ulf heard metallic clicking, and the sound of a door swinging open. He could
  smell something stronger than the Princess' pussy. Something bestial. The moment
  later, his heart almost stopped. No more than five or six steps away from his
  helpless body, a giant cat, a five hundred pound heavy lioness, watched his
  terrified face. Gw&acute;Neela threw her the huge chunk of fresh meat. The
  feline caught it in mid-air and began chewing on it. Ulf couldn't keep his
  eyes off her. He started to understand that perhaps his life had come to an
  end.  
  The Princess squatted over his face and whispered:  
  -You will eat my pussy... or the pussycat will eat you! And you should keep
  in mind that I have very high standards. Very high indeed! Now... go to work!  
  This was not the right time to argue, Ulf understood, so he did what he was
  told. She was wet and ready and she tasted fantastic. Truth to be told, he
  had never ever tasted a cunt this delicious. He licked, sucked and drank her.
  Gw&acute;Neela enjoyed his eagerly slurping mouth as she looked straight into
  the eyes of the lioness. The giant cat observed her mistress' treatment of
  the pale-skinned man. She appeared to be bewildered as she smelled the black
  woman's juices.  
  The feline lay down close to the frightened man who was pleasuring her owner
  orally. The wet noises and the strong smell made her curious. She watched his
  little pink tongue run up and down and in and out of the hairless cunt.  
  Jennifer sat down beside the lioness and stroke her fur. She waited patiently
  for Gw&acute;Neela to finish her cunnilingus audience. As usual, it lasted
  very long, more than twenty-five minutes, until the Princess was finally satisfied.
  Jen straddled the helpless man's face and sat down on it. She gave him all
  of her 160 pounds straight in the face. She even pulled up her feet and placed
  them on his belly. She loved feeling a man's trapped face beneath her naked
  ass. The butterflies in her stomach every time she seated herself comfortably.
  His trembling lips against her wet labia. His nose embedded between her large
  buttocks, and preferably probing into her asshole, against his will. His pleading
  sounds below her pussy when the pressure increased, when she really made him
  understand just how useless he was. Oh, what a sweet moment, when he surrendered
  to her, when she knew that he wouldn't dare trying to bite her most sensitive
  parts, even if he couldn't breathe, and his very life depended on her good
  will. That was just about the only way she could appreciate a man.  
  Unlike her royal friend, Jennifer wasn't at all concerned with how she acted
  or sounded during her face-sitting sessions. All she was interested in was
  having a real good time, nothing else. And Gw&acute;Neela was accustomed to
  her rather sleazy, violent and messy acts of "love" by now. This white man
  sure did give good head. He used his whole mouth, not only the tongue, to please
  her. She loved the way he sucked huge amounts of her hairy and fleshy pussy
  into his mouth and sort of chewed on it without really using his teeth much.
  She playfully fondled his ball-sac, without touching his stiff penis. Then,
  as she reached the climax for the first time, she squeezed his balls until
  he groaned in pain under her ass. His agony increased her delight. She repeated
  the procedure a few minutes later. This time she had a really strong and powerful
  orgasm that lasted for at least thirty seconds. She squeezed his testicles
  violently and pressed her pelvis hard against his face.  
  She changed position and sat down on his chest, this time facing him. She slid
  down until her ass-crack met his lips.  
  -Now, you start licking my ass, or you die!  
  Ulf knew she meant what she said. He tickled her bitter-tasting crack with
  the tip of his tongue. Jennifer sighed impatiently:  
  -When I tell you to lick my ass, I want you to lick my asshole, stupid! The
  heavy mulatto lady spat him between the eyes and began fondling her swollen
  cunt with slow movements. Ulf began cleaning her backdoor entrance with mixed
  emotions. He felt both disgust and some strange, unexpected humble joy in licking
  her anus. And he adored the sight of her strikingly beautiful pussy, and the
  way she touched herself.  
  -Now, I want you to stick your filthy tongue deep, deeeep into my asshole,
  piggy! I spit on you! And she spat him in the face again. Ulf dug his tongue
  through the tight rim and began fucking her asshole with his tongue. He pushed
  as deep into her as he could, and then withdrew, only to repeat the act, again,
  and again, and again...  
  Jennifer spasmed and tried to chop off his dirty tongue with her rim. This
  orgasm was second to no other orgasm she had ever experienced before. Before
  the final wave of purest pleasure had swept through her sweaty body, she started
  pissing him in the face. She managed to hit him in both eyes, and commanded
  him NOT to close them. She target-practised on his blinking blue eyes and nostrils.
  She figured, with his mouth busy licking her ass, he might as well drink her
  piss through the nose. She could hear Gw&acute;Neela laugh wickedly in the
  background.  
The two women left him there, alone with the lioness, trapped and
  piss-reeking. They knew the feline wasn't hungry, but how was he to know that
  she wasn't going to eat him? The big cat never killed a trapped prey. They
  knew, even though they had never tried it before.  
  -How about watching a movie and have a snack, asked Gw&acute;Neela.  
  Jennifer glanced at Ulf and responded:  
  -Fine. I'm in the mood for a romantic comedy.  
  -There's that new Julia Roberts movie...  
  And they left the basement. Ulf stared at the lioness, and tried with all his
  might not to show the horror he felt.  
 Two hours and fifteen minutes passed. They both looked very relaxed and
  a little bit drunk when they returned. Ulf, who by now was scared half to death,
  whimpered miserably as soon as he saw them:  
  -Thank God! I'll do anything... Anything you ask of me, if you only let me
  live. For a moment, I thought...  
  -No! WE will do anything... ANY... THING... we please to you. You shall only
  face the facts. WE are in control, and YOU are nothing but a worthless slave,
  Gw&acute;Neela said with a stern expression.  
  The women undressed and then entered the cell. Jennifer sat down beside the
  giant cat and began fondling its ears. A few months ago, this would have been
  an impossibility. The lioness would never had accepted her presence. But for
  the last several months, Jen had been the one bringing the lioness her live
  prey &ndash; mainly goats and pigs. The feline had finally accepted her mistress'
  best friend and now allowed her the liberty of walking around naked in the
  den at any hour of the day.  
  -You're such a darling, Mathilda, Jennifer said and rested her head on the
  lion's chest. She listened to her heart.  
  Mathilda had lost interest in the bound man shortly after the two women had
  left them alone. He didn't fight or try to run away from her, and besides,
  she had just eaten. She just watched him for a while, until she got bored and
  fell asleep.  
  Gw&acute;Neela put her naked foot in the prisoner's face and asked Jennifer:  
  -How does it feel to have somebody lick your ass?  
  -Try it and you'll find out, Jen answered lazily.  
  -God didn't create the tongue, so that it should be used to clean assholes.  
  -How do you know?  
  -It's filthy!  
  -Uhu... And it sure feels terrific!  
  -Dirty!  
  -Mmm... and sexy! Look, you are a Princess, and he is just another article
  of consumption. He's got the tongue, and you've got the asshole, and he is
  not going anywhere, so you should at least try it.  
  -Hmmm...  
  The black royalty turned around and sat down on his face. She watched his limp
  penis and nervously moving feet when he started wetting her crack with his
  tongue. A tickling sensation travelled up her spine. Jen was right &ndash; this
  wasn't bad at all. Then she noticed his penis was growing hard again.  
  -Look, Jen! His getting excited. What a filthy pig!  
  -I told you. He was born to do it!  
  -I believe you're right. Gw&acute;Neela slid down a hand and began stroking
  herself. Her damp pussy was resting on his chin. She stroke the area above
  her erect clitoris while he penetrated her virgin rim for the first time. She
  climaxed right away.  
  -WOW! I never thought it would be this good!  
  Jennifer smiled knowingly and continued to pet the lioness. After a minute
  or so, Jen got too hot to just watch, so she started rubbing herself as Gw&acute;Neela
  rode the slave's face. The Princess was always magnificent to behold when she
  was enjoying any kind of sexual stimulation. Her firm and pointy tits heaved
  as she panted greedily and moved her hips harder and faster. She ordered the
  man:  
  -Just hold your tongue like that! Keep it still!  
  She began fucking it rhythmically, while rubbing her own clit with faster and
  faster finger movements. Jennifer and Mathilda watched the scene with fascination.
  Gw&acute;Neela sighed and moaned her way through another long, bestial orgasm,
  but never lost her pace. She tried to push his tongue further up her ass each
  time she landed on his face. She thanked her lucky star she had been working
  out in the gym five days a week for the last couple of years, otherwise she
  would have collapsed already. She finished herself, and him, off by fucking
  his head so hard that she slammed it against the floor and rendered him unconscious.
  She felt disappointed when his soft tongue slid out of her anus.  
 They didn't feed Mathilda the next day. They kept her locked up in the adjoining
  cell, only a few meters away from him. The noticed how she changed during that
  day, how she bared her teeth and stared at him like she did on any other live
  meal being served to her. She even tried to reach him through the iron bars,
  but he was out of harm's way. For a while. The both fucked his face twice during
  that second day, and sensed how he grew more terrified.  
  Gw&acute;Neela squatted above his face and bared her own teeth at the lioness
  and roared playfully. Mathilda answered with an almost deafening roar and clawed
  at the iron bars. The Princess laughed and started pissing on Ulf.  
  -This is the only thing you will be given to drink from now on, so you better
  not let it go to waste.  
  He reluctantly opened his mouth and swallowed mouthfuls of her golden nectar.
  Gw&acute;Neela kept her eyes locked on her hungry lioness all the time.  
 In the morning on the third day, the women satisfied themselves on the petrified
  man, who had spent the entire night listening to the furious lioness' every
  move. Jennifer scratched Ulf hard in the face and on the chest. The smell of
  blood triggered the female predator in the other cell. She tried to break down
  the cell door, but calmed down after a short while. She sat down close to the
  bars and waited patiently, like she knew it was only a matter of time...  
  Gw&acute;Neela stood above the trembling man with her feet on either side of
  his chest. She released a golden ray that hit one of his bleeding wounds. He
  screamed and shuddered spastically. Mathilda roared and bided her time. Gw&acute;Neela
  watched the mighty lioness wag her tail real slow, like she always did before
  an attack.  
  After Jennifer too had washed his upper body and his numerous wounds with her
  urine, they punched him in the head until they were sure he was unconscious.
  Then they unlocked the shackles and left the cell.  
 They returned shortly after lunch. The horrified and naked man was sitting
  in the opposite corner of his cell, as far away from the starved cat as possible.
  He was crying like a child. His face was a pale mask of sheer terror.  
  The incredibly aroused and expectant women kissed each other with wide open
  mouths for several minutes. The smell of their swollen, lubricated pussies
  mixed with the stench of the man's fear and the cat's predatory odour. They
  finished the kiss unwillingly and faced their slave. Gw&acute;Neela gazed at
  him.  
  -Mathilda is very hungry. She has not eaten in days.  
  -No! NO! Please! Don't do this! Please... What have I possibly done to deserve
  this? I am not an evil man. I... He broke down and cried again.  
  -Who says you have done something to deserve this? You egoistic, self-centred
  little man! Do you really think the whole world revolves around You?  
  -But Why?!  
  -What a foolish question! Because I want to! Because... You are Nothing! Because...
  I own you. And because... Mathilda is hungry.  
  Ulf threw himself to the floor and pleaded to her:  
  -I beg you, Dear Princess! Don't do this to me! Don't kill me!  
  -I am not going to kill you. Do I look like a cannibal to you?  
  The women laughed. Mathilda remained almost completely still. Gw&acute;Neela
  pushed the button. The lock to the lioness' cage clicked and swung open. Gw&acute;Neela
  and Jennifer embraced.  
  The starved lioness didn't jump him immediately. Instead, she circled him as
  he sat stiff by horror in the middle of the cell. She seemed to enjoy this
  as much as the horny women on the outside.  
  It began with a light poke by the paw. He tumbled around, shaken but not seriously
  harmed. Mathilda moved closer and sank her claws into his calf. That made him
  jump and scream on top of his lungs. She struck him down, bit him lightly in
  the neck and then released him. Obviously, she wasn't hungry enough to turn
  down this exciting game. She repeated the cruel procedure many times. Especially,
  she enjoyed wrestling him down and then bite him playfully in the legs and
  arms.  
  Gw&acute;Neela felt Jen's tender fingers against her sopping wet labia. She
  returned the favour and then kissed her friend's cheek, without taking her
  eyes off the brilliant spectacle. She found Jennifer's big and hard clit and
  went straight for the main course. She rubbed it skilfully and sighed happily
  when Jen began spanking Gw&acute;Neela's sensitive pearl with her index finger.  
  They rarely blinked during the sexy wrestling match inside the cell. Neither
  of them wanted to miss the fatal blow, or the magic moment when Mathilda sank
  her teeth into his neck, or tore his limbs off.  
  The superior lioness tossed him into the bars that separated them from the
  two ladies outside. He slammed into the cell door and fell to the ground, still
  conscious but just barely. He had several bleeding wounds, but none that looked
  to be very serious. The huge cat mounted him in a very erotic manner. It looked
  like she was hungry for some oral sex, as she practically sat on his face and
  began licking his balls and penis with her sandpaper-rough tongue. And to their
  amazement, he started to grow before their eyes. The ladies increased the intensity
  in their mutual masturbation-act. Then Jennifer came up with a brilliant idea:  
  -Can you hear me, slave?  
  Through the tears of pain and horror, he managed to answer her:  
  -Yes... I can.  
  -Very well... Maybe... if you put on a great show... we will let you live.  
  -What do you want me to do? I'll do anything.  
  -I know you will, Jen replied. Poor Mathilda does not have a mate. You know
  how lonesome it feels, when you have absolutely no one to turn to in your hour
  of need.  
  -Please! What?  
  -I want you to satisfy her with your filthy tongue, just like you did to us,
  except not in the ass this time.  
  Gw&acute;Neela started to giggle:  
  -That's right. We would like you to... lick the cat's pussy!  
  -To... lick the pussy's pussy, Jennifer filled in. They both laughed scornfully,
  but never stopped rubbing each other's cunts. Mathilda licked his stiff penis
  carefully, like she didn't want to harm the fragile little thing. When Ulf
  reached the feline's sex with his tongue, the surprised predator turned her
  head quickly. She didn't look like she knew how to deal with this unexpected
  caress. But Ulf soon warmed her up, so she resumed her cock-licking. A thick,
  transparent fluid oozed out of her vagina and into his sucking and licking
  mouth. The smell was highly sexual and very strong.  
  The women sat close to the bars, completely breathless. They had never seen
  a lioness receiving cunnilingus from a man before. Most likely, they were the
  first humans in the history of the world to do so. They gave each other constant
  pleasure with their hands, but they both had their minds elsewhere. To watch
  his little pink tongue dart in and out of the feline cunt was mesmerising.
  Especially when considering the awful pain he must feel by now, with the blood
  flowing from his countless wounds.  
  After a few minutes of energetic oral service, the lioness sprayed his entire
  face with her thick, bestial fluid and growled quietly. That was that. He had
  given her an orgasm. The women kept each other on the brink of the Big One.
  The best was still to come.  
  Mathilda became aware of her hunger for fresh meat. She sank her teeth into
  his still hard cock, and caused him to punch her hard in the ribs. She began
  tearing his member off his torso. The first squirt of blood hit Jennifer across
  the chest. She smeared it all over her giant breasts with her free hand, while
  she roughly treated the lusty Princess with the other one.  
  As the lioness had his penis for aperitif, the two women orgasmed together.
  They kept cumming and cumming while the starved cat tormented her helpless
  victim, and tore out chunks of bleeding meat from his struggling body. She
  kept him alive for minutes, and the women appreciated every second of the cruel
  circus. Despite the cramp in the fingers, they still masturbated each other's
  assaulted pussies to the bitter end...  
 They stayed there for almost the entire meal and embraced tenderly, while
  watching Mathilda consuming the pathetic man's remains. Gw&acute;Neela broke
  the spell:  
  -What could possibly beat this?  
  -Maybe... the next one.  
  Their eyes met and they kissed passionately. The world was overcrowded with
  obnoxious male prey. They walked out of the basement and up the stairs.  
  After a hot shower, they lay down to rest side by side. Jennifer giggled:  
  -Imagine that! Giving a lion oral sex! And then get yourself killed and eaten
  by it.  
  -And tomorrow, she will shit him out.  
  -Poop!  
  -I hope he will not cause her indigestion or something.  
  -Like constipation.  
  -Yes... or...  
  -Stop it! You make me sick to my stomach!  
  -You started it!  
  As they watched the news on TV, they decided to go out looking for the next
  suiting victim in the evening.  
   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jorgan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





