BDSM Library - Office Games




Office Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Connie falls under the control of her boss (teresa).  Teresa takes her farther and farther into submission.OFFICE GAMES   
CHAPTER 1   
  
Teresa and Connie worked at this insurance company in Corpus Christy, Texas.
  They both had been working there a few years. A year ago Teresa the supervisor
  had broken up from her boyfriend because she caught him cheating on her with
  a girl half her age. So she had a lot of friction about young girls and how
  they flirt with men.  
Connie has been working under Teresa and has done a lot of things to make
  her upset the past few months. Last week Connie went to lunch with a friend
  and left her computer on. Teresa was the only one there in the office so she
  was peaking around her desk and found a few things there.  
In one of the bottom drawers she found Connie's small dildo under a few papers.
  She picked it up and imagined Connie using it at work while she was watching
  her from a corner of the room. Then she hit the computer mouse by accident
  and noticed that Connie was on an internet site for lesbians. And she was in
  a room called lesbian control. Teresa was wondering if she was a dominant lesbian
  or a submissive one.  
She then moved the mouse around a little when there was a message on the
  screen, it was from mistress dawn. She then gave a command through the instant
  message and it said. Sweetsubslut I want you to take out your dildo from your
  drawer and spread your legs and insert the dildo, but not to come without my
  permission.  
Teresa then typed in the message, yes mistress I will do as you say. Then
  she typed that it is in. Next she was told to play with her nipples and work
  like nothing is going on. Teresa then sent back another message and agreed.
  After a few minutes Teresa wrote down the internet address and went into her
  office and got on line and created an account to where she could join the same
  membership that Connie is in. She had two computers in her office and the next
  week she had a computer guy tie one computer in with Connie's computer so she
  knows exactly what she was typing and receiving.  
Teresa watched over a week seeing Connie talk to all types of lesbians in
  the chat room. She then sent an immediate message to Connie the sweetsubslut.
  She asked her if she had been a submissive long and Connie answered that she
  had been a cyber sub for over a year but she had never been a real sub to any
  mistress. Teresa then asked her hours she works and she told her she worked
  from 9 am to 5 pm.  
Teresa then asked if she had ever gone to a lesbian club after work and she
  said no she had not. But she wanted to go and see one. Teresa had an idea down
  the road that she would show up at a lesbian club and have fun with her slut
  but she had to be very cautious.  
Teresa watched for a few weeks what Connie would do and how she would do
  things. She knew she was going to have a great time dominating her and controlling
  her lifestyle. They would talk everyday on line so she would earn her trust
  as a mistress and slave.  
OFFICE GAMES    
CHAPTER 2   
  
After about a month talking to Connie and watching what other mistresses
  requested her to do. She decided that she was going to have her do things at
  work and see if she would do them.  
On Monday Teresa got to work early and set up the computers to watch Connie.
  She then copied everything down on a disk that she had saved from times before
  that Connie and her talked about. She was going to enjoy dominating her life
  for good.  
Teresa then was set up with everything and she also put a small digital camera
  about a size of a dime under Connie's desk. When Connie came in to work on
  Monday she was wearing a dress and Teresa knew it would be fun controlling
  her lifestyle. Connie then got on the computer and did a few things for work.
  At about 11am she got on the internet and got on line.  
Teresa then took advantage of things and started in on her sweetsubslave.
  She sent her a message chewing her out for getting on line late. Connie then
  sent one back saying she was sorry but she had some things to do when she got
  to work. Teresa was not happy with her so she gave her an order to take off
  her panties at her desk. Connie was very scared someone would see her but she
  had to obey or she knew something worse would happen to her.  
Connie looked around the office to make sure no one was coming up on her
  anytime soon so she slowly reached up under her dress and grabbed her panties
  and took them off but quickly put them under her leg so no one would come up
  and embarrass her. She could feel the cool breeze going up her dress and hitting
  her sweet pussy. Teresa watched in her office on her little digital camera
  the action she took.  
She quickly typed another message asking her where she put the panties and
  sweetsubslut wrote that she had them in her chair. She then told her sweetsubslut
  to drop them on the floor and leave them. Connie was shocked at what she said;
  she knew if someone would see them she wouldn't know what to tell them. At
  that time she did as she was told and dropped the panties of the floor.  
At that moment there was another message from Mistress Teresa to sit in her
  chair but she had to lift her dress up to her waist and sit back down. She
  was told she had to have her dress up to her waist exposing her pussy under
  the desk. Teresa then had some ideas to have everyone go up to Connie and ask
  questions of her.  
First of all Teresa went over to her desk that shocked Connie. Connie was
  scared and didn't move from her spot.  
She hoped that Teresa couldn't see her panties on the floor because she couldn't
  explain why she had them there.  
Teresa then asked Connie that she wanted her to research some old files about
  accidents that happened over the past Year. Connie was sweating and scared
  talking to her. Teresa then left and told several other girls to go in the
  office  
OFFICE GAMES    
CHAPTER 3   
  
All afternoon Connie was getting visits from the other girls that worked
  at the insurance company. There were these two black women that had come in
  at the same time and Connie was for sure one of the girls seen the panties
  on the ground but she didn't say anything to Connie about them.  
The other black lady on the other side and dropped her pencil on the floor
  and Connie believed she seen Connie was sitting naked on her chair at work
  but she kept her mouth shut. The girls then walked away when all of a sudden
  sweetsubslut got a message on her screen from Mistress Teresa to go into the
  bathroom and cum in the stall. Connie sent her a message back and told her
  she would do as she was told. Connie then walked by Teresa's office to the
  bathroom.  
Teresa then got up and walked into Connie's office space and grabbed her
  underwear from the floor. She seen a wet spot on the panties and knew that
  Connie got all excited from the embarrassment from her. She then put Connie's
  panties in her purse for later use. She then went over to the bathroom door
  and she listened and could hear Connie in there jacking off. After a few minutes
  she heard the door to the stall open so she went back into her office.  
She then got back on the computer and left a message to sweetsubslave that
  she had to go and they would have more things to do later in the week.  
Connie came back to her office and read the message and finishing cleaning
  up so she could go home. When she got all done she reached to the floor to
  put her panties back on before she left but couldn't find them. She got scared
  to wonder who grabbed them because she didn't want to loose her job because
  she stripped at the job. So she thought for a minute and then thought about
  the two black women might have taken her panties and were going to embarrass
  her later with them.  
She had to thank of an excuse why she had her panties off. So she was thinking
  if they stopped her she would say that she had a rash on her pussy and her
  panties were making things worse. And she would hope they wouldn't tell her
  to prove it.  
Well that night she left the office and got in the elevator she could feel
  all of the cool air on her pussy and she knew she had gotten excited from her
  embarrassment and she hoped that mistress Teresa would do more of that to make
  her days go by faster.  
When she got in the car she sat down on the seat and jumped up because it
  was so hot on her bare ass. She then drove home thinking about her mistress
  all night. For the next week, Mistress Teresa would make her do things at her
  desk and even leave her panties in the drawer. Always the next day they would
  be gone and she was for sure that the two black women were taking them from
  there. About a month later Mistress Teresa set up a meeting for them to meet
  at the club.  
OFFICE GAMES    
CHAPTER 4   
  
Teresa heard about this S&amp;M club uptown that she wanted to go to see
  how these women dominate there slaves. So she had planned to meet Connie there
  on a Friday night so she would have time to recuperate from the pain to come
  back to work and not have any problems.  
Teresa rented a car for the weekend so Connie wouldn't think she was behind
  this. Teresa then parked across the street an hour early and watched Connie
  pull up in her car and park. She then seen her get out wearing this outfit.
  Then Teresa called her cell phone and told her to put on her mask in the car
  and walk into the club. Connie did as she was told and put her mask on outside.
  Teresa didn't want the people in the club to know who her slave was yet.  
Connie then walked into the club and walked to the back and sat down with
  a drink, she was so nervous because she had never been in that club but not
  into a lesbian club before. But she was excited to finally meat her mistress.
  After about a half hour of Connie waiting Teresa came to the door. She walked
  in and seen these two girls on the stage, one girl was leading another around
  by a leash and then she was spanking her ass.  
Teresa looked around and seen Connie sitting in the back and she seen that
  she had a hand under the table playing with her self. She walked around behind
  her sweetsubslave Connie then grabbed her hair. This startled Connie and she
  started saying she was sorry. When Mistress Teresa then pulled her by the hair
  all the way up to the stage. She then told her slave to get on all fours on
  the stage.  
She then told the other lady that was on the stage she had a bad slave and
  wanted to embarrass her in front of a crowd and she gave the lady $500 dollars
  and also told her she can punish her slave after she was done. The lady agreed
  and yanked her slave off the stage.  
Mistress Teresa then told the crowd that her slave had been very bad playing
  with herself without permission and she will be punished in front of everyone.
  Connie looked up from her position and could see that her mistress was serious
  about what she just said. Connie was scared to death and wanted to run and
  hide but Teresa had her pinned on the stage and she couldn't move from there.  
Mistress Teresa then told her slave to get up and show all her assets to
  the crowd. Connie had never shown her body to anyone but boyfriends in the
  bedroom, and now her mistress wanted her to show her body off to complete strangers.
  She then thought it wouldn't be too bad because she did have a mask on and
  no one would no her out of the club.  
Connie then got up on her feet on the stage. The Mistress then told her to
  take off her dress so they could see her under clothes. She took off the dress
  and she was wearing a sexy lace red bra and panties set. Connie tried to cover
  up her body but the mistress had a whip in her hands and quickly smacked her
  ass and told her to not cover up her breasts and pussy. Connie was embarrassed
  and the people in the crowd started whistling at her and some told her to take
  everything off so they could see what she had to offer them.  
OFFICE GAMES    
CHAPTER 5   
  
Mistress Teresa then spanked Connie on the ass a few times to get her attention.
  Connie then reached behind her and undid her bra. She slowly took it off when
  the mistress grabbed it from her hands and her breasts popped out for everyone
  to see, even Mistress Teresa, since she has not seen her slave naked before.  
Mistress Teresa then complimented subslaveslut Connie on her nice breasts.
  Connie had 36C cup and was very proud on them. She sometimes wore sexy outfits
  to work to show them off. Teresa had a lot of plans for them but she will take
  her slave slowly though the paces.  
Teresa got pissed at Connie because she kept on covering her breasts up and
  the customers would get mad at them. So she told Connie to put her hands behind
  her back. Connie said no at first when all of a sudden the whip hit the back
  of her thighs and Connie listened.  
Then Mistress Teresa told Connie she was going to punish her for not doing
  as she was told and to get ready for her punishment. Connie got very scared
  because she didn't know what her Mistress was going to do to her.  
Mistress Teresa then told Connie to bend over at a ninety degree angle and
  not to move. She then told her that her hands better not come from behind her.
  At that moment Teresa then told the audience that she was going to whip Connie's
  tits for covering them up and she would learn to do everything she is told
  in the future.  
Connie bent over and her tits were dangling when the first blow of the whip
  hit her right tit and Connie screamed out loud. Then Teresa told her slut that
  she had more coming for not doing things right away as she is being told. Connie
  looked out the corner of her eyes begging for mercy but she knew that she wouldn't
  be getting any at all.  
Mistress Teresa then hit Both of Connie's breasts 10 times each and then
  told her to stand straight up to show off her marks. Connie did as she was
  told and she was crying from the pain to her sensitive nipples and breasts.  
Then Mistress Teresa decided to embarrass her the most and told her slave
  to pull her panties down to her knees so her audience could admirer her assets.
  Connie looked over to her mistress and begged her to stop, but Mistress Teresa
  again spanked her ass and told her that she will be punished again for disobeying
  her.  
Mistress Teresa then told her slave to pull them panties to her knees now
  or her little pussy will be whipped. Connie quickly did as she was told and
  dropped her red panties to her knees. Teresa didn't know if her slave shaved
  her privates or not but she was about to tell her that by morning her pussy
  would be shaved like a new born babies ass. Connie had a hairy pussy and she
  only shaved it during the bikini season.  
Mistress Teresa then reached in between her slaves legs and grabbed a handful
  of pussy hair and told Connie that it would be shaved by the next time she
  comes to the club.  
OFFICE GAMES 
&nbsp;CHAPTER 6 
&nbsp;Connie told her mistress she would have her pussy shaved.
  Mistress 
  Teresa then told her that she could do it for her by pulling one 
  hair out at a time for a good show for her customers. The crowd 
  went wild but she knew she had a limit to her slave. 

  Mistress Teresa then let go of her slave and whispered in her ear to 
  jack off and come in front of the crowd standing up. Connie 
  said &quot;please mistress I can't do that in front of these people.� 

  Mistress then got mad at her slave and pushed her to where she fell 
  to the floor. Mistress then grabbed her hips and pulled her up 
  some. She then told her slave to spread her legs wide. Connie was 
  scared but she did as she was told, then all of a sudden the whip 
  hit her between the legs and Connie fell to the ground grasping her 
  pussy. 

  Then the crowd went wild and then she told her to get back up in the 
  position she was before. Connie was quick this time to do as she 
  was told. Then Mistress told her to play with her pussy so the 
  crowd could enjoy it. She slowly reached down between them legs and 
  started fingering her pussy lips. 

  Then someone from the crowd told her to spread her legs wider so 
  they could see. She did as she was told but she was nervous and 
  knew she couldn't come for them. Then the mistress told her to 
  spread her pussy lips wide so everyone could see how wet she was. 

  Connie was so shocked that her mistress would embarrass her ass like 
  she is doing. Ten minutes later Teresa started to get antsy so she 
  told her slave she had only two minutes left to come or she would be 
  everyone's pussy slave for the night. The girls got all excited and 
  said they needed there pussy's eaten. 

  This scared Connie because she has never had to eat pussy before. 
  So she started to concentrate on cumming when all of a sudden the 
  mistress started beating her ass and her tits with the whip. This 
  totally distracted her and she knew that she was going to be in 
  trouble for the night. 

  Teresa then told her customers that her slave was there for their 
  pleasure. Teresa then told her slut to take off her panties. The 
  slave took them off and the mistress told her she will not need them 
  anymore. She was told to go around and kiss every girl and give 
  each one a blowjob if they requested one. 

  Teresa knew all the girls were going to want their pussies eaten. 
  The first girl that Connie went to kiss that was in the audience was 
  a big black woman. She knew if she didn't please her that she was 
  going to have pain somewhere. She got down on her knees in front 
  of the black woman and couldn't see anything between her legs. But 
  she could smell her fragrance. She knew the woman was excited and 
  when she got her face near her pussy the black woman grabbed the 
  back of her head and told her to get busy and eat that chocolate 
  pussy. 
OFFICE GAMES 
CHAPTER 7 
Connie finished the black woman off after ten minutes and was 
  working another girl when the mistress got behind her and took a few 
  pictures. 

  Mistress Teresa took a break from her slave and went and sat at the 
  bar and ordered a drink. As slave Connie was working on a few 
  others and one girl was ass fucking her with a strap on dildo. The 
  mistress was on a stool at the bar when another mistress came up to 
  her and offer her some money to rent her slave for hours or nights. 
  The mistress told her that she makes a great living renting her 
  slaves to other men and women for their special desires. 

  The other mistress then gave her phone number and her name so if 
  Mistress Teresa decides to rent her slut to make some money. They 
  finished a drink and talked about their slaves. The other mistress 
  told her ideas that she does to her slaves. 

  Mistress Teresa then got up and went to the stage and told everyone 
  since her sub slut had a great time tonight that she will be back 
  soon for more fun and pain. 

  After Connie was finished and pleased all the customers, Mistress 
  Teresa then made her get back on the stage and she then had her bend 
  over showing her ass to the crowd. 

  Mistress then made her spread her legs very wide so that she was 
  totally vulnerable, she then told her slave play with her pussy as 
  she spanks her ass. The mistress then brought down the whip on her 
  ass as slut Connie was putting her right hand to her pussy lips and 
  played with them. 

  After mistress whipped her ass ten times she could hear her slave 
  breathing hard. So she told her slut she wasn't allowed to cum 
  without her permission. 

  Another five minutes passed and Connie's ass was beet red and 
  starting to get black and blue, she then pleaded with her mistress 
  to let her cum and she was denied relief. 

  Well the night finally got over for Connie and it was one to 
  remember. The mistress then told Connie to grab her clothes and 
  carry them out with her to the car. 

  When the mistress and Connie got out to the car the mistress made 
  her lock all her clothes in her trunk and was not suppose to put 
  them on till she got home. 

  The mistress then followed her home and she watched Connie park the 
  car and slowly looked around to make sure no one was watching. 
  Connie then got out and opened her trunk and quickly put her clothes 
on and walked into her house. 

OFFICE GAMES 

CHAPTER 8

Mistress Teresa then drove home and thought about what she was going 
to do with her slave next week. She hoped that slave Connie would 
forget about shaving her pussy so she could do something to her for 
that. 

Saturday morning Connie woke up and she was sore as hell from all 
the activity the night before. She got up and went into the 
bathroom and took a two hour bath to sooth her pain. She did 
fantasize about what she was going to be doing under her new 
mistress. 

Monday morning Teresa got into work early and got some things ready 
for leaving work early. Connie got up and got dressed for work. 
She walked out to the car and got in and drove to work. 

Connie walked into work and told everyone hello and then went and 
sat at her desk and turned on her computer. 

After she got settled down there was a message from her mistress. 
She answered her mistress that she just got to work. The mistress 
then asked her how she liked her humiliation she was put through on 
Friday. 

Connie told her she was put through a lot to fast. She asked her 
mistress if she could slowly dominate her. She said she would have 
rather been dominated by her mistress first before she was taken out 
in public. 

The mistress thought about that and then told her that she wanted to 
meet her at lunch time behind the local McDonalds. Teresa then went 
and rented another car just for the day. She was going to have some 
fun with her slut slave. 

At lunchtime Connie left and drove to the back of McDonalds. The 
mistress was there in her car and got out wearing her mask. She 
then told Connie to go behind the dumpster and take off her dress. 
Connie walked behind the dumpster and took off her dress and 
underwear. The mistress then gave her the mask she had at the club 
to put on. 

Mistress Teresa then pulled her car up to the dumpster and told her 
slave to get in the front seat. As Connie was walking to get to the 
door the mistress moved the car forward and was driving on. Connie 
was now chasing her mistress completely naked behind the car begging 
her mistress to stop. 

After the mistress drove about 80 feet she finally stopped and let 
Connie get into the car. Connie got into the car breathing very 
hard and covering up her body. The mistress saw her trying to 
cover up her breasts and pussy. 

At that moment she then told her to put her hands behind the seat. 
At that time the mistress then grabbed her wrists and put some 
handcuffs on them. Now Connie's breasts were accessible for 
Mistress Teresa to play with. She then told Connie to spread her 
legs. She then saw that Connie did not shave her pussy so she was 
very happy of that. She then asked her why she didn't shave. 
Connie told her she had planned on doing it before the weekend.




OFFICE GAMES 

CHAPTER 9

Mistress then drove up the street and pulled into this parking 
area. She then got out of the car and went to the trunk. She then 
came around to the passenger side of the car and opened the door she 
then tied the rope around both of Connie's ankles. She then told 
Connie she wanted her ankles above her head. 

Connie told her she couldn't do it but the mistress helped her out 
dramatically. She put the seat back a little and then she got in the 
back seat and pulled on the rope hard. This easily pulled Connie's 
feet above her head and behind to the back seat. 

The mistress tied off the rope then she got out and went around and 
got back into the drivers seat. She then admired her work of slave 
Connie. Connie was in the passenger seat with her legs above her 
head, her ass and pussy accessible for the mistress to play with. 


The mistress could see the pussy was glistening wet so she decided 
to drive around town some and advertise her sluts open vulnerable 
body. She drove to very populated shopping centers and Wal-Mart's. 
There was a lot of people that glanced and seen her naked body. 

Some guys wanted to get closer looks at her ass and pussy available 
for pleasing. Mistress Teresa then told the guys they could touch 
her for five dollars each. The first guy gave her the five dollars 
and then mistress Teresa then told her slave to beg the man to play 
with her pussy and stick his fingers in. 

Slave Connie looked at the man and then begged him, she said "please 
mister will you play with my pussy and make me all wet for my 
mistress." The man agreed and started playing with her soft titties 
first and then put his hand down to her vulnerable exposed pussy. 

After about 7 minutes of him playing with her the mistress stopped 
him and told him that his time was up. The next guy then gave her 
his five dollars to play with her. He then got busy playing with 
her and her pussy was soaking wet, ready for anything to be stuck up 
her pussy. 

Half hour later the mistress finally said it was time to go, her 
slut just made her 25 dollars so she though they should stop and get 
something to eat from what they just went through. 

The mistress decided to go through the local dairy queen drive 
through. Poor Connie was in the front seat and very visible to 
anyone looking in the car. As mistress Teresa was ordering some 
food she would look at Connie and ask her if she was hungry for 
anything. Poor Connie looked at her and told her no but the 
mistress ordered her some food anyway. Mistress ordered her some 
food and an ice cream stick. Connie was wondering how she was going 
to eat but found out soon enough.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlebro_969


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





