BDSM Library - Beatrice meets Joseph Drake




Beatrice meets Joseph Drake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beatrice , working at a cafe noticed him for a long time already. This night happens something unexpected, Joseph Drake introduces her to her own needs.
Beatrice meets Joseph Drake
by John Galt

Drakes eyes fixed her on the floor. Unable to move she looked on the floor. His
eyes wandered over her body. She was kneeling, naked except her heels and her
short skirt, on the hard floor. Her hands and legs spread from her body, her
knees on the floor, the legs pointing away from her center. Goose bumps all over
her skin made her shiver.
Slowly he walked around her, pausing sometimes, admiring her from different
angles. He didn't touch her, yet. This just made her more crazy.
She wanted him. Badly. She was almost dripping, in her need. Never before she
felt this turned on.
How did she end up on the hardwood floor in this small basement room? Dimly
light, warm, about three by five meters and clearly meant for the use of a
slave.

For years she knew her submissive side. Stories, porn, chats, forums even a few
personals made her way deeper into it. She owned a few things to tie herself
down and inflict pain, not too much though. She loved the submissive feelings of
submitting to someone, to endure for someone. In her own little sessions she
always imagined that someone. When she had a partner to play with they never
matched up to her fantasy, not even close. Some were switches, what turned her
off so immensely she couldn't believe it. Others just didn't stand up to her
needs of a strong person.

Drake was different. Joseph Drake was frequently visiting the restaurant she was
working part time as a waitress. The rest of the time she did whatever she
wanted, as she inherited a small apartment from an aunt of hers. The job was
paying well enough to keep her over water and wasn't so stressful that she
thought of quitting. The restaurant was upper class, but not really flashy. So
you could see people giving themselves a treat there and the more endowed
clientele that frequented it more often.

Every month he was there at least once. Two things she noticed about him.
The first was that almost every time there was another woman with him there,
never a man. Some women came with him there two times in a row, others after a
while again. Mostly he was there way early, and waited for the women to arrive.
And the second thing was his glance at her. Whenever he looked at her, she felt
naked. Often her face flushed and she had to leave his vicinity if she could. He
talked like he owned the place, her, the whole world. Not with mockery or glee,
but with authority and power. His look, his presence radiated something that
made her shiver sometimes. And very horny. It touched a nerve in her needs.

Mostly Drake was preferring the male waiters. It made her think he was gay, but
the women indicated otherwise too obviously. He tipped generously, preferred
privacy, swift service and sometimes she needed to help with service things to
the table. That of all made her most nervous.

That night, Drake was again sitting at the table he preferred. It was in a
corner not really popular, more secluded but still standing freely, away from
the wall booths. The nights he was there, the corner was staying that way,
thanks to generous tips. This night he did something unusual. He followed her
with his eyes. He was not a starer, she knew that, and she almost drowned a
customer in soup when she got so nervous. He also was smoking, something he
almost never did. This went on for over an hour and she thanked god that she was
off duty in a few minutes. As she wanted to leave through the back door, she
heard one of her colleagues, the guy that was working Drakes table calling her
name.

"Bea, wait up!"

She turned and waited impatiently. She wanted to go home. And masturbate.

"What is it Tom", she snapped.

"Wow, easy, don't kill the messenger", he said smiling. "Got something for you,
care to see what it is?"

Her curiosity was almost not strong enough to tip the balance, but it did,
besides he could bug her for weeks, if she didn't give in.

"Fine, what's this about?"

He led her back to the restaurant, around the buffet, and straight to the table
of Drake. She followed him in a trance like state, bored, waiting to go home.

"Mister Drake was requesting a conversation with you, and here you are, have a
nice evening Mister Drake", he said, grinned and almost dashed off.

Stunned, she didn't realize at first where she was, her head was spinning from
the last hour and now standing there with this practical stranger, made her
almost high.

"Sit down please." His calm voice had a commanding tone, but he also sounded a
little bored.

She did as told.

"My name is Joseph Drake, but you know that already from Tom and the other very
talkative employees of this restaurant. Thankfully only talkative to each other.
Of course i also know your name by now Beatrice."

He inhaled his cigarette and looked at her again, after crushing the bud in an
ashtray.

"If you wish to leave, this is the right time, i wont be offended, after all i
am the one who caused you discomfort tonight, and i wanted to apologize for
that. And quiet frankly i wanted to have a chance of having a conversation with
you."

His eyes looked questioning at her.

"N.. No you didn't make me uncomfortable tonight Mister Drake, there is no need
for an apology." Except that you did make me feel sort of uncomfortable and i
loved it, she added in her mind.

A small smile went over his features, a shadow of it remaining on his face.

"I am more for the truth. Lies are so discomforting. Why don't you tell me the
full truth?"

She swallowed. The lie was minor, she thought, but she didn't really want to
tell it, but didn't feel comfortable about the truth.

"You would not like the truth, Mister Drake. And it might endanger my employment
here as well."

Again the smile wandered over his face.

"Try me."

Cocky bastard, Beatrice thought. Her hormones were already in overdrive, her
body craving the masturbation she had in mind. Her guard usually high on
strangers, specially in her workplace, dropped. She relaxed a bit, after all,
this was her free time.

"You made me nervous, staring at me like that..."

"Ah. Like what?"

His interest flamed up a bit in his eyes, his tone still in the impossible state
of being a bit bored, detached, but in full control.

"Like... like you own this place."

"Well, i don't, but that's not all you thought, is it?"

Now she wriggled her butt in her chair. He knew, she thought. That made her at
the same time more aroused, as well as uncomfortable. God, what was wrong with
her tonight?

"I thought you looked like you owned this joint, the whole world and...", she
gasped for words, but couldn't get herself to say it.

"And what?" he asked, now obviously interested, leaning forward slightly.

"... and me." She wanted to sink into the floor. All she could do is stare at
the table. Her head was spinning. What the hell did she just say to this guy?

"Would you like it, if i would own you?" The question hit her like a bag of
bricks.

Her heart dropped, her skin crawled and she wanted to whisper yes, but her voice
went steady before she answered.

"What if i would?" Good save, not too interested, not too obvious, not too
needy.

He slightly tilted his head, then looked around. The restaurant was nearly
empty. The three waiters on duty  were sitting at a small table next to the
kitchen, about six other persons were scattered through the rest of the room.
His eyes fixed on hers.

"Then you would have to prove it. Tonight. Now."

The stare went into her again, ripped through her body, turned it inside out,
threw it around in the room, exploded into pieces and pieced it together again,
after examining every little bit of it, all in the blink of an eye. It was
almost like a physical blow and she lowered her eyes.

"Ok. How?"



She did not clearly remember all of it, but somehow they got up, walked for
about two minutes and ended up in a small alley, then some stairs down, then
this room. He had a key, he was there before. It said "Storage" on the first
door, and "Keep Out!" on the door behind that one. The outer one being heavy
metal, the inner one heavy wood. In between was barley enough space for two
people to stand, without pressing against each other.

The room was small, hard wood. Warm. Some light made it comfortably dark. You
could see all, but not have any glare in your eyes.

"Kneel down", his calm voice commanded. His public disinterest was gone. The
voice that seemed to talk about the weather if someone would have heard his
tone, changed to a voice used to command. And clearly used to get a prompt
reaction.

A bit unsure she knelt on the floor, her skirt rising a bit.

"On your heels, spread your knees, more. That's good. Keep our back straight,
push your back out a little. Keep your head slightly down, your eyes on the
floor." All the instructions sunk in. They felt right and made her aroused.

Slowly he walked around her, his shoes making only marginal sounds as the heels
hit the floor. She hears the leather of the shiny tops creak slightly. Her
senses pick up many more things, and most of all she feels his sight on her.

"Look at the door", she did. "There is no key from the inside, you have to
simply push down the handle. From the outside its locked of course. The outer
door works the same. This is not my place, but i can use it at my convenience.
So whenever you wish, you can leave through this door. And i wont think bad of
you if you do."

He crouched down and lifted her head with a finger, to meet his eyes. Brown dark
eyes, that could look into her, she knew.

"Here are the rules. Do not speak unless asked, or given a command. If you need
to speak, ask for permission. You can scream all you want or make any noise,
this room is soundproof. You call me Sir, not Master. You say 'Yes, Sir' or 'No,
Sir' when asked simple questions. When you think you can't take it anymore, you
have one way out, your safe word. You call the safe word, i stop instantly and
there wont be any more of this tonight, then we talk if you wish. Do you wish me
to provide this word or do you have one for yourself?"

She shook her head. As she saw a smile on his face, she realized that didn't
make much sense. "I don't have a word Sir, could you provide me with one
please?"

Nodding he answers, "certainly, your safe word will be 'Release'."

He got up again and told her that he wanted to see more of her body. She always
displayed it to him in the restaurant, but he wanted to see more of it. First
went her jacket. He simply kicked it aside as he started his slow walks around
her again. Next went her shirt. Her choice of bra that day was a sports bra, so
it outlined her pretty well. Her stockings went next.

With her bare knees on the hard floor, she felt more vulnerable already.

"Remove your underwear, panties first, then your bra. Do it slowly."

She hesitated for a moment, then tugged her panties down from under her skirt,
pulled them slowly off and tossed them aside. Her bra slowly made it over her
head and went into the same direction.

Drake made her rest her weight on her stretched arms, her legs spread out, her
skirt pulled up a bit. Her high heels still on her feet, and the skirt in that
position made her feel a lot more exposed than she would have felt completely
naked. She liked being naked, but this was worse than being naked. IT was
deliberately being on display. That was what she liked.

Small sweat beads formed on her body. It wasn't too hot in the room but it felt
to her like that. Drake was still fully clothed and didn't seem to break a sweat
at all.

"You are kneeling on a hard wood floor. You only wear your heels and your skirt,
which both don't hide anything really. I can clearly see your cunt, your breasts
and every inc of your naked body. All is openly exposed. I could touch
everything i wanted any moment i wanted. How does that make you feel Beatrice?"

She literally shivered. "Horny, Sir. Extremely aroused. I wish you would touch
me, Sir."

"Just touch? Is that all you want?"

"No, Sir... i wish you would fuck me."

Smiling he stood in front of her looking down. "Look up at me, don't change
position." She did. "When you say that, it almost sounds like you are in
control. You are not. If you crave something, you have to beg and plead for it.
Just maybe i will then do something. But only if its the same i wish to do. Do
you understand that?"

The position was taking on her body, but she kept looking up with her head in
her neck. "Yes, Sir."

"Good, also you have to describe it more graphically. Use words you usually
would not use." She nodded. "Good then try again."

Her head lowered, blood rushed into her face. "Please Sir, could you fuck my
cunt? I beg you to fuck me as you please, fast and hard or any other way you
wish. I crave your cock in my pussy really badly."

"Quick study", nodding approvingly he went to a small cupboard and opened it.
Drake removed a dildo and a tube of lubricant.

"I will not fuck you. You are not worthy of being fucked by me tonight. Maybe if
you do very well tonight, i will take your body at some other time, but before
that, you will endure many other things."

Tossing the dildo and the cream in front of her, he went to the cupboard, closed
it then sat down on a chair in the corner. She looked at the things, not moving,
not understanding.

"Did you ever see a rubber cock before?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Do you have one yourself?"

"No, Sir."

"Ever tried out one in your cunt?"

There was a short wait, then she answered: "Yes, Sir."

Interesting, he thought for himself, but continued to ask questions without
letting her grasp any of his thoughts, or giving her time to think too much.

She never had one in her ass, but she sucked on one before. She used gliding
cream, so she knew what it was and how to use it. All answers came only in the
short style he had intended.

"If ordered you to use this cock now in your ass, would you do that?"

"Yes, Sir." Her answer surprised herself. She never thought of anal sex really,
only very rarely it came to her mind. It was not a turn off, but never really a
turn on. Yet she was horny and submissive enough to do it right now. Had he
asked an hour ago, she would have answered different.

Having her off balance in her head was the perfect moment for him.

"This one has a base that sucks to the floor. Use some spit on it, and secure it
to the floor."

He is going to make me fuck myself in the ass with this thing, she thought. Her
eyes got big as she saw the thing more close. In her hands it felt huge, but it
was smaller then every mans organ she saw so far. Just pushing it in her ass
would probably bust her muscle. With some spit on its base, she pushed it hard
against the floor, so it stood erect upwards. It was not long either, but to her
this was right now the biggest cock on earth.

Smiling he saw her do her duty, slowly but she did it. She wouldn't be aware
that she was being slow, in her mind she would soon have it in her ass.

"Apply some of that cream on the tip of the cock. Smear it good around its head,
and also around the shaft. Pretend you masturbate it a little. You want to make
sure there is everywhere enough lubricant."

"Yes, Sir", she said and did as instructed.

"Now listen carefully. I will tell you what to do in a bit. Once i did, you will
start doing this and continue doing this until you are close to coming. You are
not allowed to come. As soon as you are close, you will stop instantly and tell
me that you are close. Understood?"

"Understood, Sir."

"Get your cunt around that cock and fuck yourself on it."

Almost like a blow it landed in her mind that he had that in his head all the
time.

"I told you to get your cunt around that cock. Get that cock in your pussy or
you face punishment, is that clear?"

She gulped, uttering a "yes, Sir". Fast she crouched over it. Slowly it slid
into her. The lubricant was more than obsolete, it had nearly to no resistance
at all. On her knees again she began to lift herself up and down. She fast got
the hang of it and knew it would take a bit with the lubricant in place to get
herself to a point where she would be able to get off on this. But then again
she was so extremely turned on, she felt like she could almost come already.

Drake watched her fuck herself on the dildo, enjoying the show of her breasts
bouncing, her hair waving, the skirt flapping and her breath quickening.

"Sir, i am really close now", she said and stopped. It felt like she was on
fire. He was still fully clothed, she was nearly naked. He sat in a chair
casually, while she fucked herself on a dildo on the floor. She wanted to please
him, service him, have him fuck her, suck him, just do something to pleasure
him. Little did she know that she was doing it already.

"Would you like to come?" The question sounded in her ear like she wasn't really
there. Like he asked about the time, or the weather. It made her humiliated and
she almost groaned.

"Yes, Sir. Please let me cum. I want to come so badly."

"So you would like to come right now, fucking yourself on a rubber cock, that is
mounted to a wooden floor, in a basement, in front of a fully clothed stranger?
That sounds to me like you are a really depraved pervert."

"Yes, Sir, i am a depraved pervert. I want this very badly right now. Please
sir, i do anything, please give me permission to come."

"When i allow you to come, you will continue to fuck your cunt on that cock
until you come. Then you will remove it from your pussy, wash it there in the
corner and put it back into the cupboard. Then you get dressed, without your
panties, and kneel again the way i told you when we came in. Understood, slave?"

The word 'slave' made a string in her body vibrate. He called her a slave. She
was a slave now, she knew that. His slave. But that only set her starting point.

"Yes, Sir."

She ground her hips hard into the dildo, it didn't take her long and she came
hard, screaming at the top of her lungs. Then she collapsed. It took a while for
her to catch her breath, she felt his eyes on her all the time.

After she did as she was told she knelt there again.

"I keep your panties as a token. If you want to claim them, you know where you
can find me."

He held them in his hand in front of her and then put them in his pocket.

"When you feel like you want to do more then just serve food at the table, you
say to me simply 'could you please use this slave' and we will talk about it. It
is unlikely i will be alone, so you have to say it in front of whom i am with
there. You can say it in front of every person i am there with. Those women are
also into the same things. Some are slaves, some are other dominants, although i
indicate tell you who is what, you simply can see it in their eyes."

Smiling again he took her by her arm and helped her up, then held her close in a
hug.

"This evening has been very stimulating for me, even if you might not think so.
And i would like to have another evening with you, maybe even a full night."

And so they parted for that day.

Beatrice had it set in her mind to do this again, then hopefully more. She felt
confident that she found someone who could understand what she craved for and
would take his pleasure from her, while she got her pleasure from giving it
freely to him.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Galt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





