BDSM Library - The Blind Domme




The Blind Domme
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sightless Miss Kyra dominates women and men!The Blind Domme  
My fingers moved quickly across the last of the raised dots. &quot;Allison&quot; my
  fingers read &quot;I've been looking all over town for you! You have company
  at home. A young man all the way from New York.&quot;  
My fingers dropped off the page, and I closed &quot;Peyton Place&quot;, my
  first &quot;naughty&quot; book I'd ordered surreptitiously as a girl, years
  ago,hiding it under &quot;Little Women&quot; when I'd gotten it in the mail
  from Jennie, my roommate at Perkins. &quot;It is such a sexy book, Kyra!&quot; she'd
  said to me over the phone &quot;Don't let your Mom find it!&quot;  
Not that Mom could read Braille anyway. I laughed thinking about it...after
  all, I'd read &quot;Peyton Place&quot; a book from the 1950s, in the seventies,
  and even then it was tame next to books like &quot;Valley of the Dolls&quot; and
  whatever Erica Jong was writing..but sadly, those books weren't in Braille
  then. But now, that I can read regular print with my Optacon reader, which
  scans print and sends electronic impulses back to my index finger in the shape
  of the letters, I have full access to whatever erotic filth I like...but my
  my old favorite is still what it was when I was twelve...the Braille version
  of &quot;Peyton Place&quot;.  
I leaned over and put &quot;Peyton Place&quot; on the coffee table, feeling
  to make sure it was not going to knock over the coffee that Kevin had brought
  me. Then I'd have to whip him. I giggled. On the other side of the room, there
  was a cough. &quot;Did you want something, Miss Kyra?&quot; I made my voice
  cold. &quot;Did I say I did, Gareth? Are you pushing your nose into the corner?
  You'd better.&quot; &quot;Yes ma'am.&quot; his voice came, mumbling.  
I smiled, and tucked my shirt in a bit, feeling my heavy breasts with the
  hardening nipples. I thought of poor Gareth, who had been standing naked in
  the corner all morning. Gareth owned this house, and kept me on a fat allowance,
  understanding about my various lovers and the other slaves that I have living
  here, and all the poor boy wanted was some time with his Miss Kyra!  
Gareth works so hard, and much of that time he's traveling around the world,
  hoping for some alone time with Miss Kyra....so the one weekend he gets at
  home, Miss Kyra makes him stand in the corner!  
And last night, when he took me to dinner, he was telling me how much he
  wanted to take me on a picnic today, how he wanted to take me jewelry shopping,
  and maybe go to a play. He'd bought tickets to a good one &quot;The Music Man&quot; and
  had gotten us front row seats so I could hear well, and possibly sense the
  actors moving about on the stage. And I was going to take these tickets and
  give them to Deroy, my lover and his other girlfriend, Caitlin.  
And poor Gareth was consigned to the corner. Balancing two Encyclopaedia
  Brittanicas under a cup of hot coffee on his head, no less...if he drops it,
  I'll hear him, and have another use for mny long white cane.  
I could have whipped Gareth, feeling his crotch hardening against my nyloned
  knees as my hairbrush crashed against his sweaty, wrinkled buttocks again and
  again...but that would be too much attention. Gareth must realize that just
  because he supports me and gives me a nice place to live, doesn't mean he's
  goiing to get Miss Kyra to focus on him all the time.  
In a way he reminded me a lot of Basil, the slave boy who kept me in a wonderful
  cottage at Martha's Vineyard years ago. I was just twenty-one, and Basil would
  work all week in New York, sweating away, getting no relief from the chastity
  device that held him, and then he'd show up on Fridays, getting off the ferry,
  and gasping at the sight of glorious little me in my bikini. I usually had
  a darkish tan by June, and would wear a white bikini which, I was told, set
  my dark skin off.  
I don't know what dark and white are like, really...but I know the sound
  of Basil's strangled gasp as he'd see me, and I'd march right up to him on
  the dock, toward the voice &quot;Here Mistress&quot; tapping my long white
  cane, the stick that has grown progressively longer since I got my first one
  at age three.  
I'd tap my cane, feeling the wood on the dock, hearing other men whispering &quot;There's
  that hot blind girl...Jesus, those tits...what's she see in that loser?&quot; Money,
  honey. I'd tap along and finally stop right in front of poor Basil. I'd hear
  his heavy breathing and smell that pathetic Brut cologne, and reach right up
  at chest level and grab one of his nipples through his expensive Brooks Brothers
  shirt, twisting it harshly, before dropping my nails down to flick his crotch,
  where the penis was straining against the chastity device.  
At home, I'd order Basil to strip and bring me a Long Island Iced Tea. Then
  we'd adjorn to the bedroom, where he'd set out the ropes, and I'd move around,
  tying his wrists and ankles to the bedposts, before using my superior tactile
  sensation-oriented fingers to feel Basil's entire body... I'd run my fingers
  over his Adam's apple, his broad shoulders, running my hands over his chest,
  tweaking the nipples again and again.  
I'd hear Basil's breathing getting heavier and faster as my nails marched
  along his belly, feeling his navel. I'd smell the sweat pouring down his forehead
  as my little hands finally reeached his chastity device. &quot;I don't know
  where the key is&quot; I'd say. &quot;I think I lost it...I can't see anything,
  you know.&quot; I'd hear the mingled sob..and that was ridiculous. We both
  knew that I had the key. Finally I'd go into my purse and get the key out and
  unlock the poor bastard.  
I'd have an exaggerated feeling of Basil's legs, pretending I couldn't find
  the chastity device, but finally I'd unlock it, pulling it out from under his
  legs. Then I'd feel for my marvelous lubricant and squirt some on my hand and
  begin my tactile trot across his balls and shaft, touching the full, throbbing
  shaft, running my fingers carefully across the swelling veins of his engorged
  penis. I don't know whether sighted women are as fascinated with the various
  bumps and paths surrounding the average penis, which is incredibly covered
  in lines, veins and wrinkles.  
The circumsised penis is not quite as intricate, but it is indeed bulbous,
  and Basil's was cut and huge...and I'd rub it carefully, whistling between
  my teeth, hearing him pant as I moved my long nails up and down the shaft oh
  so carefully. I generally polish my nails red, as my sister says that's a good
  color for me. Red is a good color, gray isn't...they're all just words to Kyra.  
At some point I'd lean over and carefully rub my nipples across Basil's chest
  until he appeared to be begging oh, begging for me to let him cum, and then
  I'd leave the room for a while. I really enjoyed spenidng the entire weekend
  torturing poor Basil, and quite often locking him back up again with no orgasm,
  and sending him back for a long week of chastity in New York.  
If he bitched &quot;I didn't get to cum last week either, and I'm so good
  to you...&quot; Then I'd have Basil grab his ankles, bent over and lash his
  bottom with the cane, and not let him visit me for a fortnight. What a riot
  that was! Especially since he would be locked in his belt for all that time.  
Then there was Jaques, who I kept in a cage in his apartment in Monaco...he'd
  taken me all over Europe in a car, and I hadn't had to tap around with my cane
  at all. I could just be whisked about in Jacques' limo...or Kent, the rich
  deaf-mute. I couldn't see his hand-signs, and he couldn't make any noise...all
  the communication we seemed to have was when he'd thump to the floor as I whipped
  his butt cheeks, or I'd feel his body vibrate as I stimulated his frenum with
  my expert tactile fingers. Or Bruce, a whining baby who I kept in rustly petticoats,
  hearing him raise them and pulling down his panties for yet another correction.
  What an amazing creature ran the U.N....what would they think?  
Or Mustafa, from the Sudan...who had a dungeon so intricate I would have
  to move carefully through the tunnels, using my facial vision to feel the change
  in the air pressure between the body and the stone walls before arriving to
  where he was cuffed to the ceiling...feeling through his rack of whips for
  a long one with spur ends that would give me that satisfying sound of slashing!  
But enough of that...we had visitors coming. My old friend Simone and her
  novice domme Sheila were going to spend a few days here, and we had to prepare. &quot;Gareth!&quot; I
  called. Thump! &quot;Ow!&quot; I giggled silently. The coffee must've fallen
  on his bare belly as the books dropped on his feet, the poor clumsy thing. &quot;Gareth,
  you must prepare...we have visitors coming..but first I think I'm going to
  have to execute my cane on your buttocks for your clumsiness.&quot;  
A long sigh. &quot;Yes ma'am.&quot;  
An Hour Later  
&quot;Jesus, Simone, I haven't laughed so much in years...since I was on
  the Island with you.&quot; Kyra smiled. &quot;You were a Castle Domme?&quot; Sheila
  asked in astonishment. &quot;After only a three year internship as a dominatrix
  in New York State!&quot; Kyra said triumphantly. &quot;Ky's title was Lady
  Grandison, but she was known as Lady Fingers&quot; said Simone with a smile. &quot;She
  had the power to make any man jump at her touch.&quot;  
Kyra snorted, feeling around for her Budweiser. Kevin, Kyra's brother and
  apparently a slave also, quickly put the can in her hands, and she took a long
  slug, She was the most beautiful woman Sheila had ever seen. Watching Kyra
  as she conversed enthusiastically with Simone, Sheila was just amazed. That
  shoulder length sandy hair, clear, luminous though quite blank hazel eyes.  
Though Sheila had to admit, Kyra was much better mannered than the blind
  people who Sheila had been around previously. Most stared into space as they
  spoke to you. Not this girl. When you spoke to Kyra, she turned her head as
  if to look at you, though of course, she couldn't.  
&quot;How is the fat old Castle director?&quot; Kyra inquired of Simone. &quot;The
  last time I heard from him, he sent me some begging letter...a tape of course,
  because he didn't want Kevin or Gareth reading it to me in their voices. He
  was just begging me to come back. Like five years in the Castle wasn't enough
  to teach me everything...Simone, don't you ever want to come back to this area?"Kyra
  toyed with her white cane as she spoke. &quot;I've had just about enough of
  it traveling around here.&quot; Simone replied, touching Kyra's hand. Sheila
  sensed that there was something else between Simone and Kyra--they weren't
  just pals.  
&quot;I really wish to return to the sunny beaches of the Castle...and my
  pathetic husband Stuart.&quot; Kyra snorted. &quot;Yes of course, Mr. Peanut--I
  call him that because he always smelled of salty peanuts to me,&quot; explained
  Kyra in Sheila's direction. Dressed in a skintight black tee shirt and cargo
  pants, Kyra relaxed, chain smoking Lucky Strikes, sipping a beer and laughing
  at Simone's sallies. Sheila noticed that the poor bastard in the corner, naked
  Gareth, kept surreptitiously turning and giving Kyra imploring looks, though
  of course that couldn't do any good. Kevin stood by Kyra trying to be as helpful
  as he could.  
&quot;Did you bring me my sandwich, brother dear?&quot; Kyra asked, and Kevin
  mumbled &quot;I was busy with the beers, but I'll get it.&quot; Kyra smiled
  into space. &quot;You've got to learn, Kev. Unzip your pants and take your
  cock out.&quot; Kevin's voice wavered &quot;Please, I'll get the sandwich.&quot; Kyra
  laughed &quot;You certainly will, after you take your cock out, NOW.&quot; Kevin
  unzipped his pants and pulled out a long, hard cock, and Kyra picked up her
  Lucky Strike, and began stabbing it out on Kevin's penis, holding the shaft
  with one hand as she burned Kevin's cockhead with her cigarette tip in the
  other. Then, Kyra had neatly picked up Simone's cup of steaming hot coffee,
  and had poured a bit of that onto Kevin's hard cock, to the point that he screamed.  
As Kevin held his hands behind his back, gritting his teeth, Kyra felt around
  and grabbed the tip of Kevin's penis and pinched his foreskin several tiimes
  with her long fingernails, and he squealed and gasped at the intense pain.
  Kyra groped about in front of her, and Simone instinctively handed Kyra her
  long riding crop, the Licorice Whip, and she landed it five or sx times, hard
  on Kevin's shuddering cock....and Kevin cried yet a bit more!  
Kyra then reached her slim little wrist into Kevin's open zippered crotch
  and grabbed and squeezed Kevin's balls, as her brother bent over at the stomach
  and cried. &quot;That's amazing, I couldn't have found them in there without
  seeing.&quot; Sheila said. &quot;Oh, I've learned to do quite a bit without
  it as you may guess.  
&quot;Now, you can zip back up and go get me my sandwich, as well as the
  other women's sandwiches&quot; Kyra told her weeping brother, and laughed hearing
  Sheila's gasp. Apparently they were twins...they looked a great deal alike,
  though of course they weren't identical, and Kevin was sighted. But there seemed
  to be a yearning look in Simone's eyes as she learned towards Kyra. Sheila
  was mystified by this.  
Kyra, enjoying the sensations of a cold brew in one hand and Simone's pressing
  fingers in the other, wondered how Simone was going to behave on this visit.
  With the new girl, Sheila, here, Simone couldn't possibly revert to her usual
  role when she visited Kyra's house. But seventeen years before, when Kyra had
  been a domme in the Castle, Simone had come to her room one night, and in a
  voice quite different from the usual, regal &quot;Simone tone&quot; she'd said, &quot;Kyra,
  I-I saw you when you were domming one of the female clients. Simone had sounded
  so hesitant, and Kyra had felt the vibrations of Simone's face close, but she
  seemed to be just below Kyra's head--was she on her knees, Kyra had wondered?  
Kyra had smiled, trying to tilt her head down somewhat to the direction of
  Simone's voice, and had listened carefully to the way Simone was speaking,
  and the tone she'd used. Having always had to depend on only the four senses
  of hearing, touching, tasting and smell, Kyra had learned early on that people
  sent messages from the way they said things, that were far more important than
  what they said. &quot;I-I just was so taken with the way you whipped that girl,
  and how you twisted her long nipples.&quot;  
Simone had stuttered. &quot;I-might have to dominate one of our um, gentle
  sex one day, and it was good for me to watch, very interesting.&quot; They'd
  talked late into the night, and somewhere around three, Simone had asked if
  she could stay. Somehow, Simone had worked her way between Kyra's legs and
  had performed several hours of expert tongue work on Kyra's happy pussy, bringing
  Kyra to several orgasms. At one point, Kyra had asked Simone if she wanted
  reciprocity, and Simone had insisted that she'd be happier masturbating, and
  Kyra had felt Simone drop to the floor and frig herself, Kyra assumed, on her
  knees.  
Simone had shown up night after night, climbing into Kyra's bed and bringing
  her to several orgasms before going back to her own room after masturbating
  herself while sleeping on the floor. And then Simone had begun cleaning Kyra's
  room now and then, when slaveboys weren't showing up to do it....Kyra wondered
  what was going on.A couple of days later, Simone was supposed to bring a Spencer
  paddle, the the thick wooden kind with the holes, to Kyra immediately for an
  important session with Senator Panfili, and Simone had been late, and Kyra
  had made do with a telephone book, she'd heard her father, a Texas police detective
  say they'd &quot;sweat&quot; truth out of suspects using a book as it didn't
  leave marks, and Kyra had adapted that for the Senator.  
When Simone showed up an hour late with the paddle, Kyra had laughed and
  said &quot;Well, you were supposed to bring the Spencer earlier, but we resolved
  it.&quot; Simone had snapped at her. &quot;Well, I'm not your servant to bring
  you things on time just because you're blind...unless you want to punish me...then
  I supposed I'd have to do as you asked.&quot; Kyra had felt her way across
  the room until she'd been right level with Simone, and then she'd reached out
  and slapped Simone's face, hard.  
&quot;You'll bring me that Spencer paddle on time next time, and this time
  I'm going to show you what you get!&quot; And Simone had stripped, thrown herself
  over Kyra's couch, and received a terrific paddling from her energetic blind
  friend. After this, whenever Kyra and Simone hadn't been busy domming their
  various slaves, they'd get together so Kyra could give Simone the discipline
  she craved, twisting Simone's nipples, horsewhipping Simone's bare butt, cattle-prodding
  Simone, and generally keeping the other dominatrix jumping.  
When, after five years, Kyra had invested her money and decided to leave
  the Castle and go to Buffalo, NY to live with her brother, Simone had pleaded
  with her not to go, and then made regular trips to Buffalo, just to get further
  sessions.But now Simone seemed somewhat regal, and it didn't look like she'd
  want that from Kyra now...female domination. Or maybe she would, but Kyra doubted
  that she wanted to lose face in front of Sheila....it was a mystery!  
Sheila was amazed at this scene. Gareth, the fatty slave was still naked
  and in the corner, sobbing audibly. Every now and then he would blow his nose
  into a handkerchief, which she assumed was the only bit of clothing he was
  allowed.And Kevin, Kyra's twin brother was incredibly solicitous of his sister,
  running back and forth to get anything she wanted, and being rewarded left
  and right with cuffs and slaps. Sheila had never heard of a brother serving
  his dominant sister before, it seemed a bit incestous, but hell a month ago
  she knew nothing of female domination or S/M at all. &quot;You got it, he eats
  her out and she manually teases him, just like the others I've introduced you
  to&quot;  
Simone had told Sheila tartly in the car. &quot;Kevin actually came to live
  with Kyra when she came to work at the Castle, and stayed right in her room,
  never left without her, though (snort) we used to see her whipping his bare
  ass on the beach...if she hadn't been so good at her work, the Castle director
  never would've gone for that, let me tell you.&quot; &quot;But how did he work,
  or did she support him?&quot; Sheila asked. There wasn't much employment at
  the Castle for guys, as the slaves did almost everything.  
Simone had snickered, turning into Kyra's driveway. &quot;No, Kyra wouldn't
  support any man, I don't think&ndash;much less her mealy-mouthed brother. Kevin
  is fairly rich, he's a writer, does those Mike Fish mysteries, you know them.&quot; Sheila
  nodded. &quot;Yeah, my dad reads them, there are about fifty of them, real
  macho stuff.&quot; Simone had laughed as she'd braked and turned the car off. &quot;Yes,
  I wonder where Kevin gets that, as he's the wimpiest creature I've ever seen.  
Anyway, he just sat at his word processor and typed out all that drivel,
  and sent it off to a publisher in New York, and then he'd receive royalty checks,
  which of course he signed over to his blind little sister.&quot; Simone snorted. &quot;He
  has been her body servant since she was a teenager. Pathetic, I think.&quot; Sheila
  had heard a tone of irritation, or was it jealousy? You'd think Simone would
  be in favor of a rich brother serving his dominant sister, she thinks everything
  else that goes on like that is so cool, right?  
What Sheila didn't know, was,that that Simone had been Kyra's slave, which
  Simone devoutly hoped Sheila would never know. And Kyra had ordered Simone,
  who was the ultimate dominatrix, to give Kevin oral sex every year on his birthday. &quot;Please
  not that,&quot; Simone had begged of Mistress Kyra at the time. &quot;I've
  drank gallons of your urine, Mistress, knelt on broken glass and sometimes
  your childhood jacks, I've rimmed diahrea from your gorgeous buttocks.  
I've allowed you to push needles through my nipples...I've had you lash my
  breasts with stinging nettles...You've scorched cigars out on my tender tongue...&quot; &quot;You
  have to do it, if you are my slave&quot; Miss Kyra had replied back then. Simone
  had continued her protests &quot;I've deep-throated your dildos and licked
  your muddy boots clean... I serviced your pet Shetland pony... but please don't
  make me perform fellatio on a slave, much less one as pathetic as your brother.&quot;  
Kyra had caned Simone viciously for her sauciness, and Simone had swallowed
  two or three loads from Kevin's sorry little cock.Not just when she'd been
  in the Castle but even after Kyra had left to become a free-lance dominatrix
  again, was Simone commanded to come and service Kevin on his birthday.Kyra
  had found the Castle too &quot;Safe&quot; and stifling. Explaining why she
  was leaving to the sobbing Simone Kyra had said &quot;As a blind girl, I was
  always encouraged to get a 'safe' job in a workshop deal making brooms...  
When I got the full academic scholarship to Welleselley, and there was no
  doubt of my intelligence, I was still advised to get a job teaching blind kids
  at a school, or doing something where I'd be sheltered.&quot; Simone had begged
  her with tears in her eyes. &quot;But this isn't a sheltered workshop! Thisis
  one of the most exciting places in the world, Tease Island! My whole life has
  changed...I'm happier as your slave than I ever was as a domme, and you want
  to leave me and this exciting place?&quot; Kyra had replied,  
&quot;No, the Castle is especially sheltered, because there's always a constant
  flow of slaves coming, and you don't have any uncertainty about clients...As
  well as how easy it is for me to get around here. I miss the city streets,
  having to feel the vibrations of telephone poles, and tapping about... Independence
  is everything to me! Not to mention that my old clients miss me, and have been
  writing...And I can't ski here...really, Kevin and I are going home.&quot;Kyra
  had paused, feeling the tears under Simone's eyes as Simone had laid her head
  on Kyra's lap.  
But don't cry so much, Simone, honey...if you want to continue being my slave
  occasionally...&quot; Simone had nodded her head, begging &quot;yes, yes...I'll
  even pay you, Miss Kyra!&quot; Kyra had shook her head, smiling. &quot;You
  can come here for a month every year and get a full month of whippings, beatings...hours
  of me tormenting your clit lips with a pencil...on the one conclusion that
  you service Kevin.  
Kevin was a geeky guy even before he became a slaveboy...it was beyond his
  wildest dreams to get head from a girl as hot as you are. He serves me so well
  364 days a year, that one day he deserves to have a hot woman do him, and he
  chooses you, and you'll do it in return for coming to see me. Got it?&quot; Simone
  had assented, and in the twelve years plus since Ky had left, Simone would
  come to see her for one month of the year, October.  
This was the month of Kevin's birthday, and get the privilege of serving
  Miss Kyra for thirty glorious days, in return for sucking &ndash;ugh! Slave
  Kevin's cock on his birthday. Simone's slavery was a secret from everyone except
  Kyra, ...Simone didn't want anyone, especially her slave husband Stuart to
  know she submitted to another! Now, sitting and chatting, Simone tried to keep
  her voice level as she laughed at Kyra's sallies.She knew, Simone did, that
  this was not a regular October visit, that she was ostensibly bringing Sheila
  here to meet Kyra just so the girl could see different aspects of female domination.  
But there was another side, and Simone and Kyra both knew it...Simone was
  hoping for a little session or two...and possibly, since it wasn't Kevin's
  birthday, they could have a clandestine session without Sheila knowing it&ndash;Simone
  hoped that, and Kyra knew that this was what Simone hoped.Kevin had brought
  everyone a nice lunch and was standing by, idly rubbing his crotch, which must've
  hurt considerably from the various punishments that Kyra had inflicted.  
Simone, looking over at Kevin was just revolted by him. It was true that
  Kyra, born totally blind, had never seen anyone's looks, physically...But Simone
  had often wished Kyra could just once see her homely brother's face, with all
  the gorgeous men and women that Kyra had slept with.So to even socialize with
  this dork, even if he was her blood kin..how could they have been twins, even
  fraternal? During Kyra's time working at the Castle, when Kevin wasn't writing
  his novels or cleaning the room, he was almost always in a corner, crouching
  naked, during most of Simones' visits.  
Kyra had never ordered Kevin to leave during the sessions she'd put Simone
  through, but Kevin was not going to tell any secrets...still, Simone hated
  him.Why couldn't Simone stop focusing on Kyra sexually? This was supposed to
  be an educational weekend for Sheila, for God's sake. But here in the living
  room, Simone couldn't keep her eyes off Kyra's magnificent breasts, heavy in
  the light violet T-shirt. &quot;My breasts are so off limits to you, you worthless
  old whore.&quot;  
Kyra had said to Simone so many times, heartlessly. Simone was only a year
  or so older than Kyra, but Kyra treated her as if she was a dirty old man with
  fleas. &quot;Get back! Scumbag!&quot; Kyra would kick Simone in the stomach
  as she'd stare at Kyra's areolas with streaming eyes...but that was then!  
Now Simone was an equal, at least on this visit. She had to see Kyra as a
  peer dominatrix...but still, Simone couldn't stop looking at those proud mama's
  poking through the hot violet ends-above-the-belly deals, that showed the navel.  
Kyra was still doing her 100 sit ups a day, evidently. What a flat stomach.
  What beautiful full breasts! Simone breathed heavily, and felt a stream soaking
  her panties. Her memories of Kyra were legion! Kyra whipping Simone's bare
  ass while Ky herself was encased in a curve-hugging black dress with an incredibly
  sexy halter neckline..  
Kyra's breasts jiggling in a cream colored knit top as she pulled Simone
  across a floor through rings in Simone's nipples..Kyra in her black string
  bikini with the string-tie bottom, known as &quot;Camel toes&quot; by many
  lustful men...Simone had been naked that day at a NON-nude beach in Delaware,
  receiving a vicious swishing with a cut thorn branch! Oh, Simone was wet thinking
  of it, soaking wet.  
And the horrible, humiliating week she'd spent with Kyra and a dominant boyfriend
  of Kyra's, Max. Max, also blind, had suggested they blindfold Simone and Kevin
  and keep them on their knees, serving...all week. Simone had bumped into things
  repeatedly trying to bring Max and Kyra their meals, and of course was punished
  viciously &quot;We get around fine like this, what the hell's wrong with you,
  Toilet-Girl?&quot; Kyra had asked Simone that weekend mockingly.  
Simone had been called that because she'd nearly stumbled in the bathroom
  and doused her hair in the toilet. Then Max had held Simone's face underwater
  in a shit filled bowl, beautiful formerly dominant Simone, who had nearly three
  million dollars from having dommed so many rich men and women...but now just
  Toilet-girl...or Toilet-Pig. And Simone had loved it!  
Just watching Kyra leaning back and bantering with herself and Sheila made
  Simone very wet, remembering just nine months before when Kyra had sat on this
  same couch.  
This while Simone herself had been the naked, quivering slave, kneeling at
  her feet, nipples clamped with mousetraps as Kyra, fully dressed&ndash;what
  was she wearing back then? She'd been in a one-shoulder crop-top in a provocative
  bright yellow, and tiny shorts with stockings and heels, idly pushing one heel
  in Simone's clit, shaved bare for the occasion by Kevin.  
There had been other dommes also fully dressed sitting with Kyra laughing
  and discussing Simone as if she were some sort of dog. Oh, the delicious humiliation!  
Simone remembered when Kyra had first come to work at the Castle, a new recruit.
  It had been quite unusual for the Castle Director to bring in a disabled Mistress.
  They did have Anna Myers, who had one leg shorter than the other, but most
  of the time Anna wore boots, one with a higher heel, and no one could really
  tell.  
Still, Anna had always been a bit insecure about this defect, though she
  was incredibly pretty, and she'd married a client and left, a client who didn't
  mind the limp at all.&quot;Are you joking?&quot; Simone had asked M . Fulbright.
  Simone herself had just been promoted to a Ladyship, she was Lady Bissell now,
  and was quite egocentric about it. &quot;I found her in a Chicago cat-o-nine
  tails newspaper...she had her own house, Mistress Kyra did, and five girls
  working for her. She's quite good.&quot;  
&quot;Trust us&quot; said Lady Ipswich,the Director's girlfriend. &quot;Kyra's
  remarkable&quot; said Lady Esplinger, who looked so glamourous herself in a
  scoop top...today Esplinger was obese and living in Vermont.&quot;Kyra may
  be blind, buty she's been a professional domme for seven years..and she's only
  twenty-six!&quot; said Lady Parkinson, now ten years dead of leukemia. &quot;Oh,
  sure...the Director's has been impressed by a set of tits or something.&quot; Simone
  had said skeptically.  
But Kyra had been really something! The Director had asked Simone and some
  other seasoned Castle Mistresses to watch Kyra handling a sub from behind a
  two way mirror. &quot;This is impossible&quot; Simone had chuckled to herself.
  She knew the submissive being used, Owen, and she knew at the first lash of
  a whip, he would squeal in pain and then run and hide. Several Mistresses had
  been criticized for losing Owen, as he'd go anywhere to escape a lashing.  
Kyra had walked easily into the room where Owen knelt, naked. Her cane tapped
  the shag rug in front of her. &quot;I hear you breathing, Owen, honey&quot;Ky
  had said, as her sightless eyes gazed just above his balding head. &quot;Don't
  you want to say hello to your Mistress,? But Lady Ipswich warned me that you
  were a shy little thing.&quot;  
Simone had of course been completely blown away by Kyra. At that time, Kyra's
  hair had been cropped close to her head, but there was no doubt to her feminity.Kyra
  had full lips and a delicate nose and high cheekbones. She wasn't wearing a
  little leather or lingerie outfit, either, her breasts instead were poking
  the tip of a turquoise knit top, the cleavage prominent. Her long legs poured
  out of a twill mini skirt, and moved easily in high heels.  
As Kyra's tongue had moved across her lips, Simone had felt a twinge between
  her legs. What's this? I'm not gay, she thought. Sure, Simone had had her share
  of girl-girl experiences, especially in the tenements with other teenyboppers
  in her days as the shy Sadie Mulvaney who Simone had once been.  
Yes, but she'd always preferred dick, she thought, anyway. But this young
  girl had seemed to beckon her.Owen had bitten his lip. Simone and the others
  watched him shiver. &quot;He's always like that&quot; Lady Ipswich had whispered.  
&quot;You wonder why he comes to the Castle to be dominated at all...he's
  like a prisoner-of war or something...how will she find him.&quot; As Kyra
  strode in the room she called lightly,  
&quot;Owen? Where are you, dear?&quot; Owen was breathing very carefully
  through his nose now, kneeling naked on the rug, and hoping against hope that
  she would think he wasn't there.  
It had been a big room, and as Kyra moved towards Owen, he'd moved back,
  as silently as possible. Simone at the time was contemptuous of this very pretty,
  but quite inept girl...how was someone who couldn't see going to capture the
  elusive Owen?  
&quot;Owen, honey, I can't see you, but my nostrils are filled with information.&quot; Kyra
  had said lightly. &quot;You apparently don't bathe much, and of course your
  perspiration is quite evident...and then you try to mask the fact that you
  don't bathe by sloshing your face and shoulders with Aqua Velva...it's quite
  revolting, but I think I'll find you.&quot;  
Kyra moved about a foot from Owen, her cane swaying back and forth. Owen
  moved back a bit. &quot;I hear you moving around, Owen.&quot; Kyra giggled. &quot;And
  I smell a roast beefy horseradish odor in the air...don't you brush after lunch,
  babe?&quot; Kyra had walked another couple of steps.He had edged slightly over
  to the bed, still on his knees, in a sort of silent crab-walk.&quot;Ah, I hear
  your rustle, honey.&quot; Kyra had announced. She'd stepped forward tapping
  until her long white cane had hit Owen's wrist.  
Kyra had bent over slightly, and touched Owen's head, and then raised her
  cane and slashed it hard on Owen's right shoulder, and he'd screamed.Kyra had
  listened to the yelp carefully, and reached down in the direction of the voice,
  pulling Owen up by the scalp. After Owen stood up, Kyra had hauled off and
  slapped him hard across the face, and he'd begun crying. &quot;You will learn
  that when I say hello, you respond to me, a hello Miss Kyra would be nice now.&quot;  
Owen had sniffed. &quot;Hello (sob) Miss Kyra.&quot; Simone and the others
  had watched in wonder as Kyra had produced a pair of handcuffs from her purse.
  Kyra had expertly cuffed Owen's wrists behind his head, and then spent two
  hours alternately toying with Owen's cock and nipples, her expert fingers more
  than compensating for her useless eyes.And then slashing the same with her
  cane...whacking his knees and stomach, and laughing as he fell, and bending
  down to caress and slash again.  
At one point, Kyra had brought a fountain pen out, and written her name,
  holding the pen with her toes. Scribbled her name &quot;Love Kyra Swanson&quot; on
  Owen's chest in calligraphy!Kyra's fingers had moved across Owen's cock for
  a good half hour, pulling him to the point of complete orgasm..&quot;Oh, I
  think I feel your hips wiggling, let me pull away my hands!&quot;  
Kyra would laugh, and pull away, and Owen would sob in frustration. At the
  end of the session, Owen, who'd been avoiding Ky in the beginning, begged her
  not to go, she was the best he'd ever had, he said.Later, when Simone had become
  Kyra's submissive, she'd learned the true extent of the sightless top's abilities.  
The blind girl's fingers could wander across Simone's breasts, finding little
  veins that aroused Simone, that Simone had never heard about! Cruelly binding
  Simone to a hassock, Kyra would run her fingers through Simone's vulva, her
  clitoris, sometimes adding a doctor's tongue depresser where she'd find spots
  that no man, slave or normal had ever discovered in Simone's pussy.  
Kyra would expertly tie strands of licorice to Simone's clitoris, and then
  eat her way in, biting harshly just as her slave was about to cum.Or, she'd
  massage Simone's tender bresats and then BANG! Kyra'd tweak a nipple hard,
  or scratch the underside of Simone's tender breasts until the older woman was
  sobbing. And how Kyra would laugh!  
Did it matter that Simone was an exotic and intense Tease Therapist, feared
  and desired by most Island slaveboys, and more than a few submissive men in
  the States and in Europe? Absolutely not. When Simone was in Kyra's room, she
  was no better than an irrelevant kitten. Everyone on the Island thought Simone
  was mentoring Kyra with her frequent visits, and Kyra pushed this falsehood
  quite cheerily.  
But then she'd run sandpaper on the inside of Simone's mouth when she got
  sassy, and cruelly shove a straightened coat hanger up Simone's cunt as if
  to perform an impromptu abortion.Now, Kyra realized that she was doing most
  of the talking. It was natural that Sheila wouldn't have a lot to say.But Simone
  had always been the chatterbox, but she could hear Simone's haggard breathing,
  and as she casually ran her fingers across Simone's neck, she felt a few drops
  of perspiration.  
Oooh, my sometime slave-girl is horny, Kyra thought with a smile. Simone
  just wishes that she were here alone so I could strip her naked and give her
  a good whaling with my thick leather scourge, eh? The one that I made Kevin
  put spurs on the ends? Kyra remembered many a whipping...making Simone scream
  in pain as she landed the scourge again and again. Then feeling down to Simone's
  blistered cheeks running her fingers deliciously across the hot, scorched skin,
  and eventually taking Simone, weeping into her arms, and whispering &quot;But
  honey, isn't this what you like doing to all the guys?&quot;  
Now, Kyra dropped her hand to Simone's wrist, listening to her chatter on
  about Sheila's husband, Congressman Roger Malvern and his slavery...She pinched
  the inside of Simone's wrist, and Simone gasped, and turned away, and Kyra
  smiled inwardly, running her tongue inside her teeth. Kyra wondered what Sheila,
  the young girl was thinking. She must be able to see that Simone is looking
  a little weird.  
Kyra had no idea what faces looked like, but she'd learned from the sighted,
  that it was easy to take in a lot about a person from the so-called expression
  on their faces. Kyra had &quot;brailled&quot; Simone's face several times,
  and knew how different her friend's face could be.Kyra had felt Simone-with-a-smirk,
  and then also felt her friend's face during a session, and she knew, more than
  anyone how Simone &quot;looked&quot; when she was uneasy.  
For beneath that dominatrix scorn, there was a scared little tenement girl,
  little Sadie Mulvaney..Kyra had heard the whole story, and was merely amused
  by Simone's various facades, the tough domme, the haughty lady, it was too
  cute.Sheila watched Simone and Kyra with curiosity. Simone's face was weird,
  man.Sheila had never seen Simone as anything but self-assured and regal; and
  it almost looked as if Simone wanted Kyra to make out with her or something!  
Sheila remembered that Simone had gone into several reveries in the car,
  thinking of visiting Kyra. Kevin, who was ensuring a steady supply of beers
  in his twin sister's hand was excited and annoyed by Simone's presence. He
  loved the blowjobs that he got from this striking woman every year, and there
  was a chance that he might get a second one on this visit, though his birthday
  was 3 months away...But Kevin always hated Simone at the same time, for he
  knew that Kyra was quite fond of her, and there was much more interested focus
  on Simone than on a secondary male slave like Gareth.  
Or all the different guys who Ky had sessions with, the ones who brought
  her money.Earlier that morning, Kyra had spent several hours with Kevin, she'd
  tied him down, naked on the kitchen table--how humiliating! Who couldn't have
  seen through the window, but of course Kyra always said &quot;Seeing doesn't
  mean anything to me, Bubba.&quot;  
Kyra had rubbed her marvelous supersensitive fingers up and down Kev's thrusting
  organ, as he'd stared into her cleavage.&quot;Don't you look forward to Miss
  Simone coming, Kevin?&quot; Kyra had cooed, as her long nails had felt around
  his swollen scrotum.&quot;Sissy hasn't let you have a squirtie in weeks and
  weeks and weeks...maybe there's a treat for little Kay-bo.&quot; This had been
  her name for him when Kyra had been a toddler.  
Even then she'd been imperious, giving orders and waving her little fist.&quot;Kevvie,
  buy me candy! Kevvie, give me a piggyback!&quot; and Kevin had done whatever
  he could to make his sister happy, pulling her around in the wagon, ensuring
  she was included in all the games with the sighted children.  
Their parents had felt that Kevin was a little saint, to help his blind twin
  this way, but little Kevin had just worshipped Kyra. She was beautiful, and
  funny...and far more intelligent than Kevin himself was, though everyone had
  thought of him as being a &quot;gifted&quot; child.  
Kyra often played little games with Kevin---at seven, she'd inveigle him
  to come in her room at night. The lights were always out, as she didn't need
  them, and she'd forbid Kevin to turn them on...At seven, she'd begun playing
  little games with him, where she'd wrestle him in the dark.  
Although Kevin was much stronger, and even better coordinated than his sightless
  sister, when the lights were gone, she was Master. Or Mistress.After she'd
  win, pinning him down, it was time to play doctor.  
Once or twice, their father had found them, and heartlessly, she'd said &quot;Daddy,
  Kevin's doing this to me...I'm scared. He made me take my clothes off.&quot; Kevin's
  memories of his police detective father...and his father's wide leather belt
  were still quite clear, though Kyra had given Kevin many a whipping far more
  vicious since then. Make the old man seem like a piker.And she wouldn't even
  apologize for lying...she'd just talk Kevin into coming in again to wrestle...and
  how could he have resisted his adorable sister?  
He' d cried bitterly when she'd gone off to the Perkins School for the Blind,
  and awaited vacations with angst.One vacation, Kyra had brought three other
  cute little blind girls home, was it seventh grade?  
And they'd ambushed Kevin in the garage, and taken off his clothes and tied
  him to the floor, and whipped him with one of Daddy's discarded fan belts.  
Then they'd all explored his body with their fingers, feeling all over. Candis,
  the only one of them with a bit of residual vision, had informed Kyra that
  Kevin was not too cute. &quot;He's ugly from what I can see, Kyra...and you're
  so pretty.Are you sure you're twins?&quot; Kyra, her hand toying with Kevin's
  balls had smiled. "So that's why the folks always talk about your great intelligence,
  Bubba...they say I'm pretty and you're smart!&quot;  
But she'd been sweet after that, kissing Kevin's neck and face and telling
  him what a nice guy he was.&quot;You're my bubba, and that's all that counts!&quot; And
  that one time, Kyra had sucked Kevin off, quite enthusiastically! By the time
  the twins were sixteen, the dynamic had completed.  
Their father dead, and Mom at work all the time, Kyra had transferred from
  Perkins to Kevin's high school, where he'd taken all the notes for her, and
  she'd done most of the work.She'd quiz Kevin just before tests, drilling him,
  and then giving him harsh whippings if he made more than two mistakes...and
  she'd encouraged him in his creative writing efforts.  
&quot;If you want to write those stories all day, I demand you do a damn
  good job, and read 'em to me!&quot;Kevin had been too shy to send off his first
  Mike Fish novel, but Kyra had force-fed him a dildo until he'd obeyed her...  
At this point she was at Wellesely, and he was at a nearby community college,
  and they were sharing a small apartment. Kyra had already begun her dominant
  interests in other men...By the time Kyra had graduated from Wellesely, she
  was a full time dominatrix, and Kevin had published two books!  
Not that the fame got him laid, as he was his sister's slaveboy...what a
  time it had been! &quot;Kevin, stop daydreaming and bring us more beer!&quot;&quot;Yes
  Miss Kyra&quot; and Kevin shuffled off to the kitchen, as he didn't want to
  annoy Kyra, Simone or Sheila now.  
Kyra wondered what Sheila looked like. Kyra could generally get a feel for
  a person, just by standing close, she'd feel her space especially invaded if
  the person was fat.And of course if Kyra gave the person an embrace, she'd
  know almost everything. But Kyra hadn't even really shaken hands with this
  girl yet, and she wanted to know if Sheila had a good figure.  
If Ky could give this girl a hug or something, which she couldn't yet, as
  they didn't know each other and Sheila was across the room&hellip;then Kyra
  could find out if Sheila had some muscle tone, what her figure was like&hellip;Fucking
  Simone had told Kyra NOTHING about this girl at all. She could be a fat, ugly
  geek. God knows submissive men are desperate to get anyone to dominate them.  
But Sheila sounded kind of pretty&hellip;let's see!  
It was not for nothing that Kyra had taken a masseur's course while in her
  juinor year at the Perkins School.This had been another &quot;safe&quot; profession
  for a blind girl, but Kyra had preferred it to geometry, which was the only
  other class offered in her schedule. As it had turned out, Kyra had found a
  much more lucrative profession in just being her bitchy self, but the old lessons
  were still there, and she knew quite a bit about the human body. &quot;Sheila,
  come over here, would you?&quot; Kyra called out. &quot;If you don't mind,
  I'd like to get to know you a little better.&quot;  
Then, in a somewhat gruff voice &quot;Get off the couch, Simone, sit on the
  floor or something.&quot;With satisfaction, Kyra had listened to Sheila's gasp
  as Simone had sighed with resignation, the mighty, dominant Simone, and obeyed.Then,
  Kyra felt another body hesitantly plopping down beside her. Kyra felt Simone's
  body crouched down on the floor, and could hear Simone cursing under her breath.  
She knew that Simone had been terrified that Sheila would discover her submission
  to Ky, and certainly Simone could've told Kyra to go to hell.She wasn't going
  to sit on the floor, and Kyra would've backed off&hellip;But Simone couldn't
  disobey Kyra to save her life, for nearly eighteen years, whenever they'd met,
  the famous Domme Simone was Kyra's humble slave-girl.  
Simone was steaming mad, but probably also a little bit wet, hee hee! Let's
  take this just a little bit further, Kyra thought. Who said the blind are powerless? "Simone,
  while you're down there, why don't you rub my left foot, and you can wash it
  too&hellip;Gareth, you tub of lard get out of the corner, and go get a little
  basin and some skin soap and you can wash my right foot, while Sadie washes
  my left!"  
There, and Kyra had completely humiliated Simone&hellip;she called her by
  the old shame name, and demoted Simone to washing feet next to a clearly open
  slave.But Kyra felt Simone humbly removing her left pump, and she began massaging.Whether
  or not Simone was beside herself with anger, she was behaving, or obeying&mdash;and
  Gareth was sitting down, and Kyra felt her other foot begin to get special
  attention.  
&quot;Yes this is great, my feet feel great having servants wash them!&quot; Was
  Simone gritting her teeth? Who cared? yra was excited by all this submission,
  but even more aroused to meet this remarkable young woman, Sheila!And Kyra
  would get to know her as well as she could...she'd &quot;see&quot; everything.  
As a ten year old, Kyra was pitcher for the stickball team, just by requiring
  the batter to whistle..And Kyra's remaining senses did the trick...and still
  did! Kyra smiled in Sheila's direction and leaned forward.  
Sheila was so weirded out by Simone getting on the floor. This was totally
  unlike the Simone that Sheila had been getting to know, the Simone who controlled
  Sheila's husband, Roger Malvern.  
Where was the Simone who'd been taking Sheila across the country, teaching
  her about being a good dominant?And now Simone's eyes were lowered and she
  was crouched on her knees, washing one of Kyra's feet, while the fat guy washed
  the other one.  
But Sheila was quite drawn to Kyra, who was incredibly pretty...but why had
  Kyra asked her to come sit down? This was weird! Kyra seemed to be staring
  at her, though this was impossible. Kyra's four remaining senses had served
  her well in all this sightless life, and she'd learn a lot now! "Great to meet
  you!"Kyra had said, and suddenly kissed Sheila on the lips. She worried that
  the girl might be startled, but Sheila didn't back away, though of course Simone
  must be steaming. "Sorry, I'm a little friendly, Sheila." The little voice
  responded, "It's okay, you're really attractive."  
The voice had a meld of New England flattened a's and a little bit of the
  South. Perhaps she was a military brat. From the kiss, Kyra had ascertained
  Peppermint Scope, Bubble Yum and the remains of what Ky was sure was a triple
  meatball sandwich from Maury's deli about three miles from home.That cheap
  bitch Simone couldn't even feed this exsquisite creature well!  
Kyra's nose detected a hint of Estee Lauder's Intuition perfume, and Maybelline
  something or other. And Secret underarm scent. Estee is great stuff! Good,
  the girl had class.She must be blonde, blondes always use Halsa shampoo, which
  Kyra's heightened sense of smell also perceived. The hair was blonde, no doubt,
  and unfortunately processed&hellip;  
Kyra leaned forward a bit and let her wrist brush Sheila's front. She seemed
  to be a thin girl...she must be quite insecure, Kyra thought, as Kyra's wrist
  felt the underwire triangle bra and the molded foam cups of the Venus Enhancer
  Bra, those famous push-up pads. And of course it was a shelf bra "Oh, excuse
  me."Kyra smiled. "I didn't mean to collide my elbow with you. Yes sir, some
  nice 36C boobs,from what Kyra was able to feel.  
But Sheila was wearing all this underwire padding bullshit to look bigger...because
  she was sweet, and insecure. Kyra smiled to herself as she wondered if Simone
  or anyone else was aware of it...People who relied on their eyes were indeed
  handicapped! They'd assume just by looking that little Sheila had cantaloupes
  under her shirt.  
Kyra heard the scrape of denim against the couch. Tight jeans, Kyra wagered.  
As Gareth washed Miss Kyra's left foot, he sneaked looks at the enraged but
  quite expensively dressed beauty kneeling next to him, who was now filing the
  toenails on Miss Kyra's other foot. This woman Simone was obviously quite in
  love with Miss Kyra, and seemed somewhat submissive, though Gareth could've
  sworn she had dominant overtones.  
This was a new development, Gareth told himself. It was interesting that
  Miss Kyra had clearly fallen for the young girl, Sheila, who was now sitting
  next to her on the couch. Sheila was cute, there was no doubt about it, Gareth
  wondered though, whether Miss Kyra was gay, or bisexual or a heterosexual experimenter.Miss
  Kyra had once told Gareth over dinner that she, having never seen another human
  being, was very interested in &quot;touching others&quot; And clearly she enjoyed
  having sex with others. Kevin had told Gareth once that Miss Kyra had made
  love to a pony as a girl, but this couldn't possibly be true.Miss Kyra and
  her brother had lived in Gareth's house for several months now, and life had
  changed considerably for Gareth. For one thing, not only was he subbing to
  Miss Kyra, but her brother Kevin, was Gareth's Master as well, though Kevin
  himself was his blind sister's slave, as well.  
When Gareth had been young, he'd come home sobbing from a schoolyard unpleasantness,
  and Gareth Sr. had said &quot;Garry, take some comfort that all bullies are
  bullied by someone else. Chester probably is beaten up by his daddy or something,
  and he's taking it out on you!&quot; And clearly, Kevin was severely dommed
  by his sister, and took it out on Gareth something terrible. Yes, the old man
  was right.At dawn this morning, Kevin had awoken Gareth in the cage where he
  lived down in the wine cellar. Gareth had long since relinquished the master
  bedroom to Kyra, and the next best room to Kevin...He'd assumed he'd be living
  in a maid's room at least, but he'd assumed wrong.Still, the cage wasn't so
  bad, once you got used to it. In a way the cramped space was good for Gareth's
  back.This, back which was beginning to act up now that Gareth was in his late
  forties.Still, it had been quite unpleasant being awakened this morning. Kevin
  had thrown ice cold water on Gareth, who had been dozing naked in his cage,
  and then Kevin had rousted Gareth out of bed, and made Gareth run around his
  property naked.God the memory! Kevin chasing Gareth with a South African police
  riot baton, made of a cruel rubber.  
Gareth had started back into the house with red, raw bruises all over his
  poor body, and then Kevin had ordered Gareth to iron Kyra's miniskirts, all
  39 of them. Kevin had found a few wrinkles in Gareth's work, and he'd thrown
  Gareth across his knee for fifty blistering ones with a big thick wooden paddle.Gareth
  had then had to kiss Kevin's hairy inner thighs and whisper &quot;How I love
  you, Master&quot; over and over again for half an hour. He'd sucked Kevin's
  cock for a bit too, though Kevin was not allowed to cum, but stayed on the
  honor system, not using a chastity tube.Gareth had then given Kevin an expert
  muscle rub all over his body. He'd lent Kevin the keys to his Masterati as
  well, so Kevin could go out later on to wherever writers go for inspiration.Whilst
  Kevin was at the local coffeehouse discussing Proust or whatever, Gareth spent
  the hours between nine and twelve on housework.  
Washing windows, cleaning the attic, scrubbing the living and dining room
  walls, and typing Chapter Four of Master Kevin's latest manuscript entitled &quot;Mike
  Fish's Fourth Amendment&quot;, which Gareth privately didn't think much of,
  though the books seemed to sell!Then Gareth had clipped the edge of the lawn
  and waxed the kitchen floor. Louder chores like mowing the lawn and vacuuming
  the rug would have to wait til Miss Kyra was up and out of the house as it
  would disturb her too sensitive hearing.Finally at one, Kevin had returned
  home, and they'd gone to awaken Miss Kyra by bringing her and her latest lover
  Belgian waffles, nova lox and eggs Benedict in bed. Under Kevin's direction,
  Gareth had blown the lover, swallowing a few loads of seed. Gareth had then
  taken the fellow, a local drunk from Bailey's Tavern down the road home, and
  dropped him off. The guy had spat at Gareth as he'd pulled the Maserati out,
  but what could he do?  
When Gareth returned, he'd been ordered to lick the drunk's semen from Miss
  Kyra's glorious vagina, and bringing her to more orgasms, while Kevin had enjoyed
  the privilege of sucking his sister's beautiful creamy white 44DD breasts.This
  was a privilege that Gareth might earn later on, he was told...for more of
  a financial commitment. Gareth certainly dreamed of kissing those beautiful
  orbs, tipped by the most glorious pale pink nipples!Until then, he would have
  to be satisfied drooling over his Mistress' chest, heaving usually in tight
  striped tube tops, teeny sleeveless tank shirts and little purple bikinis.
  Sometimes Kyra would borrow one of Gareth's shirts and tie it just above her
  navel, and wasn't that exsquisite!Kevin had looked over Gareth's work on his
  sister's pussy, and given Gareth another whipping as he'd seen a slight dribble
  of semen remaining.But then Gareth had been allowed to bathe and rub Miss Kyra
  down, and to trim her wonderful pubic hair.Another whipping had followed, this
  time from Kyra herself, as he'd left some ragged edges along the way. Kyra
  was actually much stronger at the corporal process than her brother, and had
  nearly broken a bamboo cane across Gareth's poor bottom.  
However, she'd heard Kev giggle as it was going on, and he'd had to bend
  over for a whipping also, as Kyra couldn't abide gloating and jealousy amongst
  the slaves. Though of course constantly she was inciting it!Then Miss Kyra
  had tied Gareth down and unlocked the horrible chastity tube and stroked and
  teased Gareth's cock for more than an hour.Oh, and this was what made Gareth's
  life go round! Gareth had not cum in 49 days. Ky's long nails and ultra-soft
  fingers had examined every vein, every wrinkle and crevice in Gareth's pulsating,
  bursting penis.And how she'd laughed, listening to his gasps and smelling the
  scent of his sweat in the air..she'd gone as slowly as she'd liked.It had been
  incredible for Gareth, he'd stared at her in her lingerie demibra, her tiny
  panties, as he'd strained against the ropes.And the red nails had done their
  good work on his suffering cock and balls. He'd thought of all the times in
  the lonely hotel rooms, as he'd rubbed and stroked his chastity tube.He'd stared
  at pictures of Miss Kyra and rubbed the tube, which of course just meant that
  his cock had strained against it.Gareth had cried in misery as his penis had
  become more engorged and trapped in the cruel metal.  
One night he'd had a hooker come up, and he had sucked her breasts, pretending
  they were Miss Kyra's and the whore had laughed at Gareth as he'd continually
  grabbed the metal prison his cock was in. &quot;What kinda fuckin' loser lets
  someone put that on his john, huh?&quot; she'd asked.Gareth had gasped and
  begged Miss Kyra earlier this afternoon as she'd been teasing him slowly, using
  just a bit of lubricant, and she'd just laughed. &quot;You poor thing, I know
  it's not easy being celibate, my Chastity Boy...Stop squirming so much! I know
  I promised you an orgasm...two weeks ago I told you that you could have one
  today, perhaps.&quot; Kyra had punctuated this comment with a quick finger
  in Gareth's anus that made him hop. &quot;But Kevin tells me you can't iron
  my miniskirts properly, and I think you need to focus on your duties more before
  you begin getting rewards.&quot;Kyra had smiled, listening to Gareth's sobs
  as she'd locked him up again. &quot;We'll try again in two weeks, maybe Mummie
  will let you cum then, don't cry sweetheart.&quot;But Gareth had not been able
  to stop sobbing. It had been nearly two fucking months since he'd last been
  allowed to cum on Master Kevin's boots and lick it up. Oh, the need...it had
  been so long, and his cock was so full of backed up sperm!  
He'd tried so hard to please Miss Kyra, he'd bought her gifts, licked every
  inch of her body whenever she liked...oh, and would take her to Paris whenever
  she liked, allowing her brother to treat him like a gay slave-pig...and he
  still couldn't cum! And how many times had he made her cum, eh ?As Gareth continued
  to wash his Mistress's foot, he thought about how many times he'd gotten her
  off.Oh, how many of her lovers Gareth had sucked off for her...and she'd lived
  here in the house for nearly eight months, and he'd had three orgasms.Three!
  Gareth had always been a man of the world, bedding lots of young women here
  and there.He recalled dating one &quot;seriously&quot; while having flings
  with a couple of others, and his Visa bill was always stacked with bills from
  prostitutes from around the world.  
Even as a boy, Gareth had pounded his pud four or five times a day while
  looking at Gareth, Sr's collection of Playboy, Penthouse and Oui, those great
  mags of the seventies.And now everything had changed! Gareth went through life
  staring with constant longing at Miss Kyra, his cock bound up in the cruel
  tube. Kyra did her best to tease him to distraction a few times a week, laughing
  carelessly as he begged and pleaded for relief.  
Kyra had a way of stroking Gareth's cock to great frustration, and at one
  point in her youth she'd been billed as &quot;The Sightless Stripper&quot; at
  a joint in Tennesee.And so she greatly enjoyed lap-dancing poor Gareth, pouring
  her bosom out of a tiny top and rubbing Gareth's nose in the curves of her
  full breasts.Gareth was in heaven/hell as his engorged cock helplessly rubbed
  against the smooth thighs.Then she'd return to playing with his johnson, pulling
  it back and forth as if it were some sort of magic joystick that she'd found...and
  oh, how Kyra enjoyed a joke like that!&quot;Oh, how I'd love to see the expressions
  you have on your face when I tease you, honey&quot; Ky would say.  
She'd be pursing her full lips as she'd run a long nail across the underside
  of Gareth's straining organ, her sightless eyes wandering just above his head.&quot;Kevin
  says you do stuff to your face so it puffs out, kind of like Steve Forbes when
  he was running for election, though I've never seen him either&quot; Kyra would
  then lean over and tickle Gareth a bit, as he screamed and cried, letting him
  bounce about...it just added to her mirth!It was a familiar game of Kyra's
  to toy with Gareth's cock--she dressed in perhaps bikini underwear, the bound
  naked man prostrate in front of her...She'd play with his cock for several
  hours, then lock the tube back on, and have Gareth take her out to dinner and
  a movie, perhaps a trip to a jewelry store...And then they'd come back and
  she'd tie him down once again strip to her powder blue demibra and panties
  again, and run the long nails across his frustrated cock long into the night.  
When Kyra's ultra tactile fingers felt a sense that Gareth might be close
  to orgasm, she'd roll him over and go at it with the belt, until Gareth's buttocks
  were feeling scorched...Or sometimes she'd alternate strokes with her nails
  with pounding on his cock and balls with her high heels!On the three occasions
  that Gareth had been allowed to jerk himself to orgasm, it had been in the
  most humiliating situation possible, with Kevin whacking Gareth's ass with
  a big paddle.This as Gareth, gritting his teeth against the hurt of the thick
  paddle's slams on his red butt, would pull and jerk his frustrated cock....Oh
  resist the distraction of the painful whacks! And finally he would spurt, miserably,
  and Kyra would order him to lick it up...ugh!Two of the three times Gareth
  had been allowed to orgasm, Kyra had exacted a terrible prifce from him. the
  first time Kyra insisted that Gareth's parents and his brother come to tea.  
Kyra made Gareth serve tea in a pink pajama outfit with footies and a drop-drawer
  in the back, and of course he had to suck a pacifier. Kyra explained to the
  parents that Gareth had been to overpoweringly stressed out, and this was therapy
  for him.The family probably would have removed Gareth as president of the family
  business at this point.But they were aware that if it hadn't been that since
  Gareth had been involved with Kyra (They were engaged supposedly) the family
  firm's profits had skyrocketed. Gareth, a previous cokehead beach-bum type
  had been referred to as a &quot;genius&quot; in Business Week magazine.But
  still they were concerned, Gareth Sr, a Korean War vet looking disgustedly
  at his blushing son while Junior had cowered on his knees at Miss Kyra's feet.Mom
  had said &quot;Dear, perhaps there's some therapy you'd like to go through
  instead of this baby thing, though?&quot;  
And Sonny, Gareth's younger brother had snorted. &quot;We always knew h e
  was a wuss, Ma. Though I do appreciate Gareth Jr's taste in women!&quot; With
  that Sonny had given a lascivious wink to Kyra, who of course couldn't see
  it.At the end of the visit, Gareth had had to jerk off in the bathroom less
  than 2 feet from where his parents were sitting in the parlor.Mom and Dad hearing
  Gareth moaning and panting as he jerked, and also monstrous whacks as Kevin
  whipped Gareth's ass as he was bent over the tub with his drop-drawers pulled
  down.  
They'd wondered what Gareth and Kevin were doing in the bathroom, and had
  heard screams and whacks.And then seen Gareth, leaving the bathroom tear-streaked
  and mumbling to say goodbye, still in the pink jammies.A few months later,
  when Gareth was dying to cum again, he'd been taken on a camping trip with
  Kyra, Kevin, and four macho Bear masters. Gareth had been kept busy gathering
  firewood, making the fire, cooking and putting up tents, as well as waiting
  on everyone, enduring lots of harsh discipline for being too slow.  
The first night that Gareth had fallen asleep, Kyra, who was not called Lady
  Fingers for nothing, had delicately removed a hornet's nest with the hornets
  still sleeping from a tree, being guided by an anxious Kevin.She'd felt her
  way over to Gareth's tent and gone in and tied the nest to Gareth's balls,
  and then stepped out of the tent, and zipped it up.Kevin had thrown a rock
  at the tent, so the hornets and Gareth both woke up, and neither could leave...the
  consequences had been too unfortunate to write about here!  
If that wasn't enough, Kyra's female slave Miranda had shown up the next
  day, and had her cut offs taken down, and she'd been thrashed.This was fun
  for Gareth to watch, but then her beautiful breasts were thrashed by Kyra,
  who wielded stinging nettles found in the woods.Miranda, screaming with pain
  had roared &quot;Why don't you whip Gareth's balls then?&quot;And Kyra and
  the four masters had taken turns thrashing Gareth's already hornet stung balls
  with the stinging nettles until he wept with acute grief.  
Finally the five masters, including Kevin had skull-fucked and then sodomized
  Gareth by the edge of the Lake, while Miranda had described the scene to Kyra.
  Then Gareth had been forced to squat over the campfire, his pubic hair singed,
  and had jerked off while Kevin whacked his ass...Gareth had had to use kerosene
  oil to lube it, and was terrified the whole time that his dick would be set
  on fire! But the orgasm had been phenomenal!  
Earlier this week, Kyra had taken Gareth's tube off and made him jerk himself
  while she held her finger on a nerve under his knee...And when the nerve quivered
  in a certain way, Ky would shout. &quot;Ah, you're close!&quot;And she'd take
  a fly swatter and whack Gareth's hand off his cock! Sightless, she'd done this
  for three hours, letting him jerk himself to near rapture.Oh, how he stared
  at her boobs and long gorgeous hair, the full, glossed lips...and over and
  over again.And just as Gareth was about to cum, she'd whack him, right on the
  hand, except the one time she'd accidentally hit him on the nose and made it
  bleed...too bad!But this was part of Miss Kyra's price, along with all expenses
  paid and thirty grand a month deposited into her account. Gareth could well
  afford it, and his life was much richer for what had been going on.  
He was often on business trips, and could enjoy most of his lifestyle out,
  though of course his cock was in a chastity tube while traveling.And so with
  these thoughts, Gareth cheered up a bit, and kept washing.  
SEVERAL HOURS LATER  
Simone licked the underside of Kevin's cock one last time, and nibbled reluctantly
  on the frenum.Now Kevin, homely, stupid Kevin, gasped and ejaculated, spurting
  hot semen down her tender throat, and Simone tried hard not to gag.She looked
  up at him, and he was grinning.  
Of course Kevin knew the situation Simone was in, if she showed any revulsion
  at all, and he reported it to Kyra, all hell would break loose. It was actually
  easier in a way to fellate Kevin now, as Simone was barely concentrating on
  it.Five hours ago, Kyra had dismissed Gareth to the basement, and taken Sheila
  by the hand and they'd gone into her bedroom, leaving Simone to alternately
  steam and wince.&quot;Now wipe up. Mistress Kyra has ordered that you strip
  and bring her and Miss Sheila some tea and biscuits.&quot; Kevin said languidly,
  as he tucked his penis back into his jeans. What?  
&quot;Kevin, I'm not a slave to Kyra on this visit...I obeyed her when she
  asked me to blow you, but I can't appear as a slave to Sheila--&quot;WHACK!
  Kevin's hand slammed heavily across Simone's mouth, and she dropped her head.  
&quot;Shut your trap you filthy little whore. If you didn't want Miss Sheila
  to know of your lowly status, you shouldn't have brought her here, should you,
  slut-bag? For seventeen years you've been Ky's toilet-pig, slave-scum whenever
  you were in her presence, that's not changed.&quot; Kevin kicked Simone in
  the left breast and then again in the stomach. &quot;You can either obey my
  sister or you can get the fuck out tonight--without Miss Sheila!&quot;  
With that, Kevin slapped Simone again, and stalked out of the room.Simone
  was aghast, but she was also wet at the idea she'd be humiliating herself in
  front of Sheila, who only knew Simone as a dominant bitch, satisfied, bored
  and evil...what would it be like now?Simone arose, though, and ran after Kevin,
  grabbing him by the arm. He dragged her back into the bedroom. &quot;I just
  can't, Master Kevin I&ndash;&quot; Kevin slapped Simone hard across the jaw.&quot;I
  don't want to hear any more bullshit from you, Simone, otherwise there will
  be some dire consequences.&quot; Simone looked up at Kevin with blurred eyes.  
&quot;Please, Kevin, it just can't happen. I can't leave without Sheila,
  she's in my care, and you can't punish me for this.&quot; Kevin gritted his
  teeth and grabbed Simone by the shoulder, bitch slapping her SLAP SLAP SLAP.As
  he slapped, Simone's head went back and forth, and blood came out of her lip...Kevin
  slapped again and again.&quot;Are you ready for heavy consequences, dirtbag?&quot;Simone
  had violated Kevin's rules before, and he'd done some nasty shit to her, under
  Kyra's command.  
Once he'd taken a cigar and had burned marks all over her beautiful young
  body; another time she'd been forced to service a Palomino stud on Kyra's former
  farm, owned by a slave Godfrey.&quot;I'm giving you one more chance to shut
  your trap and do as you're told, or you're going to serve Simone and Sheila,
  and also suffer a serious consequence!&quot; Kevin shouted. But Simone was
  now trying to stand up and shout back at him, and Kevin had had enough. He
  turned and pulled a thick leather belt off the dresser, and reached over, unsnapping
  Simone's jeans.Ripping them down, he threw her on the bed and slammed the strap
  home again and again, causing serious welts on her rounded bottom.  
Kevin ordered Simone to strip and she did, and he landed the belt a few more
  times across her full breasts as she sobbed and cried, idly stroking her quim
  as she pulled and rolled on the bed as the belt fell again and again. Kevin
  then picked up a cane and whacked her all over her body as she rolled about,
  and then threw it to the floor.&quot;Now comes the consequeneces!&quot; Then
  Kevin grabbed a pair of shears from the dresser and pulled up a huge hank of
  Simone's beautiful, thick raven hair and brought in the scissors for the kill.  
Meanwhile, in the bedroom, Sheila was lying naked on the bed, exhausted.
  She was covered with sweat, and her vagina was exhausted with all that had
  gone on down there...Kyra,the blind woman had been licking Sheila for what
  appeared to have been years.  
Kyra had somehow inveigled Sheila into the bedroom, and stripped off her
  clothes.  
Kyra had then tossed Sheila on the bed, and stripped herself, revealing a
  magnificent body. Sheila had actually had a lesbian relationship in her very
  early twenties, that had been quelled by her homophobic parents.Sheila had
  been convinced that she would go straight to hell if she continued, and as
  she was also attracted to men, it had been easy to quash these thoughts.Now
  my God, this sexy blind girl with the hot body and the sightless eyes had licked
  and sucked Sheila from her neck down her breasts into her vagina, and then
  kissed and licked Sheila's legs...  
At one point Kyra discovered stubble, and Sheila apologized. &quot;I've not
  had time to shave them with this long road trip Simone and I have been on&quot; But
  Kyra had laughed.Ky had escorted Sheila into the bathroom and into a huge kidney
  shaped hot-tub, where Ky had shaved Sheila's legs and under her arms, and had
  trimmed her pubic hair into the shape of a heart!  
All this while appearing to stare at Sheila and converse with her. Sheila
  kept almost saying &quot;Shouldn't you be looking where you've got that razor?&quot; but
  of course Kyra couldn't see the razor anyway...and she did such a great job!Kyra
  had then given Sheila a wonderful, fulfilling bath, rubbing her completely
  tenderly while telling her something sexy in French, Sheila thought. Then Ky
  had taken Sheila back to the bed, and re-bathed Sheila's entire body with her
  wonderful, loving tongue.  
Sheila had had about thirty orgasms in twenty minutes! Well maybe not that
  many. But there were quite a few! Then Sheila had insisted on going down on
  Kyra a bit, and had learned she'd not lost her &quot;touch&quot; as Kyra had
  screamed in a few orgasms herself. Then the two women had necked for a bit,
  and then Ky had gone back down and licked away between Sheila's quivering legs.
  Yes!There was a light knock at the door, and a strange figure came into the
  room. Sheila could just see by the illumination of the rice lamp. A bald head,
  hovered over a tea tray on a stand that the person was carrying.  
Kyra cocked her head and listened. &quot;Who's there?&quot; Sheila almost
  fell off the bed when the person answered &quot;It's me, Mistress Kyra. your
  slave, Simone.&quot; As Simone put the tea tray down and then knelt beside
  it, Sheila gaped at her.All of Simones' beautiful long, thick, raven hair was
  gone. Her pride and joy, that hair, the hair that Simone brushed nightly, when
  she didn't have a slave to do it...  
And if Sheila wasn't mistaken, Simone's eyebrows were gone, and she was naked,
  except for a pair of panties.Sheila looked closer, and Simones' body was obviously
  covered in long, red welts, slashed across her beautiful breasts, her arms,
  her shoulders and her stomach, and legs. And Simone, who always looked you
  in the eye and smirked, was now staring at the floor humbly.Kyra pulled herself
  up on her elbow, and reached over and felt Sheila's pulse...the little nerve
  in Sheila's wrist was going a mile a minute.  
&quot;What's wrong, Sheila?&quot; Ky asked curiously. &quot;Are you freaked
  because Simone is serving dinner?&quot; &quot;Simone...Simone...&quot; Sheila
  babbled.&quot;If I may speak, Miss Kyra?&quot; Simone asked. &quot;Sure, Sadie
  Mulvaney, what's the story, you pig?&quot; Kyra asked. &quot;Master Kevin punished
  me for insolence by shaving my head and whipping my body, and sending me in
  here naked with your dinner, ma;am.  
and Miss Sheila is unaccustomed to seeing my worthless self like this, ma'am.&quot;  
All of a sudden, Sheila felt like she needed a drink....like straight vodka
  fast.  
Want More? Justincbenedict@yahoo.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





