BDSM Library - Memories Of A Sexual Sadist




Memories Of A Sexual Sadist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A serial sex offender serving a lengthy prison term looks back on some of his more memorable crimes. MEMORIES OF A SEXUAL SADIST by Long Tall Mary  
My name is Jason, currently 41 years old, and serving a 20 year prison sentence
  in Massachusetts for committing six rapes and abductions, well I think it was
  six, I was charged with more rapes than that but some of them got dismissed
  as a result of plea bargaining.  
At any rate I won't get out until I have served at least 14 years and I've
  only served 3, that is if I don't loose my good time. I've been classified
  by the parole board as a sexual sadist and incorrigible, at my last hearing
  I told one of the female board members she'd look good hogtied and hooded as
  I rubbed my crotch vigorously . That quickly terminated the interview and got
  me 3 days in solitary as well as parole rejection for at least 2 more years.
  Maybe in 2 years my attitude will improve but its not likely and I'm resigned
  to doing the full term.  
One advantage of being classified as a sexual sadist is that you get sent
  to a prison hospital just for sex offenders. The therapy is a joke but living
  conditions are more comfortable than at the maximum security prison so I play
  along with it. Another advantage is that as part of the therapy program you
  are allowed to view pornographic materials usually females in restraint. Some
  type of gauge is attached to your dick which measures the electrical activity.
  If it shows that you're aroused while viewing the pictures you've failed the
  therapy and you are brought back regularly for more sessions. Needless to say
  I always fail my sessions.  
Enough about my prison life. I'd like to relate some of my more memorable
  sex crimes. My specialty was preying on women 30 and over. These were mainly
  business management types or affluent high society bitches. I would abduct
  them, take them to a special dungeon in my basement and subject them to an
  ordeal of 1 to 3 days of torture and sexual abuse. They would then be released.
  I'm not a killer and the thought of wasting any of the bitches never seriously
  entered my mind.  
Most of my crimes were well planned in advance. I'm quite skilled at disarming
  alarm systems and covert entry techniques. One technique I employed was making
  a wax mold of a victim's door lock and then having a key made to fit it. One
  crime stands out in my mind, it was a crime of opportunity meaning that it
  wasn't planned, I just lucked out.  
It was a dark, rainy fall night in a semi-rural Boston region town and I
  was cruising in my E250 cargo van with no particular destination in mind. Just
  outside the town limits I saw a woman standing on the shoulder hitching. She
  was about 40 years old and somewhat of a plumper wearing a black dress and
  a white fur coat. I intuitively knew it was somebody who had a fight with their
  hub or boyfriend and that person would soon be driving by trying to make up
  with the bitch. Therefore I had to move quickly. The bitch readily accepted
  my offer of a ride saying she had a fight with her boyfriend at a wedding reception
  and was headed for the next town about 5 miles away.  
I always carry a stun gun and this time it had to be applied quickly. After
  driving less than a mile I pulled into a small cutoff and explained one of
  my headlamps was out and that by getting out and tapping it that it would come
  back on. Actually I had just noticed the light was out and I wasn't about to
  risk being stopped by a cop for a headlight violation with an abducted female
  in my van. I always carry an extra bulb just in case but as expected the light
  came back on after tapping and I hopped back into the van.  
Without warning I zapped her with the stun gun in the neck and she slumped
  instantly into semi consciousness. She appeared quite inebriated which is not
  what I prefer. I like them sober as it makes them more terrified and it seems
  that the stun gun is more effective when they are sober. My cargo van has no
  side or rear windows. In addition to the rear and side door to the cargo compartment
  there is a windowless door between the drivers and cargo compartment which
  in this case allowed me to move my captive to the cargo portion without taking
  her out of the vehicle.  
Moving quickly I dragged her into the rear and took out a set of metal handcuffs.
  I have numerous hooks mounted in the cargo hold and after cuffing her hands
  behind her I placed her facing the opposite wall in a kneeling position and
  attached the cuffs to a metal hook on the wall above her forcing her into a
  very uncomfortable position.  
I like my ladies gagged with my favorite being to stuff their panties into
  their mouths. However this isn't a good idea when someone is unconscious so
  my other favorite is a metal retainer gag. Inserted into the mouth it forces
  the mouth wide open and prevents the wearer from pressing their teeth together.
  Its designed more for involuntary oral sex but it allows the bitch to breath
  and allows her only to make gah gah like sounds. For the time being I decided
  not to blindfold the bitch so that when she came to she would quickly realize
  the extent of her plight.  
Leaving her cuffed and retainer gagged I climbed back into the front and
  drove off. I had about a 15 mile drive to my place. About 5 miles down the
  road the bitch regained full consciousness and her frantic sounds through the
  gag aroused me immensely. Within 20 minutes I pulled into the driveway of my
  home which is an isolated rural area. Opening the garage door with an electric
  opener I drove inside and prepared to unload my cargo. I wasn't too concerned
  whether she saw the garage interior or not but I donned a ski mask so as to
  make identification of myself difficult. When I first picked her up I had donned
  a blond wig and dark glasses. For the remainder of the session I would either
  wear the ski mask or the bitch would be blindfolded.  
The bitch was clearly terrified as I prepared to release her cuffs from the
  wall hook. I calmly explained to her she had been abducted and would be taken
  to my basement dungeon and held captive for 2 days. She could expect to be
  sexually abused and tortured but if she was cooperative would be released unharmed.
  I left unanswered what would happen if she failed to cooperate.  
My calm, matter of fact explanation usually results in my captives being
  more compliant during the initial phase of their confinement and this case
  was no exception. None the less I noosed a rope around her neck and used the
  end to lead her down into the basement. It wasn't really necessary but it makes
  the bitches realize what might happen if they resist. Once in the basement
  I replaced the metal cuffs with leather cuffs and attached them to an overhead
  bar. This was far more comfortable than the metal cuffs elevated to the rear.
  I prefer the metal cuffs but realistically they can cause nerve damage if left
  on for too long.  
My captive was still fully dressed in her white fur coat and moderately short
  black dress. She was struggling to expel the retainer gag from her mouth but
  it was affixed too tightly and the futility of her efforts must have been evident
  to her but she continued to no avail.  
Ordinarily I have researched my victims background in advance but in this
  case interrogation was necessary. Removing the retainer gag I explained to
  her that she would address me as "sir" and not speak without permission. Brandishing
  a "scourge" type flogger in my hand it wasn't necessary to explain what the
  consequences would be for disobedience. I quickly ascertained her name was
  Kathleen, that she was 48 years old, divorced, and owner of a small real estate
  business. Blond and green eyed at about 5'5 and 160 pounds she was clearly
  overweight but I sensed she had the typical haughty demeanor of a management
  type.  
It was difficult for her to address me as "sir" but after several very painful
  flogger strokes to the boobs and crotch she started using proper speech. For
  some reason she had lowered herself and gone to a wedding reception with a
  factory worker. When he finally made a pass at her she demanded he stop his
  car and she stormed out, such a peon not being worthy of her body.  
Next came stripping my captive and as I harbor a disdain for fur coats it
  gave me great pleasure to use a heavy duty pair of scissors to cut it into
  shreds. This was repeated with her dress and undergarments and she was quickly
  stark naked except for her heels. I'm fond of heels so I left them on but not
  before attaching a spreader bar between her ankles, you'd be surprised the
  damage a bitch can do with a well placed kick.  
After stuffing her panties into her mouth and applying a white silk blindfold
  I left her unattended for a few minutes while I went upstairs to tend to some
  matters and giving me a chance to take my ski mask off for a few minutes. This
  is the hardest part for the bitch not knowing exactly when she will be fucked
  but before leaving I had told her she would be used in a variety of ways "very
  soon". After ditching some factory worker who made a pass at her it must have
  really have been a blow to her dignity to know she would soon be forced to
  have sex with a low life, the bitch should have stuck with the factory worker.  
I returned about ten minutes later. Before fucking my bitches I like to subject
  them to some pain so I started with a pair of nipple clamps connected by a
  chain and a metallic clamp which I affixed to her clit. Her nipples were of
  generous size and it was evident she was experiencing heavy pain as I yanked
  the chain back and forth, the clamps affixed securely to the nipples and did
  not fall off. The sounds she made through her panty gag were awesome. After
  about 10 minutes of nipple and clit torture I couldn't resist the urge to fuck
  her and decided to start with an ass fucking as she had admitted to being an
  anal virgin before I gagged her.  
I'm very particular about how I expect my captives to act while being fucked
  and basically its passionately with heavy moaning. To induce this bitch to
  cooperate I calmly explained if her performance was adequate she would be allowed
  to rest in a chair overnight otherwise she would stay in her current standing
  position. Leveling with these bitches is usually very effective and this one
  quickly took the cue as I slowly penetrated her asshole from behind. While
  she obviously detested every second of it she did a first rate job of acting,
  these management type cunts usually are the most compliant of victims.  
Her ass hole was extremely tight considering her age and status as an anal
  virgin and it assured that my thrusts would be painful even if I didn't intend
  them to be which of course I did. I don't like to brag but my cock is massive
  in size, I'm not going to cite measurements, but suffice to say it is genetically
  endowed. Not every bitch is worthy of my cock up her asshole but I felt especially
  compelled to punish this one with the thought of her putting down the factory
  guy playing in my mind. So she was forced to take my rough thrusting for nearly
  ten minutes climaxing with me shooting my wad into her.  
With the anal work complete it was time to fuck her cunt from the front.
  For this I removed her blindfolded but left her gagged. Most of the rapists
  at the prison hospital tell me they prefer raping their victim ungagged but
  that has never been my preference. I did remove her blindfold forcing her to
  look squarely at me while I took her. Being face to face with a ski masked
  low life fucking you as you hang in helpless restraint can only add to the
  bitches anguish and the euphoria of her abductor.  
I took my time thrusting into her trying to bring her to the edge of climax
  and then stopping but I quickly sensed she was doing everything she could to
  deny me this pleasure. Taking a quick time out from my thrusting I brandished
  my crop and gave her a vicious lash across her boobs. I told her I wasn't satisfied
  with her performance and if it didn't quickly improve her boobs would have
  permanent scars. This did the trick for when I resumed thrusting she accepted
  me the best she could and from looking at her pained facial expression I knew
  she was suffering intensely. After about ten minutes I climaxed then left her
  hanging unattended for another ten minutes while I went up and showered. Call
  it a compulsion but when I finish fucking an uppity bitch whom I despise I
  have to cleanse myself. One word of caution to prospective sex offenders: if
  you're forced into counseling keep these thoughts to yourself or you're certain
  to be diagnosed as a sexual sadist.  
Returning to the basement I decided it was time to secure the bitch for the
  night and I moved her to my special bondage chair which is bolted into the
  floor. It is one of those wood high backed, triangular seats with no elbows.
  The chair has three legs conforming to the seat triangle and I used leather
  cuffs to attach her ankles to the rear legs assuring that her legs would be
  uncomfortably spread for the night.  
With the chair having no elbows that leaves two possibilities for arm restraint.
  In this case I chose the obviously more uncomfortable one which involved affixing
  a pair of rigid double hinge steel cuffs to her wrists in front of her with
  her palms facing away. These were then attached to hook underneath the chair
  seat forcing her to bend forward at a near 45 degree angle and assuring a sore
  back. A leather restraint belt was tightly placed around her just beneath her
  boobs and this was tethered to a ceiling hook. It really did little to further
  restrict her movement but I enjoy the sight of a tethered bitch.  
I made it clear to the bitch that this punitive restraint was because of
  my dissatisfaction with her sexual performance and tomorrow she would be given
  a chance to redeem herself with oral sex. Having removed the panties from her
  mouth she started to protest but a leather muzzle gag was tightly strapped
  to her had and a funnel gag attachment inserted into her mouth. This allowed
  her to breath but prevented any intelligible speech.  
Her confinement thus completed I laughed at the bitch, left bright lights
  shining in her face and went upstairs to catch some rest.  
END PART 1  
MEMORIES OF A SEXUAL SADIST Part 2 by Long Tall Mary  
After about 4 hours of sleep I got up and after donning my ski mask went
  to the basement to check on my captive. It was obvious she was in agony from
  the painful position I had left her in and she tried desperately to make eye
  contact with me to plead for relief. I just laughed at her and commented on
  how comfortable she looked reminding her that her poor sexual performance was
  responsible for her current manner of restraint.  
By this time I had decided that my captive held little appeal to me. All
  of my other abductions and rapes were planned in advance and I would not select
  a victim unless she held some appeal. It was time to complete my sex and torture
  session with this bitch and release her.  
My m. o. for releases is that I bind the victim's eyes and mouth with duct
  tape. She is then transported to some secluded area where her hands are tied
  in such a superficial way that she can free herself from the restraints and
  tape within 5 minutes and find her way to a pay phone within 10 minutes. However
  this was the only victim who had gotten a look at the type of vehicle I was
  driving so I decided she would be taken to an even more secluded area to give
  me more time to make my getaway.  
But first on the order was finishing the session with emphasis on oral sex.
  The uppity bitch admitted to a dislike for oral sex but pleaded emphatically
  with me that she would satisfy me. After removing her from the bondage chair
  the dental retainer gag was locked in her mouth forcing her to kneel before
  me and using only her tongue to satisfy me. I simply don't trust bitches when
  it comes to using their teeth during oral sex and I have severely punished
  more than one bitch for so doing. Actually I found her performance very unsatisfying
  but I have to give the bitch credit as it was far superior than the previous
  night of anal and coital sex. None the less I made her suck for nearly ten
  minutes before shooting my wad down her throat.  
I told the bitch she would released come nightfall but that meant spending
  more than 12 hours strung up from the overhead bar with a ball gag to keep
  her from whining. I basically ignored her during that period. Since I had shredded
  the bitches clothes as I always do she would be provided with a pair of jeans
  and sweatshirt. I keep a collection of such clothes on hand for just such purposes.
  They are worn only by one person, whomever the particular victim is, the idea
  being to minimize the chance that any DNA evidence will be found.  
This is also the purpose of forcing the bitches to shower before they are
  released. I have a shower in the basement and I ritualistically put a steel
  collar around the bitches neck and tether it to the wall. I then watch while
  the bitch cleanses herself both internally and externally. More than one bitch
  has rebelled at doing this while being watched and each one has been severely
  whipped for so doing.  
In this case the bitch did so quite willingly and after having her dress,
  she was tapped, her hands bound and she was placed in the rear of the van with
  the understanding she would soon be released. Actually I was tempted to release
  this bitch naked but with temperatures around 30 degrees there are limits as
  to what even the most sociopathic sadist will do. The dumping of the bitch
  was on a really secluded dark rural road and I estimated it would be at least
  30 minutes before the bitch could free herself and find her way to a phone.
  Good riddance as I concentrated on my next abduction and rape.  
One of my most memorable snatches was 42 year old Gloria Allgreen, a prominent
  Boston attorney. A regular participant on talking head shows her specialty
  was suing wealthy and prominent males accused of raping females and her current
  high profile case was suing some local sportscaster who had allegedly raped
  his secretary. I couldn't think of a more fitting candidate for snatching than
  Allgreen. Having seen her on TV numerous times I was impressed with her curvaceous
  figure and the thought of having her was causing priaprisms.  
Being a career criminal I have long despised lawyers and particularly female
  lawyers. Back in my earlier years I got busted for public lewdness because
  I was masturbating in public. At the time I wasn't eligible for a free lawyer
  so I shelled out $1000.00 to some young female lawyer who was reputed to have
  an "in" with the judge I was appearing before. She advised me to plead guilty
  and I would only be fined. I followed her advise and was stunned to hear the
  judge sentence me to 6 months in jail. As I was led away in handcuffs I called
  her a fucking cunt" which led to another 10 days for contempt of court. I never
  found out why I got shafted but it caused me to despise female lawyers from
  then on.  
My prospective victim lived in a two story house in an expensive suburban
  neighborhood. She lived alone and at the time she was rumored to be sleeping
  around with males from the established cognoscenti. Like so many of my bitch
  victims she considered any male without at least a law or medical degree to
  be inferior and unworthy of her company. It was rumored she was bisexual and
  the thought of torturing her into providing the specifics was highly arousing
  to say the least.  
I determined that Allgreen had no burglar alarm system which is a big plus
  and one evening when I knew she would not be at home I used my wax kit to make
  a mold of her front door lock. From the mold I was able to produce a key and
  it required another trip back to her house to be certain that it worked which
  it did. Rather than survey the inside of the house I closed and locked the
  door and began making plans as when to strike.  
The opportune time came when I learned that Allgreen would be making a speech
  to some feminist group at 7:00PM on a Thursday. This meant she should be home
  by 10:00 but secreted inside the house I would wait for however long it took.
  My only concern was that she would not arrive home unaccompanied but I would
  be prepared in case she didn't.  
About 8:30 on Thursday I parked my non descript Toyota sedan in a billiards
  club parking lot about a block from my victim's house where it would be inconspicuous.
  I had taken the precaution of putting switched license plates on it even though
  I had no intention of allowing Allgreen to see the car. Carrying my black bag
  abductors kit I walked the short distance to the house and having already observed
  her drive away earlier I unlocked the front door and entered.  
It was hardly enjoyable trying to pass the time awaiting her return but finally
  at 10:15 I heard the garage door opening and donning my ski mask I took a position
  that would enable me to overpower her as soon as she entered the kitchen. Much
  to my relief I heard a car door slam only once indicating she was alone.  
In this case I had chosen chloroform as the means of subduing her. It is
  a dangerous drug and this was the first time I had ever used it but from studying
  I felt confident that it would be safe and effective. For a back up I carried
  my stun gun. As soon as she entered the kitchen I sprung out from hiding in
  the hall and before she could react grabbed her around the neck with one hand
  while pressing the chloroform soaked rag over her mouth. I anticipated that
  the bitch would struggle and I wasn't disappointed but her 5'5, 130 lb. body
  presented no great challenge. In recent months I had been using steroids in
  conjunction with my weight training and my strength level was outstanding for
  my age. It was also doing wonders for my sexual functioning.  
After less than a minute she had slumped into light unconsciousness and I
  paused for a moment to look at her as she lie on the kitchen floor. She was
  wearing a full length green leather coat with mid leg boots, underneath the
  coat was a beige business suit. Needless to say it gave me a good feeling to
  know that within the hour her expensive clothes would be in shreds and she
  would be strung stark naked from my basement ceiling,  
Restraint is essential during the capture and transport phase for despite
  the chloroform there is always a chance of escape, never underestimate the
  determination of a desperate bitch. The bitch would be restrained and left
  unattended for less than 5 minutes while I walked to the billiards club where
  my car was parked. I would then pull the car into the empty bay of her garage
  and she would be loaded into the trunk and transported.  
Using a pair of handcuffs I cuffed her wrists behind her. Had it not been
  for her boots I wound have simply used two pairs of cuffs with each wrist cuffed
  to the same ankle. I was able to fit a pair of leather ankle cuffs just above
  the boots and the second pair of handcuffs was used to connect the other two
  sets of cuffs in a modified hogtie. A strip of duct tape was then placed over
  her mouth, I carry the strips taped to the exterior of my bag and it saves
  me the trouble of cutting a piece. Next a snug form fitting leather bondage
  hood with only a nose opening was pulled over her head. To be on the safe side
  I used another pair of cuffs to connect her to a couch leg so in the event
  she should regain consciousness before my return she would be unable to roll
  about.  
After returning with my car and parking in the garage the bitch was starting
  to regain consciousness and from being gagged, hooded and cuffed was no doubt
  in a state of panic. Once again I used my technique of calmly explaining to
  the bitch what I had planned for her that being 2-3 days of confinement coupled
  with sex and various tortures. Struggling was not in her best interests I explained
  and that she should concentrate on nose breathing. She nodded and groaned in
  assent and I carried her still hogtied to the garage and placed her in the
  trunk of my car. To minimize the possibility of her thrashing about I used
  plastic cuffs to connect her booted ankles, these were attached to the hinge
  of the trunk lid. Satisfied that the bitch was adequately secure I closed the
  lid and began the 20 minute drive to my home.  
The thought of the restrained bitch in the trunk and the tortures I had planned
  for her kept me rock hard as I cautiously drove towards my house. When you're
  driving with an abducted female the first rule is to abide by all traffic laws.
  I know that sounds fucking obvious but one guy doing time with me at the prison
  hospital got caught because he drove away from the rape scene with no license
  plates on his car and I could tell you many other cases where some stupid traffic
  violation led to someone being busted.  
It was just shy of 11:00 that I pulled into my garage closing the door behind
  me. In this case the bitch would remain blindfolded until she was secured in
  the basement as I wasn't about to risk letting her see my car. Releasing her
  from her hogtie I half led and half dragged her down the basement stairs and
  with practiced precision I quickly had her attached with leather cuffs to the
  overhead bar. I decided to leave her boots on and a spreader bar was attached
  between her ankles to keep her spread wide.  
Upon removing her hood she got her first glimpse of her ski masked captor
  and I also removed her tape gag assuming she would begin pleading for her release.
  I was shocked to listen to a torrent of oral diarrhea as I was called a mother
  fucker amongst other expletives. This was surprising and completely unbecoming
  a feminist celebrity who would not hesitate to publicly criticize any male
  using even mild sexual expletives.  
I usually resort to some type of disinformation technique with my captives'
  and I this case I had previously tape recorded the sounds of commercial jets
  taking off from the Logan Airport. As my bitch began her period of captivity
  at my dungeon the jets were taking off to the east from Logan nearly ten miles
  to the east of my home. I made sure the bitch heard these sounds before I closed
  the cellar window. When released she would relate this bit of information to
  the police and they would concentrate their search in the area along the takeoff
  path safely away from my place.  
My disinformation undertaking complete I turned to treating her case of oral
  diarrhea. Taking a pair of already soiled panties from my house supply the
  bitch watched in revulsion as I urinated upon them and was then ordered to
  open her mouth. Needless to say she resisted so I brandished a pair of pliers
  and through her blouse twisted her left nipple causing her to shriek in pain.
  Before I could repeat the move she opened the mouth and the panties were stuffed
  in and a new strip of duct tape placed over them.  
Next came the ritualistic shedding of her expensive clothes using my heavy
  duty scissors. She continued to glare defiantly at me as I cut away first her
  leather coat, then her business suit and lastly her underwear. I got my first
  look at her naked and frankly for her age she had a nice body with her well
  rounded boobs standing out the most.  
To my surprise she sported a full mound on her pussy as do most of my snatches.
  In this case I decided a shaving was in order and I pulled up a stool sitting
  in front of her. Applying a generous amount of lather I took my time shaving
  off every follicle of hair that was visible. The bitch wisely refrained from
  struggling during the shaving and the stench of the urine soaked panties in
  her mouth discouraged her from gag talk.  
My barbering complete it was time to go upstairs and take a break. I can
  only wear a ski mask for so long before it gets irritating and this would be
  an opportunity to remove it. The panties were left in her mouth and I replaced
  the bondage hood that I had removed. Experience has shown that the longer the
  period of sensory deprivation the more compliant the captive will be. With
  this bitch I didn't really care as I already resolved that she would suffer
  greater torture than any of my previous snatches.  
END PART 2  
MEMORIES OF A SEXUAL SADIST Part 3 by Long Tall Mary  
After about a half hour break and after redonning my ski mask I returned
  to the basement. My captive was a work of beauty as she dangled naked except
  for her midi boots from the ceiling attached spreader bar with an additional
  spreader between her ankles. Hooded and tape gagged with urine soaked panties
  she was thoroughly immobilized and sensually deprived.  
I began by removing her hood forcing her to look squarely at me. My first
  command was that she provide me with all the names of her lovers both male
  and female. In an act of foolish defiance she vigorously shook her head. Smiling
  I picked up a nearby chain saw and powered it on causing the bitch to freeze
  in fear instantly. While I would never resort to using a chain saw on a victim
  the prospect of using one to induce fear in her was perfectly acceptable. I
  brought the blade to within inches of her boobs and revved up the motor.  
The threatened use of the chain saw brought her defiance to an abrupt halt
  and she nodded in assent when I repeated my request for information on her
  lovers. After warning her that any further oral diarrhea would be dealt with
  severely I removed the panties and tape from her mouth. The bitch immediately
  began begging to be released but such babble halted when I again picked up
  and powered the chain saw before her face.  
The bitch in her terrified state provided the information I sought. Indeed
  she was bisexual and her primary lesbian partner was a certain Boston Municipal
  Court Judge and another judge from the same court was her primary male lover.
  You should have heard her begging desperately when I mentioned the possibility
  of abducting her lesbian lover and confining them together. I took careful
  note of the phone numbers listed in her cell phone bank and gleaned a great
  deal of information about her friends and associates.  
As disinformation is always part of my strategy I continued to periodically
  play tape recordings of jets taking off to the east from Logan. Carrying it
  one step further I told the bitch I would be making calls to her lovers using
  her cell phone. She was too terrified to protest but I removed the temptation
  by attaching a funnel gag to her and replacing her bondage hood. This would
  allow her to remain safe while unattended for about an hour. To give her an
  introduction to the more intense torture she would later be subjected to I
  administered twenty lashes with a flogger at moderate intensity alternating
  between her boobs, buttocks and crutch, That done I left her unattended and
  proceeded with the next phase of disinformation.  
Driving alone in my car to a residential neighborhood along the runway takeoff
  path I proceeded to dial several calls on her cell phone in particular to her
  lesbian lover. In a disguised voice I made reference to blackmail but kept
  the call short. The purpose of these calls was to create an electronic trail.
  When my bitch was released the police would no doubt obtain the cell phone
  records and ascertain what general area the calls were made from. These records
  combined with the tapes of jets departing would cause the police to focus on
  a residential area far distant from mine. Once these calls were completed I
  placed her cell phone on the roadway and drove over it several times until
  it was in smithereens. This eliminated any possibility of calls being traced
  to where she was being held captive.  
Returning to my home I found my captive clearly in agony but completely secure.
  I've never had one of my captives come close to escaping and I didn't care
  how painful the restraints had to be in to assure that. I admired the welts
  that my flogger had left about the bitches body. They would heal slowly, some
  might never heal. This was fine with me, such is my animosity towards female
  lawyers.  
So far the bitch had only been subjected to forced shaving, a nipple twist
  and minimal flogging. I had much more in store for her including a full menu
  of sexual penetrations. From the steroids I'd been using my cock got super
  hard and I was able to achieve sustained erections bordering on priapisms .
  I must admit to a little help from Viagra combined with the steroids. While
  I was fully capable of performing adequately without the Viagra it did give
  me a little extra enhancement.  
I decided that a forced mouth fucking was first on my agenda so I removed
  her funnel gag and replaced it with a metal dental gag. You know my feelings
  when it comes to oral sex technique. Any contact between the bitches teeth
  and my cock is cause for severe whipping. The dental gag prevents this but
  in order to attain the proper position I had to remove the bitches wrists from
  the spreader bar and make her kneel on the floor in front of me. Her hands
  were cuffed behind her back at this stage and I took my leisurely time sliding
  my cock back and forth into her oral cavity. After about ten minutes I climaxed
  forcing the bitch to swallow a wad of my semen.  
Another of my preferences is that the bitch act enthusiastically while being
  raped or sodomized. This means passionate moaning even it if is faked. The
  bitch displayed none of this so after the mouth fucking I gave her another
  twenty lashes with my flogger with the warning that if she did not show enthusiasm
  during the next phase that more excruciating torture would result.  
The next phase was coital penetration and for this I replaced the dental
  gag with a ball gag attached to a face muzzle. The muzzle and gag were fastened
  tightly enabling me to enjoy the gagged moanings of a bitch being raped. For
  coital penetrations I have two favorite positions, one a see horse like device
  with the ass propped up in the air, the other is the overhead bar attachment.
  Both allow access to either sex port and my choice of which device to use is
  entirely subjective. More often than not I choose the overhead bar which forces
  the bitch to look directly at me while I take her. Such was to be the position
  for Allgreen.  
Allgreen evidently heeded the previous twenty lashings as she performed a
  first rate acting job as my rock hard cock penetrated her repeatedly. Her moanings
  were of stellar erotic quality and I suspect she may even have enjoyed it a
  bit. It was probably the hardest cock she ever accepted and she was likely
  more comfortable with a dildo. Complicating penetration was she had an unusually
  loose and dry fuck hole which I was quick to comment upon. The average male
  trying to fuck her would give up quickly and the male judge she mentioned as
  her partner probably had to settle for oral sex.  
I continued my ravaging of her fuck hole for nearly twenty minutes. Aside
  from the fact that she probably detested every second of it I obtained little
  sexual gratification from it. I picked a zero to rape, her overall sexual bearing
  had proved deceptive. I analyze the psyches of all my victims and in this case
  concluded she shared a common trait with many other cock hating feminists that
  being her own sexual dysfunction.  
Dwelling on this made me bitter and it most likely influenced the degree
  of torture to which I would subject her to. She would have permanent marks
  as a result of my floggings whereas with my other bitches I strive to avoid
  that. I had no qualms about doing so in this case and indeed after concluding
  the coital penetration phase I proceeded to administer another twenty lashes
  of high intensity concentrating heavily upon her pussy.  
Yet one can only be subjected to so much torture before the person passes
  out and I stopped short of that point with the bitch sobbing hysterically through
  her gag. It was time to arrange her for overnight confinement and she was placed
  in my 8x8 steel cage. To keep her erotically occupied I inserted a rather large
  dildo in her fuck hole and a shorter butt plug up her asshole. The later was
  particularly difficult to insert but the pain it inflicted upon her was most
  gratifying. I warned her that if either intruder should somehow be expelled
  that they would be permanently sealed in her with super glue. For further spite
  I cuffed her hands and ankles to the bars of the cage even though there was
  no danger of her escaping without them.  
To further taunt the bitch I pretended to make a phone call to a white slaver
  to discuss the possibility of selling her into African slavery. As I had left
  the muzzle gag in place she attempted to plead desperately but her whimperings
  only aroused me more. To keep her in suspense for a few hours I told her that
  the slaver would be calling later and it would be decided then if she would
  be sold.  
The bitch was kept in captivity for another twenty four hours. Having lost
  interest in continuing my sexual ravagement of her I was content to leave her
  restrained in the cage. I did remove her gag but she was not allowed to speak
  nor was she provided any food or water. She was obviously relieved when I informed
  her that out of the goodness of my heart she would be released.  
The prep for her release was my usual routine with a metal collar fastened
  around her neck and tethered to the wall next to my makeshift shower which
  was nothing more than a hose, brush, soap and drain. Unlike some of my captives
  she readily cleaned herself to my satisfaction after which she was provided
  with a sweatshirt and jeans. Her boots were never removed. I then wrapped her
  face in duct tape leaving only a small opening for the nose. She was then bound
  and transported to a secluded spot where I eased her restraints so she could
  free herself within ten minutes. I drove off priding myself on having inflicted
  such excruciating torture on a most deserving victim.  
END PART 3  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Long Tall Mary


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





