BDSM Library - The Letter to Ryan




The Letter to Ryan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A letter that reveals the dark side of a man obsessed with body modification and his slave, Debbie. This is a story I wrote over a year ago. Never satisfied I published it on
  my own site intending on editing it at a later date. This is my final draft
  of it &ndash; or so I hope.  
The Letter to Ryan  
"Here, you're going to need this." He said, offering a glass to his friend.  
Ryan took the glass and sipped at the amber liquid, sucking in and allowing
  the flavor of the scotch to fill his mouth.  
Jerry fumbled in his coat pocket for a moment and then withdrew an envelope. "Here,
  I want you to read this as soon as I'm gone." Taking the envelope, Ryan peered
  up at his friend, a question on his tongue.  
"Don't bother asking, Ryan. In a moment I will take my leave. I won't be
  back. But I needed to clear up a few loose ends before I left" he said. "Take
  care of yourself and&hellip;read the letter. It will explain everything."  
Without so much as another word, Jerry was out the door of his large home.
  Moments later, he was in his car and traveling down the long drive.  
Ryan had known him for many years and had grown accustomed to his odd and
  secretive behaviors. So, this was not terribly odd seeming. Still, he wondered
  what was going on. Another sip of scotch later and he opened the thick envelope
  and began to read.  
For Ryan, my good friend,  
I request that you do not skip over any of this letter, as it is quite important
  that you know everything. I want you to have complete understanding of the
  responsibility and gift that I am giving to you.  
Many of the details may seem tasteless or unnecessary. However, I have included
  these details for you so that you might get the scope of my actions.  
My secret and personal past is of little interest. In fact, the majority
  of my life has no bearing on this story that I am about to tell you, the exception
  being that I was once a rather skilled plastic surgeon, giving up my practice
  at the age of 38 to retire upon my uncles passing. And it was my uncle, in
  his will, who left me this incredibly large estate and the fortune on which
  I live.  
And now, on to the necessary details;  
Debbie, I had known for quite some time. She had been a freshman in high
  school when I was a senior. One of the things that I found so attractive in
  her was her strong-will and powerfully intelligent mind. Even as a child of
  seventeen, I found these strengths to be her real beauty. Certainly, we had
  flirted a bit, but no more came of it. After high school we lost touch.  
Her story before our reintroduction is a short one, I shant bore you with
  many details. Suffice to say that she had cut herself off from her friends.
  Her parents had past only the year before our reintroduction and she had just
  been laid off from her job and needed, not only employment but also a shoulder
  on which to cry. I was more than happy to oblige.  
We were reintroduced at a small coffee shop. She saw me seated at a table
  and called out my name. It was, as they say, love at first sight &ndash; or
  second sight, as the case may be. Somehow, our old attraction was new again.  
We began dating shortly after that. I was soon to discover that she had interest
  in extreme sexual practices through the various fantasies that she would detail
  for me almost every night before we made love.  
Shortly after our affair began she moved in with me here. No one has seen
  or heard from her since.  
From the beginning of our co-habitation we began having more serious chats
  about her extreme wants. I had similar interests to her own and convinced her
  to live them out here in my home.  
Once she agreed, I drew up a contract for her to sign that detailed her wants
  and expectations, as well as my own wants and expectations. Of course, the
  contract was not binding, nor legal in any way. Still, I wanted to give her
  a full understanding that when she agreed to this that it was not a joke. By
  signing this she understood that I could do anything to her that I wished short
  of selling or killing her.  
She signed it.  
I am not certain if she regrets that signing anymore. I am not certain that
  she has the capacity to regret anymore. She has not spoken a word in several
  years and, in fact, has shown no inclinations or wants of her own in many years.
  That strong-minded and intelligent girl has disappeared and she is now more
  of an animal than anything else.  
At any rate, that was how it all began.  
My first agenda was a simple modification. So, I took her into my basement
  in which I had installed a few of my old surgical devices. Not many, mind you,
  but I had already had plans for this when I began hearing about her wants.  
Once in my basement she was happy to jump up onto my surgical table. After
  only a few words, she was sedated for the evenings work. Upon her awakening
  after keeping her in a drugged sleep for a week, she discovered just how she
  had been modified.  
Her body hair had been removed via electrolysis. That was quite a long and
  arduous task and the main reason that she was kept sedated for so long.  
Another of her findings was that she could no longer stand flat footed as
  I had inserted a very small pin into her heel that was made from low carbon
  surgical steel. When pressure was applied it caused her great pain. This, of
  course, encouraged her to walk on her toes at all times.  
That night I bound her wrists and ankles to the headboard on my bed. She
  was spread wide and doubled over so that her ass and her sex were ready for
  the taking. I took her hard that night. She cried in pain and begged for mercy.
  Mercy was not something I allowed her.  
She did not orgasm that night. Instead, she suffered through several painful
  intrusions and a night of cramps, as she remained doubled for the duration
  of the entire night.  
That night I explained to her that she would never know the pleasures of
  vaginal sex again. Not only did I not want her pregnant or care for the use
  of birth control devices, but also I wanted her to know that she was being
  taken for my pleasures and not hers.  
I was surprised that she had no complaints over that little discussion. In
  retrospect, I suppose I should have expected that she would not complain after
  her telling me about her fantasies of humiliation and rough use.  
Over the next few weeks she became accustomed to her nightly position and
  to enjoy the brutality of my assaults, climaxing time and time again. When
  I would finish with her she was always allowed the pleasure of cleaning the
  remnants of our lovemaking with her mouth.  
I learned, after the first time, that her being made to clean of my member
  after it had been in her ass was something she detested. However, having a
  strong need to be humiliated and used as if an object for sex, as opposed to
  a lover, it excited her.  
During these first weeks she became accustomed to walking on tiptoe at all
  times. The shape of her calves became increasingly more appealing as did her
  thighs from the exercises I was putting her through. In fact, in a matter of
  a short few weeks her entire body, already quite fit, became a body that most
  women can only aspire to. We were both quite happy with things in those days.  
Somewhere into our third month of living as master and slave I decided that
  another modification was in store. Again, we traversed the stairs into my basement
  where I strapped her to my table and sedated her. Three hours later, she awoke
  to find that her tongue had been pierced, as had the bottom of her mouth. A
  round shiny bar with a ball on either end passed through her tongue and the
  bottom of her mouth.  
Her tongue, while still mobile, was unable to move freely and her articulation
  was that of a deaf person. She dealt with it rather well, considering her dislike
  for the piercing.  
The next few weeks were spent in relative quiet. I eased off of my demands
  for her body and made her take care of her piercing so as to avoid infection.
  She dealt with her new speech impediment rather well and learned to speak a
  little more clearly. That would later change, however.  
After her healing I taught her how to give a proper blowjob. She was skilled
  before but she still had much to learn. For several weeks she spent large parts
  of her day between my legs sucking me. Her jaw ached much of the time but her
  endurance grew until she was able to suck my cock for hours at a time with
  no pain. She became so skilled, in fact, that she could bring me to orgasm
  several times an hour if I was not careful.  
During this time I allowed her to sleep chained to my bed so that she could
  wake me with a blowjob. Her one misstep gained her a quality beating that ensured
  her diligence in this task.  
Eventually, we resumed our old nightly routine. She was doubled in my bed
  while I fucked her ass hard and long while she screamed in ecstasy. Always,
  she was made to take me into her mouth to receive my orgasm or to clean the
  waste from my member after I had filled her with my semen.  
She was even grateful for the return to normal sexual activity as it meant
  that she could now cum again. Something she had missed during her hours sucking
  my cock.  
For several months our lives settled in to a simple routine. She served me
  and learned my likes and dislikes. She was very eager to live this way with
  no responsibilities outside of the home. So our time was easy, relatively speaking.
  It was not long before she came to understand my moods and when and how to
  satisfy my wants.  
Many days were spent outside in my back yard lounging in lawn chairs in the
  grass. I held her naked form close to me, kissing her and she kissing me. It
  was quite nice, really. I must say that I miss those days.  
After a few months of languid tranquility had passed I found that my urges
  for the extreme had re-awakened. Having no job or monetary worries had allowed
  my mind to wander down a road of strange and varying ideas. Eventually, a realistic
  idea settled into my mind and I determined to execute it. I remember kissing
  her forehead as the idea solidified in my mind.  
She awoke to see me smiling above her. Groggy, she smiled back at me. As
  she rose, she realized that she could not move her arms. She stood up unsteadily
  and tried to see what new bondage her arms were now in.  
Her wrists I had pulled up between her shoulder blades and positioned so
  that the back of her hands touched. They had been fastened together with wide
  metal cuffs that were attached to each other so as to make one. And though
  she could wiggle her fingers, they were quite useless.  
As she accepted the arm bondage she noticed that her breasts were slightly
  enlarged and that her nipples were adorned with shiny silver rings. Much to
  my surprise, she did not make a single objection. Even her length of drugged
  unconsciousness was not questioned. She merely smiled as I led her back upstairs.  
There were a few occasions in that first day of her new bondage that she
  asked when she would be released form her harsh arm bondage. Further questions
  were scotched after a thorough beating. She was that left covered in welts
  from the switch that I had cut from the willow tree in the back yard.  
Over the next few weeks I began to notice that her arms were slightly atrophied.
  I had thought about releasing her arms from time to time but I decided against
  it. It was better she forget about using them. I never intended on letting
  her arms free anyway.  
She adapted quite well to the lack of use of her arms. After a short learning
  curve she became quite adept at doing all things as though her hands never
  existed, at all. I marveled at her skills to bring me to orgasm simply with
  her mouth. Many was the night when I would watch her as I lay on my back and
  she on her knees as she sucked my cock to full erection and then to climax.  
One day in particular she impressed me as I laid her on her back and thrust
  my cock down her throat, fucking her mouth as though it were her other orifices.
  And when I exploded in her I bypassed her mouth and filled her throat with
  my semen. When I withdrew from her throat she looked at me lovingly.  
As the days passed I found myself getting restless, yet again. And as the
  winter came I found myself being less aroused by her current bondage. Apparently,
  the new gets old with people like myself and I found that I less responsive
  and excited by the tortures that I was inflicting on her body. And so, I set
  out for new ideas and new ways to cause her pain humiliation.  
It was morning and she had just brought me to climax a few minutes earlier.
  I had stumbled into the bathroom when I called her to me. I made her kneel
  in the bathtub at my feet and take my flaccid cock into her mouth. As my urine
  streamed into her mouth she pulled back leaving me to piss on her naked body.
  I stopped the stream and slapped her across the face. Then, I grabbed her by
  the hair and pushed her face to my groin and commanded she open her mouth.
  She refused and struggled in my grasp.  
I left her there in the tub to return moments later with a switch whereupon
  I set to beating her until she begged to swallow my piss. Finally, crying and
  shaking, still smarting from her beating, she took my cock into her mouth and
  began swallowing the piss that streamed into her mouth.  
After she had swallowed the remainder of my piss I showered us both. She
  kneeled as I washed us, crying, begging and questioning why I would do such
  a thing to her. Her response was a demand for silence and light cuff to the
  cheek.  
After our shower, I showed her the document that she had signed so many months
  before. She was made to read it out loud in her nearly unintelligible voice.
  After she was through, her head slumped and she nodded in quiet acceptance.  
Over time, she became quite used to drinking my piss. At first she would
  beg with her eyes for me not to make her do so. But eventually, she became
  accustomed to it. At first I would piss in her mouth for the humiliation it
  put her through and the excitement it provide me. Eventually, it became a routine
  of laziness because I did not want to get up from my seat.  
After a time, her morning routine was sucking my morning piss down and following
  it with a blowjob. She was never happy at this arrangement, I could tell, but
  her choices were to obey or to receive a severe switching. And so, she did
  as she was expected.  
Over the next few months I became less thrilled with these newer humiliations
  that I put her through. So, I began using her ass as my toilet as well as her
  mouth. Many was the morning that I would awaken with my cock hard and my bladder
  full. On these mornings I would roll her to her belly and slide my cock in
  her ass and let a stream of urine into it. Then I would fuck her ass hard.
  Of course, she was then made roll over and clean whatever remained on my cock.
  I think she truly enjoyed those mornings despite her insistence to the contrary.  
As time went by, this practice, as all the others had, became less than exciting.
  So, I decided that more modification was needed. I settled on her arms, which
  had been fixed for so long behind her back.  
I was never quite happy with their current bondage, as I had to remove it
  from time to time due to various problems. She tended to snag on things and
  tear fabrics. I had lost several clothing items to her bondage as well as bedroom
  sheets and the like. So, I decided to make a change.  
As I took her down into the basement my "operating room" she cried. I am
  not certain why, as she had liked everything but the arm bondage. I suppose
  that she had some premonition of what was to come. Nevertheless, we traversed
  the stairs to where her new modification was to take place.  
As she slipped into unconsciousness I told her how she would awake, permanently
  changed, never to use or hope to use of her arms again. She tried to struggle,
  uselessly, as she slipped into a dreamless sleep. And when she awoke, some
  six weeks later, she found that what I had told her was true.  
I had kept her sedated for so long to allow for the heeling of her new modification.
  Her hands were now back to back, a short surgical steel bar traveled completely
  through her hands and ended in a large flat disk on the palms of her hands
  which held them tightly together. Short of pulling off her hands she could
  not get them apart without another surgical procedure.  
I'll not bore you with too many details regarding the surgery except to say
  that the holes in her hands, and through which the bar traverse, had been lined
  with a Teflon coated plastic so that there would be little possibility of injury
  or a reopening of the tissues in her hand. In fact, at the time of her waking,
  she should have had soft skin tissues already forming around the plastic in
  her hand.  
For the next few hours she begged me to let her go. This was not her intention,
  she contended. I listened for what seemed like days only to show her the document
  that she had signed. She cried as I made her read it allowed again.  
Then, holding her in my arms, I explained to her that I intended on living
  up to my end of the bargain and that I knew she intended on living up to her
  end of it. After only a few more hours of protests, she bowed her head and
  gave up on convincing me otherwise.  
We made love that night, hard passionate love. Her orgasms were huge and
  loud and filled with the pain that a rough fucking produces. Despite her pleas
  for mercy, I fucked her sore red ass, bringing orgasm after orgasm to her tortured
  body.  
When next she awoke she became aware of her new adornments. Her lips were
  now lined with shiny rings, five in each lip. I had placed a small ring through
  her septum as well. To each of her new and old rings I had attached six-inch
  chains that dangled and swung with her every movement.  
There was no going back now. I had in mind a complete transformation that
  would turn her into and object of strange proportions. A change that could
  not be accomplished overnight but would take years. And though the task ahead
  of me seemed daunting, I had time and I had her. Best of all, I had the means
  to accomplish this strange vision.  
Later that night as I fucked her ass she begged for her release. And though
  she climaxed time and again she never stopped begging. And in her nearly unintelligible
  begging I hatched a new idea. And as I climaxed, thrusting my cock into her
  mouth, a new plan formed.  
That night she slept in a new slave bed that I had constructed while she
  was unconscious and recovering from her last modifications.  
The head of the bed had a strap that covered her mouth, wrapping around her
  head and thrusting a short phallus into her mouth. Her legs were held spread
  wide at the corners with metal shackles. The center of the bed was concave
  to ease the stress on her back from the placement of her arms as well as to
  arch her body as she lay on her chest.  
At the foot of the bed was a rod that, when clamped into place, thrust a
  thick phallus into her ass. Another slightly offset phallus was forced into
  her sex, as well. Both phalluses vibrated in timed schedules that varied between
  five, ten and fifteen minute intervals. Immobile and full, she spent the night
  in her new slaves bed. I doubt she slept much.  
Much of the following few weeks were spent abusing Debbie. By this time I
  rarely called her by name. She was either bitch or slave. Her beatings were
  often these days as she repeatedly rebelled and begged for her release.  
Unfortunately for Debbie, my interests in finding new humiliations were growing.
  So I decided to begin a new practice.  
She whined and cried the first time that I pissed on her food. She had refused,
  in fact, to eat it the first time. However, a good switching took care of that
  rebellion. Still, she sobbed as she ate it. And though I reasoned with her,
  that it was not much different from drinking my piss, she still sobbed when
  eating her piss soaked meal.  
It was that night that it was time for her to stop speaking. I no longer
  thought of her as a woman who I loved. I thought of her as an object of fascination.
  I saw her as a sex toy that needed alterations. And a new alteration was needed.  
First, I tried to make her understand what she was. She was ordered to only
  speak in barks. The only sounds that were to come from her, in fact, were barking
  noises. She did try; I'll give her that. But still, she whimpered and sobbed
  all to frequently.  
At one point I actually got a tape of dog barking and showed her the bark
  that I wanted her to mimic. She was amazingly capable at the mimicry and emulated
  it almost exactly. Still, she cried and whimpered from time to time and nothing
  that I did could make her stop. And so, after I had researched for my next
  intended modification, I marched her into my basement and began the procedure.  
When she awoke from her sleep this time she was surprised to see no visible
  alterations to her body. I sat beside her as she checked herself over. As she
  started to ask me what it was that I had changed in her she discovered pain.  
I explained to her that I had implanted a small device in her throat that
  when activated created a sharp electrical jolt to her voice box. Activation
  being any sound tone that was not within the right range of frequencies or
  of too long a duration. The correct frequency and duration, I informed her,
  was that bark that she had learned so well.  
I encouraged her to bark to test it. When she barked correctly she was rewarded
  by a total lack of pain. Any other sound coming from within her caused an unpleasant
  pain. From that day forth there were few sounds that came from her save the
  barking. To this day barking is her only form of communication.  
That night, I fucked her rough and long. Her first several orgasms were of
  particular pleasure to me as they were halted when she moaned or screamed.
  When she barked or remained silent, on the other hand, they were long and powerful
  as always.  
I do believe that I climaxed harder that night than any previously. It was
  a joy to my ears knowing her severe humiliation at not being able to remain
  silent. She tried; I'll give her that. Too often, however, she needed a vocal
  release. So the night was filled with the sound of my barking slave.  
After a time, I grew tired of her modifications, as usual. I felt that she
  would be better suited with more adornments. After another trip to my basement
  she awoke to find her breasts had been severely enlarged.  
Shortly after I had enlarged her breasts I had installed several new rings
  to her body, as well. She now had four more rings under her breasts. These
  were the most difficult to install as I had attached them around her ribs.
  That is, each ring was held, not by skin but by the ribs that they actually
  wrapped around. Her labia had been pierced in several places, as had her clitoris.
  As was my tendency, each ring had a six-inch chain attached to it, to dangle
  and sway with each movement that she made.  
It has been 8 years since I first took her as my slave. She has not uttered
  word in 4 of those years. And though I removed the device in her throat two
  years ago her only communication is through gestures, her eyes and her barks.  
There was a time when I left her in total sensory deprivation for nearly
  three months. Her only positive sensations during that time were from her own
  breathing, the water and food that I pumped into her throat via a feeding tube.
  As for the negative sensations, I will just leave it that she was well cleaned
  out via special tubing for waste removal.  
 Since that time she has been the perfect little slave. She never rebels
  against anything and seems to long for any contact at all. Truly, she seems
  eager to please. I have not switched her in three years, in fact.  
I have made only two more modifications to her that I have not spoken of
  yet. I pierced her leg behind her Achilles tendon in two places. In one hole
  she has a shiny ring that encircles the tendon on each leg. The other hole
  is larger and has a heavier ring that passes through it that wraps completely
  around her ankle.  
The smaller ring, which merely wraps around her tendon, I have used to bind
  or hobble her from time to time. The other larger ring is merely for show.
  Call it jewelry, if you will  
This is the end of the journey, at least for me. The rest of her journey
  lies with you. And that is the whole purpose of this letter, which you are
  reading. For by writing it I am acknowledging the thing that I have become
  and the thing I was turning her into - a monster.  
At one point, I thought that I no longer loved this woman. I realized some
  time ago that I do love her. And in loving her I must make certain that she
  will be well cared for and well treated. I will not and cannot do so. It is
  not in me.  
Too late, I realized that I have forever changed her into an unthinking animal,
  incapable of any normal sort of life without aid. I could undo the changes
  that I made to her physically, I imagine. I know, too well, that another trip
  down to my basement would not end my cycle, however. I would further transform
  her despite my realization of my emotions and of what I have become.  
It seems, Ryan, that I am no longer in control of myself nor am I able to
  achieve satisfaction through normal sexual means. I must be brutal and cruel
  to achieve satisfaction. Though I am no rapist, all the catalyst I appear to
  need is a victim who is, at least initially, willing.  
Now, through this tale that I have told to you, I am attempting to put right
  what I created. Through you, I hope to regain something of my humanity. I could
  not trust this to anyone else. You are the most honorable and trustworthy person
  that I have met. I thank you for your friendship and all that you are. And
  so, here it is, the close to my life and a new beginning for yours and hers.  
Ryan, I have already signed papers that will turn my entire state over to
  you. This leaves you with a tidy sum of more than fifty million dollars and
  several large properties, including this one. Your signature is all that is
  needed to complete the transfer of everything into your name. My lawyer has
  the documentation and will be contacting you within the week.  
In the room adjacent to this room you will find her. I ask that you care
  for her and treat her well. I know you will.  
As for me - worry not. Even as you read this letter I am heading to my final
  refuge in a location that I'll not disclose. If ever I am heard of again it
  will be as an addition to the obituary section of some small town newspaper.  
Goodbye.  
Ryan put down the document and looked up and over at the doorway that led
  to the next room. He took the last swig from his glass of scotch. Pushing out
  his chair, he stood and strode to the adjoining room.  
The girl kneeling girl stood up on her toes and smiled at him. Her body appeared
  to be in perfect shape. Her breasts were large for her height of five foot
  three inches and her waist was almost too small and lent an extreme feminine
  quality to her wide hips.  
Her brownish red hair draped down to her waist, further feeding the effect
  of striking femininity. It was striking how the chains seemed to glow against
  her dark hair.  
"Turn around", he told her.  
She obeyed. Her hands were bound exactly as described and as he studied her
  harder he could see that her arms, if released, would be useless for quite
  some time.  
Epilogue:  
Ryan was true to his friend's beliefs. He quit his job and took to caring
  for Debbie. He did not find it difficult or unpleasant.  
Much as Jerry had claimed, her only aspiration was to serve and please. Eventually,
  despite his sense of honor, he soon found him taking her into his bed. He worried
  over this, wondering if it was right to let this beautiful creature into his
  bed, but he could no longer face her saddened face at not being allowed to
  please him.  
After only a short time of caring for her he had reversed all of the physical
  changes that Jerry had forced upon her with the exception of her ridiculously
  enlarged breasts and the pins in her heel, having thought it unwise to force
  another surgery on the poor girl.  
She gave no notice, positive or otherwise, to the removal of her adornments.
  It seemed that she was used to frequent change and was willing to accept anything
  that happened to her.  
Several years after taking charge of Debbie, she finally uttered her first
  word - his name. Jerry surprised himself at how happy he became at her first
  utterance. It was almost as if he were a parent experiencing his child's first
  words. Months later they were having long and pleasant, if simple, conversations.  
Eventually, Ryan grew to love her. He was not "in love" with her and could
  never be. She was missing all of the key mental and emotional elements that
  he needed in a woman. She had no personality and her thought process was that
  of a child. For Ryan, she was more like a beloved pet that had to be cared
  for.  
Still, he was true to her. She filled his physical needs just as he filled
  all of her needs. And, when such a time came that he would need the company
  of others, he could venture out for such company. If he had guests to entertain,
  he could send her to his room with orders not to disturb him. She never questioned
  or disobeyed.  
One night, as he lay in bed with Debbie in his arms, he thought back to the
  letter that his friend had written. He found it odd that she had been described
  as strong-willed and powerfully intelligent. She showed no sign of any such
  things.  
He wondered what his friend had left out of the letter and what he had done
  to wipe her mind so clear of any thoughts but servitude.  
He looked over at the girl who slept in his arms and whispered to her "Will
  I ever know what he did to change you into this? Will I ever know how he turned
  you into this willing and subservient child?"  
End.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  H. Dean


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





