BDSM Library - The Wedding




The Wedding
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bethany Steinman and her three friends, all deeply in the lifestyle, celebrate Bethany's wedding to her master Alan.The Wedding   
By: Michael Alexander  
Michaelalexander7575@yahoo.com   
Chapter 1: The Preparations   
 The slight squeak of the windshield wipers against the clear glass made
  Bethany shiver slightly. To her, it was like long fingernails on a lengthy
  green chalk board, penetrating deep through her spine in agonizing irritation.
  She tugged on the fluid lever, spraying cleaner over the glass, to mingle with
  the drizzle, ending the painful squeal.  
 She glanced down at the clock, relieved she was early. She had taken extra
  time that morning, luxuriating in a bubble bath filled with salts, bayberry
  candles, and even the soft romantic music of classical guitar. It had been
  HER morning and she had been adamant about taking it. Something she wasn't
  really used to anymore.  
 Her choice of clothing had been irrelevant, of course. One doesn't go to
  your own wedding preparations worried about what you are going to wear. She
  had donned a comfortable set of wind pants, tee shirt, and breaker to dare
  the increasingly gloomy weather, picked up her duffel bag, and set forth on
  what she knew would change everything.  
 
  She smiled. Alan was so wonderful! The perfect man for her and she reveled
      momentarily in the memories of their time together. She had gushed when
      he had proposed, babbling yes, yes, yes, over and over until he had finally
      silenced her with a kiss. His penetrating blue eyes had melted the last
      remaining glacier within her.   
 Her eyes caught site of the building, an imposing structure of steel and
  concrete, with mirrored glass in slivers. When Alan had told her where he wanted
  to hold the wedding ceremony, her heart had skipped a beat, but of course she
  capitulated, giving into his wishes as surely as if she had already married
  him.  
 The parking lot was mostly empty, but she expected that. The actual ceremony
  wasn't going to be held until one o'clock, and her dashboard clock read nine
  thirty. But she saw three other cars, one still idling, pungent gray smoke
  emanating from its exhaust. Bethany pulled her car into the space next to the
  idling car, parking and emerging into the light rain, squinting to see who
  was parked next to her.  
 "Morning Beth." A dusky voice said as the other car's passenger door opened,
  revealing a stunning brunette, tall and elegant. She was dressed in the familiar
  leather trench coat, a professional business one that made her seem even more
  the lawyer. Her high heels clicked on the pavement, making Beth's own flat
  soled sandals seem&hellip;corny. Bethany grinned upon seeing her best friend
  standing there. "Hi, Ann. Thanks for coming."  
  
 Ann waved her hand. "Hey. You're getting married. And I was the one who
  introduced you to Alan anyway." Ann waved at the driver of her car and it pulled
  away slowly, leaving the two women standing close together. Bethany picked
  up her duffel bag and together they hurried toward the building.  
 They opened a set of glass doors that announced quite plainly that the facility
  was closed for a private wedding that day and Bethany felt that warm flush
  as her nerves experience the excitement building. Today was the day! Ann moved
  up to the service window and rang the tiny bell.  
 A small, slightly dumpy woman wearing a white lab coat and glasses appeared. "Oh!
  Good morning, Miss Steinman. Good morning, Ann. It's so good to see you both.
  Come on back."  
"Thank you Mistress Gray." Ann responded, unusually demure, her eyes dropping
  to the floor, so radically different from her regular lawyer persona.  
There was a slight buzzing sound as the hallway door lock clicked. Ann moved
  forward first, tugging at the handle, opening the heavy door with ease. Beth
  followed her friend.  
 Bethany followed Ann down the corridor. While Beth had been here many times
  before, she hadn't seen the back corridors.. Ann led her down the hall to a
  door with a taped sign reading "Steinman/Eliot Wedding Preparations: Bride's
  Party". Ann pushed and held the door open for Beth. "Here we are."  
 Beth stepped into the room. It was a large room, well lit with florescent
  lighting and partitioned off with white sheets hanging from hooks along the
  ceiling. She looked around and saw two other women sitting in soft comfortable
  looking chairs against the wall and they waved and rose as Beth and Ann entered.  
  
 "Oh Beth! Isn't this exciting!" asked Heather, her strawberry blond hair
  braided elegantly into a single strand. Her youthful body bounced in a pair
  of shorts just a little too short, and a tight tee shirt that left nothing
  to the imagination, the soft yet perky nipples of youth prominently outlined.
  Bethany laughed, hugging Heather tightly and kissing her cheek.  
 The other woman approached and hugged Bethany as well. "Hello, Beth. Are
  you ready for this?" she asked. Her blue jeans and dark pullover were tight
  but conservative, unlike the hyperactive blonde at her side.  
  
 Beth nodded. "Oh Jennifer, I am SO ready. I know it took me awhile to get
  into this, but I know I want it and Alan is so perfect." Bethany's eyes teared
  up in emotion. "I just wanted to thank all three of you for this. You've all
  sheltered me and helped me and taught me. I just couldn't have done this with
  out your help."  
 Ann chuckled and shook her head. "I knew when I first saw you, what you
  needed. I'm glad we could help."  
 A door on the far side of the room opened and the small dumpy woman Ann
  had greeted through the service window entered, followed by three other women.
  Each was dressed in a lab coat, and wearing sensible shoes. Each walked with
  the measured step of confidence.  
 "Good morning again, ladies. We only have a few hours to get you all prepared
  for the ceremony. I would like you all to follow me." Gray said, her bespectacled
  face smiling mischievously.  
  
 Ann led the way as they trooped followed, entering one of the partitioned
  sections of the room. A large table stood along the solid back wall. But Bethany
  noticed the four small rubber mounds, looking like barrels cut in half, sitting
  on the floor, electrical cords running from each one. Ann led the way to the
  table and then turned, waiting expectantly.  
 Gray smiled as the four beauties looked at her anxiously. "Ladies, you will
  disrobe completely, including footwear. Place your personal items on the table.
  I will collect them and lock them up so you don't have to worry about them.
  When you are finished you may assume the presentation position over our sybians.
  Get to it ladies."  
 Beth swallowed, and quickly deposited her duffel bag on the table. The zipping
  sound of her wind breaker filled the room as she began to undress. Her eyes
  couldn't help wandering to her friends and she gasped slightly as Ann unbuttoned
  the long leather coat she wore, exposing a perfectly nude body. The slight
  single triangle above her slit spoke of elegance and demeanor. Heather on the
  other hand, had enthusiastically tugged her shorts down, baring a bright pink
  slit, completely bare, smooth, and shiny. Jennifer had been wearing the pull
  over and jeans and Beth watched as her friend tugged the pull over off, baring
  a set of lovely cream colored breasts, huge pink nipples exposed.  
 "Ms. Steinman? Is there a problem?" Gray asked, her eyes narrowing.  
 Beth jumped and finished removing her jacket. "Uh no, ma'am." She said respectfully.  
 "You will address me as Mistress during the preparation, Ms. Steinman." Announced
  the short dumpy woman.  
 Bethany nodded. "Yes Mistress." She replied. Her fingers found the bottom
  of her tee shirt and she pulled it up over her head. She felt the slightly
  cool air touch her bosom and she felt the familiar tightening of her nipples.
  Ann had already moved forward and was kneeling over one of the sybians, the
  slightly wet slit of her sex positioned perfectly above a small protruding
  bump. Gray stepped forward and with her foot pushed the switch at the front
  of the device. Ann moaned lightly as the little notch began vibrating, rotating
  around as it massaged her sex.  
 Beth tugged at her hem as Heather dropped to her knees next to Ann. The
  little blonde's body was scrumptious to look at, and the tiny fish tattoo on
  her bottom a cute little foot note to her personality. Bethany smiled as she
  remembered meeting Heather for the first time on the slave's floor: a whirling
  dervish of flesh and sex that had swept her literally off her feet. Ms. Gray
  approached once more and soon Heather's soft moans accompanied Ann's.  
 Jennifer had finished removing her blue jeans and panties and stood watching
  as Beth pulled down her wind pants. Beth smiled shyly as her dark red thong
  came to light. Jennifer chuckled and moved forward to one of the sybians, dropping
  down without a sound. In seconds the sybian was activated, but Jennifer kept
  quiet, only her eyes and expression communicating the pleasure she was feeling.  
 Beth stepped out of her thong and stood naked, watching her three friends
  as they carefully rode the sexual devices designed to stimulate the libido.
  She had never ridden one of these but had heard about them. Beth moved forward
  and knelt, her body lowering down until she felt the soft nodule of the sybian.
  She pressed a bit lower, letting the knob slip into the folds of her sex. She
  was already wet; her body excited from watching her three friends begin the
  wedding preparations.  
 Ms Gray stepped forward and Bethany jumped slightly as the device beneath
  her clicked on. There was a soft grinding and Beth could feel the knob begin
  to rotate around, a soft massage on her clit that slid downward and actually
  into her body. She closed her eyes, concentrating on breathing, and remembered
  Ann telling her of being forced to ride the sybian for hours, her legs bound
  tightly.  
 Suddenly a sharp squeal came from Heather and Beth opened her eyes to see
  the petite blond shaking slightly, her legs splayed despite being on her knees,
  her crotch pumping madly against the sybian. Heather's hands were clutching
  her breasts and Bethany realized that each tender nipple was locked tight in
  a self inflicted pinch. Heather let out another tiny wail and squirmed on her
  seat, sharp little gasps and cries coming from her throat.  
 Ann grimaced. "Good lord, Heather, must you always put on a show?"  
 Bethany glanced at Jennifer who was leaning back, running her fingertips
  from her knees all the way up to her nipples, circling each areola and then
  running them down to the "V" of her slit. Not a sound came from her as the
  waves of pleasure ran through her body.  
 Ann appeared to be mediating, so still and non responsive was she, that
  Bethany wondered if her best friend was feeling okay. Bethany's own sensations
  were beginning to flood upward and Bethany remembered that Ann's own master
  was in the habit of keeping Ann sexually aroused for days, unrelenting need
  warping the elegant beauty.  
Beth felt the first waves of her orgasm hit, striking hard. She bit down
  on her lip, not wanting to emulate Heather who still squealed softly on the
  far side. The build up came much faster than Beth expected and her body flushed
  hotly as she felt the explosion inside. She trembled, her mouth parted, her
  eyes taking on that perfect look every lover wants to see in the eyes of their
  partner: a pleasure that almost is painful.  
 "Everyone stand up." Gray ordered. Bethany opened her eyes and moaned, not
  wanting to rise. Ann stood up first, her slit glistening and wet, the delicate
  folds parted to show the deep well of her sex. Jennifer rose next, followed
  by Heather, whose thighs were coated in a messy sheen of juice. Beth rose,
  feeling her own secretions coating the soft petals of her flower.  
 Please return to the table, face it, bend over, placing your arms and breasts
  upon the table." Ordered Gray as she turned off the sybians.  
 All four girls turned toward the back wall and approached the table. Bethany
  tensed up as she lowered her arms and chest to the hard wood, pushing her duffle
  bag farther up the table. Beth heard several steps and she realized that the
  other white coated women had approached along with Gray.  
 Beth felt a touch on her bottom and she glanced back to see Gray's smiling
  face. "Don't worry, Ms. Steinman. Face forward now. I'm merely going to insert
  an egg into you." The dominating woman held up a pink plastic and metal egg
  shaped device with a small black wire trailing downward like a tail.  
 Beth nodded, knowing the purpose of the device and relaxing. She had been
  forced to wear something similar before, mostly on dates with Alan. She closed
  her eyes and tilted her bottom upward, giving Ms. Gray a better path to her
  sex. Beth felt the press of the egg against the folds of her flower, then the
  incredible sensation of expansion. The large object widened and then suddenly
  popped in, causing her to jump reflexively. Beth held her breath as she listened
  to Heather squeal again on the other side of Ann.  
 "All done?" asked Ms. Gray. "Excellent. Keep that position ladies." Beth
  sighed, feeling full and terribly aroused. Once more she sensed Mistress Gray
  stepping up and Beth prepared herself for whatever preparation was next. She
  felt a soft pressure against her bottom, and then it built, beginning to press
  deeper into her anus. Beth gritted her teeth as the pressure increased, widening
  until she felt as if she were to tear, then the quick pop as the anal plug
  seated itself.  
 "Ladies, stand up straight, face each other in a circle, wrap your arms
  around the woman to your left and to your right." Announced Mistress Gray.  
 Bethany stood up straight, stretching her back momentarily. She glanced
  to her left and watched as Ann and Jennifer quickly stood next to each other
  a ninety degree angle. Heather moved forward, facing Jennifer, leaving a close
  gap for Beth. Bethany moved forward and both Jennifer and Heather slipped their
  arms around her waist. Beth's hands moved over the hips of her two friends
  and she smiled as Ann's hands found hers, gripping them tightly. Beth hadn't
  realized how erotic this would be until one of Jennifer's large mounds pressed
  up into her own bosom. With a laugh, all four girls moved inward slightly,
  pressing together in a soft hug of breast flesh.  
 "Do not break the circle for any reason, ladies. This will be a test of
  the devices that have been inserted into you. Breaking circle will result in
  punishment." Ms Gray announced ominously. Beth looked into Ann's eyes, see
  determination and need.  
 Suddenly Heather gasped, and Beth felt her friend's body tremble. Her hips
  did a wild dance and Beth and Ann held her tightly. Beth could feel Jennifer's
  hand gripping Heather's in the small of her back as little cries escaped from
  the petite blond. The cries changed into soft moans and Heather opened her
  eyes and smiled her thanks at the others.  
 Next it was Ann's turn to stiffen and Beth felt her best friend's nails
  dig into her palms. Beth felt Ann's trembling and she watched in alarm as Ann's
  mouth parted, her teeth grinding together. Ann gasped as the other three women
  held her and her breathing started again.  
 Beth glanced at Jennifer, realizing that Ms Gray would almost certainly
  go in order around the circle, ending only last with the bride. Jennifer seemed
  to have braced herself. The first look of surprise across the tall girl's face
  was less stoic than Ann's, but just as silent. Jennifer had less control of
  her body though and Beth felt Jennifer's hips bumping her own as Heather's
  had done.  
 Finally it was over and Beth quivered in a mixture of excitement and fear.
  What would this feel like? Every time Alan had used the egg on her, it had
  been a soft vibration or a mild electrical pulse. She remembered the first
  time he had turned it on, a soft candlelit dinner, the waiter standing patiently
  as she ordered. She had jumped in her seat, her hands flying to her crotch.
  The waiter had certainly noticed and she had turned scarlet in embarrassment,
  but then found herself even more turned on by the situation.  
 Beth tightened her grip on Ann, her eyes betraying her fears. There was
  an abrupt burst inside her sex as the egg shifted gears from park to overdrive.
  At the same time Beth felt the hot spark of electricity and the overload of
  sensations brought her to a mind shattering quick orgasm in the space of three
  seconds. Her body shook wildly, much more than Heather's had, and Beth let
  out an inarticulate wail. Her vision clouded and she felt herself dropping
  as the pain and vibration continued.  
 The three other women were surprised when Beth dropped, unprepared to support
  her weight. Both Heather and Jennifer had snagged Beth's hands as they fell,
  but the bride fell to the floor, her knees knocking. Ms. Gray appeared holding
  a small black box and Beth stopped twitching, her eyes opening in surprise
  to find herself lying on the ground.  
 "Punishment is obviously in order." Ms Gray announced, her face clearly
  showing her displeasure. "But since you are the bride, I will allow one of
  your maids to accept the punishment in your stead."  
 Beth looked up in shock and slowly rose to her feet. Her sex felt as if
  someone had penetrated her over and over through a five hour period. She shook
  her head, willing to accept the punishment and she stepped forward toward Ms
  Gray, despite her fears.  
  
 "I'll take it for her." Announced Ann, moving in front of the terrified
  Beth.  
 Beth's eyes widened. "No Ann! I broke the circle. I'll take the punishment.
  You don't have to!" Beth raised her hand to stop her best friend.  
 Ms Gray looked at both women, her eye brows raised.  
  
 Ann spoke again. "It's her wedding. She still has to endure the ceremony,
  the reception, not to mention her honeymoon. I'll take the punishment."  
 Tears flooded into Beth's eyes as Ms. Gray nodded. Gray pointed out of the
  curtained partition and Ann moved back into the main room.  
 "Follow her." Ordered Ms. Gray.  
 Ann seemed to know where she was going and Beth, Heather, and Jennifer all
  followed demurely. Gray and her three other cronies watched as the naked troop
  marched to the far end of the room.  
 Beth caught up with Ann. "You don't have to do this." She whispered.  
  
 Ann smiled. "Do you even know what the punishment is?" demanded the dark
  brunette.  
  
 Beth swallowed and shook her head. "No."  
 "Well I do. I've endured it before, and I can again. So let me do this for
  you." Ann replied.  
 Beth saw them come to the corner of the room. A large winch system stood
  anchored to the ceiling and Beth saw four cuffs dangling. Hanging from the
  wall was a series of whips, from bullwhips to crops and Beth bit her lip as
  Ann, obviously knowing what to do, lay down on her back under the winch.  
 Ms. Gray pressed a remote on the wall and lowered two of the cuffs to a
  height just a few feet above Ann's elegantly painted toenails. Without verbal
  orders, Ann lifted her legs into the air and Gray quickly cuffed the heavy
  leather bindings around her ankles. A hum sounded as one of Gray's cronies
  operated the winch and Ann was hauled upward, her legs parted and her arms
  dangling beneath her.  
 Beth groaned as she felt a soft vibration begin inside her body, both in
  her bottom and in her sex. One of Mistress Gray's cronies was using the remote.
  She saw from both Heather's and Jennifer's faces that they too were experiencing
  the soft tingling. Beth looked back at Ann who saw the inquisitive stare and
  nodded.  
 Ms Gray took a large, leather tipped whip from the wall, its multi headed
  thongs looking like dreadlocks. She swung it twice through the air, creating
  a swishing sound that came like the ominous clouds of a storm. Gray took two
  steps toward Ann and raised the whip high, bringing it down between the outstretched
  legs of the woman with a resounding thwack.  
 Ann gasped out in pain, her body twisting as Gray pulled back and swung
  again. Beth felt the vibrations inside her sex increasing as Gray began alternating
  between Ann's breasts and sex. With each blow Beth felt the stirrings in her
  loins. She glanced at Heather, who had her fingers buried in her sex. Jennifer
  looked like she wanted to grind herself on Heather's hip, but was still controlling
  herself. Beth pressed her legs together not wanting to experience her own pleasure
  while Ann was suffering for her.  
 Ms Gray continued the whipping, bringing a hot flushed look to Ann's sex
  and breasts. With each blow it seemed the vibrations deep inside all four girls
  intensified. Heather was far beyond any of the others, her fingers tugging
  and pulling at her clit. Beth was shocked to see that Jennifer had dropped
  any pretense and had wrapped her arms around Heather's body, one hand cupping
  the blonde's breast; the other on the girl's far hip as Jennifer ground her
  clit into Heather's hip bone, humping the smaller girl like a bitch in heat.  
 Beth groaned and gave in, reaching her fingers downward to her own sex,
  taking her clit and rolling it around in her soaked fingers. She could feel
  the fluids dripping down her thighs and she moaned as the first wave of self
  induced orgasm rocked her.  
 "Well! Finally!" Said Ms. Gray who turned and hung the whip back on the
  wall. Beth stopped and stared as the winch clacked and lowered Ann's legs back
  to the ground. "I thought you three would never let me finish!" The internal
  vibrations suddenly ceased and all four girls gave little cries of anguish.  
 "W-w-what?" Stammered Bethany. Ms. Gray smiled. "Didn't you realize that
  I was going to whip Ann until all three of you were masturbating?" The dominatrix
  laughed. "And you&hellip;being so morally supportive."  
 Beth gaped in astonishment, and then blushed crimson as she realized that
  her own stoic desire to stand strong for Ann had only resulted in her best
  friend's continued agony. She moved forward and knelt by Ann, smoothing the
  thick locks and stroking her face. Ann's breath came in ragged gasps as she
  began to recover. Beth's eyes filled with tears as she examined the red tinged
  flesh of Ann's body.  
 "Oh Ann, I'm so sorry!" Beth begged, cradling her friend's head. Ann smiled,
  a quick short tired smile. "It's all right. I've been punished before. Will
  be again I'm sure."  
 "You've got that right." Muttered Ms Gray who was busy unbuckling the heavy
  leather cuffs from around Ann's ankles. Beth turned to look at the woman but
  caught sight of Heather and Jennifer. Heather was leaning against Jennifer's
  huge breasts, her face mashed between the giant globes. Jennifer had the petite
  blonde's head held in place. Ann tilted her head up to see what Beth was staring
  at, and then laughed.  
 "Knock it off you two. We don't want Heather to die of asphyxiation." Ann
  said loudly. Jennifer glanced at Ann and released Heather's head. Heather gasped
  as she got some air and then smiled guiltily.  
 Ms Gray and the three other lab coated woman held out towels for all four
  girls and directed them to clear any body fluids from their limbs, and specifically
  to dry their privates. Beth found herself soaking the towel, but cleaning herself
  off and she was glad that she hadn't needed to ask for a second towel like
  Heather.  
 Ms. Gray stepped straight up to Beth and smiled. "Ms. Steinman, please follow
  me. It's time to get you dressed." Gray turned toward the other girls. "Ladies,
  each of you need to follow an attendant. They will help you get dressed for
  the ceremony."  
 Ms. Gray began moving away, clearly expecting Beth to follow. Beth gave
  a quick squeeze to Ann's hand and then padded softly after the dominatrix.
  As they went back down the large partitioned room Beth wondered what sort of
  garment Alan had selected. She hoped it would be elegant. She and Ann had spent
  a wonderful night web surfing, examining various white teddies and white bondage
  outfits from a variety of outlets. Beth had laughed hard when Ann had quiet
  honestly said that what most brides wear on their honeymoon night would more
  than likely be what Beth wore for the actual wedding.  
 Beth had felt a little dispirited when she found out how little she would
  have to do with the actual planning of the wedding. As the process went further
  she discovered more and more that she was more of a participator who had no
  say in the activities other than what color or music there would be. She sighed.  
 Ms. Gray rounded one partition and motioned Beth to enter. A steel bar frame
  had been set up in the center of the partitioned space, looking like a swing
  set frame without the swings. Instead, two heave chains with cuffs dangled
  from the top of the frame. Gray pointed to the spot under the chains and Beth
  obediently complied.  
 "Raise your hands, Ms. Steinman." Gray ordered.  
 Beth brought her hands upward and Gray lost no time in cuffing both wrists,
  then shortening the chain so that Beth's hands stood high above her head. Beth
  felt stretched as Ms Gray went to a small cupboard and pulled a long metal
  rod with more heavy cuffs at each end. Beth felt just a little intimidated
  as the dominatrix locked each ankle into the spreader bar, forcing Beth's legs
  apart in an obscene position.  
 Ms. Gray reached back into the cabinet and removed a medium sized can and
  a soft paintbrush. Beth watched in confusion as the woman opened the jar, revealing
  a thick white fluid. Gray dipped the brush into the jar and swirled it slightly
  before bring the brush up to Beth's breasts.  
 "Mistress? What is that stuff?" stammered Beth, who had tried to shrink
  away from the approaching brush.  
 Gray smiled. "Latex. It's a kind of liquid rubber. Don't worry. It comes
  off a lot easier than wax does." Gray grasped Beth's left nipple and pulled
  upward, exposing the underside of the tit. "It's actually kind of nice. First
  it won't come off easily, which is good since you will have it on through most
  of the ceremony. Second, it's nice for you since it doesn't hurt going on.
  Now&hellip;it will tighten a little as it dries, but that shouldn't be too
  uncomfortable anywhere but on your breasts and maybe your clit. It doesn't
  pinch mind you, but it does provide a bit of discomfort." Gray sounded as if
  she were lecturing a pupil. She repeated the process on Beth's right breast,
  and then spent a quick minute brushing the white fluid over each breast until
  Beth sported a white tight bikini top.  
 Beth could feel the stuff beginning to dry as Ms Gray began long brush strokes
  down Beth's abdomen. Looking down, Beth saw that Gray had swirled the strokes
  so that the started just to the side of her left breast, swirled across her
  belly button and down to her right hip. With a flourish of artistry, Gray completed
  the pattern, leaving the outlines of an hour glass shape on Beth's body with
  the center point being Beth's belly. A long stroke followed from hip to hip
  and Beth squirmed as the brush dipped lower.  
 Gray smiled as she refreshed the brush. "I'm going to paint your vagina
  now, Ms. Steinman. You don't want to have too much of this stuff find its way
  inside you, so please clench your muscles and hold very still."  
 Beth nodded and strived to follow the woman's orders. She quivered as the
  tiny bristles glided over her sex, coating it. Gray actually dropped to her
  knees and dabbed upward, making sure that the thick cream rubber coated every
  part, including the base of the anal plug. Beth felt her inner thighs stroked
  and she looked down to see herself wearing a skin tight pair of white shorts.
  The folds of her sex were clearly in few and Beth wondered for a second if
  this was the only dress she would be wearing for her wedding.  
 Finally Ms Gray finished, standing up and stretching silently. She walked
  around Beth quite a few times, examining the quickly drying latex with a careful
  eye. Beth felt so totally exposed, bare to this woman's penetrating gaze.  
 "Want to see your friends?" Ms Gray asked softly. Beth's eyes widened and
  she smiled, nodding to the woman in front of her. "Yes Mistress, I would really
  like to." Beth replied. Beth had been wondering how each of her friend's were
  faring. She knew Ann would be stoically enduring whatever was dealt to her.
  Jennifer would be silently suffering, revealing her emotional distress, but
  only through body language. Heather on the other hand would have been making
  every possible noise known to woman as her body was prepared for the ceremony.
  Beth wondered why she hadn't heard Heather.  
  
 Ms. Gray smiled knowingly and walked to one of the partitioned curtains.
  With a quick yank, she pulled it back toward the wall. All three of Bethany's
  friends were bound tightly to a large frame similar to Beth's. Ann stood silently
  on the far side, her arms and legs bound wide, her body already covered with
  the same latex, but a brilliant red. It was obvious that she was drying; Ann's
  face a careful neutral. Jennifer was on the side closest to Beth and she was
  also finished. Her body undulated in her bindings, seeming to dance to unheard
  music.  
 Bethany's eyes widened as she saw Heather. Unlike all three other women,
  Heather had been bound upside down, her legs spread unnaturally wide. Done
  in red, just as Ann and Jennifer, Heather's body seemed to be wiggling wildly.
  A thick rubber ball gag had been placed in her mouth, and her hands had been
  bound behind her. One of the attendants held her hips as the other began to
  run the brush downward from Heather's clit to her breast. Heather jumped and
  wiggled wildly, obviously reacting to the brush strokes and Bethany found herself
  giggling as the petite blonde bucked.  
 Bethany laughed loudly. "She's ticklish!" Together, Ms. Gray and Bethany
  watched as the other attendants tried desperately to hold Heather still as
  the third one painted the trembling girl.  
 Ms Gray sighed. "I think your latex is dry now, Ms. Steinman. Time for the
  bindings." The dominatrix held up a long length of white silk rope.  
 Beth tensed momentarily then relaxed, but the sudden vibrations that started
  inside her body revitalized her nervous system and she watched in suspicion
  as Gray came close.  
  
 "Does it feel good?" Gray asked as she looped the rope over Bethany's shoulders,
  letting the end dangle down evenly into twin pools beneath the bound woman.  
 Bethany nodded. The egg was purring gently and Beth could feel herself ripening.  
 "Did you know that the latex will keep all that wonderful juice inside you?
  Soon that little toy will be swimming in Bethany's pool." Gray commented as
  she took the rope and made two loops around Beth's breasts.  
 Beth grunted slightly as Gray tightened the loops, and then ran the two
  lines downward through Beth's outstretched legs and back up to the line that
  crossed the back of her neck. Beth felt the soft silk dig in to her slit, but
  not deeply. She felt the pressure of the line press into the base of the bottom
  plug. Neither of those two things bothered her as much as the tight grip the
  rope had around the base of each breast.  
 Gray brought out additional lines and began tying them in a pattern, crossing
  them down Beth's belly, matching the underlying latex. Beth groaned in sexual
  stimulation as Gray added more rope to Beth's bosom, tightening and pulling
  backward the already bound breasts.  
 Beth looked down and saw flashes of tan skin through the white. Mistress
  Gray finished the bondage, leaving Beth in a web of white silk that tugged
  at her breasts and pulled upward into her slit. The small dumpy woman picked
  up the can of latex once more and began dabbing it on Beth here and there,
  where ever the original layer had torn. Finally, Gray attached a long thin
  gauze veil to a silver and white head band and placed it on Beth's head. The
  gauze wrapped around her body in a spiral, ending at her waist as a sort of
  over skirt. Beth rocked back and forth through the whole ordeal as the vibrator
  continued its internal massage.  
 Ms. Gray stepped back and examined Bethany one final time. "Ms. Steinman,
  you look beautiful. A stunning sight." Ms. Gray pulled out a camera and began
  taking several pictures of Beth. She paused momentarily. "I hope you're ready,
  because it's just about time for the ceremony."  
Chapter 2: The Ceremony   
   
 Bethany could hear the excited roar in the tiny anteroom where she and her
  bridesmaids waited. It had been going on for over twenty minutes as the assembled
  guests made there way into the congregation hall. Beth knew that Alan had thrown
  open the invitation to everyone in the organization, but she was totally unprepared
  for the hundreds of people who had made an appearance.  
 Ann was sitting on the small leather couch, her red gauze skirt riding up
  and exposing the red covered mound of her sex. Beth averted her eyes for a
  moment, but then realized how pointless it was. Her own white coated labia
  were easily visible despite the thin veil of gauze covering her. Jennifer leaned
  against the far wall, undulating back and forth, privately intrigued by the
  feeling of the now completely dry liquid latex. Beth understood Jenny's interest.
  It felt like she had been poured into an extremely stretched pair of jeans.
  She felt almost naked, but not, since her skin didn't feel the normal breezes
  and drafts.  
 Unlike Jennifer and Ann, Heather was lying on the floor, her hands tied
  to her feet, rocking back and forth. Tears poured from her eyes. Beth had been
  alarmed when Heather had been brought in, struggling, but the three attendants
  had quickly hogtied the petite blonde and left her there giving instructions
  that they could remove the gag, but not untie Heather. Jennifer had quickly
  removed the gag and Heather had begun by begging, "Turn it off! Turn it off!" Beth
  had been mystified until Ann had looked at her and pointed at Heather's bottom.
  Beth felt her own loins tightening as she watched as Heather trembled.  
 Each red clad bridesmaid also sported a thick red leather collar, with matching
  wrist and ankle cuffs that tinkled slightly as they moved. Beth had been a
  little disappointed she wasn't made to wear the symbolic bindings, until Ms.
  Gray had told her that special white cuffs would be given to her as part of
  the ceremony. Heather's wrists and ankles were bound together using these red
  leather cuffs and Beth knew that so many interesting things could be done with
  them on.  
 The anteroom door opened and a dark haired man in a royal blue suit stepped
  into the room. He removed a small remote from his pocket and pointed it at
  Heather who stopped twitching and gasped.  
 "Thank you! Thank you, Sir!" Heather gasped, shuddering. The man stepped
  over to Heather, squatting down and unclipping her ankles from her wrists.  
 "Don't thank me to soon, my dear. It's time for the ceremony to begin. You
  need to stand up and get yourself together." The man turned toward Beth. "Ms.
  Steinman? My name is Paul Evern. I will be arranging the entry formation, as
  well as giving you your entrance cue. Come with me." He motioned to the door.  
 Bethany followed Paul Evern out into the foyer of the building and she gasped
  as she looked through the glass doors into the congregation hall. The placed
  was packed, over flowing with people. But more importantly, half of the guests
  were the same female slaves that Beth had been meeting for the last year and
  a half at various organization functions. Even more interestingly, most were
  nude and bound in various ways. It appeared her wedding had become an impromptu
  contest on how best to NOT dress your slave.  
 Paul Evern placed Ann in the very front, locking her wrist cuffs together.
  The sultry brunette appeared even taller than normal thanks to the four inch
  stiletto shoes she wore, her skin and latex suit reflecting the light. The
  gauze came down and covered her dainty bottom, crimson on red, and Beth felt
  a momentary pang of jealousy over her friend's beauty.  
 Next to be placed was Heather. Her wrists were also bound, but Evern placed
  a large dildo gag into her clasped hands and told her quite sternly that should
  she cause noise problems during the ceremony, she would be quickly gagged by
  her groomsman. Heather nodded.  
 Evern then held out his hand to Jennifer who moved behind Heather with grace.
  He placed a length of chain between Jenny's hands and gave her a red pillow
  covered with a red velvet cloth. Beth could see shaped under the cloth and
  smiled when she realized that the pillow held the white ankle and wrist cuffs,
  and the heavy white leather collar. Jenny turned and winked at Beth with a
  smile.  
 Finally, it was Beth's turn. Paul Evern positioned her at the rear of the
  procession and took a step back to admire the line up. Beth noticed another
  man with a camera appear and begin taking multiple snapshots of the quartet,
  especially some low waist shots that focused on their unconcealed rubber coated
  privates. Beth's breath quickened and she felt the peculiar tightness around
  her breasts. Paul Evern handed her a dramatically huge bouquet of flowers,
  an intense mixture of white and red roses surrounded by baby's breath and green
  leaves. Smaller bouquets went into Heather and Ann's bound hands, with Heather
  shifting the gag so she could hold both items.  
 Paul Evern seemed satisfied, smoothing down Beth's longer gauze skirt and
  veil. He hesitated just a moment, and then pressed lightly on Beth's latex
  covered nipple. Beth bit her lip slightly as the man smiled.  
 "Sorry, I couldn't resist. You look incredible. Alan will be very pleased." Paul
  said softly. He moved to the glass doorway, opened it in front of Ann and waved
  out into the hall.  
 Suddenly the music began. Johan Pachabel's Canon in D rang out through the
  building and out into the foyer. Beth swallowed and commanded her nerves to
  be still as Paul took Ann by the arm and pushed her slightly out into the congregation
  hall. There was an excited murmur and then Heather moved out under the bright
  lights of the main aisle. Evern waited a moment to give Heather some space,
  and then tapped Jennifer lightly to begin her walk.  
 Beth trembled in excitement. Her three bridesmaids moved down the aisle
  ahead of her and she smiled at Paul as he waited for just the right moment
  to let her enter the room. As they waited Beth noticed him holding the remote.  
 "Watch your friend, Heather." He said, chuckling. He pressed one of the
  buttons and Heather stopped suddenly, her hands going down to her sex. She
  let out a quiet moan and then gritted her teeth and continued moving forward.
  Paul Evern smiled at Beth and held up the remote. "It's your turn Ms. Steinman.
  Congratulations on your marriage."  
 He pressed another button on the remote and Beth gasped as the egg inside
  her sex began humming and vibrating. Her left hand immediately went downward,
  but she stopped herself, taking a deep breath. Every thought in her mind echoed
  with one word: control. Evern motioned for her to begin her walk down the aisle.  
 As Beth began her slow walk she tuned out the hungry stares and compassionate
  faces of the guests, instead concentrating on keeping her footing in the high
  heels, despite the incessant buzzing in her wet well. Her body was responding
  to the stimulation and she felt her nipples harden under the latex, causing
  the rubber to cling that much more tightly. Beth was glad the latex covered
  her sex, for as it was, if she had been wearing a real skirt, rivulets of moisture
  would be pouring down her legs.  
 Ann, Heather, and Jennifer had each stopped at the front of the hall. Standing
  upon the dais just one step up stood five men, four of which were clad in black
  leather outfits with broad shoulders and gold trim. The last was dressed in
  white and green and Beth recognized him as the minister. Beth's three bridesmaids
  moved to the sides, each standing in front of one of the groomsmen. Beth stopped
  and looked up into the smiling face of Alan, who held out his hand to her.  
 In unison, the groomsmen each pulled out leather leashes and attached the
  silver clip to the bridesmaid that stood in front of them. Pulling slightly,
  they guided each woman to their side, pushing Ann, Heather, and Jennifer to
  kneeling positions on soft red pads conveniently placed. Alan pulled Beth to
  his side and then also pushed her downward until she knelt next to him, turning
  to face the minister.  
 The minister was an elderly gentleman with white hair and a full mustache
  that he kept trimmed. As one of the founders of the organization, Beth had
  come to trust him as he helped counsel her when she first joined. She remembered
  the day, several months ago when Alan had tied her tightly to one of the ravishment
  benches. The minister himself had sat behind her and slowly pushed his thick
  shaft into her welcoming wetness.  
 "Friends, I welcome you all here today so that we may witness the joining
  of two kindred spirits. The relationship between Bethany Steinman and Alan
  Eliot has grown since I first met them a little more than a year ago, right
  here." The minister smiled. "When I first met Beth she was hanging by the wrists
  on our slave's floor, clamps on her nipples and clit, her bottom, breasts,
  and pussy red from a whipping, and this beautiful smile on her face as Alan
  penetrated her from behind. I knew right then that this was a good match."  
 "Alan," The minister said, addressing the tall handsome man holding Bethany's
  hand. "Bethany comes to you today willing to serve, wanting to be more than
  just an obedient brief encounter. She comes to you purified, desiring, and
  wanting to be more than just your submissive. She petitions for you to accept
  her as your wife and slave." The minister said.  
 "Bethany, Alan asks you to give yourself freely and completely to him, to
  answer his every desire and wish, no matter the consequence; to join with him
  in forming a partnership, one of respect, one of obedience, and one of trust.
  You not only go to him as a slave, but as a wife, a partner through thick and
  thin." Bethany nodded as the minister smiled at her. Her body yearned to be
  touched, the driving vibrations of the egg inside her sending waves of pleasure
  through her body.  
 "Before we exchange vows, does anyone have any objections to voice as to
  why Alan and Bethany should not be made husband and master to wife and slave?" The
  minister called out. Beth held her breath, scared for just a moment. Would
  anyone object? There was a long silence and then a rumbling laugh as the minister
  chuckled. "I thought not."  
 "Then do you, Alan, take this woman, Bethany, to be your wife, your slave,
  in good times and in bad, through sickness and in health, to care for her,
  cherish her, respect her, discipline her, and control her, till death do you
  part?" The minister asked.  
 Alan looked down at Bethany, desire, longing, and love in his eyes. "I do." He
  said simply.  
 "And do you, Bethany, take this man, Alan, to be your lord, master, and
  husband, in good times and in bad, through sickness and in health, to honor
  him, respect him, obey him, and even suffer for him, till death do you part?"  
 There was a quiet hush as Bethany looked up at Alan. The vibrations in her
  sex intensified and she wanted nothing more than for Alan to take her. Her
  mouth opened in longing and she nodded. "Oh yes, I do, more than anything." Alan
  smiled down at her, and ran one strong finger down the side of her face.  
 The minister beckoned to Jennifer, who along with the groomsman who held
  her leash, approached the minister and stood next to him, looking down at the
  loving couple. The minister pulled the red cover off the pillow and Bethany
  saw five bright white loops of leather, soft down on the insides. Silver buckles
  and hoops had been sewn into sections and Beth felt a shiver of anticipation
  as the minister picked up both of the largest loops.  
 "Bethany, these ankle cuffs symbolize your willingness to follow where Alan
  leads you. Times before you have had them placed upon you, to bind you, to
  control you. This time you will place them on your own ankles, yourself, symbolizing
  that your way is now his way. Where he goes, you will follow." The minister
  handed the ankle cuffs to Beth.  
 Beth tried to figure out an elegant way to put the cuff on and finally decided
  to raise one leg up so she was on a single knee. With careful movements she
  unbuckled the strap and opened the cuff around her ankle. Her fingers didn't
  even tremble as she closed it. She followed the same procedure for her other
  ankle, buckling the solid leather around her ankle just above the strap to
  her high heels. When it was buckled she returned to her kneeling position.  
 "Bethany, these wrist cuffs symbolize your willingness to help your Master
  in any way he desires, from domestic matters, to those of the heart. When you've
  been bound before it was to restrict your movements, but these cuffs will increase
  them, since they now are to be used to benefit your Master. Place them upon
  your wrists." The minister said, handing her the two wrist cuffs.  
 Bethany buckled the leather wrist cuffs on, feeling them wrap tightly around
  her wrists. She had worn cuffs before, most often with Alan, but these felt
  different. She realized after a moment that they had been made special for
  her. She glowed with pride as she finished the last buckle and looked up at
  Alan, smiling.  
 The minister nodded and picked up the white leather collar. "Bethany, this
  collar serves as a reminder that you are a slave, your entire purpose to serve
  the one whom you call Master. It controls you, and more importantly, serves
  as a symbol to all others that your heart, mind, soul, and body all belong
  to one person. By placing this collar around your neck, you announce in ways
  louder than any words can communicate, the affirmation of your vows." The minister
  handed the collar to her.  
  
 Bethany took the collar in her hand and saw the exquisite tooling on the
  band. With trembling fingers she buckled the collar around her neck, closing
  the buckle tightly. She brushed her hair out of the way when she was finished
  and then dropped her hands and looked up at Alan. The minister raised his hands.  
 The minister looked at Alan and then nodded. Alan reached into his pocket
  and pulled a small gold ring out.  
 "Out in the real world, you may not be able to wear the cuffs and collar
  you don to today, but you can wear this ring. This circle of metal that connects
  you to him. Alan? Place the ring on Bethany's finger."  
 Alan bent slightly and gently encircled Beth's finger. She shivered as it
  went on, her heart fluttering. Finally it was on completely, a sparkling brightness.
  Alan smiled at her with love.  
 "Alan? You may whip the bride." He announced with a grin.  
 Beth's eyes flew open wide as the entire crowd cheered. The Best Man handed
  the groom a large black leather cat of nine tails. The two other groomsmen
  each grabbed one of Beth's wrists and pulled her taut as the entire crowd cheered.
  Alan smiled at her, raised the whip over his head, and brought it swinging
  round hard in a full force lash across both of Beth's breasts.  
 Beth cried out as the sharp sting rushed through her body. It seemed to
  go straight down to her sodden sex. She looked down to see flaps of latex hanging
  loose between the ropes binding her breasts. Light tan skin flashed, and even
  a touch of pink nipple and Alan swung again, this time catching her left breast
  solidly and practically ripping the entire swath of latex off the creamy mound.  
 This time a low cry through gritted teeth came from Beth's throat. Everyone
  could tell the last lash had hurt. Thin red lines appeared on her breast. Alan
  swung again, this time at her right breast, but it took two additional swings
  for him to completely rip the latex covering from her skin.  
 Beth looked down at her bosom and saw the bright pink marks of her whipping.
  The straight welts across her full curves bloomed against the white of the
  rope and the little strips of remaining latex. Her body trembled, her arms
  aching as she pulled against her captors.  
 "Turn her round to face the crowd, please." Said the minister. The two groomsmen
  who held her quickly rotated Beth so that she could see the sea of faces staring
  at her. Her chest rose and fell in quick breaths as the crowd took in the marks
  of her submission. Beth's face flushed scarlet as hungry eyes devoured her
  bare breasts.  
 "Spread your legs, Beth." Alan murmured in her ear from behind her. Bethany
  parted her legs, spreading them as wide as she could. The latex stretched and
  the rope that Ms. Gray had strung between the lips of her sex dug deeply. Beth
  heard a swish from behind her and then a powerful force exploded between her
  legs, directly centered on the wet latex covered well. Beth almost collapsed
  except for the two groomsmen who held her. Her sex erupted in wet red pain
  that flashed upward all the way to her breasts. Bethany groaned loudly, her
  knees closing before the wall of agony faded. She shuddered and reopened her
  legs, not wanting to force Alan to order her to spread them again.  
 Alan swung again, the same strong underhand stroke, the tips of the whip
  wrapping themselves around Beth's white covered labia. The black leather bit
  through perfectly and the crowd applauded appreciatively as the pink edges
  of Beth's flower was exposed. Two additional strikes denuded it of the latex,
  leaving only a sodden silk rope, buried in two fat folds of wonderful red flesh.  
 Beth was sobbing as the groomsmen turned her back around to face her husband
  and the minister. Beth didn't notice Jennifer had returned to her kneeling
  position to the side. Beth's mind and body were overloaded with the sensations
  flooding through her. Her sex was a riot of pain and pleasure. Alan moved around
  behind and to the side of her and Beth tensed as she sensed him raise the whip.  
 The lash exploded against the soft curve of her bottom with intense heat.
  She shook from the blow and screamed. It was the hardest Alan had ever struck
  her. Her sobs came out in a rush as the pain faded and the deep heat began.
  Two more blows removed the last shred of latex from her creamy bottom. Both
  groomsmen dropped her limbs and Alan quickly went to his knees, gathering her
  up in his masculine arms to comfort her.  
 It took almost a minute for the crowd to quiet down, a full minute where
  Beth did nothing but sob into Alan's shoulder. Her body felt so different,
  so completely his, so totally out of her own control. Her loins clenched repeatedly,
  her sex desiring him so badly. Her breasts, bottom, and sex felt hot, and Beth
  slowly realized that she had soaked the rope between her legs and each thigh
  now glistened with a sheen of wetness.  
 The minister raised his hands as the crowd quieted down. "Friends, what
  Bethany has just endured is the physical manifestation of a slave's vows. Let
  us now renew our own vows with ten spanks on the bare bottom to all our slaves."  
 The crowd rustled as countless girls and even a few men were bent over the
  pew in front of them. Most bottoms were already bare, but a few women hustled
  to pull up their skirts, or shimmy out of their pants. A few industrious couples
  had already started and the combined sound of over two hundred slaves receiving
  ten hard spanks to the bare bottom filled the room. There were more than a
  few squeals and cries and even Beth roused to see the spectacle.  
 Ann, Jennifer, and Heather were on all fours, their heads up and facing
  the crowd as each groomsman slapped them hard upon the bottom. Heather's face
  was stuffed with the gag and Beth realized that sometime during the ceremony,
  Heather must have made a commotion. Tears poured down the petite blondes face
  and Beth could see that the latex around the blonde girl's flower had split,
  letting loose the torrent of juices that had been pent up inside.  
 Finally the crowd subsided as each slave was righted, hugs exchanged, tiny
  bouts of laughter and a few playful slaps were given. Alan continued to hold
  Beth in his arms, quieting her. Her breathing returned to normal and she leaned
  into his shoulder.  
 "Master, please Master, I need you so desperately. I'm aching for you." Beth
  whispered.  
 Alan laughed softly. "I know dear heart. I know. The vibrator inside you
  has been going the whole ceremony. You've done so well, far beyond my expectations." Alan
  laughed suddenly and nodded toward Heather. "You should be glad you're not
  Heather, my love. Her vibrator has been giving her nothing but electric shocks."  
 Beth's eyes flew open and she craned her head to see the diminutive blonde
  girl. Heather was once more on her knees, her hands cuffed behind her back.
  Her legs were pressed tightly together and her hips were pumping back and forth
  wildly. Beth noticed the tiny spasmodic jerks every few seconds and the tense
  stress Heather's face displayed.  
 "Friends!" The minister called out once more. "Alan and Bethany invite you
  to attend the reception, which will be held in the west hall and arena. There
  are refreshments, music, and other entertainments. As usual, the same rules
  apply for the reception as they do for any of our other gatherings. And finally,
  may I ask you all for a round of applause for our newest couple: Mr. and Mrs.
  Alan Eliot, known to us as Master Alan and Slave Beth."  
 Alan helped Beth to her feet as the room erupted in applause. Cheers, wolf
  whistles, and even a few war whoops brought a smile to Beth's face. Alan's
  arms tightened around her and together they stepped down from the dais and
  began the walk down the main aisle. A cascade of white flowers showered down
  around them as they moved, arm in arm. The traditional "Wedding March" by Felix
  Mendelsshohn filled the air as Alan and Beth passed between the rows of pews,
  shouts of encouragement and congratulations coming from both sides of the aisle.  
 Behind them, a look of stoic resolve on Ann's face betrayed the sexual torment
  the tall brunette still faced. Ann's steps were measure and controlled. Her
  red leather collar still attached to a leash held by one of Alan's groomsmen.
  Heather followed, still pausing every few seconds, with a momentary seizure
  as sharp jolts of electricity shocked her more sensitive organs. Finally came
  Jennifer, whose face was flushed with sexual ecstasy. Together they gathered
  in the foyer, arms wrapped around each other, each woman taking comfort in
  the soft embrace of their friends.  
To Be Continued&hellip;The Reception and The Honeymoon.  
  
*Copyright 2005 Michael Alexander. Printing in any other forum without the
  author's express permission is prohibited.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





