BDSM Library - Blood and Betrayal: Taking an Amazon




Blood and Betrayal: Taking an Amazon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three self contained chapters (authorized excerpts) from the first book in a series about the erotic adventures of Lyssa�s vampire children and their chosen loves, slaves and pets.
Blood and Betrayal: Taking an Amazon

Copyright (c) 2005 Spice and Sugar Publications.  All rights reserved.  A book in The 
Vampire's Pet(tm) Series published and distributed in arrangement with, Ruby 
Bloodstone, the author.

The following three chapters - One, Seven and Seventeen have been authorized for 
preview on the BDSM Library.  Each chapter stands alone and introduces key 
characters.

This book or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission of the 
publisher.  It is illegal and punishable by law to scan, upload and distribute this book via 
the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher.  Please 
support the author's rights and purchase only authorized electronic editions.  

This is a work of fiction.  The events described in this work are imaginary, as are the 
characters, who are fictitious and are not intended to represent any specific persons, 
living or dead.  Names, places, characters and incidents either are the product of the 
author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living 
or dead, events, locals or business establishments is entirely coincidental.

The Vampire's Pet Series is the erotic adventures of Lyssa's vampire children and their 
chosen loves, slaves and pets.  Books and stories in this series have content only 
suitable for adults.

The Vampire's Pet imprint is published by and a trademark of Spice and Sugar 
Publications.  
Web site: www.vampirespet.com 
E-mail author at: ruby@vampirespet.com

Warning - these excerpts may contain graphic descriptions of 
BDSM, Spanking, Male Domination, Non Consensual and Consensual Sexual Activities, 
Fantasy Abduction, Painful Punishments, Sexual Torture, S/M, Gay Sex, Group Sex, 
Straight Sex, Anal Sex, and Oral Sex
 

CHAPTER ONE


Present Day, The King Family Reunion, Northern California
	
Asteria knew she should have stayed with Danielle.  Wandering alone through a 
mansion filled with vampires and their servants wasn't safe.  Asteria of all people knew 
that.  Her best friend was married to a vampire.  That's why Asteria was at the party.  
She wanted to experience a taste of what her friend enjoyed.  She wanted a loving 
partner that could accept the truth.  Asteria wasn't a child anymore.  She hadn't been for 
over three millennia.

	For the last month, she'd been having erotic dreams about one man.  The man 
she was here to meet.  A man who probably didn't know she existed. 

	Dressed to blend with the crowd, she wore a little black dress and let her golden 
blond hair fall free.  No make-up for Asteria.  She was tan and toned, healthy with 
radiant skin.  After all, she was an immortal.

	Her head was buzzing.  A slight noise that sounded like the hum of a motor kept 
her from thinking clearly.  Asteria had left Danielle to get a glass of punch.  She found 
herself walking down a long corridor that she didn't recognize and shook her head.  The 
gesture didn't help.  She felt numb instead of afraid.  The buzzing wouldn't cease.

	Asteria kept walking.  She tried to think clearly.  This was a family reunion.  
Neutral ground.  Peace negotiations between warring factions had been setup months 
in advance.  She should be safe, right?  But she didn't have a master.  Danielle's 
husband, Stephen, had extended his protection to her.  Would that be enough?

	"That's it, pretty girl.  Come to me."

	The deep voice was in her mind.  She was being summoned.  Recognizing it and 
doing something to prevent it were two different things.  Unable to break the psychic 
hold of the unknown male, she walked on.

	"Stop there and close your eyes."

	Asteria couldn't help herself.  She obeyed his command.

	"Lovely."

	"Delicious."

	"To whom does she belong?"

	"I don't see any marks.  She's not wearing a collar."

	Asteria heard four distinct voices.  She was surrounded.  One of them touched 
her cheek and she remained still, passive, even though she was prepared to fight.  With 
her strength and skills, four vampires would be difficult, but not impossible to beat.  She 
called upon her own psychic powers and opened a link to Danielle.  Focusing, she sent 
a clear message.

	"Dani, I'm in trouble!  I don't know where I am.  There's at least four of them."

	Danielle responded immediately.  

	"Stephen and I are on our way.  Don't let them bite you."

	The cool hand on Asteria's cheek moved to her shoulder.  It pressed down.

	"Kneel," said the voice that had brought her here.

	"I won't kneel for you.  You're not my master."

	"You answered my call."  The hand pressed down harder.  "Kneel."

	"No."

	Asteria refused to submit.  Angry now, she was able to break his hold over her 
mind.  She opened her eyes to see four stunning men.  There was no other word for it.  
They were incredibly handsome.  Two blondes, a redhead and a brunette were dressed 
in formal attire as if it were their everyday clothes. 

	It was the redhead who had spoken and touched her.  His height was close to 
her own five-foot ten inches.  He appeared to be of Irish decent, though he had no 
accent.  His hands were warm and his face flush.  He licked his lips, but Asteria knew 
he'd already fed.  She hoped he didn't want her for dessert.

	"You must be a master vampire.  Your call was irresistible."

	Asteria's attempt at flattery was followed with a deep calming breath.  The men's 
eyes followed the action as the air filled and left her chest.  Her generous bustline 
became the center of attention.  Slowly, she took another breath and watched the men's 
reactions.  Better to let them think she was harmless.  

	"Pardon me, sir.  I don't even know your name."

	The redhead bowed with a dramatic flourish.  

	"Master George at your service.  Thank you for joining us."

	"I seem to be lost.  Perhaps you can return me to Stephen?" asked Asteria.

	At the name Stephen, all but George stepped back.  

	"Stephen?  As in son of Marcus?"

	"Yes," she replied.

	"Damn.  I should have known you'd have an escort.  Come wait in the playroom.  
I'm sure he'll be here in a minute."

	Asteria looked into his green eyes.  Whatever mind game George had played 
with her, it was over.  He gestured to the door.

	"Come in, girl.  He'll know where to find you.  It would be a sin for me to leave 
you to the wolves and I have to check on my little pain slut."

	"Your what?"

	"My pain slut."  Opening the door, George motioned for her to look into the room.  
"Rose and I were hoping you'd like to play with us."

	Asteria had seen rooms like this before in private clubs.  None were so elaborate.  
The toys and tools were plentiful.  A petite brunette with pale skin and pink tipped 
breasts was naked and hanging from her wrists.  She writhed between three bare men.  
All blond, the men were tan and muscular.  They were nude, big and large.  The woman 
seemed small, helpless.  It appeared to be a gang rape.  Asteria blanched.

	Rose's sex was impaled on the man in front of her.  Hands on her hips, he was 
fucking her hard.  A man behind her had his mouth to her throat.  He was licking the 
blood from a cut on her neck.  His cock was buried deep within her anus.  He held her in 
place while his partner thrust in and out of her.  The third man was whipping the 
woman's breasts with a leather riding crop.

	A wave of pleasure hit Asteria, then another.  Rose was climaxing.  An empath 
from birth, Asteria felt every sensation as the woman cried out for more.  

	It wasn't a rape at all.  Rose was in ecstasy.  The whip slashed across her chest.  
Rose wrapped her legs around the waist of the male fucking her, helping him gain 
greater depths.  Her breasts jiggled from the force of the blows and from her own 
bouncing.  Each thrust sent a new wave of pleasure through her.  And Asteria.

	"Harder, Ian," Rose ordered to the man whipping her.  "Let me see you touch 
yourself."

	Ian gratefully took hold of his hard shaft.  Presenting himself to Rose, he held his 
erection at the base.  When she nodded, he began to jerk off in slow motions.  
Somehow Asteria knew he'd be punished if he came without permission.  He felt scared 
and aroused at the same time.

	"Ian, take care of me."

	"Yes, Mistress," he replied with a choked voice.  Using the whip in his left hand, 
he pumped himself with his right.  His aim wasn't as good, but Rose didn't care.  The 
whip found a nipple.  Her breast compressed and bounced with the force of the blow. 

	"More."

	Ian repeatedly struck Rose across the chest.  Streaking her pale skin with red 
marks, he beat her with each stroke of his hand on his own cock.

	Asteria nearly fainted from the overload of sensations.  The blond men were lost 
in the passion of following the woman's orders.  Asteria felt their excitement.  She could 
taste blood in her mouth, feel the woman's vaginal muscles massaging a penis she 
didn't have.  For Rose, the pain heightened her pleasure.  Asteria felt her hands shake 
as she brought down the whip again and stroked a heavy erection.  At the same time, 
she felt the tightness of Rose's channels, could feel the thin membrane separating the 
cocks as they thrust against her inner walls.  But none of it was her.  It was them. 

	"Faster, harder, hit me again ... " Rose commanded.  "Yes, yes, yes!"

	Rose climaxed once more.  The men around her now in agony, wanting but not 
daring to find their own release.  Unable to block the psychic barrage, Asteria's eyes 
glazed over.  The lower part of her body began to undulate as Asteria rode the men with 
Rose. 

	A warm hand touched the back of Asteria's neck.  It was George.  When Asteria 
didn't tell him to stop, he pressed his groin into her back and rubbed himself against her.  
The fabric of her dress seemed too thin to protect her from his suit.

	"Would you like to take her place?" he offered.

	"N-no ... too much ... "  

	Asteria tried to tell George what was happening.  

	"Don't speak, girl.  Enjoy."  His hands stroked her breasts.  "You're like Danielle, 
aren't you?  You can feel them all."

	"Y-yes ... all of them."

	"And me, too?"

	"Yes," she hissed in frustration.  

	Why couldn't she turn down the volume of their emotions?  She should be 
stronger than this.  It was agony and ecstasy combined.  The sounds of the men 
moaning and flesh connecting with flesh, didn't help.  Asteria was a mass of screaming 
nerve endings.  

	"The way you receive and broadcast is scrumptious," George complimented.  
"You're adding to their lust, you know."

	Asteria knew only too well.  It was the major reason she stopped visiting sex 
clubs.  The members watching experienced whatever scene she was near.  She 
received the feelings of those around her then broadcast them to others.  Her teacher 
had called Asteria a natural amplifier and normally she could keep the physical and 
mental sensations of others inside.  Normally.  But there was something about the raw 
strength of sexual emotions that overloaded her control.  

	Instead of complaining, George pressed her closer to him.

	"Ah, to make you mine.  What fun we could have together."

	His voice sent shivers down her spine, intensifying the combined sensations.  
Asteria's legs gave out.  George held her in place with one hand while the other fondled 
her breasts.  When she didn't fight him, he bent his head and licked her neck.  She 
squirmed against him, her body betraying her rational mind.  The feel of his erection 
pressed to her bottom excited him and further confused her senses.

	"Please ... don't ... bite," gasped Asteria.

	"Are you sure?"  His amusement was evident in his tone.

	"Yes ... don't."

	George nodded his answer across her throat.  

	"As you wish, girl.  As you wish."

	His thoughts filled her mind.  George, lover of both men and women, was a sex 
junkie.  More like an incubus than a warrior, his conquests were based on feeding from 
the passion of his lovers.  He wanted Asteria as his own, to discover her likes and 
dislikes, to share her with Rose and a favored vampire child.

	He wasn't the one Asteria came for, but she couldn't break free of his hold.  She 
stayed in his arms, feeding his demon and lost in the emotions surrounding her.  
George suckled her neck, not breaking the skin, yet setting off another wave of pleasure 
in them both.  She felt his pleasure at her mild surrender and her own as his lips and 
hands caressed her tenderly.  

	Though his actions were the opposite of Rose and her men, the danger to 
Asteria was real.  George could easily siphon her energy, drinking in her emotions as 
she reflected those around her.  He could drain her without taking her blood.  In her 
state, she would let him, was letting him.  Asteria reached her hands behind them to 
hold his bottom.  The action pressed them closer together and the vampire moaned into 
her neck.

	"You're teasing, girl."

	"S-sorry ... you ... feel ... so good."

	Placing her hands in front of her, Asteria held onto his arm for support.  She 
couldn't take much more of the men's distress.  To end their combined torment, she 
needed them to climax.  Her need became theirs. 

	"Please, Mistress, please ... " the man at the woman's neck began to beg.  The 
others joined him in a chorus of cries.  "Please, Mistress, please let us come for you."

	Rose stared into Asteria's brown eyes.  Filled with lust, Rose's eyes were glowing 
gold.  The unexpected rush of sensation from Asteria helped Rose reach another 
climax.  Throwing her head back, the woman screamed her pleasure to the room.

	"Yes.  Come with me."

	After being denied for so long, the men struggled to follow her command.  Ian 
dropped the whip and spanked Rose's breasts with his open palm.  His other hand 
pumped furiously below.  The two men inside of Rose began to thrust back and forth in 
a rhythm that had Rose huffing for air.  Her petite body was battered between them and 
she cried out for more.

	"Yes, yes, yes ... now!"

	Ian climaxed first.  Asteria spun in George's arms, crushing him to her as the 
other men quickly followed.  George kept his eyes on Rose.  The sight of his lover with 
her pets was almost as satisfying as the energy they sent into the room.  Energy he 
drank like a fine vintage wine.

	The men shot into Rose, onto her, filling her lower body and covering her bare 
stomach with their seed.  As they jerked and climaxed, a high-pitched wail came from 
Rose.  Asteria's grip on George tightened.  She threw her head back and screamed with 
Rose as Rose orgasmed yet again. 

	Ian leaned forward and rested his head on Rose's chest.  The three blondes 
melded together to hold their dark-haired mistress between them.  After a few moments, 
Rose favored them each with a kiss.  They untied her wrists and eased her down 
between them.  Spent, the foursome laid in a pile on the floor. 

	"Brava, my sweet.  Brava," praised George and she smiled.

	"Thank you, Master," said Rose.  "Did you bring me a new present?"

	"Alas, this pretty blonde is not for you."

	"Why not?"

	"She's with me," answered Stephen entering the room.

	George released Asteria.  She swayed, her body still humming with feelings that 
weren't her own.  Danielle ran forward and hugged Asteria to her.  Silently, the two of 
them moved away from George and towards Stephen.

	Imposing at six-foot three inches, with dark brown hair and blue eyes, Stephen 
was an adversary to avoid.  Danielle was shorter and smaller than Stephen, but she, 
like Asteria, could defend herself in a fight.  The auburn haired woman with emerald 
green eyes was protected by most of the family.  No one wanted to endure Stephen's 
wrath.

	George turned to face the tall vampire.  He held his hands out before him, empty, 
a sign of surrender.  Stephen nodded and George bowed.  

	"Stephen, so good of you to join us.  Please forgive the misunderstanding, we 
thought your pet was seeking a master.  She answered our call."

	"Should I punish you for calling Asteria or thank you for not tasting her?"

	"Please forgive me."  George actually squirmed.  Knowing from experience the 
kind of pain that Stephen could inflict, he didn't want to challenge him.  "Honestly, I 
thought she was unattached."

	Stephen nodded again, flashing fangs this time.  Asteria felt his anger.  It traveled 
through her body like a crack of lightning.

	"Ouch," Danielle complained.  She too felt the blast.  

	Stephen tempered his emotions.  He would have chastised Asteria, but he knew 
it wasn't her fault.  George was extremely talented at mind control.  Luckily for both of 
them, George also preferred willing partners.  Stephen couldn't decide if he was angrier 
with George or himself.  He should never have let her wander through the party alone. 

	Until Asteria had a master to claim her, there was no one to block her mind from 
the call of the master vampires.  Stephen could have volunteered, but he would first 
have to taste her blood.  Stephen and Danielle had agreed that would be done as a last 
resort.  For the umpteenth time, Stephen had second thoughts about bringing her to the 
reunion.  He kept them to himself.

	"Asteria is unattached, but not without a champion," said Stephen.  "If all goes as 
planned, she will be meeting her master within the hour."




CHAPTER SEVEN

	
Days later, in the dungeon of his mansion, a leather clad Ivan glared down at the slave 
whose skin was being burned with hot wax.  Chris would have begged Ivan for mercy, 
but his mouth was filled with a penis shaped gag with a hole in it.  The only sounds 
coming out were moans and occasional screams, which sounded more like whistles 
through the gag, as the red wax found a tender part of his body. 

	"I'm disappointed in you, Chris."  Ivan gently moved the light brown hair out of 
way exposing Chris's green eyes.  Tears flowed freely down the slave's face and Ivan 
bent to lick his cheeks.  "Never in your taste, though."

	Two naked women on either side of Chris administered the punishment.  They 
were both tall and blond, with curvy figures and brown eyes.  Since Ivan had become 
obsessed with Star, he only acquired female slaves that resembled her.  

	Stepping back, Ivan admired the way Chris was displayed for him.  His long and 
lean slave was spread on his back, on a table that was just over a yard high.  His arms 
were perpendicular to his body.  It was a typical crucifixion position, maintained by 
chaining his wrists to long boards that came from beneath the table.  His legs were 
bent, spread and locked into place with heavy silver cuffs.  Though the wrist and ankle 
cuffs were lined, they were hard and unyielding.  A fucking machine was placed before 
Chris and a large dildo sawed in and out of his anal track.  The machine was set to 
random speed changes and every now and then, Chris squealed from the force of the 
thrusts.  

	To further remind him of his vulnerability, his penis and balls had been trapped in 
a painful cinch by a rubber cock ring called the "Gate of Hell".  Three straps went 
around the shaft, one around the base and one up and through the balls, separating 
them and increasing his agony.  Chris was thoroughly mortified to be in this position.  
Especially when one of the girls would playfully slap at his hard shaft.

	The wax wouldn't have been too much of a punishment by itself, but this was the 
second treatment.  The first time, the girls had used a salon wax and carefully removed 
any hair from below his neck down to his hips.  When they pulled the hair from his 
armpits, Chris earned the gag.  Though Ivan found his slave's incoherent pleadings 
amusing, the girls complained about the noise.  

	Ivan coldly watched Chris squirm as the girls tipped the candles and dripped wax 
onto his nipples.  His slave's skin was now far too sensitive for the wax, yet Ivan wanted 
him to hurt.  Earlier, Ivan had brutally used a heavy whip on Chris's back.  Whenever he 
squirmed, the pain from his back, mingled with the pain of the wax, the machine and the 
cock ring.

	 Chris was suffering, but Ivan wasn't ready to end it.  Though Chris could block 
his mind from Ivan and was often punished for that offense, he was on the punishment 
table for another reason.  Today, he had the audacity to attempt to leave the mansion.  
It was the ninth time Chris had tried to escape this year and Ivan intended it to be his 
last.

*****************

	At 18, Chris was already a powerful mage when the two dark sorcerers Ivan kept 
on his staff had captured him.  A friend who taught at the school for wizards and witches 
had brought the young man's powers to Ivan's attention.  

	It had been easy enough to request a meeting with the boy, easy to fool his 
professors into thinking that Chris would be staying with relatives for the summer before 
he went to college.  Ivan had disguised himself as a family member, even modifying his 
shape to appear more like the boy.  He assumed the identity and form of one of Chris's 
uncles and no one was the wiser.  The moment Chris had entered Ivan's limousine his 
freedom ended.  Ivan's two mages fastened a set of ensorcelled cuffs onto his wrists 
and his slavery commenced.

	In the beginning, the men had been merciless in their goal to break Chris for their 
master, almost killing him in the process.  He was denied food for days on end.  The 
lack of sustenance drained his energy, weakening him, but not his will.  After a month, 
Ivan stepped in and took over his slave's training. 

	Chris learned the hard way that Ivan could be just a merciless as the two dark 
magicians.  And Ivan wanted far more.  He wanted Chris to be both a pleasure slave 
and perform feats of magic for him.  When he refused, Ivan fed him the last thing Chris 
wanted.  His blood.

	Now, a year later, still fighting his slavery, Chris had tried and failed again to 
combat the older sorcerers.  They had caught him trying to leave by walking out the 
front door.  Chris had "borrowed" a butler's outfit and used a glamour to change his 
image.  The spell would have worked if the house hadn't been warded to keep Chris 
inside.  The second his foot crossed the threshold, a net dropped from thin air to hold 
him in place.  When the sorcerers brought Chris to Ivan, he wouldn't speak or look at his 
master.  He was ashamed at having been caught.

	Downstairs, in the dungeon, Chris had been placed face forward onto a free 
standing St. Andrews Cross and buckled in.  A snarling Ivan walked behind the cross 
and framed Chris's face with his large hands.  Chris looked into his master's eyes and 
fought the urge to scream.  Ivan terrified him, because deep inside his soul, Ivan was a 
sadist.  Chris discovered he liked Ivan's demon essence more than his human self.  At 
least with the demon, Chris could find compassion.

	"My boy toy wanted to leave."  

	As he often did, Ivan made it a statement instead of a question.  Chris searched 
deep into Ivan's eyes and tried to find the demon essence that might forgive him.  It 
wasn't coming to the rescue.  No one was.

	"This is the last time, boy.  The last time I want to punish you like this."

	"Liar!"  Chris accused in a loud voice.  "You like to hurt me.  You get off on it."

	He struggled to break free of his bonds, but only succeeded in further exciting 
Ivan.  Ivan caught Chris by the back of the neck and held his hair tightly.

	"Be still boy and apologize.  I do like to hurt you, but not to punish you."

	"I don't understand."

	"I know."  

	Ivan bent his head downward to capture Chris's mouth with his own.  Out of both 
fear and love, the young man returned the kiss with a skill and ardor he didn't possess 
before he met Ivan.  Captivity under the extreme emotional and physical duress 
imposed by Ivan's "training" had twisted Chris's sanity until he now had the love/hate 
relationship with his captor known as the Stockholm Syndrome.  Pleasing Ivan was no 
longer just a matter of the fear of punishment, but also a burning need to please his 
captor.

	Chris found himself wanting the kiss, wanting to give into his master's desires.  
He was tired of fighting, tired of rebelling.  Why had he tried to run away?  It seemed 
important at the time, yet the urge to escape was fading as Ivan's desire for Chris 
increased.

	Ivan had changed his grip and was lightly holding Chris's hair.  He abruptly pulled 
back and Chris looked at Ivan through glazed eyes.  He had invoked his will over the 
young man, for Chris there was nothing but Ivan.  The vampire bit his own wrist and 
pressed the bloody wound to Chris's lips. 

	"Drink, boy," he pushed lightly and Chris tried to fight the compulsion.  Instead, 
he bit into Ivan's wrist and caused more blood to enter his mouth.  While Chris lapped at 
the wound, Ivan spoke to him.  "That's right.  Do you understand now?"

	Swallowing gave him a profound sense of relief and so he did.  His master 
wanted him to drink, to be one with him.  It was a gift.  He should want this.  Shouldn't 
he?  Yes, because his master was with him, becoming a part of him.

	"You see, Chris, I don't want to punish you."  Ivan's voice was weaving a spell 
between them, his blood further bonding them together.  Chris's will had once been 
strong, but now it wasn't strong enough.  Ivan was chanting, securing his power over the 
young magician.  "My blood in your blood, your blood in my blood, my desire is your 
desire.  You are my pet.  You are with me, because I want you here.  Your only desire is 
to please me always."

	Gently, Ivan removed his wrist from Chris's mouth.  Chris licked his lips, the 
coppery flavor soothing.  A finger under Chris's chin caused him to raise his eyes.  His 
master looked sad.  Chris had hurt him somehow, but he couldn't remember what he 
had done.

	"Say it, Chris.  You're sorry you called me a liar and you won't run away again."

	"I'm sorry, master.  I'm here to please you." 

	"Yes, you are.  Let's get your punishment out of the way."

	Chris tilted his head in confusion.  "Punishment?  You have to punish me?"

	"Yes, boy.  To remind you that you don't ever want to leave me.  Bad things 
happen to you when you try to leave me."

	Mind clearing, Chris heard the menace in his master's voice, saw the anger in his 
eyes.  What had he done?  He'd tried to escape!  The afternoon escapade came 
rushing back into his consciousness and Chris shook with terror.  Ivan stalked across 
the room and chose a heavy bullwhip.

	"No, please, Master, not that!"  His voice cracked with his hold on sanity.  Before 
there had been Ivan and his kiss, now there was nothing but unbridled fear.  Chris was 
terrified that Ivan would beat him to death.  He struggled in his bonds, but he wasn't 
going anywhere.  "I'll be good!"

	Saying nothing, Ivan swung the whip.  Chris screamed and begged for 
forgiveness, for his life, for mercy.  Ivan shook his head and drew back for another blow.  
The second blow had Chris screaming at the top of his lungs.  Gasping for air and 
seeing spots before his eyes, he began to hyperventilate.   

	Ivan stepped forward and nuzzled Chris's neck.  His large body pressed against 
Chris's back, effectively holding him in place.

	"Hush, breathe," Ivan whispered.  "Shhh, it will be over soon.  You won't try to 
leave me again.  Will you?"

	Chris shook his head, "No, Master."

	"Eighteen more, then I'll put you on the table.  I won't even make you count."

	Eighteen?  He'd never make it.  Ten was the most he'd ever managed from this 
particular whip.  Chris looked forward and tried to still his body, to keep the terror at bay.  
Eighteen.  Shit!

	Ivan waited until Chris quieted then stepped away.  He raised the whip and hit 
him again.  For the next eight blows, Chris hollered, begged, moaned and pleaded with 
Ivan.  After that, Chris couldn't scream anymore.  He struggled for air, unable to bear 
the whipping with grace.  The vampire was relentless, his arm never faltering, the blows 
raining faster and faster.  Chris lost count at fifteen and fainted.  

	After the eighteenth blow, Ivan cleaned the blood from Chris's back with his 
tongue.  Treating the areas he licked with his curative saliva, he made sure that all the 
broken skin was closed and healing before untying his slave and spreading him on the 
punishment table.  

	Mina and Lucy, his two pain loving female slaves, were happy to help punish 
their slave brother.  They couldn't understand why Chris had tried to run away again.  
They took great pleasure in securing him on the table and readying him for the next 
phase of his punishment.

*****************

	That was over an hour ago.  Ivan was content to watch while the girls tortured 
Chris.  He had passed out twice more, only to be revived with smelling salts.  Gleefully, 
the girls dripped more wax and slapped at Chris's shaft.  He jerked and shook his head, 
but the one slapping his cock didn't have any pity.  Instead, she pinched a ball sac and 
Chris screamed into the gag.  Ivan stepped forward and held Chris in place.  One large 
hand on either side of his face kept him from moving and simultaneously intensified the 
punishment.

	I will never ever run away again, Chris thought.  Why doesn't he just kill me?  I'll 
never learn to please him.  I'm nothing to him, worthless.  I deserve this.  A glob of wax 
hit Chris's armpit.  No, I don't.  I don't want to be here.  

	Looking down at his reluctant slave, Ivan hissed.  The young man was too thin.  
To keep him from fighting and his energy low, rarely did Ivan let Chris eat more than 
once a day.  He motioned to the girls and they stepped back.  His hand wandered over 
Chris's wax covered torso.

	"Should I let them continue?"

	Chris shook his head, whimpering, trying to tell Ivan he was sorry.  He just 
wanted to go home and ... 

	"You are home, boy," Ivan interrupted, reading his thoughts.  His voice was 
mesmerizing, compelling Chris to listen.  "You don't like sleeping with me anymore?  
You don't like cuddling with me, hmmm?"

	Chris refused to answer.  Ivan was playing the soft and loving master, the one 
that Chris actually liked.  Maybe he wasn't playing.  Maybe his demon had taken over 
Ivan and told his other half to end the punishment.  But it wasn't fair.  He didn't want to 
be here.  Given the choice of spending the night being punished in the dungeon or 
kneeling at Ivan's feet, he would choose kneeling every time.  He was no masochist.  
He couldn't understand how anyone liked to be hurt.  Neither did he understand the 
sadistic streak in Ivan or the girls.

	"Chris?"

	Slowly Ivan removed the gag.  Chris worked his mouth while Ivan gently 
massaged his cheeks.  The fucking machine revved into high gear and Chris's 
tenderized groin pressed into the tight harness.

	"Please, Master, make it stop!"

	Ivan put his hand over Chris's mouth and gestured to the girl closest to the 
machine.  She picked up a bottle of lubricant and squirted it over the dildo as it moved in 
and out of him.

	"Better?"  Ivan asked and Chris nodded his head.  "I want you to come for me 
like this.  Show Mina and Lucy that you can obey me."

	Ivan deftly unleashed Chris's genitals and tossed the offending harness to the 
floor.  As if on cue, the machine slowed its pounding.

	"Lucy, Chris is going to need help.  Mina, you, too."

	Lucy stepped closer.  In her hands was a long, thin bamboo cane.  Eyes wide, 
Chris whimpered into Ivan's hand, but his master only smiled.  

	"Not too hard, Lucy.  My boy doesn't like the pain."

	Mouth twisting into an evil grin, Lucy slashed at his chest.  She was going to beat 
the wax off his skin and probably some of his skin, too.  Chris screamed.  The sound 
was muffled by Ivan's hand, yet loud enough to please her.  Lucy laughed and Mina 
bent down taking his cock into her mouth.  The combined pleasure/pain was increased 
as Ivan turned a knob on the machine.  The dildo plowed into Chris and Mina sucked 
him keeping pace with its thrusts.  Every time he came close to climaxing, Lucy would 
hit him with the cane, thwarting his attempt.

	Ivan watched Chris struggling, knowing he was prolonging his own torture by 
refusing to release his mind and enter subspace. 

	"Chris, surrender to me.  Let it go."

	"Trying ... " Chris mumbled through clenched teeth.  It felt like his cock was going 
to explode.  He was so close to coming then the swish of the cane would rip his mind 
back to the pain at his chest.  "Please, Master ... have mercy."

	"Mercy," repeated Ivan.  "Perhaps."

	He turned off the machine and motioned for the girls to step away.  Chris panted, 
his body gleaming with sweat. 

	"You're afraid to lose control," Ivan stated.

	"Yes, Master," Chris agreed.  "Please don't let me hurt them."

	"You won't."

	"How can you be so sure?"

	Ivan smiled.  "Because I know you, Chris.  You live by your oath to harm none.  
The girls are safe in your presence."

	"But ... "

	"Shhh, no arguments."

	Ivan unshackled his arms and legs.  Shaking, Chris climbed off the table and 
kneeled before him.  The ache in his groin matched the aches in his body.  When Ivan 
didn't move, Chris crawled forward and kissed his master's hard erection.  Ivan knelt 
down and clutched his slave's hair.  He kissed him roughly, one hand behind his head, 
the other stroking his slave's cock.  

	Chris willingly thrust himself into his master's grip and surrendered.  They were 
both on their knees, lips locked, Ivan stroking Chris and Chris doing the same to him.  
The giant was gentle with his slave, driving him further and further toward the ecstasy 
that had been denied him earlier.  Ivan broke the kiss and drove his fangs into Chris's 
neck.  The pleasure became unbearable.  Chris spilled his seed.  Waves of raw energy 
burst forth, coursing into Ivan.  Ivan drank them in along with his blood, until Chris 
slumped against him.

	Gathering Chris in his strong arms, Ivan licked the wound closed.  One 
obsession dealt with, another to go.  The bisexual vampire lusted after the young man 
nearly as much as he wanted the Amazon.  Chris's energy relaxed his demon, sated his 
violent nature, but it didn't last.  Soon he would begin craving another fix from the young 
man.  Then another.

	Sighing, Ivan picked up Chris and carried him to Ivan's second floor bedroom.  
The girls silently followed.  Chaining Chris's wrist to the bed frame, Ivan told the girls to 
clean Chris and to be gentle with him.  He emphasized the word gentle and they 
nodded.  They knew better than to punish Chris without permission.  If Ivan wanted 
gentle, they would obey.  They were to call Ivan when he woke.  Ivan wanted to feed 
Chris by hand and reinforce his slave's place was at his side.

	Unknown to the girls, they were being returned to the slaver, Dimitri, from whom 
they had been purchased.  Ivan was preparing for a new acquisition and he had thinned 
his stock down to three.  By tomorrow, only Chris would be at his side.  It would be a 
loss.  Mina and Lucy had proved to be delightful pain sluts, but there would be other 
girls he could name Mina and Lucy and only one Chris.  His new acquisition would take 
up most of his time and Chris would be a valuable asset in her training.  It was the major 
reason the young mage had been acquired.  That Chris's energy fed Ivan's demon had 
turned out to be a surprise benefit.

	Chris moaned and Ivan hurried back to his side.  He waited to make sure the boy 
wasn't in too much pain, that the girls didn't hurt him on purpose.  Reading their 
thoughts, he knew they hadn't.  

	Ivan stroked his slave's face, gently caressing him, like a considerate lover.  He 
wanted him well rested and recovered before their next play session.  When Chris didn't 
stir, Ivan headed to the kitchen to deal with his servants.  It was the younger butler's 
turn to be punished for letting Chris take his uniform.  No rest for the wicked, Ivan 
thought as he stalked downstairs. 




CHAPTER SEVENTEEN 

	
The blonde woke and stretched in her comfortable bed.  Disoriented, she surveyed her 
surroundings.  She decided she was still dreaming, because nothing made sense.  She 
was in an old-fashioned dungeon cell with thick bars that spanned from floor to ceiling.  
The bars were spread apart wide enough for her to look out, but not enough for her to fit 
through.  

	Outside, in a larger room, were antique devices of torture and a clean, well-lit 
space that held the latest in bondage toys and gear.  In contrast, her cell floor was 
carpeted and the bed had a soft mattress, flowery sheets and a down comforter.  A 
small table held a pitcher of water and a clean glass.  Up against one of the walls of 
bars, was a wooden bookshelf filled with romance novels and a chair next to her bed 
looked inviting.  The perfect place to read while she waited for ... what?   

	It didn't matter.  She buried herself under the soft quilt and tried to sleep, to 
dream herself to another place.  Her bladder forced her to get out of the warm covers 
and she searched for a chamber pot.  Instead, she found a door that led to a modern 
bathroom with a large combination bathtub/shower.  

	Idly, she wondered if she was still dreaming, because she certainly didn't 
remember this place.  But what did she remember?  She didn't even know her own 
name, yet her reflection seemed familiar.  Blond hair, brown eyes, yes that was 
definitely her face.  Now if she could only remember who she was.  Did she care?  No, it 
didn't matter, because the love of her life would come for her and take her away from 
these dreams. 

	On the mirror was a list and she studied it carefully.  The handwriting was bold, 
masculine, with a sense of outrageousness.  

	Your Master Says You Must:
		Be a good slave 
		Always obey him in all things
		Brush your teeth and hair
		Clean yourself often
		Wear whatever he's left for you
		Eat whatever he gives you
		Satisfy him completely
	And please try to remember that your name is Vixen!

	The last part was in a different handwriting as if the whole list was a joke.  Yet the 
list was vaguely familiar and she read it again.  Be a good slave.  Yes, she knew how to 
do that.  There wasn't anything on the list that she didn't think she could do.  Besides, it 
was only a dream.  

	Vixen?  The name didn't sound right.  Well, it was her dream.  Maybe she liked 
the name Vixen.  Smiling, she relieved herself and turned on the water in the shower.  
When it was warm, Vixen stepped in and washed herself.  

	A pair of invisible hands stroked her shoulders and she flinched in surprised.  

	"Let your master touch you."

	The voice softly spoke into her mind.  Two invisible hands traveled down her 
body and held her hips.  It felt as if strong arms were surrounding her and another pair 
of hands massaged her full breasts.  Soft kisses rained on her neck.  Vixen bent her 
head.  The kisses became rougher.  She started to squirm, but the arms and hands held 
her in place.  Panicking, she tried to call out for help, but no sound came.  She tried 
again and a hand covered her mouth.

	"You're not pleasing me."  

	The voice was angry, harsh and she heard growling.

	"Please forgive me, Master.  You frightened me," she thought and the hand over 
her mouth trailed down her throat, feathering the smooth skin.  Vixen felt her master's 
fangs rubbing back and forth over her neck.  She took deep breaths to calm herself and 
the hands resumed touching her.

	"That's it, Vixen.  Be still."

	She liked his soft voice.  It was soothing and hypnotic.  His mental touch left her 
wanting more.  There was an ache that started in her sex and spread quickly.  Her heat 
pooled low and her body tingled with longing.  His voice like his psychic hands touched 
her, set off triggers and made her feel wanton, sexy, aroused.  Swaying slightly, she 
thought about touching her master and heard him laughing.  

	The laughter wasn't in her mind nor was it pleasant.  It was bitter, filled with a 
combination of joy and anger.  It was disturbing, but she couldn't stop herself from 
wanting to see and touch him.  She had this overwhelming desire to please him, to do 
whatever he wanted, to be whatever he wanted.  It wasn't wrong for a slave to desire 
her master, was it?  

	Vixen turned her head.  He was behind her, in the bathroom, watching her with a 
hungry gaze.  The man was huge, a giant.  The leather outfit was a surprise.  Vixen 
hadn't pictured him in leather.  But then again, she hadn't pictured him at all.  Vixen 
found him quite handsome and yet her master was as mysterious as this dream.  She 
knew nothing about him.

	"You're not dreaming, girl.  Do you know who you are?"

	"Your slave, sir?"

	"Very good.  Finish your shower and I'll feed you."

	"Yes, sir.  Would you like to join me?"

	"If I wanted to join you, I'd be in the shower.  Have you forgotten everything about 
me again?"

	Vixen nodded and blushed.  His psychic hands and arms released her.  She 
kneeled in the shower, her head down.

	"I'm sorry, sir.  I don't know you, but I read your list."

	"That's a good start."  

	Ivan moved forward and placed his hand under her chin.  She raised her head, 
but kept her eyes lowered.

	"Very nice.  You haven't forgotten everything.  You may finish your shower."

	"Thank you, Master."

*****************

	Dressed in his favorite leather outfit, Ivan watched Vixen and thought about his 
plans.  He was prepared to punish her, to scare her into submission, but she had woken 
more pliable than usual.  More ready to please.  The longer he kept her, the less she 
struggled or tried to remember anything about herself. 

	Vixen lost her voice just days after he acquired her.  Ivan missed the sounds of 
her screaming and her moans of agony.  The beatings weren't as much fun, but they 
were still very pleasurable.  For now, he was content to take in her natural beauty.

	Her long blond hair was tucked into a shower cap and her round curvy body 
glistened in the water.  Vixen had a small triangle of golden hair over her sex, but the 
rest of her lower body was hairless.  Sometimes, Ivan shaved the hair away, but he 
often liked to pull and tug on it.  It pleased him to inflict pain and she was incredibly 
responsive.  

	Ivan liked her skin tan and most days Chris put Vixen in a tanning booth.  That is, 
most days when she was healed enough.  Ivan did like to leave marks on her body.  To 
keep her fit and toned, she had a daily regime of aerobic and weight lifting exercises.  
Every afternoon, Chris gave her an enema and washed her hair and body in the 
bathroom.  After which, she was fed and put to bed for a nap.  When Vixen woke, she 
was often confused and always forgetful.  It both frustrated and pleased Ivan, because 
each day they began their relationship anew.  

	She stepped out of the shower to dry herself and Ivan moved forward grabbing 
her arms.  Startled, she tried to back away and he held her in place.  

	"Did I say you could get out of the shower?"

	Vixen shook her head no.  The smell of her fear filled the room and Ivan was 
pleased indeed.  He spun her around, forcing her to bend over.  She lay passively with 
her stomach pressed into his bulky right thigh.  He spanked her wet bottom with his 
large hand.  The spanks stung, yet Vixen didn't fight.  Even when Ivan struck her hard 
enough to bring tears to her eyes, she kept her body limp and waited for him to finish.  
After what seemed like an eternity, her bottom throbbed from the blows and she began 
to shake.  

	The punishment was harder than she expected and his excitement overpowered 
her senses.  Vixen could feel his cock rising, straining against the leather, feel the 
monster in him raging at her mistake.  His hand was merciless, lowering to find new 
places to torment, smacking at her thighs.  She wanted to beg for forgiveness, instead 
she began to scream.  That she couldn't hear herself upset her as much as his 
spanking.  Was he always this cruel?

	Her thoughts and pain finally touched him.  Her head was upside down near the 
floor.  Vixen was clutching his left leg to keep from falling over.  Somehow, in his fury, 
he had thoroughly spanked her.  Her reddened bottom and thighs attested to his 
actions.  She had no idea how to keep from angering him further, yet her thoughts 
begged him to teach her how to please him.

	This was new.  Not her actions, Vixen often held him when she received her 
punishments.  However, this was the first time she begged him to teach her about his 
desires.  This Ivan liked very much.  

	"You always ask for permission if I haven't given you an order."

	He accentuated his decree with another smack to her bottom.

	"Understood?"

	"Yes, Master.  I need your permission to do anything."

	"That's right.  Now I want you to do something for me.  I want you to come."

	Ivan shifted so he was holding a breast in his left hand.  With his right hand, he 
widened her legs and stroked the soft lips of her sex.  Vixen closed her eyes and he 
squeezed her breast.  

	"You will come for me, won't you?"

	"Yes, sir.  Please let me touch you."

	"You have to earn that, girl.  Stay still for me.  As still as you possibly can."

	Vixen couldn't see him grinning.  Ivan knew she needed to wiggle.  He had 
punished her many times for her inability to stay still when he brought her to a climax.  
He pinched the bud of her sex and she jumped under his hand.  

	"You can do better than that," he mocked.  

	He pinched the bud again and she dug her heels into the carpeting.  His fingers 
began a slow exploration of her sex, strumming the folds, circling her clit and finally a 
finger pressed deep into her tight sheath.  Vixen rocked herself against his hand and he 
pinched a nipple.  The pain shocked her.  Struggling, she raised her head and he 
pinched her harder.

	"Hold still!"

	But Vixen couldn't.  She was trying to get away from his hand, her nipple in too 
much pain.  Pulling his finger from her wet sex, he began to spank the sensitive lips.  
The spanks weren't light.  They were hard and punishing.  Psychic hands held her in 
place and she began to sob under his attack.  The hands were more for emphasis than 
anything else.  She had already given up and was begging with her mind for mercy.  

	Enjoying her pain, Ivan spanked her breasts.  Back and forth, harder and harder, 
he spanked her.  Vixen twitched and jerked with each blow.  Her silent screams filled his 
mind and he became high off the sexual thrill of debasing her when she only meant to 
please him.

	Instead of fighting, Vixen managed to move her hands behind her back and raise 
herself.  She was half standing and half leaning, with her stomach still pressed against 
his bent right leg.  Vixen held her forearms tightly, pushing her chest forward.  Ivan 
thought he'd explode.  His submissive slave was in agony, hating the spanking and yet 
offering herself for more.  

	With his right hand, Ivan yanked off the shower cap and held her long hair in a 
tight fist.  He pinched a nipple.  She trembled from the pain and he pinched it tighter, 
crushing the pink bud.  Her eyes glazed over and her mouth widened into an "O" of 
agony.  Vixen was past screaming, past sobbing, nearly in a state of shock from his 
actions.  

	Ivan drew her ear closer to his mouth.  Tenderly, he nibbled on the earlobe, his 
lips and tongue slowly tasting, teasing, but the grip of his hands didn't loosen.  The taste 
of her fear and pain appeased his monstrous appetite.

	"This is how you please me, Vixen.  You suffer for me, give yourself to me and 
never, ever fight me."

	Ivan released her and she fell into him, forearms clenched behind her back.  He 
imagined the whimpering noises she would be making if she still had her voice.  His 
hand found her hair again and he rushed her forward, pinning her face and chest to the 
wall.  Something came over him that he didn't want to define, refused to acknowledge.  
His hands became gentle, his kisses soft and he pressed himself into her warm body.

	Her scent was wild, filled with the forest and flowers.  Vixen was aching, her body 
crying out to his, wanting to follow his earlier command.  The ache became his own and 
he had to have her, to claim her again.  It was never enough.  Ivan was obsessed with 
her.  Unsnapping the leather jock, he impaled her on his raging erection.  To his delight, 
she climaxed immediately.

	"That's it, Vixen.  Now come while I fuck you." 

	The tone was husky, needy.  No longer the master, Ivan was the slave to his 
slave.  He thrust into her, again and again, with sure long strokes.  Vixen pushed 
backwards and Ivan reached around her to massage her swollen clit.  His other hand 
pressed over her mouth and he drew her head back.  When she turned slightly to offer 
him her neck, his body clenched and tightened.  He bit into her throat and they climaxed 
together.

	Drinking slowly, Ivan held her in place.  The rush of her blood was better than 
any dessert, better than any fine wine.  Her fear, pain and release were all mixed into 
the taste and he wanted more.

	Vixen felt his fangs piercing her, the moment when he began to drink.  Her blood 
was rushing to the surface, her heart beating fast and yet it felt right.  He was her 
master, why not take everything she had to give?  Maybe he would take her life.  The 
thought should have terrified her, instead she welcomed it.  Welcomed the freedom that 
would come with no longer having to serve one who was too cruel.

	"You want me, Vixen.  Don't think about leaving me.  Ever."

	His mind reached deep into hers, taking every bit of will that she might have had 
left and implanted the need to live, to serve him for yet another day and then another.  

	"Have to live for you.  Master wants me to live for him."

	"Yes, Vixen, for me.  For my pleasure."

	Ivan drank until she could no longer stand, until she was limp in his arms.  
Satisfied, he licked her neck clean and inspected her skin.  It increased his pleasure 
that her bottom was bruising.  He spanked her again, just to feel the warm flesh under 
his palm.  


--- End Authorized Excerpt ---




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ruby Bloodstone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





