BDSM Library - S&M Clubbing




S&M Clubbing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Written in first person about a female subs journey through an S&M club.BDSM Clubbing Experience
Once in the club you see a hatcheck
    girl who is naked, she is taking The DOM/ME's jackets and the subs, like
  yourself, coats. 
As it becomes your turn you feel your heart pounding as you are about To
  take off your coat and you know what you are wearing under it. Your stomach
  has butterflies and your legs feel somewhat weak.  
&quot;Want me to help you with your jacket dear?&quot;  
This breaks into your thoughts and automatically you take off your Jacket
  and accept the token from the girl.  
&quot;Here I don't want you to loose it,&quot; and your master takes it from
  Your hand and clips it to your collar.  
Walking into the club you see yourself in the mirror and check out Your form.
  Hair in a pony tail, face painted like a cat, your tits are purple from the
  rope bindings your master has tied each with........in fact your nipple looks
  about a mile long and are very sensitive.  
Your stomach is wrapped in saran wrap and looks flat and enticing, while
  your bush is shaved into an arrow pointing towards your pussy. It's your pussy
  that is most adored as your master has pierced each of your pussy lips with
  a stainless steel ring, and hooked each ring to the strap on your thighs. As
  you walk your pussy lips are open for all to see your clit bell that is attached
  to your clit. Gentle tinkling is what you hear as you walk, drawing attention
  to your pussy.......showing it off to the world.  
The only other things you wear are your wrist and ankle sheep skin cuffs
  that will allow you to be bound that much quicker, your butt plug with tail,
  and of course your collar.  
It's the collar that gives you the most support as you know this is protection
  against all others, as it signifies that you are owned by your master.  
With a tug on your leash you follow your master to a table where several
  other DOM's &amp; DOMME's are sitting. All their subs are on the floor right
  now, at their master's feet, and you join them.  
The floor feels sticky and dirty on your naked skin but it also offers you
  someplace to get your nerves under control.  
As your eyes adjust you see the other 4 subs under the table with you, 3
  females and 1 male, you see how they are dressed by their masters.  
One is in black latex, from head to foot, and looks like a space creature.
  The suit she is wearing has goggles where her eyes should be, and a snout that
  allows her to breath through tubes. The snout she has on her head could also
  double for a dildo and let her face fuck someone if commanded, but it would
  mean she'd have to stop breathing for awhile.  
The only things exposed on her are her nipples and pussy lips.......she,
  like you has a large butt plug in her ass.  
The second has her hair cut into a Mohawk, and her arms tied behind her back
  with a sleeve. Her tits are jutting out, and her nipples are pierced with a
  chain going from each nipple to her clit, which is pierced too. Must be she's
  not used to this as she's moving very gingerly.  
The third female is wearing a leather and chain bodice, the makes her tits
  into a shelf.....she is also wearing a chastity belt, and leather mittens on
  her hands.....in her mouth is what appears to be a dildo gag.......to keep
  her quite, and to allow other things to be attached to the front of it, so
  she can pleasure others. This girl fights her restraints and wiggles somewhat,
  causing her mistress to occasionally slap her in the head with a riding crop.  
The male is wearing a belt, with his hands in cuffs attached to the belt
  at the waist. His cock is encased in several stainless steel rings, keeping
  his cock rigid and stiff.....but also making it unusable for any play as the
  rings are too big to fit into any woman. Wondering how he maintains his hard
  on......you see that he has a clamp at the base and it keeps the blood trapped
  in his cock.....the purple color of it, must mean that it's a constant source
  of pain.  
But then your tits are purple and they no longer hurt, as they are more dulled
  than in pain.  
A tug on your leash pulls you out from under the table.......walking behind
  your master, you are lead to a stage with a turntable on it.  
&quot;Lie down and assume the cross position.&quot;  
Without any disobedience you do so, knowing that now you are complimenting
  your master as well as yourself by showing how good your training is. But inside
  you are scared, feeling the eyes of everyone in the club on you.  
Your left arm is attached to a shackle over your head, your legs are attached
  to shackles, and your right arm is attached to a shackle between your legs,
  your hand lays on top of your pussy.  
Once attached you think to yourself that this isn't too bad, until the attachment
  points your left arm and legs are slowly being spread apart.....wondering when
  they'll stop you feel the butt plug being driven deeper into your ass from
  the pressure of the table you are lying on.  
As you legs near the &quot;splits&quot; moment the pulling stops.  
You concentrate on not letting your muscles cramp.  
Looking up you see a mirror that shows you not only yourself spread wide
  for all to see, your pussy gaping open, but also the crowd and their reactions.  
&quot;Now you are going to masturbate for us, but don't let yourself cum
  until you've asked for and gotten permission to cum. You'll have to watch the
  mirror because your cumming will be dictated by the THUMBS UP or THUMBS DOWN
  of the crowd and majority rules. Thumbs up you cum, thumbs down......hold it.
  You may stop for no more than 30 seconds each time you are ready to cum......a
  buzzer will count down the seconds.&quot;  
&quot;Since I know this is a perspective change for you, THIS is what Thumbs
  up looks like in the mirror for you, and THIS is what Thumbs down looks like
  in the mirror. You will commence now and continue until I say otherwise.&quot;  
Turning his back on you, the table started to rotate and your fingers find
  your clit and start manipulating it. with your legs spread out the clips attached
  to your pussy lips and your thighs your pussy is wide open, you wonder if they
  can see your lungs. But as your fingers find your clit, your pussy gushes with
  a promise of excitement.  
The scene, the excitement, the openness of your pussy all cause you to build
  quickly to an orgasm. Feeling yourself on the brink you ask, &quot;MASTER MAY
  I CUM?&quot;  
Looking up in the mirror you see all thumbs down........and you stop for
  a second, trying to let the feeling slow down....to let it stop. An electronic
  beeping is taking place and you hear it change pitch at every 10 second mark.....next
  one, and your fingers start to move on your clit.  
Looking into the mirror you watch your body, and try to do math in your head
  to keep from building too quickly into an orgasm. But the sight of your purple
  tits, the nipples standing so erect, your bush under your hand, and the gap
  of your pussy, knowing that all eyes are on you......everyone is looking to
  you to provide the entertainment, brings you quickly to the brink again.  
&quot;MASTER MAY I CUM?&quot; Looking around, it looks like about 50/50 with
  thumbs up and down.....not wanting to let your master down you stop, lest you
  disappoint or embarrass him in front of this gathering. Hearing the beeping
  noise you concentrate on your breathing....hoping to calm the wetness and desire
  that is filling your body.  
Too soon the beeping stops, and you start again, but it's not enough time,
  you feel yourself building too quickly, your stomach muscles are bunching and
  this one is going to be a landslide, you know it....trying to slow your fingers
  down you scream out, &quot;MASTER MAY I CUM?&quot;.  
Looking up you see what appears to be a few thumbs more up than down and
  you release yourself, your pussy tries to contract and you feel the tug of
  your pussy lips as they try to close over that imaginary cock, and you actually
  feel yourself spurting as you really are physically shooting your cum out onto
  the bench. A small trickle of your own cum runs down your crack to the buttplug/tail
  in your ass and you feel your sphincter muscle contracting around the butt
  plug, enjoying the feeling of even that.  
The noise of someone moaning and groaning enters your ears and you are surprised
  to hear it's coming from you.  
As you come down from your high, you realize that you have not been given
  permission to stop masturbating, so you continue to move your fingers over
  your highly sensitive clit.  
&quot;Stop now my little fuck slut.&quot;  
Stopping immediately is unexpectedly harder than ever, but you obey, fearful
  of letting your master down.  
&quot;Time to see if we can make this more interesting.&quot; Following your
  master are several slaves.  
The first is a woman sub who has her pussy lips pierced to the side of her
  thighs, her pussy is even more gapping than yours.  
The second is a woman with an o-ring gag in her mouth and both arms tied
  so that her hands are in front of her tits. She wears a spreader bar at the
  knees keeping her in a squatting position.  
The third is the girl with the snout, but she's had an attachment that makes
  the snout even more dildo looking.  
The fourth is the woman in the dildo gag with her arms tied behind her back
  and a 8&quot; dildo sticking out of her mouth-gag.  
You feel your arms &amp; legs released and you slump as the circulation seems
  to be screaming through your muscles.  
 From the ceiling you see a metal ring that is large enough for your entire
  stretched out body to fit into.  
AS the ring gets closer you feel both arms attached to latches at one end,
  while your feet are attached at the lower end. Not feeling too uncomfortable
  you then realize that the ends are being shoved around the ring to click into
  detents that keep your body stretched to the limit. Again, you feel yourself
  doing the splits, open to the world.  
The ring is then hoisted with you hanging from the 4 points of your limbs.
  Sagging a bit at the middle, until the ring is slowly brought up and you are
  now on display for everyone, seeing all as your head comes up, you feel the
  blood rushing away and you get dizzy, either from the blood or the sensation.  
The ring now rotates and you are upside down, and wondering what is next.  
&quot;Now my little fuck toy, you've done such a good job of cumming for
  us, that we are going to use you as the center piece in this little tubule.
  You may cum as often as you like, but you cannot get down until each of the
  other girls servicing you also gets to cum. Each time one of them cums they
  switch positions. So work well my little fuck toy.&quot;  
Placing the woman with the snout dildo in front of you, you feel your master
  pointing towards your pussy, the snout girl nods her head.  
The Butt plug / tail is pulled from your ass and you feel barren without
  it. But then you feel the dildo of the girl with the mouth gag go into your
  asshole.  
The girl with the o-ring gag is brought to one of your tortured nipples.  
The last girl, the one you've come to call the pierced lady, is bringing
  her pussy to your mouth. Up close it looks even more painful as there are pins
  that are holding the skin open, you know that you'll have to be careful not
  to poke yourself.  
&quot;Commence&quot;.  
One word but suddenly you find breathing hard as the pierced lady puts her
  pussy into your mouth, and with a gasp you feel both your asshole and pussy
  being invaded, with your nipples more tender than you've believe the sharp,
  course tongue brings you to a heightened sense of delight, and before you know
  it, you are gasping as you feel an orgasm building, but the poor snout girl
  is fucking your and as she breathes out you feel her breath deep inside you,
  almost like she's cumming inside you. Thinking about her tasting your musky
  cum inside her helmet sends you over the edge and you scream into the pussy
  that you are licking.  
Shaking your head you find yourself caught on one of her needles on the side
  of your mouth. Slowly you pull back and then continue on, but the fucking in
  your ass and pussy is intense and you find yourself falling into that hole
  and having another orgasm, as you lick for all you are worth on this pussy
  that is in front of you, and suddenly the pussy in front of you starts to gush
  as it too cums, filling your mouth with her musk and scent.  
&quot;SWITCH&quot;  
Just that quickly you find that the &quot;dildo girl&quot; is now offering
  you her pussy, and her dildo is taken off her mouthpiece and another is replacing
  it.  
She seems younger and her pussy tastes less tart, as the snout girl now is
  relegated to your asshole...how is she going to get that huge cock in my ass?  
The o-ring girl has a double headed dildo shoved in her mouth, and the pierced
  girl now is poised over your nipples.  
&quot;COMMENCE&quot;  
Suddenly your asshole feels like it's stretched beyond all limits as the
  snout goes deep into you, and you feel her breath coming hard in your colon,
  and you work fast to try to get the dildo girl off, as the other two work on
  your body.  
Shuddering you wonder if you are being torn up inside, but the only way to
  get out of this is to proceed, and the only good thing about this is the pussy
  you are eating tastes so wonderfully nice. Too soon it seems but she cums also.  
Each time you hear the commands, each time you eat a fresh pussy, each time
  you know that you are doing this solely for the pleasure of others.  
Suddenly your realize that you are done.....your jaws ache and your pussy
  and asshole feel like both are gapping open. But, you've had numerous orgasms,
  and each was better than the last.  
Slowly the ring on which you are mounted is raised up till you are upright,
  looking at the crowd.  
You notice that several of the patrons seem to be holding lit candles, but
  what for? Your master walks forward.  
&quot;Show your feelings towards tonight's show.&quot;  
Each DOM or DOMME comes forward. The first takes out a $20 bill and holding
  it against your purple tit, drips wax onto the bill and your skin.........the
  sting makes you jump but no yelp escapes your lips.  
The next come up without a candle and goes behind you, taking a large whip,
  you feel the crack as the first stroke falls on your naked ass, it stings more
  than the wax and instantly brings tears to your eyes, as 5 more strokes fall
  in either your back or ass.  
Wondering why he did that, you see the next one come up with a candle. Now
  you know the game, candle signifies they liked the show, whipping means it
  needed something else. But why whip me? I haven't done anything bad? I gave
  them all I could, and it wasn't like it was my idea?  
Pondering this doesn't make the pain any less, nor does it slacken the wetness
  coming out of your pussy, as sometime during your last whipping a large drop
  of your pussy juice fell out of your pussy onto the floor.  
Finally the crowd has all come up and your master comes along last. Looking
  you in the eye, you see he is proud of you and at least you know he appreciates
  your efforts.  
Turning his back on you, he turns to the crowd, &quot;Thank you for participating,
  I relinquish the ring to another now.&quot;  
And with that he lowers you down, unbinds your hands and takes you in his
  arms, carrying you back to the entrance you feel him fumbling with your collar
  as he takes your coat claim tag from you and gently puts your coat back on.  
Stumbling you walk to the car and get in, feeling the crackling of the money
  and wax on your body, and the pain of the welts on your back and ass.  
Getting in you slump against the door knowing that you are safe, secure and
  in the power of your master.  
With a warm glow inside you sleep as he drives you home, to rest till the
  next time.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Vegasmaster41


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





