BDSM Library - Spin The Bottle




Spin The Bottle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A few drinks after a fancy dress party leads to a game of the spin the bottle with a difference! Spin The Bottle &oelig; By VaVaVoom    
The taxi pulled over at the side of the road and Jen and Zoe got out
    while Jake paid the driver.  
  They had been to the football clubs fancy dress presentation evening.  
  As Jake got out of the taxi and picked up his cane, to his head masters costume,
  the two  
  eighteen year olds stood there giggling and whispering. Jen was dressed in
  a school uniform  
  comprising of short black skirt with splits up either side and white sheer
  blouse, black bra and a  
  school tie, while Zoe wore a police women's outfit, this consisted of a black
  knee length skirt,  
  white shirt, chequered cravat, police woman's hat, truncheon and handcuffs.
    Jake being one of the senior players on the team, but whom was still only
    25, had offered the  
  pair a lift home after Zoe's brother, a team mate of Jake's, had left her at
  the club to go into town  
  with fellow players. They all lived in the same village so it wasn't like Jake's
taxi was going out of its way.   
Jake was just about to say good night to the girls, but before he
    could speak, Zoe cut him up and  
  said   
&quot;The night is still young why don't we come back to your place
  for a drink or two?&quot;   
How could Jake resist the pair stood there dressed so sexily.   
&quot;Why not&quot; Jake responded.   
The girls carried on giggling and whispering as they walked the short
    distance to Jake's house.  
    
Once there Jen made herself at home on the sofa while Jake opened
    a bottle of wine, Zoe  
  grabbed the largest wine glasses she could find before joining Jen on the sofa.
    Jake then poured the wine, emptying its contents between the three glasses.  
    
Zoe and Jen giggled and whispered as they drank their wine, about
    half way down their glasses,  
  Zoe stood up and grab the bottle and announced  
&quot;Lets play spin the bottle&quot;.  
    
Jen then added &quot;The two people who the bottle lands on have to
    kiss&quot; before turning and winking  
  at Zoe.  
    
Jake was not going to argue as the two girls sat on the floor motioning
    for him to join them.  
    
As Jake sat down, Jen grabbed the bottle and span it, it slowed down
    and pointed slightly to  
  Jen's left, &quot;that's me she announced&quot; with a smile She grabs it again
  and spins it, this time it landed on Zoe to Jen's surprise. Jake just sat there
  as they leant towards each other and passionately kissed for a minute or so.
Jake looked like he'd won the lottery.   
After breaking their kiss Zoe grabbed the bottle and spun it this
    time it landed on Jake, both girls  
  eyes lit up, Zoe then quickly set the bottle in motion again, and to her delight
  it landed on her.   
Zoe slowly crawled over to Jake, looking up at him with sexy eyes,
    Jake grabbed her by the waist  
  and pulled her towards him and they wildly kissed for sometime.  
    
The game carried on with the three of them all kissing each other
    in various combinations, all  
  were very turned on.  
    
Upon Jake's return from the fridge with more wine, Zoe announced that
    the kissing was getting  
  boring and that they should do something a bit more risqu&eacute;.   
&mdash;Like what?" asked Jen. 
&mdash;Well how about the couple who the bottle lands on have to act out a scene
or something based  
  on there fancy dress characters chosen by the person whom the bottle didn't
  land on!"  
  Zoe said.  
    
Jake started to get turned on with the endless possibilities he could
    get the girls to do, but he  
  also wanted to take a back seat in the arrangement of the start of the game.
    Jen wasn't to sure about the idea, but after a few whispered words from Zoe
  she soon agreed.  
Jake, then asked 
&mdash;What sort of things can be asked?" 
&mdash;Anything" Zoe replied with an evil smile 
&mdash;Anything" retorted Jake
&mdash;Yes anything" Zoe confirmed, and then she said &mdash;So we are all agreed
  anything goes?"  
Jake and Jen looked at each other, not wanting to be killjoys, before
    both agreeing.  
  Zoe sat down and waited for the others to join her, Jen slowly sat down unsure
  of what she might  
  have to do, while Jake stood there in a daze still thinking of what he could
  get the girls to do!  
    
Zoe ordered Jen to spin the bottle, she did and it final stopped pointing
    back at her, Jen's face looked very nervous, as Zoe started
    the bottle spinning again. 
  To Jake's delight it stopped pointing at Zoe, he could hardly hide his excitement
      visible though  
  his costume.  
  
&mdash;This is going to be fun" exclaimed Jake, while still deciding
    at what the girls should do.  
  Minutes later Jake broke the silence and said  
&mdash;Jen the naughty school girl has been caught shop lifting and is arrested
by Zoe the Policewoman.  
&mdash;And what" came Zoe's excited response.  
&mdash;And she is to strip search the naughty school girl, and then the naughty
school girl is to beg to be freed. The policewoman is to give the naughty
school girl the option of prison or licking out the policewomen. The naughty
school girl chooses to pleasure the policewomen. The policewoman then cuffs the
naughty school girl's hand behind her back and has her pleasure her."  
Zoe really like's the idea of dominating her friend and can't wait to start.
  Jen of the other hand is turned on by the idea but also scared of how
  far Zoe might take the scene. 
  Jake then got up and sat on the sofa and prepared himself for the action to
  unfold before his  
  eyes.  
    
Zoe stood there opposite a scared looking Jen, with endless evil ideas racing
  around her head. Zoe then composed herself and got into her character before
  sternly saying &quot;So young lady you were caught shopping lifting on CCTV,
  so what do you have to say for yourself?&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry I won't do it again&quot; Jen said with a tremble in her
  voice, scared at how well Zoe was taking to her role.  
&quot;Your sorry, dressed in your school uniform like butter wouldn't melt
  in your mouth, trying to look innocent, but I can see through your innocent
  look. The question is have you got any other stolen items about you?&quot; Zoe
  said.  
&quot;No&quot; snapped Jen  
&quot;These only one way to find out, and that's to strip search you&quot; Zoe
  replied with a grin.  
Zoe then walked forward and began to unbutton Jen's school shirt, exposing
  her black bra, before slipping the shirt from her shoulders. Zoe then unhooked
  Jens bra and also slipped that off her. Zoe then walked around the back of
  Jen and handcuffed her hands behind her back.  
Jen shivered as she heard the click of the cuffs, noticing this Zoe leaned
  into Jens back and whispered in her ear &quot;Now the fun begins&quot;, Zoe
  then walked back around and stood in front of Jen. Zoe stood there pretending
  to think to heighten the anticipation. She final broke the silence and said  
&quot;Well there was nothing under your shirt, you must have hidden it under
  there&quot;, pointing at her skirt.  
Zoe quickly grabbed the side button to the skirt releasing its grip around
  Jen's waist causing the skirt to slide down her body to the floor. Leaving
  Jen standing in her thong.  
Zoe then mockingly said &quot;That's a slutty thong for an innocent girl
  is it not?&quot; Before Jen could reply Zoe grabbed a hand full of Jen's Hair
  and said &quot;Time for the slut to get naked&quot;  
With that Zoe tugged the thong roughly to Jen's ankles, before ordering Jen
  to step out of her thong and skirt. Zoe then picked up the thong and skirt
  and tossed it towards Jake's direction.  
Zoe then silently, carefully and calculated toyed with Jen's breast's before
  she painfully clamped her nipples between her index finger and thumb, she then
  calmly said &quot;Do you know what there'd do to a young girl like you in prison?
  You would be used and abused by the other inmates and the prison wardens' man
  and women.&quot;  
With that Jen began to beg not to be sent to prison she said  
&quot;Please don't send me to prison, I'll be a good girl and promise I won't
  do it again!&quot;  
&quot;I don't believe you, you wear slutty clothes and pretend to be innocent,
  who are you trying to kid? Anyway what would I get from letting you go? Nothing!&quot; Zoe
  responded.  
Jen replied back with &quot;Please I'll do anything, anything you want, just
  don't send me to prison&quot;  
&quot;Anything you say? Well let's see then! Zoe paused for a few seconds
  then continued &quot;Well as you're dressed like a slut, you might as well
  act like one! I want you to lick me out!&quot;  
Jen lowered her head before saying &quot;OK&quot; With that Zoe ordered Jen
  to kneel, as Jen got down on her knees Zoe walked over to the table and fetched
  a chair and brought it over to where Jen was kneeling. Zoe the put her left
  leg up on the chair moving her skirt up her body and pulling her thong to the
  side. She then looked menacingly at Jen, whom then started to shuffle forward
  on her knees; she then began to lap at the exposed pussy before her. After
  some minutes Zoe started to moan softly, she then grabbed the back of Jen's
  head forcing her tongue and mouth deeper into her pussy, this caused Jen to
  increase her effort and in turn renewed the pleasure Zoe was receiving, this
  was evident from the volume increase in Zoe's moaning, suddenly Zoe's body
  shook as her orgasm washed over her, Zoe then finally let go of Jens head after
  she had enjoyed her tongue for minutes after her orgasm had subsided. Jen knelt
  back onto her heels to reveal a mouth covered in Zoe's juices.  
After Zoe had fully calmed down from her orgasm she wanted to play another
  round. Jen slowly got dressed, while Jake fetched some more drinks. Zoe set
  the bottle in motion, to Jen dismay it stopped facing her again, Zoe then announced
  that because her and Jen, had just done one that she couldn't do another one
  with Jen so it was Jake's turn. Jen sat there in fear of what Zoe's twisted
  mind would concoct for them to act out. Zoe stayed quite for sometime with
  an evil smile across her face! She finally looked at Jen and said &quot;Jen
  the naughty school girl has been sent to the headmaster for flashing at the
  other students! The headmaster is to order the naughty school girl to show
  him what she was doing. He then decides a suitable punishment is 20 hits with
  the cane across a bare bottom as she bends over the dinning table. Then she
  is to receive 10 hits across her bare breasts with the cane while her hands
  are behind her head and pushing her chest out, final while in the same position
  she is to receive 10 hand spanks to the pussy. The headmaster is then to bend
  her over the desk and fuck her in the ass.  
Jen stood there shocked she couldn't believe her friend could be that evil
  to her. Jake on the other hand was very turned on by what Zoe had ordered.  
Jake startled Jen from her deep thoughts as he said  
&quot;So young lady what have you been sent to me for?&quot;  
Jen stood there still in shock  
&quot;Cat got you tongue? If you ignore me your punishment will be worse&quot; Said
  Jake with a smile  
&quot;I.... I was flashing at the other students Sir!&quot; Said Jen  
&quot;And what would make you do such a thing? Only little sluts act like
  that! Are you a little slut?&quot; questioned Jake  
&quot;No Sir&quot; came Jen's meek response  
&quot;Don't lie to me young lady! If you're not a slut then why were you
  acting like one? If you lie to me again your punishment will be doubled! I'll
  try again are you a little slut?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir, I'm a little slut&quot;  
Pleased with Jen's response Jake continued with the scene &quot;Well now
  we have got that sorted we can continue! Show me how you were flashing the
  other students&quot;  
Jen slowly lifted her skirt showing Jake her thong Jake then said &quot;My
  my that thong confirms your a slut, is that all you were doing?&quot;  
Jen shook here head, before unbuttoning her blouse and showing Jake her black
  bra thrusting her breast out towards him.  
&quot;Is that it?&quot; probed Jake once again  
&quot;No Sir, i did this as well&quot; with that she turned around and bent
  over exposing her pert bottom from under her short skirt.  
&quot;You have already admitted to being a slut, so I'm going to treat you
  and punish you like one! Now strip off all your clothes and then stand with
  your legs apart and hands behind your head! While I think of a suitable punishment&quot;  
Jen quickly discarded her blouse followed by her bra, she them unclipped
  the button to the side of her skirt, letting the skirt slip to the floor, she
  followed this by hooking her thumbs into her thong and sliding this down her
  legs before stepping out of the skirt and thong and kicked then to one side.
  Jen then assumed the position Jake had previously ordered her to take.  
All that time Jake and Zoe and been taking in the sight before them both
  thinking how she'd make a great slave.  
Jake left her standing for sometime, letting her get cold so her nipples
  became erect.  
Jake then said &quot;Right slut, as you flashed your ass, tits and pussy
  then these areas will receive punishment! You will receive 20 hits with the
  cane across your bottom, whilst bent over the table, you will receive 10 hits
  with the cane across your tits whilst in your current position and finally
  you will receive 10 hand hits to your pussy, again whilst in your current position!&quot;  
With that Jen slowly walked over to the table and bent over it ready to receive
  her first part of the punishment. Jake picked up his cane a walked over to
  the naked Jen bent over the table, he skilful ran the cane down Jen back sending
  shivers down her spine.  
Five quick swats and five red stripes appeared across Jen's bottom. Jake
  and Zoe were surprised that Jen had made little sound during the first five
  hits. Jake then continued this time administrating all the remaining 15 hits,
  this time Jen did responded to the hits, with short loud yelps.  
Jake then ordered Jen to assume the position but this time facing Zoe. Jen
  walked to the centre of the room rubbing her bottom as she walked. She then
  assumed the position facing Zoe as ordered.  
Jake then took up position to Jen's right hand side, and raised the cane
  an brought it down five times on Jen's right breast, ensuring the final blow
  caught Jen's erect nipple. He then slowly walked around to her other side and
  repeated the process again ensuring the final blow landed on her erect nipple.  
Jake then throws the cane down, and walks back round to her right hand side,
  before her ordered her spread her legs wider. He then proceeded to spank Jen's
  pussy, causing her to moan loudly.  
&quot;Ok Slut, time to ass fuck you like a true slut!&quot; Jake said Jen
  dropped her arms and walked over and bent over the table one final time. Jake
  moved in behind her and put his hand on he pussy collecting her juices and
  use's them to lubricant her arsehole ready to be fucked. Jake then parted his
  headmaster robe to reveal a firm erect cock, before sliding deep into Jen's
  ass. Waves of pleasure swept over Jen's body as Jake proceed to fuck the life
  out of Jen for 15 minutes before announcing he'd cum with a loud moan and shudder.  
Jake then wirily said &mdash;Time for bed for me, you two are welcome to
  crash on the sofa if you don't want to walk home, I'll get you some duvets
  if you want to stop?  
Zoe wanted to stay but sleep was the last thing on her mind, after earlier
  spotting Jakes camcorder, so she said  
&mdash;Yeah, we'll stop if it's not any trouble"  
&mdash;No trouble at all" Jake replied walking up stairs to fetch the duvets.  
Zoe looked over at Jen who was clean still horny from her scene with Jake.
  Jen looked back at Zoe a little uneasy with the way she was looking at her,
  but all she could think of was having an orgasm while she was so horny.  
Jake returned with duvets, and said good night before retiring back up stairs
  to his room and bed.  
After Jake had closed his bedroom door Zoe said  
&mdash;You want an orgasm don't you? Would you like me to lick you out? If
  you do it will cost you"  
Jen's submissive nature coupled with the fact she wanted her orgasm so bad,
  made her reply  
&mdash;Yes anything! What do I have to do?"  
Zoe licked her lips before saying  
&mdash;You are to do a sexy strip for me, and then you're to use the truncheon
  on yourself. But the whole time I'm going to record it on camcorder!"  
Jen was not that shocked at what Zoe had said it was mild compared the scene's
  she had done earlier. Her mind didn't not focus on the implications of being
  filmed she just wanted her orgasm.  
&mdash;Ok, I'll do it" Jen said as she stood up and walked to the centre
  of the living room. With that Zoe picked up the camcorder, turned it on and
  pointed it at Jen.  
Jen started to slowly dance and strip out of her school uniform once again.
  The whole stripping in front of camera increased her want for an orgasm. After
  she had stripped off her thong to leave her naked she walked over the table
  spun a chair around to face Zoe, and picked up the truncheon, she closed her
  eyes and slid the fake cock into her pussy, moaning loudly as she did. She
  then proceeds to work the truncheon in and out of her pussy before lowering
  her spare hand to stimulate her clit. It wasn't long before she was constantly
  moaning on the verge of orgasm, moments later her body tensed as her orgasm
  rippled through her body. Zoe thought to herself "your mine now' as Jen climaxed.
  As Jen final recovered from her orgasm she pick up a duvet and settled into
  one of the sofa's completely forgetting that Zoe was suppose to lick her out,
  happy with her own satisfaction. With that Zoe took the tape out of the camcorder
  and put it in her handbag for safe keeping, before grabbing the remaining duvet
  and getting on the other sofa.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  VaVaVoom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





