BDSM Library - Jailed




Jailed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young female police Officer is made swap places with another female young prisoner with their roles reversed.Officer Michelle Stone, a stunning young lady of just 28 years
      old a beautiful redhead who stands at just 5ft6 and comes in at a light
      115lbs. She has a lovely figure that her other co-workers would kill for
      and even envy her of her stunning firm well toned body and great 36c tits.    
Michelle was sitting at the desk reading some official papers in
      the Police stations office while just coming in on her shift as she worked
      the graveyard shift. For she was new on the force and had to work her way
      up to having a good paying day job. She cast a glance at her security screen
      monitors in front of which gave her a good look of all the cells in back
      of the Police stations holding area. As she glanced at the monitors she
      looked closely but seeing nothing out of the ordinary she closed her eyes
      and then went back to reading the days paperwork left by her colleagues
      from the day shift had let for her. After reading them over again she suddenly
      stopped becoming suspicious she quickly began going through all the files
      on the desk. That's impossible she thought this can't be there was a late
      arrival just before my shift.   
It seems that a young lady prisoner was brought in today right
      before the shift changed but there is no record of her being processed.
      As she looked on she could find no record of the new inmate even being
      finger printed or any mug shot photos taken nor was there and arrest report
      made when she was brought in. The only things found were a memo and arrest
      report with what is her name Jenny stating that she was arrested as being
      a prostitute. But there is no other real identification on or about her
      in the so called arrest form. This was just the chance I had been waiting
      for now I can prove to the Capt. That I'm a good Officer and will get a
      promotion for finding this mistake.   
After getting the proper paper work Michelle headed back into the
      prisoners cell area where Jenny was sitting in the far corner. Michelle
      ordered Prisoner Jenny to get up and follower her. With no response Jenny
      got up and moved over to the cell door and out as Michelle closed the door.
      Michelle looked with widened eyes and stood stunned as she stared right
      at prisoner Jenny she couldn't believe her eyes as to what she was seeing
      it was like looking into a mirror. As she shook her head still not able
      to believe how much prisoner looked just like her from head to toe was
      her twin. Prisoner Jenny you will follow me for some unknown reason the
      other Officers didn't do any of your paper work or processing so we will
      need to do it now so follow me. Jenny without question followed Michelle
      down the hall to the processing room where the prisoner photo mug shots
      were taken. Michelle then walked over to the machine and turned the computer
      on while waiting for it to warm up she ordered Jenny to strip all her clothes
      off and go stand up next to the wall. While Michelle was checking the camera
      and finger printing blotches she felt a nudge from behind her which startled
      her. When she looked around to her surprise there was Jenny standing totally
      naked behind her who she thought had just been in front of her seconds
      before. Jenny just stood there and reached up and began caressing Michelle's
      long red hair as they now both looked eye to eye. Michelle stunned could
      do nothing as the young woman took control. Michelle unable to move as
      Jenny continued to caress her lovely red hair both looking into each others
      eyes Michelle started to speak but Jenny put her finger over Michelle's
      mouth as she continued to caress her firm body. Stunned and partly paralyzed
      Michelle just stood there unable to move as Jenny all of a sudden reached
      up and over and kissed the surprised Officer on her open lips. What are
      you dooooing? The shocked Officer stuttered with uncertainty as she tried
      to speak but Jenny quickly put her finger over the stunned Officers lips
      and said "Pschschschsch"! Jenny said and kissed the poor Officer again
      and again. Jenny then slowly started to unbutton the paralyzed Officers
      blue uniform shirt button by button as she did she caressed Michelle's
      firm 36c breasts giving them a good squeeze and pinch before letting her
      shirt fall to the floor. As all this was happening it caused Michelle to
      let out low moans of pleasure as she worked her way on down to Michelle's
      gunbelt unhooking it and letting it drop to the floor as well. Jenny then
      moved back up again to Michelle's lovely breast and reached behind her
      and unclasped her bra strap letting it fall to on the floor and her full
      round firm globes sprang free. They were a beautiful site to Jenny who's
      were just as lovely as Michelle's as she inspected them seeing that she
      to had half dollar size areolas that were a dark pink in color and large
      eraser type nipples standing out all erect. Jenny couldn't help but reach
      up and pinch them causing Michelle to wince in pain as she twisted and
      pulled on them. Then she went back to work and slide her hand down to Michelle's
      blue trousers unbuttoning the fly and sliding her pants down her firm toned
      legs till they were around her ankles then did the same to her granny panties.
      Well love as Jenny thought to herself we'll need to do something about
      this and what's with this hairy bush "No this will not due". As Jenny step
      back away from the helpless Officer to see her results Michelle now also
      stood completely naked before her prisoner. "But who was the real prisoner
      here? As they both stood and looked at the other". Jenny then moved back
      up to Michelle and began kissing at her feet steadily working her way up
      to Michelle's hot moist love tunnel which was now quivering with excitement
      as her juices were flowing down her legs. Jenny moved up closer and started
      lapping up Michelle's juices as she took her fingers and parted her hairy
      cunt lips. She darted her tongue in and out of Michelle's hot moist hole
      this went on for several minutes till Michelle began twitching and jerking
      with convulsions from her first shattering orgasm that dropped her to her
      knees. Jenny whipped the cum from her lips and then ordered Michelle to
      come over and do her hot cunt for her Michelle was a bit over come hearing
      this but seeing that she had just gotten her cunt licked out she did as
      she was told and moved into position and began licking Jenny's slick cunt
      out. Michelle found that Jenny's cunt was not nearly as hairy as her own
      and that it only had a small narrow strip of hair that was closely trimmer
      just above her cunt none the less Michelle continued to eat Jenny's cunt
      after several minutes Jenny climaxed and came hard in Michelle's mouth
      which totally humiliated her but she did as she was told and licked and
      sucked all her cum clean from her prisoner. Jenny then had the weakened
      Officer stand again it was time to finish her off and get down to business.
      Jenny asked Michelle if there were any toys or things kept for the women
      prisoners personal needs lying around. Michelle pointed to a locker in
      the far corner of the room and told Jenny that there were many things in
      it. Jenny just laughed and thought to herself no not yet my little bitch
      but soon. Then while on her knees she again turned back to Michelle and
      began finger fucking and licking her out again. She thrusts her fingers
      into her and darted her tongue in and out of Michelle's hot moist box causing
      her to climax and climax several more times till finally Michelle passed
      out seeing only blackness as she fell to the floor beside Jenny. Jenny
      with and evil smile looked down at the unconscious helpless Officer's beautiful
      nude body who just and hour earlier was so powerful and demanding now was
      nothing more than weak lesbian cunt licker. As Jenny looked her prize over
      she noticed a few changes that needed to be made quickly. Jenny quickly
      ran into a back restroom that the other Officers used for processing the
      new prisoners she found just what she needed and returned with a razor
      and some shaving cream. She then rolled the semiconscious Officer over
      and spread her legs then proceeded to lather up her hairy cunt with in
      minutes Michelle's once hairy cunt was now shaven clean and bare. Jenny
      just laughed at the poor Officer there that's better now you want be needing
      this anymore either as she lifted up the semiconscious Officer to a sitting
      position half slumped over and with the scissors she found in the back
      she quickly cut off nearly all of Michelle's beautiful long red hair leaving
      now only a very short cropped redhead before her. With and evil grin on
      her face Jenny stood up and walked over and began putting Officer Michelle's
      clothes on. She started with her bra and panties then her navy blue pants
      and blue uniform shirt finally putting back on her gunbelt and assortments
      as well and her hat.   
Michelle in the mean time was just coming around from her little
      nap as Jenny the now former inmate helped a sluggish Michelle to her feet
      and over to the finger printing table. She took Michelle's shaky hands
      and quickly made her finger print sheets then again helped the now former
      Officer over to the wall where she ordered her to stand still until she
      was told her to move. Michelle still dazed and groggy did as she was told
      standing over by the wall Jenny quickly ran over to the camera and took
      several prisoner mug shots of Michelle that would now identify. Jenny ordered
      her to turn left and then to the right as she took more mug shots of her.
      Michelle still dazed looked at Jenny who was now wearing her uniform as
      her mind was starting to clear. Hey! What's going on here? What are you
      doing in my clothes? Before Michelle could say anymore Jenny rushed over
      to her grabbing a shock wand off the desk. As she did and quickly pinned
      Michelle up side the wall. As they stood there Jenny putting one hand over
      Michelle's mouth and the other with the shock wand she thrusts it up into
      Michelle's open tight pussy. Michelle eyes popped open as she felt the
      pain of the intruder pushed up inside her tight love tunnel just she tried
      to reach down and stop Jenny. The button was pushed and Michelle could
      do nothing as the voltage surged right through her causing her to draw
      her toes up against her soles of her feet and clench her fists. Jenny pushed
      the wand nearly 7or8"s up into Michelle's tight pussy as she mewed as the
      voltage continued through her body. She was finally unable to hold her
      water and relieved herself on the floor. Jenny just laughed and called
      her a nasty bitch which humiliated her even more. Then Jenny let the button
      go and told her little pet not to make another sound unless told to. Michelle
      nodded her head that she understood and Jenny released her grip on her.   
Now bitch this is how things are going to go you are no longer
      Officer Michelle take a good look sweetie who' s wearing the uniform. I
      am now you and you are me got it. I am the new Officer Michelle and you
      My Dear, are Jennybabe a powerless cunt licking little prostitute who was
      caught selling herself to everyone in town. You can't do this to me I'm
      a police Officer no actually your not according to your new identity I
      made for you earlier. You are now Jennybabe as I said your own finger prints
      and mug shots tell all who you are you horny little slut so get use to
      it. I'll tell the other Officer's on the dayshift you forced me to swapped
      places with you then stole my identity and made me your prisoner. They
      will never believe you and they might even send you to the local mental
      farm after that and really think your crazy. Now be a good little girl
      and get up so we can go over to the locker and see what all we have to
      work with. The former Officer is now lead over to the locker which is opened
      as they both look in. There are many items in it such as dildos,butt plugs,strap-on
      cocks,and even a blow up male doll.    
Michelle begs and pleads for the old Jenny not to do this to her.
      But Jenny just laughs and tells her to get a move on as she instructs the
      former police Officer to get some of the items out of the locker including
      the blow-up doll. Then she leads the former Officer naked down the hall
      and back to the holding cells carrying all the items they had just gotten.
      As they walked up to the cell door Jennybabe's old cellmate was waiting
      for her. She was a bigger woman but not that big she to was very lovely
      but had a brutish way about her being a bulldyke herself she stood a good
      6ft and weighted around 150 to 160lbs but none was fat it was all well
      toned muscle and she had long brown hair brown eyes along with her hairy
      pussy. As she sat over on the side bottom cell bunk naked with her legs
      spread wide fingering her hot moist cunt. She was moaning and groaning
      with pleasure when Jenny yelled out "miss me sweetie"? The other woman's
      eyes all wide with happiness as she saw Jenny and another naked woman standing
      at the front of the cell. See I told you I'd be back and look I brought
      you a new friend. The former Officer just held her head down and wondered
      what was going to happen to her next. Now you be a good little slut and
      get in there and help your new mistress and cellmate I trust you both will
      make excellent lovers. With that the former prisoner Jenny stuck the shock
      wand up between the now former Officer's legs and up till it barely touched
      up inside Michelle's moist pussy. Michelle let out a small whimper and
      was ordered by Jenny not to move as she unlocked the cell door then she
      pushed the former Officer into the cell and closed the door behind her
      locking it. Well you two have fun and owe here as she tossed the shock
      wand to her former cellmate this will keep her in her place. I hope you
      enjoy your stay my old cellmate there is going to teach you all you need
      to know in how to please a woman. So don't worry you want get lonely there
      are many other women who will want your new services here and I'll tell
      them all about you. As the new Michelle turned to walk away the tears rolled
      down the former Officer's cheeks. Then she heard her old cellmate give
      the order for Jennybabe to get down and start licking her overheated cunt
      that was now dripping with her love juices. She saw out the corner of her
      eye that the former Officer was now on her knees with her face buried between
      the legs of the other woman's hot smelly cunt and she tongued her cunt
      out making the woman moan and groan with pleasure. As for Jenny the new
      Officer Michelle she walked out the holding area and went on back to the
      processing area where she now felt her self being more powerful and started
      her new life. But not to worry soon shed be seeing her new slut before
      to long and see what else she could do to her.    
To be continued   
Story by THE EVIL MISTRESS AND MICHAEL   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Evil Misstress


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





