BDSM Library - Breakfast with the Doctor




Breakfast with the Doctor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Michelle meets Dr. Wellhung for breakfast. She is not allowed to wear her panties. Dr. Wellhung retrieved his fork and sat back up and looked into Michelle's eyes while he licked his finger and said, "It tastes like you are in heat my dear".... 
Breakfast with the Doctor
by Dr. Wellhung
Story Codes: M/f D/s real toys reluctant humiliation Light


Michelle's telephone rang just as she was getting into the shower after her
morning cup of coffee. It was Dr. Wellhung. He wanted her today.

"Meet me in the parking lot of the Best Western at 9:00am", he told her, "and
wear a skirt and your black panties and bra. Don't be late."

Michelle knew she would have to rush to make it but she also knew better than be
late so she hurriedly showered and then put on her make-up, fixed her hair and
got dressed. She started with the black lingerie, the sheer panties and
brassiere that he liked the best. Then she began putting on some pantyhose but
thought better of it and chose thigh high stockings instead. She then put on a
very nice dark blue skirt and a complimentary and very fashionable lighter blue
silk blouse. She finished off her look with matching earrings and a choker. Yes,
the diamonds were real.

The traffic wasn't too bad and she made it with five minutes to spare, which was
no doubt a good thing. She pulled up next to his car that was already parked
there. Dr. Wellhung was always prompt and didn't like to wait.

Michelle got her purse and locked her car. Dr. Wellhung got out of his own
vehicle and walked around and opened the door. She thought to herself that
despite the D/s nature of their relationship he was always so considerate and
gentlemanly. He smiled and told her that she looked beautiful and held the door
open. She got in and was surprised when he started the engine and pulled out.
She thought that he might want her to suck him right there in the parking lot or
possibly take her into a room and fuck her. Once they got on the road he told
her to take her panties off.

"Right here in the car?" Michelle asked.

"Yes right here in the car; that is unless you want me to pull over and make you
take them off by the side of the road."

She knew that Dr. Wellhung wasn't kidding. He actually would pull over. So
Michelle hiked up her skirt and reached underneath and started to wiggle out of
her panties, preserving as much of her dignity as possible, and trying not to
look too conspicuous in the process. Dr. Wellhung glanced over just in time to
see her slipping them down over her knees. He was pleased to see that they were
the black ones.

"Put them in the glovebox and take out the bag that's in there" he told her.

Michelle opened the glovebox and there was a white bag inside. She saw the bag
was from Lover's Lane. She put her panties in the glovebox and closed it.

"I got you a present my pet" he said and smiled at her. It was a somewhat wicked
smile.

She knew that he had something creative in mind for her today. She opened the
bag and there was a small black box tied with red ribbon. She undid the ribbon
and opened the box and inside were a couple of plastic balls inside with a cord
connecting them. They were about the size of golf balls and they felt strange
when she held them, kind of vibrating.

"What are these?" Michelle asked him.

"Ben Wa balls my pet. Put them in your cunt."

Michelle was only slightly damp down there. She wasn't sure they would go in
easily. She told Dr. Wellhung of her concern. He told her to finger herself
first if she thought that she was too dry. She inserted a finger into her vagina
not so much to masturbate as to redistribute some of her internal moisture to
ease the entry of the Ben Wa balls. The things were not small!

Dr. Wellhung looked over and couldn't see much because Michelle's hand was
obscured by her skirt.

"Pull your skirt up so I can see or I'll make you take that off too." he told
her.

That was all the incentive that she needed. She dutifully raised her skirt high
enough so that Dr. Wellhung had a very good view. He drove and occasionally
glanced over and was pleased to see that his pet now was stroking two fingers in
and out of her cunthole. Luckily for her, they did not pass any semi trucks or
other tall vehicles.

As soon as Michelle felt that she was sufficiently lubricated to take them, she
inserted the Ben Wa balls one after the other inside herself. The first one was
a little hard to get in but the second one went in easier. She could feel some
fullness inside her vagina. She left a little bit of cord hanging out. Then she
asked him if she could put her panties back on.

"Sorry my pet," he said as he pulled into the parking lot of a Bob Evans
restaurant, "we're here. You will just have to manage without them."

They parked and again Dr. Wellhung came around and opened her door for her. When
she got out and stood he pulled her close and kissed her passionately. For a
moment he just held her and looked at her and she could see his love for her in
his eyes. Such a contradictory man Michelle thought. He could indulge her desire
to feel used, to feel like a fucktoy, but somehow he never made her feel abused.
He could take her over his knee, or administer other "punishments" or
"disciplinary actions" but he had never once as much as raised his hand, or even
his voice, toward her in anger. She knew that he understood how sexually and
emotionally gratifying some submission and a little pain could be for her at
times, but she always wondered if she was satisfying his needs too. Did he want
more but held himself back for her sake?

While Michelle was walking she felt a draft on her bare moist flesh and the Ben
Wa balls vibrating deep in her cunt. The combination of feelings was definitely
erotic. She was starting to lubricate and actually felt the moisture wetting her
inner thigh. She hoped that it would not run down far enough to show. They
walked in and they were shown to a table immediately. While she was walking to
the table she could feel the Ben Wa balls clicking together inside her. She
wondered if anyone could hear them. Dr. Wellhung was always such a perfect
gentleman in public. He pulled her chair out for her and helped her get seated.
He was attentive to her. He was nice to the waitress who took their order. No
one would suspect that this pleasant man also had the capacity to use her for
his own (and her own) pleasure as he did so well.

When the waitress returned with their breakfast Michelle wondered what she would
think if she knew the truth. This attractive, well dressed and obviously classy
woman whom she was waiting on had been "obliged" to go out in public with no
panties to cover herself down there and with some strange objects inserted in
her vagina. She wondered if Dr. Wellhung had known the waitress would she have
been similarly obliged by his whims. Would she be now waiting on tables with no
panties on under her pink uniform and a cord hanging out between her blonde
(real?) furred cuntlips?

Casually she wiggled her butt slightly on her chair and felt that vibration
again. The visualization of what plans Dr. Wellhung might have for her and the
feeling of the Ben Wa balls deep inside her vagina were arousing her. She felt
wet between her asscheeks now.

They were finishing their breakfast when suddenly Dr. Wellhung dropped his fork
on the floor. As he leaned under the table to get it she felt his hand separate
her knees. She knew where he was looking. Dr. Wellhung slid his hand up her
thigh and actually inserted a finger into her wet cunt for a quick second.

Dr. Wellhung retrieved his fork and sat back up and looked into Michelle's eyes
while he licked his finger and said, "It tastes like you are in heat my dear".

After breakfast was done they drove back to the hotel and went inside. Again,
she felt the Ben Wa balls vibrate and the coolness of the air against her moist
cuntflesh as they walked down the hall to the room. She was becoming more
aroused all the time. When they got in the room Dr Wellhung locked the door and
without saying anything took her in his arms and kissed her long and deeply on
the mouth. She felt his hands knead her ass, bare under her skirt.

"Take off your nylons and skirt my pet." he told her.

Dr. Wellhung watched while his sub first sat on the bed and peeled her stockings
off. Then she stood and reached back and unzipped her skirt and looked at him
while she let it drop to the floor and stepped out of it. She was nude from the
waist down, and still fashionably dressed from the waist up. She wanted to cover
herself with her hand because she felt somehow embarrassed standing there like
that. She knew that the cord was showing and suspected that her wetness was
evident as well.

"Turn around Michelle" he said, "I want to see your ass."

She turned and when she glanced in the mirror she saw him looking at her. She
couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants.

"Bend over and spread your cheeks my pet." he told her.

Michelle wondered what he was going to do and felt a flush of warmth in her
cunt, and a flush of embarrassment on her face. But she bent over anyhow and
reached back and spread her cheeks. The embarrassment and warm feeling both
intensified because she knew she was totally exposed standing there like that.
Dr. Wellhung looked and the sight of her excited him. Her outer lips had parted.
The cord from the Ben Wa balls was dangling from her cunthole, kind of looking
like a tampon string, and her inner lips were visibly swollen and glistening
with dampness. Her clit had also become visibly erect. Both of Michelle's holes
were so accessible to his eyes and, if he wanted, to his hardening cock.

"Hmmm, maybe I should just fuck you like this" he mused, but no, he had another
idea.

"Turn around now and unbutton your blouse." Dr. Wellhung told her.

Michelle unbuttoned her blouse from the top down and when she was done it hung
open and Dr. Wellhung could see she was wearing a sheer black bra. She had full
breasts, natural and not too large, but definitely womanly. They filled the C
cups of her bra to a pleasing roundness. He could see the dark bumps of her
nipples through the thin fabric. They were obviously hard and thus further
confirmed her arousal.

"Now sit over there on the chair and show me your cunt my pet." he said
gesturing to a chair by the window.

Michelle walked to the chair and the Ben Wa balls vibrated again. She sat down
and used her hands to open herself to his gaze, spreading her outer lips widely
so her intimate parts within were exposed.

"Show me what's inside your cunt."

She reached for the string dangling from her vagina and started to pull. She
felt it tighten and the Ben Wa balls shift within her. She was going to pull
them out very slowly because she knew that would please him the most.

"No, don't remove them" he instructed, "I said I want to see what's INSIDE your
cunt."

Michelle inserted two fingers into her vaginal opening and pulled her hot hole
open. God she felt like such a slut with her cunt spread open so lewdly like
that. He could see slick surface of one of the plastic spheres imbedded inside
her. Dr. Wellhung inserted his own finger inside her gaping cunthole and wiggled
it causing the ball to click against the other one and both to vibrate again. He
rubbed her g-spot with the fingertip then slid it up to her clitoris and rubbed
it too, sending bolts of sexual electricity surging through her loins. Then he
knelt in front of her and moved his face to her vulva. He licked all around
Michelle's open cunthole and then moved his tongue up and teased the tiny hole
there as well.

Then Dr. Wellhung closed his lips over her clitoris and sucked on the hard
little bud until her body jerked with a powerful orgasm and her vaginal fluids
wetted the chair. All the while Michelle kept her fingers inside her cunt. She
knew that when she should not remove them until so instructed. Dr. Wellhung
unzipped his jeans and his hard cock sprang free, sticking straight out of his
fly. He knelt down in front of her and stuck the head of his penis right into
her cunt along with her fingers. Michelle was so wet that it entered her very
easily and when he pushed in further she felt the Ben Wa balls pushed even
deeper inside, all the way to her cervix.

Just as quickly Dr. Wellhung removed his cock and stood up in front of her. He
unbuckled his belt and let his jeans fall to the floor. He kicked them aside and
then removed his shirt as well and threw it on the bed. He stood nude before
her. His cock stood straight out and the head and about half the shaft glistened
with her own nectar. Michelle knew what he wanted and obediently opened her
mouth. Dr. Wellhung again approached her and of course she took his hard penis
in her mouth. First she tasted her own vaginal fluids and then as she sucked him
more she also tasted his precum.

Dr. Wellhung looked down and enjoyed the sight of Michelle's red lips closed
around his shaft, nursing from his straining member and causing his balls to
tighten with the load of cum building inside them. He liked the way that his
thick cockhead caused her cheek to bulge when she took more of his cock into her
mouth. He used his hand behind her head to coax her face toward him. She knew
that he wanted her to try to deepthroat him. She tried her best to relax and
swallow his entire penis but when the head slid into her throat she felt the gag
reflex.

Dr. Wellhung did not force his cock further into Michelle's mouth and she felt a
strange mixture of relief that he did not and a longing for him to do so. It was
only right that he fuck her throat if he wanted to. After all, at this moment,
she WAS his fucktoy. Mostly however Dr. Wellhung was content with pinching her
stiff nipples where they stained inside the cups of her bra and enjoying the
feel of her lips and tongue on the fat mushroom head of his cock. When he felt
that he was getting close to cuming he pulled his throbbing penis from her warm
mouth.

"I am going to fuck you now Michelle," he said, "get on your hands and knees..."


NOTE - If you enjoyed this you will probably also enjoy my accounts of my
adventures with my dear ex-patient 'Michelle'. They are all on my home page at:
***** http://users.porncity.net/drwellhung/index.html *****
Copyright 2003-2005 by Dr Wellhung
http://profiles.yahoo.com/a2michgyndoc
Email a2michgyndoc on Yahoo
Backup Email a2michgyndoc on Hotmail




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr. Wellhung


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





