BDSM Library - Revenge of the breeder of Borg




Revenge of the breeder of Borg
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Starfleet officer from the USS Voyager gets assimilated by Breeder Borg's and he is out to get revenge on Captain janeway, and anyone else who is with her. On a grassy plain of a planet in the Delta Quadrant five humanoids materialized
  out of thin air. High above in orbit is the space vessel from which they live
  eat, sleep and sometimes die. The ship is the U.S.S. Voyager of the United
  Federation of Planets commanded by Captain Kathryn Janeway. The Voyager landing
  party consisted of two males and four females. Their mission is to locate edible
  food supplies to restock the starship Voyager.  
 Unknown to the small starship or to the landing party, another small craft
  crashed landed on the planet a week earlier. It has already sent a distress
  signal to its nearby mother ship and of the original crew of five only two
  survived the crash -- both females. Unlike the Voyager landing party these
  survivors were not interested in food supplies. Their mechanical instrumentation
  that has been implanted into their biological form told them everything they
  needed to know about the new visitors. The instrumentation also permitted them
  to think and act as one. They are known as the Borg. A cyborg race of beings
  that has the sole purpose of searching the universe for technology and beings
  that would make the Borg the absolute perfect life form. The hive of perhaps
  hundreds of millions or even billions of drones worked, thought, fight, and
  lived as a single being. All controlled by a single female queen.  
 They take only what they need and only destroy when resistance occurs. All
  technologies and live forms become the Borg's properties. If the technology
  is something the Borg has not seen before they copy it and improve it. The
  life forms of which the Borg encounter are unwillingly violated by artificial
  automated machines, hundreds of times smaller than human cells, that the Borg
  inject them with. These "nanoprobes", as they are named, immediately and painfully
  create internal mechanical devices in the host that force them to lose all
  self will and independence and force their brains to think as one with the
  Borg. So, in less than a minute they become a Borg.  
 That is one way the Borg keep there intense numbers however the Borg on
  this planet, that are watching the Earth crew, do not use assimilation to find
  the perfect life forms. They are breeders. Deliberately forcing a male and
  female to sexually join each other to create a perfect biological being. They
  are now short two breeders. They already calculated of who on the Voyager landing
  team would be regular drones and who would be breeders. The landing party broke
  up into two groups, and the two Borg drones maneuvered to intercept each individual
  group.  
 Both landing parties had their own individual weapons as in hand phasers
  or phaser rifles. Weapons that use a combination of laser and particle beam
  energy. Plus, they also had small scanning devices. However the Borg had previous
  experience with the crew of the starship Voyager and their many devices. The
  Borg learned from the experiences. They developed a shield around there body
  that matches the individual energy frequency modulation of the weapons thus
  they cannot be killed or injured by the weapons, plus they also know the frequency
  of the scanning devices so they can move without being detected. The first
  group composed of a female lieutenant commander and two female ensigns, and
  the second group composed of a male and female lieutenant and a male ensign.
  The scanning devices of the groups detected no dangerous animals so each group
  broke up to a single individual.  
 Ensign Susan Lochery from the first group got "assimilated" first. The Borg
  slipped around a tree and injected the nanoprobes into Ensign Lochery's neck
  using three titanium tubes from its fist. She fell down with her eyes wide
  open in shock but soon her complexion started to change to a different color
  and on the left side of her face mechanical hardware immediately started to
  form. She never had the chance to scream for help. Group two was slightly different
  as a green Rigellian lieutenant female met up with a Borg face to face. She
  froze in fear and screamed before being assimilated herself. Her group leader,
  Lieutenant Marion Hakes, heard the screams as well as Ensign Mark Hathor who
  was working nearby. Both of them ran toward the direction and saw the young
  female being transformed on the ground. Hakes knew that it was a Borg transformation  
 The lieutenant followed the standing orders given by his commanding officers
  months ago -- if any crew become assimilated show mercy and kill them. Mr.
  Hakes lifted his phaser and fired it onto the female from Rigel. She died instantly.
  The second group leader hit his com badge, "HAKES TO LT. CMDR. L'TAR! WE GOT
  BORG ON THIS PLANET! LT. LITH'KA IS DEAD!" As he waited for a reply he heard
  a struggle in the brush. Ensign Hathor stumbled out as his hand covered his
  neck. He was attempting to fight the fast moving transformation into another
  Borg drone. His right hand is raised toward his leader as he begged for mercy.
  Hakes gave him what he asked for and the ensign flew back ten feet from the
  impact of the phaser beam. His emergency com was finally answered, "Mr. Hakes,
  you and Ensign Hathor report to the beam down sight immediately." I lost contact
  with both of my people!"  
 On the USS Voyager they received the distress call from the landing party.
  They were able to locate L'Tar and get her back to safety, but before they
  were able to locate Lt. Hakes they detected a very unwelcome visitor. A Borg
  ship shaped like a pyramid! Lt. Tom Paris was the first to spot it, "Borg Pyramid
  in our sector Captain. Five minutes to intercept." Captain Janeway immediately
  stood up "SHIELDS UP. SOUND RED ALERT!" She looked towards Chakotay, her human
  Executive Officer. "What is it with Borg and geometric shapes?" The heavily
  armed Earth warship of a crew of less than 150 immediately had all her defensive
  systems and weapons fully charged and armed. But even this powerful warship
  is no match when it comes to the Borg. Over the speakers on the bridge the
  typical Borg hail in monotone was heard, "WE ARE THE BORG. YOU WILL BE ASSIMILATED.
  YOUR BIOLOGICAL AND TECHNOLOGICAL DISTINCTIVENESS WILL BE ADDED TO OUR OWN.
  RESISTANCE IS FUTILE." The general quarters order brought several crew to their
  bridge positions. One of them is a blonde human female called Seven of Nine.
  A former Borg drone set free with the help of Captain Janeway to find her human
  side. The young adult looked at the incoming Borg ship while Captain Janeway
  used the final minutes to search for the last crewman. The expression on her
  face turned into intense fear. She dealt with the Borg before but this Borg
  Pyramid is the worst thing in her past fears.  
 Seven of Nine walked to the ships captain and her fear was instantly detected
  in her voice, "CAPTAIN! WE CANNOT STAY HERE ANY LONGER! YOUR CREWMAN IS GONE
  ON THE PLANET!" Kathryn Janeway turned slowly to the human female being surprised
  by her outburst. "Seven? What's wrong? You never acted like this before." The
  former drone turned toward the forward view screen, "A Borg Pyramid. They seek
  perfection through breeding. Any female they assimilate will be forced to breed
  in search of the perfect biological distinctiveness. If they capture Voyager
  than all of the females on the ship will be forced to have children, and some
  of the males may be used to assist on breeding them. They did it once to me
  before many years ago." No other words were said except the constant reminder
  that the Earth vessel would be in weapons range of the Borg ship soon,  
 On the planets surface Lt. Hakes met up with Ensign Tritt a black human
  female. In fleeing a Borg drone she lost her communicator badge. The superior
  officer placed his hand on her shoulder; "We'll be going home soon. Hakes to
  Voyager, two to beam up. I have Ensign Tritt with me." The Captain heard the
  hail from the planets surface just before a powerful energy weapons from the
  Borg Pyramid rocked her ship. The blast threw the bridge crew like rag dolls
  in a tornado. "WE LOST AFT DEFLECTOR SHIELDS CAPTAIN! NUMEROUS HULL BREACHES
  REPORTED! BORG PYRAMID IS STILL OUTSIDE PHASER RANGE!", the warning came from
  an unseen crewman. Captain Janeway reached for her chair com, "Lt. Hakes. We
  are under heavy attack and we need to break off. Attempt to avoid the Borg
  on the planet and locate a safe place to hide until we get back. Janeway out!
  Helm; plot a course out of here Warp Nine! Mr. Tuvok, fire a barrage of aft
  Quantum Torpedoes to blind our escape." Three faster than light torpedo's blasted
  out of the aft torpedo launcher just before the small starship sprinted to
  over 700 times faster than light! However, on the planets surface, Lt. Hakes
  only heard "we need to break off" from all the jamming. "THAT DAMN BITCH! SHE'S
  ABANDONING US! FUCK HER!" LET'S GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE BEFORE THE BORG FIND
  US!"  
 Hakes and Tritt ran off hand in hand to stay together. More Borg transported
  down to the planet as the USS Voyager made her escape. As the two attempted
  to climb a steep hill other Borg drones spotted them. In the forest clearing
  the former Ensign Lochery laid flat on her back with her clothing removed.
  She could not move or scream as the Borg collective took over her mind. Her
  eyes are focused upward and she felt the cool breeze over her naked skin. Her
  reddish brown nipples hardened, and she felt her legs being pushed apart. Shifting
  her eyes downward she saw a male Borg drone whose mechanical cone extended
  outward. Fear took over her as she felt the extremely large and wide funnel
  forced into her pussy. Once inside of her vagina, she felt a warm muscle extend
  itself out of the cold steel like device. The sensation was not the same as
  she felt when warm fluids went into her by her boyfriend on the Voyager, for
  the sensations were far more sensual. Her nerve endings felt the miniature
  vibrations that the Borg dick transmitted. Surprisingly she felt no pain whatsoever.
  Her eyes gazed at the Borg face that is over her. She felt her body being rocked
  by the constant thrusting. The Borg drone pushed himself up off of her, and
  her eyes moved downward to see the grayish colored device pull out of her pussy
  with green fluid flowing from the head of it.  
 "Lieutenant, they found us!" Both of the last of the landing parted stopped
  in front of four Borg drones. Hakes fired his weapons at point blank range
  but the Borg personal deflector shield easily absorbed the energy. The lieutenant
  yelled and sprinted toward the drones with the weapon in the air. The Borg
  drone raised its hand and jabbed the Terrain's neck with four titanium tubes.
  Mr. Hakes automatically stopped. In his mind he started to hear the thoughts
  of the Borg. He saw the naked Ensign Lochery through another Borg. The thoughts
  in one voice ordered him to face the black female ensign that he escaped with. "AFRICAN
  HUMAN FEMALE. SENSORS DETECT HUMAN EGG IN RIGHT FALLOPIAN TUBE. HER BIOLOGICAL
  DISTINCTIVENESS WILL BE ADDED TO OUR OWN. BREED AND ASSIMILATE". is all that
  he heard.  
 Marion's body moved against his will towards Ensign Tritt. His eyes are
  fixed on Mrs. Tritt face. She looked around as the other Borg stood watching
  them, and froze in fear as she saw the Borg transformation on Lt. Hakes. Every
  instinct told her to run and at the last second she did only to be stopped
  by the large hand of Hakes on her shoulder. "Lieutenant? It's me Ensign Tritt.
  We can still run." Hakes other hand grabbed a hold of her upper tunic and ripped
  it downward. The young woman screamed and fought to get away from him. He continued
  to gaze at her as her breasts bounced from her struggles, 'RESISTANCE IS FUTILE" he
  spoke in a monotone voice. Her one-piece tunic tore down past her hips and
  she is forced down onto the ground and the Borg Hakes finished pulling off
  the uniform. He opened the crotch portion of his uniform and an extremely erect
  penis with Borg metallic plating came out. "NO MARION! PLEASE GOD HELP ME!" She
  continued to scream as the new Borg forced his new metallic planted dick past
  her very black hair bushy covering and into the surgically tighter pussy. The
  mechanically enhanced dick drove deeper into her cervix and Tritt continued
  to scream from the pain that she felt. As the semen is released with "Borg" assimilated
  sperm to head directly to the lone egg; Tritt felt more pain on the side of
  her left breast. She turned her head as Hakes stayed on top of her ejecting
  the last semen and she seen the four tubules out of his wrist penetrating the
  soft skin of her breast.  
 Hakes got up after the pain stopped. Tritt's body shook violently from the
  two points of assault. The egg was soon after fertilized and the genetic code
  within it began to change. Hakes, Tritt, and Lochery in there pre-Borg implants
  were transported up to the Borg Pyramid. Within a day more implants were surgically
  attached to them. The two girls had their right lower arm amputated to fit
  a multi-task mechanical arm. All three's left eye was removed to give them
  more enhanced sensory. The former Lt. Hakes also had several new capabilities
  added to his new Borg skin and brain that permitted him to phase into walls
  and become invisible. Two weeks later as the Borg Pyramid assimilated the crew
  of an alien freighter, the Borg Hakes (now designated as one of six) was forced
  to move to another part of the Pyramid where he met the former Lochery doing
  her duties. The database to him told of the egg that has been released in her
  left tube, and as she turned around from his instructions a circular opening
  appeared beneath between her legs. Hakes lifted her upward and joined a connector
  onto the opening were his very long and large penis fired out of the connection
  into her hairless pussy. No other Borg noticed the sense of pleasure that came
  across Hakes' eyes as he felt the texture of the inside of the pussy of the
  Borg know as Three of Six (Lochery) with his naked dick. The deposit is quick
  and both drones separated from each other to continue their work. It was time,
  for the Drone formerly known as Hakes, for the regeneration cycle. The Drone
  moved to his alcove and deactivated to "sleep".  
 In a very small percentage of Borg drones there is a recessive mutation
  from the forced DNA changes. This mutation permits these drones to enter a
  realm known as Unimatrix Zero as themselves and not as a drone. Here they can
  associate with other drones that have the same recessive gene, and Marion Hakes
  finds himself walking through a fog shrouded grassy plain. Although all of
  the drones are in a dream state and their bodies are not real in this domain,
  somehow they can interact with each other, feel each other, and enjoy each
  other. Hakes have already noticed that some drones are even having sexual relations.
  Another thing that Hakes did noticed is that with a thought anything will form
  out of nowhere. Unimatrix Zero both acts like a dream and reality.  
 His memories still have all the things that he had done as a Borg drone,
  as well as the memory of him raping Ensign Tritt before she became a drone.
  The memory of the recent fucking of Lochery also was fresh as well as the scent
  of her body's chemicals from the joining. Too bad he could not get Captain
  Janeway for abandoning him! Because he began to realize that he actually enjoyed
  the rape.  
 Around him in Unimatrix Zero are members of a large variety of aliens both
  male and female including a small number of humanoids. One such humanoid is
  a sixteen-year-old Romulan girl who is sitting by herself. She is T'Pal. She
  was on one of the Romulan outposts near the Romulan Neutral Zone at the age
  of seven when a Borg Cube attacked and either destroyed or assimilated the
  outpost crew, as well as several Federation outposts. Hakes saw her a few times,
  and knowing that she is a Romulan he also knew of her superior strength against
  humans. If he chooses to rape her than he needed to do something about that
  damn super strength! There is no type of energy weapons in Unimatrix Zero and
  her superior hearing would prevent him from sneaking up. However, on the planet
  Vulcan there is an insect that can cause temporary paralysis and Romulans are
  very similar biologically to Vulcans. All he had to do is to have the insect
  and to somehow get that insect to bite her. Then she will have no strength
  in stopping Hakes from raping her.  
 It took quite many more "sleep" cycles for Hakes to get the insect by wishing
  for it and to enter Unimatrix Zero the same time the Romulan did, but finally
  both entered the reality/dream world together. Hakes stalked the Romulan teen
  from a distance and carried the four of the large cockroach size insects safely
  in a leather bag. He also has a hollowed out stalk of a tubular plant that
  will serve as an excellent blowpipe. Earlier he used practice ballistic shots
  to get a good ideal on where he needs to be. Now, he hides behind a fallen
  tree and blows out the first insect. The Romulan heard something hit the ground
  behind her before she turned her face crating a large gap on top of her clothing
  and totally unaware of another insect being propelled through the air whose
  ballistic path is leading it to that gap. She jumped when she felt the insect
  land between her breasts and as her breasts pressed together from her swift
  movement the insect got more irritated and dug its powerful talons into her
  soft tissue releasing an overpowering venom into the bloodstream. Her hand
  successfully grabbed the insect and through it out, but her legs collapsed
  under her weight as the venom attacked her nervous system. She laid on the
  ground unable to move a voluntary muscle with her eyes wide open and her breathing
  fast and shallow.  
 Hakes got up and dumped the last of the insects on the ground. Walking slowly
  to the paralyzed Romulan he had a huge grin on his face as he removed his pants.
  Once he got to the Romulan he rolled her over onto her back by his leg. "Welcome
  to your nightmare Romulan. Perhaps your so-called "elements" will bless you
  by awakening you or me from our sleep cycle before you get raped." Hakes mocked
  her before he squatted down to rip her top off of her body. He heard many things
  about Romulan women and their bodies. One detail he heard about is that all
  Romulan women have small dark brown nipples and none of them has areole. The
  exposing of her greenish tone breasts verified with that detail. But the detail
  he was very interested in finding out lies within her vagina and it's internal
  muscles and nerves. Her pants were pulled off just as quick as her top and
  now Hakes' dick became wide and hard. "Too late Rommie. Your body now belongs
  to me. Resistance is futile!"  
 The Romulan pussy is extremely tight to get into from its evolutionary building
  to handle a Romulan male's extreme strength, but Marion finally is able to
  penetrate the outer muscle wall and pump into her. That is when the next rumor
  surprised him. The Romulans body actually started to help the process of breeding
  by tightening around the male human's penis and actually pulling it in deeper
  by rhythmic muscles and nerves! The pain on his penis was extreme from the
  Romulans super tight muscles whose evolutionary traits are designed to keep
  the penis in her. Even as he voluntarily stopped driving into her, the Romulan
  vagina took full control and literally slammed his hips onto her body. Only
  when her body detected the flowing of the semen did it automatically stopped.
  Hakes pulled out of her fast and gripped his throbbing penis. The crimson red
  tone that replaced the former white with brown tone penis frightened him. The
  pain is more horrendous then he ever felt and the tip of the dick felt like
  it is on fire! Looking back down on the greenish entrance that has white semen
  glazing it he noticed the still ongoing erratic inward pulsations that caused
  him so much pain. He stumbled away from her still in pain.  
 Fifteen minutes later Hakes' penis returned to its placid state and original
  color. Noise from the area of the Romulan caught his attention, and he wondered
  whether or not the Romulan teen is now up and walking.  
 The noise was not the Romulan but a human female. Still unseen by Hakes,
  the young human woman kneeled down to the Romulan female and covered her with
  her original clothing before she and the clothing phased out of sight as the
  drone's sleep period ended. "At least your nightmare is now over." The blonde
  said out loud, and she heard extra noise in the brush in the distance. It may
  be another person who was assaulted is her first thought and she slowly moved
  toward the direction. Hakes hid in thick brush as the human female came into
  his view and he could not believe his luck as he recognized the female from
  the his old ship Voyager! The woman is the ship former Borg -- Seven of Nine!
  She has a proper name but "Seven" is the name she preferred. The pretty blonde
  walked past Hakes unaware of the danger that lurked behind her, and she got
  startled when her body got grabbed from behind and a strong hand covered her
  mouth!  
 Unlike the crew from the USS Voyager Seven had very little training in military
  hand to hand combat and found herself overwhelmed by the more stronger attacker.
  As she desperately tried to pull the hand off of her mouth (so she could scream),
  she became more frantic as her breasts were man handled harshly. She squirmed
  and maneuvered to try to get away from the painful squeezing and pinching,
  and she calmed down as the assault stopped. Even that was short lived as the
  hand forced itself down inside her pants! She desperately wanted to cry out
  loud as she felt the large fingers force themselves into her most private feminine
  sexual organ! "It's nice to see you again Seven. I figured I would never see
  you again, but now that you are here I figured that it would be appropriate
  to see and feel more of you."  
 Seven of Nine recognized the voice from her past however her mind is more
  on the current time as she fought to keep her pants from being forced off by
  the attacker. Hakes realized that is sleep cycle is almost over and he desperately
  wanted to leave a personal message to Captain Janeway through Seven of Nine.
  Forcing her against a tree was simple. As well as ripping the blouse off of
  her and groping the left breast. It has been a long time since he felt the
  soft and fatty tissues of a natural human utter. Seven's eyes open widely when
  she realized who was sexually assaulting her. The hand on her mouth slowly
  released its grip unlike the one on her breast. She nervously followed the
  instruction from Hakes to remain quiet as he slowly released her mouth. "I
  would love to fuck you right here Seven but my time is nearly up. Are you still
  on the Voyager with Captain Janeway?" Seven acknowledge his question before
  Hakes continued, "Good, then you can pass on a message to the bitch! Tell her
  that I have made an agreement with the Borg Queen. The agreement is that once
  the Voyager gets captured then all the women will be transferred to my ship
  and I get to personally fuck Captain Janeway plus all the other compatible
  women. Including you Seven! Call it a personal thank-you for abandoning us
  on the planet. Both Tritt and Lochery were also alive when they got raped themselves,
  and you knew that was going to happen but you still left them!"  
 "She had no choice!" Seven fired back. "You knew of her primary concern
  of getting the crew home. If she stayed any longer then the whole ship would
  have been assimilated!" Hakes' face got very close to her face as he pressed
  his body against hers. The hand is now off of her breast but she felt crushed
  by his naked chest against hers and the horrible feeling as his warm and hard
  penis pressing on her panties. Hakes answered back, "I had no choice in raping
  many females either Seven. Unfortunately for them I'm enjoying myself in the
  process. And I want to rape Captain Janeway and her female crew to get back
  at her for abandoning me!" Seven felt nauseated as her lips forcibly met his
  for fifteen seconds before he automatically disappeared. She re-clothed her
  body and ran to several friends that she made in Unimatrix Zero.  
 Like the other Borg drones (both current and former) that are in Unimatrix
  Zero, she also left the dream world when she woke up from her sleep period.
  She left her cubicle that is constructed in one of the cargo rooms, and rushed
  to the Voyager's captains quarters whom is a very good friend and mentor of
  hers. There she told Kathryn Janeway of many things she heard while in Unimatrix
  Zero. The most important of which is the frustration that the Borg Queen is
  having in losing control of her drones that are in Unimatrix Zero and her plans
  of torturing, mutilating, and killing the drones to find how to stop them from
  getting into Unimatrix Zero. She also told Janeway about Hakes and what he
  had done to her. After discussing the situation with her command crew in the
  conference room the Captain made a decision that would eventually destroy Unimatrix
  Zero as well as freeing the drones from the Borg control who went to Unimatrix
  Zero.  
 In doing so the Borg Queen ordered the destruction of one of her ships with
  thousands of drones, but the Queen lost this battle as a large number of her
  drones regained their freedom and took control of the Borg ships. The Borg
  Pyramid that Hakes is in is one of those ships. He and about fifty other former
  drones fought for control of the Pyramid. The battle for control led to the
  destruction of the Pyramid and three former drones managed to escape before
  it self-destructed. One of them is Hakes. He and the other two safely guided
  their escape pod to a populated planet. All three worked together to construct
  three separate ships to help them get home. Hakes planned to find his own home
  -- the USS Voyager! Fortunately, with the help of the other two former Borg,
  he is able to connect with Borg sensor and scanning and easily found the experimental
  Federation ship. During the construction he became a close friend to one of
  the other former Borg that is near his age. She, like Hakes, is also a human
  and her home is in this far quadrant of the galaxy. But somehow her people
  are not connected anyway with people from Earth but had the same evolutionary
  process as the humans on Earth did. The only exception is that her people never
  had any wars!  
 The two shared one last meal before they had to leave. In the previous months
  she had try to convince Hakes to go home with her with no luck. She seen the
  anger in his soul as they worked together to remove the Borg implants from
  their bodies. Most of the body armor has been removed with the exception of
  around their reproduction organs, as the armor is now part of the organs. The
  female ex-Borg (whose name is best translated as the "flower that blooms in
  winter") moved much closer to Hakes and brought his hand to her naked breast.
  Unlike the majority of the female Borg on the pyramid her duty was to assist
  in nursing the newborn children and the previous Borg implants kept her breasts
  as matured as a teenagers breasts. Her eyelids closed as his hand gently explored
  the soft curve of her motherhood and gently rolling the flat brown nipple up
  to and beyond the erect hardness into a very large nipple.  
 Hakes introduced her to French style kissing as he pressed into her breasts
  with his fingers and she returned the favor as she explored his military formed
  chest muscles obviously enjoying this new way of sexual excitement. Her hand
  went lower to his pelvis to locate the Borg device to activate his penis. Unlike
  the natural expansion by engorged blood vessels, the Borg found ways to give
  the male penis a maxinum enhancement and once activated Hakes' dick stretched
  out to ten inches long and a circumference of six inches. The young female
  bent down to cover his huge manhood with her mouth and to press it backs to
  her throat. The Starfleet's officer arched his head back as he savored the
  enjoyment of the young woman's tongue. As she sucked and teased the enhanced
  muscle, the hands of Hakes once again fondled her breasts and she groaned from
  the pleasure of her breasts being teased. After minutes of intense pleasure
  the Starfleet officer forced her face up to his lips and his hand went down
  between her legs; "I want to fuck you so much. Tell me to fuck you. Tell me
  to fuck you hard!" She looked at him in confusion as he said the words.  
 "What do you mean by "fuck"? I do not understand what you want.." Marion
  Hakes brought her pelvis closer to him so that his still erect and wet penis
  rubbed against her brown pubic hair. With a smile he continued speaking to
  her in a soft tone, "I want to mate with you, to breed with you, to guide this
  (he placed her hand on his dick) inside of you here (he moved her hand onto
  her womanhood)." She bent her head down in sorrow, "I want you in there as
  well my friend but it cannot be done. The reason that I never became a breeder
  on the Borg Pyramid is because I am imperfect from a genetic disorder. Give
  me your hand." She took his large hand and guided his long and wide fingers
  past the outer lips of her vagina and into what he thought would be tight and
  warm tissues. However just beyond the distance of his fingernails the finger
  came to a muscular obstruction.  
 She continued with tears starting to fall. "I was born with a partially
  formed reproduction organ. The entrance is fully formed but the internal organs
  never formed and the muscles fused together. I can never fuck as you say it.
  I can never have any children." She laid her head onto Hakes' shoulders and
  wept bitterly. Marion wrapped his arms around her as she cried. "Let me give
  you something that the Borg never took away from you." She pushed herself up
  looking at him in curiosity. He wiped a tear off of her reddened face, "Lay
  down on your back and permit me to show you." The human female cracked a smile
  on her face in anticipation of what he is talking about and she rolled on her
  back to find out. First she became nervous as her legs are pulled apart, however
  the ticklish sensation of the male blowing on her vaginal lips and hair created
  a soothing smile, "What are you doing down there?" she asked him as his fingers
  gently moved the fleshy pussy lips aside. "Ah hah! I figured that you may have
  this!", he commented just before he brought his mouth to the targeted area.  
 Waves of sensation rolled through her body, and she gripped on whatever
  she could find as her body tightened and arched from the pleasurable ecstasy
  that she volunteered to let her body goes through. Never in her life, even
  before she became assimilated, has her body gone through such pleasurable agony!
  Her screams of pleasure aroused Hakes even more as he continues to tease her
  fully formed clitoris. Beads of perspiration grew into a solid coat of water
  on her body as she slowly climbed the mountain of her climax. Outside of the
  two combined starships a para-military group from the world the former Borg's
  have landed on approached the never before seen vessels. The human female screams
  gave the soldiers the wrong impressions of one of there own females were being
  tortured, and they had their orders not to permit the ships to escape. So,
  using their inferior weapon technology, they fire explosive armour piercing
  shells at the two joined space vessels.  
 The female Borg was near her climax when they heard the first sharp clang
  on the joined ships and out of instinctive reaction both of the drones stopped
  what they were doing and went to their individual cubicles that connected their
  brains to their individual ships. Essentially, their minds became one with
  the ship. Whereas Hakes had to slide through a connecting tunnel to get to
  his cubicle, the naked female Borg got to her cubicle in less than ten seconds
  and seen the attackers. Unfortunately for the natives that were attacking,
  the female Borg was agitated because they interrupted an event she never had
  before and her agitation was copied into the weapon systems of her cubed shaped
  vessel. The weapons are minimal for a Borg starship but even the minimal amount
  became very deadly to the vastly inferior technology of the native attackers
  and they received the full force of an energy-based weapon. At the blink of
  an eye all of them, as well as their equipment, were literally converted to
  plasma.  
 Hakes got into his cubicle just before the female Borg "defended" her ship, "WHAT
  IN HELL ARE YOU DOING! THEY POSED NO DANGER TO US!". The angry screams shot
  through the internal communications. Only after the Borg weapons was discharged
  did the female realized what happened, "I AM SORRY! MY FRUSTRATION WAS SENT
  TO THE SHIP! WHY DID I DO THAT?" The ships sensors showed there reading into
  Hakes' mind and he seen a new and very real danger approaching. "We need to
  separate and take off. I got four aircraft approaching from the northeast at
  125 kilometers. They are armed with guided weapons with nuclear type warheads." The
  girl argued at him and begged not to separate from each other for she wanted
  to reach her orgasm. Hakes shot back, "WE CAN REJOIN IN SPACE BITCH! I CONSTRUCTED
  THIS SHIP TO SEND ME HOME, NOT TO JUST STAND AROUND AT GET MYSELF DESTROYED
  BECAUSE SOME DUMB ASS CUNT DECIDED TO WIPE OUT SOLDIERS WHO PREVENTED HER FROM
  REACHING HER CLIMAX. RELEASE THE DOCKING LOCKS NOW!"  
 She could not believed what she is hearing! This other Borg who became her
  lover is more concerned over his pitiful mission to get home then he is about
  her needs! "We can lift off together..." The reply was cut off by a powerful
  rock from a Borg weapon. Hakes is trying to destroy the docking ring with his
  own weapons that were designed to be more powerful than hers! As she attempted
  to disable his weapon platforms the two ships violently broke apart. Hakes'
  cube was moving away at a high speed. The female Borg pursued the fleeing male
  Borg in pure anger. As the two ships left the planet's orbit, Hakes was preparing
  the quantum drive engine to propel the Borg Cube into incredible speeds but
  he failed to realize the female Borg behind him. Her weapons signaled her interception.
  The first weapon hit caused major damage to Hakes ship, "I THOUGHT THAT YOU
  LOVED ME! ALL YOU WANT IS TO GO HOME SO THAT YOU CAN MATE WITH OTHER WOMEN!
  WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME!" Hakes' cube damage is severe but not in any vital area
  as he brought his attention of the female Borg. He brought his weapons online
  and locked all of them on the female's cube. He had to destroy her before she
  hits his Quantum engine; "You already know what your problem is. Your mating
  organ is defective and you do not want to be mated any other way. Goodbye." Torpedo's
  from Hakes' cube found there target and the female Borg's ship tumbled out
  of control from three direct hits before exploding from a warp core breach.  
Eighteen months later. Planet Earth, Sol star system. Alpha
  quadrant.  
 Kathryn Janeway, newly promoted to an Admiral, finished packed her luggage
  for a long needed vacation on Risa. Months of debriefing of her experiences
  in the Delta Quadrant were exhaustive and sometimes controversial. Despite
  her wishes, she met with a half Betazid mental counselor named Diana Troi and
  became fast friends with her. Counselor Troi recommended the vacation to Janeway
  as well as Seven of Nine (who is a good friend of Janeway). Diana Troi would
  join them, they will pick up a botanist of Earth named Kako O'Brien and finally
  they will dock at Deep Space Nine where a friend of Troi will be joining them
  -- Counselor Erzi Dax.  
 Deep inside a starbase (that is orbiting Earth) a lone VIP yacht is being
  loaded for Admiral Janeway's extended vacation. The two female crewmembers
  have been making sure that everything is perfect for the long trip. Individually,
  they also handle the engineering and communications. The Orion communications
  officer sent a coded message to Deep Space Nine giving them the itinerary of
  the planned voyage to them in case of an emergency. A single passenger Borg
  ship that is under a cloak of invisibility intercepted the coded communication.
  The male pilot spoke out loud to himself; "Admiral Janeway is taking a trip
  to Risa with six other girls? Then this is one trip that she will never forget!"  
 The Borg pilot knew of the capabilities of both of the starbase over the
  Earth as well as the space station known as Deep Space Nine. Although is small
  craft is invisible to scanning devices and sensors, the pilot also knew that
  the military arm of the Federation is always searching for ways to detect cloaked
  vessels with Romulans and Klingons having the sole right to develop them. He
  has the advantage of surprise and an edge of technology on his side. Plus,
  the tactical knowledge of starship captains learned from the assimilations
  of the Borg. Finally, after a few hours, he detected the VIP yacht leave the
  starbase and he followed it getting as much information as possible about the
  defensive and offensive capabilities of the small ship. Usually, these VIP
  ships have a fighter escort but apparently Admiral Janeway felt that there
  is no need for such escorts. The yacht has minimal shields and deflector plates,
  minimum weapons, but very comprehensive communications. He needs to destroy
  the communications arrays before he boards it and make Janeway think that she
  destroyed his Borg ship. As they approached Deep Space Nine he again stayed
  in one spot and waited for a day before he detected the yacht leaving once
  again with seven luscious babes on board.  
 The trip to Risa would take over twelve hours. He decided to use an assault
  tactic that a Romulan Captain used to kidnap a Vhoranian princess. As his ship
  increased its velocity to intercept he charged up his weapons.  
 In the yacht Kako O'Brien volunteered to make the meal for the four other
  women, as the two assigned crewmembers either piloted the craft or kept the
  engines running. The Orion helmsman/communication was not paying attention
  when the Borg ship materialized off the port stern. As soon as it de-cloaked
  it fired a faster than light offensive weapon to knock out the yachts deflector
  shields on the first shot. The yachts passengers and crew felt the shock wave
  of the hit, and as the Borg ship passed it launched a second torpedo locked
  onto the communications array. The powerful blast knocked everyone off of their
  feet and caused structural damage to the yacht. The Asian Kako screamed in
  pain as a massive piece of equipment fell across her leg breaking it in three
  places. On the bridge the massive explosion instantly killed the Orion, and
  in Engineering the Bajorian officer attempted to keep the warp field together
  however shock damage caused safeties to kick in and the yacht slowed down to
  sub-light speeds.  
 As Seven of Nine and Dax helped the civilian O'Brien, Admiral Janeway and
  Commander Riker-Troi made it to the bridge where they found the badly burnt
  Orion. Troi told the admiral that the communications array was destroyed and
  they are unable to send out a distress signal. Janeway gently pulled the dead
  Orion off of what was left of the helm, "Engineering, we lost helm control
  up here set a direct course to the nearest planet with all possible speed." As
  Janeway moved to the tactical station she listened to the report from the engineer
  on the damage, and that they will have warp drive back in less than a minute.
  However, un-noticed by the Bajorian female a human male materialized behind
  the warp core and he instantly became invisible.  
 Admiral Janeway noticed the (now automated) Borg ship approach them. "The
  Borg! I knew they would come looking for me sooner or later. Dianna, transfer
  all power to the forward phasers. Their shields are still up but they will
  drop them before transporting over." The counselor looked toward her, "Admiral,
  we have no shields." Janeway smiled, "They won't want to destroy us. That would
  be too merciful. OK, that's the power we need. The one thing about the Borg
  that I learned is that they always transport at the exact distance every time." Soon
  after an audible hail went onto the speakers, "WE ARE THE BORG. YOU WILL BE
  ASSIMILATED. YOUR BIOLOGICAL AND TECHNOLOGICAL DISTINCTIVENESS WILL BE ADDED
  TO OUR OWN. RESISTANCE IS FUTILE." Admiral Janeway smiled as the ship approached,
  and as she knew the shields dropped exactly where she thought. "ASSIMILATED
  THIS!" The Borg ship exploded as it received a direct hit by the small vessel's
  primary weapon. Both women breathed a sigh of relief. "Janeway to Ensign Kott
  damage report." The engineer replied immediately, "I got the shields back up
  and the warp field has been aligned. Hull integrity is down to 72%, Warp 5.8
  is the best I can give you." Janeway ordered her to return to Deep Space Nine.
  Ensign Kott turned to enter new commands in the computer, but she got the wind
  knocked out of her as her back got slammed onto the engineering department
  wall. Her hand reached to press the communicator on her tunic. Before she reached
  it she felt her tunic being ripped as a warm and harsh hand squeezed her naked
  breast. Looking upward she saw a human male smiling at her, and before she
  had a chance to scream another hand slapped her mouth shut.  
 Kott attempted to move away from the wall but the stranger kept her in place.
  Fear and anxiety started to overwhelm her especially as her tunic ripped more.
  Soon she felt the cold metal of the wall with the bare skin. The entire upper
  part of her tunic was torn away, and the harsh hand on her breast squeezed
  harder and she soon felt the wetness of a tongue and lips on her other nipple.
  Pain from one nipple being crushed as well as the other breast being bit into
  wanted to make her scream in pain. Finally the hand came off of her mouth and
  she breathed in deeply to scream. Pain and a hot feeling raided on the left
  side of her face before she could scream and she fell down onto the deck floor.
  She never realized that the bottom part of her tunic has been ripped off. Her
  bald pussy has a glaze of blood from her bi-monthly period and she felt more
  pain as she is roughly flipped onto her belly and felt someone get on top of
  her and forced her face down.  
 "Too bad that you are on your period Bajorian. But, it is much worse for
  you that you happen to be on the same ship as Admiral Janeway is. Because of
  her, you will lose your life. But, I'm going to have some fun with you first." That
  is when she felt something hard and massive force itself into her ass hole.
  The Bajorian screamed as it went deeper into the narrow cavity, Not only was
  the intruder fucking her has he has also slid his hands under her chest and
  tightly squeezed her small boobs. The pain in her is intense. She felt the
  head of the rapist's dick ram her pelvic bone and the weight of his body made
  it difficult for her to breathe. Each thrust into her became more painful,
  and finally and fortunately there became a final and very hard thrust. It was
  then she realized that he finished pumping his semen into her. Unfortunately,
  no one heard her screams since she was far from the rest of the crew. She is
  still in pain as the stranger never pulled out of her ass hole and his hands
  continue to crush her breasts. Then a new pain entered her chest as the Borg's
  metal needles came out of his knuckles and directly into her heart!  
 As the blood stop flowing into her brain the pain subsided. The last sense
  she felt was her body becoming cold and the pain in her ass hole dulled to
  nothing. She turned her head to see the attacker and see the half Borg. Her
  eyesight started to fade away before she collapsed. Hakes flipped the girl
  on her back and pulled her legs apart. When the last of the crew comes looking
  for her then they will get an eye full!  
 The Borg then moved to the engineering controls and added some Borg devices
  to prevent any attempt of the Starfleet personnel to get re-control. Once he
  had full control he changed course and speed. But it was not back towards Deep
  Space Nine; it is toward a place known as the Bad Lands. The vengeful Borg
  left engineering by "phasing" into the walls and cloaking himself. He will
  wait a day before raping the next crewman.  
 Admiral Janeway called the women together for a conference a few hours after
  the attack. Kako O'Brien was treated and her leg was mended after they got
  the equipment off of her. Janeway expected everyone to be on time and after
  Kott became very late and refused to answer her communicator both Janeway and
  Seven of Nine went to engineering after the computer located Ensign Kott. They
  spotted her naked body as soon as they entered the engineering. Janeway ordered
  the rest of the woman down there to try to figure out what happened. It was
  easy to figure out that the ensign was anally raped, and it took just a little
  bit longer to find out that she died from a forced massive heart failure. Seven
  of Nine is the one who figured out what attacked the engineer. "The controls
  to the ship are locked out and are slowly being assimilated. We probably have
  one drone on the ship but there is no logical reason why Ensign Kott was raped
  and murder." Counselor Troi stepped in, "But aren't their Borg Breeder's who
  rape females?"  
 "Yes, there are breeders." Seven of Nine answered. "But they only rape for
  breeding purposes. Ensign Kott was on her menstrual period and she was raped
  in a non-breeding area. Plus, the Borg only assimilates and not murder." Admiral
  Janeway covered the dead crewman, "Unless we are dealing with a former Borg
  drone. For now on all of us stay together until we eliminate this person. Dax,
  are we on a course to DS9?" The youngest member of the groups told her of the
  course into the Bad Lands. Janeway knew that if they get trapped in there then
  they might never see home again. As with the previously dead helmsman, the
  engineer's body was jettisoned into space after they re-clothed her. As soon
  as they left engineering the doors locked behind them, and the former drone
  now had his own quarters in which he could control the ship and its systems.
  The last surviving crew tried to access the weapons lockers to arm themselves,
  but the Borg had already locked those lockers beforehand.  
 Hakes decided to attempt to add fear to the officers by switching on the
  intercom, "Good thinking Admiral Janeway in keeping everybody together. However
  I do have control of the ships systems, and that means that I have control
  of you. Another one of you will be raped in 21 hours and 39 minutes, and I
  wish you luck in preventing it from happening. Each day one of you will be
  raped -- including you Janeway! Once we reach the Bad Lands then I'll continue
  to rape each one of you over and over again until you commit suicide or kill
  me. If you can." Admiral Janeway demanded that the intruder identify himself,
  and the reply is to wait and find out when she gets her ass ripped open. However,
  Seven of Nine recognized the voice from the past. "It is Lt. Hakes. He was
  assimilated some time back and became a breeder. He warned me that he enjoyed
  the act of forcing himself into a female and that he is want to do the same
  thing to Admiral Janeway for revenge." Janeway nodded her head, "I remember
  you telling me of him in Unimatrix Zero Seven. But why does he want to rape
  all of you when it is me he wants?" Erzi Dax gave her a possible answer that
  he wanted to hurt her emotionally as well when she finds out that friends or
  crew are being hurt.  
 The five women moved into the conference room. Hakes decided to scare the
  shit out of one of the girl's eight hours before the plan time of assault.
  He shut down the lights in the conference room and entered the room using the
  phasing and cloak technology that the Borg gave him. Using technology that
  enabled him to see in the dark he moved around and gently touching the butt's
  or the breasts of his future victims. Each time he touched someone there were
  frantic shouts of the touching. He moved closer to his intended target who
  were apart the others sitting in her chair and drinking coffee. Admiral Janeway
  stood up off the chair to try to detect the intruder. That gave him the opportunity
  he needed and he moved in fast pushing Janeway to the wall. She screamed for
  help as he injected the nanoprobes into her neck just before ripping the top
  part of her tunic off completely. Seven of Nine found him and pounded the back
  of his body, and after doing what he wanted to do Hakes phased through the
  walls.  
 The lights turned back on quickly and the rest of the girls seen the topless
  Janeway. They came to her aid and they all seen the holes in her neck from
  the injection. But she was not transforming into a drone. Her tunic was ripped
  to the point where it could not be repaired, and soon after Janeway found out
  why she was injected as a voice entered her head. "Your thoughts are now my
  thoughts Kathryn. Everything that you see I will see. Everything you hear I
  will hear. Before I attack one of your crewmembers I will inject other probes
  into them, and you will see, hear, and feel what they feel as I rape them.
  Now look up and say goodbye to your crew. The next time you see them in this
  room they will be naked and raped." As she started to yell to the women they
  all materialized into thin air by a transporter unit. Each of them re-materialized
  in their own cramp quarters except for one. Kako O'Brien found herself inside
  the yacht's holodeck and an image of a forest appeared. The original clothing
  she wore is now gone and is replaced by tight beige slacks and a front buttoned
  red blouse. She also noticed that she is braless. With fear building she ordered
  for the holodeck's arch to appear so she could get out. It did not appear because
  Hakes already eliminated all commands except his own. In less than eight hours
  Kako will be raped.  
 With one hour left Hakes moved toward O'Brien. There are already simulated
  sounds of animals that Kako heard. She attempted to trek through a forest of
  pine trees that had no distinguishable trails and she came across a field of
  very high grass. Marion, hidden like a chameleon, jabbed her right butt cheek
  and nanoprobes invaded her blood stream. Quite a few holograph mosquitoes have
  already bitten Kako and she thought that one has just bitten her ass. In less
  that ten minutes later Admiral Janeway started to see and hear everything that
  Kako is. The forest behind Kako disappeared and she stood in the center of
  this grassy field. Fear almost completely consumed her as she trembled, cried,
  and turned around in hopes of finding an escape. Something grabbed her left
  leg and she screamed as she fell downward. It was then, through Kako's eyes,
  that Admiral Janeway got her first good look at Marion Hakes. Unfortunately
  for her, Janeway also felt the intense fear that Kako was feeling especially
  when the slacks and panties were forcibly pulled off of her.  
 The holodeck is near the quarters of the other girls and they were hearing
  the screams of the civilian botanist as Marion lay down on top of her as he
  continued to rip off the rest of her clothing. The fingernails of O'Brien attempted
  to scratch and claw her attackers skin only to be stopped by his defensive
  shielding. Janeway found it difficult to breath from the nanoprobes that transferred
  the entire attack from Kako, and even though Janeway's uniform is still on
  she felt something going into her pussy even though nothing is there! Of course
  Kako felt it to because the Borg's dick was actually forcing itself into her
  hole.  
 Janeway is flat on the floor. Her legs are spread apart just like Kako's.
  Her brain saw the image of Marion pushing himself up with his hands pinning
  down the arms of both girls. Marion sneered at Kako knowing that Janeway could
  hear him as well as feel her pussy being violated. "Enjoying yourself lying
  on the floor unable to move Admiral? This woman's pussy is tight and dry, and
  her small titties are perfect size for biting. Her nipples are smaller that
  her brown nipples Kathryn. You will be able to experience the rape of all the
  girls before you get raped. Now, you will understand what it is like to be
  raped. Now all feel the Borg enhanced dick ladies!"  
 Marion's dick was at its natural erection size when her entered the inner
  regions of Kako's pussy. Using his thoughts the dick swelled in size and grew
  longer penetrating deeper into Kako -- deeper than her husband Miles has ever
  done! Satisfied at the length Marion rocked his hips to start the delivery
  process. No one in the room heard Kathryn grunting and screaming in pain as
  her own pussy started to become saturated with its own fluids. Kako's neck
  was arched back as the dick rammed deep into her cervix and she screamed as
  loud as she could. Her breasts bounced with each inward thrusts and Marion
  easily held his semen for over fifteen minutes using Borg technology. Kako's
  head and upper chest became a shade of red far before Marion released the semen
  into her. He got off the extremely exhausted Kako and groped her naked breasts
  even as she tried to roll away into a fetal position. Marion forcibly rolled
  returned her on her back and placed his fingers onto the saturated entrance
  into her womb. "Here we go again Admiral!", Marion commented with an evil grin
  as he pushed his entire fist inside between O'Brien's legs. Both O'Brien and
  Janeway gasping at the pain brought on by the huge fist that forced itself
  as far as possible into her. Ruptures in the membrane of the vagina caused
  it to bleed heavily as Hakes removed his hand.  
 He ordered the computer to transport both O'Brien and himself directly to
  where Admiral Janeway is. In the far corner Kako curled up into a fetal position,
  and Marion walked over to Kathryn of who he grabbed her by the hair and threw
  her on the table. With one hand holding her down on the table by gripping her
  neck, his other hand ripped the tunic between her legs and placed his hand
  on her very wet pussy. Janeway muttered "bastard" in a very anger tone. "I
  may be a bastard Admiral, and you are a bitch! You left us on that planet and
  you abandoned us. This is pay back time for me. The next woman will be raped
  in her ass hole and you know what that means. Who will get raped next? Will
  it be Dax, Troi, or perhaps your good friend Seven of Nine? It will not be
  you though...yet." Hakes disappeared into thin air thanks to his personal transporter
  unit.  
 With his Borg capability Marion walked on the deck by the crew quarters.
  He stepped into the rooms unnoticed to check and choose the next victim. Seven
  of Nine was desperately trying to open the locked door. But Marion made sure
  that nothing short of a phaser blast would open them. Counselor Troi sensed
  his presence when he stepped in and Marion told her that it is not her time
  yet. Finally, he moved into Dax's quarters. In there the youngest of the group
  is taking a sonic shower to try to relieve her stress, and unlike Troi she
  never did sense his presence even after he entered the shower and stood in
  front of her in his cloaking and phasing mode.  
 For a small girl her breasts are large and still erect for her age. Being
  a five-foot Trill, the most distinguishing feature of her are spots running
  on the sides of her body from the top of her head down to the bottom of her
  feet. Gawking at her naked body made Marion's dick swell. Her "D" size breasts
  has large brown nipples surround by much larger yet lighter brown areola. Beneath
  that flat belly with a deep navel lies her pussy with a thin coat of brown
  hair. From his angle, as she moved to wash her body, he could tell that the
  outer folds of her pussy spread out like the pedals of a flower making it look
  like a fat pussy. Erzi once again turned to face the unseen intruder. She got
  startled as her whole body was pressed against the wall, and a moment later
  the sense turned into pure fear as she finally realized that what was holding
  her against the wall is a 6.25 foot Borg with one arm pinning her neck, and
  the other hand forcing her legs to stay apart as it spread across her vaginal
  area.  
 The other two girls that Marion dropped in on jumped at the loud scream
  of Erzi Dax. The sonic shower masked the tears that are streaming from her
  eyes, and she trembled from the fact that the Borg is bending down and she
  felt his tongue and teeth ravage her right hand side nipple. What was worse
  for her is than three of his fingers are now pressing deep into her pussy.
  There is little pain to the intrusion because her body does not need foreplay
  to get the pussy ready for insertion. Her last two lovers, the Klingon Lt.
  Cmdr. Worf and Dr. Julian Bashir, found that out easily themselves.  
 Marion straightened up to face Erzi directly with less than an inch separating
  them. Her frightened blue eyes looked directly into the brown eyes of the intruder.
  He smiled, as he smelled the sweet breath of his panting pray; "Your pussy
  is much too easy to get into Dax. I prefer tight holes to rape. Now is not
  the right time for us to fuck. Tomorrow you will get milk forced into your
  pussy because I have detected an egg waiting for me. But not before I force
  my large dick into your ass hole. There is nothing in your symbiant's memory
  that compares what will be forced into your body." Before Dax had a chance
  to answer the intruder both of their lips joined together. As he pressed his
  flat chest against the two very soft breasts Marion closed his fingers inside
  Erzi's pussy. Her hips reacted to the building pain and a fiery sensation enveloped
  it as the Borg spikes ejected out of his knuckles and into the fleshy interior.
  That is also the very first sensation that Janeway felt from the direct line
  of communication. As Marion slowly re-cloaked and phased he assured Dax that
  he would see her in the morning. She slid down on her butt crying ignoring
  the frantic calls on her intercom by Dianna Troi. A few hours later Dax returned
  the call telling her exactly everything that happened.  
 As time passed Erzi paced her small quarters uneasily. She had very little
  sleep during the night. She flinched as the ship received its first jolt from
  the plasma storms in the Bad Lands. She heard the main engines shut down as
  the ship coasts its way into nowhere. The Bad Lands is one area in space that
  no large ships can survive in one piece very long, and small ships like the
  VIP shuttle can be tossed around like a twig in rough waters. As the shuttle
  entered a plasma current the shock through Erzi off of her feet and her head
  hit the wall of the sleeping quarters knocking her out cold. When she woke
  up she found herself near the tree line of a mountain trail without any clothing
  on. She recognized the trail from a childhood memory of camping in the mountains
  on Trill. The air is hot and muggy. She soon realized that she is in the shuttle's
  holodeck and assuming that the safeties have been deactivated she found a massive
  stone and a solid branch. If the Borg is going to rape her then he is going
  to have to fight her first!  
 What seemed like hours went by as she walked cautiously on the mountain
  trail. "WHERE ARE YOU!" Erzi yelled at the top of her lungs, "YOU SAID THAT
  YOU ARE GOING TO RAPE ME! ARE YOU AFRAID OF A WOMAN WHO IS GOING TO DEFEND
  HERSELF?" The simulated cool breeze caused a chill on her naked body, and the
  wind also carried the sound of a savage animal that a former lover (Lt. Cmdr.
  Worf) told her about that lived on his home planet of Kronos. It is the Targ.
  A vicious and destructive hairy hog. A saber tooth beast with an ivory horn
  and bony spikes along its spine. The Targ has a vicious temper and will attack
  anything without reason. Her primitive weapons would have no effect on this
  beast and she seen three of the beasts walking over a far hill with their noses
  in the air as in an attempt to locate the Trill. Erzi turned and ran down the
  mountain trail as fast as she could. With the Targ's running at a slightly
  faster pace behind her Erzi turned into a tight cavern and climbed upward.
  The rough minerals of the volcanic stone scraped and cut her un-clothed body
  but she finally made it to a ledge and sat down on a boulder to catch her breath
  and cry from the stress.  
 The good thing about the holodeck is that Marion can hide anyplace he wants
  to be and at that particular moment Marion disguised himself as the rock that
  Erzi is sitting on. He had the holodeck heat and humidity turned up and Erzi's
  wet body reflected the simulated sun. Erzi bent her head down between her knees
  since she felt dizzy as the humidity is getting to her. Her eyes went wide
  as the stone turned into humanoid legs and two powerful arms wrapped around
  her chest! "I told you that I was going to rape your ass hole and pussy Dax!",
  Marion announced as his dick grew more erect. As Dax tried unsuccessfully to
  get away, Marion forced her ass cheeks to align with his growing penis and
  after getting it between the two muscles Marion thrusted his hips upward until
  the head of the dick found the tight hole.  
 Everyone on the shuttle heard Dax's screams as well as Janeway's. Mrs. O'Brien
  attempted to comfort the Admiral as she twisted her body on the floor. Erzi
  is forced on the ground with the massive dick still buried into her ass as
  Marion positioned himself to go in as deep as possible. Gulps of air joined
  the demonic screams of Erzi as the former Borg started to do hard and slow
  thrusts into the stretched out hole. Marion pulled out and disappeared from
  view. Slowly, Erzi pushed herself up and became confused on why the assault
  ended. She feared that it was going to become an ongoing rape. She remembered
  about what he claimed that an egg of hers has been released from the ovary.
  There is no way she could tell where the rapist would come from, and she figured
  that he was close to her and deliberately waiting to make her more fearful, "COME
  AFTER ME AND GET IT OVER WITH!" Erzi yelled into the room. She is afraid, and
  she stumbled on trembling and crying. Every time she heard a noise she was
  sure that the Borg would come out and rape her.  
 Being cloaked, Marion enjoyed seeing the fear from Dax. He already knew
  on how he was going to get her pregnant As Erzi continued to walk; Marion revised
  the holodeck program to have the trail give way to the young counselor. She
  is about to meet more terror that she never thought of!  
 The ledge came out of nowhere to Erzi and she rolled down the rocky slope
  into a mountain stream. After she got up she spotted three Targ's within a
  few meters of her! All of them were snarling with saliva dripping from their
  mouths. The largest one lurched and tackled her down into the stream and its
  jaws snapped as Erzi fought to keep its jaws away from her bruised and weakened
  body. The beast managed to clamp down on her left arm, and Erzi managed to
  grab a large rock with her right hand and used all her strength to smash the
  Targ's ear. The massive animal howled in pain and Erzi got up and ran while
  holding her bleeding arm. Behind her the last two Targ's followed in pursuit.  
 Being unbalanced Erzi's sprinting speed has diminished greatly that gave
  the approaching Targ's the greater advantage. One of the Targ's is actually
  her captor using one of his many Borg programs, and unseen by Erzi Dax, this
  Targ's dick is fully extended. She turned just as the Borg/Targ leaped toward
  her. This time it was too late for her because the Targ's jaws clamped down
  onto her neck keeping a steady and tight pressure.  
 She is completely drained and prepared to be eaten by the heavy beast that
  is on top of her. Her pain sparked as the other Targ licked her open wound.
  Surrender to death her legs relaxed. Expecting her neck to get crushed she
  instead felt something hairy, massive, firm, and warm sliding into her pussy!
  The Targ does not want to eat me, she thought. It wants to mate with me! As
  she looked up in shock the Targ on her transformed into the Borg! She did not
  resist the Borg as he rammed deep into her vagina. She felt the warm fluids
  spread inward inside of her. After the Borg finished delivering the semen Erzi
  found herself on the conference table in front of Admiral Janeway. Her body
  continued to ache however there are no injuries like she seen on the trail.
  It was all-unreal. Except the fact that semen is dripping out of her pussy!  
 Admiral Janeway quickly went to Dax. "Admiral, check out the screen.", sounded
  the voice of her captor. The screen showed the new program in the holodeck
  and another of her female guests is in it. "ANNIKA!" Admiral Janeway cried
  in torment as Annika Hansen appeared on a simulation of a Borg ship. Annika
  is designated as Seven of Nine.  
 Seven recognized the simulation immediately as a Borg breeding ship. The
  memories of her being forced to breed flooded her thoughts. Before she willingly
  gave her Borg controlled body to be bred, and she knew that the former Starfleet
  officer will were one of the Borg's and will probably grab her when she least
  expects and rape her. Seven of Nine has never been more incorrect as Marion
  stalked her from one of the many cubicles. In less than eighteen hours only
  two will be left to be raped.  
 Seventeen and a half-hours has passed. Seven kept moving and dared not to
  sit and rest. Even though she is getting tired. Ever since Voyager reached
  Earth the scientists and physicians managed to release her of a majority of
  Borg implants. She did not need to be in an alcove anymore to be "recharged".
  She enjoyed the sensations of being a wife and lover to the former first officer
  to the starship Voyager. She even had her vagina opening surgically altered
  to help both Chakotay and her enjoy sexual interactions. Every time a simulated
  Borg moved she jumped. She even seen breeding being occurred. Annika jumped
  after a Borg hand touched her shoulder. She slipped away and ran.  
 As she turned around a corner she is grabbed by a Borg female of which it
  pulled on Seven's upper tunic and ripped it apart. Admiral Janeway seen and
  heard the screams of her adopted daughter as seven continued to run. Her large
  breasts bounced with her very step. The image zoomed on the former drone's
  large pink nipples and areola. The camera moved outward to show Seven dodging
  several Borg's as thy attempt to grab her. One of which grabbed her ankle and
  Seven fell down on the deck only to lose the rest of her clothing. However,
  Seven did not give up as she pulled away.  
 Marion enjoyed watching the attempted escape as well. The Borg permanently
  made Seven incapable of having children. However for her husband's pleasure
  she has a bald pussy!  
 On the same path that Seven is running a simulated male Borg activated his
  penis and it grew into a long and large organ. He grabbed the hair on Seven's
  head and forced her down on her knees and he stepped out of the alcove with
  his dick approaching Seven's mouth.  
 The screen in front of Admiral Janeway zoomed in on the tense face of Annika
  Hansen as the huge dick pushed inside of her mouth and the Borg forced her
  to have oral rape. However, Janeway is also on the floor being forced to take
  the same punishment of her adopted daughter. Several other male Borg's approached
  Annika, and she is forced to lay on her back as her mouth continued to be violated.
  As the first Borg positioned himself above her face, another one lifted her
  body to slide underneath it and ram his massive organ into her ass hole. and
  held her thighs apart leaving her pussy wide open. Marion came to her and looked
  toward the camera that is showing the double hole assault. Without saying a
  word he bent down and put his mouth onto the Annika's bald pussy.  
 Seven gagged as the semen of the Borg fuck her mouth squirted into her throat.
  Her muscles were tight as she fought to get loose but four Borg's held her
  down. She looked down and seen Marion sucking her pussy, then another Borg
  pulled her face back down to shove its dick into her mouth, and again she went
  through the entire painful and disgusting oral sex. She counted at least five
  times that both her mouth and ass hole were forced to fuck and filled with
  semen, and as she spat out the semen out of her mouth she felt Marion's dick
  force itself into between her thighs and into her pussy. She arched at the
  pain of the massively large dick sliding into her. As he stayed in one position,
  Annika's mouth and ass were also violated at the same time. All three male
  Borg's simultaneously pumped together and simultaneously climaxed.  
 The next hour were followed by groups of three Borg males all fucking Seven
  at the same time. Several times Seven threw up from the semen that seeped down
  to her stomach. After it was done the ravaged body of seven laid on the deck.
  Her face, ass, and pussy were glazed by wet and crusty semen. She looked up
  at the sound of another Borg approaching her. It's Marion, and his dick is
  out once again. "Please. No more. Don't rape me anymore." Annika begged. She
  did not resist as her body is pulled upward and forced against an empty alcove.
  She permitted her right leg to be lifted upward, and again felt Marion slide
  easily into her pussy. She arched as Marion had his penis grow longer and deeper
  into her and as he crushed her breasts. "You have been apart from the collective
  too long Annika.", Marion told her, "Now you will become a part of me. Welcome
  back to where your belong Seven of Nine!" Annika's eyes went wide as soon as
  she felt the Borg nanoprobes invade her breast, and as she felt her body once
  again being assimilated by this one Borg's devices. She cried as her body slowly
  became a slave to Marion, and transported to Admiral Janeway. She knew what
  Marion's plans were to Janeway and she could not prevent it from happening
  or warn her friend. Annika attempted to say something to Janeway but she could
  not get her mouth to move.  
 Admiral Janeway came to her friend who is sitting naked on the floor. Even
  though the Admiral spoke to the former Seven of Nine she just sat and stared
  onward. Kathryn Janeway felt lost. She has three naked women in with her all
  of whom have been sexually assaulted and raped, and she could not contact Troi
  to get her advice. Unfortunately she is well aware that Troi is probably going
  to be raped next. Then, she will probably be last. Trying to give the women
  with her some dignity Admiral Janeway reached for her torn tunic and ripped
  it into thirds. both O'Brien and Dax gladly accepted the ripped portions to
  cover their breasts. But, Annika appeared to be in serious shock and would
  not even lift an arm to accept the tunic portion.  
 Through Annika's eyes, Marion could see Admiral Janeway. When she bent down
  the breasts hanged and swayed. Unknown to any of the girls the Borg nanoprobes
  that he injected into them, to force Janeway to live through the same horror
  of rape, also has a second purpose of permitting Marion to take control of
  them just like he has control over Annika. In less than 24 hours Janeway will
  see just how much control he has on them!  
 Dianna Troi knew that she is the next one to be raped. She fought hard to
  keep her fear in, but she knew sooner or later her body will be violated and
  ravaged. She has been raped by mental powers in the past, she has counseled
  women and men who were violated, and through the use of her ability to sense
  her patient's emotions she knows emotionally what would happen to her. The
  intercom beeped an alert to get her attention. She answered it hoping that
  it would be one of the other women but she soon realized that it is the Borg
  captor. "A few hours ago Troi, Seven of Nine got gang raped in the holodeck
  more than once by Borg drones before I had my way with her. She is now with
  the other women and Admiral Janeway. All of them, except Janeway, are in a
  state of shock and are in my full control."  
 Troi knew this game that he is playing. He was trying to get her terrified.
  But she knew mind games as well as she shot back, "So. This is how you get
  revenge by hurting innocent people. I heard that you were once a Starfleet
  Officer Mr. Hakes. You have disgraced that uniform by hurting innocent women,
  by raping them, by violating their bodies. How does that make YOU feel?" There
  is silence. Hakes saw the grin on her face, "I have been declared dead by Janeway.
  I am part Borg. I am a breeder who is designed to breed female humanoids and
  to assimilate them whenever possible. I have no connection with the collective
  anymore...". Troi shot back, "BUT YOU DO ARE NOT THINKING LIKE A BORG! YOU
  CHOSE TO RAPE ALL OF US. IT IS NOT OUT OF INSTRUCTIONS. IT IS BY YOUR OWN WILL! "  
 "I don't give a shit if it is by instructions or my free will. I enjoy raping
  women, and I enjoy hurting Janeway." Hakes replied. "You are next Counselor
  Troi. Where do you want to be raped? Right they're in your sleeping quarters,
  or someplace else?" Troi defended herself; "I DO NOT WANT TO BE RAPED!" Again,
  more silence. "Then, remove your clothing now and wait for me. I'll fuck you
  and let you go." Marion figured that Troi would not accept his offer and he
  is right. "I gave you the chance counselor. I will fuck your pussy. With or
  without your permission. I would keep an eye on your clothing Troi. It will
  not be on for much longer."  
 Again there is silence. Dianna sat back down on the bed and silently cried.
  Even if she did take off her clothing and let him mate with her it would still
  be a violation on her. She now regrets wearing the uniform that she chose.
  It is a modestly low cut top with a thigh high skirt. Plus, she wore dark brown
  panty hose. For a crew of women it meant nothing, but now there is a sex-craved
  maniac turned rapist on the ship. The uniform to him it means that she is a
  ripe fruit for the taking!  
 Through Annika's eyes the Borg is watching Janeway as she is crouching down
  and working in a pulled out panel. Every time he had Seven of Nine move to
  the panel Admiral Janeway always stopped what she was doing and would not permit
  anyone get near it. She even slapped Erzi Dax to keep her away. Marion figured
  nothing is going to happen since he had still full control of the ship's computer  
 Janeway finished tapping the code onto a makeshift console. She connected
  it to the secondary emergency communications array data conduit and all she
  had to do was to find a compatible power supply. Once she found one she connected
  it and the code started to be transmitted outward by-passing the computer.
  Janeway did not notice the woman comming behind her and they jerked her back
  way from the open console. Annika looked into the console and seen what Janeway
  was doing. She grabbed several power conduits and shorted out the system. The
  makeshift communication device was instantly destroyed. The Borg saw Admiral
  Janeway smiling through Seven of Nine. "You're too late bastard, you're much
  too late!" Janeway answered the look, for after the initial code was sent it
  went into a continuous loop and kept sending the message over and over again
  to the inaccessible secondary communications array.  
 The Borg ordered Erzi Dax to grab Janeway's arms from behind her. With the
  Borg nanoprobes in her body Dax is now as strong as a full-grown man. Marion
  stepped into the room with the other women. Kako and Seven of Nine didn't even
  seem to notice or care that they are still naked in front of the Borg. Janeway
  looked toward him and tried to struggle out of the grip of the smaller woman
  with no avail. Marion walked toward the Admiral. He gently lifted the left
  breast with his hand and gently squeezed the small pink nipple. The wider areola
  that is the same color of the nipple, and large goose bumps formed on the outer
  edges of the areola. Janeway turned her faced and cried out a "NO!" Soon after
  she screamed as the Borg bit into her nipple and drew blood. "Your time is
  almost here Admiral. Annika and Kako. Bring Counselor Troi here. I'm sure that
  the good admiral would like to see her counselor get raped right in front of
  her, before she gets raped in the ass herself!" Both of the girls left right
  away. Hakes' hand slipped down into her pussy, "Yes Admiral. Your ass hole
  will be ripped open not your pussy, and you are not going to enjoy the rape.
  I guarantee that!"  
 What emotions that the two assimilated women had were bottled up tight in
  their brains. They knew what they are doing and seen where they are going,
  but they had no control over their actions whatsoever. Kako is the only one
  who showed any hint of emotion as a single tear came out of her eye.  
 With her limited telepathic ability Deanna Troi attempted to contact any
  other telepathic beings. The opening of her door startled her immediately,
  and when she turned both Seven of Nine and Kako O'Brien stood in front of her
  in the nude. "Seven? Kako?" Troi asked as she attempted to get their attention
  by waving her hand in front of their face. In a combined monotone voice Seven
  and Kako gave Troi the dreaded answer her hoped and pray that she would never
  receive, "Commander Troi. Mental health counselor of Starfleet Command. You
  are to come with us to be bred within the collective. Your distinctive biological
  capabilities will be added to the Borg collective. Resistance in futile."  
 Troi backed up shaking her head unable to say anything. Both Seven and Kako
  moved together towards the uniformed Starfleet officer each grabbing her arms
  and dragged Troi out of her quarters screaming. Over in the conference room,
  Admiral Janeway attempted to stop the unwanted sexual molestation by the former
  Starfleet officer. As his hand finger fucked the Admiral, she gave a swift
  kick directly into the Borg's groin. But, instead of making the Borg collapse
  in pain her foot burned in agony after it struck the Borg's armor plating. "One
  of the many advantages of being the product of Borg technology Admiral. The
  breeding equipment that they have enhanced is the most protected part of my
  body. Even the maxinum power of a phaser cannon cannot do much damage." The
  screams of Troi became more apparent and Hakes moved away from the Admiral.
  Borg Hakes ordered his female slaves to throw Troi onto the table and keep
  her arms and legs pinned. The counselor found herself forced down on her back
  with the two crewmates holding her arms down and keeping her legs pulled apart.
  She screamed and yelled in a vain attempt to get the girls to release her,
  and as she looked up she saw the Borg that created the entire nightmare. Between
  his legs a sexual organ started to grow outward. Grown not from sexual arousal
  but by Borg implants.  
 Dax forced Janeway closer to the conference table to get an exquisite view
  of her counselor and the rapist that us about to violate her. "Check this out
  Admiral. The Borg knew that various species require various lengths to deliver
  sperm, so they equipped breeders the capability to change the size of the male
  penis. Right now my dick is a normal size erect penis, but check out what I
  can do with very little effort!" Soon the erect penis grew considerably longer
  and larger. The mere size of the organ brought out intense fear from Troi because
  she thought that her is going to put that mammoth organ into her. He reached
  into her skirt and ripped a hole into her panties and panty hose. Then he moved
  the gargantuan dick towards her entrance. He knew that the size is far to great
  to penetrate a Trill's pussy so he adjusted the size to an acceptable but painful
  male Trill's penis (which is slightly greater than a human's is). The head
  penetrated the torn fabric and moved into the parched and rigid entrance.  
 In all her years of command Admiral Janeway seen and heard pain from burns,
  decapitation, and other serious injuries. But this did not compare to the pain
  and agony that she seen and heard from her new friend. Dianna's head is thrashing
  back and forth as her womanhood is being forced to accept an abnormally large
  dick. Hakes has his dick to go into an automated burrowing mode. Troi's constant
  thrashing caused the burrowing muscle to miss the entrance and it jabs into
  her thighs, until her natural moisture permitted the penis to slide easily
  into deeper regions. After ten agonizing minutes the invading dick went as
  deep as Troi's body would permit it. Satisfied with the amount of penetration
  Hakes switch from burrowing mode to drive mode making the inward pulsations
  faster and harder. As his dick automatically drove into the newest victim Marion
  bent down closer to Troi's body and grabbed her chest. As soon as she felt
  her breasts groped Commander Troi spat large loads of salvia onto the Borg's
  face, and Marion reacted violently by slapping the Betazoid's face. After the
  spitting stopped, Troi felt the fabric of the top of her uniform being pulled
  and ripped. Soon her large bouncing breasts were in the open swaying with each
  harsh inward thrust. Troi's breasts were the best of the group. Her dark skin
  enhanced her large dark nipples and areole. The thrusting stopped as he filled
  her caverns with human sperm, that mixed her husband's sperm that was still
  present from the lovemaking they had before she left.  
 Hakes pulled out of her and grabbed Admiral Janeway. Placing her in between
  the councilor's open legs. He then shoved Janeway's face down upon the wet
  and semen saturated pussy of Councilor Troi . Janeway's white ass and its dark
  brown opening is in perfect position for his still erect penis. He had it grown
  longer and wider before he shoved it into Janeway's tight asshole! As she opened
  her mouth to scream from the pain, Hakes just pushed it down on Troi's pussy
  more.  
 The teeth of Janeway accidentally caused more pain to Troi, as she still
  remained pinned. She did not want to look at Janeway as she was being raped
  in her anus, so she turned her head to the corner where no one is standing.
  A hazy image of green figurines formed in the corner, and she counted five
  of them. One moved forward and raised its arm. It is another Borg!  
 Hakes was having too much fun to instantly noticed the five new visitors.
  He stopped fucking Janeway's ass hole when he finally seen them, but by that
  time it was too late as he was directly hit by an energy beam comming out of
  the raised Borg's arm. Hakes flew out of Janeway's ass and crashed onto the
  bulkhead temporarily deactivating. The shut down released his controls over
  the women crew, and they got back to themselves. Dax looked up at the new guests.
  One is a Borg woman and the rest are Romulan marines! The Borg woman is a Romulan
  herself, and she barked out orders in her native tongue. The marines quickly
  placed devices on the drone known as Hakes. The devices made sure that the
  drone remained deactivated.  
 As Janeway looked toward the one that is giving orders she told Janeway
  that everything will be OK, before she touched her personal communicator and
  again spoke in her native language. Soon, more Romulans transported on the
  ship with blankets to cover the nudity of the Starfleet personnel and the civilian.
  They are medical personnel. As Admiral Janeway is being taken care the Romulan
  Borg came to her, "I am Sub-Commander T'Pal of the Romulan Warbird Blackeagle.
  We picked up your distress signal earlier Admiral Janeway and I personally
  apologize for not comming nay sooner." Admiral looked at her crew. All of whom
  were being treated for shock and are being scanned. The Romulan knew what Janeway
  is thinking, "They are locating the nanoprobes, which the Borg Breeder forced
  in them, for we can deactivate or remove them on my ship. We can also remove
  the memories of what he did to you Admiral, but we do not believe in terminating
  any pregnancies. What you people decide to do will be your decision. With your
  permission I would like to transport all of you back to my ship." The admiral
  looked toward her former officer called Hakes, "What of him?" Telair's tone
  switched to a more serious and anger note, "He will be charged for crimes against
  the Romulan Empire and be dealt with accordingly. He raped the granddaughter
  of the Minister of the Tal Shiar in Unimatrix Zero. That is I Admiral Janeway
  and I searched for this jerk for a long time when I found out that he was heading
  for the Alpha Quadrant. Don't worry Admiral Janeway, he won't be hurting anyone
  anymore. Commander Loch has sent a message to Starfleet and we will be rendezvousing
  with one of your warships in a few days."  
Epilogue  
 As promised the Tal Shiar warship released the six women to the USS Battleaxe
  in neutral space. The Tal Shiar physicians managed to eliminate all memories
  and injuries from the rapes, and unbeknownst to the Starfleet officers they
  also managed to get quite of bit of classified information out of their heads
  as well! Erzi Dax and Dianna Troi both became pregnant. Troi gave her daughter
  up for adoption when it was found out that it was not from her husband's DNA,
  and Dax's child died from incompatibility of the Trill's biology.  
 Despite Admiral Janeway's demands the former Starfleet Officer turned Borg
  was kept in a Romulan brig. He is now serving a life sentence mining Dilithium
  deep inside the planet Remus in solitary confinement with only two Tal Shiar
  marines to keep him company, and no chance whatsoever to see any sunlight again.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





