BDSM Library - Time Out...




Time Out...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Since you were a bad beast this morning, I am going to leave you out here, alone with your mask, so you can think about things this week, pet. Being treated like an animal, chained to the stones in the center of a medieval city by the top of your mask, left to be used and abused by the townsfolk for your unfaithfulness to your Master. Treated like an unruly dog perhaps even used by dogs, or other livestock...This is a work of Adult fiction I would like to dedicate to my Master&hellip;  
   
 Time Out&hellip;   
   
   
  Once I have carefully removed all traces of Myself from your unworthy flesh
  I Make a point of flicking all of the seed off the blade of the knife across
  the iron mask. The sound of steel glides over wrought iron right across your
  covered, sightless eyes. 
   
  Since you were a bad beast this morning, I am going to leave you out here,
  alone with your mask, so you can think about things this week, pet. Being treated
  like an animal, chained to the stones in the center of a medieval city by the
  top of your mask, left to be used and abused by the townsfolk for your unfaithfulness
  to your Master. Treated like an unruly dog perhaps even used by dogs, or other
  livestock... 
   
   Each word blazes through me, every illusion of control evaporates
  with the words as the world shifts and changes... 
   
  I can hear the sound of Your laughter as cool smooth clean marble gives way
  to rough hewn stones. The sound of booted feet echoing off the walls gives
  way to the muted thud of soles striking packed earth. As You move off even
  that sound becoming lost in the rise of other sounds, people laughing, children
  playing, women bickering, men bartering the price of barley and hops. Chickens
  squawk as restless Destriers and carthorses shift sharp hooves as they swish
  tails to fight off the bite of the flies. Dogs nip and growl at each other
  over a piece of meat. Pigs squeal as blades cut deep into throats. 
   
  In that moment, all the security of who I am and what I am lost faded into
  nothingness. 
   
Anger like nothing I had ever felt fills me to overflowing Small clenched
  fists beat the ground. Animalistic howls fill the market place. With every
  pulse of my heart, I can feel the blood pounding inside me. I go wild in my
  anger. Grabbing the chain, I stand and move back, bare feet digging into the
  earth and with everything I have I pull at the chain and hook. The word futility
  has no meaning in my mind. The fact that is it steel connected to steel is
  meaningless to the hands pulling as nails break and fingers begin to bleed. 
I am alone. My Master has left me to this fate. His walking away from
    me, leaving me here removes me from the Power of his protection from my worse
    enemy. 
   
  A deep coarse voice of a mercenary knight reaches into the abyss of my anger, "Just
  look here&hellip; not so high an mighty is she. The Master whore" 
   
  Laughter surrounds me even as the wide belt comes down across the facemask
  crushing the flesh behind it.  
   
"The cunt wears his cum across her 'face' like some kind of badge of honor&hellip; dirty
pig&hellip; nothing but a whore and a whore's a whore but you know what? There
is nothing worse than a unfaithful one" 
   
  The belt comes down for a second strike across my back, wrapping around so
  the tip explode on the side of my breast. I fall to the ground and try to protect
  myself curling up to make a smaller target only to feel the belt devastate
  the flesh of my hip and buttocks. 
   
"Did you hear His words? We can do anything we want to her" a second tormentor
laughed. Suddenly I am being dragged across the ground by the chain. my head
jerked up as the chain secures me in an standing position.  
   
"Look at that gapping hole. How many cock's do you suppose the bitch has swallowed?"  
   
  Hands grab my arms pulling them back, hands lashed together, brutally lifted
  high making my breast stand out&hellip;. 
   
  *SMACK* 
   
  The belt comes down with deadly accuracy across my breasts. Nipples targeted
  with glee, each swing ruthlessly savage in intent.  
   
"How&hellip; *SMACK*&hellip;much... *SMACK*...pounding... *SMACK *&hellip;.can &hellip;*SMACK*&hellip;tits&hellip; *SMACK*&hellip;take
*SMACK*&hellip; before &hellip;*SMACK*&hellip;they &hellip;*SMACK*&hellip;burst &hellip;*SMACK*&hellip;from &hellip; *SMACK*&hellip;it  
Even as the belt strikes, I can feel booted feet kicking my feet apart
    and a bar being placed between my wide spread ankles then the feel of leather
    surrounding each one making it impossible to close my legs... 
   
  An impossibly large cock comes to rest at the entrance to my anus. The hands
  holding my arms up force them higher forcing me to lean forward so that my
  ass is open and waiting for this monster cock&hellip; 
   
"I don't think he wants her to enjoy her time with us&hellip;" crude laughter
accompanies the feel of being ripped open by the cock ramming its way through
dry warm flesh into the moist cavern of my body. The friction of each thrust
is like fire on my torn bleeding flesh and still it is nothing in comparison
to the monster at my cunt&hellip; 
   
  Fingers incredibly soft and gentle pull the hood protecting my clit back&hellip; 
   
  The belt at my chest&hellip; the cock in my ass&hellip; 
   
  *LICK* long and slow crosses my exposed nub of nerves&hellip;*LICK*&hellip; a
  strong rough tongue slithers along my open flesh&hellip;*LICK*&hellip;  
   
A vicious snicker reaches my ears&hellip; 
   
"Look at the cunt dripping for the feel of anything between her legs" 
   
  *LICK* 
   
  The long rough tongue moves over the tip of my clit. Feelings so intense they
  border on mind destroying pain reach deep into my soul as the reality reaches
  my ears. As jagged teeth begin to worry the nub of flesh, I can smell the animal's
  coat even as my ears pick up the low animal whine&hellip; 
   
"Trapped in the taste of a yummy pussy snack Brutus?" 
   
  The cock in my ass grows ever larger as the man ferociously explodes deep in
  me. 
   
  The man with the belt laughs as he watches the flesh beneath his unrelenting
  punishment become red then purple as my tits begin to swell and bruise. After
  one last excruciatingly vicious blow, I hear the belt land on the ground and
  fingers give the flesh a butterfly caress causing total and complete agony.  
   
"I think the cunt needs to spend a little time on her back"  
   
  With that pronouncement the chain hold me up is jerked loose and down to the
  ground where it is again secured. My head rests in the dirt. My arms lashed
  together in the small of my back force my body to arch.  
   
"Nothing like a nice warm tittie fuck to warm a lonely soldier up and these tits
are positively roasting from the heat of my tenderizing belt" 
   
  His comes to rest on my chest. His hips and buttocks rest just below the battered
  and beaten flesh. Strong hands squeeze the meat around his cock as he begins
  to thrust his own meat through the black and blue tunnel. My wordless cries
  of agony arouse laughter among the men.. With each thrust he tightens his fists.
  Between his weight and the chain upon my head and the bar at my ankles, my
  withering anguish is just the slightest of movement.  
   
"Damn brut&hellip; she misses you. Look at her lift that cunt begging for more.
I think she just likes that too much. Lets see if we can fix that little problem." If
I could have seen the malicious light in his eyes, I would have been immobilized
with fear. Walking back to where the Destriers waited he open the pack resting
at its feet. Opening it he pulls out a small packet. Using the leather gauntlet
he lifted a single leaf from the pile then walking back to where I lay open and
exposed he steps between my wide spread thighs and with relentless fingers push
the fragile hood away from my engorged clit.  
   
"Listen up whore&hellip; ever heard of stinging nettles?" 
   
  My horrified cry is enough of an answer&hellip;. 
   
"Well these aren't them&hellip;"  
   
  His fanatical laughter made me shutter with fear that even the torture of my
  tit fucking couldn't override. 
   
"I bought these little beauties from a traveling cleric who had just returned
from the Far East and well they are just a little stronger&hellip;" 
   
  With that he touches the leaf to just the tip of my clit. The stinging is immediate
  and unfathomable. My entire being goes so ridged that bones almost break under
  the pressure. Fire like nothing else consumes the very tip of my clit. This
  could last hours unless treated. 
   
"This little nettle comes from a far away place full of heathens and the good
Father figures this is one of Gods retributions. The fires of hell do not last
a few hours or days... or even months&hellip; they last at least a year. Fitting
punishment for a faithless whore "  
   
  With that he takes the nettle away and lets my hood go. The protective hood
  now acts as a lid making sure none of the juice is lost and is totally absorbed
  into the nerve rich flesh.  
   
  The man on my chest pounds in and out of the warm tunnel., pistoning in and
  out as he takes in the words. The sexual torture excites him beyond endurance.
  With a roar, his cum splatters across my battered body, desecrating Master's
  canvas. In an instant, he is on his feet with a rope he attaches to the ends
  of the bar at my feet and I am lifted until I am upside down. The blood rushing
  to my head, my mouth now at the perfect height, the chain is pulled tight so
  I cannot swing.  
   
  The first cock attacks the open hole, going as deep as it can.  
   
"You might want to lean back just a little bit so I don't catch you." 
   
  The words barely register as the short wide belt lands on my exposed pussy.
  My whole body jerks in reaction and my throat closes over the cock.  
"Damn&hellip; that feels good&hellip; hit it again" 
Crushing fire mushrooms into shattering pain. My scream encompassing
    the cock lodged in my throat with the most spectacular sensations. It became
    a game to see who can elicit the loudest longest screams. It was not the
    belt but the fingers and tongue working together. The cock in my mouth as
    the tongue attacks my inflame clit while fingers twist welt split nipples.
    Each man came at least twice in my raw throat.  
   
"Time to put her on her knees. The Lord said she was a beast. What say you we
try out that idea?" 
   
  None to gently I am dropped. The chains shorten so that my forehead rests on
  the ground. The ropes that I had hung by are looped through the same ring as
  my head chain. My legs are wide spread, my ass high in the air with my aching
  breast taking the weight of my upper body.  
   
"Would you look at that cunt?" 
   
  The lips to my sex were widespread and brick red form the abuse. My clit under
  constant unrelenting attach is hard the hood pulled and held back by nature.
  Trying to life my weight off my chest makes my head bob to the pain. Without
  conscious thought my ass bounces in an attempt to put out the fires of hell
  as I dance to the tune of the men. 
   
"Brutus&hellip;yeah boy we'll take your out for a little hunt later&hellip; their
have been wolves spotted in the forests&hellip; but for now&hellip; its time
you have a little fun with a bitch in heat for what you have hanging between
your legs." 
   
  Until that moment I had no clue how big this beast is. I can feel the animal
  sniffing at my open sex. He has to duck his head to taste his bitch. His long
  tongue licks the musky juice. He retreats to pace slowly around me. Warm urine
  strikes my neck where the mask meets skin. He is marking his territory, making
  the bitch-gift his. With a howl, he mounts my back. His long thin cock rests
  at the entrance to my cunt. His claws scratch my back before they come to rest
  beyond me. My ass wiggles in an attempt to escape him. He lowers his head and
  rests it against my shoulder. His growl of warning leaves me no illusions of
  mercy from this hairy beast. With a lunge of his hips, his cock hammers my
  cervix. In and out his cock flies., once even ramming hard into my ass when
  he misses his mark. Coming back the next lunge hitting his target. Then it
  happens as he goes as deep as he can. His knot rises and expands and he becomes
  trapped inside me. The knot stretches me beyond anything I had dreamed I could
  take and not be split open. His cum begins pumping into me. Hot rivulets of
  it coat my insides trapped by the knot. Done with me he tries to withdraw.
  His cock is lodge tight as he pulls harder and harder trying to free himself.
  In the process, he begins ripping me. 
   
  I slump as I pass out with the pain.  
Cold water engulfs me.  
   
"Well whore&hellip;. I think Brutus liked your hot box&hellip; but you know what&hellip; I
don't think we've even come close to touching you where it matters&hellip;" 
   
  The knife slides along my open legs&hellip; snaking around me&hellip;teasing
  as it moves&hellip; 
   
"Come on whore, you don't need this to ply your trade do you?" 
   
  The knife glides over soft warm flesh coming to rest over my most prized possession... 
   
"What say you whore? We remove this for Him so He does not have to worry about
you ever again. You have been with him for how long and still do not know how
to please him. In your mind, you saw him walk away laughing glad to be rid of
you. Leaving you alone to face your worst enemy with nothing. Hell, he leaves
you to our tender mercies. Just a little slice here and there then you can both
move on. See it is the answer to all his problems with you Whore's and sluts
are not supposed to  feel   anything and things
like this will always evoke emotions from you. Come on bitch&hellip; Just say
the word and it will be gone&hellip; All your worries about if you can please
your Master&hellip; gone&hellip;You know he deserves more than some broken down
whorish slut who feels way to much to ever make a well behaved whore&hellip; and
I can fix that for him&hellip;  
   
  Bitch, you can fix it for him&hellip;Just a simple yes bitch&hellip;Problem
  solved&hellip;" 
   
  Every emotion in me is centered on his message&hellip; maybe I can make Him
  happy with a little cut here&hellip; a little cut there&hellip; closing my
  eyes, tears form as my mind centers on the razor sharp blade of the knife resting
  against me.  
   
"Come on bitch&hellip; its only a little brand&hellip; His Mark&hellip; I can
slice it away in a heartbeat&hellip; and no one will ever know&hellip; but you&hellip; and
Him&hellip;. Then he's free of your whiny presence&hellip; 
   
   
   I am going to leave you out here, alone with your mask,
  so you can think about things this week, pet&hellip;   
     
  The mask weighs heavy on me&hellip;the darkness&hellip; and the total loneliness
  I feel hurting me&hellip;. 
   
"Please&hellip; enough Master&hellip; I have been alone with my fears and my
terrors too long&hellip; please let me find shelter in Your power to reign in
me&hellip;. To reign in my fears&hellip;. The worst punishment is always worse
when it is left in the realm of my own imagination&hellip; please&hellip; shelter
me from it&hellip;. please&hellip;. protect me from me&hellip;. 
   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  faith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





