BDSM Library - Findings Kept




Findings Kept
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A once lost Athena stumbles in to the arms of Mistress Gillian only to find her true place.  But of course, nothing in this world is free.
Chapter 1: Formalities

Athena met Miss Aloura G. Beath on a fall evening in a convenience store on the
outskirts of town. Neither of the women was originally from Asheville but found
the town to quite pleasant. Athena thought Aloura to be breathtakingly beautiful
in her presence in addition to her physical flawlessness. So she swallowed back
her usual hesitation and laid her salutations before Aloura.

"Beautiful day, eh?" She paused almost nervously as Aloura turned, said nothing,
and gazed at her.

"Hi, I'm Athena...Athena De'Pourne and may I ask your name?"

Aloura took her time, giving Athena a moment more torment, and responded.

"Hi, Athena...De'Pourne? Is that French?"

"Yes!...it is I'm Canadian and my father's family originated in the south of
France. I'm sorry I did get your name."

"That's because I didn't say. However, my name is Miss Aloura Beath."

"The pleasure is..." Athena was cut off by the cashier's wretched voice.

"WHO IS NEXT!?!"

Stumbling to relocate her tongue Athena walked after Aloura who was indeed next.

"Aloura, I mean...Miss Aloura Beath, would you like to have coffee with me
tomorrow afternoon?" She blinked, eyes closed for what felt like an eternity,
awaiting sure rejection.

"Depends really" Aloura spouted. "Where would you like to have coffee and what
time?"

"Well, where's good for you Miss Aloura?"

"How about my house, 1:30pm sharp coffee and conversation?" (It was more of a
statement than a question really, the way Aloura put it.) "What's your number?
I'll call you tonight at 8 o'clock and give you directions."

"That's perfect!" Athena nearly shouted with excitement.

The ladies exchanged good-byes, information, made their purchases and were
quickly on their way.

All the way to her apartment Athena was drowning in thoughts of Miss Aloura
Beath. She wondered what Aloura thought of her, what kind of home she had, and
if she thought the after lunch coffee to be a date or merely a casual meeting
amongst acquaintances. She was so caught up she drove right past her home.

Aloura, on the other hand, wore a smirk of accomplishment all the way to her
house. She loved leaving young ladies in a squirming fit, mind and body. Into
her home she went, orange juice in hand, right to the cupboard. Pouring a glass
she glanced at the time and went up stairs to draw a bath, giving herself
approximately 1 hour to bathe and thirty minutes to relax before making her
phone call.

"Hello?"

"Hello, Athena this is Aloura. How're you?"

"I'm .." Stuttering a bit because she didn't realize the time "I'm all right,
and yourself?

"Well, I'm quite refreshed and relaxed, fresh out of the shower." That old
familiar smirk began to crawl up Aloura's face as silence permeated the line.
"So, yes...this coffee date is tomorrow Tuesday the 13th at 1:30pm dress
casually. However, I've changed my mind a bit on driving arrangements. "

Athena sat, frozen in micro-spasmic fear as she opened her mouth to nearly
whisper.
"You don't......"(she rephrased with a little more vocal stability) "I'm not
driving to your place?"

"No, I'm going to send my driver to pick you up around 1:10.." Aloura paused
giving the impression that she barely cared what Athena thought of the matter
and finished. "...is that all right with you, Athena?"

An overly enthusiastic "Yes!" surged through the phone line shortly to be
accompanied by a much calmer "Yes, that's fine. I'll give you directions to my
apartment."

The conversation lasted all but 10 minutes but felt longer to Athena. She told
Aloua where she lived and shortly afterwards they shared brief good-byes.

Athena wondered about this "Miss Aloura Beath" and wondered who she really was.
"Well, " she thought "I guess I'll find that out tomorrow".




Chapter 2: On the Rocks

"Dress casually..." (Athena's thoughts ranted on loop) "What did she mean?
`Dress casually'?"

Somewhat confused and moving in slow motion, Athena grabbed a pair of loosely
fitted jeans and a maroon tank and figured it would do for coffee. She sprayed
herself lightly with a vanilla bean scent then looked herself over. She merely
applied a little mascara and sat on the couch to await her ride.

"Hi, how're you?" "Hi, isn't this great weather?" She practiced as she sat.

Miss Aloura took the day off to relax. So coffee with Athena was merely an event
along the way, she thought. Dressed in a nice casual, black top and perfectly
tailored jeans she felt well the part of the better half of an afternoon coffee
date. Slipping on her sandals she realized the time and told Haydn to simply,
"Retrieve my date". And so, her date was retrieved.

Haydn arrived home sweepingly with Ms. Athena De'Pourn, exactly twenty minutes
later, as that was the time he was allotted. He carried himself with such grace
Athena assumed he must be a dancer of some sort. He opened Athena's door and
walked her to the entranceway where a nice, young woman took over and greeted
her. Showing her the way to the garden where the coffee date was scheduled to
occur, she spoke only to inform Athena that "Miss Gillian will be down in 5
minutes".

"Who i..." Before Athena could finish her question the young lady had vanished.

Tapping her foot in wait, as the minutes passed a lackluster future by, Athena
let her mind wander briefly and closed her eyes. When she opened them she found
standing before her, Miss Aloura G. Beath in all her glory. While nervously
regaining composure, Athena noticed the color of Aloura's eyes and was mentally
paralyzed.

"How're you Athena?"

"I'm..I'm."

"You are?" Aloura asked mockingly.

"I'm quite all right, and yourself Aloura?" She answered like she was in a
speed-speaking contest.

"Rather fine, honestly. Thanks."

"Did that young lady before refer to you as `Miss Gillian', or is that someone
else?"

(The question shot past her lips without consulting her brain, all she could do
was hope for the best.)

"Indeed she did, I am Aloura Gillian Beath. Anyone in a position such as her is
to address me as Miss Gillian. "

There was a slight pause in conversation. Athena was puzzled and thought `anyone
in a position such as her'?

Aloura rang the brass bell on the table, lassoing Athena's attention, and
causing the prior woman to reappear.

"Rose, this is my guest Athena. We are having coffee this afternoon see to it
that she is happy."

In a pleasant voice wrapped in a thick Italian accent Rose replied "Yes, Miss
Gillian."

Athena hadn't noticed the accent before; she wondered how she could've missed
it. The conversation picked back up.

"So, you're from Canada?"

"Yes, I was born and raised in Winnipeg, and moved to Nova Scotia when I was 18.
I ended up in the states when I was about 21. Where are you from?" Athena was
intrigued by the barely tainted English accent, which dressed Aloura's every
syllable.

"We never covered my origin did we?" Aloura asked much to herself. "I'm from
Brighton, England I've been here in the states for about 10 years I guess."

Rose brought out the coffee and stood, hands clasped at the small of the back.
Aloura acted as though she wasn't there while Athena, couldn't help but notice
the gorgeous woman hovering over the table. Neither was drinking coffee and
because Athena seemed distracted by Rose Aloura thought she would bring her
back, she didn't like being ignored.

"Athena!"

Athena nearly fell off her chair and answered "Huh?"

"Are you enjoying the view dear?" Aloura asked, waiting for an answer.

"yes?" Leaked Athena.

Athena was brought of her daze by the question and from that moment forward the
two had a wonderful date. They enjoyed each other's company mutually and set up
another date that very evening for dinner, also planned at Aloura's abode. The
dinner would be just as casual and take place inside her wondrous home, upstairs
on the main balcony juxtaposed to the guestroom.

The ladies parted and were to meet again at 5:30pm, Aloura's place.

The time read 3:37 so Athena ran some errands. Aloura laid out by the pool then
showered and readied herself for dinner.

Rose set the table exquisitely. The two person, round table was draped in a
light blue, satin-like cloth. There where two wine glasses, tall but not too
formal. The flatware was breathtaking along side the plates and center placed
vanilla candle.

Athena arrived eagerly at 5:25 ringing the doorbell. Haydn opened the door like
he was standing next to the door waiting for her to arrive. Secretly Athena
believed Haydn to be a very attractive man but led on nothing of the sort.

He directed Athena to the balcony and she nearly gasped at the beauty. She was
dressed exactly as she was before with the exception of her top, which was now
black. She felt a little underdressed for the table arrangement. Aloura walked
in before Athena had a chance to sit, gave a friendly hug and kiss on the cheek.
They sat.

"So, how was your day of errands?"

"Nothing more than a day of errands, really. And the remainder of your day?"

"It was a lovely day, got a little sun, showered, and here I am. Would you like
some wine or perhaps another drink?"

"Sure, cosmopolitan?"

Rose, (standing back a bit from the table with her hands at the small of her
back), absorbed the information and was well on her way. She returned with one
cosmopolitan and an opened bottle of merlot. Athena inhaled her drink and with a
simple nod from Miss Gillian, Rose knew to refill her glass. Dinner was served
and every course was just as delicious as the prior. One glass of wine and 4
cosmos later Aloura smiled, stood, and leaned to whisper in Athena's ear.

"I've decided to keep you Athena."

Aloura's voice made Athena wet and all the while her mind was rummaging through
responses for her to eventually say nothing.

"You're going to what!?" Athena almost shouted.

"I'm going to keep you, Athena." Aloura bare down hard with her eyes, on Athena,
while Rose came up behind her and fitted her mouth with a ball gag. Athena
didn't know what to think so she sat in fear and thought rapidly. "Is this like
one of those Anne Rice novels? What the hell am I letting these people do to
me?" By this time Haydn had adorned Athena with a leather collar with matching
wrist and ankle cuffs. Both Rose and Haydn stood in position and observed the
situation.

"Take off your jeans then your shirt. Fold them then place them in your seat and
remain standing."

Completely unsure of why she was complying; Athena did as told, but only
briefly. Shortly after removing her pants, Athena unbuckled the gag quickly and
unleashed a spiteful "NO! What the hell are you doing to me?! I going home!" She
reached into the chair for her pants but was met by Hadyn who held her hands
behind her easily. Rose locked Athena's wrists together with a medium sized
padlock and the couple was soon on to her ankles.

Kneeling on a balcony, bound in front of complete strangers is a place Athena
never thought she would be.

Miss Gillian stood in front of Athena and slapped her face twice for the
outburst.

"That sort of behavior will not be tolerated, slave." Aloura knew she was
confusing the simple-minded girl and wore a smirk just thinking of the
possibilities.

Athena was weeping, confused, and aroused. Her cheeks were red and stinging from
the slaps. She could not believe her situation. How was she here? `I'm never
speaking to strangers again.' She thought. Round about two minutes after the
misbehaving of Athena, she felt sort of light headed. She tried to tell Aloura,
as if she was her friend.."I'm think I'm going to.."

Athena was out. She fell into the, obviously prepared, arms of Hadyn. He picked
her up and carried her over to the "guest room". There, Athena was disrobed and
tied spread eagle to the bed. Aloura sent Rose to the basement to get "Scarlet",
as she assumed she would need her.

Meanwhile, Miss Gillian opened the closet door and grabbed a discipline hood, a
dildo, and a small butt plug. She figured, Athena needed a little degrading to
get her in the proper mind set.

Athena's eyes opened slowly. She was a little groggy at first but quickly
realized the situation remained the same, or worse, and began to panic. Miss
Gillian walked over, graced her hazel eyes on Athena, whispered something in her
ear and removed the gag.

Athena looked at Aloura with hatred buried shallowly in her eyes. She could not
believe her luck. This woman is gorgeous, fit, wealthy AND crazy; she thought
sarcastically.

"Athena you are not to speak unless I give you permission to speak." Aloura
stated flatly. "I want to know." she took her time and let the silence linger.
"How old are you?"

"I am 24 years old" Athena mumbled out of fear of what would happen to her had
she not answered."

"slave. You have broken the only rule I have set for you."

Taken back by both the `slave' and `rule' part of the sentence Athena became
more fearful. How could she be a slave, she's in the United States? What is this
whack job going to do to her? What rule?

"You will be punished for your little slip up, slave athena; later. As for now,
now I'm going to introduce you to your new lifestyle."

Athena was in shock. Her thoughts moved about her head tangling, then falling
apart. She started to open her mouth so speak but thought of how she was still
in trouble from opening her mouth before. Miss Gillian observed this and said
simply to her.

"It is better not to think, only to obey."

Athena's eyes began to well. She didn't know what to expect. So, she closed her
eyes and thought it would help her not panic excessively.

Aloura took the dildo in hand, which stood about 7inches tall and began to tease
athena with it. Within seconds the head of the dildo was enveloped by athena's
dripping pussy and her eyes rolled back. Making sure she brought `slave athena'
down to size she forcefully pushed the rest of the dildo inside of her. Miss
Gillian did not want to be gentle, she wanted her new little slave to squirm and
know her place.

Haydn was then instructed to secure the slave's ankles to the bedposts at the
head of the bed, leaving athena exposed and vulnerable. She was so wet the room
smelled of sex. Her body had betrayed her. She was distended so that her body
looked like the letter v. She was very excited and also disturbed by her
arousal. The slave began to blush and continued to weep.

Miss Gillian quickly grabbed some lube and generously applied it to the butt
plug and slave's asshole. It was cold and wet. Again, without gentle caress,
Aloura shoved the butt plug firmly into athena's ass and signaled Rose and Haydn
to lower her legs and to dress her in a pair of size 6, black, lycra, thong
underwear. The underwear held the dildo and plug in place. Athena was then led
to a chair, which was bedside there she sat and said nothing.

"slave, you are to refer to me as Miss Gillian and must not speak without
permission. I know this confuses you but I'll help you come to grips with it."

Athena flinched; she recalled the rule now. "Of course, now that it was too
late.' She scolded herself.

"Now, for your punishment."




Chapter 3: Punishment

Miss Gillian turned the discipline hood inside out, presenting the phallic gag
and sat it aside. She picked up some foam earplugs and began to push them into
athena's ears beginning with her right ear. Slave athena put up a bit of a
verbal fight but was soon quieted by the ruthless pinching and twisting Aloura
rendered on her right nipple. After inserting the earplugs Miss Gillian
presented the hood to athena. The slave knew what was expected of her so she
opened her mouth and welcomed the phallic gag. It was just short enough to not
trigger her gag reflex. Which was soon to become the high point of athena's
predicament.

Twenty minutes later athena found herself suspended from the basement ceiling.
Completely bound in leather restraints she was deaf, blind, and mute due to
Mistress Gillian's discipline hood. Her arms were bound behind her in an
armbinder. Aloura also had Haydn install single ballet boots, which he laced all
the way up to athena's thighs. He was then informed that he should; "Tie my new
little slave's legs together, Haydn." This sent chills crawling all over Haydn
as he smiled and carried out his order.

At this point Athena was becoming very uncomfortable. All she could smell was
the hot leather inside the hood and her mind was running circles around the
silence. She thought; "I can't believe I'm here. How did I let myself end up
here?" Her weight pulled on her shoulders and her feet dangled extended, just
barely above the floor. Miss Gillian walked over to athena and placed clamps on
her nipples, joining them with a thin chain and placing two small weights in the
middle. She heard a muffled cry and she was sure miss athena de'pourne was
finding her place.

Aloura looked her new accomplishment over and smiled. She stood in the doorway
watching athena begin to struggle with the intense bondage. It warmed her body
over with achievement. She shut off the light and told Haydn to ready himself
for bed and walked back upstairs to get some rest herself.

Terror ran like rain over athena's stretched body. Her ass was burning from the
buttplug and she was unconsciously beginning to writhe, attempting to gather
some pleasure from the dildo buried inside her. She soon noticed her gyrating
and was lost again to the monsoon of thought showering over her mind. As morning
found itself approaching athena dosed off to sleep. She had no idea what time it
was or how long she was hanging there. She no longer felt the instruments
filling her and even her nipples were numb to the pain. As her mind settled her
heart smiled at the thought of belonging to Mistress Gillian. She thought
perhaps it was her delirium standing forward, but she didn't have the strength
to argue.




Chapter 4: The Arrangement

"G'day athena" Aloura spoke to the deafened, bound, beauty mockingly; while
turning on the light.

Dressed for yet, another day of relaxation Miss Gillian was looking forward to
her day of "understanding" with slave athena. While Haydn lowered athena to the
basement floor, Rose began to peel the layers of leather from the boggled, new
slave. She removed the hood and earplugs leaving the gag, in place. Athena lay
on her left side, squinting at her surroundings in confusion. But the intense
aching in her legs and feet soon reminded her of her precise location.

"G'day athena" Aloura spoke once more looking down on athena.

While struggle strangled the life of athena's words, her attempted response was
nothing more than a mumble.

"Aww, my new little slave tried to respond.." Aloura pointed out in mild humor.

"....Without Permission" Her tone quickly changed. After which she simply
stated. "Later."

Rose was busy unlacing the armbinder which held athena's arms to her back while
Haydn removed the ballet boots from her legs. Miss Gillian walked about the
room, preparing for the next step of breaking in her new slave's mind in for the
new arrangement. She set a chair near athena's feet and a small table next to
the chair. She then sat a pen and a document of some sort on the table. She
grabbed herself a chair and sat it down gently, facing the other chair. Haydn
picked athena up, trying to help her to her feet but she was extremely weak and
resembled a rag doll. He sat her in her chair and resumed his position. Aloura
sat in front of the dazed young woman wearing a smirk.

"Athena, I'm going to remind you for the absolute last time. You must not speak
unless given permission." Athena starred at Aloura as if she were speaking a
literal miracle. She sat quietly.

"Good." Miss Gillian stated as she removed the gag from athena's mouth.

The new slave's jaws were sore. They seemed very unstable, leaving athena
doubtful that she would actually be able to speak.

"Stand and remove your panties, slave. Then remove your plug and dildo. Give
them to Haydn for cleaning." Aloura commanded.

Athena did so, and Haydn briskly departed to complete his task. She was
complying out of fear. After last night, athena thought, 'there's no telling
what this woman is going to do to me.'

"Sit."

Athena sat.

"Listen very carefully. I want you to masturbate. But if you cum without
permission or stop without permission you will be severely punished." Miss
Gillian said with an icy tone. Silence filled the room, as Aloura stated lastly.
"The correct response is; 'Yes, Miss Gillian'" She waited to see if her new
slave caught on.

"Ye..." (athena cleared her throat nervously searching to reset her response)
"Yes, Miss Gillian".

Aloura smiled as she looked at athena and launched a stern, emotionless "You may
begin" into her slave's eyes.

Athena wore a crimson mask of embarrassment. She never masturbated alone, let
alone in front of someone else! She was outraged but continued to pleasure
herself despite her inhibitions. When she was painfully near orgasm she heard
clicking but could see nothing through her closed eyes. She heard the noise
quite a few times but tried to stay focused on not cumming or stopping without
permission. She opened her eyes thinking; perhaps it would help her regain
composure. The lens of a camera welcomed her, capturing her intimate moments of
near tortured bliss. She wanted so badly to stop. She began to open her mouth in
rage and let this whacko have it, when a subtle quirking of the Aloura's brow
instantly brought her back down to size. This carried on for a full hour before
Aloura demanded athena to stop without climax. She was mentally frazzled and sat
in silence while Aloura spoke, as a mother would her disobedient child.

"Now, there's an agreement on the table beside you. I want you to read it and
sign on the line next to the x. If there's any part of it you do not understand,
you may request permission to speak (by raising your right hand over your mouth)
and I will answer your question. Do not try to interpret any part of this
document yourself. None of these rules are up for discussion. Begin."

Athena sat in shock, still not brought out of her daze. The word "Begin" in
Aloura's firm voice echoed in her head and eventually she began to read.

" 1. I, Athena De'Pourne, pledge the full application of my mind, body, and soul
to the satisfaction of you, Mistress Gillian.

2. I, Athena De'Pourne, agree to assign Miss Aloura Gillian Beath right of
attorney over my affairs."

By this point, athena was infuriated and wanted to explode with anger. She stood
from her chair and was shortly remanded by Haydn. Mistress Gillian stood above
her as she sat and signaled for Rose to get "Scarlet".

"athena meet Scarlet. Scarlet is named after one of my former slaves. She had
quite a mouth on her. I had this collar specially designed for such an
affliction and I think it's due time the two of you meet."

Athena was somewhat frightened by the sight of the collar. It was larger than
the collar before and seemed far more complex. Aloura placed Scarlet around
athena's neck and Haydn expertly tied her hands to the chair behind her. Rose
was the first to finish with her task, which was securing the slaves feet and
legs to the chair as well. It was all happening so fast; athena had no time to
respond.

Rose and Haydn assumed the "wait" position as Miss Gillian stood back and let
her smirk present itself.

"athena, unless you would like me to mail your mother, little brother, employer,
and coworkers, copies of these photos...." (Aloura held up the camera that
produced the clicking before).."I suggest you cooperate. You belong to me now.
There's nothing you can do about it, but accept it." Just as she finished her
sentence athena barreled her rejected rage in Aloura's direction. "Or not"
Mistress Gillian stated condescendingly as Scarlet began to expand instantly
cutting off athena's air supply. Her eyes bulged out of fear that then and there
she would suffocate at the grip of this "Scarlet". Scarlet began to slowly
loosen her grip on athena just in time to prevent her passing out. Her chest
heaved as she gasped for air.

"Perhaps you are ready to sign now, slave athena?"

Athena bombarded Aloura with an army of hateful glares. She took a deep breath
and wallowed in the benefits that her silence granted her. She nodded her head
best she could, Haydn untied her hands and handed her the pen. With little
hesitation Athena signed over her life to a woman she hardly knew.

Aloura smiled, and looked athena in the eye.

"Thank you athena, this is perhaps the first thing you have done that pleases
me. Let's not make it the last."




Chapter 5: Stripes

The slave hung her head and lowered her eyes. She was confused more than
anything, lost and no longer in control of her life. Making matters worse, she
was once again betrayed by her body and was dripping all over her new Mistress'
chair.

Smiling somewhat evilly, Mistress Gillian noticed her wet slave and sent her
words dancing into the silence nearly unnoticed.

"In due time...." She ran her fingers across athena's erect clit pinching it
between her fingers. " ...you will understand."

Tears began to streak athena's face as she was untied from the chair and
repositioned with her arms above her head chained to the basement ceiling. She
was grateful that the leather cuffs were more comfortable than the rope from
before. "How can I be aroused by this?" she thought to herself. "What is wrong
with me!?"

Miss Gillian appeared in front of athena.

"slave athena, I have to check in on my business. And in the meantime, you will
be kept 'busy'." Aloura said as if she were assigning busy work to a substitute
class.

"rose, you are to 'refill' slave athena......and slave...." Aloura walked closer
to athena.

"you are not to cum." Mistress Gillian ordered.

Rose was relentless in inserting the 8" vibrator into athena's pussy and turning
it on. She was just as gentle, ramming the barely lubricated butt plug into her
ass. Athena squirmed and tried desperately not to make a sound. Unfortunately,
she failed. The slave's whimper triggered Scarlet, and much to her surprise, cut
her current breath in half. Wrapped completely in panic athena's eyes bulged and
her body jerked. She was getting lightheaded when Scarlet retracted and she
noticed rose's face. There was a slight grin perched on her lips.

Rose approached athena as if to speak and said nothing. Even athena knew somehow
that conversing was forbade. But wondered what made her smile.

Rose disappeared from athena's immediate sight and returned with a chastity
belt. Soon athena felt the cold, unforgiving metal cinch her waist and press
against the vibrator and plug. She twitched a bit and closed her eyes, but made
no noise.

Seconds later she heard an Italian whisper slither into her ear and state;
"you're to be striped today".

Athena racked her mind to define the statement. 'What did she mean by striped?"
It was difficult for athena to stay focused on rose's warning because of the
constant vibrating inside her. The vibrator was bumping against the plug,
sending athena to the brink of orgasm. The words "you are not to cum" echoed in
her ears along side "you're to be striped today", reeling her back. She thought
she would explode.

Rose pitied the new slave but thought she was terribly attractive.

"But, Mistress does have impeccable taste"...her mind whispered.

Time passed and athena was suffering severe vertigo due to her excitement alone.
Her eyes were wondering the walls focusing on nothing.

Haydn reappeared and took his place next to Rose. The two stood, hands clasped
at the small of their backs, feet 3' apart, and eyes at the level Mistress
Gillian's collarbone rested.

Awaiting Aloura, Haydn's mind also began to travel. He was going to enjoy
watching athena get her stripes. "I wonder if she'll scream." He thought to
himself. A small smile landing in his eyes as he awaited the event.

Soon, Mistress Gillian joined the "party" in the basement. She was dressed
comfortably in all black. She looked to her right to see her waiting slaves and
then to her left to view her new, dangling addition.

"Hadyn." Aloura barked sharply.

Hadyn moved very quickly to his Mistress and kneeled next to her. She was
pleased with Haydn, he moved with such grace.

"Remove the chastity belt from slave athena." She ordered Haydn.

Without thought Hadyn went to athena and removed the belt. Aloura simply held
her empty hand in the air, signaling for Rose to gather her favorite three
whips.

Whips draped across her arms Rose arrived at her Mistress' feet.

Athena was happy to have the belt's grip loosened from her waist, although the
cold metal had settled to a warm, comfortable temperature. She could hear only
the verbal commands Aloura gave the slaves. She had no clue what was to be her
immediate destiny.

Aloura glanced at her three whips. All three were identical in appearance with
the exception of the butt of the handle. The first was black, the second white,
and the third red. Mistress Gillian picked up the longest, which was the red
whip. She raised the whip to the ceiling and filleted the air. She paused a
pensive moment and chose the white butted whip instead.

Athena heard the whip whistle through the air. It frightened her and set her
senses on edge. She noticed there was silence then footsteps, which she knew
belonged to her Mistress. The heat of Aloura's body crept upon athena's as she
stood directly behind her slave. Out of the silence Mistress Gillian's words
fell onto her slaves' ears.

"Rose, Scarlet."

Rose unfastened Scarlet and released athena's neck. An air of chill ran across
athena's body.

Aloura stood back and observed athena's body. She nodded slightly and took a
deep breath. Athena felt the suspense building in the room as the air thickened.

Aloura, again, raised the whip to the ceiling and brought it down baring a fury
that knew no compromise. Mistress Gillian placed a stripe once on athena's right
then her left thigh, directly below her ass.

Athena screamed and wept. This was cruelty on a level she'd never experienced or
even witnessed. Her mind was blind-sided by pain and was functioning at the
level of a cornered animal.

When Mistress Gillian was done, athena was heavily influenced by her suffering
and nearly unconscious. She now wore three matching horizontal stripes on each
of her upper thighs, two diagonal welts on each cheek and two long vertical
lines on her back.

Athena's body quivered from shock. Aloura stood poised and pleased with her
work. She stepped around her slave and lifted athena's chin. Sweat and tears
moistened the slave's face and she barely opened her eyes. There was a sound
briefly in her ears as her Mistress' "Shhhhh" escaped and athena passed out.

Aloura stepped back and returned her whip to Rose's arms. Rose put the whips in
the proper place and rejoined the group. Aloura ordered Haydn to accompany Rose
in 'putting slave athena to bed'.

The pair carried the limp girl to a large dog cage on the opposite end of the
basement. Her ankles and wrists were cuffed together in front of her and were
secured by a padlock. She was then lifted and lowered onto the thin, cushioned
bottom of the cage.

Rose and Haydn completed the task and resumed the 'wait' position next to
Mistress Gillian.

Aloura turned the basement lights off and returned upstairs trailed by her
slaves. Once in the living room, Aloura lounged in the lazyboy while Hadyn and
Rose knelt on each side of the chair.

"Haydn...." Aloura spoke softly. Haydn knew not to respond, because there was no
question posed. "Do you find my new slave attractive?"

"Yes, Mistress Gillian. This humble servant does find M'lady's new slave
attractive." He answered flatly.

"And you, Rose" Aloura asked.

"Yes, Mistress Gillian. This humble servant finds M'lady's new slave very
attractive." Rose spoke warmly.

Aloura rarely asked the slaves their opinion and both were caught off guard by
the question. The television played softly while the three were in separate
worlds.

"I've got company coming tomorrow, and I want the house prepared for my guest"
Aloura said as if no one was in the room.

Within seconds the pair was gone. Haydn downstairs in the kitchen sweeping the
floor and Rose upstairs vacuuming the master bedroom.

Mistress Gillian relocated to the couch for a short nap.

"Haydn wake me in one hour" She commanded sleepily before drifting off to sleep.




Chapter 6: The Arrival

The time read 5:47pm exactly. Rose was in the laundry room, juxtapose the
kitchen, folding linens and switching loads. Haydn knelt in front of the couch,
as he was to wake his Mistress in one minute precisely. Counting down from 30
seconds he began to take her hand in his and blanket it with velveteen, royal
kisses. Such was Mistress' preferred method of gentle waking from late afternoon
naps.

Her eyes began to smile first and were soon joined by her perfectly arched lips.

Opening her eyes and rising slowly to sit, Aloura dismissed Haydn and went to
find Rose in the laundry room.

"Hello, pet." Aloura whispered into Rose's ear running her hand along her waist.

The mere touch of her Mistress' hand sent Rose's body quivering. She arched her
back in response, pressing her ass against Aloura. Aloura smiled. Rose knew what
was to come so she closed her eyes and tried to focus.

"Rose, ..." Aloura stated in complete seriousness. "..cum"

Mistress Gillain stepped back to observe the mind shattering orgasm her slave
was experiencing. She was briefly impressed and continued to watch Rose obey and
fall victim to the instant bliss she was granted.

Rose was lost in the chill that cocooned her body and the unimaginable sensation
of release. She opened her eyes and immediately began to thank Aloura. She
dropped to her knees and excessively expressed her gratitude.

"You're welcome." Aloura smirked, as she looked downward into her slave's eyes
with knowingly. "You are dismissed slave rose."

Instantaneously Rose continued her laundry and soon moved on to dusting.

The pair of slaves finished the cleaning and found their Mistress resting on her
upstairs balcony reading a book. They kneeled on either side of her and waited.
Twenty minutes passed and the silence was broken.

"Our guest is arriving tomorrow. I'm expecting her around noon, for lunch."

Curiosity was eating a hole in Haydn's will. All afternoon his mind was plagued
with figuring out who this "guest" was. He knew better of his thoughts and kept
the curiosity buried beneath obedience.

"Her name is Tawny and she is an old schoolmate of mine. You are to follow her
instructions as if you would my own."

Thoughts of Tawny made Aloura involuntarily smile. She always did love her. The
passion between the two was immeasurable. It had been quite some time since the
two had seen each other. Tawny now lived on the west coast and rarely got to
visit Aloura. Tawny was wealthy, well beyond comfort, and had a special place in
her heart for Aloura. Also from Brighton, Tawny's tongue was branded with
elegant English accent. She was a black woman with a light complexion and
gorgeous green eyes. She stood three inches above Aloura and often times teased
her of her submissive height, causing a few giggles. The two were anxious and
couldn't wait to see each other. The extended time and distance simply made this
visit a little more special.

Haydn was ordered to check on the new slave and ready himself for bed. Rose was
instructed to join her Mistress in bed.

Rose was somewhat flattered by Aloura's decision to take her to bed. She'd
noted, from past experiences, that Mistress Gillian usually wanted nothing more
than to be held at night before being carried away by her dreams.

The alarm clock rattled causing a thunder of mind jarring noise to awake Haydn.
The time read 8:45am. Mistress Gillian and Rose were to be awaken at 9:00
precisely.

Everyone was awake now and showered. Rose bathed her Mistress while Haydn took
care of Athena in the basement and prepared breakfast. Haydn thought Athena was
strangely beautiful laying there, on the floor of the dog cage. She glowed and
this caught him off guard.

Snapping out of his daze, Haydn then uncaged Athena and bathed her. He cleaned
her thoroughly, inside and out. This left Athena gazing into nothing with her
hazel eyes locked on shock while the task was completed. She was then jeweled
with the leather ankle and wrist cuffs as well as the matching collar. He laid
her on her stomach and hog-tied her, putting her back into the cage.

After returning upstairs, Haydn prepared breakfast for Aloura, set the table,
and assumed his "wait" position next to his Mistress' chair. While waiting, his
mind wandered trails of lost questions about Athena's former life. "Why was she
in Asheville? Why is it that noone was worried about her?" His thoughts were
interrupted by the appearance of Aloura and Rose. Haydn knew to not make his
Mistress wait so he pulled out her chair and regained his position. Rose was
instructed to kneel next to Mistress Gillian's chair and did so without
hesitation.

Aloura ate her breakfast and occasionally glanced down at Rose. Shortly into
breakfast, Rose was directed between Aloura's legs and "told" by two taps on the
back of her collared neck to began licking her Mistress' pussy. Mistress Gillian
carried on as if nothing was happening and finished her meal slowly.

Her mind wandered as she thought of temporarily releasing her new slave.
Athena's former life was in shambles and Aloura was sure someone had noticed her
absence. She knew much about Athena that most didn't know and had the photos to
prove it. Aloura finished her breakfast and nonchalantly dismissed Rose from her
duty. Aware that she still had a business to run, Aloura went to her office and
spoke nothing of her actions. Haydn and Rose waited 15 minutes then cleaned the
table and kitchen.

The pair were later found in the "wait" position where they once stood in the
dining room. Aloura noticed the time on her computer and wrapped up her business
for the moment. Her guest was to arrive in 30 minutes for lunch and she had to
get dressed.

Fifteen minutes later the doorbell rang and Haydn opened the door gracefully to
find elegance incarnate standing before him. Tawny didn't acknowledge Haydn's
existence she searched for the familiar iced eyes of her former lover and
friend. The search lasted only seconds before the room heard a tall voice of
mere shadow leak. "Early as always." Aloura peeked from around the corner and
lit up like a child. The two embraced for 5 minutes straight paying no attention
to the open door and the young man and woman who accompanied Tawny.

"I brought along my newest addition, Darling. I hope you don't mind." Tawny
unveiled a set of slaves whose appearance was so similar they could've been
twins.

"I don't mind at all sweetheart, the more the merrier." Aloura winked.

The two walked into the living room and had a seat while the two accompanying
slaves brought in Tawny's things and waited for her in the entranceway.

"I've made lunch reservations for us at Sergio's. We've got 10 minutes to get
there and it's not even 10 minutes away."

"That's fine gorgeous." Tawny stated as she fell into Aloura's eyes and began to
lust after her.

"Later." Aloura whispered deeply into Tawny's ear.

A smile and dimmed eyes flashed across Tawny's face and the two were on their
way to the car.

"Haydn. Rose." Aloura spoke flatly and so lowly it's any wonder the two heard
her at all. "The stationary cycle is to be you exercise for the day. If the two
of you can make it to 20 miles by our return. You will both be rewarded
greatly."

Of course, this sent the two minds racing and eager to reach the goal to please
their Mistress.

"Oh, neither of you are to sit during this time. One of you will ride and the
other will stand next to the bike."

Waiting for no one's answer Aloura turned to leave, looped her arm in Tawny's
and the couple disappeared.




Chapter 7: Lunch & Such

While at lunch, the ladies discussed everything from recently read books to
favorite new dungeon equipment. They were virtually in each other's lap with
passion by the time lunch was served. Aloura's heart lit up like a child's on
Christmas morning when she was near Tawny. Tawny was guilty of the same
"charge". However, neither was disturbed by such.

"So you've got a new addition to your family, eh? Spoke Tawny from her flawless
lips.

"Yes, acquired her just a few days ago."

"Soooo?" Tawny asked Aloura as if she'd been kept out of the loop of gossip.

"So, I think I'll keep her. She's got nice eyes. They're beautiful when she
cries" Aloura grinned.

"Anything like rose's?" Tawny asked eagerly. (She loved rose's eyes and couldn't
wait to see them change again.)

"I'm not sure. They haven't changed yet but we'll see."

"So, where did she come from? What was she before you?" Tawny asked s she all
but ignored her meal and she fell face first into her own inquisitiveness.

"Well, she seemed rather lost when we met and I discovered yesterday why she
came to Asheville."

"..and?" Tawny added, dying to know the prior situation of this new slave.

"And she came here from Canada to attend that hippie college down by Michelle's
flat. She works at a music store that sells vinyl. She has some associates, no
real friends. She considers herself a lesbian and has a younger brother, her
mother's still alive and....get this...she's got a girlfriend. And that's just
the basics, but for now it'll do."

"Wow." Tawny sat in amazement. It always amazed her how much information Aloura
could acquire on a person given 24 hours. "So, what are you going to do about
her family and the others?"

Aloura's smirk resurfaced and Tawny knew she was up to something.

"I'm going to let her go back tomorrow and terminate all connections."

"Do you think she'll come back?"

"I know she'll return."

Tawny knew Aloura well enough to know she had her bases covered. The two grew
mutual smiles. Lunch was nibbled upon and the bill was paid. Relaxing and
enjoying each other's company the ladies sat at the table for another 15 minutes
then removed themselves from the cafe.

On the way to Aloura's Audi the two spoke of the past. Nostalgia set in and
swaddled both Mistresses in a lustful embrace. Tawny, tinted with a bit of
mischief, walked closer to Aloura and pinned her against the passenger side of
the car with her body. She promptly took a kiss from Aloura provoking a
priceless response from the pinned Mistress. Aloura placed her hand on the back
of Tawny's neck and pulled her close. She looked deep into her eyes and simpered
before taking 'her kiss' back from Tawny. Laughter danced about the air
surrounding the women and they entered the car for the ride home.

During the trip back, Tawny fondled Aloura. Completely unable to keep their
hands to themselves they kissed deeply at every red traffic light. Aloura even
stopped early for the yellows in order to steal another kiss from her beloved
Tawny.

Once home, Mistress Gillian walked toward the gym part of the house and found
her slaves still exercising as expected. She looked at the labored slaves and
gave them an easy, direct command.

"Conclude."

This meant, who ever was on the bike was to wrap up the workout in precisely
five minutes. The pair was to wait in the living room for Miss Gillian when this
task was completed.

Tawny's slaves waited still in the foyer. She accosted first her macle, Elliott.

"What do you think, love?" Tawny asked as she lifted the slave's chin with her
fingers to display his face to Aloura.

Aloura pondered and her face wore her contemplation blatantly. "You know what I
want to know Tawny?"

"What's that?" Tawny asked caught a bit off guard by the sudden question.

"I want to know..." Aloura grew closer and whispered in Tawny's ear "...if you
still weep when....."

"Shhh.." Bled from Tawny's lips as she pressed her index finger to Aloura's. The
corners of Tawny's mouth curled with sensual thoughts.

Aloura took Tawny's hand and led her to her bedroom upstairs. Closing the door
behind her thoughts lithely engulfed her body and her heart leapt. Tawny's
emotions were always obvious to Aloura and it was clear that feelings were
mutual.

"Gillian, I've missed you." Tawny said as the two wrestled about passionately
onto bed.

"And I you, love." Whispered Aloura as she undressed the ever-carnal Tawny in
what seemed,thirty seconds flat.

Sex was always a domination struggle between the two, and pleasurably so. First
Aloura was atop Tawny pinning her arms above her head and leaning in for the
kiss. Within seconds Tawny rolled over and temporarily dominated her 'prey'.

"bitch" Aloura murmured as she lay on her back and accepted Tawny's opiate kiss.

Tawny then undressed Aloura slowly, as if to flex her towering position. She
smiled gently then kissed Aloura's left, then right, breast. Taking Aloura's
right nipple into her mouth, she used her hands to trace lines of voluptous urge
down Gillian's body. She brushed her fingertip across Aloura's clit then pinched
it between her fingers while simultaneously biting down on her left nipple. She
looked up at her 'victim' and saw elegance, completely bathed in the luxury of
enchantment.

Aloura found herself searching for composure at first, but soon let go. She
remembered that Tawny was the one and let her mind rest, leaving her arcane
tendencies behind. The women made love for 3 solid hours. They where completely
exhausted and laid in each other's arms for another hour afterwards. Many
conversations transpired while they lay. Most of which, memories and very
sentimental moments the Mistresses shared.

"I do love you Tawny. Why aren't we together again?"

"You know why. We're too much alike, dear. After about 2 weeks we'd be ready to
murder each other."

Aloura let out a sigh of discontent and drifted off to sleep along side her
lover. Tawny followed shortly after.

Miss Gillian always had problems sleeping and slept soundly for merely 30
minutes. She returned to her slaves downstairs, waiting in the living room. She
had Haydn go down and shower Athena. She ordered Elliott and Sylvia to unpack
Tawny's things in her bedroom quietly.

"If you wake her. I will deal with you."

Having heard of Mistress Gillian's stern grip on a slave's will, the two
scurried and did as told.

"Rose." Aloura pronounced.

The slave was at her Mistress' feet in no time.

"You are to wake Mistress Tawny in two hours. One hour thirty minutes from now
you are to locate me and I will help you prepare."

"Yes, Mistress Gillian" The slave spoke lovingly.

Thoughts of retirement crossed Aloura's mind as she went up to her office. She
felt that her personal life needed more...well, more Tawny.

Her intent, in her office, was to catch up a bit with work. Instead her mind
wandered, and before she knew it there was a kneeling slave at her side.

She smiled at the waiting slave. "slave rose, shower and report back in 15
minutes."

Fifteen minutes blinked past and Rose knelt again, next to her Mistress. Miss
Gillian turned to her slave with an 8" dildo in hand and a short explanation.

"Mistress Tawny adores your eyes, slave. Therefore, you are going to wake her
with them already changed. Masturbate for 10 minutes. Do not cum. Is that
understood?"

"Yes Mistress, this humble servant understands."

Well on her way orgasm, Rose paused at seven minutes to glance over at the
clock. Her Mistress was watching her, looking for the change. She was flustered
and all around excited, which was what Aloura wanted.

~~

The first time Aloura bound Rose for 'striping', she found her slave's cryptic,
red flag of arousal. She watched her slave as she was tied to an X frame. Rose
closed her eyes as her Mistress squeezed her nipples, twisting and pulling them
ruthlessly. "Open your eyes slave." Aloura spoke sternly. She wanted to witness
every drop of emotion cascading from the girl's heart. What Aloura saw amazed
her and encouraged her to continue marking her unique slave. Rose's eyes, once a
simple translucent brown, now bore a light blue, silver-ish ring around the
edge. "slave, is this normal of your eyes?" She asked. Rose nodded somewhat
shamefully as her Mistress continued her task.

~~

The dildo plunged deeper and deeper in to Rose's pussy bringing her closer and
closer to the orgasm she was not permitted. She arched her back and tilted her
head back. The order to 'not cum' echoed in her brain. She felt her eyes begin
to morph as she heard Aloura. "Look at me." This excited Rose even more.

"You are ready, slave. Stop. Tidy yourself and wake Mistress Tawny."

Rose got up from the floor next to Miss Gillian and tidied her frazzled self.
She hurried to the master bedroom and knelt bedside Tawny counting down from 30
seconds.

Taking Tawny's hand in hers she began to shower it with kisses and then looked
into the Mistress' eyes. Tawny was taken back by the audacity of a slave to look
her in the eye but then realized why she'd done so. She smiled brightly,
dismissed the slave and rose to find Aloura.

Cloaked in a black Silk robe, Tawny entered the office and walked over to
Gillians's back. She kissed her neck softly and said "Thank you, love".

"You're welcome." Aloura stated warmly as she delved into her lover's eyes once
more before kissing her cheek.

"I've got another surprise for you as well, Tawn..."

"Oh, really?"

"Indeed." Aloura stated as that familiar smirk rose again to her lips.

Hadyn was waiting in the basement with the freshly showered Athena when his
Mistress' arrived. Athena was hog-tied and gagged for the time being.

"slave haydn."

Haydn wanted to answer naturally but did nothing of the sort. His training
directed him otherwise.

"Have you ever had a virgin?" Aloura said nonchalantly. She watched Athena's
eyes bulge in panic and disbelief.

"No, Mistress Gillian. This humble servant has never had a virgin."

Athena's mind seized and simply covered itself in denial.

Tawny smiled at Aloura observing her lover's masochistic aim.

Haydn waited in silence, hands at the small of his back. His mind basked in the
thought of taking a virgin. He assumed Mistress Gillian meant Athena to be the
virgin. Inwardly bubbling over with animalistic need, he kept composure.

Rose knelt next to Tawny, eyes cast to the floor.

Both Sylvia and Elliott knelt by the door of the basement.

Aloura, broke the eternal silence with a tone thick with omnipotence.

"Perhaps today is your lucky day."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  silvereyes


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





