BDSM Library - Black Mansion




Black Mansion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wealthy and with a lot of time on his hands, Jospeh Drake decides to create a place where fantasies can be lived out. The Black Mansion. This is the story about the foundation of the mansion, of how it begun and was created.
Black Mansion 1 - Foundation
John Galt


Chapter 1: What to do with a lot time


Many people have the dream to not have to work. Joseph Drake made this dream
true. Having worked in security, he made a lot money, which he invested in his
own company. In no time he made a company that ran itself and created more money
he could ever spend. No more work for Drake.

This although left him with a lot time on his hands.

Having had a lot of experience with being a dom, he decided to create a place
where he can create fantasies and make others fantasies become true. Having had
multiple partners, his approach was simply to find women, which he preferred,
that wanted to live out their submissive fantasies. And then make them true.

So he found a house in the city, a bit away from everything else, where
neighbors don't know each other and a big deal of vegetation and walls was
between the houses. The building had multiple inhabitants already, but the two
top floors were still not rented out. Perfectly suited for him. Joseph bought
the building, and changed multiple things. The top floor became one big
apartment, instead of three single ones. Nicely laid out, decorated and filled
with furniture. When he first saw it when it was finished, it looked like
someone was living there already, but that wasn't the case and not his
intention. The windows were soundproof and didn't allow people to see into the
apartment. The floor below was shutoff from the rest of the building, filled
with countermeasures to ensure no sound will ever make it down to the five
floors below. A special elevator was installed, the staircase sealed. Everything
that would be done in the apartment would only be known by the persons present.
From the outside no one could tell.

From the outside it simply looked like a modern building that imitates an old
building.

In fall the works were done. Joseph decided to live there for a bit, and placed
new clothes in the cupboards, notebooks in the desks, papers, and files in the
drawers so its a real living environment. In spring, when the plants outside
started to sprout and bloom, it was time to make his plans go on with the next
step.

It took him a while, but he managed to get the right text together. The
following was published in many different publications, in print as well as on
the internet.

"Looking for women who wish to satisfy their curiosity about their submissive
fantasies. Nothing is too soft or too hard. I am experienced and willing to
introduce you or push your limits. Short term but also long term agreements
possible."

To round it off, a small logo was printed with it, an M with some calligraphic
details added around it. The emblem of the mansion to come. For that moment it
would inspire ideas fantasies and more of the ones reading the note.


Answers came. Many.

At first he was surprised. Reading through it was like wading through peoples
minds. Some transvestites and transsexuals also replied, but for that moment he
put them in the "no" category. Some were very young, those he was sure were too
young went also in the no stack, together with those over sixty years. He knew
of some who still practiced certain things at that age, but that was not to his
liking. In the end, he replied to all of them. The no stack got a nice "thank
you but i don't think we could be a compatible pairing" letter.

The rest, got some instructions. Along with the usual mail contents, and some
parts that were different in every letter, depending on who he mailed to, he
asked from all a few things. He didn't ask for a picture or personal
information. His questions were about their experiences, how long they were
enjoying BDSM, if at all. Then about their fantasies, what fantasies they have,
their innermost fantasies, they would never ever tell someone normally. The
fantasies that would turn them on the most.

For weeks, letters got sent and came back, it took a while with some, with
others they complied in the first mail. In the end he had a nice collection of
mails from women who wanted to experience certain things.

After extensive readings, he found the one that was perfect for the beginning.

Her name was Karen Taylor. She was from LA, 35 years old, a Capricorn and
bisexual. The long black hair was full, her body firm and she had some
experiences with the world of doms and subs. Karen was a little neat freak but
liked showing off her body. She sent him a few pictures where she was displaying
her nearly naked body. And her fantasies revealed, she was an extreme pleaser.
She wanted to please, to be owned, to be used, to be imprisoned, tied and caged.
Also she seemed to get off on pain, so she would be very interesting to play
with. If she decided to stay, she would become extremely valuable, as she was a
highly organized person, without being anal retentive.

Joseph set up a first date with her, in a public restaurant. He picked the
place, it was downtown and she had to fly in to get there, so she would arrive
with a cab ride. He paid the ticket, and also sent her a cab that has been
prepaid to the airport.

In the afternoon, before she would arrive at the restaurant, he decided to sit
down and read through the fantasy again she sent him. It was all written in a
very neat handwriting on thin lined paper. He decided to read it in full and
then get to the restaurant so he has freshly in his mind exactly what her turn
on is.

And so he began to read.


"My body always began to vibrate when i could please someone. A person telling
me i did good, i felt attracted to. This caused some pretty embarrassing moments
on my life, but i got to learn the essence out of it. It turns me on to please
someone. The more its about someone else's pleasure and wishes, the more it
turns me on. Also the more i am lowered in comparison to the person i please,
the higher the difference, the more it arouses me. Frankly, id like to be
objectified, used and owned. And then ignored when i am not of use. In my
fantasies i am also tied up and caged a lot, sometimes in very uncomfortable
ways for long periods of time. Somehow i got to like pain, so far that i started
inflicting pain on me to get off faster when masturbating.

I do not have the one fantasy, but i can tell you about one i think about a lot,
because it contains the biggest turn ons for me at once.

In this fantasy i am naked, a heavy metal collar around my neck. I sit on my
behind in a cage with thick bars that hangs from the ceiling in a corner of a
dark room. My legs are up to my body, knees bent, in this position i just fit in
the cage, its bars pressing against me from all sides. The top is low, so my
head is bent forward. My arms stick out of the cage and are locked together with
metal cuffs behind my back, more discomfort. A ring gag is locked in my mouth,
my drool running all over me. Welts still on my skin from the last use, numbing
down and sending that throbbing pain through my body.

My master enters. He ignores me completely, turns on the lights and locks the
door behind him. The heavy door shuts with a distinct sound, that makes me
shudder and reminds me that i am not to leave, i am his posession, like the
boots he takes of, his coat he puts away and the shirt he takes off. His sight
sees all the things in the room, including me, i am a thing. He calls me his
slut, his whore, slut, cunt, fucktoy, animal, whatever he likes, and everything
is true. With all the time in the world he comes over to me, lowers the cage a
bit and puts it on a cart. He unhooks the chain for the ceiling and pushes me to
the table. There he flips the cage over, so i face down, my knees touching the
cold but smooth wood, my toes being pushed on it by my body weight. He pulls one
of my cunt lips back, puts a sharp biting clamp on it and pulls it to the side
then ties it off. I moan in pain and pleasure, its already a big blur. I feel
the same happening with the other side of my cunt, i am spread open, any
movements hurt like hell, i am uncomfortable as hell and love every second of
it. Hope that he fucks me get up but get slashed down by his hand slapping on my
vulnerable cunt.

I get told to not push against the bars like the fuck animal i am. Unconscious
of that movement i try to pull away a little, only to get more pain in my cunt
lips and another slap on my exposed sex. Through the bars he pulls my hair up in
a ponytail, then wraps it around one of the bars, and ties a knot. MY head is
pulled back far, my mouth at the bars to the front. Sweat is on my skin all
over, competing with my cunt in wetness.

A cold round object is pressed against my sex. First i twitch then fear runs
through me. Its an electro shocker, that can do small but also pretty intense
shocks. Just as it sunk in, the first shock runs through my sex. I shake in the
cage, which isn't much as all presses against me and the clamps on my cunt hold
me in place to a certain degree, paired with my hair and my arms being bound,
all i can do is hurt myself even more.

The shocks stop. He wandered all over my sex and my ass with the shocker. i feel
his cock pressed into me. He pushes hard, ignoring my completely, just wanting
his pleasure. I groan, and try to open as easy as possible. As i feel him as far
in me as its possible, i use my muscles on his shaft. His approval is a slight
deep moan, as he begins to fuck me roughly. Before he comes, he pulls out and
comes to my head, forcing his way down my throat. I gag and cough, but again he
ignores me. He comes in my throat and keeps there, i swallow as fast as i can,
and lick around his cock, cleaning it. He pulls out, goes behind me again and
removes the claps by pulling them off roughly. This pushes me over the edge and
i come really hard.

The moment i can keep a thought again, i am still in the same position, my hair
tied back, on the table, my knees on the hard wood, the room dark and only
filled with me and my masters other possessions."


As he finished reading it, he noticed with a smile the bulge in his pants. Good
that he decided to shower after the reading.

Clean, refreshed and dressed he took his car to the restaurant, parked, sat at a
table and waited. His decision to come early was made the first before he
suggested the meeting. He wanted to see her enter. Just as he entered the
restaurant, he knew, the plane would be landing.

The food was good, he ate here before once, about a year ago, and there was no
change visible. It was pretty quiet, only a handful of guests that made
conversation that was unheard because of the light music playing over it. Some
music of the classic sort, that couldn't be identified as something well known,
but made sure you wouldn't really understand what the other tables were talking,
unless they were engaging in a screaming contest.

The restaurant had style, it was classy to a certain extend. The table was
decorated nicely, and all was prepared for a nice meal. Drake decided to tip the
two waiters to keep people from this part of the restaurant, and to keep their
distance unless notified. They welcomed the extra money and agreed, then served
him some mineral water, while he waited. He ordered her to come in a white
simple dress, no jewelry, high heels also white. While waiting he tried to
imagine what she will look like, what the dress will look like on her, and the
time flew past pretty quickly.

As she entered the restaurant she was a bit puzzled. Its not the first time she
met someone this way, but this felt different, stronger, more exciting, without
any sense of that danger of meeting some dud. Joseph went to great lengths to
ensure she felt secure, gave her his private details so she could check on him,
made this appointment weeks in advance so she could go to the place before. And
she did. There was never a big crowd, but it was certainly not empty. He sent
her a picture of him, but she couldn't see him right away. He on the other hand
noticed her the first moment.

Kind of lost she looked, standing there at the entrance looking around in the
room. With his glass in his hand he just looked at her. Then their eyes locked,
and Karen felt a jolt of power through her body. Those eyes were used to command
and looking at people that were following those commands. She felt as if she was
standing naked and spread in front of him, although she felt she had cloth on
her body. Her hand feeling the fabric actually made her more secure again.
Slowly she moved towards him. He didn't move but kept his eyes on her. Slowly
she sat down, forced her face into a smile, nervously.

"You are late", he said in indistinct voice. She swallowed empty, and took a
look at the clock on the wall, it was two minutes after the time they agreed on.
She couldn't find out if he was angry, and before she could say something, he
spoke again.

"I do not like to wait. I am not used to wait for what i want, and i will never
get used to it. If you wish to continue this evening and maybe later more, then
you should know that first hand. Be always on time, never late, understood?"

"Yes..", she wasn't sure what to say more. Master would have been a bit
strongly, and she didn't know what he liked precisely.

"You will address me as Master, although in a public place like this", his hand
made a gesture enclosing the whole restaurant, "a short and respectful sir will
be enough." He took a small sip from his glass, still not taking his eyes from
her.

"How was your trip here?"

"It was very nice, thank you sir. I just don't know where i stay tonight."

A smile came to his lips, like the cat that eat the proverbial bird.

"A hotel room will be your resting place for tonight. And for as long as you
wish until you return home. Or not." He sat up from his leisurely position and
looked at her with a more straight face still a smile in the corners of his
mouth.
"Tonight, you will sleep in a bed alone, in a hotel of your choice, i will not
be able to disturb you there. The rest of this evening will be simply that we
sit here, make conversation, enjoy a good meal and get to know each other
better. Your stay is planed for one month so far, and we can extend this from my
side as far as you are willing to go. But we will only go further then this nice
and civilized way we are in now, when you feel comfortable with it. If you
decide after this evening to take the rest of the month as a vacation here and
never talk to me again that's just as fine as when you decide to do other
things."

He shifted his position back to his more relaxed position and took a sip from
his glass.

As the waiter approached he ordered for both of them, she told him the foods she
liked in one of her letter so it wasn't hard for him to find something on the
menu she liked. They had some conversation while waiting for the food, while
eating it and while devouring the dessert.

She told him that she worked as a foreign language secretary at a big
corporation and took her long overdue vacations in a block. She mostly was
talking with people from the German speaking part of Europe on the phone and
sometimes also the French. Other than that she had a lot filing and writing
mails and planing things for her boss to do. She was well organized. Her father
left when she was very young, her mother raised her alone. No other relatives
alive anymore. She loved to do some sports, swimming and horseback riding when
she got the time. Other than that she read books, all sorts of, from erotic
novels to novellas and historic ones. Music was not big on her list, but she
liked some popular music. Her life was mostly routine. Wake up, go to work,
grovel around in the office, lunch, more groveling, going home, relaxing,
masturbating and sleeping to have the cycle start over again the next day. She
was bored, she missed something in her life.

Her relationships were less then exciting the most. Hi, fuck and bye was the
standard she got from guys. Only three men were longer involved with her, only
one of them for a full year. The first one was mildly into her fantasies, tieing
up with scarfs, more playful than strict, so she could always free herself,
which frustrated her more than gave her relief. They parted on friendly grounds,
after being together for a year and two months and never met again,
acknowledging there wasn't much to be going on about. The second one was scary
vanilla. She got him to hold her down, and that was it. When she expressed in an
outburst of frustration what all she longed for, he took his things and left to
never return again. The last one was a dom. She was with him for only 3 months,
saw him only on the weekends, and he dropped her, telling her to find someone
else that suits her needs better, as he couldn't fulfill them. They talked later
again once in a while. But rarely, and now there hasn't been any contact for
almost a year. She longed for his skill with the whip, as he was very capable of
making her come only by using the whip. He didn't like that, he didn't want
someone that got off when he was whipping her, thus the break up.

Checking his watch, Joseph noted that, it was nearly midnight. Time was flying
by and he was enjoying the conversation.

"It is getting late Karen. I suggest we get some sleep", he said and signaled a
waiter to get to the table. He paid the check and left a nice tip. Then got up
to help Karen stand up like a gentleman. "I know your fantasies Karen, but that
does not mean i that i can't display good manners."

She looked puzzled at him, even more then when he helped her up. He must have
sensed the weird feeling in her gut, or more likely it must have been visible on
her face.

They left the restaurant, walking toward a cab stand.

"Sir, may i ask something?" she started as he didn't continue talking.

"Yes, you may. What's on your mind Karen?"

She swallowed. "How will we go on now? I mean, this dinner was extremely nice
and i am thankful for the ticket and everything, but what's going to be the next
step, sir?"

"Oh, that depends solely on you my dear." His hand got into his pocket and
pulled out a key on a key ring. The key ring had the same M emblem as the
message he had posted all over the place. He handed her the key, and a small
folded piece of paper. She looked even more confused.

"This is the key to my apartment. The note states the address. And here", he
handed her two hundred dollar bills, "is enough money to drive there by cab
about ten times and back from the most hotels of this city. I will not be home
the next three days. I want you to make yourself comfortable around here. Visit
the apartment, feel free to open every door, every drawer and every book. Look
everywhere you want to. There is nothing i have to hide, and i want you to be
sure that this is the case and i am not just making nice words up. On the fourth
day, i will be back home. I will arrive in the morning, around eight. If you
wish, leave me a note in the apartment, or call me." He paused and looked
around. "Or you just stay there. Your choice."

They reached the cabs and she sat down in one.

"Good night sir, and thanks."

He nodded and smiled, then closed the door and watched the cab drive away. Lots
had to be done.


End of Chapter 1




Chapter 2: Karen's first look


After the cab went around two corners, she gave the cab driver a different
address, a hotel she picked out at home. Nothing fancy but surely nice and not
something where he could find her. There was this strange feeling about him. If
she could have trusted someone she knew to tell how she felt and what she came
here for, she would have brought someone. But she couldn't. This she had to do
alone.

The next morning, she was a bit disoriented as she woke up. Her situation was
sinking in. She had to go to that house.

A cab brought her one block close to it, the rest she would scout out on foot.
The place was a nice building. It looked old, but not shabby. A classy style was
seen by its entrance gate, the black tall fence around it and the bright stone
walls contrasting to it. The garden around it with high bushes and a few small
trees was nicely groomed. She didn't know what she expected but didn't think of
something like this.

The key opened the gate for her. Then he opened the thick entrance door to the
building. Behind it was a wide corridor and to one side, in corner, the elevator
that had the sign penthouse above it. With a glance at the key she knew that
this was the place to go. Again the key opened the elevator and automatically
brought her up. Dimmed lights in the elevator made it a comfortable ride, as
well as the mirrored walls that made it look bigger.

With a soft sound the doors swept open and gave view into the penthouse. The
walls were a soft dark red, lined with gold on the top and the bottom. The
ceiling was wooden panels of a light brown color, that in a pattern had ben
replaced with mirrors. All of the floors were covered with a thick wine red
carpet that looked comfortable enough to lay down on and fall asleep instantly.
After two steps she decided to take off her shoes and was rewarded with a nice
cushy feeling.

"Anyone here?" she yelled into the apartment.

"Hello? Anyone?" echoed her uncertain voice back to her. There was no answer.

With more self confidence she strode to the small table in front of here with a
small card on it that simply said "Karen" on it, in a very nice handwriting.

"Karen, feel free to look around. Don't be scared to open every drawer. The only
thing i locked away are the locks for the bondage toys you will find in the
master bedroom to your right." Her glance followed the floor to the open double
door that led to a big room. She could see the big bed and its purposes easily.
"You find them in a transparent box in the cupboard. I have nothing to hide. The
computers password is written on the back of the card, as well as the number
where you can reach me if you want to call it off. Otherwise i don't expect you
to call my number. Enjoy your stay."

She put the card down again. Her feet carried her into the bedroom. Big drapes
were around three huge windows, one of them was actually a glass door that to a
balcony. The big bed that seemed oversized was not much over the floor, but
thick poles on all four corners and the rings attached to them made clear what
it was used for. In the frame, on the outside, were also several more rings. A
big cupboard was on her right side and next to it a walk in closet. In the next
wall was only another door that was open and showed a big bathroom that
contained a big tub that seemed large enough for 3 people, a shower and the
other necessities, all in shiny white. Besides that, there was no other
furniture in there.

The bed sheets felt soft and cool to her touch, completely in black. The bed
wasn't too soft, but gave some way on harder push. She noted it was differently
hard in different areas. The frame was pretty wide, but half the mattress
thickness below its upper level. It was black wood, that on the edges was
rounded and went then to the floor.

Her body trembled a bit as she opened the cupboard. Many different things were
hanging there. Cuffs, gags, belts, whips, chains, rope, masks, dildos and many
more things she couldn't identify or make sense of. The case with the locks was
in the middle, and it was closed. Another card was there.

"Feel free to try anything you like. You wont be able to lock yourself in some
way, but please don't tie yourself up with rope."

She touched one of the collars, a small one. It felt cool and strong. She picked
it up and just felt its texture. It was thin lined inside and seemed rather
comfortable. It had only a small buckle to close, was only two fingers thick and
besides that had no other ornaments then it being pitch black. She put it around
her neck, closed it tightly. Too tight, she felt as she swallowed and opened it
one notch. The black collar fit good and felt comfy. Her hands touched many of
the things in the cupboard, but she thought about the rest to explore and surely
would come back to this part again.

The closet was filled with clothes. Neatly hanging from their hangers, some
folded in shelves, shoes in boxes on the floor. Most of it looked expensive, but
all tasteful. There were only two jeans, one of them black, and couple of white
plain t-shirts, that could qualify as every days clothes. It looked like he
always seemed to enjoy being well dressed. His body shape must fit pretty well
in all the things she saw there. Materials on her skin felt wonderful.

Leaving the closet, crossing the room and then the hallway, the living room was
on the other side of the hallway. It was like the rest of the apartment big and
bright. Even though some darker tones were applied like the carpet and the
walls, the ceiling made it instantly bright and the big windows made it even
more so. Like the bedroom, there was little furniture.

A small coffee table, extremely low to the ground, wooden frame and glass plate.
The couch was pretty wide, looked sturdy, bright and had a few rings on it that
looked like they were ornaments. Pulling on them shoed they were meant to hold a
humans weight. It was broad enough so four guests could sit down and felt like
you sank a little bit into it when you sat down. A vitrine was on an outer wall
between two windows. Inside one could marvel at a small model of a house, more
sort of a mansion. It looked really nice, although it was painted nearly
completely in black. On the other side of the wall, a big flat screen was
hanging there, flanked by some thin looking speakers. Below was a high end sound
system she saw in some fancy magazines before, something that looks nice, but
also sounds awesome as she recalled. More speakers in the room, and a few framed
pictures on the wall rounded it up. The arts were all of some erotic nature,
some of them she recognized. One of the windows went to the floor, and actually
was a door that slid open to the side into the wall. It made way to an open
balcony, a big one where you easily could put out a table and eat with multiple
people. Again inside she noticed a button on the wall, next to the TV. Pressing
it slid open the wall and revealed a shelf stuffed with DVD's. Some of the
movies she knew, some were foreign. On a lower shelf where even a few porn
DVD's, all of them BDSM themed. Closing the shelf again she noticed a hook in
the ceiling. Not really something you would notice right away, but it was
clearly there and looked very strong, as if you could lift a car with it. Every
where she noted some things like this that were meant to tie someone to it, all
of them subtle but noticeable.

Off through a door, that opened to each side automatically, was the kitchen.
Again a bright place, with glass door cupboards holding glasses, plates and
dishes. Normal kitchen, just very well equipped. A huge fridge, actually two
fridges, and a freezer right in the kitchen. Dishwasher, detergents, cleaning
equipment. All of it has been obviously used, but looked clean as if they were
cleaned off right after use. Drake didn't seem to be a man that liked dirt, nor
clutter.

A heavy door reveled a lighter door behind it, that then led to the office. The
other door in the office led back to the hallway, next to the master bedroom.
This was clearly the room he spent most of his time. One large filing cabinet in
the corner next to his desk. The desk itself was a metal frame, with a cross in
front to stabilize it, and a thick glass plate on top of it. A computer screen,
mouse and keyboard were neatly tugged away in one corner, while some papers in
another made the surface complete. The corpus under the desk held two drawers, a
small one with some pens and usual office tools, the lower a few items he would
definitely use on a woman in his hands. Lots of files in the cabinet, mostly
customers files of his security business, most of them coded so it wouldn't say
who it was exactly, but besides that gave precise accounts of every job done for
them. In  the corner that went towards the master bedroom hung a punching bag
and on the floor were a few weights. That would explain his built.

Entering the hallway again she noticed the door on one side of the elevator the
first time. It was not really hidden but surely made to not catch the eye. The
guest room opened before her, the smallest room in the whole place, if small
applied to this sort of place. The big Bed on one wall dominated the room, the
closet door next to it gave room to a walk in closet only a bit smaller then the
one Drake himself had. A dresser, a table and a chair made the rest of the
furniture.

The last room was a big bathroom, smaller then the one in the master bedroom,
but with a shoer, 2 sinks and a toilet surely made for guests.

Stepping back into the hallway again she felt like she lost orientation. This
was a very nice place and she felt again like she just stepped out of the
elevator, overwhelmed by it. All the things she saw, all the images in her head
made her aroused. She needed privacy. The best place she could think of was the
guest room.

Inside, she closed the door, and undressed. Her skin was hot to her touch, and
she needed some relief.

Laying down, she felt the collar on her neck again. She completely forgot about
it. The soft leather felt so nice, she didn't want to take it off. Tugging a bit
on it, she thought of how he would maybe tug on it, pull her closer to look at
her. To gaze at her body, take her in, inspect her, make her his. Running her
hands over her body she felt her nipples hard. She pinched them a bit, wanting
him to pinch them. She didn't know what he would make her do, but she wanted him
to it. The toys in the master bedroom, she wanted to try them out, all of them,
wanted him to use them on her. Over and over again. She wanted to please him,
make him come, on her, inside her. She wanted to taste him, taste the whip form
his hands, taste her sweat while being used. His hands on her body, his bondage
on her limbs, his cock in her cunt. The images whirling in her head, the
possibilities and outcomes made her high and pushed her over the edge. She kept
playing and came again a short while after.


The following days, she explored the apartment in more detail. Watching some of
the DVD's, and discovering that there was a hookup to some sort of server where
more movies of all sorts were stored. She wore comfortable clothes, and enjoyed
sitting on the carpet. The fridge was more then well stuffed, and she didn't
miss anything really. Calling the hotel she checked out and had them send the
bags over.

The elevator also brought her to the parking deck, where the key she found on a
hook next to the table in the hallway, triggered the door of a Mercedes. A nice
black, big car, outlined with leather. She sat in it, started the engine once,
but then felt too scared to actually drive it.

In the cupboard of the master bedroom she found toys she played with, tried on
and wondered how he could use them. A collar with a ring in the front and a
leash to it excited her big time, and so she wore that one for a lot just loving
the small tug on her neck from the dangling leash.

The evening of the last day, she noticed another hook, under the table in the
hallway, easy reachable when you just reach under it. An idea formed and she
knew what she would do the next morning, when Drake would return.


End of Chapter 2




Chapter 3: First use of Karen

Slowly the door of the car opened. Drake stepped out of it and looked around.

"Thanks PD, nice of you to drop me off here." Looking back shortly he saw the
familiar house in the still dark morning. "Cabs are really not the appropriate
way to get around these days."

"I hear you Joseph, i hear you. With special freight non the less. You know, the
living kind?"

A smile played over his face. PD wasn't the youngest anymore, but surely had it
in him.

"Thanks for the chat by the way, i really enjoyed that as well."

"Oh yeah about that..." PD scratched his chin, his not that cleanly shaved
anymore chin bugging him. "You sure you want to put someone through that ordeal
we talked about? I mean, i know you can handle it, you got the skills and the
experience, also you got the tools, but that's still a though one. Sure you
don't need any help?"

"I will be fine. So will she. Thanks for your concern PD."

A sigh and a smile later PD shook his head slightly, grinning at Drake. "You
know i really wouldn't mind seeing that. If you get that girl to me, i promise i
treat her, well, special."

"Oh yes PD, i am sure. Now get going, still  along way from home for you. We
talk later. Godspeed."

"Yeah, yeah, can't blame a man for trying. See you around!"

As the car pulled away Joseph had to smile at the man that just drove off. For
years he has known him now and he still could come up with new ways to make some
person uncomfortably suffering, while she fully likes it.

Looking around he saw the quiet place that was his home for the time being. The
whole area was quiet. Mostly old people lived here, or the young ones who wanted
a quiet place away from the loud city. As always, the old building was like a
rock in the ocean, steadfast to whatever will come. It was always a soothing
thought for him when he looked at the building. Right now his thoughts were in
turmoil. He was curious how Karen was doing.

With a low humming the elevator brought him to the penthouse. As the doors swung
open, he was surprised, but didn't show it. Stepping out, he looked around
first. All was still orderly, no dirt, she obviously didn't make any mess, or
cleaned it up again. Something he appreciated a lot.

Slowly he stepped forward, then lowered his body to be closer to Karen.

She was kneeling on the floor. Sitting on her heels, her knees about a foot
apart. Her eyes were cast down, her head slightly tilted forward. Her wrists
were crossed behind her back. Around her neck was one of the back collars with a
ring in the front part. Attached to that ring was a short leash, that then was
hooked to the hook under the small table in the hallway. Her upper body was
covered in a loose white T-shirt, one of his he noticed, as it was way too big
for her. White panties showed around her crotch, besides that she didn't seem to
wear anything.

For sure she got his attention as he felt his arousal rising.

"Hello Karen. Look at me."

She lifted her eyes slowly.

"Does this please you, master?"

His smile was warm, the muscles in his face working into the expression and then
to a serious face again, with a hint of that smile left in it.

"Yes it does please me extremely. But i will ask you just to make sure there is
no misunderstanding, if you really want this."

As she opened her mouth he put a finger on her lips.

"Not yet. I will first layout the rules. Then you can still decide if this is
for you, or not."

Drake unhooked the leash and tugged on it slightly, so Karen got to her feet. He
led her into the living room, removed the leash and guided her to sit on one of
the big chairs, while he sat down on the couch.

"Should you accept, then this is how it is going be. You will be my slave for
the time you stay here. You do as you say, when i say, how i say. You speak when
i ask you or tell you to. You ask permission to speak when i didn't tell you to.
You represent my property, like the seat you are sitting on, or anything else in
this apartment. I will take my pleasure from you as i want it, and will give you
pleasure how and when i want it. If you fail to obey me, i will punish you. My
understanding of your likes and dislikes is vague to say the least, but if you
give me good indications with your body language and facial expressions, this
will make it for us both a much more enjoyable time. Your safeword is 'mercy'.
If you say this, i instantly stop, and you can retreat to the guest room. The
word will be for the day, so we will not engage in any sexual activities for the
rest of that day."

His eyes released hers, then went to the ceiling, taking a swirl over one
window, and locked on the TV set.

"I see you made good use of the electronics while i was away, i hope you enjoyed
my private collection."

Looking at the screen she couldn't tell how he would know from simply looking
around that she used it. Of course she had indulged in looking through his
extensive library of movies. Porn and others. She liked his taste in both.

"And you seem to be capable to be somewhere without making it into a pigsty. I
expect this to be the rule, not the exception, can you do that?"

"Yes, master."

"Good. Now, i will explore your limits with you, i might even push some, and
along the way we might find some more things we could do, but for this very
moment, all i want to know, is if you want to be my slave for the next weeks, or
not."

His eyes pinned hers again, a light shudder went over her skin. She sat half
naked with a collar around her neck in a complete strangers apartment, now she
practically begged this man to own her, to use her. To her own surprise, this
felt like the most natural thing to do.

"Yes master, please let me be your slave."

He smiled.

"Very well then. Lets see what new property i acquired here then, undress,
slowly."

She got up and slowly lifted the shirt over her head. Her breasts lifted with
her arms and her nipples stood out like little arrows point toward the sky.

"Turn around and remove your panties, bend down, but keep your legs straight."

"Yes, master", she said and complied, pulling them slowly, very slowly down,
then letting them drop and stepping out of them. She got up again and stood now
straight before Joseph.

"Put your hands behind your neck, yes that's right, now turn slowly on the
spot."

As he slid out of her sight, her face got flushed. This was humiliating, he was
watching her like a watch on a rotating display in a jeweler store. When she
turned around again, she saw him standing, only an arm reach away. She never
heard him stand up.

"Kneel down."

She complied instantly, kneeling as she did when he entered the penthouse. He
left the room and a short while after came back.

"Put your hands behind your back."

As her hands reached behind her, he grabbed one wrist and encased it in a
leather cuff. A small lock kept it in place. The same happened an instant later
to the other wrist. A third lock clicked and held the wrists together, very
closely, parallel and immobile. A strap attached in between the wrist cuffs lead
up and was looped through a ring in her collar. The strap was tightened and made
her pull her wrists closer to her neck, which made it impossible for her to move
her wrists or arms at all, without pulling on her collar.

"Open your mouth. More."

He pushed a gag in, then turned it and she felt that it was a ring gag. The
buckle closed behind her head, another small lock clicked in place. And another
lock clicked, her collar was secured as well. The leash was reattached.

"Listen carefully, i will not repeat myself, slave. You are now my slave, my
property. Since you just assumed this position, you have no rights. You are an
object, as low as this table or the chair over there. You do exactly what i tell
you, and will be punished if you fail. In the unlike case that you turn out to
be an excellent slave, you get rewards, paid in certain rights, or treats. Right
now, you are not worthy to be fucked. Your cunt and ass are not good enough to
be used by me. If you can convince me with your mouth, that your ass would feel
god too, i will consider fucking your ass. If you convince me that your ass is
nice, i will consider fucking your cunt. Nod if you understand."

She nodded.

He pulled her closer to the couch, made her crawl until she was close to the
edge. He sat himself on that edge, opened his pants and let his cock out into
the air. Her look fixed on the organ. It about medium long as far as she could
tell from her experiences, but it was thicker then what she usually saw. The
muscles in his thighs came into her view, big muscles. Her mind played an image
of her new master fucking her from behind and she nearly moaned.

His fingers went into her hair, then he gripped it. The pulling on her scalp
directed the ring gag towards the already erect penis.

"Lick it."

She began whirling her tongue around it. It felt soft and big to her. She licked
over it with the tip of her tongue, not giving too much pressure. Doing this,
she spent a few minutes, wishing she could take more of his manhood into her
mouth, wishing she could close her lips around it, which was very successfully
prevented from the ring gag.

With a very slow movement, he slid his cock a bit into the opening of the gag.
Her tongue was trapped behind the gag but she could now lick the underside of
his penis, which she instantly began doing. Drakes breath was getting more
steady and deeper, he enjoyed her tongue and thought about how she must have had
a lot of practice.

Suddenly he pulled out. He looked down at her face, her eyes looking up with a
question mark all over her face.

"If you can make me come with your tongue and then swallow what i have to give
without making a mess, i might consider to use you a bit more today. If you
fail, you will spend the rest of the day tied up on the kitchen floor."

Her nod followed the forward movement of her head. How eager, he thought.

"I wont make it easy for you." He said then let her mouth go over his cock
again.

For almost half an hour, she tried to bring him to orgasm. He pulled her a bit
away i she got too lose and concentrated on things that turned him off to delay
it longer.

Then he decided to push it up a little and thrust his cock deeper into her
mouth. She gagged, then chocked, panicked for a second and he pulled out.

"Did you ever take a mans cock in your throat?" He asked, looking down at her.

Her nod was enough for him. Slowly he let his cock push into her mouth again.

"Then you will take your masters cock into your throat as well. Take all the
time you need."

She pushed forward and gagged again, pulling away. This repeated itself a few
times, with her enthusiasm rising, as she could feel his cock pulsing slightly.
With effort and willpower she overcame her reflex and pushed herself on his
cock, her nose hitting his skin. His hand held her there for a few moments. She
tried to pull back, started to squirm around, but he just had her locked in this
position. She calmed down, then slowly he began to move her head on his cock.

He is using me, she thought, like a thing with a handle. I am just a object to
give him pleasure. And it feels so good.

Her tongue slid around his dock, but he kept at it for a few minutes, until she
started to groan in frustration. She couldn't make him come. Obviously it wasn't
up to her, and it frustrated her, that she wasn't able to give him the pleasure
she wanted him to feel.

After hearing her frustrated groans over and over again, he decided to let go.
With a deep moan from his throat he came. His cum was hot and salty. She
swallowed eagerly, hoping that it would please him, which it did. She licked on
his now deflating cock, but he pulled it out of her mouth. He pulled up his
pants and closed them up. Then she felt him tieing her ankles together. The rope
didn't cut in, but wasn't comfortable either. Next that rope was looped between
her wrists, and pulled tighter. She sat down on her ankles and he pulled it so
tight that she couldn't get up anymore, then knotted it off. Any movement, that
was more than her heavy breathing was impossible now.

"You did good. In a short while i might want to use your mouth again. Now i have
some unpacking to do."

He got up and picked up the little suitcase in the aisle. She was left in the
living room, gag, tied up, naked, with his semen in her mouth. She loved it.


End of Chapter 3




Chapter 4: Getting used as and getting used to be a slave

She toweled her hair off as she stepped out of the shower. The master bathroom,
as she got to think of it, was larger than the apartment she had in college.
Naked and still a bit wet, she hurried into the bedroom. Joseph Drake was laying
on the bed, reading something on a slate like device with a screen. The white
background lightened up his features even more then the setting sun outside.

His glance hit her body, and a short "kneel" came from his lips.

Quickly she got down on her knees as she was told. She didn't dare to look up,
but she could see and hear that he did not move off the bed, he just kept
reading.

The warm air in the room kept sucking the rest of the moisture off her skin, but
her hair would stay wet for a while. She could feel the slight contracting
feeling of her drying skin, hear his nearly inaudible but steady breathing, the
little faint click when he pressed a button.

After her use in the living room, it took him nearly an hour to get back to her.
After ten minutes she was aching, but she didn't feel much of it as she was away
in her own head space. He teased her with his cock around her gag a few times,
and she got back to reality. She tried to lick it, brush his cock with her
tongue, but only slightly was able to actually touch it. Then he let her lick
for a few moments and returned to just tease her. Tied up, with her arms behind
her back and her ankles tied, she was completely helpless and unable to move
anything but from her neck upwards.

He kept at it, until her stomach created an audible growl, it was two in the
afternoon already.

Laughing he commented, "I certainly have to agree with your stomach. As much as
i would like to give you something to eat from me, i think real food is in order
now. Maybe later i will give you a small dessert."

Letting her bondage loose, removing her gag but keeping her hands tied behind
her back, he led her to the kitchen and made her sit on a chair. After getting
dressed, he joined her in the kitchen.

In the fridge was enough food to last for a long time, so he picked a few
snacks, sat down beside her and started to eat. Her eyes were eating every
single piece he put into his mouth and she was licking her lips.

"If you want something, you have to ask", he told her and put another snack in
his mouth.

Karen swallowed. "Master, could i have something to eat? I am really hungry."

"But of course my little slave", he answered. "I don't have use for a slave that
is starving."

He was feeding her, then eating for himself again. Sometimes he kept the food in
his hand or pulled it away from her, teasing her. She was frustrated but saw
that it seemed to amuse him.

After they ate, he sent her to brush her teeth, after removing her bondage.
Meanwhile he cleaned the kitchen up.

She waited in the bathroom, as he came to brush his teeth. He ignored her naked
presence completely and left the bathroom after he was done.

For nearly five minutes she waited there, a bit lost, not knowing if she should
move, or what she should do. Then he appeared again, clipped the leash into her
collar and tugged her into the master bedroom.

With a small push on her shoulder, he made her kneel down in front of him.

"Would you like some dessert now slave?"

"Yes master", she replied eagerly.

"Then get it", he told her with a smile on his face.

Slowly she opened his pants and pulled them down a little. Then she freed his
cock from his shorts. His organ was already half erect, so she took it into her
mouth and licked around it. In a very short time she got him to be fully erect.
Greedy she fed on his cock, licking and sucking. She wanted to prove that she is
a good slave.

Deep moans and the spurts of cum in her mouth were the reward she craved.

"You did good Karen", he said as he pulled up his shorts and pants. "I might use
your ass today, since you have proven to be pretty skilled with your mouth
already. But i am not entirely convinced."

She forgot about the row of how she had to prove herself, with her mouth her ass
and then her cunt. And he would not use the later if he is not satisfied with
the first ones. Biting her lip, she hoped he would use her soon.

He gave her the order to pick all her belongings and put them into a cardboard
box. That one will be stored in his storage in the garage, that is locked up. He
gave her the key, and told her where it is. Meanwhile he would have to finish
some business, so she has the time for herself until he will use her again. The
way he described her use, as if he is using a toothbrush, a remote or a handle
made her shiver.

All her things stored away, using his bathrobe as cover for doing it, she did
some workout. When he came into the living room, he told her to shower as he
nearly finished his work and will want to use her later on.

There she was, kneeling at his bed, waiting to be used.

He put the slate away, then sat on the edge of the bed, looking at her.

"Look at me Karen", he ordered her.

His eyes were looking into her again, and she had to will herself to keep the
contact with them.

"As my slave, you will sleep in my bed with me. You will be naked, except your
collar and one ankle cuff. The ankle cuff will be chained to the bed and locked,
so you cant leave the bed really. Only i can unlock it. Your body is always
available for me, so you should always make sure to make it easy for me to use
it, however i want to, whenever i want to."

He looked down her body, sensing the heat building inside her.

Later he used her mouth again, this time she was ready for bed, as he called it,
chained to a ring in the center of the frame on the foot side. He laid on his
back, naked, and she did the best to service his cock. After he came, he pulled
her up, and she snuggled on his chest, as they fell asleep.


Drake woke up with her shifting her weight a bit. She still as snuggled up to
him, lodging her head on his arm. It felt like it was there for a while as his
arm seem to have fallen asleep. Slowly pulling it form under her, moved up and
began massaging it. As the tickling sensation came into his arm again she rose
form sleep as well.

"Good morning slave."

She smiled.

"Good morning master."

He got up from bed and went to the cupboard.

"Your mouth is good enough to pleasure me for now. You can improve, but that is
something for later. Now i intend to use your ass."

He picked a few coils of rope, a tube of gliding cream and a cushion that looked
like a huge teardrop.

"Do you like getting fucked in your ass slave?"

"Yes master, i do."

"What do you like about it?" A question, he mused for himself, that was more
rhetorical, but definitely added to her stimulation. Being forced to say things
openly she otherwise wouldn't tell anyone freely, was quiet a turn on for her.

"Part is the feeling, part is the humiliation, also the taking of the pleasure
from my master which turns me on."

Her head felt sometimes like it was a shining beacon, although she knew, she
didn't blush easy anymore. Still, it sometimes made her feel awkward.

He made her kneel, put the pillow in front of her so that the pointed tip was
facing away, then guided her to lean over it. Her hips were resting on it. With
his knee he guided her to spread her legs. She felt that, doing so would rest
her weight even more on the pillow which seemed to have a more solid content
inside. Positioned behind her, he pulled her wrists behind her, tied them
crossed together and left some rope over. Next he secured her ankles spread
apart. With the leftover rope from her wrists, he tied it them to her body,
wrapping it once around, so she could feel the ropes straining slightly every
time she breathed in deeply.

A drop of the gliding gel on her ass hole made her almost jump. The cold feeling
was dripping down to be caught by one of his fingers. Slowly he rubbed it
around, then penetrated her ass with nearly no resistance. Soon he added a
second finger that took a bit more force. More gel was applied, and as he
fingered her ass, he applied some to his hard cock.

"Brace yourself slave, i will take posession of your ass hole now", he said and
pushed the tip of his cock against her ass hole. He only pushed a bit, so the
tip was pressing a bit against her, but not really pushing deeper. Moving his
hips a little, giving some light pressure, he felt how she relaxed below him.
His cock slid a bit deeper. Now her hips were moving, she was fucking herself on
the tip of his cock, only a few millimeters in either direction. A sharp slap on
her ass made her stop.

"I did not command you to move slut, you will get ten lashes with the nine tail
as punishment later. Now keep still."

The movement made him smile. She was enjoying herself, and the prospect of the
whip made it more exciting for her. As instant punishment, he leaned forward
more, pressing into her now, forcing his way into her rectum. All she could do
was try to relax. It hurt a bit, but she managed to relax and turn the pain into
pleasure as well, relaxing even more. As his hips touched her ass a moan came
from her throat. Drakes build seemed to fill her entirely. His cock was deep in
her, not too deep to cause serious pain, and somewhere where she could hardly
feel him. He fit in her ass perfectly. She wondered if he also fit in her cunt
as well.

With slow movements he started moving inside of her. Only a little at first,
then slowly enlarging the distance he pulled out, before slamming back into her.
Each thrust made her jolt a little, as it ripped through her body. She was
riding the feeling. Drake picked up speed, started moving out farther, until he
was thrusting fast into her.

His hands, that rested on the pillow until now, grabbed her hair. He held her by
it, down and was pulling on it when he thrust into her as well. Karen was deep
in her own subspace, as she felt being used by her Master. Being his pleasure
toy, the fuck object of his choice for the moment.

With a groan Drake came, shooting his cum into her ass, then pulling out
quickly. Repositioning himself in front of her face, he pulled her head up by
her hair.

"Open up", he commanded and she opened her mouth without thinking.

His cock tasted like a mixture of cum, shit and the gel. Not pleasant at all,
but it greatly stimulated her, the humiliation and the use of her body again.
After she sucked and licked on it for a few minutes, he was satisfied, pulled
out, and simply let her head drop on the bed.

Heading for the shower Drake looked ad Karen who felt his cum dripping from her
ass, but she was still in her own little world.

As he emerged from the bathroom a few minutes later, he ignored her completely.
He simple stepped through the door and was gone, only wearing a bathrobe.

After an hour, although for Karen it felt like hours, he returned, sodomizing
her again, with the same force as before. Again, she cleaned his cock. This
time, he released her, told her to use the toilet and get some breakfast and be
back in the master bedroom within fifteen minutes. She hurried.

Within ten minutes she was back, looking at a stool that stood before the bed.
He grabbed her hair, guided her to it, facing the back of it, pushing her close
to its backrest. He tied her ankles to the two legs in the back, then pulled her
head over, so her hips were resting on its slightly cushioned top. Her wrists
were tied to the legs in front. When she put her head up, she knew she would be
at a perfect height for his cock again. His plans differed though.

The whirling sound made her a bit anxious, but she knew what it was coming from.
She dropped her head and braced for the impact. There was none. Instead she felt
cool strands of leather wandering over her skin. Her back and behind were
lightly touched by the ends of the whip. She felt strangely aroused and was
wriggling her butt a bit, without noticing. Instantly the whip bit into her
behind. She yelled surprised up, the pain was mild.

With a constant rhythm her behind was whipped. The strokes were mild, but she
felt her ass getting hot and her cunt getting wet.

Suddenly he stopped.

"I am now to test your tolerance in pain. I will whip you, then you will thank
me, and ask me to whip you harder. Then i will whip you harder, and you will
repeat this. We will continue this little game until i see fit. If you feel that
you cant take much more, you are allowed to plea for me to stop, but its
unlikely that I'll do."

The blow was light, lighter then the ones before.

"Thank you master, please hit me harder", she said.

"To make this even more useful, i will also teach you how to properly talk about
yourself. You will not say I or me or any indicators in that direction anymore.
You are my slave, my property, so you will either use 'your slave' or you can
also vary in using other depravities such as slut, whore, cunt, fucktoy and so
on. Understood?"

"Yes master", she replied. Her mind was working on it, while the next blow hit
her.

"Thank you master, please whip your slave even harder"

He continued the whipping, gradually increasing the strength. At stroke number
forty, it already stung on her skin. At blow fifty, she was about to start
pleading. Ten more blows later, gasping for air, she did start.

"Thank you master, please whip your fuck toy harder. Please master, your slave
is suffering, please let your slave rest."

Smiling, he ignored her, and cracked the whip down again.

Ten more strokes, and lots more pleading, he stopped.

"This whipping is over slave."

"Thank you master, thank you so much", she babbled.

"Why do you think it is over slave?"

Her mind was still a bit clouded from the pain but also the arousal flooding
through her body. The whipping did hurt but it also turned her on a great deal.

"Because i pleaded for it master?"

He shook his head. "First you used the term I, which you will be punished for
later. Second, no, not because you pleaded. You could plead all day, and i
wouldn't stop. I stopped because it was my wish to stop. And only because of
that. Its my wishes and my pleasure you are here for to satisfy. Wouldn't you
agree?"

"Yes master, your slave apologizes and sees her error." Her head hung, her mind
was a bit clearer.

"Good, then now to some pleasure", he said and moved behind her, pushing his
hips against her burning behind. She groaned up from the experience. His hard
cock was pushing against her ass hole. The gliding gel made it easy for him to
enter her. As she felt his cock filling her ass, his hips pressing against her
sore bum, she was ready to cum. As he fucked her ass with long and fast strokes,
she felt herself experiencing an orgasm like she never did before.

After he came, he pulled out, pressing his cock against her lips. Greedy she
began licking and sucking his cock, cleaning it thoroughly. After he removed his
cock, a plastic phallus replaced the real thing in her mouth. A strap held it in
place, just outside of the zone where her gag reflex would kick in. Next two
sharp teethed clips were attached to her nipples. They didn't bite too hard, but
they surely were uncomfortable form the first second. To round it up, he told
her to get on her tiptoes then attached a sharp edged wooden bar to the top of
the chair. When she tried to lower herself, she felt a very uncomfortable edge
poking into her hips and belly. Only standing on her tip toes would prevent her
form feeling it.

"This is your punishment for not using the proper form before. If you do not
learn, punishments for such small things will get harder each time."

With that, he left the room, switching off the light.


End of Chapter 4




Chapter 5: Revelation of the mansions plans

Drake left her in the room for an hour, while watching some news and having a
small snack. A small camera in one of the rooms corners captured the helpless
woman, and showed it to him in the corner of the big screen.

First he removed the ties from her ankles, then her wrists. Helping her up on
shaky legs, he laid her on the bed. Her nipple clamps came off next, then the
gag. Besides her collar she was naked again.

From a cupboard he got a short chain, and two wrist cuffs, attaching them to her
wrists, he pulled her up again and guided her into the shower. The cuffs were
made for suspension, but right now more for her support. He attached them with
the chain to a hook in the center of the showers ceiling, so she could stand
with her legs together, but easy was carried by her wrists, if she spread them a
bit more.

He lubes up and inserted a small plug into her anus that gave her a short shower
from the inside. Lacking any other option, it went into the shower and down the
drain. Then he slowly washed her body. He took extra care of her breasts, her
nipples, then her sex and her thighs. Last he washed her feet, even rubbing
between each toe. He mentioned something about taking good care of his property,
but she was in a pretty big blur and exhausted. After he washed her down
completely, he turned off the water, wrapped her hair in a towel and began
padding down her body with a towel. He didn't rub, just push it lightly in a wad
against her,lifting it away and then push it a bit further down on her body. A
very ineffective way, but it made her feel highly pampered. Life as a slave was
good.


She slept like a stone. Her ankle chained to the bed, she woke, her head on his
chest, one arm beside her head touching his shoulder. She felt one of his hands
gently stroking her back.

"Master, may your slave speak?" she asked.

He smiled. "Good morning slave, yes you may."

She swallowed. "Your slave does not know exactly how to say this right. Your
slave would like to plea to you to use her cunt. She craves your cock in her
cunt badly and wants to be fucked by her master, how ever he wants to."

Drake felt his semi erect cock harden. She had experience in BDSM before him,
but he didn't think she would plea to be fucked this fast.

"Hmm, i think i will fuck you slave. But i am not very convinced that you really
want it."

She groaned inwards, if she every was ready to be fucked it was now.

"Sit on your ass, spread your legs wide and open your cunt wide for me, maybe i
can see then if you are ready to be fucked."

Fast she complied, pulling her lips apart showing him her cunt. He was now
laying on his side, looking casually over her body, on her exposed sex and then
into her eyes.

"Fuck yourself with two fingers", he told her, following her hand that went as
if on autopilot to her cunt. Ring finger and middle finger of one hand
disappeared inside her, and she started to fuck them into her slowly.

She was very wet and a few slurping sounds escaped.

"Lick your fingers clean", was his next command and she complied, sticking them
into her mouth.

"No, lick them, keep them outside your mouth and lick them with your tongue
sticking out." Again she did as told, licking on her fingers as if they were
candy. He had seen enough, now it was time to continue with it.

"Get on your knees, push your ass in the air, then rest your shoulders on the
bed."

He got up, while she positioned herself. As he returned he grabbed her wrists,
twisting them to her back and snapping metal handcuffs around them.

Slowly he teased her, touching her cunt lips with the tip of his cock, but not
pushing. Maybe unaware, Drake thought, she pushed herself towards him, oh yes,
she needed this badly. Holding her in place with one hand on her tied wrists, he
guided his cock with the other hand, pushing slightly against her outer lips,
sliding it up and down. Karen was shivering a bit, the denial was more than
evident.

Very slowly, he began to push. Every time she moved in a direction, he pulled
out a bit, making her groan in frustration. The process took nearly three
minutes until his hips were pressing against her ass, for Karen it felt like
hours.

With his hands he began to play on her breasts, sometimes moving a hand over her
back or her behind. Slowly he began to move inside her. Pinching her nipples he
found out that she tightened her muscles all over her body from it, down to the
muscle around his cock. He played around with that a bit, while the effect wore
off after a bit.

His strokes grew larger and faster. She breathed harder under him, and when she
felt that she only needed a few more seconds, he buried himself inside her
deeply and stopped. She moved her ass, he slapped it hard. A few times more he
hit her ass hard. He let her cool down a little, while he concentrated on
stroking her soft skin. Then he decided its time for Karen to come.

Keeping himself deep inside her, moving in small but fast strokes, he kept
fucking her for a few minutes. She groaned and moved some more, but he ignored
it this time.

"Ask for permission to come slave, or you will be punished", Drake told her.

With heavy breathing she spoke. "Please master, give your slave permission to
come. She craves it badly. Please master, your slut needs to come." Her
breathing got harder, the act of begging made her turned on even more.

Smiling Drake granted her permission, just in time, before she came with a deep
moan in her throat. The spasm of the orgasm shuddered through her body. The
tension of the last days ran through her and released in the orgasm through her
body. And then Drake came as well, shooting his load deep inside her with a
groan.

After a few seconds, he pulled out of her. She was breathing heavy, eyes closed.
He smiled down on her, stroke her hair gently and went to the bathroom to clean
himself up.


Over the next weeks, Karen was fucked, tied up and humiliated constantly. Never
before she felt so good in her Life.

They were laying naked on the couch, watching a movie called "Secretary", while
Drake caressed her Skin. They were laying on their sides, Karen in front of him,
leaning against his chest.

"How would you like it", Drake began, "to be my slave for a longer time?"

This caught her off guard. "Your slave would love to be treated like this
indefinitely, master."

Drake laughed. "I am serious my little Karen, and indefinitely is a long time
period, so you might consider what you just said. Also, you should consider that
you might not be the only slave i have then."

"Oh", was all she could manage.

"You described fantasies to me, being used with another slave, or even by
another slave. Being used by multiple people, and so on. Is this still the case,
or do you think you could not handle this?" He kissed her neck from behind.

"These are still things your slave fantasizes about master. But your slave never
thought her master would be interested in those things. How would you want to do
those things, master?" She was a bit confused but truly excited by the prospect
of the fulfillment of those fantasies.

Drake smiled. "The model of the house over at the window", he pointed, "is not
just some fancy decoration, it is the model for a real house that soon will be
built. It is a mansion i have been planing to create for a few years now."

He guided her up, took her by the hand and guided her to the Model. She examined
it a few times before, but never paid too much attention to its Details.

"This mansion, will be a place where i can live out my fantasies, by giving
submissive women the fantasies they crave, like you do. It will be built in a
remote location, with high security around it and privacy guaranteed. It will be
even possible to play out in the open sun, and nobody would see it. The mansion
can house four masters and up to twenty slaves. It has multiple themed rooms for
different settings, many bedrooms, but also cells and the like. In total, anyone
being inside the mansion would never have to leave the compound again, as there
also is a doctor stationed inside the walls, and other things are delivered to
the walls of it."

He looked into her eyes.

"The mansion needs still a lot work before it can be created to my vision. And i
need help for this. Somebody with your skills could greatly help in creating
this place. But you should think about it first, as this would mean a big
commitment to me."

His arms wrapped around her and pulled her close to him.

"And i grew quiet fond of my little slave."

Karen smiled. Her thoughts were in turmoil and she didn't know what to say,
which she expressed to Drake. He told her to go to the bedroom and chain herself
to the bed, he will be there in a bit to use her, and after that she will have
some time to think. He did not expect her to answer right away, but when she
knew on her own what she wanted. Instantly she hurried off to do as she was
told.


The next morning, as Drake was playing with her hair while she woke up, she felt
like she knew the answer.

"Master, i wish to be your slave and help you in creating the mansion as you
envisioned it. I am sure of it, but i will need a few weeks to settle my
affairs. Will you grant your slave that time, so she can be yours fully?"

Joseph Drake smiled. He found the first slave of the mansion.


End of Chapter 5




Chapter 6: Grounds to build on

Karen found herself back in her old Life faster than she could blink. Her boss
threw money and privileges at her to make her stay, and she denied all of it.
The guy wasn't that bad, but he could not give her what she craved. The company
accepted her quitting, and the few friends she had there wanted to stay in
contact. She knew that was very complicated with her being naked inside a walled
compound. She couldn't just invite them over for coffee if they are in the area,
which was unlikely in the first place. So she prepared the cover story of her
going on a long travel around the globe. It was unlikely she would see them
again anyways, and she had no friends that were so close that she would miss
them really hard after a while.

The mansion was something she craved and the more time she spent alone, she knew
that this was what she wanted. Her thoughts often circled around the issue if
she had done the same Drake had, if she had the resources for it. Probably not,
she mused, he had the power and drive to actually do something that way, most
likely only a dominant with a special mix of qualities would do this and those
would be rare. And of course that mix paired with enough money and power would
be even more rare. But then again, she thought about it if there were other
mansions, islands or similar setups elsewhere in the world.

First she sold all her things. She wouldn't need them anymore. A small shoe box
sized metal box with pictures and other memories, she placed at a bank depot,
where she wouldn't need a key. All her money she transferred into an offshore
bank account, where the depot box would be paid from and some employee of the
bank look for the growth of her capital. She did not care too much, but in case
anything did not work out, she always could go back, and create a new life for
herself. With only the clothes on her, she entered again the apartment building
of Joseph Drake five weeks after she left it.

As the door opened she left the elevator, and kneeled down in front of her
master, lowering her head.

He leaned down, fastened her collar around her neck and kissed her forehead.

"Welcome back slave", he said smiling.

"Thank you master, your slave is happy to be back and available for her Masters
use."

She craved his treatment immensely. During those weeks apart she was constantly
horny. She masturbated every day, multiple times. Never she got really
satisfied, it only left her craving for more. There were no instructions for her
on how to behave from Drake. She simply should settle all affairs, and be back
with only her clothes on her as her sole possession not taken care off.

Drake attached a leash and led her int the living room. He guided her to stand
up, then fastened wrist and ankles cuffs on her. The wrist cuffs got attached to
hanging chains, the ankle cuffs to rings in the floor. In the end she was still
fully clothed, standing with wide spread legs and arms secured in the living
room. Drake wore a white t-shirt and some black pants. As he usually did, he
walked barefoot on the thick carpet.

Slowly he waked to her, standing in front of her, grabbing her head by her hair
and forcing her to look into his eyes.

"I have no use for a slave that does not submit to me, one that changes her mind
on every whim, or decides to leave at the first inconvenience. If you submit to
me, you are mine for a month. Then i will ask you again if you want to submit
further. After that, it is for 6 months, and after that for a year. Every year
after that you get the chance to leave me again, always at the same day, never
in between. Do you understand that, slave?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good, now, do you wish by your own free will to submit to me, to be my slave,
my property i can do with as i please?"

Karen gulped, this is it girl, she thought. "Yes Master, it is my wish to submit
to you, to be yours fully to be used as you see fit."

He smiled. "Very well then slave, then lets get rid of the last things from your
old life."

With that he got a knife from his pocket. It had a curved top which clearly was
made to cut things in the inner curve. this way one could simply cut everything
off someone, without the chance of hurting that person. And cutting he did. Her
pants were cut down first, slowly, with multiple cuts he cut them around her
waist. Then he cut them in their length and they simply slid off her legs. Next
was her shirt, a light fabric that ripped from under her arms very easy to her
waist. Then he cut it in half in front. Its own weight, dragged it behind her to
the floor. Her bra, cut on the top parts then in front again also slid down,
followed by her panties. Now naked, she felt very exposed and vulnerable, but at
the same time so engulfed and secure like never before.

She spent an hour in this position. While she was being whipped all over her
body, touched, kissed, fucked, whipped again, then fucked again. In the end she
didn't even remember exactly how he took her down, chained her to the bed and
let her sleep.


Neither Drake nor Karen wanted to waste time, and so the next morning, they
started the work that was to great extends already planed out by Drake. Their
first priority was the grounds on which to build. There were three that looked
very promising already, and so they decided to go and look them up.

Karen, not having any cloth of her own anymore, was given a short black dress
and matching high heels. The dress covered her essentials, and was plain, the
heels high and with straps. If she bent over too far, her ass would be shown. No
bra nor panties were given to the outfit and she didn't mind. Drake himself was
in a dark gray suit with a shining white shirt, and black shoes. They took the
car, with the top down and went to the first site.

The drive was long and they chatted about the different locations a bit.
Sometimes Drake was stroking her inner thighs, and he mused about locking her
wrists behind the seat, but decided against it since it was too open here.

The day was sunny and hot, they would be able to reach the first two locations
the same day, the last one would have to wait for the next day, on their way
home. First they drove to a place with a lot forest around it. Drake did not
like it very much, but it was not easy to find a suitable place for his needs.

They strode for about an hour through the forest, looked at the place where the
mansion should be built and drove around the grounds to see where once the
security walls would be built. After three hours of intensely looking the place
over, making numerous pictures with a digital camera and noting down things on
his PDA, Drake decided to drive to the next destination.

He had a basket in the trunk prepared for the trip, containing sandwiches and
some bottles of water. While they drove and discussed the last place, Karen gave
him water or fed him a sandwich, so he could keep his hands on the wheel at all
times. As they cleared the forests and were on more straight roads again, Drake
picked up again the habit of arousing Karen in her seat.

Their second destination was in a small valley. Few trees were around, and all
in all it was a green area. Although Drake liked it, Karen thought about the
comment of being outside and pointed to the large hills. It would be possible to
see everything inside the valley from either hill. Drake agreed, although he
could have bought them as well, it somehow made him reconsider his position.

Spending the night in a motel, they got up early the next morning, and after
some exhausting sex, with her wrists tied to the shower head while warm water
was falling down on them, they drove to the last destination. It took them
nearly the full morning to reach it and the drive home would be another three
hours, but Drake wanted to take his time as with the other properties.

As they drove through the area, they saw that it looked a bit yellow here and
there. It was rather dry and looked liked there was a drought here. Some hills
in the area made it hard to guess how far everything stretched, but there were
also more flat areas. Here and there was a wall of trees, stopping the soil from
corroding, or simply part of a bigger forrest. The road they drove on was a
gravel, then they went on to a dirt road that led to the place where the mansion
should be. As they stood where he decided the mansion should be placed in the
end, they looked around themselves.

"A modest sized wall would shield a big area from anyone standing outside
instantly", Drake explained as he pointed to the road where they came from.
"Behind us is pretty much nothing for dozens of miles. The gravel road leads
nowhere and ends another three miles further north. So if nobody takes a wrong
turn on the highway, there will be at any given time, not a single soul within a
ten mile radius."

Drake turned around. A bit away was a larger rock, about the size of a small
house. The oddity made him smile.

"Does this rock amuse my Master?" Karen asked.

"Yes it does. I think there could be done some pretty nice things with it. I had
plans to create a small rock wall inside the mansions grounds, this natural
occurrence would although make it a lot nicer."

The place they were standing on was a slight hill, which made it possible to
look over the area pretty well. With walls around the property, one would be
able to see beyond them from the upper floors, but unless airborne, nobody would
be able to see inside.

"Would you enjoy to be my slave here, Karen?" Drake asked her.

She fell to her knees, put her wrists behind her back and lowered her head.

"Yes master, i would love to be your slave here."

He stepped behind her and tied her wrists, then helped her to stand and waled
her to the rock. Leaning with her back against that rock, Drake lifted her dress
a bit to reveal her sex, and fucked her until both came. It was the first orgasm
she had on the grounds of the mansion, one of many to come.


End of Chapter6




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Galt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





