BDSM Library - Kidnapped




Kidnapped
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sexy blonde girl is kidnapped and raped by 3 guys then sold to a real Master once her attackers find out the cops are after them.Nobody thought the rented white van parked outside the building looked suspicious,
  especially not the careless neighbor who let it follow them through the security
  gates into the basement car park&hellip;..  

They waited, the basement silent aside from the occasional resident coming
  or going. Two of them hid in the back, talking quietly, nervously arranging
  and rearranging the ropes and straps around them. A third sat behind the wheel,
  watching the entrance to the car park for any signs of her car. He had been
  dreaming of this moment for months. He had been watching her for a long time,
  watching her almost every day, photographing her when she wasn't looking. He
  knew her routine, he knew her friends, he knew her gym, he knew where she ate
  her lunch and where her doctor's office was. He also knew she had never seen
  him. It had been close a couple of times&hellip;.he'd almost hit her car one
  day in his haste to keep her in sight as she went round a corner. But she was
  always too self absorbed to worry about someone like him. But soon she would
  notice him and today was the day. It felt right. He knew she would be home
  soon; she would have been at the gym for the last hour before dropping her
  friend off and coming home. She'd be sweaty and tired&hellip;.perfect.  
He tensed as the basement doors slid open. His heart raced as the familiar
  nose of her silver convertible appeared through the doors.  
"It's time boys."  
He jumped out of the van, street directory in hand and watched as she pulled
  into her bay. He leaned against the car and peered at the directory as if he'd
  never seen it before.  
"Excuse me Miss?" he called out in his best English accent.  

She sighed as she got out of her car and heard the voice call to her. She
  was exhausted from the gym and the last thing she needed was to give directions
  to another lost tourist. They were always staying in the building and needing
  help with the security system or with directions or something. Still, she figured,
  if she was in their place, she'd want help too.  
She smiled at the lost tourist, taking note of the typical Hawaiian shirt. "Why
  do English tourists always dress like they're on a luau" she thought.  
She grabbed her bag and wandered up to the white van, not noticing the side
  door partly open.  
"Do you need help?" she asked.  
"Yes, I can't seem to find my way to town. I want to take the wife and kids
  to dinner and don't want to get lost. Do you mind showing me on the map?"  
"Sure" she replied, moving next to him and pointing to the map. "Here's Main
  Street where we are and this road is Western High&hellip;&hellip;OUCH!"  
He grabbed her around the shoulders and shoved her into the van stunning
  her as her head hit the side. The door slid open and before she could fight
  she was pushed inside where the two strong men were waiting. Her scream was
  short lived as she was pushed roughly to the floor and a hand flew over her
  mouth. She fought for breath through her nose as a heavy body settled on top
  of her, her struggles useless against his weight, her lungs crushed.  

He slammed the door shut and picked up the fallen directory and her bag.
  He checked to make sure he hadn't missed anything and hurried to the front
  of the van. He rummaged through her bag and found her access pass then pulled
  quickly out of the basement. He glanced in his rear view mirror. He could hear
  her muffled squeals and struggles as she fought his two friends. Her mouth
  was already filled with the gag and the tape was wrapped around and around
  her head to keep it in. He tried to keep his eyes on the road and resist the
  urge to look much more&hellip;.it would not be easy to explain all this to
  a cop if he was pulled over! He grimaced at the thought, checked his speed
  and drove on.  

Meanwhile she was in hell. Her mouth was stuffed full of rag and the tape
  was pressing into her lips so tightly it was almost painful. Her head throbbed
  where it had hit the side of the van and she was sure she's have a bruise there
  later. Her arms were pulled behind her back and tied with rope which was biting
  into her wrists and elbows. She could feel her ankles being tied together and
  pulled up behind her. The rope was wrapped around her neck, digging into the
  soft flesh and she groaned as her struggles for breath became harder. She looked
  up at one of her captors, pleading with her eyes. He smiled down at her and
  then everything went dark as the blindfold was pulled over her eyes.  

He pulled the van into the garage and used the remote to close the door.
  He jumped out of the van and eagerly opened the side door. One of his friends
  hopped out and gestured to the bound figure on the floor.  
"Not bad huh? She's been fighting a bit but calmed down when we started to
  slap her."  
He sighed as he took in her hogtied form. Her struggles were weak now compared
  to before. She was losing hope of getting free which was perfect. He leaned
  close and breathed in the scent of her hair. It was enough to make him excited&hellip;.god
  he had wanted her for so long!  
"Let's get her inside, then after we've had some fun you should take the
  van back to the rental company before anyone sees it here."  
They untied her legs from her neck and she gratefully took in a deep breath
  as the rope loosened from her throat. Together they carried her into the house
  and placed her on the bed they had ready for her.  

As soon as she felt the bed beneath her she knew their intentions. She began
  to struggle with all her might but it was no good. She tried to kick but was
  rewarded with a hard slap to her upper thigh. Before she knew it she was bound
  spread-eagle, her arms stretched out as far as possible and her legs forced
  apart. Suddenly the blindfold was lifted and she squinted as the light hit
  her eyes. She blinked up at the three men that stood over her, one rubbing
  his cock through his jeans. Her breath came fast through her nose as she watched
  them lustily stare down at her. One of them climbed on the bed and straddled
  her. He grabbed her singlet by the neck and savagely tore it from her body
  as she squealed in shock. Her chest heaved with every short breath she took
  and he watched as her breasts threatened to spill out of her bra. He reached
  to the table beside the bed and grabbed a knife. Immediately she was still,
  holding her breath in fear as her trailed it over her breasts. It hypnotized
  her, her eyes followed it's every move as it scraped gently against her flesh.
  Using the tip her cut through the middle of her bra and her breasts bounced
  free of their confines. He cut the rest of the straps and pulled it free, leaving
  her naked from the chest up.  
Her breasts were as good in real life as they were in the photographs he
  had taken of her and they were real! He was so hoping they were but he couldn't
  tell from his pics because she always wore a bra. He massaged them roughly
  and she turned her head away in shame, tears forming at the corners of her
  eyes. He watched her expression as he pinched her nipples hard. She whined
  through her gag and her forehead furrowed in pain. He grinned sadistically
  down at her, "I'm glad they're so sensitive," he said.  
She looked fearfully up at him, not realizing that that would just turn him
  on more. He moved down and crouched between her legs. He smiled as he saw the
  camel toe that her gym shorts caused. He wondered if he realized how much that
  drove men like him mad! All girls like her are just teases he thought.  
He leaned down and smelled in between her legs, he could smell her sex and
  he rubbed his nose on her lips. She pulled away from his as much as her bonds
  would allow and he sighed. He sat up and leaned close to her ear, "Listen to
  me very carefully, I am going to cut your shorts off with my knife. Be very
  still, you wouldn't want me to slip would you?"  
Her horrified expression told him that she understood his every word. She
  froze as he again moved between her legs and began to slice her shorts until
  they were free. He ran the tip of the knife along her slit, over her g-string.
  He could see her quivering ever so slightly with fear. He lifted the side of
  her g-string up with the knife and pulled it until it was cut. He did the same
  to the other side causing it to wedge between her pussy lips. He slowly pulled
  it free, watching as it sliced between her lips. He tossed it to one of his
  friends who lifted it to his nose and smelt her juices. The tears flowed down
  her cheeks in shame.  
He sat up and admired her naked form; the gym had certainly paid off for
  her. Her legs were well defined and her stomach was flat. His cock was throbbing
  in his jeans and the way she was looking at him wasn't helping. He ran his
  finger across the light patch of hair above her pussy, savoring the moment
  he had wanted for so long. He could smell her sweat and her pussy and the flavours
  combined into the most erotic perfume he had ever experienced. He hadn't realized
  how transfixed he was until one of his friends interrupted.  
"So can we do her now?"  
The reality of the situation hit him and he inwardly sighed at having to
  share his prize. A necessary evil he told himself, he knew he didn't have the
  confidence to do this alone and these two friends had been as close as brothers
  since they were little. They had shared everything, including a few girls,
  and it would not have been fair if he'd kept this one to himself. At least
  they were giving him some space and letting him take charge.  
"Yeah, let's see how she likes the three of us inside her."  
She knew it was useless struggling against her bonds but she could not just
  let them fuck her without a fight. The rope dug into her wrists and ankles
  and she began to sob uncontrollably. Her nose was running and she could barely
  breathe but she had to fight.  
They watched as she thrashed around on the bed. Finally she was still, tears
  ran down her cheeks as she fought for breath through her running nose.  
"Do you want me to take that gag off you?" one of them asked her.  
She nodded frantically.  
"Now, if I do that for you surely you can repay me with that pretty mouth
  of yours?" he asked her.  
She shook her head at him and sniffed hard defiantly.  
He smiled and reached down and pinched her nose shut. She squealed and struggled
  as her air was cut off.  
"Now how badly do you want that air? Will you suck me for it?"  
She knew she was beaten, she nodded and gratefully sucked in air as he released
  her nostrils. She lifted her head and he began to unwind the tape. She grimaced
  as it pulled at her hair but finally she was free of the horrible gag. She
  spat the rag out of her mouth and licked her dry lips.  
"Let's roll her over so we can fuck her at the same time" one of the others
  said.  
"No, please," she croaked, her throat dry from the gag.  
"Shut up bitch."  
They untied her feet and hands and forcedly rolled her onto her stomach.
  Pushing her hands up high on her back they tied them tightly together between
  her shoulder blades. One of them got behind her and forced her legs apart then
  pulled her onto her knees. She knelt there, between the three of them, head
  hanging down. The one behind grabbed her hair and forced her head up, pulling
  her back against him, forcing her to watch as the others undressed. She could
  feel his stiffening cock pressing against her ass as two others were revealed
  in front of her. She tried to scratch the guy behind her, a useless act but
  one of pure defiance. He yelled at her and threw her head back down on the
  bed. He ran his hand over her quivering ass. "Now that you will pay for," he
  told her.  
He began to spank her upturned ass, the others cheering as it got redder
  and redder and she began to howl in pain. Red handprints crisscrossed her cheeks
  as the blows rained down. He cries were growing louder so one of them knelt
  on the bed in front of her face and lifted her by her hair to his stiff cock.  
"Remember our deal," he told her as she tried to turn her face away. He tightened
  his grip on her hair and pushed his cock into her tightly closed lips. Still
  she resisted, she closed her eyes to block out the cock in front of her. She
  did not see the slap coming but she certainly felt it. Her cheek felt as though
  it was on fire and she gasped for breath. As soon as her lips opened he once
  again tried to push his cock in and this time he succeeded. She gagged as he
  began to push it deeper and deeper into her throat. He closed his eyes and
  enjoyed the feeling of her throat, he could tell by the way she was gagging
  that she had never had a cock in her throat before and he was glad he was the
  one to break her in. He moved her up and down his cock by her hair "Suck it
  good, come on you can do better than that. You don't want my friend to start
  spanking you again do you?" Even with his cock in her mouth he could hear her
  protest.  
The last she wanted was another slap on her already sore ass. The feeling
  of one of them running his hands along the reddened flesh was enough to cause
  her to squirm. The cock in her mouth was growing bigger and bigger and she
  was careful not to let her teeth in the way, what would they do to her then?
  She didn't have a chance with her hands tied like they were and with three
  of them in the room. Her ass was still up in the air and she could guess what
  was coming next. Sure enough it didn't take long for the one behind her to
  probe at her pussy with his fingers. She cringed as he told the others her
  pussy was totally bald so she must be a slut. She felt him spit onto her most
  private parts and push it inside her with his fingers, getting her ready for
  him. Then what she feared most happened. She tried to scream but it only made
  the one in front of her tighten his grip on her hair and push his cock further
  down her throat.  
She felt every inch of him slowly enter her tight pussy. She could feel him
  stretching her apart, going and deeper and deeper inside her, how big was this
  guy? Finally she felt him against her ass, he had fully impaled her now and
  she felt like she was going to explode.  
"My god this bitch is tight!" he exclaimed as he began to move in and out
  of her. "I'm gonna have fun stretching this one."  
Together they pounded her at each end. Rhythmically fucking her despite her
  muffled sobs. The third began to squeeze and pinch her nipples as he wanked
  beside her. She wasn't sure how long they fucked her like that but it seemed
  like forever. They swapped positions over and over again until she was exhausted.
  But they were not finished.  
"Let's make this slut airtight," one of them suggested.  
She would have screamed if she didn't have a huge cock in her mouth. Her
  ass was a virgin and she wanted it to stay that way. But she didn't have a
  choice in the matter. They pulled her onto her knees again and one reached
  over her and pulled her ass cheeks apart. The third knelt behind her and spat
  onto her rosebud before pushing his finger inside. She squealed and pulled
  her ass away earning herself another slap on her sore ass.  
"Now stay still and relax and this won't hurt&hellip;.much" she was told.  
Slowly, despite her muffled screams, her virgin ass was plundered. She felt
  as though she was going to pass out from the pain. She drifted into space as
  all three of her holes were used again and again. After what seemed an eternity
  to her, they finally came, one deep inside her ass, one down her throat and
  another over her tits. The pungent smell of their cum bought her back to reality
  and when they withdrew she lay there still, exhausted and thoroughly broken.
  They tied her feet together and looped a rope from the bed head around her
  neck and taped the gag back in her mouth. She was too tired to protest. They
  left her there, her holes dripping cum, her body aching from the abuse. She
  slept.  
She wasn't sure what time it was when she woke but the sun was peeking in
  from behind the corners of the curtains. Her stomach rumbled with hunger and
  she desperately needed to pee. She rolled over, her shoulders and arms aching
  from being tied for so long. Her tits, ass and pussy were covered in dried
  cum and she shuddered in revulsion as she thought back to the night before.
  She heard movement outside the door and she watched as one of her captors entered
  the room. He smiled at her as he took in her bruised ass and red eyes.  
"Do you need to go to the bathroom?" he asked her.  
She nodded and he could see the urgency in her eyes.  
"Ok but if I untie your feet you will be good won't you?"  
She nodded again. He patted her head. "Good girl."  
He reached down and untied her feet, she stretched her legs and he helped
  her stand.  
"You need a wash!" he exclaimed as he saw the dried cum of her tits. She
  couldn't help but nod in agreement.  
He dragged her by the rope around her neck into the bathroom and pushed her
  into the shower. He quickly undressed and followed her in and held her face
  first against the wall. She sighed in relief as she felt him untie the ropes
  from around her wrists and arms and gratefully stretched them when he was done.
  He turned her around and retied her hands above her head to the top of the
  shower rail using the rope from around her neck, leaving her totally exposed
  to him.  
"Now pee, then I'll wash you," he told her and stood back to watch. "This
  is your only chance so don't waste it!"  
Her faced burned with embarrassment as a warm stream trickled down her legs
  into the shower. She could see his cock get harder as he watched her piss which
  only made her more ashamed. When she was done he pointed to his cock "I have
  to go too, you don't mind do you?"  
She squealed as he pointed it at her and shot a hot stream across her belly.
  She yelled through her gag as it trickled down her legs and puddle at her feet.
  After every last drop had been spurted onto her, he reached over and turned
  on the taps, enjoying her squeal and squirm as the cold water hit. When it
  was warm he stepped into the shower with her and began to soap up her tits.
  She turned her face away so she wouldn't have to watch. She wanted to be clean
  but she wished he'd let her do it herself. His fingers probed at her pussy
  and ass as he washed the cum out of her and she whined as he touched her sore
  fuckholes.  
Finally the dried cum and piss was washed away and she finally felt clean
  again. He left her there, shivering as he dried himself before he rubbed her
  down with a towel. He untied her wrists from the shower rail and led her by
  the ends of the rope out to the living room where one of his friends was sitting.
  He led her over to him and handed him the rope.  
"Hey, she's clean now. Look after her for a bit while I get something to
  eat."  
She looked down at the half drunk guy in front of her. He looked like he
  had barely slept and was only half awake. He pulled on the rope and she knelt
  next to him. He held the rope loosely in one hand and was barely watching her,
  paying more attention to the porn movie that was on the screen in front of
  him. This is my best chance of escape she thought. Her eyes searched the room
  for the best way out. The kitchen was to her right, there was one of them in
  there, to her left was a hallway, surely that led to the front door! She watched
  the guy next to her out of the corner of her eye. She didn't have much time
  before the other one came back but she wanted to wait until she was sure that
  this one wasn't paying attention.  
The she saw her chance, he yawned and closed his eyes for just a second.
  That second was all it took for her to rip the rope from his hands and she
  was in the hallway by time he yelled in surprise. She ran for her life down
  the end of the hallway, the front door in sight. Escape was only seconds away&hellip;.  
Then she screamed through her gag as a door was flung open in front of her
  and the third guy stepped into the hallway. She couldn't stop and ran straight
  into him. They fell to the floor and before she knew it she was pinned by his
  weight. She cried in frustration, she could touch the front door from where
  she was lying. So close!  
"What the fuck are you doing letting her get away?" the guy on top of her
  yelled at the half drunk one.  
"It all his fault," he said, pointing at the third guys who had run in from
  the kitchen when he heard the commotion. "I thought her feet were tied."  
"I told you to watch her!"  
"Well, I was almost asleep!"  
The argument would have continued if her squirming hadn't drawn their attention
  back to her.  
"So what do we do with her now?"  
"Take her back to the bedroom, lets show her what we do to girls that try
  and escape."  
She squealed as they lifted her by her hair and dragged her back into the
  bedroom. They threw her back onto the sweat and cum covered sheets and tied
  her firmly to the bed by her hands and feet.  
"What do you think guys? 10 from each of us?"  
The other two agreed. One of them took the belt from his jeans and started
  to whip it across her breasts. She screamed and screamed as the belt welted
  her tender tits. The others counted to 10 and soon 10 red marks striped her
  tits. She cried and cried with the pain. When he was finished they rolled her
  over and she got 10 lashes across her back. The last one picked up the belt.
  The others untied her feet and made her kneel. She tried to pull away but she
  could not escape the belt as it was lashed across her ass, the tip was flicking
  her pussy and making her squeal in pain. Finally they were done. One of them
  took pity on her and removed the gag from her mouth so she could breath, he
  told her he'd leave it off of she promised to be quiet and she agreed. In a
  weak voice she asked for a drink or some food.  
"Maybe later, if you're good" she was told.  
They left her and she sobbed and sobbed. She pulled at her bonds in frustration
  as tears dripped down her cheeks. Finally she cried herself to sleep.  
One of them came to her later with food. It was the only food she had eaten
  since she had been here and she was hungry enough to let him feed her by hand.
  She was so grateful she didn't even protest when he secured the gag back in
  her mouth with more tape. She lay back down on the bed, still exhausted, and
  slept.  
When she awoke this time it was dark. She could sense people in the room
  with her but someone had put a blindfold over her eyes.  
"Is there anyone there?" she asked.  
She heard movement and smelt alcohol. They were back and they were drunk.
  She felt them all get on the bed and drunkenly grope her. She pulled at the
  ropes but it was no good, none of her holes were safe from their horny pricks.
  After hours and hours of fucking, she was left, cum covered and sore, crying
  quietly on the bed.  
The pressure in her bladder woke her. She could hear loud snoring from the
  other rooms. She squirmed and tired to relieve the pressure but it did not
  good. She tried to call out but her gag was still filling her mouth and all
  she could manage was a muffled groan. She waited and waited but no one came.
  She shook her head, she wasn't going to pee. But she knew she had to eventually.
  Finally she gave up, she moved as far to her left as she could and relief washed
  over her as she peed onto the bed. She could hear it drip down the side onto
  the floor. When she was finished she moved back as far over as she could away
  from it but she could smell it. It mixed with the smell of the dried cum and
  fuckjuices and made her feel slightly sick. She closed her eyes and tried to
  sleep.  
She awoke to shouts. It was daylight again and she could hear a heated argument
  coming from the three men. She listened as hard as she could. By what she could
  make out it sounded like the rental van had been spotted leaving her building
  and had been traced back to the company. One of them was pissed because the
  clerk had given a detailed description to a police sketch artist and now his
  face was all over the news as a "person of interest". Luckily he had used a
  fake ID but surely it was only time until someone recognized him and then that
  led them to this house.  
"We gotta get rid of her!" she heard. "Then you can change your hair and
  shave off your beard so they can't pick you out of a line-up and we can pretend
  this never happened."  
Her heart skipped a beat! Surely they weren't going to kill her! She frantically
  pulled at her ropes.  
"I've got an idea. We might as well get some money for her. We don't want
  the cops finding a body anywhere and I don't think I could kill her so why
  don't we sell her?"  
Her ears pricked up at this new development. She wasn't just property that
  could be sold, she thought indignantly.  
"How are you going to do that?"  
"I met a guy online once. He's really into BDSM and all that stuff. I admitted
  to him once that we were thinking of grabbing a girl and he said if we ever
  needed to get rid of her he would pay good money depending on her quality."  
"See if you can get him online, if you can tell him he's gotta get her as
  fast as possible! I'm going to go shave and dye my hair."  
She heard them moving about and heard the familiar sound of a computer being
  booted up. What sort of guy bought girls, she wondered. Frightening scenarios
  played through her head. She tried to ignore the rumblings in her stomach and
  listen to the voices in the next room but she could not make much out.  
Meanwhile, they sat in front of the computer negotiating a deal. Pictures
  had been emailed and their buyer seemed very keen. He wasn't going to come
  and get her though &ndash; too risky, they would have to bring her to him.
  A price was reached and the meet was set for 2 hours time. It was a long drive
  to the meeting point and they would have to hurry. They hurried to make preparations.  
She could hear them rummaging about and she wondered what was going on. Two
  of them burst into her room, one carrying a bundle of rope and other things
  and the other a large suitcase. She looked horrified at them as she realized
  how they wanted her to travel.  
"Come on now, it won't be too bad," one of then told her. "You're going on
  a little trip and the person you're meeting had strict instructions for us."  
They pulled off the tape and removed her gag and united her from the bed
  and led her over to the case.  
"Can I wash again first?" she asked.  
The two guys took in her cum and sweat covered body.  
"Nah, consider it our little going away present."  
She knew there was no point arguing.  
"Here, have a drink. It's going to be a long drive."  
A bottle was held to her lips and she drank greedily. The cool water soothed
  her dry throat and she gulped down as much as she could.  
"Ok, come on. Time to get you packed away."  
Partly in shock, partly in utter defeat, she let them tie her hands in front
  of her. One of them wound tape around her fingers.  
"Can't have you trying to get out, can we?"  
She shook her head and a single tear rolled down her cheek. She didn't know
  where she was going but surely it couldn't be worse than here, could it?  
They lay on her side in a ball in the case and tied rope around her legs
  and feet. One of them put a piece of hose near her mouth.  
"Open up. This is so you can breathe when we close it."  
Obediently she took the hose between her teeth and they wrapped tape around
  and around her head, sealing her nose and securing the hose in her mouth. A
  blindfold was pulled over her eyes and she breathed deeply through the hose.
  She heard the zip being pulled shut and felt the case being lifted out of the
  house and into the car.  

The drive took well over an hour. She lay, blindfolded, gagged and tied in
  the case, no idea of where she was going or what would happen to her when she
  got there. Eventually she felt the car pull to a stop and the back door open.
  Carefully she was carried across to another car and placed on the back seat.
  She could hear muffled voices outside and then car doors slam. Her stomach
  was in knots, she had no idea whose car she was in or where she was going.
  Her heart thudded in her ears, drowning out the sound of the radio and humming
  coming from the front seat.  
It was another hour before the car pulled to a stop. Again she felt the case
  being lifted and carried, she could hear the crunching of gavel under the man's
  feet and then the sound of doors opening and closing as she was carried into
  the house. Gently the case was put onto the floor and she heard the zipper
  being pulled open. She whimpered in fear as she felt her hair being brushed
  away from her face. Slowly the blindfold was lifted from her eyes and she saw
  the man who had bought her for the first time.  

He was ecstatic with his purchase. The girl lay tied in the case exactly
  as he had asked for. She was blonde, toned and had great breasts. He watched
  as she squirmed about, she knew he was looking at her. He brushed her hair
  away from her face and she stiffened at his touch. He could see her chest rising
  and falling rapidly with her panicky breaths. He slowly pulled the blindfold
  away from her eyes and waited for them to adjust to the light. She blinked
  a few times and then focused on him.  
He was a good looking man; muscular and tanned with short brown hair. He
  eyes stared back down at her intensely until she turned her gaze away. "This
  one will be easy," he thought. "She's naturally submissive, confused and scared.
  Perfect!"  
He picked up the end of the hose. He could see her eyes watching him, wondering
  what he was going to do. He covered the end of the hose with his thumb, totally
  cutting off her air. Her eyes widened in shock and she tried to pull away but
  the case was too restrictive. Finally he let her have air. He wanted her to
  know that he was in control, her life was in his hands. He waited for her to
  take a few deeps breaths before covering the hose again. Her eyes pleaded with
  him but it did no good. He left it a little longer this time before taking
  his thumb away. She drew in short, deep breaths while she could. He watched
  her chest rise and fall with each breath and when she exhaled again he stopped
  her air. He waited for her to start to struggle and panic a little before he
  let go.  
She recoiled as he reached in and stroked the side of her face with his fingers
  and then started to remove the tape.  
"I'm going to take this off you now. There's no point screaming, you'll just
  make me angry and besides, there's no-one around here for miles anyway to hear
  you. Understand?"  
She nodded and lifted her head. He unwound the tape and removed the hose
  from her mouth. Gratefully she licked her lips and croaked in a dry voice "Where
  am I? Who are you?"  
"Shhhhhhh&hellip;" he told her. "Where you are doesn't matter. I am your
  owner, your master and you will address me as such. And you will not speak
  again unless I ask you a question. Ok?"  
Again she nodded, the last thing she wanted was to make this crazy guy angry
  at her.  
"Now, do you want to come out of there?" he asked her.  
"Yes" she replied in a small voice.  
"Yes what?"  
"Yes please"  
"No&hellip;yes Master" he corrected her.  
"Yes Master," she replied meekly, eyes downcast in shame at having to call
  him Master.  
"Good girl."  
He untied the rope from around her legs and feet and helped her out of the
  case, her hands still tied and taped in front of her. He stood her in front
  of him and lifted her chin so her eyes met his.  
"Are you scared little one?'  
"Yes Master. And I have to go to the bathroom."  
He smiled and stroked her hair.  
"Come on. Let's get you cleaned up. You are filthy! To filthy to be in the
  house!"  
He led her by her hands outside, she looked around, searching for signs of
  people but all she saw were hills and trees. They were somewhere in the country,
  she saw horses in the fields and could hear nothing but birds. He was right,
  if she screamed no-one would hear her. She was in a daze as he led her over
  to a tree in the yard and attached her hands to a rope that was hanging from
  one of the branches. He pulled on the other end of the rope and her arms stretched
  above her, pulling her onto her tiptoes. He tied the end of the rope off and
  stood back and looked at her expectantly.  
She knew what he was waiting for and she could barely hold on. She closed
  her eyes and peed herself. He smiled and picked up a nearby hose.  
She screamed as the cold water hit her full on, soaking her from head to
  toe. When she was thoroughly drenched he turned off the hose and left her there
  as he went to fetch a brush and soap. She hung there, shivering in the breeze.
  She was not used to being tied like this and already her shoulders were beginning
  to ache. He reappeared with the brush and soap and began to lather her up,
  running his hands all over her body before scrubbing her down with the brush,
  disregarding her pleas for him to be gentle on her bruised skin.  
He picked up the hose and again she shrieked as the cold water hit her. He
  hosed the suds off her writhing body, enjoying watching her ass and legs jump
  about as her squirted between her cheeks. When he was satisfied she was clean
  he turned the hose off and left her hanging there as he put away the brush
  and soap. When he returned her skin was covered in goosebumps and she was shivering.
  The breeze was drying her quickly and he used the time to run a brush through
  her long blonde hair until it was free of tangles. She put her head back and
  enjoyed the feeling of the brush through her hair. It felt so good to be clean
  again she almost didn't care about the way he had done it.  
Finally all but her hair was dry and he took her hands down from the tree.
  He pulled her along with the rope back into the house and she followed without
  protest. She knew there was no point struggling, he had a tight grip on the
  rope and she was sure she couldn't pull it from his as easily as she had with
  the other guy.  
He led her into the house. She couldn't believe how normal it looked; she
  didn't know what she had expected but certainly not this. He led her to a door
  off the kitchen and then she realized where kept his secrets. He took a key
  from its hiding place on top of a nearby cupboard and unlocked the door. It
  opened with a sinister creak to reveal a set of stairs leading down into darkness.  
She began to tug and pull on the rope. "No, I'm not going down there!"  
He sighed and turned to face her. His expression was firm.  
"Now, we can do this the easy way or the hard way but either way you are
  going down there."  
She was panicking too much to care what he said. She planted her feet and
  tried to pull the rope away from him.  
In one swift move he pulled her towards him and grabbed a handful of her
  hair. She screamed in surprise and then pain as he tightened his grip. Her
  hands flew up to try and save her hair but it was no good. He dragged her down
  the steps kicking and screaming into the darkness below.  
The basement had been waiting for someone just like her. A cage filled one
  half of the room with a bed and toilet inside. Chains and pulleys hung from
  the ceiling and the walls were filled with whips and hoods. Against one wall
  stood a large cabinet, filled with vibrators and plugs. Across from the cabinet
  was a long table with restraints attached to each end and a horse for bending
  girls over. A leather swing hung from one corner of the ceiling, it's chains
  clinked softly as the struggling girl was dragged past it and thrown onto a
  thick black mat in the centre of the room.  
He watched as she stumbled and fell onto the black mat. She stared at the
  equipment around the room in horror and then turned her gaze back to him. He
  stood over in his leather pants, enjoying the intimidating effect he was having
  on her. It was time to teach her respect.  
He lifted her still bound hands and ran his finger over the rope burn appearing
  on her wrists.  
"Does this hurt?" he asked her.  
She nodded, too scared to speak.  
"What do you say?"  
"Yes Master" she replied softly.  
"Louder please"  
"Yes Master, it hurts"  
"I am going to replace this with something more comfortable. If you move
  while I get them you will pay for it dearly, ok?"  
"Yes Master"  
"Good girl"  
He walked over to the cabinet and removed four black leather cuffs and a
  padlock. Each cuff had a small padlock attached so prying fingers could not
  undo it. Once they were on her that was where they would be staying for a long
  time. He brought them over to her and placed them on the mat beside her. She
  stayed still, remembering his threat. Leaving her hands tied he wrapped one
  cuff around her wrist and showed her how the padlock clicked together, making
  it impossible to remove the cuff without the key. He then captured her other
  wrist with the other cuff and did the same before attaching the two with the
  larger padlock. The third and fourth cuffs he attached to her ankles.  
Only then did he begin to remove the tape that held her fingers together.
  He used his pocket knife to cut through the ropes around her wrists and she
  rubbed them, wincing at the rope marks that had been left behind.  
He reached up and pulled on one of the chains hanging from the ceiling. He
  looped it between the cuffs on her wrists and clipped the end further up the
  chain. She watched in shock as he pulled on the other end of the chain and
  she was once again pulled onto her feet, arms stretched above her head.  
He reached down and pulled the mat out from under her feet revealing 2 metal
  loops attached about 3 feet apart to the floor. Using small links he attached
  each of her ankles to the anchors, pulling her legs apart and forcing her onto
  her toes. He walked back over to the cabinet and pulled out a large ball gag.
  She set her lips firmly together as soon as she saw it but it did not take
  him long to pull her hair back, forcing her to open her mouth so he could push
  the ball inside.  
"Now don't be difficult little one," he admonished her as he buckled the
  strap tightly behind her head. "You'll need this to bite down on when I start
  to whip you."  
She tried to scream at him though the gag but all that came out was a muffled
  protest.  
"Shhhhhhh. This is for your own good. You need to learn to respect me. You
  need to learn that I can be kind but I can also be very cruel. Think about
  that if you ever feel like misbehaving."  
He stepped back and looked at her. He loved to see her like this. Her nostrils
  were flaring and her eyes were filled with fear. She tugged on the chains even
  though she knew it was useless. Every part of her was exposed and available
  for him to touch and explore and punish. He let her languish for a while before
  he chose a leather flogger from the wall.  
He watched as her eyes fixed on the flogger in his strong hand. She froze
  and her breathing grew faster and faster as he walked behind her. He ran his
  hands over her back, feeling her muscles flex and relax under his touch. He
  stood back. She tensed, knowing what was coming. The flogger lashed across
  her back and she squealed in shock and pain. He let her get her breath back
  before starting to flog her back and ass again and again. She screamed and
  struggled, her back on fire from the lashes. Occasionally the ends of the lashes
  would flick her exposed pussy and she would scream louder as it hit her most
  sensitive parts. He gave her 50 before he finally stopped.  
He walked around in front of her and, oblivious to her cries, began to whip
  her breasts and belly. Tears ran down her cheeks as she wailed in pain. When
  he finished her breasts were crisscrossed with marks and her eyes were red
  and swollen from crying.  
He put the whip down, lifted her chin and stroked her hair, comforting her.
  He wiped the tears from her face and kissed her forehead. She was too exhausted
  to resist his kiss and her head hung down on her chest when he let it go. He
  walked behind her and she groaned in pain as he ran his hands over the red
  marks on her back. He reached between her legs and was surprised to feel wetness.
  Her pussy was swollen and her clit was peeking out from its hood. He massaged
  it and she moaned again but this time in pleasure. He knew she was submissive!
  He could not believe his luck. He opened his pants and his engorged cock sprung
  free, hitting her ass. He was surprised to see her push her ass out towards
  him. He ran the tip of his cock over her pussy and then gently entered her,
  feeling the tight wetness of her pussy as he fucked her. They rocked together
  and he came quickly inside her. He quickly reached for a dong and began to
  push it inside her. She groaned as she felt the thick dong being pushed inside
  her pussy. He tied it in there with rope around her waist and between her legs,
  trapping his cum inside her.  
He walked in front of her and reached down and unclipped her ankles. He attached
  the cuffs to each other with a short chain, hobbling her. He unclipped the
  chain from the wrist cuffs and she sighed in relief as she lowered her arms.
  At his insistence she sank to her knees and allowed him to recuff her wrists
  behind her back. He left her kneeling there as he fetched a thick leather collar
  to match her cuffs. He placed it gently about her neck and padlocked it in
  place. She didn't fight, she didn't protest, she was beaten and she knew it.
  She let him lead her over to the cage and lock her to the bed.  
"Goodnight Pet." He said as he placed the blindfold over her eyes.  

She woke to the sounds of a key turning in a lock. She rolled over, her cuffs
  clinking together as she tried to stretch. She felt him sit beside her on the
  bed and the blindfold was lifted from her eyes.  
"Good morning Pet. Are you hungry?"  
She nodded.  
"Do you remember your lessons from yesterday? If I take that gag out will
  you be quiet?"  
Again she nodded. She would do anything to get the gag out of her mouth.
  Her jaw was aching.  
"Good girl."  
He unbuckled the gag and she moved her mouth the work the stiffness out of
  her jaw. He helped her to sit and rubber the sides of her jaw for her. She
  closed her eyes and enjoyed the massage. He smiled, she was putty in his hands.  
"Now let's take this out of you too," he said, pointing to the dong still
  tied inside her.  
She rolled over and he untied the ropes from her waist. He pulled the dong
  free with a wet sucking sound and she signed in relief as the monster was pulled
  free of her sore pussy.  
"Come on, let's get some breakfast."  
He led her up the stairs to the kitchen. He pointed to a mat near the table
  and told her to kneel there. She did as he said and watched as he cooked up
  a breakfast feast. Eggs, ham, toast&hellip;the smells were sending her stomach
  crazy. Her mouth was salivating as she watched him pile a plate high with food.
  He placed the plate on the table and sat in the chair next to her. She soon
  realized that the plate was not for her and she enviously watched him start
  his breakfast.  
"What about me?" she finally asked.  
He looked at her furiously.  
"What is the rule?" he yelled at her.  
"Don't speak until I'm spoken to," she stammered back, horrified at her mistake. "I'm
  sorry I'm just so hungry&hellip;.." she trailed off as she saw his face get
  redder in anger.  
He reached over and grabbed a tea towel from the nearby bench top. He pulled
  it tight between her teeth and tied it so tightly behind her head she cried
  out.  
"Now you can stay like that until I'm finished. Then we'll see about feeding
  you."  
She hung her head down. Her stomach was rumbling like crazy and the smell
  of the breakfast he was eating didn't help. He took his time with his breakfast,
  enjoying the sight of the girl kneeling at his feet. He left her there as he
  read the paper, she didn't move a muscle. She had learnt her lesson.  
After what seemed like an eternity to her he turned his chair to face her.
  He opened his pants and pulled his cock free.  
"Now you have two choices, I can take that gag out, you can suck me and then
  I'll give you something to eat or you can go like that back downstairs and
  we'll try again tomorrow. What will it be? Breakfast or basement?"  
"Breakfast," she mumbled through the gag.  
"Good choice" he told her as he removed the gag and held his cock out to
  her.  
She grimaced as she took it into her mouth and began to suck. He held the
  back of her head and moved her up and down his cock as it got harder and bigger
  in her mouth. He leaned back in his seat sighed in pleasure. She was certainly
  working for her breakfast! He ran his fingers through her hair and began to
  pump her faster up and down. She could feel him getting ready to cum and she
  tried to pull away but his hands held her head down as he pumped her throat.
  He could see her hands behind her start to pull at the cuffs and it just turned
  him on more. With a shudder he came deep in her throat and she gagged and choked
  on his hot cum. He held her mouth at the bottom of his cock until he had shot
  his load in her mouth.  
"Swallow," he ordered her. "Or that will be your only breakfast."  
With a gulp and a frown she swallowed his cum.  
"Now lick me clean."  
With her nose screwed up in disgust she licked the cum from his cock until
  it was clean.  
"Good girl. Now you can have your breakfast"  
He stood up and put his cock back in his jeans. She eagerly watched as he
  went over to the bench and started to put her food into a bowl. He placed the
  bowl in front of her and stood back to watch. She looked up at him confused
  and looked pointedly over her shoulder to her cuffed hands.  
He walked over and she lifted her hands in anticipation of him unlocking
  them. He shocked her by pushing her head down towards the bowl until her face
  was in it.  
"Eat" he commanded.  
She was embarrassed but too hungry to care. Greedily she gulped down the
  eggs and chopped up ham. Her ass was thrust up in the air as she licked the
  sides of the bowl clean. She finished quickly and he took the tea towel from
  before and wiped the sides of her mouth.  
"What do you say?"  
"Thank you Master"  
He smiled and kissed her forehead before washing her bowl.  
"Now Pet, what shall we do with you today?"  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Reggy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





