BDSM Library - The Perfect Valentine's Gift




The Perfect Valentine's Gift
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Megan and Ryan from "When The Tables Turn" are back in a prequel. Ryan surprises Megan with a trip to a mountain cabin for Valentines where he plans to fulfill her fantasy. Does Megan get more than she bargained for when she finds herself being offered to his friends and tied to a tree outside in the cold?The Perfect Valentines Gift  
Part 1-Weekend at the Cabin   
Megan began to awaken as Ryan moved about the room getting ready for work.
  She opened her eyes, squinting against the lights.  
"Happy Valentines Day, sweetheart," he said to her as he saw her naked body
  begin to stir underneath the covers.  
She sat up and brushed her tousled hair from her face as Ryan looked towards
  her. He smiled and wondered if she knew how attractive she was like that, without
  the makeup and the jewelry.  
Megan stretched and swung her legs over the side of the bed, rising to get
  Ryan's keys. He had yet to be able to find them on the first try.  
She wrapped her arms around him and murmured "Morning Love, and Happy Valentines
  Day."  
Megan loved Valentine's Day and had been looking forward to it. Every year
  he surprised her with something different.  
Ryan pulled her against him and brushed an errant strand of hair from her
  face as he kissed her.  
 "Meg, I've made plans for tonight and the rest of the weekend. I will be
  home at 5:00 pm. You're to be ready for dinner out. You know the rules, baby.
  By the way, pack a bag for both of us. We're going to Matt's cabin for the
  weekend."  
He kissed her and left the bedroom. She heard the door shut behind him, followed
  by the roar of the engine as he started the Eclipse.  
Ryan's presence always remained even after he had left. She lay back down
  and rolled over to his side of the bed. Drawing in the scent of his body, of
  his cologne, she began to plan what to pack.  
Megan went about her day as she always did, a smile playing on her lips as
  she thought about the weekend ahead. Ryan was nothing if not creative, and
  he knew of her tastes, of her fantasies. It excited her to think what He might
  have in store for her.  
  
  Megan packed for their weekend carefully. She knew Ryan hated for her to over-pack
      just as much as if she didn't bring everything that was needed. She made
      sure that she packed her best lingerie along with winter sweaters, slacks
      and boots. She never packed the toys. He chose those himself, with careful
      attention and planning.   
She glanced at the clock, and realized she had let time get away from her.
  Megan turned the shower on and let it run hot before stepping into the warm
  stream of water. She let it cascade down her back as she shrugged her shoulders
  and neck, letting the warmth soothe and relax her. She soaped her body and
  shaved, making sure her mound was bare and smooth as he instructed. She ran
  her fingertips over her body, making sure her skin was silky.  
Stepping from the shower she grabbed for her towel. Megan wrapped herself
  in the warm cotton towel as she stepped out onto the cold tile. She checked
  the time. It was 4:30. She quickly patted herself dry and noticed her hands
  were shaking now, from fear of not being ready on time. She flipped her hair
  over and wrapped the towel around her long dark strands. Walking into their
  bedroom she opened the door to the walk-in closet.  
 
  Megan moved the hangers one by one, looking for the perfect dress. She wanted
      this to be the perfect Valentines Day. She stopped at a little black dress.
      It was short, with spaghetti straps. The material clung to her soft curves
      in a sensual way. It had a thin black lace overlay and was virtually backless.
      She loved it when he ran his hand over her back. The feeling of the heat
      from his fingertips would send chills up her body and he loved to tease
      her. He knew what his hand on her bare skin did to her body.   
 
  Pulling the dress from the hanger she placed it on the bed. She flipped her
      hair over and began to blow dry her shoulder length dark hair. She needed
      to hurry. Time was running out and he hated to be kept waiting.  
   
  After drying her hair she threw her head back, looking at her hair in the mirror.
  She pulled her hair up into a loose bun on the top of her head, leaving some
  free to hang around her face. Megan quickly applied some light makeup, mostly
  to highlight her eyes. She dusted on some powder in addition to her eye makeup
  and applied lipstick. Ryan hated heavily applied makeup.   
She opened her dresser and selected a pair of nude stockings, and
    sat down on the bed. Megan slid the stockings carefully up over her legs,
    smoothing them out as she went. She stepped into a pair of black "fuck me" stiletto
    heels. Ryan liked very high heels and she had made sure long ago that she
    could wear them with grace and elegance. 
   
  Standing up, she picked the dress up and stepped into it, pulling it up over
  her body, moving it past her hips and over her breasts. She reached behind
  her and fastened the short zipper. Megan lightly sprayed some perfume that
  he had bought her for Christmas on her neck and behind her knees.   
Megan regarded herself in the mirror and had to admit even to herself that
  she looked good. That wasn't what mattered though. What mattered to her was
  whether Ryan was pleased.  
At precisely 5:00 pm Ryan came through the door and smiled as he saw the
  two bags packed and waiting by the front door.  
Megan met Ryan at the door and kissed him softly, her stiletto heels almost
  eliminating the need for her to tiptoe. He held her out away from him and grinned
  appreciatively.  
"You look beautiful, babygirl."  
Megan fairly glowed at his praise.  
Ryan checked his watch and headed up the steps to shower with Megan following
  behind. She smiled as he began to undress. She loved to watch his movements,
  his muscles rippling at the slightest flex. Megan started the shower for him
  and set out a towel and washcloth. Ryan stepped into the shower and she began
  to lie out his clothes.  
Ryan emerged from the shower, water running in rivulets over his chiseled
  body, and grabbed the towel. He dried off as he watched Megan carefully laying
  out his clothes and smiled. For a moment he considered taking her right then
  and there. His cock stiffened as he watched her move about the room, her movements
  graceful and fluid. They didn't have much time though, and had a long drive
  ahead of them.  
Ryan dressed as they talked about their day and their night. He always approved
  of her clothing choices for him. It was one of the things he often followed
  her lead on. Tonight, Megan had laid out a dark gray suit, with a black shirt
  and wine, gray and black tie and black wingtip shoes. As usual, they made a
  breathtaking couple. Anyone who saw them always saw the perfect suburban couple.
  It was assumed they would marry and have kids and she would be a soccer mom
  and he would drive a mini van and they would go to church on Sunday.  
The perfect family.  
No one would have ever dreamed how far that was from the truth. How far Ryan
  and Megan were from the picture of ordinary. .  
Finally, he was ready as well. Ryan picked up the bag of toys that he had
  packed earlier and they headed down the steps. He grabbed the suitcases as
  they headed out the door, her locking it behind them. She turned towards the
  driveway and stopped.  
"Ryan, where is the car?"  
"Oh, I borrowed Eric's Explorer for the weekend. The Eclipse really isn't
  good for mountain driving."  
Megan nodded and climbed into the Explorer as Ryan loaded their bags.  
For some reason, she felt a sense of anxiety now and she didn't know why.
  It was just dinner and a romantic weekend at a secluded mountain cabin.  
Right? 
Part 2 &ndash; Be Careful What You Ask For&hellip;   
Ryan pulled into the parking lot with thirty minutes to spare before their
  dinner reservations, so they decided to have a drink in the bar while they
  waited for their table. Megan studied the couples around them, observing the
  diversity in ages and appearances, but they were all there for one thing and
  that was to celebrate Valentines Day. 
Megan turned her attention towards the man she was with. How did she get
  so lucky? Ryan was the man that every woman wanted, the man that every woman
  dreamed of. He was the man that every other man dreaded, at least if Ryan had
  set his sights on his girl. Ryan was intelligent, funny, and more sensitive
  than he cared to admit. It didn't hurt that he was good looking. It really
  didn't hurt that the man was one hell of a fuck and seemingly knew of a thousand
  ways to bring his lover pleasure. He knew even more ways to bring her pain,
  but that was another subject. 
Finally their table was ready and they moved to the dining room. It didn't
  escape Ryan's attention that even on this day, Megan turned men's heads as
  they made their way through the dining room, following the Hostess. He always
  found it amusing that she never noticed this, but always noticed the women
  who stared after him. He found it even more amusing that she was turned on
  by other women's attentions to him. 
They sat down and studied the menu. Megan, not really hungry, asked Ryan
  to order for her. After the waiter departed, Ryan pulled out two small perfectly
  wrapped gifts and laid them on the table. Megan grinned and followed suit,
  reaching into her purse and placing her own gift for him on the table. They
  both loved buying gifts and did frequently. She was practically bouncing and
  he laughed at her enthusiasm. 
"Go ahead, baby. Open your gifts." 
Ryan handed her the smaller of the two boxes. 
She removed the wrapping paper neatly and opened the small jewelers box and
  gasped at the large three stone diamond necklace. She looked at him with tears
  in her eyes, smiling softly. 
" Past, present and future  ," she whispered as she
  gently removed the necklace from its resting place. 
Ryan smiled, warmed in her delight. He rose from his seat and moving behind
  her, he took the necklace from her hand and fastened it around her neck. He
  kissed her temple and whispered, " I love you, babygirl  " against
  her ear. 
He returned to his seat and pushed the other gift towards her. 
"Now go ahead, open the other one." 
Megan couldn't help but notice his eyes darkened as he handed her the other
  gift. 
She removed the wrapping paper slowly and opened the beautiful leather box.
  She lifted a collar from the box, but it was not an ordinary collar. This one
  had a small box attached to it. 
Megan looked at Ryan curiously. He smiled and to demonstrate wrapped the
  collar around her wrist. She placed her hand in her lap out of view of the
  other diners. Ryan reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a small remote
  control device. He clicked on it. She tried not to gasp too loudly as the electricity
  shot through her arm. 
It was a shock collar. 
Oh, God. He had found yet another way. She knew the possibilities were endless. 
Ryan nodded, and Megan removed the collar from her wrist and quickly replaced
  it in the box. He took it and placed it back in his pocket. 
"I think, baby, this will work wonders with your training, don't you?" 
He smirked as she swallowed, her face paling at the thought. 
Megan recovered and handed Ryan his gift from her. He opened it, keeping
  his eyes on her. She withered slightly under his stare, and felt the wetness
  growing between her thighs. She blushed thinking of the wet spot she would
  leave on the velvet chair. 
She had given him a pocket watch. It wasn't just any pocket watch though.
  It had belonged to her grandfather and he had given it to her just before his
  death. Ryan was genuinely touched, knowing what this watch meant to her. 
"I don't know what to say baby. I love you for this and I will take good
  care of it. Who knows, maybe someday our daughter will give it to her Master," he
  said with a wink. 
Megan practically giggled at his words. At that moment, she had never felt
  such love in her life. He took her hands in his and they talked of their future
  until dinner arrived. 
They ate and talked and laughed just like the couples around them, even if
  they weren't. This had been a perfect Valentines Day so far. 
After dinner, they left the restaurant, still chatting. They got in the black
  SUV and he pulled around behind the building rather than out onto the highway. 
"What are you doing, Ryan? Where are we going?" 
Megan wasn't afraid. She knew Ryan would never harm her that way. She was,
  however, anxious and curious. A sinister cloud started to envelop the night
  and Ryan now had an evil look in his eye that she hadn't seen for quite a while. 
He practically pulled her out of the seat and opened the back door. Ryan
  handled her roughly, but she sensed this was intentional. Ryan never did anything
  in his handling of her by accident. 
First, he removed the new diamond necklace and carefully replaced it in its
  jewelers box and tossed it in the glove compartment. Ryan then placed the shock
  collar on her neck in its place. 
"This is the collar you will wear the rest of the weekend, well, at the very
  least," he said with a sly grin and wink. Ryan then fastened a leash to her
  collar. 
Ryan handed her ankle cuffs and instructed her to put them on. She complied
  and he kicked her legs apart. He then fastened a spreader bar to the ankle
  cuffs and cuffed her wrists at the small of her back. He pushed her towards
  the back seat, guiding her by pressing her cuffed wrists into the small of
  her back. Ryan picked her up and laid her across the back seat and fastened
  her leash to the clothing hook by the window before belting her safely into
  back seat. 
"Oh yeah, I almost forgot. A slut like you wouldn't want to ride all that
  way without at least one hole filled, would you?" 
Ryan grinned and pushed her dress up over her ass, exposing her. He went
  to the other side and opened the door and held out a plug. 
"Open your mouth, baby, if you want any lube." 
Megan opened her mouth wide and tried to make some spit to lube the anal
  plug. He laughed and slipped a penis gag into her mouth and fastened it around
  her head. 
"There you go, suck on that. I bet you can get some spit going. I've never
  seen a whore who drools so much when she sucks." 
Ryan slammed the door shut and moved around to the other side. He rubbed
  his hand over her exposed flesh and pushed two fingers roughly into her cunt. 
"I knew you were wet. I could smell your heat. Now look at that, you're getting
  the seat all wet. When we get there, slut, you will lick that seat clean." 
He smacked her ass, hard. His handprint began to glow red almost immediately. 
"Lift that ass up, slut. You know you want it filled." 
Megan whimpered and arched her ass upwards. Her cunt was throbbing and her
  ass was needy. Ryan positioned the plug at her brown bud. He smacked the plug
  with the flat of his hand. 
She screamed around the gag from the pain. 
"Good thing I gagged you. It's going to be a long trip with two holes stuffed,
  though. Maybe I should stuff your filthy little whore cunt, too. Would my little
  slut like that?" 
Ryan chuckled at her whimpers and worked the plug the rest of the way in.
  Her ass was well trained and it quickly opened up to accept the plug. Ryan
  got in the front and looked back at the bound figure on the backseat, plugged
  ass exposed for any truck driver who came by. 
"Comfortable, sweetheart?" 
Ryan chuckled and pulled out onto the highway for the two-hour trip to the
  cabin. 
"You know, babygirl, I bet there's going to be a few truck drivers who get
  an eyeful of that sweet ass. You know if they ask me real nice, I might just
  pull over and let them use you. Would you like that? Have me pull over and
  stand watch while a total stranger used you however he wanted. Let him turn
  you into his personal fuckmeat for a while? Whatever it is he wanted to do.
  Let him rape your mouth. Hey, he might have a buddy with him that could fuck
  your ass while you sucked the others cock. You'd like that wouldn't you, girl?
  To be a cum bucket for strangers? The trip will take longer but it will be
  so much more fun, don't you think?" 
Megan whimpered and moaned as Ryan talked, her honey running like a river
  between her thighs. She could feel the material under her as it became soaked,
  and she was at the edge or orgasm time and time again. 
Ryan knew without a doubt if he pulled over and ordered her to suck
    a truck driver's cock, she would do it no matter how disgusted she was. 
      
  She was His submissive, His slut. He never let her forget that, nor did she
want to.  
Part 3 &ndash; Puppygirl Games  
Ryan pulled into the long gravel drive and headed up to the cabin. Megan
  had drifted off but awoke to the sound of the gravel crunching underneath the
  tires. She stirred around, a puddle of drool under her chin and the wet juices
  between her legs now sticky. 
"Did you get a good nap, sweetheart? I let you sleep a bit baby, because
  you're not going to get much sleep this weekend." 
She smiled slightly to herself, thinking how much they needed this weekend
  alone. How she was looking forward to submitting to her Master and fulfilling
  his desires. 
Ryan stepped out of the Explorer onto the gravel in the circular drive and
  stretched. He opened the back door and looked in at his bound slut. He couldn't
  help but be aroused at the sight of her. Ryan unfastened her leash from the
  clothing hook, along with the seat belts. He pulled her out of the back seat
  and removed the spreader bar and unfastened the gag. He left the ankle cuffs
  on. He also removed the handcuffs and let her rest her shoulders and arms.
  She rolled her shoulders and neck, working out the stiffness. She heard the
  growl as she felt his hand grab a handful of hair. 
"Such a slut! Look at the mess in this back seat. Didn't I tell you that
  you would clean it up? Lick it up, all of it&hellip;NOW." 
Ryan pointed at the puddle of spit and at the wet spot of cunt drool on the
  leather. Megan began to lap at the leather, whimpering as Ryan wrapped his
  hand in her hair, and forced her face into the seat. As she lapped and slurped
  at the wetness she felt heard a whoosh and felt the blow of Ryan's crop on
  her pussy and against the back of her thighs Megan screamed in pain as the
  blows rained on her flesh. 
"Next time you wont be such a messy cunt, will you?" 
Ryan pulled Megan from the backseat and pointed to the ground at an imaginary
  line in front of him. She stood before him, eyes downcast, hands behind her,
  wrists crossed at the small of her back. He circled around her and stopped
  behind her and whispered in her ear, " Strip, my slut. Everything.  " 
Megan unzipped her dress and pulled it down past her breasts and over her
  hips. The dress slid down her silken thighs and pooled on the ground at her
  feet. She stepped away from the dress and out of her heels and quickly removed
  her thigh high stockings. She picked them all up and folded them neatly and
  placed everything into the back seat. She shivered in the cold night mountain
  air, as much from nerves as the temperature. 
Ryan moved his hands over her body, pinching her rock hard nipples and sliding
  his fingertips across her swollen labia and whispered into her ear what a beautiful
  whore she was for him. For a moment she relaxed as he led her up the path to
  the cabin, tugging lightly on her leash. She noticed that the lights were on
  but assumed they were on a timer. He opened the door and Megan felt immediate
  warmth and heard laughter. 
"Hey Matt, hey Eric, have you all been waiting long?" 
Megan's eyes widened at seeing Ryan's friends. She felt her face turn a flaming
  red. This obviously had been planned. 
"We got here about an hour ago, just watching a game and drinking a couple
  of beers." 
They leered at her and chuckled as she tried in vain to cover herself. 
"Nice Ryan, very nice", said Matt. "You said she had great tits. You've got
  her all dressed up like a dog there, with a collar and leash. What's with that?" 
Megan looked down in shame. Ryan had told her he would share her someday.
  But surely not today. Today was Valentines Day. 
Both Matt and Eric laughed until Ryan said, "Yes she is, she's a bitch in
  heat and she needs to be fucked." 
Ryan petted her on the head. 
"Isn't that right, puppy slut, you need to be fucked?" 
Megan was mortified, and wished she could crawl into a hole. She wanted to
  please her owner, but at the same time she was humiliated. 
She nodded numbly, "Yes Master, your slut wants to be fucked." 
They looked at him, and then at her, as she stood naked except for her collar
  and leash. Ryan told Megan to stay and went over to talk with them privately.
  She couldn't hear but she could see as they tried to keep the surprise from
  their faces as Ryan talked. She could also see their arousal as he explained
  why they had been invited. 
Ryan returned to Megan's side. 
"You will be glad to know they have graciously agreed to take care of your
  little problem of needing to be fucked like the bitch in heat you are. Well,
  pet what do you say to the nice men? Don't be rude." 
"Thank you for agreeing to fuck this b..bitch in h.. heat," Megan said. She
  looked down at the floor, trying to keep her emotions and tears in control. 
"You're not just a slut, you're a bitch in heat. Remember your place." 
Megan nodded, "Yes, Master." 
Ryan smirked at her as she tried not to cry. Thinking she needed to be alone
  someplace to get herself together, she looked up at Ryan. 
"Master, may I please go to the bathroom?" 
"Of course, puppy." 
She headed towards the hall but was pulled backwards as he yanked the leash,
  pulling her towards the door. 
"Dogs in heat piss outside. I thought you understood. What part of 'bitch
  in heat' DON'T you understand?" 
She followed Ryan outside, tears now streaming down her face. 
"Please Master" Her voice trailed off as she looked back towards the cabin. 
"Hold out your paws, puppy slut." 
Megan held out her shaking hands and Ryan slid a puppy mitten on each hand
  and tied it. He then knelt down and fastened pads to her knees. He pointed
  to the ground and ordered her to all fours and tied the leash to a tree. 
Ryan handed her a handful of leaves for toilet paper. "This is your bathroom,
  you may go now." 
Ryan went to the Explorer, unloaded the three bags and carried them into
  the warm cabin and shut the door behind him. 
Megan looked towards the cabin. She had never felt so alone or cold or scared
  as she did at that moment. 
Inside, Ryan had moved to a back room and sat in darkness, watching Megan
  from a window. He would wait for her to go to the bathroom before going back
  outside. Besides, it would give her a chance to adjust to the idea of being
  a puppygirl. 
Megan really did have to go, but she didn't want to go outside. She crawled
  around the tree, only managing to shorten her leash and had to crawl back around
  to untangle it. Finally she could hold it no longer and moved behind the tree
  and squatted, letting a golden stream spill out onto the ground. Megan blushed
  even with no one around. She wiped herself with the leaves and pawed at the
  ground trying to cover her waste. She groaned at seeing it running towards
  the cabin and pawed furiously to get enough dirt and dry leaves over it to
  stop the flow. Megan crawled back around to the front of the tree and sat there,
  shivering and waiting. 
Ryan chuckled to himself as he watched her do her business, such an obedient
  slut. He had changed into jeans and a sweater and was still chilly, so he decided
  to take a blanket to her. He put on his parka and headed out the door. Megan
  perked as the door opened and she sighed in relief at seeing Ryan. Her heart
  sank though, as she saw the blanket in his hand, surely he wasn't going to
  leave her out here all night. 
Ryan petted her on the head. 
"Such a good puppy, I saw you go to the bathroom!" 
Megan blushed furiously. 
He spread the blanket over her back. She licked his hand gratefully, her
  body feeling some much needed warmth. She was beginning to get the idea. 
"You know puppy, dogs wag their tail at their owners but you are missing
  your tail. What say I give you a tail so you can wag and show me how happy
  you are to be my bitch in heat?" 
Ryan pulled a plug with a tail attached from his pocket and showed it to
  her. Megan automatically turned around, presenting her ass to her Master. He
  removed the plug that was already there from their ride to the cabin. 
"What a whore you are. That ass is so open, just waiting to be filled with
  a big fat cock. Is that what puppy wants?" 
She started to open her mouth, but Ryan tapped her lips. 
"Puppy's don't talk, they bark and whimper and whine, but they never talk." 
Megan was starting to understand and barked at Ryan. 
"ARF! ARF!" 
"I'll take that as a yes, that puppy wants her ass stuffed full of cock." 
Ryan smiled and rose, and headed back into the cabin. A minute later he returned,
  this time accompanied by Matt and Eric. 
"Puppy slut wants to be fucked, sit up girl and beg, show them how much you
  want to be fucked!" 
Megan sat up, her hands lifted up in begging posture. She made little whimpering
  noises and moved her hands, trying to show how much her ass and cunt needed
  to be used. Megan was now wet, her cunt throbbing. She did want to be fucked,
  like an animal she wanted and needed to be fucked. 
She licked her lips at Ryan and his friends. 
"Well look at that guys, I think puppy wants her mouth filled. She must be
  hungry." 
"ARF! ARF! ARF!" 
Ryan couldn't help but laugh at what a slut she was, and at what a cute puppy
  she made. 
"Maybe I should just keep you as a dog, and get another girl. Would you like
  that puppy?" 
Megan growled deep in her throat, expressing her displeasure. Well, he had
  asked after all. Ryan chuckled and smacked her ass. 
"No growling at me, pup!" 
Megan glanced at Matt and Eric and saw that their eyes were transfixed on
  her. She strained against her leash towards them and wiggled her ass, wagging
  her imaginary tail. She licked her lips enticingly. She knew what Ryan wanted
  and expected from her, and she intended to make him proud of his property. 
Ryan nodded at them and Matt unzipped his jeans and moved towards her. He
  knelt down and ran his hands underneath her and pinched her breasts. She whimpered
  slightly and rubbed her ass against him. 
"Puppy is anxious, I see," Ryan chuckled. 
Matt squeezed her nipples and then pulled his cock from his jeans and indeed,
  it was large. He spread her ass cheeks apart. 
"Fuck man, look at the size of that asshole. What a whore, I bet you fuck
  that hole all day." 
Megan blushed furiously. 
"She likes it rough, so you don't have to be easy with her." 
Matt held his cock at her opening. At hearing that, Matt grabbed Megan's
  hips and rammed his cock into her gaping hole. Megan yelped at the sudden harsh
  entrance. Matt smacked her rump and began thrusting his cock deep into her
  ass. He leaned over her and grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her head back,
  holding her in place. With his other hand he mauled a breast. Eric unzipped
  his jeans and pulled his cock free, stroking it while he watched the sight. 
Matt pulled on her hair, pulling her back so that she was partially sitting
  on his cock and he was thrusting up into her ass. Eric stepped in front of
  her and stroked his cock in front of her mouth. Megan opened her mouth wide,
  inviting Eric to fuck her mouth. He rubbed his cock on her lips and she pulled
  his cock into her mouth and started to suck on it like a hungry whore. Matt
  reached around and started pinching both her nipples in time to his thrusts,
  she ground her ass onto his cock eagerly and just as eagerly sucked Eric's
  cock, lapping up and down the shaft with her tongue, expertly lashing the head
  with her tongue. Both men moaned and grunted as they used her holes. 
Ryan stood back, proudly watching his girl. 
Megan gagged on Eric's cock, having it shoved deeper in her throat by Matt
  as he thrust his cock up into her ass, each time forcing her to take Eric's
  cock deeper. Eric grabbed the sides of her hair and started fucking her throat
  harder, ramming it in deep enough that his long rod disappeared down her throat.
  Megan retched but took it in without vomiting, for she knew that would bring
  her a beating. Eric shuddered and started to cum at the same time Matt did.
  Both men filled her holes with cum. She had cum dripping down her chin and
  stringing from her asshole. 
Matt pushed her forward as Eric pulled from her mouth. Matt pulled out of
  her ass, now gaping open even more whorishly. Megan lay down on the ground
  panting. 
Matt moved around in front of her and knelt down, grabbing another 
handful of hair. 
"Did I say I was done with you? Now get up here and clean my cock." 
Megan got back up on all fours and took Matt's cock in her mouth and began
  to suckle it, cleaning it with her tongue. Matt marveled at how eagerly she
  sucked her ass juices from his cock. 
Eric moved behind Megan and held his cock at her cunt hole and shoved his
  already hardening cock into her fuckhole. Both men began to use her again,
  still not having had their fill of her. Matt gripped her hair as she worked
  his cock with her mouth, fucking his pisshole with the tip of her tongue. Eric
  shoved his cock deep into her cunt; ramming her hard enough she struggled to
  stay up. 
Ryan walked over to Matt and whispered something. 
 Matt pulled his cock from her mouth and stepped back, holding it towards
  her, but out of reach. As his cock began to soften, he let loose a stream of
  golden nectar in her face. Megan blanched but lapped at it obediently, knowing
  that's what Ryan wanted of her. He moved it and wet her hair and her breasts
  and her back. The warm stream began to steam in the cold. Eric pulled his cock
  from her cunt and jacked off on her back, spewing his cum over her. Megan whimpered
  loudly at being used as a piss and cum receptacle. 
Both men stood staring at her, their cocks still free. Ryan nodded at them,
  that it was enough. 
"Puppy, you're a mess. I was going to hose you off out here but the hose
  is frozen, so I'll have to clean you up inside." 
 At that, Ryan unfastened her leash from the tree and led her around the
  cabin to the back door. He led her straight to the shower and helped her in
  knowing her body was tired. Ryan removed the collar and leash and gave her
  a washcloth, towel and soap and left her to take a warm shower. 
Megan washed herself off and stayed in the hot shower until the hot water
  was gone. She got out just as Ryan came back in. 
He put her new collar back around her neck and attached her leash, but left
  off the puppy mittens and kneepads. He led her on all fours through the kitchen,
  and pointed at two stainless steel bowls, one filled with water. 
"Better get a drink now, this is your last chance before bed." 
Megan realized she was thirsty and lapped the water eagerly. 
"Come on, puppy, and I'll show you your bed for the night." 
Megan was crushed. She had hoped to share his bed. Ryan ushered her to a
  dog bed on the floor at the foot of his bed. He had at least put some blankets
  down for her. Megan knew better than to complain. She didn't want to end up
  back outside so she lay down on the bed and curled up. She hadn't realized
  how tired she was until she laid down. Ryan fastened her leash to the bedpost
  and tenderly covered her up. 
"What a good puppygirl you were tonight, I am so proud of you, baby." 
Megan basked in her owners praise and drifted off to sleep. 
Part 4 &ndash; The Reclaiming of Megan  
Megan awoke the next morning to the smell of breakfast cooking. Ryan was
  a good cook and enjoyed it when he had time. She stretched out and rose from
  her bed in the floor. She unfastened her leash and let the scent of the brewing
  coffee draw her into the kitchen. She smiled at seeing Ryan at the stove and
  went up behind him and wrapped her arms around him. 
"Morning, Love, did you sleep well?" 
At that moment a jolt of electricity went through her. She cried out and
  dropped to the floor in position, on all fours, as he shouted at her. Megan
  had forgotten about the shock collar. Ryan had not. 
 "Down, slut! What could have possibly made you think you could get up and
  come in here without permission? First, you unfastened your leash from the
  bedpost. Second, you walked upright, not on all fours like the dog cunt you
  are. Third, you speak improperly and inappropriately? 
Megan whimpered, upset at having angered her Master. 
"I had been going to let you use the bathroom inside since it's so cold,
  but apparently you still haven't learned your place." 
Ryan turned off the stove and put on his coat. He picked up her leash and
  headed for the door. She balked a bit at going outside in the cold until she
  felt a small jolt. Megan crawled behind Ryan as he led her to the same bathroom
  she used the night before. He fastened her leash to the tree and tossed a handful
  of leaves at her. 
"You have ten minutes to take care of business and I will be back out for
  you. I suggest you be done." 
With that, Ryan headed back into the house, and she started to cry. Megan
  was cold and miserable. She hated using the bathroom outside. This wasn't the
  weekend she had imagined, not at all. Megan wiped the tears from her face and
  realized the minutes were ticking away. She knew she had better stop with the
  pity party and get her business finished. Megan cleaned herself as best as
  she could and waited for Ryan to come back out. She sighed in relief as she
  saw him emerge from the cabin. 
"I have your breakfast ready, I hope you're hungry." 
Megan had to admit she was hungry, and trotted along beside Ryan into the
  cabin. 
Ryan led her into the warm kitchen and took his seat at the table. He pointed
  at the bowls in the floor, one with water and the other with scrambled eggs
  and bacon and bits of toast. She sighed inwardly. At least it wasn't Alpo. 
Megan ate heartily, knowing she likely wouldn't get much food today. She
  had trouble as the food kept falling out of her mouth and into the floor and
  the bowl kept moving away from her. Megan knew better than to leave any messes
  and licked it from the floor. As she crawled along trying to clean up bits
  of her breakfast, her chain leash was dragging the floor behind her. Suddenly,
  she felt wetness on her legs and looked behind her. The chain had caught on
  the water bowl and turned it over. Megan whimpered, knowing she was in trouble,
  and started trying to lick up all the water. 
Ryan looked around at hearing the metal bowl scrape against the floor accompanied
  by her whimpers. 
"Damn it, dog cunt! What a mess!" 
Ryan sighed and rose from his seat, picked up the bowl and set up on the
  counter. He grabbed some paper towels and mopped up the water. She waited for
  the jolt of electricity but none came. 
"Bad girl!" 
Ryan grabbed her collar and dragged her into the bathroom and pointed at
  the toilet. 
"Since you cant manage to drink out of your bowl, maybe you can manage to
  drink out of this bigger bowl." 
Megan looked up at him, eyes wide. 
"Go on dog cunt, drink from the toilet. That's what dogs do." 
Ryan grabbed her collar and lifted her up and forced her face down into the
  toilet. He brought his hand down over her ass, hitting her hard. Megan bucked
  up and yelped, trying to wrench away from him. Just then a jolt of electricity
  went through her body, the strongest one yet. She cried out and fell to the
  floor. Ryan dragged her back to the bedroom and opened the closet door and
  shoved her in. 
"When we get home, you will find a cage has been installed in our bedroom.
  For now, you will stay in the closet until you can behave." 
With that, Ryan slammed the closet door and she heard the lock turn. She
  listened as his footsteps faded away. 
Megan began to softly cry, she had acted like a child and disappointed and
  angered her Master. 
After what seemed like hours, but was in reality only thirty minutes, Megan
  heard Ryan's footsteps as he approached the closet. He opened the door; she
  looked up at him and squinted at the light. Ryan caressed her tear- stained
  face and led her out of the darkness. 
"Have you learned your lesson dog cunt? Next time you will beg to be locked
  away if you act like that. That behavior is unacceptable and you know it." 
Megan looked down in shame, tears spilling down her face. 
Ryan sighed and removed the long heavy chain leash. She looked tired and
  worn and it wasn't even lunch yet. He had plans for his slut and he didn't
  want her exhausted and upset. 
"I don't think you'll be needing this pup, it's snowing outside now so you
  won't be going out. I assume you will come immediately when I call you?" 
Megan barked, "ARF!" 
She waggled her ass and panted, trying to show him how grateful she was and
  that yes, she would obey. 
Ryan stroked her back and down her firm ass cheeks, trailing his fingertips
  over her ass and swollen cunt lips. Even with all this, the slut was ready
  to be fucked. Ryan went to the bed and got the puppy tail from his coat pocket. 
Ryan held out the plug to her lips and she automatically took it in her mouth
  and sucked, as that was the only lube she ever got. She turned and presented
  her ass. Ryan held the plug at her rosebud and began to work it in, fucking
  her ass slowly with it. Megan whimpered as he pushed it in a bit further with
  each thrust. He began to play with her cunt lips, stroking the slit before
  sliding two fingers into her wet hole, pumping her cunt as he fucked her ass
  with the plug. Megan arched her back, lifting her ass high and began humping
  the plug and Ryan's fingers. She began to shudder as a low growl emanated from
  her throat. 
"Don't you dare cum, dog cunt." 
Megan whimpered and lowered her chest to the floor, offering herself to him.
  Ryan gave a final push on the plug as she rubbed her nipples against the carpet.
  Her ass wantonly sucked in the plug with a slurp. 
"Wag your tail for me, dog cunt. Show me how proud you are of that tail." 
Megan wiggled her hips, shaking her tail. She strutted around in a small
  circle, showing off her new tail. 
Ryan smiled, "Good puppy." 
Ryan stood and looked at the wagging dog cunt and unzipped his jeans. He
  freed his cock from the material and stroked it. Megan watched him slowly bring
  it to its full size. A small whimper escaped from her lips. She sat up and
  held her hands up in a begging posture. 
"ARF! ARF! ARF!" 
Megan whimpered and begged like the pathetic slut she was. 
"Does puppy want a treat?" 
Megan panted, begging for her Masters cock. 
Ryan slipped his hand into her hair and wound a handful around his fist as
  he rubbed the head of his cock against her lips. Megan opened her mouth and
  slid her tongue out, barely lapping the head of his cock. He relaxed his grip
  and she began to lap and suckle her way up and down the shaft, the velvet skin
  tender against her lips. Megan cupped his balls and massaged them gently, rolling
  them between her fingers, as she ministered to his cock with her mouth. Megan
  moved her hand to his rigid shaft and stroked it as she began licking his balls.
  She suckled enthusiastically, moans vibrating against his balls as she sucked
  his orbs into her mouth one by one. She bathed them with her diligent tongue
  as she held each in her mouth, using gentle suction. Megan rubbed her face
  against his balls as she began to lap the underside of his hard erect cock.
  Moving her hand back to his balls she returned her attention to his stiff rod.
  Ryan moaned as she continued to slowly lap and lick and suck all over the shaft.
  Megan made sure that she never took the head in her mouth. She knew this drove
  him crazy. Ryan tightened his grip in her hair and growled. He grasped his
  cock, shoved it in her mouth and began to fuck her face. Megan purred from
  deep in her throat as he used her mouth for a fuckhole, knowing that he loved
  the sounds of her passion vibrating against his cock. Ryan forced his cock
  into her throat, causing her to gag at each thrust. Normally when she would
  wretch he backed off a bit. This time it seemed to spur him on as he fucked
  her face, driving it in that much harder. Megan grasped his hips as he used
  her mouth as a mere hole. Ryan grunted, letting his needs take over. She gasped
  for air and swallowed his cock as he thrust it deep in her throat. Megan used
  her throat muscles to squeeze the head of his cock, coaxing his seed to her
  mouth. She felt Ryan's legs stiffen and his back lock as he spewed his cum
  in her mouth. Megan drank thirstily from his cock, eagerly lapping up her gift
  from his cock and her chin where some errant cum had trickled. 
Ryan finally loosened his grip on her hair and sat in the recliner. Megan
  sat at his feet and quietly nuzzled his thigh as he stroked her hair. Ryan
  smiled down at her after having regained his composure. 
"Up, puppy it's time for lunch and I think you need a break." 
Ryan fixed Megan a cup of hot tea while he started lunch. She soon got up
  to help and they made lunch together. Megan got two place settings from the
  cabinet and started setting the table. Ryan watched her, amazed by the gift
  she gave him daily. She often spoke of how lucky she was. Ryan worried at times
  that he didn't tell her often enough how he thought he was the lucky one. 
Ryan moved to the table where she stood, took her in his arms and kissed
  her deeply. Megan purred into the kiss and responded by pressing her body into
  his. She wrapped her arms around him and slid her hands down his back, digging
  her nails in. Megan traced over his skin with her lips, and breathing hotly
  against his flesh, bit his shoulder sharply at the base of his neck. Ryan growled
  at the pain even as his cock hardened and he dug his hands into her ass cheeks.
  He moved a hand between her thighs and roughly fingered her cunt. She whimpered
  loudly and ground against his fingers. 
Megan whispered, " Please Master  ." 
Wordlessly, Ryan turned her around and pushed her over the kitchen table,
  dishes and all. He unzipped his jeans and shoved them down to his hips and
  kicked her feet apart. 
He wrapped his strong arm around her neck and pulled her back up and whispered
  against her ear, " I am going to fuck your ass now, Megan, and I
  am going to fuck it hard.  " 
With that Ryan pushed Megan back down onto the table, mashing her breasts
  into the plates and held his cock at the entrance of her ass. He thrust and
  buried his cock half way into her hole in one motion. Megan screamed at the
  savage entry. Ryan held his cock in her ass for just a moment, letting the
  pain register before he began fucking her. He rammed her ass with his cock,
  burying it deeper with each thrust, taking what was his. Megan cried out as
  he brutally raped her ass. 
Her well-trained body began to respond and her ass dilated, opening whorishly
  to accept him. Megan braced herself with her hands against the table and began
  to grind back into him, her ass gripping his cock. Ryan's cock was sliding
  in with more ease as her body accepted him and she groaned as the friction
  heated her body. Megan growled in pure carnal need and rammed back against
  him as ferally as he was fucking her. Ryan moved his hands to her thighs and
  lifted her, spreading her legs wider so that he could angle her hole in a different
  position. As he rutted her ass from this new angle, she screamed again in pain.
  She clawed at the table in her heat and hissed at him to make her bleed. Ryan
  pounded her ass violently, the pain and pleasure mixed together in a mass that
  neither could any longer discern. Ryan fucked her ass unmercifully, grunting
  in his own need. She tried to fuck back from the position she was in, but managed
  only to grind onto his rock hard member. Megan started to shiver. Her ass muscle
  clenched onto his cock involuntarily. She couldn't control this orgasm. Ryan
  felt her tremble as her ass clenched his cock. He hissed at her through gritted
  teeth to cum. Ryan gave a final hard thrust before his cum spewed into her
  whore ass. She felt his cum jet into her ass and they both came together in
  a mass of pain and pleasure and mingling juices. They slumped onto the table,
  unable to move and only semi aware of their surroundings. 
Ryan and Megan stumbled to a chair and sat, him pulling her into his lap.
  They both needed to catch their breath and gather their wits about them. 
Ryan recovered first, and rose from the chair still holding her and carried
  her to the bedroom. He gently laid her onto the bed and crawled in beside her
  after getting undressed the rest of the way. Megan immediately cuddled up to
  Ryan and he kissed her, holding her close until they both drifted off to sleep. 
Ryan awoke an hour later with Megan straddling his hips, massaging his back.
  He groaned as she tenderly worked over the muscles in his back and shoulders.
  He could feel the wetness between her thighs and smell her needy sex. He wondered
  if the day would come that she wouldn't be ready for him. He had seen no evidence
  of it yet. 
Ryan stretched out and relished her attentions, enjoying as she moved down,
  straddling his legs so she could massage his lower back. 
Ryan felt her hands on his ass cheeks and the stretch as she spread them.
  He started to turn around but hesitated when he felt Megan's hot breath at
  his hole. 
Ryan moaned and lifted his ass to her as she slid her tongue around the rim.
  Megan slid her tongue inside his most private hole, inhaling the earthy scent
  inside her flared nostrils. She darted her tongue in and out, fucking his ass.
  Megan buried her face between his ass cheeks and licked and slurped and tongue
  fucked her owner. Ryan shuddered as she slid two slender fingers in. 
Ryan pulled away suddenly and rolled over on his side, despite her whimpers
  of protest. He smiled at her desire to please him. This wasn't the time for
  that, as much as he wanted it. 
"Not now, baby, not now." 
Ryan rose and strode to the toy bag and selected the restraints he wanted.
  He returned to the bed and pointed. 
"Lay down, my slut, spread eagle." 
Megan immediately got into place and Ryan cuffed each wrist and tied it off
  to the king size headboard. He moved to the foot of the bed and repeated the
  same process, tying her cuffed ankles to the footboard and making sure she
  was stretched out. Ryan didn't want her to be able to move. 
Ryan moved over to the dresser and picked up a flannel pouch. Megan strained
  to see what was in the gray pouch as he removed it but only saw a glint of
  metal. As she saw the glint, Megan realized what Ryan had in his hand. Ryan
  turned toward her, his favorite knife in hand. Ryan loved knife play and she
  had the scars to prove it. 
Ryan crawled on the bed and straddled her hips. He held the knife to her
  neck and moved it down slowly, dragging the tip of the knife down and around
  her breast. Megan's nipples were at attention and her cunt was throbbing. Ryan
  wasn't alone in his love of knife play. To Megan this was one of the ultimate
  acts of trust and submission she could offer to him. 
Ryan moved the knife to the other side of her neck, the dull side still turned
  toward her skin, but she never knew when he would flip the knife and leave
  a small thin trail of blood. Megan felt the tip pressing evenly into her flesh,
  even if not breaking the skin. Ryan didn't make mistakes with the knife and
  on the occasions he had drawn blood, it was intentional. Megan would often
  have to fight off the orgasms as he broke her skin and would lap her blood
  and kiss her, giving her back her life force. 
Megan felt the knife trail across her breast towards her nipple. She moaned
  as Ryan pricked her skin outside her areola, her body trembling as she felt
  the sting and the warmth of the blood. Ryan leaned over her and lapped her
  breast, licking up the droplets of blood. Rather than kissing her, he opened
  his mouth letting her see the crimson stain on his tongue. Megan shuddered,
  trying to maintain control. 
Ryan moved the knife along her breast and began to press in against her skin,
  this time with the sharpened side. Megan whimpered as she felt the cut along
  her breast. The pain intensified and tears began to roll down her cheeks. She
  dared not look down. She felt a trail of warm sticky blood run down her chest
  towards her stomach. He had never cut her that much before, or in a place so
  obvious. Ryan wiped the blood on his fingers and held it to her lips. 
" Lick my fingers clean, whore  ", he whispered. 
Megan whimpered, but obeyed. She always obeyed in the end. 
Ryan moved the knife down her stomach, pressing in the dull edge. She quivered,
  as he got closer to her mound. He dragged the knife down to her wet swollen
  lips and pressed the tip into her cunt lip without breaking the skin. Ryan
  dragged the knife up over the tattoo of his name and her slave registration
  number that he had tattooed on her hip. She felt the shift of his hand and
  knew he had flipped the knife. Ryan pressed the knife into her flesh and watched
  as a thin trail of blood bubbled up. He lapped the blood as it oozed from her
  flesh, running his crimson stained tongue over her tattoo as well. Ryan leaned
  up and kissed Megan, giving her back her life's blood. 
He moved back down between her spread legs and traced the tip of the knife
  over the small scars on the inside of her thighs. Ryan nibbled her cunt lips
  and licked her thigh. He turned the knife again and pressed into her tender
  skin. She felt the cut as he dragged the knife parallel to the other cuts.
  There were a number of small cuts on the inside of her thigh, one for each
  time of knife play. 
It was the way he kept score, and she bore the scars proudly. 
Ryan put the knife aside and touched her cheek with his blood - stained hand.
  He kissed her lightly on the forehead before rising from the bed to remove
  the bindings from her wrists and ankles. Megan rubbed her wrists as he released
  the cuffs. Ryan checked the fine cuts and cleaned them with antiseptic. 
He lay down beside her on the bed and took her in his arms, and kissed her
  tenderly. They snuggled close and Megan sighed, knowing the weekend was coming
  to an end. 
"So babygirl, did the weekend rival the fantasy you described to me?" 
Megan smiled as she looked into his blue eyes. 
"Oh yes, Master, and more". 
"Happy Valentines, babygirl, I love you." 
"Happy Valentines, Master. I love you, too. It was the perfect Valentine's
  gift." 
By sweetcandyapple 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sweetcandyapple


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





