BDSM Library - The Twins




The Twins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One twin has the best lover in the world...so good, in fact, that he shares her with his twin brother. Tana was in her bedroom for a minute, and then she walked to the bathroom
  naked. Jaron just sat there, frozen. Why was she doing this?  
 The bathroom door opened, and Tana walked out, her hands over her breasts,
  yet everything else exposed. She went into his bathroom and retrieved a towel.  
 Jaron put his plate and mug on the nightstand, and he went to her. Tana
  froze, wearing the deer-in-headlights expression.  
 Jaron took one of her hands. &quot;Some back to bed,&quot; he told her.  
 She dropped the towel and followed him. He laid her down on her back, and
  he took his clothes off. He laid down on top of her and buried his face in
  her breasts. He ran his hands over body, wrapping her legs around him. He moved
  up to kiss her, meeting her mouth with his tongue. Just as Tana got into kissing
  him, he slit into the cavity between her legs. Tana gasped, and Jaron smiled
  in sheer male delight.  
 He thrust slowly, watching her face. She looked unsure, maybe a little scared.  
 He thrust harder, quickening his rhythem. He kissed her tongue, and he gently
  bit her top lip, then he licked her there.  
 &quot;Don't be scared. You know how I am,&quot; he breathed out. He bit
  down gently on her neck a few times. He accidenlty bit her too hard now, or
  so he thought.  
 But Tana arched her back some, throwing her head back and whimpered in pleasure.  
 Jaron raised his head and met her eyes. He hadn't known she got off on pain.
  A whole set of opportunities flashed through his mind. Oh, god, this brang
  the heat up antoher hundred degrees! This new discovery was exciting.  
 He pulled out and flipped her over, sitting her on her knees and hands.
  He held her hips firmly, and he shoved himself inside her womanhood. He grabbed
  her hair tightly, twisted, and pulled hard. He rammed her, going all the way
  inside her, as hard as he could.  
 She was crying out, a mixture of ripping pain and exotic pleasure.  
 With his other hand, he spanked her, their flesh meeting with a loud clap.
  He repeated this 6 times, so hard that his hand even stung afterwards. And
  she hunched over in an orgasm she'd never shown him before.  
 Jaron jerked her head back by her hair, and her back arched the way it should.  
He leaned on top of her back and reached underneather her. He grabbed her
  shoulders from her front side, and he pulled most of the way out. He fleed
  his arm muscles, and as he pulled her shoulders toward him, he rammed her harder
  than ever.  
 She screamed, almost blood-curdling. Jaron grinned. He loved this. Excpt
  he just had to work harder on holding off untilhe thought she was done.  
 He rammed her for an other five minutes, then he flipped her onto her back.
  He held her legs up by her ankles and sat on his knees. He shoved his cock
  inside her so hard her head hit the wal. He jammed in an out of her, as fast
  and as deep as he was able to...which was all the way inside.  
 Two hours later, Jaron went outside to the backyard after getting off the
  phone with his brother. &quot;Evan's going to stop by in 15 minutes. You might
  want to get dressed.&quot;  
 Tana turned around and leaned back against the rail of the backyard deck.
  She was still completely naked, and so was Jaron.  
 She opened her mouth to speak, but instead she looked to her left. She grinned
  her sexiest and winked. She held her arm out to Jaron, and he came to her.
  She set their wine glasses on the rail, and she pulled Jaron right up against
  her, wrapping her left leg around his waist.  
 &quot;We have an audience,&quot; she said. Jaron looked over and saw two
  teenage boys peering over the fence at them.  
 Jaron grinned at Tana. &quot;Oh I really shouldn't do this!&quot; He bent
  his knees under her, and he shoved his stiffness up inside her. Tana arched
  her back over the rail, and Jaron pumped her full of himself, thrusting as
  fast and as hard as he could, for it being spur-of-the-moment sex.  
 Jaron sucked and bit Tana's nipples. She let herself cry our loudly, exposing
  her breasts as they bounced with Jaron's thrusts.  
 Tana reached down and rubbed and pulled at her clitoris, crying out even
  louder. Jaron let himself vum inside her, he felt it spewing out in a gush.
  And thes she juiced, too. Her's was massive enough to curl her up into Jaron's
  arms.  
 She met his eyes, still trying to catch her breath. She had this submissive,
  sexy, &quot;take me now&quot; glare in her eyes.  
 &quot;I have to go get dressed. Please put clothes so i don't rape you in
  front of your brother.&quot; She grabbed her wine glass and she walked around
  him. As she barely passed him, Jaron swung his hand back and he spanked her
  loudly on the round of her ass.  
 When Tana walked out of the bathroom, after being in there for 10 minutes,
  both Jaron and Evan (who'd just arrived) grew erect.  
 Tana had touseled her hair with gel; put on a black bra under a see-through
  white shirt that was only zipped up to just under her breasts; she was wearing
  black thigh-high tights; she had on a black and red plaid pleated skirt which
  didn't even cover her ass. She wasn't wearing panties - this was visible from
  where the twins were standing. She had only put on a little bit of eyeliner,
  but with the way she was dressed, neither twin was looking at her face.  
 Tana froze as she walked out of the hallway, and her eyes flew to Evan's
  stiffness. She raised on eyebrow seductively, and she gazed into Evan's eyes.
  She looked from Jaron to Evan, grinning away as she knew they both wanted her.
  She smiled very sexy for them.  
 &quot;Evan, Jaron...&quot; their names rolled off her tongue breathlessly.
  She walked to the twins, swinging her hips dramatically from side to side.
  She took one hand from each twin, and she led them to the bedroom.  
 She sat them down on the edge of the bed, backing away only to slam the
  door shut, as if to trap them in there with her.  
 She brought her hand up to the zipper on her shirt, slowly pulling it down
  until the blouse was completely open. She shrugged it off her shoulders, letting
  it drop to the floor. Then she pushed her skirt off, doing this even slower
  than unzipping her shirt, and she made sure to keep her eyes on Evan the entire
  time, knowing how much the thought of cheating on his wife with a woman who
  looked like a PlayBoy Bunny thrilled him.  
 Jaron just sat in awe - Tana was going to take them both at the same time!  
 Tana walked to Evan, and she pulled his shirt up and off his solid chest.
  Evan just stared at her5, barely able to move at all...though only if you count
  breathing as moving, because otherwise, he was stunned.  
 She unzipped and unbottoned his jeans, and she tugged all his clothes off
  a bit roughly, throwing his pants and briefs on top of his shoes.  
 Tana was on her knees, now. She ran her hands up Evan's legs, and she opened
  her mouth widely. She deep-throated Evan's cock, tightening her lips around
  the base of it. She sucked hard, slowly at first, using her tongue in such
  a way that stole his breath. She sucked harder, her head moving back and forth,
  her hair sweeping over his inner thighs.  
 But she suddenly stopped. She used the tip of her tongue and lightly licked
  from the tip of his cock to the base, and she licked from there all the way
  up to his chest, to his neck, up his neck, landing at his lips. Blindly, Evan
  kissed her. He'd never wanted sex so badly. He tore her bra off, and he laid
  down on his back.  
 Evan lifted Tana's hips over his rock-hard edifice. Oh god! She was so tight
  around him! His wife couldn't even measure up to that. Tana rocked slowly,
  rhythematically, and Evan pushed himself as far as he could inside her, squeezing
  her ass cheeks, thrusting up into her hard as he could.  
 Jaron eyed her ass. If he couldn't have pussy, her ass would do just as
  well. He threw off his clothes quickly, and then he stood behind her. He waited
  until her ass was lifted, and he grabbed her hips, stopping her from rocking
  of Evan. Jaron put his tip to her anus, and he hesitated, knowing it would
  drive her crazy. Then he shoved his cock, and he could do it all the way through.  
 Tana gasped loudly, and Jaron grinned in satisfaction. He started thrusting,
  trying to keep his pace even with Evan's rhythem, but the faster Evan hammered
  inside of vagina, the faster Jaron went inside her ass. Jaron loved anal sex
  better than regular sex, he decided - he could every part of his massiveness
  inside her, pull out, and ramer her all over again.. And it made her scream.
  Hearing her like this, when she was in pain. It was energizing.  
 Evan never had better sex in his life! He wanted on top of her, though.
  He kicked Jaron back, and he flipped Tana over on to her back. Evan put her
  legs up on his shoujlders, and he rammed inside her. He was like a jackhammer;
  hearing the effects of his passion through his grunts and Tana's cries, through
  her orgasms that started to drench Evan's inner thighs...he felt like god.
  Tana was in the middle of an other orgasm, her cry now a scream, her fingernails
  breaking Evan's skin and they dragged down his outer thighs.  
 But Jaron couldn't just sit and watch - he had to have some. He pulled Evan
  off, and Jaron rammed her so hard that she almost hit her head on the wall
  each time. Evan sat over Tana face, shoving hick manhood down her throat. He
  thrust in and out of her tight lips, going as fast as her could until he finished
  on her tongue.  
 When the 3 of them were all too exaughsted to move anymore, the twins laid
  down with Tana between them  
 Tana looked at Evan's wedding ring, turning it and admiring it the plain
  gold band.  
 &quot;Is she hot?&quot; Tana asked Evan. He met her eyes.  
 &quot;Blonde, 5-4, blue eyes, c-ups, soft ass...why?&quot; Evan asked her.
  He pulled her right leg on his stomach and he rubbed it.  
 &quot;You should bring her over.&quot; Tana closed her eyes and touched
  her clitoris. &quot;And you guys can watch us.&quot;  
 The twins grinned at each other. Jaron laid on his side and put his cheek
  on her left breast. He reached down and played lightly with her g-spot.  
 &quot;If you fuck her, you have no choice if we watch,&quot; Jaron murmured.
  He clodes his eyes, moving his face to feel her breast move.  
 Tana moaned inpleasue, and she rubbed her clitoris harder and harder. Evan
  turned her face to his, and he licked her mouth. THeir tongues danced passionately,
  while her breath came in gasps, as groans escaped her throat.  
 After Tana lay satisfied, clutching Evan's hand tightly over his chest,
  Jaron kissed Tana's nipple lightly.  
 &quot;I need a beer.&quot; Jaron got up and left the room, leaving Evan
  alone with Tana the Seductress.  
 Evan kissed Tana's neck, and he rolled on top of her. He sucked and nipped
  at her breasts, biting her nipples to make her moan. He kissed down her abdomen,
  and he put his tongue to her clitoris. He sucked on it, licked it so it stayed
  wet, lashed his tongue all around. He gently bit her clitoris, and she shakily
  gasped for air. She tried to hold his head there, tried to keep him between
  her legs.  
 But Evan wanted to huck her again. He raised himself up, and he thrust into
  her cave of sex. Swearing on his life, Evan would divorce his wife to keep
  Tana in his bed forever.  
 Jaron walked back into the room. He stood in the doorway and drank his beer,
  watching his twin and his girlfriend fuck. He set his beer down and grabbed
  his video camera. And he filmed Evan and Tana having sex.  
 Evan would be the next to use the video camera. He was much better and more
  used to cameras, so Evan zoomed in and recorded the actual penetration of Jaron's
  cock into Tana's ass. Evan was even able to catch the throbbing of Jaron's
  cock as it pumped in and out of Tana.  
 After ten minutes of having her ass fucked, Tana pushed herself up, her
  back to Jaron's chest. She pulled and rubed her clitoris, fast, hard, pinching
  it and crying out in the pleasure of it all. She clenched up, arching her back,
  squeezing her ass cheeks together even tighter.  
 Jaron went limp everywhere, as he spewed inside her ass, more than he'd
  ever cummed before in his entire life. He held her to him by her vagina, as
  if it were a handle. He gave weak attempts to trust up again, and he aqueesed
  adn rubbed her clitoris.  
 Jaron fell asleep soon after that, so Evan and Tana went to the living room
  and had a beer together. They were still both naked.  
 Evan had positioned the video camera where it could capture the two of them
  being naughty.  
 Tana was lying on her tummy, her beer resting on floor half consumed. Evan
  came over and sat on her thighs and rubbed her back. He kissed up her spine
  and tenderly kissed her cheek.  
 &quot;How does one become the best lover in the world?&quot; He asked deep
  from his throat. He rubbed the sides of her breasts, lightly arching his hips
  on her ass.  
 She closed her eyes. &quot;Will you get the dagger on the wall of my room?&quot; She
  requested.  
 Evan kissed her shoulder. &quot;Yeah.&quot; He got off her and retireved
  the snake dagger that was displayed on her bedroom wall, and he brought it
  to her.  
 &quot;Cut me.&quot; She spoke.  
 Evan just stared at her. She looked up at him. &quot;Just a bit. Just enough
  to bleed. Please? You can write your name,&quot; she bribed.  
 &quot;Where?&quot; He asked.  
 &quot;My back.&quot; She flatened her shoulders so her back was easier to
  carve into.  
 &quot;I can really write my name?&quot; Evan sat on her thighs again.  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; She closed her eyes again.  
 So Evan pressed the tip of the blade into the flesh of her lower back, pressing
  the blade deep enough to make a drop of blood seep up to her outer skin. He
  dragged the blade down about two inches long. And he carved his name in her
  back.  
 She was breathing heavy and loud. Her expression on her face told Evan that
  she was getting off on being cut.  
 Evan lifted the blade from her skin when he was done. &quot;It says 'Evan',&quot; he
  told her.  
 &quot;Do you have a middle name?&quot; She breathed, looking relieved, like
  she'd just had awesome sex.  
 &quot;Mitchell,&quot; he said.  
 She breathed shakily. &quot;Please?&quot; She begged, as if in acticipation
  of the pain.  
 So Evan this time carved his long middle name into her pale flesh, parallel
  to his first name.  
 When he was done, he set the dagger on the floor by her beer bottle. He
  got up and sat in front of her face, his legs open. His hard, elongated cock
  was right in front of her eyes.  
 She looked at his massive member, lightly trailing her lips and tongue over
  his tip.  
 &quot;Suck me,&quot; he told her. Tana obeyed immediately, stretching her
  lips over his stiffness and then tightening her mouth around his cock to just
  perfect.  
 Evan grabbed the back of her head and deep-throated her again, penetrating
  the back of her mouth quick and hard.  
 But he wanted to finsih off in her pussy. He pushed her up and pulled her
  over onto his lap. He held her back roughly, pulling on the skin he'd just
  sliced.  
 He thrust into her hard, like a rock bouncing down a hill - fast, jerky,
  uncontrollable. She did her part incredibly by rocking and pulling to his rhythem,
  and she obviously loved every second of it. She had big orgasm after big orgasm,
  her sexual fluids gushing out onto Evan's lap. Her breasts bounced fast, as
  if she was jumping up and down really fast, which was enough for Evan to keep
  fucking as long as he wanted.  
 Tana's fingernails were scratching deep enough to sting on his upper back,
  which meant she'd cut through his own flesh...they'd both shed blood for each
  other that day, and in the most erotic way possible.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Roave Somagi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





