BDSM Library - My Friend Becomes My Mistress




My Friend Becomes My Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Girls Best Friend Becomes Her Mistress And Kept Her As Her Dirty Slave."MY FRIEND BECOMES MY MISTRESS"  
Sonali is my friend over three years. I (Pooja) and Sonali are in third year
  in Degree College.  
She is my best friend but now she is dominating me and keeps me as her Slave.
  I do all her class work and personal works like washing her cloths and making
  food. She has a large circle of friends.  
It's all started when we were in second year of college. One day she saw
  me doing sex with one of my boy friend Vishal. But she didn't tell me any thing
  at that time. One day she told me about my sexlife with Vishal. I refuse it,
  but she shows me some photographs of me and Vishal doing sex. She said me that
  she would show all my photographs to my parents. I told her do not show photos
  to my parents and please return to me." &quot;What I get in return? ", she
  ask me. "Any thing u wish", I replied. She told me to come at her place in
  the evening. I went to her place in the evening. she opens her computer and
  shows some bdsm pics and stories." you want, I do not show your pics to your
  parents then you become my slave and obey all my commands for your rest of
  life", she said.  
I was shocked and I kept silence at that movement."Ok, then I show photos
  to your parents", she said to me. "You blackmail me?" I angrily asked her.  
She said, "you are right my dear."  
 "oh! Please don't do like this, I'm your friend." I said.  
"That's why I becomes u my pet slave" she said me and laughed.  
"Oh! ", "ok, give me some time to think"  
"ok", she said. Then I came back to home.  
Next day she had phoned.  
"Hello my pet.&quot;  
"Hello Sonali."  
"What u thinks then?"  
"Please Sonali please don't act like that".  
"Are u ready or not? Don't tell me anything other".  
"Say yes or be ready to face your parents".  
"I'm ready Sonali."  
"Ok, then come to my home immediately" and she disconnect the phone.  
I feel so tensed and I reached to her place. She welcomes Me." so u r ready
  to become my slave girl", she said. I nodded her "yes."  
"Now u r my slave girl," she said, "u have to obey all my instructions and
  some rules and disciplines." "Now whenever we are alone u strips all your cloths", &quot;You
  should call me Mistress shouldn't you?&quot; It felt like I had some control
  on u."She said.  
&quot;Yes Mistress&quot; I whispered.  
"One more thing, u never cum without my permission. Is it oks my slut", she
  said.  
"Yes Sonali".  
"Don't tell my name ", she angrily told me "otherwise u get punishment."  
&quot;Yes Mistress&quot; I whispered.  
"Good my slutygirl, who r u?" she asked me.  
"I'm your slut, mistress", I answered.  
Then she told me to undress my self. I took my cloths off. then she looked
  my body and said," Wow u have a sexy body but now it's become mine, ok u understand
  my slut".  
"Yes mistress."  
"You are the slut to please me; u should obey me whenever and whatever I
  tell u".  
"Yes mistress"  
"Ok now from u do my homework and completes my journals".  
"U does all my personal works."  
 Then I wear cloths and we reached college. In interval Sonali order me to
  come in a ladies room in college. We went in the ladies room .Sonali order,"remove
  your panty. "Oh no mistress please not here girls see us", I pleaded her. but
  she not grantated my request and said,"Oh my slut I want you becomes the exhibitionist
  slut so u remove your panty and keep it on table so that girls may see your
  panty". I again pleaded her but no profit. Now she becomes angry.I scared and
  standup, closed my eyes and down my panty and kept it on the table. But till
  girls were gone out from the room except Radhika. Radhika is one of my enemy.
  she always trying to got chance to heart me. She came near us and said taunt
  fully "I think here's something is going wrong, may I right Pooja. "I replied "no
  nothing is going wrong here and if something then it's none of your business." "Then
  what's your panty doing on this table?"she asks me. I want to tell something
  but Sonali stopped me." Oh shut up Pooja.","yes here is going something wrong,Pooja
  is my slut.what u want then?"Sonali said to Radhika."Oh really Pooja is your
  slut, how nice it is!" she said laughingly.  
"yes if u want to see something then I will invite u to my place at proper
  time ok","Pooja, now u may go to your class." she said to both of us. I stand
  up and went to my classroom.  
After college we went to sonalis house.  
"Pooja u wash all my cloths and make food for me, hey only for me not for
  u, ok u understand" she order me." yes mistress ", I answered. Then she went
  in bathroom for toilet and when she came she slapped me on my cheeks. "Why
  u are not removing your cloths? I told you that when ever we are alone u take
  off your cloths" she angrily asks me."Oh sorry mistress " and I removed my
  cloths.  
"Mistress may I have go to bathroom " I asked Sonali. She replied," no bitch
  u don't pee in my bathroom it's for me not for slut like you.", "I show you
  a place for pee " and she walked outside her houses back. She shows me the
  place where I had to pee."One more thing u never pee by seating, you always
  pee by standing, ok u understands" she said."Yes mistress" I answered her .I
  felt so humiliating this task because I scattered some one saw me nude. but
  I didn't had any option and I pee there in standing position.sonali watching
  me while I was pee.she had smile on her face that she became me as her private
  slut.now we went into the home and I washing her cloths and prepared food for
  her. At that time she was taking rest for humiliating me more. After compilation
  of my work she gave me a tight short and t-shirt to wear. We went to market
  where she purchased some dogs food and we return to home. I feel hungry cos
  I didn't eat from morning. I ask her" mistress may I eat something?" " how
  can u eat now? I will give u your food at proper time "she replied. After reaching
  home I become nude and waiting for her order.  
She told, "don't loose any single drop of my pee you bathroom slut, drink
  all my pee ha ha ha." I drink all her pee .I feel omitting sensation. But I
  had drunk it. The pee which was flow on the floor was licked by me. The cramps
  become more Sevier in my stomch.she then brought me in her garden and remove
  my plug .i had release from enema in the open ground. Then we come in again
  in her bed room and then she took a cock and attached to herself with the help
  of belt. She adjusts my thighs and kept the cock tip on my pussylips. She fucked
  my pussy .oh god she fuck me so hard&hellip;thrice in both my pussy and asshole. "This
  ends first session but not the last my dear friend Pooja darling."; "this is
  just beginning ".and she laughs loudly.  
I came back to home after a long tired session .I directly entered in my
  room and slept for some time. My mom came in my room and wakes me. She told
  me that she and my father would go for marriage of our relatives for fifteen
  days so I would stay with Sonali. I feared hearing this. I don't want to stay
  with Sonali for such long time but I couldn't tell any thing to my mom. I smile
  and said,"ok mom".and she left from room. I got fresh .The phone was ringing
  I pickup the reciver."Hello"I said.  
"Hello my doll" its Sonali's voice. I replied,"hello mistress".  
She told me to come immediately to her home. I reached her home. After reaching
  her home first thing I did was I become nude and lock the door. I make a coffee
  for her and took it to her room. I wake up her and gave her coffee washed all
  her cloths and made a breakfast for her. Now she want to do piss.she told me
  bitch come here and drink all my piss.i went and open my mouth for drink her
  piss.  
She did piss in my mouth and I drunk all her piss.i felt so bad that I had
  a slut of my own friend. I told her that my parents went for marriage for 15
  days so I had alone in my home. She told me to stay with her in her house.
  I finished all her works and college homework and we were ready for college.  
We reached college .Radhika was waiting for us and as soon as she saw us
  came closer to us said,"Hello Sonali ,you are great and I like your last night
  fun on internet."." this bitch is deserve this" I felt so humiliated and insulted..Sonali
  invite her for more fun at her place at evening.  
After college we (me,sonali and Radhika ) reached Sonali house. Sonali order
  me to become nude but Radhika told Sonali that she wants to nude me .then Radhika
  become nude me with her hand.  
I made food for them and serve them. They eat but I was hungry.  
Radhika and Sonali went to market and purchased some things. When they return
  put collar to my neck and cuffs to my wrist and ankles. They lay me on a table
  and tied me .then they filled my anus with water and empty times. At last ninth
  times they filled my anus with a hot water and put a metal butt plug.radhika
  took a long tube and insert it in my noses. The tube reached to my stomach
  through my throat.sonali took an injection and suck the food from my stomach.
  I felt stomach pain and I shouted but I couldn't do anything. I just cry and
  shouted. Sonali connect an electric connection to my butt plug through a machine
  .they laugh seeing me in this position.they kept me alone in this position
  full night.  
The full night I was crying due to pain in my stomach and throat.  
Next day in the morning they came and free me from the table but the tube
  was not removed . They remove butt plug. They" go backside of house and remove
  water from your dirty ass"ordered Sonali. I went backside and remove water
  from my ass .I felt relief but I felt myself humiliated. After removing water
  from my ass I came inside and prepared breakfast for them. I cleaned whole
  house and wash cloths. Then I made a lunch for them.  
Once again they tide me on a table and inject the drug inside my body through
  an injection. They both went to college and return in the evening till that
  they kept me tide on a table.  
In the evening they came and remove me from the table and order me to prepared
  dinner for them. I made dinner for them .they kept me hungry second day also.  
The second night they tide me to ceiling through chain. They put a gag in
  my mouth.radhika insert niddles in my both ass cheeks. I felt too much pain
  in my ass cheeks but I only cry .tears came out from my eyes.sonali puts nipple
  clamps on my both nipples and she add weights to it so that I felt more pain
  in my nipples. Then Sonali stretched my legs and kept apart them as possible
  as. Then radhika attached clamps to my pussy lips and add a weight to it. Then
  they both wear the leather cloths .radhika and Sonali took candles and light
  them. They came closed to me and drop hot wax drops on my nipples. I felt more
  humiliated and tears flowing from my eyes. I want to shout but I didn't do
  due to mouthgag.the full night they both fuck my ass and pussy.they whips my
  body. They byte my nipples and suck them. They pee on my body. At last they
  both drunk me their pee and kept me hanging from ceiling and they slept.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slut pooja


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





