BDSM Library - JoAnna Smith - Seaman Apprentice




JoAnna Smith - Seaman Apprentice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A disastrous date with a devious Domme, followed by a quirk of fate, gives joanne smith, 34, of Philadelphia, her first pleasure cruise to Nassau -- and her introduction to loving bondage at the hands of her very capable Dom.JOANNA SMITH &ndash; SEAMAN APPRENTICE   
By Sailor 861   
JoAnna Smith, 34, looked out her living room window with &quot;harley and
  davie,&quot; her very chatty parakeets, at the sheets of rain pelting down
  on a grey, muggy mid-September Sunday morning in downtown Philadelphia and
  glumly summed up the year in five words: fate, discovery, incident, interlude,
  introspection.  
Her shoulders, breasts and sex still ached from a B and D session gone terribly
  wrong a month ago. But she was slowly recuperating, her mind drifting back
  now and then to a more pleasant late-summer interlude with someone she had
  really cared for, as she tried to ease the present pain out of her body and
  mind.  
Fate had drawn submissive JoAnna purely by accident to William, a guy she
  met in the bdsmlibrary chatroom, and she soon found herself caught up in a
  tornado of emotions as the two of them struggled to come to terms with a Ds
  relationship they could live with. Although JoAnna was quietly pleased with
  her serendipitous discovery of a man, somewhat older than her, who cared for
  her deeply in the special way she wanted, she was a little unsure of herself
  as she gave more and more of herself to the ex-navy guy she barely knew.  
Finally, she did agree to meet William in New York City to attend La
      Boheme  at the Metropolitan Opera at Lincoln Center and she
      reluctantly found herself falling in love with her quiet, handsome lover.
      His quiet strength, his soothing words of comfort, his presence set JoAnna's
      heart aflame and she began to realize intuitively she would belong to this
      man somehow, some way.  
After her memorable weekend affair she had returned home, recharged, renewed
  and restored, ready to rejoin the human race as a happy, joyous, free and sexy
  woman.  
Then, she had to wait weeks until she heard from him again but they were
  reunited joyously at his house near the Atlantic Ocean in North Carolina and
  became fast lovers once again.  
William had excelled, she thought, in treating her as a lady and as his submissive
  in the days and weeks leading up to the big trip to New York City to see the
  opera La Boheme  and she was reluctant to leave him that
  sad, last day at JFK airport to fly alone back to Philadelphia. Their subsequent
  reunion in rural North Carolina was just as tender and loving as their time
  in New York and she had to leave him, yet again, wondering where her relationship
  with him was destined to end.  
Seated alone and lonely on the little commuter jet heading back to Philadelphia
  International Airport, she wistfully wished her weekend could have been a week,
  or two, William having treated her so gently, so kindly, so lovingly &ndash; and
  in that subtle, dominant way she craved.  
Memories of her satisfying lovemaking with chained ankles, the sites of the
  big, modern port city of Halifax and the quiet, romantic moments they had spent
  together &ndash; even the extraordinarily beautiful opera that held her in
  thrall that first, long weekend in New York City -- would stay with her for
  a lifetime.  
But fate would intrude and disrupt JoAnna's life in a way she had never thought
  possible.  
JoAnna didn't hear from William as often as she would have liked and only
  after he contacted her weeks later did she learn he had to be treated surgically
  for an old, service-related shoulder injury that left him unable to type any
  longer than a minute at a time. He was in too much pain, he had emailed, to
  phone and JoAnna was heartbroken her lover had had to suffer without her knowing.  
They continued to write, less frequently, but JoAnna could still detect William's
  passion for her and their mutual interest in and exploration of her submissive
  side. She fostered hopes they would once again be reunited, somehow, somewhere,
  but only time would tell.  
While William was convalescing, at home in North Carolina, the season change
  and school openings had JoAnna scampering to keep up with the never-ending
  customers in the busy children's clothing store she worked at.  
Once the surge peaked and died down, JoAnna's life began to return to its
  normal workaday routine and she was just as lonely as before without William.
  Her sister and her mum called on her from time to time but it just wasn't the
  same.  
&quot;Now, at last, I can spend a little time writing about that subject
  I have wanted to explore for a long time,&quot; JoAnna told Harley, as she
  turned to look at her birdcage and the chirpy inmates. &quot; The
  Submissive Female and her Needs  -- for fun, pleasure and, quite
  possibly, profit &ndash; and to show those at bdsmlibrary, and Sailor861, her
  true thoughts about how women really  think and feel about
  being bound for sex &ndash; or just plain bound.  
Her only regret, as she sat facing the blank opaque screen, was that William
  was not writing her as often as she would have liked: his short and longer
  chats with her were always exciting and she looked forward to seeing his friendly,
  chatty greetings on MSN and emails that set her heart a-throb.  
Reading his sexy, little stories he had begun to sent her so regularly, she
  was able to relate more closely to his fictitious heroines, even though she
  knew he struggled with the female voice, the female experience and the female
  point of view; although, she had to admit, grudgingly, he did a pretty good
  job &ndash; for a man &ndash; in presenting the woman's perspective, or &quot;gestalt,&quot; in
  his works.  
Next door, her gay, but zany neighbours, Kyle Martin, 36, and Mike (Michelle)
  Nicols, 31, JoAnna's longtime confidantes, were always fun to be around &ndash; morning,
  noon or night. Infrequently, they spoke about bondage and JoAnna tried to poke,
  plumb and cajole them to reveal to her their hidden secrets but they craftily
  steered their conversations onto other things, such as her  bondage
  experiences, which interested them even more.  
Mike, a good-looking, young man in his usual male attire, loved to cross-dress
  convincingly and role-play the part as Kyle's &quot;wife&quot; and, JoAnna
  thought, he did a fairly creditable job when they came over to her house several
  times as a happy man and &quot;wife.&quot;  
JoAnna always poked fun at the younger Mike, asking if (s)he had any plans
  to bear children.  
&quot;We're trying, JoAnna., we're trying,&quot; he would reply lightly. &quot;But
  the pregnancy tests always keep coming back negative. So we try some more.
  I dunno what we're doing wrong, JoAnna. Can you help?&quot;  
&quot;Er, I don't think so, Mike; uh, 'Michelle;' maybe you should see an
  ob-gyn? Or maybe a psychiatrist?&quot;  
Gales of laughter would rock JoAnna's tidy, little kitchen when &quot;Michelle&quot; and
  her man would come over to show JoAnna Mike's new, feminine spring apparel
  and the new pair of stick-on silicone boobs that swayed so convincingly under
  his sports shirts.  
JoAnna always enjoyed their company and they always left her laughing until
  tears rolled down her face as they shared a few beers and played poker til
  the wee hours.  
Finally, one day in mid-July, JoAnna confronted &quot;Michelle&quot; in the
  backyard while (s)he was hanging out the laundry, which included a long line
  of female garments, and said: &quot;Mitch, I need your assistance.&quot;  
&quot;Sure, anything you say, cin.,&quot; he said in his baritone voice,
  showing her his brand-new silicone boobs that poked through his light turquoise
  T-shirt.  
&quot;Nice, eh? They're 38Cs.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, very nice,&quot; JoAnna replied. &quot;Now listen. Can you introduce
  me to a Dom? A respectable, intelligent Dom or Domme, who I can interview for
  a piece I am doing on female/female bondage for a couple of internet sites?&quot;  
&quot;Sure, girlfriend,&quot; Mike chirped, &quot;shouldn't be any problem
  at all. Let me check it out with Kyle and I'll get back to ya.&quot;  
&quot;Great,&quot; JoAnna said. &quot;Gimme call as soon as you can.&quot;  
&quot;Wilco.&quot;  
&quot;And by the way, Mikey, er, Michelle, you look lovely this morning.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you, JoAnna; you too.&quot;  
Days later, the two men came over, Michelle dressed to the nines, and gave
  her the news.  
&quot;JoAnna, we have located one for you and she has considerable experience
  in the underground B and D scene in the 'Big Apple',&quot; Mike told her, sipping
  one of her beers. They gave JoAnna the place, time and date and told her they
  would go with her to make sure she found the right one and that she would be
  safe.  
JoAnna was quietly grateful for the help these two amusing, gay young men
  gave her but had no idea how this planned encounter would turn so sour, so
  brutal, so hurtful, so quickly.  
JoAnna was no stranger to safe, sane and consensual sex-in-bondage, at the
  hands of her capable online lover, William, and felt she was equal to the challenge.
  But she was going to be mismatched, a decision she would regret for months
  to come.  
On a Friday night, JoAnna dressed braless, as did Mike ('Michelle'), in tight,
  black T-shirt, leather slacks and Doc Maartens boots to make a striking, first
  impression on one Ms. Wendy MacPeak, 35, of Brooklyn, aka 'Black-Eyed Susan,'
  or 'Witch of the Underworld', a 5-10, 160-pound, curvaceously muscular Domme
  with 17 years of experience in bondage and discipline.  
&quot;Michelle,&quot; dressed quite convincingly as a 38C-27-38 woman in
  T-shirt and jeans, while Kyle, similarly attired, but clearly a handsome, young
  man, escorted JoAnna to the basement bar in a rundown tenement building in
  the outskirts of Philadelphia.  
Entering, JoAnna looked around carefully at the sea of weird and wonderful
  characters who surrounded her and piled up at the bar for drinks and drugs.  
Leaning against a concrete pillar, JoAnna looked and listened as the gay
  and hetero crowd mixed and matched everywhere.  
Then, &quot;You must be JoAnna ,&quot; an assertive female voice said on
  JoAnna 's right as Kyle and &quot;Michelle&quot; made a beeline for the bar,
  Mikey's curvy feminine form attracting stares and whistles from gay and straight
  women and men alike.  
&quot;Yes, and you must be Wendy?&quot; JoAnna replied. Wendy nodded, showed
  her to a small table for two in a relatively quiet corner of the popular B
  and D club and asked what was on her mind.  
JoAnna had no problem outlining her plan for a writing project to describe
  female-on-female bondage and informed she had chosen her, a well-known Domme
  with a reputation as an 'Ice Queen,' to help her research her story firsthand.  
JoAnna politely explained she would like to be the subject (sub) and the
  'Witch of the Underworld' would be her instructor; she respectfully requested
  to be allowed to take notes, take a few discreet pictures and tape comments
  before and after her three sessions with The Witch.  
Wendy nodded silently in agreement and the two women agreed to a time and
  place for their encounter. It all sounded innocuous enough, in theory; the
  reality proved to be painful beyond words for JoAnna .  
What was to follow was not on the script as far as JoAnna was concerned and
  it would turn her off Dommes for the rest of her life. She would reach out
  to William, her calm, quiet, logical friend in Eastern Canada, but she had
  miles to travel before that would happen.  
JoAnna and Wendy discussed in more detail exactly what it was that JoAnna
  was after &ndash; some safe, sane, consensual bondage that she would record
  in a diary and comment on at a later date -- then seek her Domme's comment
  and opinion on JoAnna 's reactions and submissiveness.  
The two women agreed they would respect each other's limits and JoAnna thanked
  her politely. Wendy disappeared into the crowd and JoAnna headed to the bar
  to locate 'Michelle' and Kyle, not realizing she had just made a pact with
  a cocaine-addled sociopath who was bent on inflicting as much discomfort on
  any willing, or unwilling, female sub who fell into her clutches.  
Wendy MacPeak, of Paterson, New Jersey; San Diego, California, and many other
  cities between, had already done five years in the Bedford Hills maximum-security
  facility for women on assault, aggravated assault and rape convictions but
  JoAnna had no way of knowing.  
JoAnna even made the big mistake of offering her a $100 advance, so assured
  and confident was she that she was in league with an honorable woman.  
Neither &quot;Black-Eyed Susan&quot; nor the &quot;Wicked Witch of the Underworld&quot; was
  registered with the Philadelphia Better Business Bureau and JoAnna was, innocently,
  in over her head as events in 10 days would soon reveal.  
JoAnna would be bound, all right, but the further treatments she would receive
  from this cold, uncaring woman with the bodybuilder's frame and icy, shark-like
  eyes, would scar her sexuality -- and frighten her away from bondage &ndash; for
  a long time. Until she was reunited with her &quot;Sailor.&quot;  
On the appointed day, JoAnna, nervous as a schoolgirl, drove to the cheap,
  little motel on the outskirts of grubby Newark, New Jersey, parked and knocked
  on door no. 8.  
It swung open on her second rap and JoAnna walked in, seeing big, buxom Wendy
  MacPeak sitting in an armchair, arms folded and legs crossed, dangling a pair
  of handcuffs and ankle chains from her fingers.  
&quot;Come in, my dear JoAnna , come in,&quot; said the woman, with a voice
  that made JoAnna think instantly of a she-wolf in sheep's clothing. &quot;You
  are exactly one minute and 43 seconds late. Strip now and prepare yourself.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; JoAnna whispered, her heart in her throat, as
  she slipped out of her slacks, blouse and sweater to present her nudity to
  the woman who would take charge of her for the next two hours.  
&quot;Lock these on and kneel in front of me.&quot;  
JoAnna did so, feeling the cool steel once again on her wrists and ankles,
  but the sensations were clammy, fearful and intimidating; not at all like those
  she felt while she was with William. She instantly missed his warm, calm, reassuring
  touch.  
&quot;You have only three choices, slave,&quot; the Domme intoned seriously. &quot;Ball
  gag, ring gag or cock gag. Which do you choose?&quot;  
JoAnna thought. &quot;Ohmigod, how will I signal my safe word if I am gagged?
  What can I do if things get out of hand? Oh, golly, I just don't know.  
&quot;I'm waiting, JoAnna!!&quot; the Domme shouted, startling JoAnna with
  the menacing tone.  
&quot;Oh, gosh, I, ummm; I'll take the cock gag,&quot; JoAnna blurted, realizing
  right away she had made the wrong choice.  
&quot;Good choice, very good. Induces submissiveness almost right away.&quot;  
The Witch reached down into her flight bag and withdrew a small tangle of
  black leather straps, rings, buckles and an enormous, hard-rubber phallus JoAnna
  knew right away would not fit into her mouth.  
&quot;Open very wide, hold your breath and think of your boyfriend,&quot; the
  Domme said with a small chuckle.  
JoAnna opened her mouth as wide as she could and felt Wendy slide the big
  intruder slowly, deeply, into the farthest recesses of her mouth, nearly choking
  her.  
&quot; Gaaack, ah can kaffff  ,&quot; JoAnna gasped,
  as The Witch tapped the base of her gag to ensure it was in to the fullest.  
&quot;Bite down and try to relax your jaw muscles; I don't want you gagging
  and spitting up now,&quot; Wendy said, as she arranged the straps under JoAnna
  's chin, over her face, across the top of her head and to the back of her neck
  where the whole ensemble locked.  
A small snick  at the back of JoAnna 's neck told her
  she had been head-harnessed securely and could not escape without at least
  five keys: one for each of the three locks on her harness gag and one each
  for her handcuffs and leg chains.  
&quot;Now, you may sit there, on the bed, and make your notes,&quot; The
  Witch said, looking boredly at JoAnna as she struggled to her feet, nearly
  tripping over her ankle chains.  
Wendy tossed two evil-looking nipple clamps on the bed beside JoAnna and
  ordered her to clamp herself.  
Madine looked at the pair of butterfly clamps and shuddered. They were not
  at all like her own. These were heavy, serrated, painful-looking objects. She
  shuddered.  
&quot;Thirty seconds, JoAnna,&quot; Wendy said darkly.  
JoAnna reached down with her cuffed hands, picked one up, opened the jaws,
  slipped it down to the base of her lift nipple, clenched her teeth and slowly
  let go of the clamp.  
The little teeth bit hard into JoAnna 's erect nipple and she winced, bravely
  trying not t betray her discomfort or fear.  
A moment later, her right nipple was pinched and JoAnna remembered to try
  to exhale  
to expiate the flaming, little aches at her breasts.  
This encounter was most definitely not going according to JoAnna 's plan
  butshe complied anyway. Her nipple clamps joggling about, she hastily jotted
  down a few preliminary thoughts about her entry into bondage with this so-far
  unpleasant woman.  
&quot;Have you been flogged before, slave?&quot; The Witch asked gruffly,
  standing to pick up a long, springy cane.  
&quot; Mrrrffffnnnn  ,&quot; JoAnna gasped, shaking
  her head no, setting up a small clatter of the three locks on her harness and
  setting her nipples afire again.  
&quot;No?&quot; said Wendy. &quot;Then prepare yourself. Three strokes on
  your sex, followed by four on your backside, five light ones on each breast
  and three across each shoulder.  
&quot;Present!!&quot;  
JoAnna was stunned. This was not in the agreement at all and she was chained
  and gagged in such a way that escape was virtually impossible.  
Tears started at JoAnna 's eyes and she shook her head, pleadingly, no.  
'Ohmigod, someone help me, please,' JoAnna thought, panic rising in her throat
  as the room began to swim in her first anxiety attack in years.  
&quot; Mmmmnnnnuuh  ,&quot; JoAnna wheezed, trying to
  get more air into her lungs. She stood up, staggered and took three quick steps
  toward the door to run out, utterly panicked, but Wendy, fast, strong and agile,
  got there well before JoAnna .  
&quot;JoAnna , we can do this the hard way or my way. Which will it be?&quot; as
  she clutched JoAnna 's arm tightly.  
&quot;Now, bend over the bed and begin to receive your strokes; take a deep
  breath and exhale, it's easier that way, and count each stroke aloud. Go.&quot;  
JoAnna was frightened to death: bondage, for her, had always meant a gentle,
  loving touch, soothing words in a romantic atmosphere, such as that she had
  enjoyed so very much with William in New York City, and in Dartmouth, NS, not
  long ago. This was the antithesis to her definition of sex and romance in bonds.  
JoAnna wept quietly, cursing herself for allowing this to happen.  
She stood, facing the bed and Wendy roughly pushed her face-down, spreading
  her legs at the foot of the bed where she secured her ankle chains with ties
  to the bed legs  
Next, her handcuffs were bound to the head of the bed and JoAnna was exposed,
  helpless and terrified.  
&quot;One,&quot; The Witch called.  
Fwhack  ,&quot; and a red ribbon of hot pain lashed
  across JoAnna 's buttocks.  
&quot;Two.&quot;  
Thwack  ,&quot; another blow just above.  
&quot;Three.&quot; another lash, just below the second.  
&quot; Mnnnnn  ,&quot; JoAnna wailed, shaking her head
  helplessly.  
&quot;Safe word?&quot;  
&quot; Sllllrrrr  ,&quot; (sailor) JoAnna slurred around
  her gag.  
&quot; I do not understand you, JoAnna,&quot; came the amused reply.  
&quot; Thwack  ,&quot; and JoAnna 's backside burst
  into flame.  
The other, fortunately lighter strokes on her sex, her breasts and her shoulders
  enraged JoAnna and she thought she was going to pass out. But she would not
  give in.  
She now despised this woman with passion and would resist passively.  
The psychopathic Domme smiled coldly at JoAnna 's trembling body and thought
  to herself: &quot;another satisfied customer,&quot; as she untied JoAnna but
  left her gag in place.  
JoAnna gasped for breath, wheezing disgust for her brutalization, but knew
  she had no grounds for a police report or evidence to the DA.  
There had been consent, she knew, but The Witch had taken it too far.  
JoAnna demanded to be unchained by gestures, glares and kicks and the seasoned
  Domme, realizing her sub had had enough, finally unlocked her cuffs and released
  the head harness from JoAnna 's red-mottled, tear-streaked face.  
JoAnna dressed quickly and rushed out, hoping never to lay eyes on this Bitch
  ever again.  
Her bottom, inflamed, sore and tender, ached all the way home and she felt
  as though she had just been run over by an 18-wheeler.  
Never, she vowed, would she ever, ever enter into an agreement with another
  Domme again and quietly resolved no one would ever lay a hand, or rope, on
  her body again.  
Her now-forgotten lover, William, was furthest from her mind when she drove
  into her driveway two hours later, exhausted, frustrated, extremely angry and
  in tearful pain.  
JoAnna headed for her bathroom, ran a warm bath and lay in it, soaking for
  an hour, crying her eyes out for sympathy, pity; anything, anyone.  
Her house was silent and she was quiet, alone and afraid that night as she
  lay in bed, trying to exorcise the demons that kept sleep at bay.  
Tossing and turning this way and that, she cursed herself, wept some more
  and, suddenly, vaguely, thought of William, her summertime lover, whose quiet
  smile and soft, brown, understanding eyes came to her in a quick, soft-focused
  vision and was, just as quickly, snatched away.  
JoAnna fell asleep as dawn broke; heartbroken, bereft, utterly alone. Her
  first writing project had failed utterly and JoAnna felt her womanhood, her
  energy and interest in anything fade away.  
Depression reigned in the smith household for weeks: no one called, JoAnna
  did not leave the house, except for a few small groceries, as she tried to
  nurse her wounds and her psyche back to health after getting long sick leave
  approved by her doctor and employer.  
Once a week, she checked her email inbox and angrily dumped the trash that
  appeared there every day &ndash; viagra, low, low mortgage rates, free porn,
  Nigerian investment opportunities &ndash; the lot disgusted her.  
Then, to make things worse, the late-August weather turned vile: rainy day
  followed rainy day and when it stopped raining the wind would blow, warm, muggy
  and sultry in the late summer heat, causing JoAnna's clothes to stick to her
  body.  
Her usually fiery interest in sex had flickered to nothing and she despaired,
  fearing she had lost hope for anything.  
She felt like a navy wife on hearing her husband had been lost at sea or
  killed in action, so aggrieved was she the day her life began turning around.  
The phone rang for the first time in 15 days, startling her out of her doze
  on the living room couch.  
JoAnna glared at it. It rang six more times. She still glared.  
Seven more times, it rang.  
&quot;Godammit,&quot; she swore, as she stood up to pull the set out of the
  wall.  
She snatched the receiver off the cradle and said, icily:  
&quot;Yes? Will you leave me in peace?!&quot;  
A pause.  
&quot;JoAnna? Is that you?&quot;  
She recognized the familiar, baritone voice and burst into tears in instant
  recollection of her far too-short love affair with her distant lover, William,
  in North Carolina.  
&quot;William?&quot; she said, her voice quaking from her burst of tears. &quot;Is
  that you?&quot;  
&quot;S'me, JoAnna; what on earth is wrong? Why are you crying?&quot;  
JoAnna grabbed her handful of tissues, dabbed the tears from her eyes and
  sobbed.  
&quot;Oh, Williamrrrr; I can't begin to tell you,&quot; she said, gaining
  meagre control over her cascading emotions.  
&quot;Are you ill, JoAnna?&quot; he asked, his voice still calm, quiet, reassuring.  
&quot;William, dear, I need you to talk to me. Where are you?&quot;  
&quot;I'm at home.&quot;  
&quot;Can you come to see me? Please? I need you to hold me, comfort me.
  Can you, will you, do that?&quot;  
&quot;Of course I can, JoAnna; just tell me where you are and I will be there
  as fast as I can.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, William, I, I don't, I . . . . I live at 126 Oak Street, Philadelphia,&quot; JoAnna
  said, suddenly becoming just a little more reassured.  
&quot;JoAnna , you're not going to believe this but I was just calling to
  tell you I was on the way to see my friend, Bob Buck, in Boynton Beach, Florida,
  and wanted to stop in to say hello.  
&quot;I won't drive, I'll fly to Philadelphia international airport; I'll
  leave as soon as I can. Stay well until I see you, JoAnna ; I have some good
  news for you.  
&quot;I should be there in a day, depending if I get all the right flights.&quot;  
JoAnna thought she had just spoken to an angel, so touched was she by his
  immediate response.  
&quot;Thank you, William, please hurry.&quot;  
&quot;Will do, JoAnna ; stay well, stay safe 'til I see you. Bye for now.&quot;  
Click.  
JoAnna wondered how she was going to explain her misadventure to her lover;
  she prayed he would understand and she could only guess at his good news.  
JoAnna tried to cheer herself up by scouring her wardrobe for something presentable
  with which to greet William but could only pick out a pair of slacks, blouse
  and sweater.  
The welts on her face, shoulders, breasts, sex and bottom were starting to
  fade but the psychological damage was still present, unrepaired.  
William would have to call on the depths of his compassion, patience and
  understanding to help JoAnna come to terms with the silly mistake she had made.
  But it would take time.  
JoAnna had no idea where he was or when he might call and that day, September
  16, 2004, dragged on endlessly.  
Next morning, at 7:30 a.m., JoAnna was startled by light, insistent knocks
  on the front door. She rose, anxious, still sleepy, to see who it was.  
&quot;Who's there?&quot; she asked timorously, clutching her nightgown close
  to her.  
&quot;Sailor,&quot; William said. &quot;May I come in?&quot;  
Three weeks of pain, suffering and remorse lifted off JoAnna 's face in seconds
  and she beamed, magically, angelically, as she unlocked the door to admit her
  tall, slim and handsome North Carolinian lover, dressed in jacket, shirt and
  jeans; his erect, slim, muscular body and flat stomach betraying any sign of
  the orthopedic trouble he had had for months.  
William took one step forward and JoAnna threw her arms around his shoulders
  and hugged him for all she was worth.  
They stood, embracing, for five long minutes, attracting smiles and chuckles
  from early-morning passersby but JoAnna did not care.  
&quot;May I come in?&quot; William whispered into JoAnna 's left ear, as
  she hugged his neck still tightly.  
JoAnna , snuffling back her tears of joy and relief, backstepped and William
  strolled in, looked around and said tentatively: &quot;Nice place, JoAnna.
  How've you been, anyway?&quot;  
JoAnna , still reeling from his sudden appearance, just like his walk down
  the long corridor at JFK Airport during their momentous New York City reunion
  earlier in the year, was at a loss for words. Dabbing again at her eyes, she
  gestured for him to sit.  
William sat down on the couch and JoAnna eased her stiff backside down beside
  him.  
William placed his big, strong arm around her shoulder and said:  
&quot;What's wrong?&quot;  
JoAnna leaned her head against his collar and sobbed disconsolately, her
  pain and grief leaving her mind and body slowly in the presence of her nice
  man from North Carolina who had just travelled a couple of thousand miles to
  console her.  
Slowly, bit by bit, JoAnna told her story haltingly and William listened,
  serious, silent, unsmiling, as JoAnna let go of her pain.  
William, touched and wounded himself by JoAnna 's pain, just put his arms
  around her again and stroked her soft, long red hair, softly, gently, soothingly.  
&quot;Poor JoAnna, JoAnna; oh, how I suffer with you my dear, dear JoAnna,&quot; he
  said finally, looking into her red-rimmed eyes. &quot;How you must be struggling
  to put that nightmare behind you; please, let me help you, let me be your crutch,
  your beacon, a lover and your friend; let me into your heart once again, as
  you did last April, and we will make you one again.  
&quot;Open your heart to me.&quot;  
&quot;I will,&quot; she croaked. &quot;Oh, William; I am so glad you've come.
  Thank you. You must be one of the kindest, gentlest men I have ever known.  
&quot;May I make you a bite to eat?&quot;  
William said that would be fine and he followed JoAnna into her tidy little
  kitchen where JoAnna expertly whipped up a huge panful of scrambled eggs and
  bacon, toast and coffee.  
She had not eaten for days and was suddenly starved.  
The two lovers, who had shared their most intimate secrets long distance
  and in person months ago, sat at the kitchen table and devoured her breakfast
  slowly, savoring each tender moment as they shared their first meal since New
  York City and Dartmouth.  
&quot;We never did have breakfast in New York, did we?&quot; William said,
  looking at JoAnna over his coffee cup.  
JoAnna smiled at his attempt at good humor and put her hand on his. &quot;Yes,
  it was a memorable weekend, William; one I shall never forget, and I still
  thank you.&quot;  
&quot;You're quite welcome; it was my pleasure.&quot;  
JoAnna smiled once again and a forgotten feeling of comfort, security and
  a sense of belonging began to creep back home like puppies seeking shelter
  in a rainstorm.  
What is it about this man, anyway? she thought to herself as she looked at
  William's still weather-beaten, darkly handsome face, 18 years older than hers.  
William leaned back in JoAnna 's kitchen chair, patted his flat stomach and
  said: &quot;Young lady, not only are you the best lover in the world, you are
  also the finest breakfast cook I've ever known; that was delicious.&quot;  
JoAnna was doubly comforted and she quietly hoped she was finding her way
  back into this man's heart again.  
She began to wonder what sort of spell, what kind of magic, had brought them
  together again so serendipitously. Was he  exerting some
  sort of control over her? Or was she  influencing him?
  She could not know. Who was controlling whom? she thought. Suddenly, JoAnna
  did not care.  
She looked up and felt her pain had all but disappeared and her head again
  drooped in quiet thanks for the sudden arrival of this man. As she looked down
  in quiet thought, she revealed to William once again the lovely gold chain
  she still wore around her neck, a permanent reminder of their glorious love
  affair of the summer of 2004.  
JoAnna looked up and William took both JoAnna 's hands in his and held her,
  quietly, firmly; JoAnna felt warmth and strength restoring to her limbs, her
  body, her mind.  
&quot;Ohmigod, William, this is all happening so fast; I don't know what's
  happening to me,&quot; JoAnna said softly. &quot;What are you doing to me?
  What have I done to you?&quot;  
&quot;I'm holding your hands, JoAnna; that's all.&quot;  
JoAnna squeezed his hard, calloused hands back tightly and she felt loved
  for the first time in many, many years; a queasy, uneasy feeling to be sure,
  but the seed had been planted.  
They spent the rest of that grey, rainy Thursday morning in mid-September
  in quiet contemplation and JoAnna gave silent thanks for her deliverance from
  despair &ndash; at the hands of this thoughtful, quiet man she barely knew.  
&quot;William, thank you for coming,&quot; JoAnna said, as they walked into
  the living room, coffees in hand. &quot;Please, sit with me, hold me; let me
  know again you care for me.&quot;  
William and JoAnna resumed their seats on JoAnna 's big, comfortable couch
  and they hugged again, JoAnna feeling her strength restoring by the minute.  
What spell is he casting over me, anyway? she thought as she nestled in his
  arms, feeling his heartbeat against her left ear as she drew her housecoat
  around herself protectively. William merely stroked JoAnna 's soft, long red
  hair and she dozed in her first, tenuous moments of contentment in weeks, months.  
Hours later, she unwrapped herself from his arms, stretched languidly and
  kissed him full on the lips.  
William, ever so gently, unbelted JoAnna 's dressing gown and stroked her
  breast, causing JoAnna to sigh in an old, nearly-forgotten contentment and
  lingering tingle on her still red-marked breast.  
Five minutes later, JoAnna and William were in bed together, lying comfortably,
  naked, side by side, as familiar as two peas, and JoAnna knew, finally, she
  was in safe, caring hands.  
&quot;JoAnna,&quot; William said, his arm around her shoulder to caress her
  neck, &quot;I don't know if this is the time to tell you or not but I, umm,
  would like you to crew a 55-foot catamaran with me, from Fort Lauderdale to
  the Bahamas and back.  
&quot;My friend, Bob Buck, in Boynton Beach, has loaned it to me for 10 days
  and I would love to have you with me as my crew of one.  
&quot;Will you join me?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, William; that is the nicest thing I have heard coming from you
  since you asked me to meet you. But, golly, I don't know how to sail. I'm not
  afraid of the water, I can swim but how can I crew if I don't know anything
  about sailing?&quot;  
&quot;My nickname isn't 'sailor' for nothing,&quot; William replied, stroking
  her breast lightly.  
&quot;I spent a good deal of my life in the navy and did some deepsea sailing
  off North Carolina.  
Sailing off the Florida coast and into the Keys and the Bahamas is a breeze
  compared to the North Atlantic off North Carolina, I can tell you; I've seen
  Bob's 'cat' and I love it. He calls it &quot; Sirius  ,&quot; after
  the 'dog star' navigators have used for centuries, and after the Royal Navy
  cruiser he served in during the Second World War.  
&quot;I have a connection to that name, too, because I served in a Royal
  Navy frigate, HMS Sirius  , with NATO years ago so I was
  only too happy to be offered the chance to sail her to Nassau.  
&quot;Will you come?&quot;  
JoAnna thought for two seconds: &quot;Yes, sailor; I will be delighted to
  be your crewmember.  
When do we ship out?&quot;  
&quot;As soon as you're ready and just as soon as I call Bob. He is a retired
  electrical engineer with NASA who was contracted to come back to solve the
  problem with the Mars rover, Spirit  . He worked at Cape
  Canaveral for 26 years, saw all the successful launches and the failures --
  every one of them -- and he is a fascinating man. I would like for you to met
  him and his wife, Moira. They are super-nice.&quot;  
This was just the antidote JoAnna needed to hear; good, friendly, honest,
  intelligent people; JoAnna could not believe her sudden, good fortune &ndash; a
  trip to Florida to meet a NASA electrical engineer and his wife, then a sail
  to the Bahamas on a catamaran called Sirius  .  
&quot;You are serious, aren't you?&quot; JoAnna said, leaning over to look
  into William's eyes searchingly. &quot;As honest and as clear as the name on
  that yacht's hull, which is berthed, as we speak, at Pier 25A at the Fort Lauderdale
  Yacht Club, not far from where we docked in 1967 in another ship I served in.  
JoAnna 's curiosity was lit: &quot;Oh, William, this all sounds so exciting.
  Tell me it's true, tell me it's going to happen. Please?&quot;  
&quot;It's as true as the person who is lying here beside you right now,&quot; he
  replied, lifting up to kiss his lover on her neck. &quot;We can leave tomorrow,
  if you like?&quot;  
JoAnna thought quietly for a few moments and said, finally, that would be
  fine and asked William what she needed to bring. She packed away a few sun
  clothes, a few sweaters, jeans, shoes, sneakers, her favorite bikini, a couple
  of dresses and, as an afterthought, tossed in the pair of handcuffs William
  had sent her so many months ago.  
That evening, they slept together again for the first time in four months
  and although they did not make love, JoAnna felt restored, happy and content.
  William slept soundly, content, too, in the knowledge he had eased the pain
  of someone he was starting to care for more deeply than he thought. JoAnna
  slept dreamlessly and awoke next morning, calm, refreshed and invigorated,
  as the sun streamed through her bedroom window, announcing a warm, beautiful
  September 17.  
William looked, shocked nearly to tears, at the healing, pink welts on JoAnna
  's body, as she dressed quietly in the mirror and knew he would ask no questions
  until she needed him again to expiate her pain.  
He knew then what had happened and resolved he would do everything he could
  to ensure JoAnna became the happy, content, sensual lover he knew in July and
  August. He would succeed but neither William nor JoAnna were prepared for what
  would happen days later.  
Two days later, they were in Fort Lauderdale, checking into a highrise ocean-front
  hotel, as happy and excited almost as if they were at the New York Hilton in
  Soho, New York City, a few weeks ago.  
JoAnna had all but forgotten her brutal treatment at the hands of that vicious
  Domme and had warmed again to William's close, casual attentions.  
She loved the way he kept her nearby but when she needed space, he disappeared;
  only to return a few minutes, or an hour later, to see a smiling JoAnna, glad
  to see him once again. Slowly, gradually, inevitably, their relationship got
  back on track.  
Sitting in their bright, modern hotel room, William told JoAnna about his
  shoulder injury, the orthopedic surgeon's work to free the joint and the long
  weeks of physiotherapy to restore his strength and range of motion.  
His left arm did not bother him at all now, he told her, but his physical
  strength would be put to the test in a few days at sea.  
For her part, JoAnna was simply glad to be back in his company; secure, safe,
  dignified and respected once again, as they strolled the downtown sites of
  Fort Lauderdale.  
&quot;We called this place 'Fort Liquordale' when we were here in March 1967,&quot; William
  said, as they strolled, hand-in-hand, down the beachfront. &quot;It was 'flower-power'
  and 'party-til-you-drop' back then. And if you can imagine 750 sailors off
  three destroyers all descending on the city at the same time, well, wasn't
  that a blast! The girls ran for cover. Hee-hee.&quot;  
&quot;'Member that song? &quot;You never close your eyes any more when I
  kiss your leee-eeeps; there's no tenderness in the touch of your fingerteee-eeps
  . . . . ', JoAnna ?&quot;  
&quot;William, I was not even born,&quot; she replied, &quot;but, yes, I
  do.&quot;  
&quot;Mmm, I was all of 22 and that was the Fort Lauderdale anthem at the
  time. Man, didn't we party; we were berthed just over there, by the yacht club,
  the day Crescent  caught fire, in fact. That was not a
  party; that was organized chaos. No one died but there were a lot of frightened
  guys on board that day.&quot;  
&quot;Really?&quot;  
&quot;Yeh, fire is the number-one enemy aboard ship, a boat, or anything
  afloat.&quot;  
William asked if JoAnna would like to drive over to see the catamaran, Sirius  ,
  and she said she would.  
When they got to the yacht club, William found the yacht easily and JoAnna
  looked at the low, graceful lines of the sleek, white $2-million craft.  
&quot;Locked up right now, of course, but we'll be getting the keys off Dr.
  Bob Buck at his house tomorrow,&quot; William said, his arm around JoAnna's
  shoulder as they looked at the 55-foot cat.  
JoAnna hugged him back hungrily as her imagination began to fire.  
&quot;What do I wear at sea, William?&quot; she asked. &quot;Nothing at all,
  if you like,&quot; he replied.  
&quot;We'll be out of sight of land until we hit the Bahamas in three days;
  maybe just some sunscreen and a hat.&quot;  
JoAnna smiled at the quick mental image that flashed through her mind and
  thought this would be the trip of a lifetime.  
Back at their hotel that night, after a light meal in the hotel's dining
  room, William and JoAnna once again lay in bed, looking out their huge window
  at the dots of lights far out at sea and coming and going in and out of the
  small harbour to the north.  
They hugged, caressed and stroked one another's bodies, just as though they
  were getting to know one another again, and JoAnna felt complete, whole, safe
  and loved.  
&quot;Make love to me, my darling,&quot; she whispered. &quot;Take me, please,
  as your woman but don't tie me just yet. I need to feel a little freedom before
  I give myself over to you completely. I want to feel free in your arms before
  you tie me as before. Please understand?&quot;  
William nodded and stroked JoAnna's soft, pale body, kissing her neck, her
  nipples and her flat stomach before sliding up to place kisses ever so gently
  on her lips, cheeks and forehead. JoAnna raised her arms to the headboard and
  suddenly wished she was bound for him.  
Instead, she wrapped her arms around his strong shoulders and drew him down
  onto herself.  
William, fully erect, easily slipped his hard manhood into her warm, moist
  sex and they made love for long hours, well into the early morning, quietly,
  lovingly, gently, in ways that only true lovers will know.  
Twice that night and early next morning, William sank huge loads of hot,
  white semen deep into JoAnna's womb and she knew herself to be loved, consummated
  as only a submissive woman could be.  
The two fell asleep in each other's arms and awoke later, Sept. 18, 2004,
  to a bright, sunny, warm day.  
Their trip to Boynton Beach was next on the agenda and William was looking
  forward to meeting his old engineer friend again, for just the second time
  in two years, and to hear his interesting explanations about what was going
  on with the Mars explorations.  
&quot;JoAnna, Bob and Moira are in their early 60s, just a few years older
  than me, but they look years younger,&quot; William explained while they drove
  down the interstate. &quot;Bob,&quot; or 'Buck,' who did those illustrations
  for Through Night to Light  , looks like your typical,
  bookish engineer but Moira is a knockout; she's a former movie star and has
  the looks of someone 25 years younger -- and a figure to die for. When she
  goes to the beach, she still turns heads.  
&quot;They have been married 35 years and Moira still goes to bed every night
  in chains, Bob told me,&quot; William said as JoAnna felt the sultry September
  morning air blow her hair around her face in the Mustang she was driving in
  south, past Cape Canaveral, to Boynton Beach.  
William continued: &quot;I glanced at Moira's wrists and ankles the last
  time I was with them and, well, you will see for yourself.  
&quot;Anyway, they have invited us to their place for supper; she's a very
  talented cook and Bob, well, he is utterly fascinating to listen to: he's a
  walking computer with a terrific sense of humor. And now he's working to try
  and solve Spirit  's computer problems several million
  miles away on some Martian plain.  
&quot;Are you up to meeting them?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, yes; I'd love to meet them,&quot; JoAnna enthused. The happy couple
  drove on.  
Two hours later, William was knocking on the door at 1 Brookdale Drive, Boynton
  Beach, and JoAnna , dressed in a summer dress, looked admiringly at the trim,
  buxom figure of Mrs. Moira Buck, 61, dressed casually in snug T-shirt, slacks
  and sandals that set her 38D-24-36 figure off to advantage.  
&quot;Hi Moira, this is JoAnna ,&quot; William said. &quot;JoAnna, meet Moira.
  Where's Bob, Mo.?&quot;  
&quot;He's at the Cape, still working on Spirit  , William;
  come in you two, come in.&quot;  
JoAnna looked at this glamorous lady and knew, once again, she was in fine
  company.  
Moira fixed them the Buck special &ndash; extra, extra dry vodka martinis &ndash; and
  served up the chilled drinks to William and JoAnna .  
JoAnna had never had a martini before &ndash; she was a beer-and-pizza sort
  of Philly gal &ndash; and she sipped at the cold, clear, fiery fluid that cleared
  her sinuses and made her a little tipsy, on her empty stomach.  
Their conversation covered everything from Bob's call back from retirement
  to rescue the Spirit  , to the yacht Sirius  ;
  to Bob's and William's career in the Royal Navy and Canadian navy, to William's
  surgery and back to JoAnna's and William's writing efforts and achievements.  
As the chat went back and forth, JoAnna blushed deeply as she flashbacked
  to the disastrous encounter with 'The Witch' in Newark but then was quietly
  incredulous her fortune had changed so dramatically in recent days.  
JoAnna gabbled away happily that she was helping William with his writings
  and helping him perfect the female voice and point of view. She told Moira
  they often exchanged story ideas; William would write her something, JoAnna
  would comment and William would frequently redraft his work to make his stories
  reflect more accurately the female sensibility he was searching for. She only
  alluded to the fact they were writing about romantic sex and bondage but Moira
  knew, having read some of William's works already on the internet. Moira had
  wondered who &quot;JoAnna&quot; was in the combined bylines and, at last, she
  knew.  
&quot;What are you two writing about, anyway?&quot; the attractive Mrs. Buck
  asked, knowing full well what it was already.  
&quot;Oh, bondage; you know, damsel-in-distress settings; the strong-willed,
  determined heroine extracting herself from perilous situations in chains or
  other bondages; that sort of thing,&quot; William said. JoAnna looked on for
  reaction from Moira. She saw a quiet, understanding, dignified smile on her
  attractive, tanned face.  
Moira's eyebrows arched with interest and she said she would like to see
  some of William's and JoAnna 's latest collaborations.  
William thought fast: maybe JoAnna and he could cobble something together
  while on the Sirius  . Bob had installed a PC onboard
  and even had internet/email connections by satellite in the catamaran's lounge.  
JoAnna glanced furtively at Moira's wrists and saw, indeed, pinkish-red traces
  she knew by experience had been left behind by steel cuffs.  
Her interest in bondage, latent and almost extinguished for several weeks,
  started to rekindle but she could not muster the courage to ask Mrs. Buck about
  her bondage experiences &ndash; as much as she wanted to.  
&quot;JoAnna, if you're going to Nassau with William on board Sirius  ,
  I would like for you to take something along with you,&quot; Moira said, engaging
  JoAnna 's eyes pleasantly. &quot;Come to the bedroom with me for a moment,
  will you?&quot;  
JoAnna got up and followed Moira into the huge bedroom and stood while she
  withdrew a little black dress; behind her, JoAnna could see rows and rows of
  handcuffs, light and heavy chains and assorted other cuffs hanging neatly inside
  the walk-in closet as Moira turned around to hand her the slinky, short, little,
  very feminine garment.  
&quot;I wore this to Nassau with Bob the night we marked our 15 th  wedding
  anniversary and I would like you to have it,&quot; she said. &quot;I was about
  the same size as you back then; I am a little bustier now than I was in '75
  but this famous 'little black dress' is bound to look wonderful on you.  
&quot;Would you like to try it on?&quot;  
JoAnna said she would and looked at the tag as she accepted it from Moira;
  yep, same size, and a Christian Dior.  
Wow, this must be worth $800 if it's worth a cent, she thought.  
JoAnna undressed &ndash; she wore nothing under her sundress &ndash; and,
  glancing at Moira's appraising eyes, slipped into the slinky, spaghetti-strapped,
  low-cut, backless dress. She looked in the mirror, checked her silhouette and
  Mrs. Buklley whispered: &quot;You look like a doll, JoAnna.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, Mrs. Buck; this is so nice, so sexy and so perfect,&quot; JoAnna
  said, shaking her hand.  
Moira hugged her instead and whispered: &quot;You're welcome, my dear; wear
  it and remember to have a good time in Nassau. That was one of the most romantic
  times Bob and I ever had and if that dress you are wearing could speak, it
  could tell tales of, well, I will leave the rest up to you.  
&quot;Now, go out and show your man how you look.&quot;  
JoAnna blushed as she cast around for words of gratitude to this gracious
  lady but could not find any.  
They walked down the hall together, into the living room, and there stood
  Bob Buck, 64, a 6-2, 200-pound, fit man, looking tired from18-hour days at
  Cape Canaveral trying to solve the software problems of Spirit  ,
  the Mars lander, many millions of miles away.  
JoAnna saw William's and Bob's eyes light up as she strolled ladylike into
  the living room, her breasts swaying gently under the clingy fabric, and she
  quietly enthused in the reaction she received from the two good-looking men
  who looked admiringly back at her.  
'Beautiful,' William thought to himself. 'Mmm, whattababe,' said Bob to himself,
  sizing JoAnna's full figure up and down.  
William thought he had just seen JoAnna in a flashback to their weekend in
  July; Bob, a quiet, reserved man who loved his wife of 35 years dearly, flashed
  back to their anniversary at Nassau in 1975 and the fantastic sex and bondage
  he had enjoyed with his woman on Sirius  back then. Moira
  and JoAnna beamed at their men and William could scarcely wait to get JoAnna
  in his arms once again.  
&quot;You like?&quot; JoAnna asked William, sitting beside him, crossing
  her knees decorously.  
&quot;I love,&quot; he replied.  
Lovely, just lovely, JoAnna ,&quot; Dr. Buck said quietly, puffing on his
  pipe. &quot;You look just as lovely as Moira did in it in September 1975.&quot; Bob
  was secretly hoping to get laid again tonight.  
&nbsp;&quot;Wear it with pride and remember us Bucks of Boynton Beach and
  when you come back to Fort Lauderdale come back and tell us how your trip was.&quot;  
Moira, meanwhile, had slipped away to get supper ready: Caesar salad, char-broiled
  ribeye steaks and rock lobster, baked potatoes, red wine and cherry cheesecake
  were on the menu, she announced, with coffee and Armagnac, a fiery French cognac
  Bob loved, to follow.  
JoAnna and William had not eaten all day and they were ravenous: when the
  meal was served the dinner conversation was equally lively, funny and sad as
  Bob recounted the successes and failures of the NASA spaceshots: the uproarious
  parties and cheers when a mission launched successfully, then the shock, sadness
  and terrible pain of seeing their efforts and years of hard work disintegrate
  or burst into flame before their eyes.  
Bob asked for a quiet moment to remember the crew of the shuttle Columbia  ,
  each of whom he knew by name, and he recited their names, ranks and appointments
  off, one by one, in a voice choked by emotion and fatigue from work to solve
  the Spirit  's difficulties.  
&quot;Bless 'em all; they were a great bunch,&quot; Bob said.  
Once again, their conversation rolled back to earthly things and William
  explained his sail plan to Bob; Bob replied he would fax it to the port authorities
  in Fort Lauderdale and Nassau and handed William the keys to the yacht. William
  and Bob shook hands and Moira hugged JoAnna as they expressed best wishes for
  a safe, memorable trip.  
&quot;Thanks, Bob; we'll bring her back safe and sound in 10 days. JoAnna
  is my crew of one and she's my seaman apprentice. joanna smith --
  seaman apprentice  . Heh.&quot;  
&quot;And likely a fine one, indeed,&quot; Bob said. &quot;You two have a
  safe trip and a lovely time when you get there and be sure to come back and
  see us.&quot;  
JoAnna was beaming like a Cheshire cat as she hung onto every word.  
She was actually going to sea with William, her lover, to Nassau in a luxury
  yacht.  
Tomorrow!  
After supper, William and JoAnna had to excuse themselves for the trip back
  to Fort Lauderdale. They had earlier checked out of their hotel and were ready
  to spend the first night in the yacht alongside at the Fort Lauderdale yacht
  club.  
Two hours later, William drove up to the club's parking lot, locked the car
  and escorted his lovely, black-dressed girlfriend down the finger jetty to  Sirius  ,
  the catamaran that would be their home for the next 10 days.  
William hopped aboard, held JoAnna's arm as she stepped into the cockpit
  and William unlocked the hatch leading below.  
JoAnna ducked her head, William snapped on an overhead light and JoAnna was
  feted to a scene of nautical luxury: there was a salon, panelled in light oak
  with brass and chrome fittings everywhere; a large, curved deep-blue settee;
  table; the mainmast, a computer, desk and lamps, two chairs; forward lay a
  small, stainless-steel galley and dining area and, further forward, the master
  bedroom and two small sleeping quarters to port and starboard that would accommodate
  4 - 6 people comfortably.  
Thick, plush carpeting was underfoot and everything smelled fresh and clean
  with a lingering scent of pine oil and brasso here and there.  
JoAnna thought she was on her honeymoon as she stood in William's arms, looking
  around in quiet amazement at the luxury that abounded.  
&quot;Tired?&quot; William said.  
&quot;Mmm, a little,&quot; JoAnna said.  
The two walked forward into the master bedroom and JoAnna slipped out of
  her black dress and into the cool bedsheets in a flash. Silk sheets caressed
  her naked body as William, clearly aroused, slipped in beside her. Once again,
  the two lovers took each other in their arms and hugged, kissed and caressed
  their way into sleep, too tired to make love.  
JoAnna was the first to awake next morning and discovered William had chained
  her ankles overnight while she slept. She saw William working away in the galley,
  getting breakfast ready for her, and swung her legs out onto the thick carpet
  to join him and greet the first day of her voyage southeast to the Bahamas,
  a couple of hundred miles off the Florida coast.  
Naked and chained at her ankles, she walked quietly into the kitchen, her
  chains making that distinctive little rustle she had come to welcome and enjoy,
  put her arms around her lover and kissed him on his injured left shoulder.  
&quot;Good morning, Ms. smith; how do you like your eggs?&quot;  
&quot;I like them just fine,&quot; JoAnna said, still hugging her man, feeling
  her still-tender breasts flatten against his bare, muscular back. &quot;Any
  way you do them is fine with me.&quot;  
JoAnna sat at the galley table, quite comfortable in her chained nudity,
  as William placed a large platter of scrambled eggs, bacon, biscuits and two
  cups of steaming Colombian coffee on the table in front of her.  
William bowed his head quietly and recited a psalm JoAnna had only heard
  of &ndash; Psalm 107 -- recited by seafarers for centuries:  
&quot;They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters;  
These see the works of the Lord and his wonders in the deep . . . . &quot;  
JoAnna was touched by her lover's quiet words and she, too, prayed their
  next 10 days would be safe, happy and adventurous times.  
&quot;I am not a particularly religious man, JoAnna,&quot; William said,
  engaging her soft eyes again;  
&quot;however, I have a deep respect of the sea -- and this from one who
  has spent many years on it.  
JoAnna looked at him carefully as he continued the story he introduced earlier: &quot;While
  we were en route to the Panama Canal and the West Coast in those destroyers
  in February 1967, which, by the way, is the worst-possible time to be on the
  North Atlantic, we ran into a nor'easter off Cape Hatteras that nearly wiped
  me off the face of the earth.&quot;  
JoAnna fell silent.  
&quot;I was on watch, alone, at 3 a.m. in the open bridge of the DE I was
  serving in when a 'rogue' wave &ndash; the dangerous 7 th  &ndash; loomed
  up portside, higher and blacker than a low mountain, and slammed into the bridge
  amidships.  
&quot;We rolled, were thrown 20 degrees off course and the crest of the wave
  broke over the bridge, and me; I was nearly swept overboard, missing the open
  starboard side by six feet. And it all happened in a second.  
&quot;It was just after 3 a.m., the watch changed at 3:50 and no one would
  have known I was missing.  
&quot;Since that time, I believe someone, something, has watched over me
  whenever I set out to sea; an event like that remains with you always: an event
  when, suddenly, out of nowhere, your life could be snuffed in an instant; and
  no one would know.  
&quot;That is one of the reasons I continue to go to sea and, today, one
  of the reasons I am so glad to have you with me, to share with me my victory
  over my own fears, my knowledge of transience and mortality, and to know that
  I am in the presence of someone who, I think, cares for me as much as I care
  for her.&quot;  
JoAnna looked down, again at a loss for words, speechless at her lover's
  eloquence, deep feeling and quiet, inner strength.  
Once again, she felt reassured, renewed and comforted, in the care and devotion
  of this quiet Canadian who just happened to be falling in love with her.  
&quot;JoAnna, in honor of this memorable day, I want to give you a small
  token of my, of my, ah, er, affection for you,&quot; he said, reaching into
  his jeans pocket.  
JoAnna placed her hand on his, nearly knocking over her coffee cup, as William
  withdrew a diamond ring sized perfectly for the third finger of her left hand.  
&quot;This is a diamond I picked up in New York City without you knowing
  and I wanted to give it to you then but did not think the time was right,&quot; he
  said, looking at it closely. &quot;It's a deBeers, 1.5-carat with 24 0.25-catat
  diamonds encircling the main stone. There are 128 facets in the main rock and
  it is for you.  
&quot;I am not wishing to announce an engagement or to propose marriage;
  I want you to have this diamond, a symbol of affection, solidarity and permanence,
  as a token of my esteem for you, your adventurous spirit, your clever, quick
  mind and this extraordinarily beautiful body and face I see before me.  
&quot;May I have your left hand, please?&quot;  
JoAnna felt a lump in her throat under her snug gold chain as she extended
  her hand and William slipped the snug diamond onto her ring finger.  
Once again, in less than five minutes, JoAnna was speechless, dumbstruck,
  by the understated beauty and power of his words and his gift of a gemstone
  for her.  
The sun streamed in through the open porthole and JoAnna's diamond refracted
  the light in small blazes of internal fires. She looked at her finger and she
  gazed out at the brilliant, blue morning questing for words.  
Her heart pounded and she prayed for composure. &quot;William, my dear, dear
  friend,&quot; she began. &quot;I scarcely know where to begin. I have known
  you for just several short months and in that time have come to know -- and
  respect -- you as though I have had you beside me all my life.  
&quot;I began to think of who and what you were but only through your writings
  but I never got a clear picture of who was behind those words. In reality,
  in New York City, at my home, and here in Fort Lauderdale, I have seen your
  character in action and I see, by your thoughts, your words and your deeds,
  you are a man of integrity, with a quiet, generous spirit that I have just
  begun to plumb.  
&quot;As a woman, as your woman, I feel safe, secure and dignified; this
  morning, I am naked and chained but that matters not a whit. What matters is
  that I am with you, you are with me, and that our minds have met and spoken.  
&quot;You told me in New York that once our minds met and communicated our
  bodies would soon follow. And here you are, loving me, treating me with respect,
  with kindness and generosity and dignity.  
&quot;I thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for restoring me to that
  person I was earlier this summer; I owe you part of my life and I can never
  repay you for your kindnesses.&quot; JoAnna's voice trailed off.  
&quot;Oh, yes you can, JoAnna smith,&quot; William replied, a wide smile
  on his weathered face. &quot;You get to wash the dishes. And I'll dry.&quot;  
JoAnna smiled at his anticlimactic, good humor.  
William stood up, came over to JoAnna, placed his arms around her warm, pale
  shoulders and said: &quot;Be good to yourself, my darling, and all the rest
  will fall into place in time. &quot;Remember that.  
&quot;Remember, too, I will look after you while we are at sea but you are
  a strong, wonderful woman and it is my pleasure, and honor, to be associated
  with you as we embark on this trip of discovery and enjoyment.  
&quot;Please wear your diamond and remember me. But, also, be good to yourself.&quot;  
JoAnna, almost overcome, reached for a napkin to wipe a tear from her eye
  and looked sadly at her cooling scrambled eggs.  
She had just lost her appetite in the wave of sweet sentimentality that washed
  over her and her lover.  
JoAnna snuffled and sipped at her coffee and began to wonder what course
  their relationship would take next.  
William knelt to unlock her ankle chains and JoAnna scarcely knew they were
  there.  
JoAnna was getting rapidly back to her old self.  
&quot;I think we should get under way soon,&quot; William said. &quot;I'm
  going to start up the engine because we have to leave under power; then once
  we are in the bay, you and I will hoist sail, steer course 120 and ought to
  be at the Nassau anchorage in 36 hours, sea and prevailing winds willing.  
&quot;Aye, aye, cap'n, er, boss, umm, Master,&quot; JoAnna said laughingly
  as she cleared away the unfinished breakfast, scampering up to the master bedroom
  to pick out something for leaving harbor.  
JoAnna 's heart pounded as she re-emerged, wearing t-shirt, jeans and deck
  shoes and listened patiently and closely on the upper deck while William explained
  the roles and workings of all the upper-deck fittings and what he and JoAnna
  would have to do in case of emergency, fire or, heaven forbid, man overboard.  
There were the anchors, the standing and running rigging, the jib and mainsail,
  the shrouds, mainmast and boom; the cockpit, helm and binnacle and all the
  firefighting and lifesaving equipment she had ever seen. JoAnna tried to remember
  what everything did and where it went but she was baffled.  
William looked at his puzzled friend and said, simply: &quot;JoAnna, if it
  smokes, there's a fire, put it out with CO2 or water; if we have to anchor,
  you will be at the helm, steer course 180 and leave the rest up to me; I'll
  need your strength to hoist the mainsail and jib but, really, once we are under
  way and on course on a starboard tack, the rest is a piece of cake.  
&quot;Are you ready?&quot;  
JoAnna nodded warily.  
&quot;Then hop onto the dock, cast off the bow and stern lines and run back
  into the cockpit here with me.&quot;  
JoAnna complied and soon she and William were taking the big, graceful Sirius  out
  of the yacht club, under engine power to the open water, where William cut
  the engines, hoisted the sails with JoAnna's help and brought her back into
  the cockpit with him.  
JoAnna sat beside William as he steered the big catamaran out of the wide
  bay into the Gulf Stream, radioing the Coast Guard vessel traffic services
  centre once he was well under way, and JoAnna felt, for the first time, the
  surge and roll of the hull in the gentle, undulating sea swell as William altered
  to course 120, southeast to the Bahamas. Seas began to break gently over the
  bows as the catamaran's big, white sails filled and grew taut as steel. They
  were under way, the sun shone and the water became a brilliant Gulf Stream
  blue.  
The warm early September sea air caressed and soothed their bodies and JoAnna
  slipped out of her T-shirt to bare her breasts to the sun and breeze, much
  to William's delight.  
JoAnna disappeared below to get glasses of iced Perrier water for them and
  paused by the master bedroom, gazing at her ankle chains. Impulsively, she
  quickly snapped them on her ankles and reappeared on the upper deck, topless,
  in shorts and chains, to revel in William's attentions and take up the sun
  and sea scenery.  
&quot;Seaman Apprentice smith, I would like you to take the helm,&quot; William
  said. &quot;I'm going below for a snooze.&quot;  
&quot; Whaaaat  ?&quot; JoAnna said. &quot;You can't,
  William. I don't know how to steer. I can't steer this big yacht all by myself;
  stay here with me. Pleeeaase  ??&quot;  
&quot;See this centre line on the binnacle, the compass, here?&quot;  
&quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;That's the 'lubber's line' that runs down the middle of the boat; all
  you have to do is keep the arrow of the compass at 120 and keep 120 on the
  lubber's line. If the little arrow veers to the right, turn the helm to the
  left, or port; if the arrow veers left, turn the helm slightly to right, or
  starboard, the opposite to driving a car.  
&quot;And if the mainsail or jib start flapping like sheets in the wind,
  call me.&quot;  
William sat and watched as JoAnna took the helm in nervous palms, causing
  the compass to spin back and forth as the sails creaked, groaned and flapped.  
&quot;Gently, JoAnna; treat the helm as gently as you yourself want to be
  treated.&quot;  
She soon got the hang of turning the little oak helm and, after a couple
  of hours, Sirius  's wake evened out into an almost perfectly
  straight line. JoAnna began to glow with pride and she felt a surge of accomplishment.  
&quot;Ah-har, me hearties,&quot; she yelled in a soprano voice. &quot;Yo,
  ho, ho, and a bottle of, umm, er, what was that now? Oh, yeah, Moet
  et Chandon  .&quot; William smiled and gave her rump a little tap.  
&quot;Rum, silly goose.&quot; JoAnna smiled back at her lover who was enjoying
  every moment.  
Suddenly, astern, JoAnna heard the low rumble of powerful, supercharged engines
  and saw a black, low coast guard cutter grumbling past up the port side.  
Topless, JoAnna waved at the crew on the cutter's deck, just 30 yards away,
  and they all waved back, blowing kisses at her and waving their ballcaps.  
&quot; Vrruup? vrruup?  &quot; the cutter's cox'n announced
  on the cutter's horn as they churned past.  
JoAnna waved back again, unheeding her toplessness, and the crew lined the
  starboard side to look back, waving now and then.  
JoAnna could hear wolf whistles and faint invitations being called over to
  her as William smiled at them and back at his woman.  
&quot;Well, you certainly got their attention, Jo.,&quot; William smiled. &quot;They've
  probably taken 100 pictures of you with their high-speed shipboard cameras
  and zoom lenses.  
&quot;Your picture will likely be on the inside of some young coastguardman's
  locker door tonight, I imagine.&quot;  
&quot;Where are they going, William?&quot; as the powerful black craft churned
  on well ahead of them.  
&quot;Oh, probably they're out for some searchlight-and-gunnery practice
  in the range about 100 miles offshore later tonight,&quot; William replied. &quot;Then
  back on patrol for the drug-runners and illegal migrants.  
&quot;Those guys are good: they carry DEA men and women on board all the
  time and if they come across a drugboat, the smugglers and boat owners are
  toast.  
&quot;See those big .50-calibre machineguns fore and aft? With enfilade fire,
  they could turn Sirius  here into splinters in about 30
  seconds and that craft can go from zero to 50 knots in about the same time.  
&quot;They are the hunter-killers.&quot;  
JoAnna was impressed by the display of firepower and speed that roared off
  into the distance while the coastguard men commented on the lovely, topless
  beauty they had just seen in their high-powered binoculars and digital cameras.  
That morning, pictures of JoAnna, waving topless and happy at them from her
  helmsman position, were being enlarged by a photo tech in the coast guard cutter.
  And, unknown to her, she had become the instant, anonymous pinup of the seamen's
  mess for 2004.  
The hours passed and soon it was time to lower the sails and set the sea
  anchors for overnight.  
William had carefully plotted their position with GPS and knew exactly when
  and where to stop. At 7 p.m., he ordered JoAnna to cut the engines and he lowered
  the sails by himself while JoAnna watched as glowering cloud banks formed on
  the southeast horizon.  
William cast off two bulky triangular sea anchors off the stern to keep the
  yacht's stern into the wind and JoAnna prepared to go below, still topless,
  after lashing the helm into place.  
JoAnna had never spent a night at sea before and she tried valiantly to keep
  her balance, despite her chained ankles, as the deck heaved gently underfoot.
  They were about 100 miles off Florida's Atlantic coast and well into the Gulf
  Stream which was carrying them to the northwest into the southeast corner of
  the Bermuda Triangle.  
JoAnna, suntanned and chained, puttered in the tidy, little galley and got
  a meal of beef stew, rolls, coffee and tinned fruit ready for supper.  
She bounced back and forth happily, finding things, looking for others, as
  she stirred a savory pot of ready-made stew from the Bucks' well-stocked fridge,
  and hummed happily to herself.  
She held up her diamond ring to the galley light and saw it refract the beam
  in hundreds of small, internal prisms of fire.  
William came down from the upper deck, took JoAnna into his arms and said: &quot;we
  may be in for a bit of a blow but I don't think it will be too bad.&quot;  
Holding her, he sang lightly to her in a tuneless voice:  
&quot; We sail the ocean blue   
And our bounding ship's a beauty;   
&quot;We are sober men and true and attentive to
      our duty.&quot;   
&quot;You're funny,&quot; JoAnna said, placing her hands on his chest. She
  had all but forgotten his words of weather warning.  
&quot; When at anchor we ride on the Portsmouth
      tide   
We stand to our guns all day;   
Heave away, heave away, we sail at the break of
      day.&quot;   
&quot;What is that from, William?&quot; JoAnna asked.  
&quot;Oh, just a Gilbert and Sullivan opera, HMS Pinafore  ,
  that Royal Navy sailors have a great time with.  
William was in a buoyant, good mood and it was infectious; JoAnna served
  up supper and the two lovers downed the stew ravenously, having skipped breakfast
  and dinner and their appetites spurred by the sea air.  
After supper, they held hands and William took her back to the upper deck
  to watch the sun set over the Gulf Stream and the distant Florida Keys.  
Within moments, the horizon was deep scarlet, then orange for a few minutes,
  then, in a moment, darkness fell &ndash; fast &ndash; followed by the glint
  and gleam of stars, planets and constellations that flickered and filled the
  clouding night sky in small, far-distant points of light.  
William pointed out the various stars and constellations as well as the three
  planets that could be seen in late summer in those latitudes.  
JoAnna sat back in the cockpit, sipped at her icewater, looked up at the
  spectacular Atlantic night and made a quiet wish.  
&quot;Star light, star bright,&quot; she said softly. &quot;First star I
  see tonight . . . . &quot;  
William held her hand and sat down in the cockpit beside her.  
&quot;Are you happy, JoAnna ?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, very,&quot; JoAnna replied. &quot;William, can you, can you, ummm,
  ever let yourself love me? I mean, not physically; you do that very well. But
  love me in the total sense?&quot;  
JoAnna was feeling romantic and incredibly sexy by the storybook-like setting
  in which she found herself with her lover, sailor. William held JoAnna 's hand
  and kissed it gently.  
"JoAnna, I may fall in love with you, yes; we will know better as this trip
  goes on but I am confident you and I are on the path to a new, different relationship;
  you never fail to turn me on sexually and when I speak to you, or just simply
  remember a conversation, I think: I must be one of the luckiest men in the
  world to have accidentally stumbled onto such a treasure as yourself.&quot;  
JoAnna blushed at the overstated compliment and sat in his lap turning to
  face him, her breasts flat against his bare chest as the catamaran gently rolled
  and pitched on the black Atlantic Ocean swells.  
JoAnna put her arms around his neck and kissed him fervently on the lips
  as a rumble of thunder and quick flash of lightning startled her.  
&quot;I want to go below,&quot; she said, feeling the first few, warm drops
  of a Gulf Stream rainstorm.  
In a few seconds it was coming down in torrents and William and JoAnna disappeared
  into the warm, bright salon, sopping wet in the flash storm that blinded everything
  in sight.  
Mxine heard the rain fall hard on the canopy but the catamaran only rolled
  and swayed gently as the rain sluiced straight down in the windless night.  
William unlocked JoAnna's left ankle cuff and JoAnna stepped out of her cutoff
  shorts while William re-secured the cuff as before.  
William had loaned JoAnna one of his US navy workshirts, with his surname
  stencilled over the left breast pocket, and JoAnna slipped into it, smoothing
  the shirttails down to her mid-thighs and doing up one button just below her
  totally suntanned breasts.  
William undressed in the salon beside her, came over with a small polishing
  rag and buffed up JoAnna 's gold neck chain, the jewellery she had worn every
  day since William locked it on her neck six months ago in Paris.  
&quot;You look incredibly sexy tonight, Seaman Apprentice Smith,&quot; he
  said, putting away the little rag. JoAnna again sat on his lap and William
  toyed with her nipples through his shirt and gently stroked her sex as they
  listened to the rainstorm outside.  
JoAnna had never been so happy in her life.  
   
   
Nassau   
Exactly 36 hours later, after William and JoAnna cast off from the Fort Lauderdale
  yacht club, Sirius  and her crew of two arrived at the
  wide entrance to the port of Nassau, the Bahamas, and William skilfully brought
  the big white catamaran up to a buoy uder engine power, the sails having been
  lowered an hour earlier.  
JoAnna was at the helm and William jumped, naked, into the water from the
  bow, securing the catamaran to the red-and-white mooring buoy with a heavy,
  flexible wire rope.  
&quot;We're here, JoAnna,&quot; William announced as he clambered back aboard
  from the stern ramp.  
JoAnna, unchained for the first time in three days and dressed in blue navy
  workshirt, faded blue jeans and an HMCS Algonquin  ballcap,
  looked every bit the seaman apprentice she had become in the past three days.
  She saluted William as he dried himself in the cockpit beside her while he
  quietly noted the skills she had acquired recently in steering by magnetic.  
He would show her the intricacies of GPS navigation another day but now,
  they were more interested in getting ashore to see the sights of this attractive,
  neat Bahamian city.  
After lunch and showers, William and JoAnna debated what they should do with
  the rest of their day: make love, go ashore and make love; go ashore and have
  dinner and a dance and make love; or stay aboard, make love, have dinner, a
  dance and do it all again.  
&nbsp;JoAnna was more energized than she had been since her teenage years,
  when boys and one or two girls first caught her attention, and she looked forward
  to slipping into her little black dress again that night.  
&quot;I would like to see you in that great, little black dress on a dance
  floor in a nightclub tonight,&quot; William suggested coincidentally.  
&quot;Sounds too good to me,&quot; JoAnna said. &quot;Will you have the first
  dance with me?&quot;  
&quot;I'll have the first, last and every dance with you, my sweet,&quot; William
  replied.  
They had a mid-afternoon lovemaking session that put JoAnna in a mood for
  clubbing 'til the wee hours, her handsome man at her side, and by 8 p.m. that
  night, they were ashore in a water taxi, walking down the barstrip of bustling
  downtown Nassau.  
William and JoAnna wandered in one noisy, throbbing, darkly-lit bar and JoAnna
  headed straight for the dance floor, hauling William behind her.  
William could not believe his eyes when she saw the sensual gyrations his
  lover was capable of; JoAnna herself was transported by the pulsing Caribbean
  music and when a slow Glen Miller tune came on moments later, collapsed sweatily
  into William's arms, feeling his hands at her waist and hips, as they swayed
  gently to the immortal 1944 band classic, String of Pearls  .  
JoAnna snuggled close to her lover's neck and knew she was falling in love.  
Hours and hours and many, many dances later, they were back on their catamaran
  and JoAnna rewarded her lover by demanding  to be bound
  as stringently as she was in New York City and Dartmouth, North Carolina, a
  few weeks ago.  
Slowly, methodically, William bound JoAnna 's arms behind her in the Japanese
  cradle JoAnna had become so familiar with, wrapping bights and bights around
  her elbows, above and below her breasts and from each elbow cinch, up across
  the back of her neck to attach to her other elbow.  
She went from mobility to near immobility in 10 long, drawn-out minutes as
  William gently but effectively bound his woman for his attentions and her pleasures.  
JoAnna then assisted by kneeling on her heels, her arms bound parallel to
  each other at the small of her back, and William lashed her ankles to her thighs
  with 12 doubled bights of the small-diameter, soft hemp rope that JoAnna had
  become used to.  
Ankles bound to thighs, she was once again as helpless and sexy as she was
  in their Paris hotel room and she craved every moment. She tugged gently at
  her arms and could move only a half-inch; her legs were pinioned under her
  as she knelt facing William on their big, comfortable bed and William caressed
  and kissed her into ecstacy.  
JoAnna knew William excelled at these special, romantic moments and was quite
  aware &ndash; and proud &ndash; of the patient, methodical way he had bound
  her in Paris, and now, here in Nassau.  
William reached for the head harness with a small-diameter red ball gag attached,
  and JoAnna opened her mouth expectantly. William slipped the two-inch sphere
  behind her teeth easily then quickly locked the harness straps under her chin,
  on top of her head and behind her neck in the usual way.  
This was not the big cock gag JoAnna had worn before and she found she could
  almost, but not quite, close her jaws as she compressed the medium-soft rubber
  ball behind her teeth that flattened her tongue onto the floor of her mouth.  
William gently lay JoAnna on her back, her legs doubled under her, propped
  her head on a pillow and lashed her knees wide open to each side of their big
  double bed.  
The catamaran rolled gently in the night ebb tide.  
JoAnna, once again bound securely and gagged lightly enough so she could
  speak fairly clearly and breathe almost normally, was expecting William to
  start teasing her body to orgasm.  
William had other ideas: he wanted pictures to remember his lover and produced
  a digital camera from the closet at the starboard side of the bedroom.  
&quot;I need some pictures of you, bound as you are, for our photo album;
  will you let me photograph you, please? I can download these to Bob's laptop
  and we can pick and choose.&quot;  
&quot; Mmm-hmm  ,&quot; she nodded willingly.  
William tucked the satin bedsheets up just below JoAnna 's tightly-bound
  breasts, turned her head to the right, facing him, and took several pictures,
  adjusting the F-stop and shutter speed to capture the right exposure in the
  dim cabin light.  
JoAnna put on her warmest &quot;come-hither&quot; smile behind her head harness
  and gazed longingly at William and the lens as her lover clicked away.  
JoAnna was already turned on and the impromptu photo shoot was leaving her
  more sex-mad than before: she had never before been photographed in such sexy,
  romantic fashion and knew she would tuck these moments away into her growing
  file of sexy memories.  
William lowered the sheets a little to show a bit more of her bondage and
  discreetly placed a corner of a bedsheet over her exposed suntanned sex; JoAnna
  managed to wriggle a little to her right, causing the rope on her left thigh
  to tug taut, and William flashed a few more exposures.  
William then set the shutter to delayed-release, aimed it at JoAnna's harnessed
  head and quickly slipped beside her, kissing her fully on her slightly-parted
  lips just as the flash went off, giving him one of his best pictures of the
  night.  
William then turned JoAnna this way and that and soon had used up all 28
  high-res. images in the camera's memory.  
JoAnna, still bound and gagged, looked over at him as he downloaded her images
  into the laptop on the bed and smiled as she saw her images flash onto the
  screen one by one.  
&quot; Keep fem all, Peefer  ,&quot; she mumbled across
  her gag. &quot; I luff 'em all  .&quot;  
&quot;And I 'luff' you, too, JoAnna Smith,&quot; William said, as saved the
  images to CDs, shut down the computer and came to bed, his erection hard as
  ever.  
&quot;Kiff me,&quot; she said, closing her lips around her gag. William leaned
  down and kissed his bound lover fervently on the lips; JoAnna, able for the
  first time to purse her lips into an open-mouthed kiss, returned his and writhed
  and moaned in frustrated ecstacy.  
William kissed her again and again, fully, gently always, on the lips, cheeks
  and forehead, taking her head in his hands and caressing her temples, her jaws
  and forehead. JoAnna, bound collared and gagged, closed her eyes and hoped
  this moment would never end.  
Once again, they made passionate love and JoAnna groaned and moaned, exploding
  over and over in powerful, hip-bucking orgasms that wracked her rope-bound
  body. Hours later, William fell off her, utterly exhausted, as JoAnna whispered
  and wheezed for more.  
She tugged at her bound arms and tried to ease her doubled legs under her
  but could not move a muscle.  
She closed her lips around the two-inch-diameter ball gag and mmm  'ed
  at William to kiss her again.  
William was asleep and JoAnna lay, bound, frustrated, as she tried to nudge
  her lover awake, a difficult task bound as she was beside him.  
At 6 a.m., dawn broke and William came to and saw JoAnna, bound as she was
  several hours ago, sound asleep herself; her face quiet, content under her
  harness.  
William kissed her on the lips and JoAnna awoke slowly, dreamily, her sexual
  appetite still unsatisfied. She moaned and wanted her lover again. William
  got the silent message and quickly slid down between her still tightly-tied,
  widespread thighs and found her clit easily with his tongue. Moments later,
  JoAnna , now fully awake, was in the throes of an eye-watering orgasm and she
  moaned loudly through her gag she had worn all night  
&quot; Mmmmmnnnnnooooh, Peefer  ,&quot; she groaned,
  as the warm, pink clouds of her first early-morning orgasm rushed over her.
  He continued to massage and stroke her clit and JoAnna clied over and over
  again, her loins working overtime as her muscles contracted and spasmed in
  the sensual splendor that suffused her bound body.  
The Nassau and NYC experiences were to be among JoAnna's most potent sexual
  experiences in her life but, as in all things, there must come an end.  
Sirius  would stay in at Nassau Roads anchorage for
  another two days and the two lovers would spend every waking moment together,
  on the Bucks' yacht, in town, in restaurants and at bars. On the fifth day
  William and JoAnna reluctantly set sail back to the mainland and Fort Lauderdale;
  arranged another visit with the Bucks to thank them for the use of the yacht
  and to return JoAnna to her little duplex in Philadelphia, about halfway between
  the city centre and the suburbs.  
On their 11th day, Monday, Sept. 27, 2004, William drove into JoAnna's laneway,
  got out and opened her door for her. JoAnna got out, took her man by his hand
  and held it to her upper breast. Neighbours stopped to watch the tender, little
  scene.  
&quot;Stay with me just one more day, William, please?&quot; JoAnna said
  softly, as they stood, looking at each other lovingly. &quot;I need you here
  with me.&quot;  
William smiled.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sailor 861


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





