BDSM Library - Janna and the Professor




Janna and the Professor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Janna is a lovely innocent with steamy desires.  The Professor is more than willing to take her under his wing to teach her what she yearns for!M/F, M+/F, BDSM, spanking, humiliation, anal, toys  
JANNA AND THE PROFESSOR  
PART I  
 Janna walked around the house, bored to death. Her English Lit professor,
  Dr. Atkins, had asked her if she could house-sit for the weekend while he was
  out of town. Now, she wasn't sure she should have accepted since he apparently
  didn't believe in cable. "Who in the world doesn't have cable TV" she thought
  to herself.  
 She had already explored most of the house, finding nothing to stimulate
  her interest. When she found the study, she figured out why Dr. Atkins didn't
  have cable. The room was nearly completely filled with books. Shelves and shelves
  of them. He obviously spent his free time reading.  
 Strumming her fingers across the shelves, Janna found books on poetry, Shakespeare,
  literature, and novels, most of which she had never heard of. As she continued
  exploring the room, she came across something she had not anticipated. Nearly
  four shelves of books on sexuality, sexual practices, bondage, fetishes&hellip;  
 Her heart pounding in her chest, Janna pulled a book off the shelves, occasionally
  looking over her shoulder as if expecting to be caught. The book was full of
  erotic art &ndash; men and women in various stages of undress and sexual positions.
  Janna tried to look over the pages while at the same time her hand tried valiantly
  to press against her throbbing pussy. Finally, mostly out of frustration, Janna
  decided to take some of the books into the living room so that she could look
  at them and have access to her sopping wet clit.  
 Before reaching the living room, Janna stopped first in the room Dr. Atkins
  had told her she would be using for the weekend, to change out of the confining
  clothing she was wearing. Sliding out of her blue jeans and faded t-shirt,
  Janna looked over her body in the full length mirror in the corner of the room.  
 She was young to be a freshman having just turned 18 a few weeks ago, but
  she had always done well in school which had allowed her to be accelerated
  in her classes. And even thought she was carrying a pretty heavy course load,
  her grades were very good, which was why she thought Dr. Atkins had singled
  her out for this favor. Dr. Atkins was a favorite with all the girls with his
  exceptional good looks and easy going charm. Janna watched her nipples harden
  under her bra as she thought about him.  
 Touching her nipples through the fabric lightly, she blushed at this unseemly
  behavior. Her Aunt Lucy and Uncle Rick would have a fit if they could see her
  now. Living with them was her parents idea, probably because her folks knew
  they would be protective of her, even though they weren't that much older than
  her. Especially Uncle Rick. He always wanted to know where she was at and who
  she was with. They weren't going to let her housesit, but Dr. Atkins ultimately
  convinced them to change their mind.  
 Unhooking her bra clasp and letting it fall to the floor, Janna critically
  inspected herself in the mirror and sighed. She thought herself as average
  in every way. Her long brown hair was straight with no body at all, her torso
  was slender and her legs were firm and lean. But there was nothing average
  about her breasts. She had even been accused several times of getting a boob-job
  since they were so full and perfectly shaped with small nipples and delicately
  colored areola. She fingered her nipples which had once again grown soft and
  supple. Hardening under her fingers, Janna felt a jolt of electric energy traveling
  from her breasts to her clit, prompting her to continue her stimulation.  
 After a few minutes and, as usual, not getting any real relief from this
  type of activity, Janna went to her bag to get her nightgown. As she pulled
  out the girlish garment, a wicked thought went through her mind. There was
  nobody here. What if she just sat around in her panties?!? Clutching the gown
  to her chest, Janna looked toward the door, her heart racing with&hellip; Fear?
  Excitement? Both? But she would still take the gown with her. Just in case.  
 Collecting the stack of books she had left on the table in the hallway,
  Janna made her way to the living room. Walking through the house with no top
  on left her feeling exhilarated! Positioning herself on the couch, she picked
  up the art book she had been looking at in the office and turned to a section
  which depicted a woman with several men. As Janna studied the graphic artwork,
  her hand made its way down to her crotch to find her dripping wet clit. With
  her legs splayed out over the couch and coffee table, Janna looked at the woman
  in the picture being taken by five men simultaneously, rubbing her sensitive
  and juicy clit button until she was moaning with pleasure. She imagined herself
  as that woman. A man's huge cock in her mouth, one in her cunt, one in her
  ass, and two men sucking and squeezing her tender nipples.  
 Janna was so absorbed in her own pleasure that she had not heard the back
  door slide open or the soft footsteps approaching her. The intruder watched
  her silently, waiting for just the right moment. Just as she was about to climax,
  he spoke.  
 "Well, well. What do we have here?"  
 Janna nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard his voice and was mortified
  as she watched Dr. Atkins cross the room to turn on a lamp next to her, which
  only illuminated her naked breasts and sopping wet panties even more, and then
  reached over to pick up the open art book she had been perusing. Her heart
  was pounding in fright and the aftermath of her near explosive but interrupted
  orgasm. She sat up, reaching for the nightgown which had fallen on the floor,
  and hurriedly pulled it over her head, buttoning the front with nervous anxiety.  
 Dr. Atkins had taken a seat in the recliner across from her and was studying
  the young woman. She really was very pretty, and those tits! He had wanted
  them in his mouth the moment he had laid eyes on her. He remained quiet for
  a few minutes, waiting to see what the girl's reaction would be to his presence
  and to the deafening silence that overwhelmed the room. When he saw that she
  was going to remain silent and motionless, he spoke.  
 "I see you found my book collection. I am very fond of these and would not
  be happy if they were mistreated." Dr. Atkins waited for some response and
  when he received none continued, "Did you hear me?"  
 "Yes sir" Janna replied miserably.  
 "I see the book has not been mistreated, so all is well" Dr. Atkins said,
  satisfied with her response. And then, "Janna, have you ever been fucked?"  
 He said it so matter-of-factly that Janna thought she didn't hear him correctly.
  Her head snapped up and she looked at him for a moment before casting her eyes
  down again in embarrassment.  
 Dr. Atkins spoke again, sternly this time, "Janna, answer me. Have you ever
  been fucked?"  
 "No" whispered the fretful young woman.  
 "Has anybody ever touched your tits?" he continued.  
 "Yes" whispered Janna.  
 "Have you ever sucked on a cock?"  
 "Yes"  
 Dr. Atkins was very pleased with the way the questioning was going. "Janna,
  look at me and tell me how your tits were touched and when and where you sucked
  cock."  
 Waiting again for a few moments for the girl to reply, he again said sharply, "Now,
  Janna."  
 Janna raised her head and Dr. Atkins saw the flush which went from her cheeks
  to the tips of her very hard nipples. Her eyes were watery as she started speaking.  
 "My cousins were all playing with each other and told me to join them. It
  was only for a few minutes and nothing really happened. One of my cousins put
  his penis in my mouth&hellip;"  
 "His what?" Dr. Atkins interrupted. "You mean his cock?"  
 "Yes, his cock" Janna continued miserably. "He put his cock in my mouth
  but only for a few seconds."  
 "There were no others?" Dr. Atkins asked.  
 "There was a boy in high school who wanted to suck on my breasts&hellip; my
  tits."  
 "Did it feel good?" Dr. Atkins pressed.  
 "No."  
 Dr. Atkins contemplated the girl and her responses before continuing. "Janna,
  it occurs to me that you're ready to be sexually active, but I'm concerned
  that you might not learn the proper techniques from boys your own age who think
  of nothing but their own pleasure." Taking a deep breath, Atkins knew the next
  statement would make or break his plans. "Janna, I will show you how to be
  sexual. I will teach you how to receive and give pleasure. You can learn things
  here that you might never get to learn anywhere else."  
 Allowing his words to sink in, Atkins watched the girl closely. Janna's
  heart was beating so loudly that it was drowning her own thoughts. Somewhat
  dazed, she looked at Dr. Atkins, trying unsuccessfully to think of a reason
  to say no. But her body, still hot with the passion, pressed her answer.  
 "Well?" Dr. Atkins asked.  
 "Yes" Janna replied softly.  
 Very pleased, Dr. Atkins spoke sternly, "Yes what?"  
 "Yes, I would like you to show me, to teach me how to be sexual" Janna responded,
  again self-conscious of her predicament and her shameful desires.  
 "Come here then" Atkins commanded.  
 Rising from the couch, Janna approached her professor.  
 "Sit on my lap facing me."  
 Janna raised her nightgown slightly to allow her legs to be spread across
  Atkins' lap. Adjusting herself, Janna wondered what in the world the professor
  could have in his pocket that could be so hard. Then it occurred to her that
  she was sitting on his hard cock, and though it was still tucked safely in
  his pants, she was shocked at its presence beneath her warm, sticky crotch.  
 Atkins smiled, knowing what she had just discovered. "Janna, look at me." As
  soon as she looked up he continued. "I will not do anything tonight against
  your will. Everything we do will be what you want, what you desire. Do you
  understand?"  
 After Janna nodded, Atkins set about resolving his first desire. "Janna,
  would you like me to play with your tits?" Again, Janna nodded. "Then open
  your gown so that I can see them."  
 Janna slowly unbuttoned the gown which laid the garment open to her slim
  waist. Shyly, she opened it exposing her perfect breasts to the professor.  
 Atkins watched in excitement, but curbed his lusts knowing that he might
  lose the bigger prize if he went too fast. "Now what?" he asked.  
 Janna looked at him with some surprise. "Tell me what you want me to do?" Atkins
  said gently.  
 Janna spoke timidly "Will you rub them?"  
 "What?" Atkins asked.  
 "Will you rub my tits, and squeeze them?" she said, this time a little more
  clearly.  
 Atkins reached up and cupped the perfectly shaped mounds. As he squeezed
  her small, hard nipples between his thumb and forefinger, he asked "34C?"  
 "36C" was her response, her eyes now shut as she reveled in the new sensations.  
 Atkins was very much enjoying the scene in front of him. Janna, with her
  eyes closed, was rocking on his lap, stimulating his cock even more that it
  already was (if that was possible!). Her nightgown had now ridden up and was
  bunched up around her waist, allowing him to feel the warmth of her wet snatch.  
 Janna had been touching his hands lightly as he stimulated her breasts,
  something which the professor would have to correct.  
 "Janna, you must not interfere with what I'm doing. Move your hands away." Janna's
  hands went to her lap, but only for a moment. When her hands were raised again,
  Atkins said again firmly, "Janna, move your hands or you will be punished."  
 Janna's eyes flew open and she stared at the professor in shock, but nonetheless
  her hands went to her sides and were now clutching the bunched fabric of her
  gown. After a few minutes of working over Janna's sensitive breasts, Atkins
  was pleased to see her hands going up again, almost of their own accord. Once
  her fingers came into contact with his hands, he stopped abruptly.  
 "Janna!" Janna looked at him, realizing what she had done. "I told you that
  if you moved your hands you would be punished. Get up."  
 Janna immediately moved from the professor's lap. "Take that thing off" he
  commanded and waited as she complied. "Lie across my lap."  
 At this, Janna hesitated. Atkins spoke to her sternly, "It will be worse
  the longer you wait, or would you rather I take you home right now?"  
 This would really test her willingness to subject to his and her own desires
  Atkins thought to himself. As she stepped to his side and bent over his lap
  he nearly laughed out loud with glee but, keeping his outward composure, explained
  the punishment.  
 "You have done well and I am pleased with you, so your punishment will not
  be harsh, however, when I tell you to do something, you must do it or you will
  be punished. Do you understand?"  
 As soon as Janna nodded her head affirmatively, Atkins raised is hand and
  brought it down on the girls soft, quivering backside. After five whacks, she
  was allowed to rise.  
 When she was standing in front of him once more, he explained another rule. "When
  you have been punished, you may thank me for punishing you rather than sending
  you away like a bad child."  
 Her lower lip quivering and her eyes moist, Janna softly murmured "thank
  you for my punishment."  
 Smiling at her, he took her hand, squeezing it gently. "Good girl. Would
  you like to continue?"  
 Entranced by his smile, Janna shook off the humiliation of the spanking
  and nodded eagerly. She repositioned herself on top of his rock hard cock and
  waited expectantly for Atkins to get back to her breasts.  
 "Janna, this time I will help you not get punished again, but don't expect
  this kind of help very often." Grasping her wrists he pushed her hands toward
  the back of her head. As she intertwined her fingers and rested her palms on
  her neck, Atkins smiled approvingly. "That's right. Do not move them until
  I have given you permission. Do you understand?"  
 Once Janna again nodded affirmatively, Atkins returned to the business at
  hand much preferring her without the nightgown. After a few minutes, he asked "Would
  you like me to suck them?"  
 "Oh, yes" Janna moaned.  
 "Then ask me to" Atkins said softly.  
 Janna pleaded with the professor, "Oh please, would you suck my tits."  
 Atkins started to lean forward but then had another thought. "Janna, look
  at me. I will suck your tit, but you must put it in my mouth."  
 As she leaned forward, Janna started to release her hands for balance but
  thought better of it. She readjusted her position and leaned forward, pressing
  her right nipple into the professor's mouth. He continued pulling and squeezing
  her other breast as he sucked greedily at the morsel she had put into his mouth.
  She was breathing heavily and began moving up and down on him as if she already
  had his huge cock in her tight hole.  
 Atkins didn't stop his activities, now sucking on her left tit while squeezing
  the nipple of her right. Back and forth he went, and up and down she went until
  she her breathing became hard and shallow.  
 "Oh yes. Oh yes. Don't stop. Oh, oh, oh!."  
 But just before she climaxed, Atkins did stop. He wanted her first orgasm
  on his terms, not hers. Slowly she stopped rocking, physically frustrated at
  now having been robbed of two powerful orgasms. As she came to her senses,
  she saw Atkins smiling at her, his hands caressing her now very sensitive nipples.  
 "You did so well, Janna, but there is so much more for you to learn. Are
  you still willing?"  
 Janna nodded her head eagerly. Atkins knew that he had nearly reached a
  point that she would be willing to do anything to be able to climax. And she
  would do things for him, things she probably never thought she would ever do.  
PART II  
 "Janna, you may stand" Atkins directed. While he had eagerly expected Janna
  to release her hands, she had remembered his earlier command and kept them
  clasped behind her neck as she struggled to her feet. Looking at the wet spot
  on his lap, Atkins pointed to the offending stain.  
 "Janna, look what you've done!" although it was not clear what part of the
  stain came from her juices and what part came from his own&hellip; but she
  didn't need to know that.  
 "Come closer" he commanded and when she did "now spread your feet apart&hellip; no,
  wider. Good girl."  
 With her legs in a perfect upside-down V, Atkins reached up and with only
  a thin layer of fabric between his fingers and her sopping wet pussy, he stroked
  her until her eyes were closed and she was again moaning, her hands still clasped
  tightly behind her neck.  
 "Janna, you are obviously ready for much more, but not here. Go to the back
  bedroom and once you get there you may lower your arms and take off your panties.
  Your hands must then go behind your head again and you will lie on the bed,
  face up with your legs spread as they are now. Do you understand."  
 Janna nodded and forced herself to leave the room. "This is crazy, this
  is crazy, this is crazy" she thought to herself. But her body seemed to have
  taken on a will of its own. It was desperate for release and Dr. Atkins was
  so breathtakingly handsome. Taking a deep breath, she approached the door to
  the back bedroom but found it shut. With her hands still clasped behind her
  head, she wondered momentarily if the professor had known it was shut and was
  testing her to see if she would disobey him. She fumbled with her elbows to
  turn the doorknob until finally she was able to push the door open and once
  in the room she turned and saw Atkins watching at her, smiling his approval.  
 About ten minutes later, after making a few calls and putting the living
  room back into order, Dr. Atkins made his own way into the bedroom to find
  Janna laying on her back, her hands still clasped behind her back and her legs
  spread invitingly. He was surprised to see her snatch neatly shaved and when
  he asked about it, she responded that her aunt had suggested she shave to present
  a better appearance in her swim suit.  
 Atkins wasted no time sinking his fingers into her juicy wet slit. Janna
  moaned, arching her back in pleasure which sent those beautiful tits even further
  in the air. This was too much for the professor and without thinking, he climbed
  on the bed in front of Janna's snatch and putting his face down to her fragrant
  clit, began sucking in her juices.  
 Janna was nearly out of her mind with pleasure as orgasm after orgasm swept
  over her. Unbeknownst to her, the professor had been and was continuing to
  spell out 'you are mine' on her clit with his tongue, driving her wild with
  passion. When he finally stopped, she had experienced five mind-blowing orgasms
  that left her panting and wanting more.  
 Atkins got off the bed and ordered Janna to do the same. After undressing,
  he laid down on the bed, his massive cock standing nearly straight up. Janna
  stared at the thing in amazement. The only cocks she had seen were her cousins
  and they weren't nearly this big.  
 "Janna, you may lower your hands. Good, now come back on the bed and kneel
  at my feet."  
 Atkins stretched his long torso and spread his legs. Janna climbed back
  up on the bed and positioned herself between his legs.  
 "Janna, I told you that I would teach you how to receive and give pleasure.
  You have received pleasure, now it's time to give it. Do you understand?"  
 Janna nodded her head. "Good. Now I want you to suck my cock." Janna moved
  timidly closer to the mammoth thing and contemplated its size. Grasping the
  shaft, she moved her head over the head and seeing a drip of cum on its tip,
  licked it away. Atkins nearly blew his wad right there and then as he watched
  this innocent beauty's tongue roll out and lick away his juices.  
 "Good" he managed to croak out. "Now put your mouth over it and start moving
  up and down." Taking her head, he gently pushed her mouth farther down on the
  shaft and then letting it up, pushed her head down again, repeating this until
  she established her own rhythm.  
 Blow jobs were nothing new to Atkins, having been the recipient of many
  from his students. But this one, this one was incredible. Janna's head bobbed
  up and down on his shaft, almost as if she had been doing this her entire life.
  Her small mouth wrapped around his cock tightly as she plunged the tool into
  her throat, occasionally pulling the thing out and greedily licking all around
  it like a lollipop. As far a Janna was concerned, this was nearly as pleasurable
  as getting eaten out. She loved the hardness, the texture, the wet warmth.
  She could do this all day!  
 Finally the professor could hold it in no longer and forcing the girls head
  down on his throbbing cock, exploded his white cream into her mouth and down
  her throat. He was astonished that she didn't choke or gag on his cum, but
  instead took it all down, even appearing to relish it. This girl was either
  born to this or had lied about her experiences.  
 Once he had regained his composure, Atkins pressed Janna accusingly. "You
  have done this before, haven't you?"  
 Janna looked back at him, her eyes opened wide. "Oh no! Was it bad? I could
  do better."  
 Atkins reached up and stroked her hair. "No, Janna. You did fine." Both
  laid together for awhile, comfortably lost in their own thoughts. Finally,
  the professor pulled himself up and went to a chest in the corner of the room.
  He finally came back dumping out his supplies on the bed.  
 "Janna, lay on your back" he ordered the girl who immediately complied.
  Taking the hand closest to him, he wrapped a strap with a self-closure around
  the small appendage and using a clasp attached to the strap, fastened her hand
  to a ring on the bed post that Janna had not noticed until now. Atkins repeated
  the same to her other hand, leaving her arms spread and helpless.  
 Atkins then wrapped her ankles in the same type of fastening, but instead
  of positioning her feet outwardly as she had expected, he fastened a short
  strap to the hook and drawing her leg up, fastened the other end of the strap
  to the same hook on the bed that her wrist was anchored to. After repeating
  the same to the other ankle, Janna was appalled that her crotch was now completely
  exposed and in the cuffs, she was totally vulnerable to whatever the professor
  now had in mind.  
 "Janna, what I will be doing now may seem strange and uncomfortable, but
  I want you to try to go along with it. In the end, you will have a greater
  satisfaction than you dreamed possible, but you must give yourself and me a
  chance. However, if it gets to be too much for you, your safe word is 'Shakespeare'.
  Do you understand?"  
 Janna nodded slowly, still uneasy about the restraints and the reality of
  her fantasy's coming true. She had been climaxing for years from thoughts of
  being in this very situation. And now, her fantasy's were real and the pleasure
  she had already experienced gave her hope that what was to come would be even
  more fantastic.  
 "Good." Atkins was nearly beside himself in seeing this luscious young thing
  tied up and ready for whatever he had to give her.  
 The first toy he presented to her was a small butt-plug made of glass. "You'll
  be glad of this later" he said without further explanation. He lubed the thing
  well and gently but firmly pushed the thing in until it popped into place.
  Janna moaned in pain as her tight ass was invaded by the cold, hard intruder.
  Then went in the ball-gag, a blindfold, and finally headphones from which she
  would be listening to carefully selected music. Atkins wanted Janna to be completely
  dependent on him and aware of only what she could smell and feel.  
 Atkins let Janna get comfortable with the apparatus on and in her for a
  few minutes. Then, without warning, whap! The stinging strips of leather were
  laid on her exposed bottom six, seven, eight. Janna was writhing as the straps
  fell on her, not as hard as they could have been, but nevertheless stinging.
  Then suddenly the whip was gone and Atkins mouth was once again on her sopping
  wet pussy, driving Janna nearly insane with pleasure. But before she could
  climax he stopped, and the whip was again laid on her.  
 This repeated forever as far as Janna was concerned, but in actuality, took
  about 40 minutes until the girl was panting with both pleasure and pain. During
  the last of it, she screamed through the ball gag as the professor laid his
  tongue to her swollen clit bringing her to the brink of climax when he suddenly
  pulled out the small butt-plug and shoved a larger one in. Janna climaxed so
  forcefully that she lifted herself off the bed, nearly pulling out the industrial
  strength bindings that held her feet and legs apart.  
 As she was coming down from her plateau, Atkins released her bound feet,
  but left her wrists attached to the rings at either side of the bed. Janna
  stretched out in relief and ecstasy, her lean body glistening with sweat from
  the magnificent ordeal the professor had put her through. Removing the ball
  gag, blindfold and headphones, Atkins offered the young beauty some bottled
  water, which she eagerly accepted before drifting off to a well-earned nap.  
PART III  
 Janna slowly woke as the professor gently but deeply probed her clit with
  his tongue. Her wrists had been released and she stretched her arms above her
  head, like a contented cat whose belly was getting scratched. Atkins pushed
  his fingers into Janna's cunt, finding it dripping with moisture.  
 "Are you ready for more?" the professor asked, smiling as he toyed with
  the butt-plug still firmly locked in place.  
 "Yes" Janna responded, also smiling. Their last session had left her feeling
  like she had been in a cataclysmic orgasmic trainwreck, leaving her physically
  incapacitated. And even now, she was amazed at her own desires, astonished
  that her physical and sensual needs could be so overwhelming.  
 "Good" Atkins responded. "Get up."  
 Janna slowly climbed off the bed, expecting that her used body would be
  sore and tender, but her youth made her resilient and durable &ndash; and wanting
  more. As she stood, she could feel the butt-plug riding up inside her, which
  made her squirm with pleasure. Without being told her hands resumed their position
  behind her head.  
 Atkins laid on the bed, his cock once again standing nearly straight up
  in anticipation of the cunt that would soon be encasing it.  
 "Suck my cock" Atkins commanded and at once, Janna was on the bed, her beautiful
  mouth around the huge pole. After a minute or so, Atkins stopped her and asked
  her gently "Do you want to fuck?"  
 "Oh yes" Janna breathed.  
 "Then fuck me" the professor commanded.  
 Janna, her hands still behind her head, climbed up on the professors lean
  hips, raising her body over his massive cock and then lowering her wet hole
  gently until the head had just entered the space. Despite his urges to plunge
  his tool upward into the virgin pussy, Atkins stayed still, letting Janna do
  her work.  
 Once the professor's cock had started to stretch her unused snatch painfully,
  Janna raised her body up, and then tried again to lower herself on the massive
  beast.  
 "Its too big" she cried out as she lifted herself again.  
 "Its not, you'll see" Atkins said gently, this time holding her hips while
  pressing up inside of her. Little by little, her hole took in his enormous
  cock until she was sitting on his belly, feeling his member moving inside of
  her, pressing against the plug still secure in her other hole. As she sat still,
  trying to get adjusted to both the cock and butt-plug inside of her, Janna
  felt a sharp pain on her nipple. She gasped as she saw a clamp on one of her
  hard nipples and watched as Atkins was about to fasten a clamp on the other.
  Atkins kneaded the fleshy part of her breasts, making her more aware of the
  pain the clamps were causing and then without realizing it, she found herself
  raising and lowering her hips on the professor's cock, recognizing the pain
  caused by the clamps was increasing the intensity of pleasure in her cunt.  
 Breathing heavily, she rode Atkins cock up and down until she was nearly
  out of her mind with pleasure. She had already climaxed several times, particularly
  at the moment when the professor had suddenly pulled the clamps off her nipples,
  creating red sparks of pain which collided with the waves of pleasure sent
  from deep within her pussy. Not long after pulling the clamps off, Atkins had
  turned Janna over and was pumping her pussy hard from behind, like a stud pumping
  his bitch. Finally, Atkins shuddered as he released his own passion into the
  steaming wet hole afterwhich they both fell asleep, content in each others
  arms, both dreaming of what pleasures would be to come.  
PART IV  
 The next day was filled with leisurely sex games and fucking. Janna had
  graduated to the largest butt-plug the professor owned and had been consumed
  in ecstasy when he had introduced her to other pleasure/pain devices, including
  breast binding and hot wax. Of course there were more spankings and whippings,
  after which the professor had sucked and fucked her into mind-blowing orgasms.  
 He had allowed her to nap during the afternoon in preparation of their activities
  during the coming evening. She was almost too excited to sleep but eventually
  drifted off into deep slumber. Late in the afternoon, after being wakened by
  Dr. Atkins tongue against her wet clit, she showered and freshened up for the
  evenings games.  
 Dr. Atkins knew that Janna was aware that her final virginal hole would
  be plundered tonight, so there was no use in talking to her about it. Bending
  her over at the waist, he played with her snatch until her juices were flowing,
  which didn't take long. Putting two, then three, then four fingers into her
  cunt, he began pumping her with his hand while playing with the butt-plug.
  Just as she was about to explode, he rammed his fingers into her cunt hole
  and jerked the plug out of her anal hole which nearly sent her to the floor
  in wave after wave of orgasm.  
 As she was still in the midst of her intense orgasm, he plunged his thick
  cock into her ass, and began riding her even as he heard her screaming in pain.
  He could feel the muscles contracting from her orgasm which made the ass fuck
  all the more pleasurable to him, and to her as well. As she started to move
  in rhythm with him, crashing against his cock, she began pleading with him.  
 "OH YES! OH YES!" she screamed. "HARDER! DEEPER! OH YES, HARDER!" as he
  rammed his cock into her ass over and over until they both were spent.  
 Much later, after they had cleaned themselves up and had a bite to eat,
  they were both ready for more. As with the night before, she was outfitted
  with a blindfold, ball-gag, and headphones and, since their activities were
  apparently going to be in the living room, a collar was placed around her neck
  to which her cuffed wrists were fastened behind her head by a clip. The final
  touch was a pair of high-heeled shoes which not only were incredibly sexy to
  look at, they also gave her height so that she could be fucked more easily.  
 After spending time nibbling on and sucking each other, the professor had
  seated himself in a tall chair and was in the process of planting his thick
  cock into Janna's still incredibly tight ass, as he held her legs spread wide
  in the crook of his elbow. As he fucked her she moaned in pleasure, and when
  he played with her clit, she wriggled in anticipation of yet another orgasm.
  The realization of how she could have her cunt filled at the same time didn't
  even hit her immediately, she was so engrossed in the pleasure of it. But the
  increased pressure and awareness of two different rhythms brought her out of
  her orgasmic delirium. She was being double fucked!  
 Even as the shock of her situation sank in, the pleasure she was experiencing
  was overcame the humiliation of someone else seeing a cock rammed up her ass.
  As the two cocks continued to slam into her like pistons, she started moaning
  and grinding her body against the two men, aware that she was once again on
  the brink of a mind-shattering climax. As she went over the edge into an orgasmic
  frenzy, her body shook and her muscles contracted so strongly that it was all
  the men could do to not be pull into her completely.  
 After they finished, the stranger and professor pulled their softening cocks
  out of her body and allowed her to slump onto the floor to rest. About 15 minutes
  later, the professor made Janna get up and led her sightlessly to the stranger.
  Forcing her head down, she understood that she was to suck the man's cock,
  which she did with as much eagerness as she had shown the professor. Once the
  strangers cock was hard again, she was made to stand and turn around. Understanding
  now that the stranger also wanted to take her in the ass, she spread her legs
  invitingly, which allowed the man to ease his cock inside of her.  
 As the man began pumping her, she felt a familiar pair of lips on her clit.
  Moaning in the sheer pleasure of having yet another of her most vivid fantasy's
  come true, she climaxed twice before the stranger finally deposited his own
  load inside her newly broken nether region. After pulling himself out of her
  ass, the stranger then took his turn at her clit, sucking and fucking her with
  his tongue. As she was coming close to climaxing again, the professor slipped
  off the headphones, ball-gag and finally the blindfold just as she was at the
  peak of yet another explosive orgasm. Only after she had once again lost herself
  to her desires did she look at the man sucking greedily at her clit.  
 Uncle Rick!!!  
 The End (???)  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  suz m


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





