BDSM Library - The Baroness and the Woodshed




The Baroness and the Woodshed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short vignette about a Baroness who craves the harshest discipline from the best dominatrix in Germany during weekly sessions in the woodshed.The Baroness and the Woodshed   
By Stephanie Von Essen   
   
A short vignette about a Baroness who craves the harshest discipline
      from the best dominatrix in Germany during weekly sessions in the woodshed.   
Eva, you and I have quite a trip to the woodshed in store for you. We have
  both become quite wet from thinking about your planned session all morning.
  You will receive the discipline you have been craving from the best dominatrix
  in Germany.  
Although you are a Baroness and extremely wealthy, you demand the harshest
  discipline. The Baron believes that you are the most beautiful after an afternoon
  in the woodshed. You and the Baron have obtained the services of me, Stephanie
  Von Essen, to provide you with the complete and thorough punishment which you
  deem you deserve.  
You have much experience in the woodshed since we have gone there every Saturday
  for your sessions. It is cold and snowing outside and the woodshed is across
  the landscaped garden. It is a perfect day to toughen your body all over so
  you can withstand longer and harsher sessions in the woodshed.  
You will strip down to your tiny white thong for an hour of hard exercise
  in the snow and cold before you face the woodshed. I have told you often that
  I want my girls to be rail thin and you still have to lose several kilos.  
During the weeks between our sessions, you have been told to exercise at
  least an hour outside in the snow every day. While the Baron sleeps in his
  palatial bedroom, you have been required to sleep every night in an unheated
  room in the attic with all the windows open. You are allowed just a single
  sheet and you can wear only your tiny, tiny thong. You frequently waken with
  a layer of frost on you tummy and breasts. You also have been required to take
  a freezing shower for at least 15 minutes in the morning and again before you
  go to bed at night. All this time in the cold is to toughen your body and increase
  your threshold of pain for the lash.  
The temperature today is just perfect to exercise in the snow, a pleasant &ndash;15
  degrees C (+5 F). I will be wearing long leather boots and my black leather
  corset, which leaves my bountiful breasts and sex completely bare, under my
  full length mink coat, which I have purchased with the fees you paid for our
  weekly sessions. I will be as warm as toast while you freeze in your miniscule
  thong.  
We will start 200 sit-ups in the snow. You will lower that delectable derriere
  of yours into the cold snow and start crunching. The snow feels wonderfully
  cold as you lower your back and long blond hair into every time, on every crunch.
  Your tiny white thong blends beautifully with the pristine snow as it divides
  your rump. Your tiny thong is so small it doesn't prevent snow from entering
  your cleft as you crunch. As we agreed, anytime you slow, I will tummy whip
  you.  
After you have completed the 200 sit-ups, it is time to turn over and do
  200 push-ups in the snow. Your nipples have become even longer and harder in
  the bitter cold. You will lower your breasts in the snow on each push- up until
  each of your 37E globes is covered. You will then lift your torso so your long
  nipples are at least 25 centimeters (10 inches) off the ground. There is a
  meter stick in the snow next to your breasts so every movement is measured
  with precision. You will be whipped hard across your derriere anytime there
  isn't a full extension or you slow.  
Watching your body being completely red from all the exercise in the snow,
  makes me want to join for an extra 100 push-ups. I will remove my coat and
  take a position next to you in my leather corset and long boots which reach
  half-way to my gorgeous thighs.  
We both enjoy doing push-ups in the snow to punish our wet pussies. Your
  tiny thong divides your labia minora. As we lower our nether regions, the frost
  snow feels so brutally cold on our clits. The snow enters our labia majoras
  and melts on the way into our wombs. It is our special way of disciplining
  our slits for all the pleasure they bring us.  
After our joint push-ups it is time to do jumping jacks. Your 37E mounds
  bounce so well on each movement. Your large pink areolas, are deep red from
  the cold matching the rest of your body. Your mounds jiggle and bounce on each
  movement, but especially when they are caressed by my lash so that you move
  faster.  
It is then time to run around the garden for 15 minutes. The gardens are
  truly lovely in the hills around Garmish. The Alps rise majestically above
  your estate. Your large manor house was built in the 19 th  century,
  but has every modern convenience. When a new woodshed was built for our sessions,
  all the servants wondered and especially why it is always locked. They also
  wonder why they hear occasional screams from it.  
You look so beautiful when you run in the snow. Your long legs go on forever
  leading to your delightful derriere. Your two cheeks are as red as apples in
  the bitter cold. Your long blond hair glistens as the snowflakes fall on it.
  Your generous 37E's swing on every step. You enjoy the harsh slap of your large
  globes against your chest as much as I enjoy watching them.  
After running nearly 4 kilometer (2 miles) it is back to our position near
  the woodshed for some leg raises. I will attach a silver chain around each
  ankle that leads to a strong clamp on each nipple. As you lower your legs,
  the chain will pull on your long nipples. Though your nipples are almost numb
  from the cold, they will be disciplined every time your lower legs.  
During your leg raises, you will keep them as far apart as possible. Your
  delectable derriere will dig into the ground, as your labia spreads apart with
  your lovely white thong dividing your nether region. By spreading your legs,
  you also will create the best target of opportunity for my lash. You will be
  severely slit whipped anytime you slow on your leg raises.  
Once you have been worked long and hard in the snow, it is time to finally
  enter your wonderful woodshed. It has been built as we agreed, and every type
  of device is here. The woodshed is unheated in winter, but it feels like a
  greenhouse after our long exercise session in the snow.  
 It is time for me to shed my mink coat. My sex is dripping from just watching
  you in the snow while thinking of how you will be punished in the woodshed.
  It also is time to strip off your tiny white thong. Your thong is icy, not
  just from the snow, but from your precious juices.  
At every session, Eva you desire to confess your sins. You feel that my punishing
  you for each transgression will purge you of your guilt. You pay handsomely
  to confess your sins and be punished. You desire each session to be harder
  and more thorough as you feel a deeper and deeper need also to pay with your
  shameful body for all your sins. I believe, however, the sessions in the woodshed
  are not for exculpation, but because you love the pain. You are at your best
  when your derriere and slit are whipped without mercy.  
 I first will tie you to the padded sawhorse and use my riding crop. Your
  taut tummy has provided a fine patina on the rich Corinthian leather of the
  sawhorse. As usual, I will start off with my riding crop. I will drive it across
  your derriere and you will call out every stroke and thank me. If you lose
  count we will start again at zero. Fifty strikes is usually a good start to
  warming up your delightful derriere.  
 Next there will be the paddle. It is made of mahogany and your have kept
  it polished to a high gloss with your very own sweat from its frequent use
  on you. You truly enjoy the loud sound it makes as it pounds into your sweet
  derriere. The woodshed fills with the music of your cries and the smack of
  the paddle.  
 It is so marvelous that the bamboo canes have been soaking all morning in
  the woodshed. They are more pliant and painful that way. They will mark your
  inner thighs and thence your derriere as the next fifty strokes are applied.  
 It then will be time to suspend you by just your wrists from one of the
  ceiling beams of the woodshed. When you are suspended, your generous globes
  are even better displayed. Your long blonde hair would cover your magnificent
  37E's if it wasn't tied back. You will look more wonderful as you lose a few
  more kilos by exercising in the snow every day. Then your ribs will be more
  prominent over the flatter valley of your tummy leading to your sex.  
Your bountiful breasts deserve 50 on each globe with the long leather whip.
  Your nipples already are hard before I even strike them. They will be much
  longer and raw from our session. During some sessions, I will administer 20
  or 30 strokes to one breast before I start on the other. It is the randomness
  of my strokes that creates enchanting anticipation before the lash administers
  enduring pain. You truly enjoy the way I make your areolas burn with desire.
  Often you will cry out for more strokes to your globes as you are chastised.
  Your sex continues to drip from the pleasure and excitement..  
The Baron likes caressing your 37E mounds when they are freshly marked. Often,
  between our Saturday sessions, the Baron will tie you to the columns of his
  four poster bed and have your maid whip your breasts. He enjoys seeing you
  writhe in your chains as red stripes cross your mounds and lengthen your nipples.  
I will retie you so that you bent backward over the horse with your legs
  fully spread. I became a great dominatrix by being able to peel a grape with
  my whip at a distance of 5 meters (15 feet). Your slit is a far more tempting
  target than your glorious globes as your sex receives fifty of my best. Your
  howls will carry all the way to the manor house. Fortunately your husband,
  the Baron, works most Saturdays at his investment company in Munich. He gave
  me a Porsche for Christmas as a reward for making your entire body especially
  well marked.  
 The Baron also built the woodshed to store rough mahogany planks that will
  be made into a beautiful desk by some of the finest woodcarvers in the Alps.
  Eva, each plank will be smoothed and polished in a very special way.  
 The planks currently are rough sawn and have many splinters. Each plank
  is cut in the form of a wedge that comes to a sharp point and slowly tapers.
  Such a plank is placed on two beams so that the sharp point is up-right. The
  plank is placed at a height where you can straddle it when you are on the very
  tips of your toes. In your ballet classes, Eva, you practiced being en
  pointe  while dancing. Now you will be en pointe  with
  your legs on each side of the plank. Your hands are chained to the ceiling,
  but do not provide any support.  
 The plank provides fantastic discipline for your entire body. Anytime you
  are not perfectly en pointe,   Eva, your sex will be divided
  by the rough plank. When you tire, the only rest will be by lowering yourself
  onto the rough edge. There isn't any protection for your slit from the sharp
  edge and rough texture of the boards. No woodshed anywhere in the world could
  be better decorated than by the Baroness being on the plank punishment pony
  standing en pointe  for hours.  
 Once you are in position, then you pendulous 37E's globes will receive another
  treat that they have been waiting for. They are already sore from my introductory
  strokes when you entered the woodshed. More strokes will make your mounds larger
  and harder. I will strike each of them twenty five times as you count our progress.  
 After you have been breast whipped, you will then you will have time alone
  all afternoon in the woodshed to contemplate your fate. Your pussy will rub
  against the rough wood anytime you are not perfectly en pointe  .
  Very slowly over many sessions, your sex and dripping juices will rub the plank
  until it is smooth and polished. The Baron delights in knowing how each centimeter
  of his new desk has been smoothed and polished by the slit of his beautiful
  wife.  
 Since it is winter, you will be in the woodshed for only three hours to
  avoid frost bite. I will return every hour to warm a part of your body with
  my whip. Your generous 37 E's will be disciplined often by all the devices
  in the woodshed. Your derriere will be paddled as you remain perfectly en
  pointe.   Your tummy will be whipped often since lashing firms it
  to make it tauter and tinier. Anytime you fail to be on tips of your toes,
  your sex will be divided by the rough planks.  
Our sessions in the woodshed are much longer in the summer. The woodshed
  then becomes a sweatbox due to the sun pounding down on the black roof. The
  temperature soars to above 55 degrees C (130 F) for most of the day. The woodshed
  becomes a sauna. You look magnificent as rivers of your sweat flow down your
  globes, across your taut tummy and onto the rough planks. Every hour I return
  to the woodshed to torment a different part of your shapely body. It is so
  hot in the woodshed that I must be nude while I tan your hide with my whip.  
Last summer you polished many more planks as you were en pointe  .
  Wasn't it glorious then spending from dawn to dusk for two entire weeks in
  the woodshed polishing planks while the Baron was away on a business trip to
  China?  
 Once you are released from your restraints in the woodshed, you will return
  to the manor. Your maid will bathe you and prepare you for tonight's dinner
  party. You will be tightly corseted to fit into your sleek evening dress that
  displays your generous globes and delightful derriere to their best advantage.  
 As usual I will be joining you for tonight's festivities. The food is always
  wonderful and your guests so chic. The Baron has such a great wine cellar and
  dinners go on for hours. Dinners at the manor often turn into the most incredible
  orgies. As the evening progresses you will be stripped so all your charms are
  best displayed.  
 Although the guests have frequently seen you toute nue,   they
  still marvel at well marked form. They are always delighted when you demonstrate
  your prowess at taking the lash. Once the butler and maid tie you between the
  columns in the dining room, I will discipline your body from head to toe with
  the lash to entertain the distinguished guests. Your generous globes, delightful
  derriere, taut tummy and sensational sex will all be lashed with renewed vigor.
  All the strokes are far more painful since you have spent the entire afternoon
  in the woodshed. Your pussy is especially sensitive since you have been polishing
  planks while en pointe.    
 The Baron truly enjoys demonstrating the incredible beauty of the Baroness,
  especially when she is well marked from an afternoon in the woodshed.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stephanie Von Essen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





