BDSM Library - Group Project




Group Project
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rivalry over a school project grouping leads to some painful experiences.Warning   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF NC Spank Rape  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
 
Chapter 1. The project   
&quot;I'm not working with that scar faced little runt!&quot; Sarah Beckinsall
  declared loudly when she arrived late for the lesson, &quot;You'll just have
  to swap me with someone else. I was at a prefects meeting with the headmaster
  and he kept us over time so I couldn't get here for the start of the lesson.&quot;  
Miss Jameson stood and glared. Distaste written all over her face. All work
  and talking in the classroom ceased. All eyes on her, waiting for her reaction.
  Had it been one of the male teachers, Sarah might have gotten away with it
  but not with Miss Jameson. Everyone knew she wouldn't tolerate that kind of
  outburst, not even from a prefect, not even from Sarah Beckinsall. Her teaching
  methods were rather old fashioned, strict but she always tried to be fair. &quot;Sarah
  Beckinsall,&quot; she said ominously quietly, &quot;I cannot believe anyone,
  let alone a prefect, would behave in such a disgusting and revolting manner.
  I am ashamed of you and you ought to be ashamed of yourself. You are very fortunate
  to have been blessed with a good appearance and haven't suffered any serious
  traumas or pain, and yet you see fit to vilify a boy who has suffered greatly.&quot; Miss
  Jameson went on in like quiet manner for five minutes or more causing Sarah
  to shuffle her feet and go red in the face. Finally the teacher wound down
  her sermon with the instructions, &quot;Firstly you will publicly apologise
  to Ben here and now and then you will join with him and Nancy to work on the
  group project you've been set. Come out to the front here, face the class and
  let everyone hear your apology in a clear manner and in just as loud a voice
  as your previous utterance.&quot;  
Head down, Sarah walked to the teacher's desk and muttered, &quot;I'm sorry,
  Ben.&quot; She saw the boy looking at her with tears streaming down his face.
  She saw Nancy Mayhew put an arm around his shoulder and thought, &quot;Fat
  bitch. She's no better than he is.&quot;  
&quot;Is that all?&quot; queried Miss Jameson. Sarah nodded indicating it
  was. &quot;Then you had better see me at end of school today and we'll discuss
  it further. Now join the other two in your group and let's have no more of
  this nonsense.&quot;  
The object of Sarah's derision was Benjamin Jones, more frequently called,
  'Hop-along' or 'Kinky-cock' by many schoolchildren. At the age of three when
  his baby-sitter was answering the phone, he'd climbed out of a bedroom window
  and fell through a glass conservatory roof lacerating his body in the most
  horrific manner. Surgeons at Gt. Ormond Street Children's Hospital in London
  fought for weeks to save his life and they did, but Ben wondered many times
  in his early years, if they had done the right thing. Scars, which grew with
  him, covered his face and most of his body. The drugs he'd been given to reduce
  the pain severely stunted his growth so he was by far the smallest in his class
  and the multiple fractures in his right leg made it shorter than the left and
  caused him walk with a limp. Hence the cruel nickname Hop-along.  
His other nickname was again derived from the accident. His tiny penis was
  badly cut by the shards and although the surgeons had restored it to full functionality,
  it had a slight sideways kink near the centre of its length. It was really
  only noticeable when it was erect but one day in the showers, a loud mouth
  lad had seen it and broadcast the news to his classmates who then gathered
  round to make fun of the lad. However, perhaps because of the stretching the
  surgeons did in his infancy, his penis was a little bigger than average and
  seemed even larger on a boy of small stature.  
The surgeons wanted to do some skin grafting but his parents wouldn't agree
  to it. They thought the boy had suffered enough pain and the grafts would have
  to be redone as the boy grew. They also believed that his fall was 'an act
  of fate' and done for a purpose, a purpose that possibly wouldn't reveal itself
  until later in life. Throughout his time at school he'd put up with the taunts
  and gibes of his schoolmates. In the early years too, some were even very afraid
  of him because of his bizarre appearance and several times girls had run from
  the room, afraid he was a monster. All this made Benjamin Jones very introverted
  and, of course, the object of much bullying. In fact he rarely spoke unless
  he had to and then he was laughed at because of his lisp.  
Sarah sat with her back to Ben. &quot;What's this project all about then?&quot; she
  asked Nancy. Nancy passed her the instructions.  
&quot;You are to design a bridge that will span a gap of 45 cms.
      between two desks and support a weight of at least 1 kg. The only materials
      allowed for the construction are: newspaper, glue and string.   
The project is specifically a group one and the input of all three
      members of each team must be clearly seen in the design and construction
      stages as well as in the folder.   
Marks will be awarded not only for the ability to support the required
      weight, but also for the aesthetic quality of the design.   
A folder must be produced showing all your design ideas and source
      material. 50% of the marks will be for the folder regardless of whether
      the bridge passes the test.&quot;   
&quot;God that woman comes up with some pretty shitty ideas,&quot; Sarah
  commented quietly, noting the teacher was out of earshot.  
&quot;It's to make us think of ways round a problem,&quot; Nancy answered. &quot;We
  have to think of ways to make a flimsy material strong enough to support a
  weight.&quot;  
&quot;It'll have to be pretty strong to support your weight!&quot; Sarah
  sarcastically replied.  
Nancy was indeed a large girl. Tall, buxom and when people were being kind
  they used the phrase, 'well padded'. Despite her size she was unassuming and
  quiet. Later, as they worked on the project, they became affectionately known
  as the Laurel and Hardy group.  
&quot;I think we ought to start by looking for a book on bridge design,&quot; ventured
  Ben.  
&quot;Who pulled your chain?&quot; snarled Sarah. &quot;I will take over
  the leadership here and Nancy can help and you can do any of the little jobs
  we think your puny mind and body is capable of Kinky-Cock.&quot; Tears rolled
  down Ben's face again.  
Miss Jameson came over. &quot;Is everything all right? She isn't upsetting
  you again is she Ben?&quot; Ben shook his head.  
Nancy looked directly at Sarah. &quot;Yes she is Miss. Please put her in
  another group.&quot;  
&quot;You&hellip;&quot; Sarah started.  
&quot;Sorry I can't do that now Nancy. All the others have started work.&quot; She
  turned to Sarah, &quot;I shall have a few more words to say to you later young
  lady.&quot; She walked back to her desk and watched them from there.  
&quot;I'll get you both later,&quot; Sarah hissed.  
Nothing more was said and nothing was done on the project until Miss Jameson
  came back. &quot;Sarah you obviously believe you are better than Ben and can
  design and built a bridge to the specification without his help. Is that so?&quot;  
Sarah thought there was going to be a catch but said, &quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;Ben, I guess you'd prefer to do the project without Sarah's input.&quot; Ben
  nodded. &quot;What I am going to suggest is that you and Sarah have a little
  competition to see who can build the bridge that takes the most load. At assessment
  time, we'll test both bridges to destruction rather that seeing if they will
  take the one kilogram weight. Would you both agree to that?&quot; Both said, &quot;Yes,
  miss,&quot; in unison.  
&quot;What about me miss?&quot; Nancy asked.  
&quot;You have a choice Nancy. You can choose which of the two you want to
  partner but once you've chosen, there's no changing back.&quot;  
&quot;I don't want her helping me,&quot; cut in Sarah.  
&quot;It's her choice.&quot;  
&quot;I'd rather work with Ben anyway, miss.&quot;  
&quot;Very well. Perhaps it will be as well if next time you and Ben sit
  on the other side of the room so you don't get accused of stealing Sarah's
  ideas.&quot; The teacher had a fair idea that the stealing might well be the
  other way round. Ben and Nancy might only be good 'B' stream kids but Ben was
  very practical with his hands and ideas. Academically, Sarah was a top 'A'
  stream girl but she doubted her ability to produce a construction that would
  hold together without help.  
The lunch bell went and Miss Jameson called for silence before releasing
  her class. &quot;Before next week, I want you to do some research on possible
  designs or design ideas ready for inserting in your folders. I know some groups
  have started to do this already but I wish to see further progress before next
  time.&quot;  
&quot;Thanks for siding with me Nancy,&quot; Ben said quietly. &quot;Would
  you like to come to the library after your meal and see what information there
  is in there?&quot;  
&quot;Sorry, the only book we have on bridges was checked out a while ago
  and various others have asked for it too.&quot; The librarian was apologetic, &quot;Sorry
  we didn't know in advance that this project was coming up. You could try the
  main library in town but I've already suggested others try there so I wouldn't
  hold out too much hope. You could try the Internet.&quot;  
Outside they ran into Sarah flanked by two of the rugby team. &quot;Well
  isn't that piece of shit that got me in trouble with Jammy Jamie. You got Knockers
  Nancy to hold your hand Wimpy?&quot;  
&quot;Leave him alone Sarah. It's your own fault. Get your own back by making
  a better bridge than us, otherwise we'll have the laugh on you.&quot;  
&quot;Heh Sarah, why don't you up the stakes a little?&quot; Pete, on of
  the rugby players suggested. &quot;Sarah, if you win, you get to put that baby
  boy over your lap and give him a bare arse spanking and I get to screw Nancy.&quot;  
&quot;No way,&quot; Nancy cut in.  
&quot;And if the wimp team wins, which I'm sure they won't,&quot; he gave
  a laugh, &quot;Wimp boy gets to screw you in your bed for an hour.&quot;  
&quot;And I get to spank her arse first!&quot; Nancy stated. Ben was surprised
  she was even considering the idea.  
&quot;Are we agreed?&quot; Pete asked. Ben shook his head, no, but Nancy
  went for it and Pete, Sarah and her other friend decided it would be a laugh
  so they ignored Ben's objection.  
&quot;Why did you do that?&quot; Ben asked.  
&quot;Because I'd like to see her taken down a peg or two and I think we
  stand the best chance. Sarah's a clever clogs and might do a super folder but
  the test is on the strength of the bridge. My dad's a civil engineer so I'll
  enlist his help and you're good at making things so we could do well. And maybe
  I wouldn't mind Pete screwing me,&quot; Nancy added with a laugh.  
Chapter 2. Waylaid   
&quot;Mum, this is Nancy. We've got an important school project to do together
  on bridges. Can we see what information there is on the Net?&quot;  
His mother allowed him half an hour then his father would be in for dinner.
  She wondered quite what was going on. Ben never brought anyone home, let along
  a girl that was so much bigger than he was. &quot;Perhaps he is getting on
  better at school now,&quot; she thought. They gleaned a little information
  but decided everyone in the class was probably sourcing the same material. &quot;Let's
  hope dad can come up with something,&quot; Nancy said.  
&quot;I'll get you bastard. Because of you I've been suspended from being
  a prefect. You and Jammy Jameson. You just watch out or I'll give you one helluva
  hiding. And don't expect that big lump of a girlfriend to save you either.&quot; Sarah
  spat the words at him as they filed into class next morning.  
He met Nancy at mid morning break but didn't mention the threat. &quot;Dad
  says, can you come round this evening and he'll talk to us about bridges and
  the construction of them. He has this really old book with engraved line pictures
  that scan in really well. Only trouble is he won't let me on his computer to
  use the scanner but he'll do the ones we want and put them on a CD. I think
  he has pictures on there he doesn't want me to see.&quot;  
Bob Mayhew proved a jovial man and welcomed Ben. It was he who first coined
  the Laurel and Hardy phrase for them. He went on to explain in simple terms
  the principle types of bridges and again promised to scan them for the folder
  so they could add comments as to their suitability. They decided on the Sidney
  Harbour Bridge as their prototype. &quot;Your main problem will be to produce
  a tubular arch in newspaper. At the moment I can't think of a way of doing
  it but you might. Now I think it is time you went home young man. I'll give
  you five minutes to say goodnight to each other and then I'm pushing you out
  of the door. No standing on the hall chair, Ben,&quot; Bob laughed when he
  said it, trying to imagine how Ben would kiss his daughter.  
Ben hardly turned the corner before a sack was thrown over his head and he
  felt strong arms carry him. He tried to shout but was quickly silenced by a
  blow to the side of his head. He heard a gate open and then smelled grass.
  He guessed he was in the community playing field. &quot;Get his trousers off.&quot; It
  was Sarah's voice. Ben knew he was in serious trouble. &quot;Give me his belt
  Jim.&quot; That must be Pete's mate thought Ben. His tears were already wetting
  the inside of the sack.  
&quot;Crack!&quot; The belt hit his bare arse and brought forth a yell. &quot;Gag
  him Pete,&quot; Sarah handed him Ben's under pants which were promptly stuffed
  in his mouth. &quot;He knows who it is now so you can leave the sack off.&quot; Held
  down and silenced, Ben sobbed into the gag as Sarah relentlessly lashed the
  belt across his arse until he thought he couldn't take any more. &quot;Turn
  him over boys. Let me have a look at the kinky cock.&quot; Sarah shone a small
  torch on it. It was still soft.  
&quot;They say you have to get it hard to see the bend,&quot; Pete commented.
  Sarah took hold of the flaccid cock and started to wank it and despite not
  wanting to, Ben soon became erect. Sarah slipped off her shorts and knickers.
  Take a good look Kinky-cock. That's all you're going to see of my cunt. We're
  going to make sure you don't win so you won't get that cock in me.&quot; She
  lowered herself until the tip of his cock was very close to her entrance and
  then she let forth a stream of urine. It washed over his cock and then she
  moved higher so the lower half of his shirt was soaked. The boys were laughing
  and joking at the sight. &quot;Your turn Pete. I'll hold it for you.&quot; She
  did and directed the stream of piss on Ben's face and over his shirt. Jim's
  turn followed. Ben was now soaked with piss.  
&quot;Just so you don't think of going to the police or anything, remember
  we know where your girlfriend lives and there's a good number of boys who'd
  like to give her a good fucking.&quot; Sarah picked up the belt again and lashed
  it many times in a fury across his front catching his cock with frequent blows.
  He passed out.  
When he came too the others had gone and so were his trousers and pants.
  He stood with difficulty and painfully made his way in the darkness to the
  gate. Fortunately he knew where he was and he would almost have to pass Nancy's
  house again. &quot;I can't go there, not like this and yet my house is so far
  away. I hurt so badly. Perhaps I'll just lie here.&quot;  
&quot;Here he is!&quot; Ben blinked as a torch shone in his face. &quot;My
  God, what happened to you. You've been whipped and you stink worse than the
  school loos.&quot; Nancy's voice showed her concern as she picked him up and
  started to walk along the road. Other voices joined hers but they quickly faded
  to a blur. When he next came to, he was in a strange bathroom and Nancy was
  pulling the rest of his clothing off. He heard water running.  
Bob and his wife came in. Ben was too out of it to be embarrassed. &quot;Do
  you want a hand Nancy? I'm not sure you ought to be in here alone with a naked
  boy.&quot;  
&quot;Don't be silly daddy. Even if I was a virgin, Ben's in no condition
  to do anything.&quot; Ben tried to speak but only stammered a few words. In
  times of stress his lisp worsened.  
&quot;Your mum and dad are on their way. I'll phone the police.&quot; Bob
  spoke. Ben shook his head no. &quot;Your mum phoned to find out how long you
  were going to be and I said you'd left ages ago. We went out looking and that's
  when Nancy found you. Your parents were looking at their end of the road.&quot; Ben
  tried to talk but only gobbledegook came out.  
&quot;Leave us please mummy and you too daddy. I think you're upsetting him
  at the moment. I'll be alright and you can leave the door open if you wish.&quot; Nancy
  lowered him gently in the bath. &quot;You'd better kneel. Your bum looks pretty
  raw but I need to wash the piss off you and get it out of your hair. Was it
  Sarah and her boys?&quot;  
Ben muttered &quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;And with her father being a chief constable or something, we won't
  get anywhere by preferring charges against her. She's a cunning bitch.&quot;  
Ben's parents arrived while he was still being bathed and demanded to know
  what happened. Ben wouldn't answer. &quot;What happened Nancy?&quot; his mother
  asked.  
&quot;Sorry Mrs. Jones, I can't say. Ben will tell you if and when he wants
  to.&quot;  
&quot;I'll bathe him. It's not right for a young girl of your age to do that
  to a naked young boy.&quot; Ben clung to Nancy as if his life depended on it.
  Water soaked her blouse and although his words didn't come out clearly, the
  meaning was obvious.  
&quot;I still think we ought to go to the police. Others might get hurt as
  well.&quot;  
&quot;No Hilda, Ben doesn't want it. I think the trauma of the interviews
  might be more than he can stand. I think we'd better let them finish bathing
  dear,&quot; Dan, his father told his wife. &quot;We'll only make things worse.
  Let's go downstairs and they can talk when they've finished.&quot; However,
  Nancy had other ideas. After she'd dried him and given him two painkillers
  and applied some cream, she carried him to her bed, There she laid Ben between
  the sheets and climbed in alongside him. When his parents arrived to see the
  pair, both were snuggled together and Ben was fast asleep.  
&quot;Let's leave them,&quot; Bob suggested.  
&quot;I agree,&quot; Dan Jones answered, &quot;Nothing's going to happen
  and your Nancy's certainly big enough to control him if she wants to.&quot;  
Both wives were more reluctant.  
&quot;Bring him some clothes in the morning,&quot; Stella Mayhew suggested. &quot;There's
  no school till Monday and I think Nancy is the first friend he seems to have
  had in all his time at school.&quot;  
&quot;Let me take his wet shirt in a plastic bag out of your way.&quot;  
&quot;I'll soak it in a bowl of water and throw it in the washing machine
  with Nancy's wet shirt and stuff. It'll be dry by morning,&quot; Stella suggested.  
&quot;No! I'll just dry it and then if we need, we can have them DNA test
  it. I want to get to the bottom of this. I think he'll talk to me when we're
  home.&quot;  
Sometime during the night Ben stirred, the pain was returning and he felt
  the need to pee but in trying to gently disentangle himself from Nancy's embrace,
  he woke her. &quot;What's up Ben? Can't you sleep? Still sore?&quot;  
&quot;Pain's come back and I need to pee.&quot;  
Nancy turned on the bedside light. &quot;Well you'd better let that rod that's
  against my belly go down a bit otherwise you'll spray the ceiling.&quot; she
  giggled quietly. &quot;I'll get you another couple of pills and perhaps you'll
  go soft again.&quot; Ben blushed deeply when he caught a glimpse of her pubic
  area as she got out of bed, but somehow he didn't feel threatened or offended
  by her words. He did manage to pee but quickly became erect again when he climbed
  in alongside Nancy. She'd removed her night-dress and was now completely naked.
  Ben hesitated. He'd felt her buxom breasts through the material already but
  now they were on full display and if he&hellip;  
Nancy didn't give him a chance. Grabbing his arm she pulled him into the
  bed making him yelp as his sore loins hit hers. &quot;Ben,&quot; she whispered, &quot;I
  know you're sore but I'd really like to feel it inside me even if you can't
  move much. You can suck my titties if you want.&quot; She took hold of his
  cock and guided it into her cunt. Ben gave another little yelp.  
&quot;Sorry, they hit it too and it's very tender&hellip; Maybe that's why
  it keeps erecting itself.&quot;  
&quot;Is it okay now it's in?&quot;  
&quot;Ummn. Nice. I've never&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Don't worry about it Ben. Fuck me when you think you can or just lie
  still and let us cuddle.&quot; Nancy held him close; his head against her bosom;
  her hard nipple against his cheek. He only had to turn his head just a little
  and it would be in his mouth. However, it took ten minutes and many tiny movements
  before his lips closed on it.  
Daylight filtered through the curtains when he woke again but the digital
  clock said only 5:56. Too early to get up. His face still lay against a breast
  and his cock remained inside Nancy. It felt nice and he wondered if he dared
  start to move it within her. Slowly he withdrew a little way and just as slowly
  went in again. It pulled his muscles but he didn't care. This might be the
  only chance he ever got to have it in a girl.  
Nancy slowly became aware of his movements. The sensation within her seemed
  pleasantly strange and she guessed it was the kink in his cock that was rubbing
  the walls of her vagina somewhat differently to normal. She'd only had two
  boys and an older man before but that was enough for her to notice the difference. &quot;That's
  nice you sexy boy,&quot; she whispered, &quot;Can you speed up a bit now you
  know I'm awake? Don't if it's too painful.&quot; Gradually Ben was able to
  work up his momentum until Nancy climaxed and then, finally several minutes
  later, he did too. Nancy leaned down and kissed him fully on the mouth.  
Two hours later he got up to pee. Nancy did too and for the first time he
  saw her completely naked. To Ben she looked like a voluptuous goddess. &quot;Stop
  gawping,&quot; she laughed but her expression quickly changed when she looked
  at him. His arse and front were livid colours. &quot;We'll shower and then
  I'll put some more cream on you. We ought to try and make that bitch pay for
  this.&quot;  
Feeling a little better after the shower and now wearing a long disused T-shirt
  of Nancy's that came below his knees, they slowly went down and started breakfast.
  Stella and Bob appeared soon after and they all chatted amicably. No one mentioned
  how they'd spent the night. &quot;What are your plans for today?&quot; Bob
  asked.  
&quot;When I get my clothes, I think I'd like to go home and start on the
  project. I need something to take my mind off what happened. That is if you
  don't mind Nancy coming too. It's supposed to be a joint project. Dad's got
  a garage workshop with benches and vices that he lets me use. First though
  we need to think the design through a bit more and perhaps experiment with
  ways of making hollow curved arches. We may need more advice from you and I
  think Dad might come up with some ideas.&quot;  
Hilda arrived around nine o'clock bringing not only Ben's clothes but her
  camera too. &quot;Before you get dressed young man, I'm going to photograph
  your injuries so we have the evidence of what happened and I shall want the
  full story when we get home.&quot; Ben knew that when she was in that mood,
  she was going to get her own way. &quot;Which room has the best light?&quot; she
  asked. Hers was only a simple film camera but it took good snaps when the conditions
  were right.  
Back in the lounge of his own home Ben sat on the settee with Nancy holding
  his hand. Hilda hadn't wanted her to come but there was no way she could refuse.
  She liked the girl but wanted to have it out with her son on her own. &quot;The
  girl seems to know what happened so she might have information too. If he's
  told her then he should tell me. I'm his mother.&quot; Hilda argued with herself.  
&quot;Benjamin Jones, who did it to you?&quot;&hellip; &quot;Why?&quot; &hellip; &quot;What
  started it?&quot; &hellip; &quot;Do you know those responsible?&quot; Ben remained
  stoutly silent. &quot;Very well, if you won't answer me then I have no alternative,&quot; Hilda
  was becoming angry at his silence, &quot;Nancy, please collect your things
  and go home. I forbid you to see Ben again and I will phone your teacher on
  Monday and refuse to allow him to continue with the group project. Ben you
  will go to your room and spend the rest of the day there.&quot;  
&quot;No, mum please. You don't understand. I can't tell you.&quot;  
&quot;Nancy get your stuff and go please.&quot; Ben's whole body shook and
  desperately he clung to her. Nancy closed her arms protectively around him.
  Hilda almost smiled at the incongruity of the sight. Ben was like a baby on
  her lap. &quot;How am I going to force them apart? I wonder what's made them
  suddenly so close? What happened between them last night?&quot; Her thoughts
  were interrupted when Nancy spoke.  
&quot;Mrs. Jones, please let me talk with Ben alone for a while.&quot;  
&quot;You got five minutes to make him understand girl. I'm his mother and
  I need to know what happened.&quot;  
&quot;It may take more than five minutes Mrs. Jones just to calm him down
  he shaking so much. May I call you when we're ready or when I have to leave?&quot;  
&quot;No more than fifteen minutes and then I'm coming back.&quot; She went
  into the kitchen but left the door open so she could keep an eye on what was
  happening.  
Nancy hugged and kissed him for several minutes without saying anything and
  then in a very hushed voice said, &quot;Ben you know we have to tell her now,
  don't you? If she phones Miss Jameson she'll tell her about the problem with
  Sarah and little by little it will all come out, probably in front of the class
  or in the head's office. Just don't mention the bet with Sarah and her boyfriends.
  Okay?&quot; Ben said nothing. It was too nice just to sit on her lap even if
  it hurt his arse just to sit. He liked the comforting feel of her arms around
  him. Eventually he murmured, &quot;Okay.&quot;  
Nancy started the story when Ben's mother returned but she didn't let go
  of him. She stopped at the point where Ben left her home and it was some minutes
  before Ben felt able to continue. Hilda was utterly shocked and disgusted and
  wanted to go to the police straightaway until Nancy pointed out Sarah's father
  was a high ranking officer at the station and would probably just file the
  case where no one would find it. &quot;Well I have the evidence that it happened.
  I have the urine soaked shirt and photos. I'll take them to Happy Snaps and
  they should be ready in an hour and then I'll decide what to do. You two behave
  yourselves while I've gone. Just because you slept together last night, doesn't
  mean you can do it any time even if you are both old enough to consent.&quot;  
For a while they just sat and talked first about what Hilda might do and
  then about the project although their minds were not really focussed on it.
  When Hilda returned earlier than expected, Ben was giving Nancy the grand tour
  of the workshop. &quot;It's Saturday and the pictures won't be ready for two
  hours,&quot; Hilda explained. She went back later to collect them.  
Chapter 3. The arrangement   
&quot;Hi Ben, Nancy.&quot; Dan greeted them when he arrived home from his
  Saturday morning stint at work as a maintenance engineer. &quot;Where's your
  mother?&quot;  
&quot;She went to collect the photos but I expect they weren't ready again.
  She's been gone a long while though.&quot; Ben went on to let him know what
  happened earlier.  
Happy Snaps had them ready. &quot;Please check these are your pictures madam,&quot; the
  girl behind the counter requested, &quot;We had a little problem with the machine
  earlier.&quot;  
Hilda opened the packet and saw her family pictures on top and then the ones
  of Ben underneath. &quot;Yes, these are mine,&quot; she confirmed. Immediately
  a policeman stood at her side and took the packet from her.  
&quot;Please come with me madam.&quot; Hilda immediately protested but was
  first shown into an office and then taken to the local police station. In an
  interview room a junior detective started to question her.  
&quot;You admit you took these photos? Photos that show a young boy who has
  been badly abused.&quot;  
&quot;He's my son&hellip;&quot; Hilda stopped realising the possible implications.
  Paedophilia; incest; abuse, neglect. Charges she wouldn't be able to refute
  easily without telling the whole story. She fell silent and the detective gave
  her little time to collect her thoughts before starting to ask more and more
  questions. Hilda didn't answer. The detective thought it was a sign of guilt.  
&quot;I wish to see Chief Constable Beckinsall please,&quot; Hilda said with
  some authority.  
&quot;I think you mean Chief Superintendent Beckinsall. He hasn't risen higher
  than that yet. He's off duty.&quot;  
&quot;Then contact him.&quot;  
&quot;Not necessary madam. I can handle this.&quot;  
&quot;I will not answer any of your questions until I have spoken with your
  Superintendent.&quot; It took nearly an hour of arguing before the senior officer
  on duty finally phoned Jack Beckinsall and handed her the phone. Hilda explained
  quietly why she was in the police station and mentioned it involved Sarah.
  A short time later she was in his private office telling him the whole story. &quot;I
  have his shirt which is still wet with her and the boys urine and you can see
  the pictures. Even if you confiscate them, Ben's injuries are still showing
  badly so I can take more. You can no doubt use your authority to interview
  Miss Jameson and the boys and your daughter but I'm sure, you will like me,
  want to keep this from becoming too public but something has to be done to
  stop this cruel business going any further.&quot;  
&quot;I agree with you Mrs. Jones and I know only too well that my daughter
  is becoming a conceited and nasty bitch but I didn't think she was capable
  of anything like this. It's got to stop though. I shall certainly talk to her
  and get back to you.&quot;  
&quot;What are you just going to tell her to stop being a naughty girl?&quot; Hilda
  could foresee a cop out where the girl would get off more or less scot-free.  
&quot;No, Mrs. Jones, I will look into it thoroughly and if I find your story
  is true, then I will deal with her. I haven't had time to think how, but I
  will. As an act of good faith, I will return one set of pictures to you but
  for the moment I am keeping one set and the negatives. They are evidence. I
  will contact you later in the day when I get confirmation of your story. I'll
  get a car to run you home.&quot;  
When Hilda arrived, Dan had just returned from Happy Snaps where he'd been
  informed of the police action. &quot;Seems your mother's action has sparked
  a police enquiry Ben. Just what you didn't want. I'd better go down there and
  find out what is happened.&quot; It was at this moment Hilda walked through
  the door.  
Jack Beckinsall kept his word. He phoned and then met Janet Jameson at her
  flat and got her story, which pretty much confirmed Hilda's and gave him a
  little more information as to why the feud had started. He knew the boys played
  rugby for the Scorpions and would have a game that afternoon. &quot;Sergeant,
  send a car to the Scorpions ground and bring in Jim Catling and Peter Lightfoot,&quot; he
  ordered, &quot;Don't drag them off the pitch but bring them in discretely at
  half time or as soon as they come off the field.&quot; Luckily he already knew
  the boys names.  
Under interrogation and presented with evidence the two boys confessed to
  their part in Ben's abduction and punishment. &quot;We didn't know what she
  was going to do with him,&quot; Jim pleaded, &quot;We thought she was just
  going to play with him a bit and in the dark we couldn't see too well how hard
  she was hitting him.&quot;  
&quot;I suggest you both keep clear of Sarah for the time being, as yet I
  don't know what charges Mrs. Jones will bring against you or my daughter or
  if I can persuade her to drop them. They could be very serious charges. It
  may help if you keep well into the background.&quot;  
Sarah wasn't in when he arrived home so he was able to talk to Kathleen,
  his wife without interruption. She was horrified especially when she saw the
  photos and she remembered the stories and pictures in the local paper of Ben's
  accident. &quot;What can we do about it Jack?&quot; she asked, &quot;If the
  Jones' prefer charges if would get in the papers and they'd have a field day
  playing up the beating of a disabled boy by a police superintendent's daughter
  and Sarah could go to jail or worse. She doesn't take any notice of me these
  days and now she has that allowance from her grandmother's legacy, she doesn't
  even have to ask for money. I know what I'd like to do to her but that's probably
  illegal these days. She ought to have her bottom welted like that poor boy.&quot;  
&quot;I agree entirely dear, but you're right, if we give her a hiding she
  could have us up in court. The whole business would come out then as well.
  We can ground her, but neither of us are here all the time to enforce it.&quot;  
&quot;So the little runt did complain to your lot, still I expect you can
  cover it all up.&quot; Sarah's reaction was more or less what her father expected
  when he confronted her.  
&quot;No, he didn't file a complaint. It was the photo shop when they saw
  the pictures of what you did. Take a good look at them Sarah.&quot; She barely
  glanced at them. &quot;I said take a good look. They could be blown up to ten
  by eight's and used as evidence in court against you. They could appear on
  the front of the papers, perhaps even the nationals. All because you disliked
  the boy because of an accident thirteen or so years ago. He suffered then because
  no one watched him carefully enough, now he's suffering because of your bad
  temper. No, I may not be able to cover this up. I may not want to. Your mother
  and I are totally disgusted with you and have yet to decide on what course
  to take. Fortunately the Jones' don't want the publicity either but they do
  want justice done. I am going to see them again later to see what they intend
  to do and they will want to know what action I am going to take.&quot;  
&quot;It's all the headmaster's fault. If he hadn't kept us behind, I would
  have been in a different group. Jammy Jameson deliberately put me with him
  and that fat slob.&quot; Sarah looked truculently at her father. &quot;I'm
  sure you can persuade them not to take any action, and there's not much you
  can do to me either. If you try to hit me like I did to Hop-along then I'll
  take myself to social services and you can try getting out of that.&quot; Sarah
  stormed out of the room slamming the door.  
Jack sat until the germ of an idea began to grow and take root in his mind.
  Picking up the phone he arranged a meeting with an ex 'client' at a shady club.  
&quot;Good afternoon Rolly.&quot;  
&quot;Good afternoon Mr. Beckinsall. What can I do for you? You said you
  wanted to call in a favour,&quot; the club manager answered.  
&quot;Rolly I know this club just about keeps on the right side of the obscene
  laws and while it does, I tend to ignore it. I also know that behind the scenes
  you hold private meetings at various locations where those that can afford
  it, see things that go very much further.&quot; Rolly started to protest but
  Jack held his hand for silence. &quot;Hear me out Rolly. It's me that wants
  the favour. I know that at least at some of the meetings, girls are given a
  whipping or caning. I know too that some do it voluntarily but you have to
  pay a high price for the privilege, others are girls their pimps think aren't
  doing enough or are cheating on them.&quot;  
&quot;Mr. Beckinsall if you are accusing me of these things, then I demand
  a proper interview with my lawyer present,&quot; Rolly interjected.  
&quot;Hear me out please. I don't want you to confirm or deny anything. Look
  at these photos.&quot; Jack passed him the photos of Ben knowing that, as so
  often is the case, many hardened criminals have a soft spot for children and
  in prison paedophiles have a very rough time of it.  
&quot;That's Dan Jones' boy,&quot; Rolly exclaimed.  
&quot;You know him?&quot;  
&quot;Not really know him but Dan did several machining jobs for me some
  years ago soon after the boy finally came out of hospital. He was still a very
  young boy the one time I met him. Whoever thrashed the young kid like that
  ought to be strung up by his balls until they fall off. I can tell you that
  no one I know of in this club did it. That's for sure.&quot;  
&quot;I know that Rolly. I know who did it.&quot;  
&quot;You want me to set the boys to sort him?&quot;  
&quot;It wasn't a him. I was a girl; my daughter.&quot; For a few minutes
  there was complete silence. &quot;I see,&quot; Rolly went on, &quot;You cannot
  take her to court because it will affect your position and you cannot punish
  her yourself without her screaming and accusing you of abuse. I think we might
  find a way round that.&quot;  
&quot;I've come to apologise to you Mr. and Mrs. Jones and especially to
  Ben, for my daughter's disgusting and terrible behaviour. I wanted her to come
  but as you might guess, she refused.&quot; Jack looked at them and at Nancy
  who sat with Ben on her lap. &quot;Rest assured that she will be punished in
  the most appropriate way.&quot; He could almost read their minds. 'She's going
  to get away with it. He's going to cop out.' &quot;I repeat, she will be punished
  but not for a little while. Please believe me on this point and for a little
  while it must look as if she has got away with it. It must look as if I have
  used my influence to shelve the case. I have no doubt she will be as spiteful
  as she can to you Ben and perhaps to you too Nancy. Don't let her goad you
  into taking further action yourselves. It will all be attended to in due course
  but not immediately and not in a way that can be linked to any of us.&quot;  
&quot;What did you mean when you said she would be punished in the most appropriate
  way?&quot; Nancy asked.  
&quot;You will know when it has been done. Sorry, I can't tell you any more
  for now. I know it is a lot to ask, but please accept my word that she will
  not get away with the cruel things she did.&quot;  
Nearly two weeks passed and as predicted, Sarah was her usual sarcastic and
  spiteful self although she did refrain from any physical abuse and from trying
  to humiliate Ben and Nancy in front of Miss Jameson. Nancy and Ben, with help
  from both their fathers made steady progress with the bridge construction and
  with cementing their personal relationships. Bob Mayhew suggested modifications
  to their designs and Dan helped with practical ideas for the actual construction.
  Neither did any actual work in making it and both were surprised at the enthusiasm
  they put into it. At Dan's suggestion they made three bridges so they could
  test parts of the design as they went along.  
The previous weekend, Hilda had allowed Nancy to sleep over and turned a
  blind eye when she ended up with Ben in the guestroom bed. &quot;They really
  are an odd couple,&quot; Hilda remarked to her husband, &quot;And yet they
  seem so suited to each other. She seems so protective of him.&quot;  
&quot;Yet its Ben that's in charge when they're in the workshop,&quot; commented
  Dan. &quot;She's quite nimble with her fingers despite her size but it's Ben
  that mostly gives the instructions and shows her what to do. He's had that
  much more experience of using the tools and things.&quot;  
Chapter 4. Punished   
&quot;It makes a change for you to drive me to the Friday disco,&quot; Sarah
  remarked to her parents, &quot;You feeling guilty or something just because
  you're going to have a dirty weekend away?&quot;  
&quot;I just didn't want you walking there alone seeing that Jim and Pete
  have found other partners,&quot; her father answered.  
&quot;That was all your doing, as well you know. You bloody warned them off.
  Never mind I'll find someone else tonight that will see me home so don't worry.&quot;  
&quot;Phone the hotel if you are desperate to contact us. I put the number
  into your mobile under 'Hotel'.&quot; Jack pulled into a side street and watched
  as she made her way through the car park in the twilight. She never made it
  into the disco. Two burly men stopped her. One put his arms around her body
  and kissed her while the other injected knock-out drops into her thigh. To
  any casual observer it would appear she met with two friends and went with
  them into a people carrier with tinted windows.  
Sarah awoke an hour later to find herself naked, blindfolded, gagged and
  tied to a bed. She struggled but to no avail. Her bonds were too tight. She
  lay still, frightened and crying and wondering what was happening to her. Ten
  minutes later a man entered, &quot;Ah good, you're awake now Selina. I expect
  you know why you're here. Your pimp has told you often enough about not working
  and tonight you try to go to the disco instead of working Main Street. Your
  punishment will come later when they've finished striping Gloria's arse. She
  was getting lazy too.&quot; Shaking her head in desperation, Sarah tried to
  say something but the gag prevented anything intelligible coming out. &quot;You
  just lie there Selina and rest. You wanted some time off didn't you? Enjoy
  it while you can.&quot; The man squeezed her tits hard and then fingered her
  cunt. Again Sarah shook her head violently but the man just laughed, &quot;They'll
  get plenty of attention before you go home tonight.&quot; As he opened the
  door to leave a piercing scream came though. Beside herself with fear, Sarah
  wet the bed. It puddled under her, prevented from soaking away by a rubberised
  sheet.  
Sarah tried to reason with herself. &quot;If that woman screamed they must
  take the gag out, then I can explain they have the wrong girl. They must realise
  I am too young to be a prostitute. They won't really be intending to cane me
  will they.&quot; In her heart she doubted it was true. With her eyes covered,
  Sarah's ears were more highly attuned. Through the closed door came feint sounds
  of applause and a little later the sounds of someone sobbing and crying out
  as she was being dragged along passed the door. &quot;Gloria? That means it
  will soon be me. I don't want to be thrashed or caned or whatever they did
  to her.&quot; Sarah's mind was in turmoil. She could not think of any way out
  except to plead when they took her gag out and if they were used to dealing
  with prostitutes it was unlikely she would be able to use her feminine charms
  to persuade them.  
She lay listening and waiting, hoping for something to happen and dreading
  the thought of what might happen when it did. Her arse was wet and smelled
  from her piss, she cried into her blindfold and soaked it but still no one
  came. Suddenly the door opened and she turned her head towards the sound. There
  was more than one of them this time. &quot;Look, she's pissed the bed,&quot; one
  remarked. It was the same man that visited her earlier; she called him growler
  from the sound of his voice.  
&quot;It'll just make the strap sting more and she'll have to lie in it again
  when we bring her back unless any of the clients want her,&quot; the second
  man said. Sarah just thought of him as Two. Soon she was free of the bed but
  her hands were still bound. They helped her to stand and when she struggled,
  Growler smacked her arse hard with his bare hand. &quot;We're going to teach
  you a lesson and the more you resist so the sorer you will be,&quot; he told
  her. They led her to another room where Sarah knew from the warmth of the radiation
  on her skin, there were lights on her.  
&quot;Gentlemen, please welcome Selina,&quot; the MC started and when the
  applause died down and Sarah had been rotated a few times, he went on, &quot;Selina
  is one of Phil's girls but she's been a bit tardy in her work lately and he's
  given her several warnings. Tonight she decided to go to a disco instead of
  working at her trade. Fortunately Phil suspected this would happen and asked
  us to make an example of her because several others were starting to do the
  same. He also very generously is allowing anyone who wishes to use her afterwards,
  to do so for half the normal price. I think he is hoping that twice as many
  of you will use her so he recoups the same amount of money.&quot; There was
  laughter at this remark. Sarah guessed there were quite a number of people
  in the audience. &quot;As you can see she is one of our younger but still very
  attractive girls but I'm told she can be rather spiteful and doesn't like taking
  orders. Phil wishes us to knock this trait out of her as painfully as we can
  but still have her in good enough shape to get back to work by Monday. I've
  consulted our whipmaster and he suggested giving her body a good going over
  with a three-inch strap before adding a few stripes with the cane or whip to
  her arse and tits and even elsewhere.&quot; Sarah fainted. A small vial of
  ammonia was held under her nose. The MC went on, &quot;That was an example
  of what I was saying. Even here she wants to sleep on the job.&quot; More laughter. &quot;Truss
  her up.&quot;  
Sarah felt her wrists being untied and then fastened well apart to a bar
  above her head. Similarly her ankles were pulled out and fastened. One of the
  men fixing her ankles remarked on the smell of piss. &quot;Did she piss the
  bed?&quot; the MC asked.  
&quot;Yes sir,&quot; Growler answered, &quot;She was lying in a big puddle
  of it when we went to get her. We should have put a nappy on her.&quot; More
  laughter.  
&quot;Over to you now Mr. Whipmaster. Phil's not given any instructions on
  how many so I leave it up to you to decide when she's had enough or cannot
  take any more.&quot; Amid applause the MC moved to one side.  
&quot;They're not going to remove my gag. I can't tell them who I am. I can't
  let them know they have the wrong person. I can't tell them my father is a
  policeman and he'll track them down. I can't&hellip; Aaaahh!!&quot; The belt
  crashed across the back of her thighs. The pain seemed incredible but she couldn't
  scream properly. &quot;Harder, harder!&quot; yelled the crowd. After a few
  seconds waiting it landed again a little higher up. Another muffled scream.
  She hoped to faint again but didn't. After another six strokes her buttocks
  were well and truly on fire. She felt so helpless, so full of pain she just
  wanted to die.  
There was a pause. Sarah prayed it was over but without sight she could not
  tell. The crowd had gone silent too then a shout went up. &quot;Whip her tits!&quot; &quot;Oh
  God no! Don't hit me there.&quot; Sarah tried to speak but it was to no avail.
  Although she couldn't see him the whipmaster picked up a soft quirt and brought
  it down across both of her tender mammaries. Sarah cried out and then started
  choking. Seeing this the whipmaster put the quirt aside to the accompaniment
  of a few boos. He held up his hand for silence. &quot;Gentlemen, I am going
  to remove her gag. I hope your ears will be able to take her screams and pleas
  without causing too much distress. The lovely young tits should be able to
  withstand a good deal more pain without damage.&quot;  
&quot;I can tell them. They'll release me!&quot; Sarah thought as she felt
  the tie around her mouth being released but when she tried to speak only a
  few hoarse cries came out. &quot;I'm not&hellip; Aaaaahh!!&quot; Before she
  could get a whole sentence out, the quirt struck again making her scream loudly. &quot;No!
  No more! I'm not&hellip; Aaaaahh&quot; Again the quirt struck. Her tender breasts
  danced with each strike bring loud cheers from the men in the audience.  
The pain was incredible. Sarah knew she couldn't take much more of it and
  so did the whipmaster. &quot;Gentlemen, I have made her arse and tits nice
  and sensitive for the attention of your hands now it only remains for me to
  warm the place where your cocks will enter.&quot;  
Sarah felt herself being swung and realised that the bars she was fastened
  to were part of a frame and she was now head down with her legs widely spread
  and her cunt well open for the punishment it was to receive. &quot;I'm not
  Selina. You've got the wrong girl,&quot; she yelled at the top of her still
  hoarse voice. It only made everyone in the room laugh. &quot;I'm not Selina!&quot; From
  the silence Sarah guessed the man was ready to hit her again. &quot;You've
  got the wrong girl. My dad's a policeman. He'll&hellip;&quot; Yet again the
  pain cut off her words as the quirt splayed itself across her cuntal lips.
  Three more followed in rapid succession before she passed out.  
When the ammonia fumes brought her round, Sarah found herself lying on a
  softer surface and hands were refastening ropes to her wrists. The MC spoke. &quot;Gentlemen,
  as I said earlier, Phil has agreed a half price deal for this beauty. Only &pound;25
  a time. Any hole. Unfortunately she pissed the bed in the private room but
  I'm sure most of you will not mind performing in public and vying with each
  other to see who can come the fastest. Do make sure you wear a condom, we don't
  know if the slut has been moonlighting elsewhere and has picked up anything.&quot; While
  he was speaking Sarah's legs were drawn back to her head and tied next to her
  wrists. Her whole body seemed one huge pain bag and she could do nothing to
  relieve it. She was utterly helpless and now they were going to rape her. Several
  more times she tried to tell them she was Sarah Beckinsall but no one took
  any notice. &quot;Whose going to be first to put their hands in the wallets
  and come up with the money?&quot; the MC went on. Sarah heard a flurry of activity.  
&quot;I'll pay the full price for first go,&quot; a voice shouted.  
&quot;Very kind of you sir,&quot; the MC acknowledged, &quot;Please step
  forward and go for it but remember there is a queue of people waiting so no
  lingering.&quot; Sarah cried out as the first man entered without any warning
  and proceeded to fuck her hard and fast. Every time his loins hit her mound,
  a fresh jolt of pain went through her body but after a while her mind shut
  down and she lay almost still. Almost as if from outside, she heard the crowd
  encouraging the man inside her to do it faster or harder or differently. She
  lost count of how many had her until she felt a cock at her arsehole. &quot;No!&quot; she
  yelled, &quot;Not there!&quot; but the man just laughed and forced his painful
  way in. Two others did the same later.  
Finally it was over. Vaguely she heard the MC saying thank you to the men
  for coming and he hoped they'd had an enjoyable evening a looked forward to
  seeing them at a future date. Sobbing wretchedly, Sarah wondered what they
  were going to do with her now. Would she be taken to Phil, whoever he was?
  Would she be dumped somewhere? Would they kill her? There now seemed only a
  few people left in the room. A voice she recognised as Growler's spoke. &quot;Selina,
  I am going to put your blouse on now so I will have to release you wrists for
  a short while. If you grab the blindfold and get a look at me, I will have
  to kill you. If you behave, then I will dress you and take you home. Understand?&quot;  
Sarah hesitated and then stuttered, &quot;Yes,&quot; realising that this
  was really her only option even if they couldn't possibly know where her home
  was.  
&quot;Don't even think of going to the police. You were photographed during
  your time here and these photos will go on the web for all to see and you will
  certainly end up here again for a more prolonged treatment that could leave
  permanent scars.&quot; During this Growler pulled on her blouse and then tied
  her wrists again and replaced her gag. Next she felt her tight jeans being
  pulled on and would have screamed if she'd not be gagged. Things seemed to
  blur again as she was made to walk supported by two men and sat in a vehicle.
  It seemed like the one she came in but she couldn't remember much about that.
  Sitting on the seat hurt terribly then the belt as it was stretched over her
  breasts caused even more pain. The vehicle moved off. Sarah knew she ought
  to try and listen for outside sounds but the pain was far too great to worry
  about such things. &quot;Where are they taking me?&quot; Sarah wondered. &quot;I
  don't think I had anything on me with my address on it. Perhaps I'll be dumped
  near the disco and left to find my own way home.&quot;  
&quot;You sure this is the place?&quot; Growler spoke for the first time
  since the car started.  
&quot;Deliver to 49 Rosehill Road, is what it says on this paper. Leave on
  doorstep and ring bell until a light appears. Signed Phil,&quot; his companion
  read.  
&quot;Probably Selina's home,&quot; thought Sarah. She felt herself being
  unbuckled and taken down a path, then the distinctive 'Ding-dong, ding-dong
  of Freidland chimes.  
&quot;Upstairs light on. Let's scarper,&quot; Growler murmured.  
Sarah heard the vehicle move off. Scared but hopeful she would be all right,
  she listened intently to the footsteps approaching the door. The chain slid
  in place; a key turned and the door opened a few inches. &quot;My God, it's
  a young girl,&quot; a man's voice shouted. A woman's voice answered and then
  another but Sarah could not make out what was actually being said but she hoped
  they were friendly. The chain slid back; the door opened, &quot;Oh my God,
  what's happened to you dear?&quot; he asked as he helped her inside.  
Chapter 5. Reconciliation    
&quot;It's Sarah!&quot; The voice she recognised. Nancy.  
For the next hour, Sarah was bathed and her injuries tended to as best they
  could. Dan had tried to phone her father but got the answering machine. Sarah
  knew he would and her mobile was missing so she couldn't contact the hotel.
  She hadn't even bothered to find out where it was but she already suspected
  they didn't want her to know anyway, or at least her father didn't. Rightly
  she guessed he was behind her ordeal. How else would Growler have been given
  this address? She began to hate her father. But why were Ben and Nancy helping
  her? After how she'd treated them? Hilda had packed her husband off to bed
  again to keep him out of the way, but Ben insisted on helping and Nancy didn't
  discourage him. Sarah had been too concerned with her pains to worry when he'd
  brought hot chocolate to her in the bath and given her a couple of Anadin's
  to ease the pain. Why did he do that? After what I did to him?  
&quot;Sarah?&quot; Nancy spoke, she and Ben were sitting alongside Ben's
  bed where Sarah was now lying on her side covered only by a sheet. Hilda had
  returned to her bedroom and they could hear her talking in low tones to her
  husband. &quot;Sarah,&quot; Nancy spoke again, &quot;We, Ben and me, want you
  to know that we didn't want this to happen to you even after what you did to
  him. We don't know how you came to be left here but whatever the reason was,
  we'll try and take care of you. We understand why you don't want us to tell
  the police but maybe your dad will do some undercover work or something. Anyway
  try and sleep now but leave the door open and we'll keep ours open too so if
  you need anything just shout and wake us up.&quot;  
&quot;Do you think this is what her father meant when he told us she would
  be punished without us being involved?&quot; Hilda asked her husband.  
&quot;I wouldn't be surprised although I didn't think he would go as far
  as that. Or perhaps whoever did it went farther than they were supposed to,&quot; Dan
  replied. They both discussed it quietly until they drifted back to sleep.  
It was a fitful and painful night's sleep for Sarah. At 4:30 she awoke again.
  The pain had returned and she couldn't seem to find a way to lie that was comfortable.
  Looking around the room in the light that came through the open door, she knew
  she was in Ben's bed, the bed Ben slept in and they hadn't even changed the
  sheets. Yesterday she would have abhorred the notion of even getting near it
  after his scarred body had lain there. Now she wasn't bothered. All that concerned
  her was the pain and the reason they had been kind to her last night. She thought
  to get up and go to the bathroom to see if the Anadin tablet's were there.
  Involuntarily she gave a little cry as her feet touched the floor and she tried
  to stand. Slowly she shuffled like an old woman towards the bathroom.  
&quot;You okay Sarah? Do you need anything?&quot; Ben called out softly.  
&quot;I was going to look for more pills.&quot;  
&quot;They're in here. Nancy put them by our bed so we could get them quickly
  if you called.&quot;  
Sarah could see him cradled in Nancy's arms. Nancy was awake now. &quot;Come
  in Sarah,&quot; she said, &quot;Do you want some cream put on. Ben found it
  eased him&hellip; Sorry, I shouldn't have said that. Would you like some cream
  put on, it does help.&quot; She flipped on the light switch, illuminating Sarah's
  nakedness and the terrible marks on her body.  
&quot;Yes&hellip;yes please,&quot; Sarah answered quietly. Nancy threw back
  the covers not worrying that both she and Ben were also naked. &quot;Bring
  the cream and pills Ben and then get her some juice while I help her back into
  your bed.&quot; A short time later, just as they'd finished trying to make
  Sarah comfortable Hilda looked in.  
&quot;Everything okay or is this the start of a nudist colony?&quot; she
  asked.  
&quot;Go back to bed mum. Everything is under control again now.&quot;  
Sarah dozed for a while and woke again. It was light outside and there were
  muted noises from downstairs. Once again her mind roved over the events. The
  kidnapping. Why did her father not take her right to the door of the disco?
  Waking tied to the bed. Pissing herself. Growler and the thrashing. The terrible
  pain and then the rapes. Cock after cock inside her. &quot;Fortunately they
  all wore sheaths otherwise I'd be a right mess,&quot; she thought. &quot;Even
  so, I'm sore inside there too.&quot; Then coming here. Why here. Why not to
  her own home? Or to Selina's wherever that was. Did scarface have anything
  to do with it? She looked down at her breasts and saw their vivid purplish
  colour and remembered seeing Ben's arse earlier and that was still showing
  some colour after two weeks. &quot;How long will the colour last on my tits
  and bottom?&quot; she wondered. &quot;Why was he so gentle when he put the
  cream on my tits? It doesn't make sense.&quot;  
Ben came upstairs wearing a robe. &quot;How are you feeling now?&quot; he
  enquired.  
&quot;How'd you bloody think!&quot; Sarah snapped, her mind angry at what
  had happened and not being able to resolve her thoughts, was beginning to return
  to its old self. Ben's face fell and he fled the room. &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; Sarah
  called after him but was already halfway down the stairs.  
Shortly after Nancy appeared &quot;So Sarah you couldn't even be kind to
  Ben after all we did for you last night. You'd better get dressed and go to
  your own home. I'm not going to have him upset for the likes of you.&quot; Nancy's
  voice showed her anger. &quot;Get up and get dressed.&quot;  
&quot;Nancy, please. I tried to say I was sorry but he'd already gone. I
  didn't mean to hurt his feelings again. I know you both must hate me for what
  I did but now I know how he must have suffered. I am truly sorry, I really
  am. I'll tell him so if you send him up here again.&quot;  
&quot;No Sarah, if you are truly sorry, you'll get up yourself and go to
  him and apologise. I know it will hurt but that will make the apology all the
  more real and meaningful. You think you've experienced pain but that's nothing
  to what that poor kid has gone through for a large part of his life and it's
  been made worse by people like you taking the piss out of him. We're in the
  kitchen if you want us. If you want to leave, your clothes are on the chair
  in the corner although I guess you may have difficulty in getting those jeans
  on.&quot;  
&quot;I think there's some sort of argument going on Dan,&quot; Hilda woke
  her husband, &quot;Do you think we should intervene?&quot;  
&quot;Not at the moment. Nancy seems to be in charge. Let her handle it.
  It will be better if they sort it out themselves.&quot;  
A strange sight greeted Sarah as she hobbled slowly down the stairs. Ben
  was sitting on Nancy's lap and the two were kissing passionately. She waited
  until they broke apart before making a little cry to alert them to her coming
  down. &quot;I'm sorry Ben,&quot; she started, &quot;I really am sorry. I shouldn't
  have answered you like that. You showed me nothing but kindness since I arrived.
  I was just sore and bad tempered. Please forgive me. I'll do what I can to
  make it up to you.&quot;  
Ben still sat protectively against Nancy. &quot;Do you really mean it Sarah?
  Or are you just saying that so we don't send you away?&quot;  
&quot;I mean it. Would you like to spank me? Would you like me to bend over
  this table so you can do it? I know my arse hurts now but I'll let you hurt
  me more if it will make you believe I am sorry.&quot;  
&quot;That won't be necessary,&quot; Ben told her, &quot;What is necessary
  is that you keep your word long after you leave here.&quot;  
&quot;I will Ben, I promise.&quot;  
Sarah stayed until Monday morning and then Ben and Nancy went to school.
  Dan drove her home where she stayed for the rest of the week. Her father feigned
  concern when she told him about her kidnapping and promised to look into it
  very discretely but by the way he answered, Sarah knew he would not do anything.
  All of which confirmed her suspicions that he'd had a hand in her punishment
  and that he might do so again if she didn't behave.  
On the following Saturday evening she walked to Ben's house and took a bunch
  of flowers for Hilda and a wrapped box of chocolates for Ben and Nancy. Hilda
  greeted her and asked how she was feeling now. &quot;Still very sore but I
  can walk better and even sit down if the seat isn't too hard. Dad says I've
  to go back to school on Monday.&quot; Sarah replied.  
&quot;Ben's over at Nancy's this weekend but they might come back in the
  morning to work on the bridge thing they've been spending a lot of time on.
  I'll give him his present if you like.&quot;  
&quot;No, I'll take it to Nancy's, thank you all the same. I ought to hand
  it to him personally.  
Stella let her in and took her through to the conservatory where Bob, Ben
  and Nancy were discussing ways to strengthen their bridge design still further.
  So far it had easily withstood the one kilo weight requirement. Sarah caught
  glimpses of the structure before it was hastily hidden behind a chair and knew
  it was far more advanced than her own. She'd worked on the folder at home in
  the last two days but hadn't started on the practical work and there was only
  two weeks left. &quot;Seems like you've been getting professional help,&quot; she
  remarked, but it wasn't said in a catty way. There was even a smile on her
  face.  
&quot;They're just using me as a resource the same as a book or the Internet,&quot; Bob
  answered. &quot;I've not done anything towards the construction and I don't
  think Dan has either. How's yours coming on?&quot;  
&quot;The folder looks quite nice and I was able to find nice colour prints
  of bridges on the Net but I really only have ideas on construction. I'm not
  happy with messy glue and stuff. I thought I would attempt a modern concrete
  design but maybe I need to consult a civil engineer for that. Are you available
  as a resource?&quot;  
&quot;If you would like, I'll give you an hour in my study providing you
  do not ask anything about their design. I know you have this competition and
  it will make it a little fairer if I give you some advice too. You have less
  time to make it now. I'm not going to design it for you though, only help with
  the practicability of any ideas you have.&quot;  
&quot;You don't have to go through with the bet,&quot; Nancy whispered later
  when the three bridge maker's were alone for a short while.  
&quot;What are you afraid of losing? Or is it because Pete is not here to
  screw you? I can find someone else or he might do it as a special favour.&quot; Sarah's
  voice was light and cheerful.  
&quot;No,&quot; Nancy replied softly, &quot;Firstly, I no longer have any
  desire to spank you and secondly Ben's my boyfriend and his cock is for my
  use only but we'll keep our bargain if we have to.&quot;  
&quot;A bet is a bet. Even with your father's help I'm not too sure I can
  win. I know I'm more artistic than you so should do well with the printed work
  but you are both more practical than me. Let's keep to the bet. Either way
  one of us girls will get fucked.&quot;  
Chapter 6. The contest   
&quot;Now we come to the final two bridges,&quot; Miss Jameson, &quot;And
  as you know the rules were amended for them. Their bridges were in competition
  to see whose would take the greatest weight. So far only two of the bridges
  the other groups have made passed the one kilo mark and one of them began to
  sag when the weight had been in place for a full minute. I've already seen
  and marked their folders. Sarah's was beautifully produced with lovely colour
  pictures and historical information.&quot; She held up the folder and flipped
  the pages for everyone to see. &quot;Ben and Nancy's was very different in
  its content. The appearance is smart and neat with a little historical information
  and some beautiful line drawings of old bridges but the content is very much
  more technical with diagrams of forces and a mass of ideas for their project.
  It was very difficult for me to judge one against the other; one was a coffee
  table book, the other a technical treatise. However I guessed Ben and Nancy
  had some help with obtaining the information so I'm giving them 9.0 and Sarah
  9.5. The difference is very marginal. Now we come to the practical work so
  may we now all see the bridges you have so carefully kept hidden?&quot;  
Sarah's emerged from its box first. It represented a single span concrete
  arch, quite graceful had the gluing of the paper been a little neater. Ben
  carefully removed the shredded paper from around their entry and showed the
  graceful curved structure. It elicited many cries of appreciation but looked
  very fragile when compared with the apparent solidarity of Sarah's. &quot;There
  is no doubt in my mind as to which bridge is aesthetically the most pleasing,&quot; the
  teacher went on, &quot;but maybe I'm a little old fashioned. Which bridge do
  you youngsters feel is the nicest to look at?&quot; The majority plumped for
  Ben and Nancy's. &quot;I agree with the majority then and I don't think I can
  give less than a ten for this lovely bridge,&quot; she said. &quot;Sarah's
  is very pleasing in its way so I'm giving it an eight. It seems such a shame
  we are going to test them to destruction in order to find a winner. I decided
  to award one point for every ten grams over the one kilo weight the bridge
  takes before it fails.&quot; Before beginning the test she asked both groups
  for details of the construction used and then finally announced the contest.
  Sarah's very solid looking structure withstood 3.25 kilograms before some of
  the glue joins failed and it began to sag.  
&quot;Wow!&quot; exclaimed Miss Jameson, &quot;I certainly didn't expect
  anyone to get anywhere near that number otherwise I would have revised my points
  system. You have 225 points Sarah. Very well done.&quot; Sarah accepted the
  applause and gave her opponents a grin as if to say, &quot;You try and beat
  that!&quot;  
No one believed the fragile looking structure of paper and string that Ben
  set up between the desks could possibly take a bigger load, no one that is
  except the makers. At home they'd tested a similar model to nearly twice that
  amount. &quot;Start at four kilos miss please,&quot; Ben said confidently.  
&quot;Your sure Ben? If it breaks at that we will never know if it could
  have taken 3.30 and just have beaten Sarah's.&quot;  
&quot;Yes miss.&quot;  
All the class watched with bated breath as their teacher put a two kilo weight
  on the pan and then another. The bridge stood firm. She added another kilo
  and it was rock solid. &quot;Class,&quot; the teacher stood amazed, &quot;I
  think there is no doubt as to who the winners are and because it is such a
  lovely thing I am not going to test it further. I'd like to display it in the
  showcase for a while. Congratulations Ben and Nancy.&quot; She shook their
  hands. &quot;We ought not to forget the extraordinary achievement made by Sarah.
  Her bridge withstood more than three times the load of any others. When I saw
  it, I couldn't see anything beating it, but it seems all that technical stuff
  I didn't understand in the B and N folder must have paid off. Very well done
  to all three of you.&quot; She shook all the hands of all three again. Sarah
  then gave Ben and Nancy each a hug and said quietly, &quot;I'll pay my debt.&quot; Most
  of the class looked on in amazement. Sarah Beckinsall hugging Ben Jones, that
  was unheard of and all the more surprising as the two groups had fostered the
  illusion of rivalry by their comments to each other during the run-up to the
  contest.  
The teacher beamed, &quot;I'm also very glad you seem to be friends again.&quot;  
&quot;Mother and father are out Saturday night so would you like to come
  to my house and I'll pay my debt to you both.&quot; Nancy told her there was
  no need but Sarah persisted even in the face of strong arguments from Ben and
  Nancy. They arrived early evening in the agreed dress of sweatshirt and pants.
  Sarah was similarly attired and invited them into her bedroom.  
&quot;I wanted to do this, not just to pay off my promise but to try and
  cement a little of the relationship we had while at Ben's home.&quot; Sarah
  started what seemed a little like a rehearsed speech. &quot;Over the last two
  weeks, we've made it appear we were still hostile to each other in order to
  boost the contest. There's no need for that now. I used to hate to look at
  you Ben but since learning more about you, I know you are a caring and sympathetic
  boy who I have grown to like and care about. A month ago, had I been forced
  to let you screw me, I would have been ashamed and disgusted. Now I'm offering
  myself willingly as a sign of my friendship. My body at the moment is far from
  perfect. Nancy, you don't have to worry, I'm not taking him from you and this
  will be a one off thing while you are here to keep an eye on things.&quot; Sarah
  paused for a moment while the others fidgeted a little and Nancy put her hand
  on Ben's shoulder.  
&quot;Likewise Nancy, a month ago I thought you nothing but an ignorant fat
  slob. The events of the past few weeks have completely altered my opinion of
  you. I know how caring and protective you are. In some ways I do not regret
  my outburst although I believe indirectly it was the cause of my getting the
  thrashing I had. Now I think I like myself better and thus other people as
  well. Please think of me as your friend now. Please.&quot; Sarah laughed, &quot;End
  of soliloquy. Come on let's get to the main event. We've all seen each other
  with nothing on, let's get that way now and Nancy can warm my bottom ready
  for Ben to do his business.&quot;  
&quot;You don't have to Sarah,&quot; Nancy said.  
&quot;I do and I want to.&quot; She lifted off her sweatshirt and showed
  her still marked breasts and then revealed her bruised backside. &quot;Twenty
  spanks Nancy with me over your knees.&quot; Nancy had followed Sarah's example
  and undressed completely. With one hand she held her new friend tightly on
  her lap and rubbed the proffered buttocks with the other. Many of the strap
  marks were still clear, as were some of the quirt lines where the thongs had
  curled between her legs and spread on her backside. She felt Sarah flinch slightly
  when she rubbed a little harder. &quot;Do it Nancy. Don't keep me waiting.&quot;  
Reluctantly she started but didn't hit with any great power. Even so the
  buttock cheeks coloured and felt very warm by the time they'd taken twenty
  and Sarah was beginning to shed a few tears. Nancy rubbed them gently for a
  little while. She could see moisture glistening around her sex opening, &quot;I
  think she's ready for you now Ben and you look as if you're ready for her.
  Do you want her on her back on the bed?&quot; Ben nodded. He was in two minds
  as to whether or not he wanted to do this but once he'd entered, his cock soon
  took charge and he fucked Sarah steadily and, with the control and experience
  he's gained from Nancy, made Sarah climax twice before he came.  
For a while they lay side by side on the bed, Ben in the middle being fondled
  by both women.  
After resting a while, Sarah sat up. &quot;I wonder what the next project
  will be? Whatever Jammy Jamie decides, I think we'd better do it together.  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





