BDSM Library - Pizza Boy




Pizza Boy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When his slave forgets the rules, punishment is swift.  When she forgets the rules and burns the dinner, there is hell to pay. This Master is in a bad mood and torturing his slave is the perfect way to get rid of some sadistic anger.
Pizza Boy by Fntsygirl


	I guess before I tell you my stories you should probably know a little
bit about me.  I guess you might say that my life wouldn't be approved of by the
vast majority, but I quit caring about that a long time ago.  I have been with
Master for over 8 years now.  We live together but were not married because
Master thinks that is really below the level of commitment we have made to each
other.  Most people probably think that he is pretty strict with me, and I guess
he is, but you see what you need to understand before you read all my stories is
that this is the way we both want it. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, it
doesn't always appear the way I want it but its the commitment I made to Master
when he collared me and made me his slave.  I guess my life isn't for everyone
but I love it, and after all   isn't that what counts?  My name is Kendra and
Master's name is Justin, but of course I just call him Master.  Master gave his
permission for me to write all my experiences because I love writing them and I
love that your reading them.  Some of you might not understand this kind of
love, but no matter what it looks like to you, Master loves me as dearly as I
love him and I am very grateful that he allows me the privilege of writing down
my stories.



	When Master came home from work Monday I knew he was in one of those
moods.

	"Where's my little fuckhole?"  

	I poked my head out of the kitchen where I was fixing dinner, "hello
Master"

	He was in the kitchen before I could even wash my hands, they were all
covered with flour from the chicken I was frying.  Master didn't notice though.
He had his fingers wrapped in a large portion of my hair shoving me over the
kitchen table. "Is that anyway for a slut to greet her Master?"  I knew I was in
trouble, you see Master requires me to always greet him on my knees, but he was
early coming home and I was in the middle of cooking which of course I was busy
telling him when he flipped my skirt up over my back, and pulled the crotch of
my panties off to the side. He forced his thick meat into my cunthole and really
fucked it hard.  I know everyone thinks all slaves are just always wet but there
not.  Well, I am not.  And sometimes when he uses his hole like that it really
hurts and this was one of those times.  I was groaning and whining begging him
to stop, well you can imagine he didn't like that at all.

	"First you can't greet your Master right and now your going to complain
about serving his cock?"  "Who owns this fuckhole anyway whore?"  He hadn't even
slowed down and was still pounding his hole.  

	"You do Master and your girl int complaining Master, I am sorry Master I
just wasn't ready"   



	Master jerked his cock out of my hole then and I knew I had said the
wrong thing.

	"that cunt doesn't deserve your Masters cock slave, and since your not
ready for it then you will do without it "

	"ohgod Master no please no...."  Master had forbid me before to be
allowed to have his cock in my cunt and nothing is worse ..  I dearly love my
Masters cock

	I was squirming on the table and begging him to forgive me and give me
another chance, though I knew it to be a futile act.  He was already jerking my
panties to my knees

	"you'll never grow up you'll never learn my little whore.  That fuckhole
belongs to me and I can do anything i want with it whenever I want to.  And your
only job is to always be ready to serve" "I guess I need to restart your
training all over again" He was already reaching to the kitchen drawer and
fumbling around in the utensil drawer.  I knew exactly what for and I hated that
spoon more than anything he had.  It not only hurts bad but it makes me feel so
much like a child being punished. "Spread those legs open slave" A few sharp
smacks to my thighs made me shuffle my feet out to the sides fast.  Master had
one hand against my lower back holding the skirt up and me pressed into the
table. My face was blotched now in the flour that I had been using on the
chicken.

	Master recounted every rule I had disobeyed as he swung the spoon
against my ass over and over, each painful blow was like an emphasis for each
word.

	I could already feel the burning welts growing on my ass and I knew for
sure I wouldn't be sitting with any ease for a while.  My whole body was jerking
as I cried and begged Master to forgive me.  The spanking stopped for a moment
and Master caressed each fiery welt with his hand. "Maybe I should just bring in
one cock after another and spread you out for them to fuck till my fuck hole
learns again what her purpose is"    Masters fingers slid between my cuntlips
opening them up while one finger was teasing my clit.  Shaking now from the pain
that pulsating through my body as much as the strong desire to cum.  Master
pushed the handle of the spoon up in my cunt wiggling it around, his fingers
still rubbing little circles over my puffy aching clit.  There was no doubt I
was dripping cunt juice now and wanted his cock more than ever. "oh please
Master please fuck me,"

	"you don't think that cunt is going to get fucked now do you bitch, you
had your Masters cock and you complained about it" He pulled the spoon from my
hole and pressed it to my lips.  I eagerly sucked my juices off of it.   Lifting
my hips up from the table thrusting back begging him to allow me to cum.  

	"you selfish little whore  your here to serve,  not to be served"   He
pulled the spoon from my mouth and turned it back to land several stinging blows
directly to my cunt"   my tears were now mixing with all the flour on my face
and my feet were dancing wildly trying to escape the pain Master was delivering
to my cunt. He then jerked my hair back . "get up whore.. on your feet" 

	As I found my footing he turned me around to face him.  I hung my head
shamefully still whimpering. "please Master forgive me, I am so sorry" It was so
embarrassing standing there with my panties still hanging to my knees and my
thighs were dripping wet from my juices.  His large hands lifted me from the
waist and sat me rather roughly on the table.  I squealed and squirmed as my
welted ass hit that table.  He pushed me back on my back, and the width of the
table was such that my head was dangling over the opposite side. His hands
wrapped around each ankle placing my feet wide apart and just on edge of the
table, with my panties still pulled tightly between my ankles.

	Master rounded the table to my head, there was the unmistakable sound of
his belt being jerked from the loops.  "Open your hole to me slut" His hand was
pressing against my chin keeping the back of my head flush with the side of the
table giving his huge cock a straight shot into my throat.  My whole body bucked
as I fought to accept the thick cock being stuffed into my mouth. He held my
face very firmly with his hand as he pumped in and out of me.  His balls were
slapping at my face cruelly as I gasped and gagged at the hard force with which
he was fucking my mouth.  Wet slurping sounds filled the air as his cock pressed
in and out of my tightly clamped lips.



	My hips jerked from the table forcing my knees further to the side
bringing my dripping cunt up like a target for the end of his belt.  He began
swinging the belt against my open cunt in rhythm with the fucking he was giving
my mouth.  My moans and screams of pain were muffled behind the slapping sounds
of his cock filling my mouth. He pulled back till my lips were sucking firmly on
just his head, giving me only a moment for a deep breath before plunging in
again and filling my mouth with his cum.  His hands were wrapped tightly in my
hair holding my face against is crotch as if it were a cunt.  I jerked and
gasped as the cum both choked me and spilled from my mouth dripping back down
over my eyes...I continued sucking him.  He pulled away almost as roughly as he
had entered my mouth just moments ago leaving my face coated and dripping...my
body limp across the table still trembling and needy.

	Master walked away and there was quiet for a few minutes. I raised my
head just in time to see him moving between my legs looking down at me, shaking
his head with what I knew was not a pleased look.

	"First my fuckhole says she is not ready for me, Then she burns the
dinner!" "Is there any reason I should not spend the rest of the night punishing
you Bitch?"

	I could think of a few, but I sure knew better than to mention them, so
I simply shook my head and said "no Master"

	Master shoved two fingers into my sloppy wet cunt, resting his thumb on
my clit..squeezing the all together roughly. "Tonight we go back to square one
and reteach you what your holes are designed for my little fuckhole"    I could
have cum right then had he not pulled his hand from me and grabbed my hands
pulling me up to a sitting position.

	He pulled the panties from my feet and wiped the cum from my face,
handed them to me telling me to put them back on.  Taking my chin in one hand
firmly, looking into my eyes he said sternly "Go and get my paddle while I order
some dinner"

	Groaning I left the room to retrieve his paddle, a long narrow hardwood
menacing tool that he only used for real punishment.  So this left no doubt that
he wasn't playing. I returned to the kitchen and tried once more to beg his
forgiveness.  My ass was already burning, my cunt lips were red and swollen from
the belt and I wasn't sure I could take anymore.  "Please Master, I am sorry. 
Please Don't use this paddle on your slave, I have learned my lesson! I swear I
will do anything for you Master, but my ass is already so sore!"

	Master moved behind me and lifted the back of my skirt, "Nonsense! Your
ass isn't even red anymore!  Stop whining and go to the den bitch!"

	The den.  This was a special place Master had designed himself and was
set off the back of the kitchen.



	It was a large room with all the makings of the average den but with a
few extras that were designed both for torture and pleasure, depending on his
mood.  Once in the den I went to the bar and fixed Master his favorite drink
hoping to lesson the punishment with a little sucking up.  It certainly couldn't
hurt my case could it?

	With the paddle still in one hand and the drink in the other I met
Master at the door of the den when he came in. "Master, Please, I am truly
sorry" I moved over close to him and nuzzled my head to his shoulder, pleading,
teasing, "You know I will Please you Master, Please forgive me and let me serve
you tonight" 

	Master took the drink in one hand and with the other caught my hair
pulling my head back.  "Stop stalling slut, give me the paddle and kneel beside
the stool"

	The Stool.  The stool was more like a footstool, but stood about 2 and
half feet high and was 2' X 3' in size.  This stool was where Master most often
carried out punishments. Underneath the stool attached to the four legs were
various straps that allowed Master to confine me as he chose and two chains
connecting to clamps.

	I walked over quietly and knelt nervously beside the stool, watching as
Master approached sipping at the drink.  He held the paddle to my face without a
word, but I could feel his eyes staring coldly at me.  I kissed the paddle
accepting with only a whimper of fear the pain that I knew would follow.



	"OK Kendra, you know the drill.  Over the stool, panties down. You
deserve what you have coming and you know it." 

	I only nodded and stood up tugging at the wet panties now sticking to me
from the cum and juices.   I wished he would just allow me to take them off but
Master enjoyed seeing them hanging at my knees like a child in trouble when he
punished me.  I pushed them to my knees spreading my legs out as far as they
would allow and draped myself over the stool, presenting my already sore ass in
the air.

	Master circled the stool making me tremble with anticipation, wishing he
would just hurry and get it over with.  He stood in front of me and handed me
the cold glass I had just prepared for him.  "Hold my drink slut, if you spill
it you will cause your punishment to continue through the evening, if your good,
you can shorten this considerably"    

	I took the drink in both hands and groaned that it was still about
two-thirds full, knowing this was near impossible.  I looked up to the grin on
his face, he knew it as well. Staring into the drink concentrating hard on
keeping it steady, I screamed out as the drink swirled dangerously close to the
lip of the glass when the first blow came down.  Master was standing off to the
side swinging the paddle hard into my ass leaving only seconds between each
painful delivery.  My knees didn't quite touch the ground, my legs stretched 
out across the floor jerking and kicking wildly as he continued the paddling,
each stroke making a loud smack, and leaving behind fiery welts.  He stopped for
a moment and I felt his hand inspecting the marks, rubbing each cheek. I was
whimpering trying hard to hold back the tears, and keep that drink still.  I
breathed a little easier since I had yet to allow it to spill.  His hand moved
down over my cunt dipping a finger between the lips and curling it inside my
hole, pulling hard, "Do you think you will remember what this fuckhole is for
slut?"

	"ohgod yes Master yes" I was nodding furiously, hoping this meant he was
through.

	He removed his finger suddenly and slapped my tender cunt hard.  The
smack took me by surprise and I jerked my knees up to the stool, causing the
drink to slosh over the sides spilling on my hands.  Every part of my cunt and
ass were throbbing and burning in pain, and still he brought the paddle down
sharply across each cheek twice more.  It was more than I could take and the
tears rushed from my eyes.  I was now sobbing, squirming, and begging. "please
ohgod please Master please no more!  I am sorry ... truly Master I am so sorry!"

	I was so glad to hear the door bell ring.  Master backed away a step and
my legs hung shaking next to the stool, the wet panties still hanging at my
knees, my ass was surely a crimson red mass of welts now, and I was crying and
whimpering like a baby.



	Master didn't move, he just yelled, "Come In!"

	My head jerked around looking at him. "Master the door!!  the door to
the den! Master he will see me!!"

	It was too late, the young man was already in the kitchen, though I
wasn't sure if he could see me or not and I froze in silence, hoping not to draw
attention. I was so embarrassed when I heard his voice. "Opps I am sorry Mr.
Justin I thought you said come in."  

	Donny was a young man in college that lived only a few doors down, he
was not a total stranger to our relationship but he had sure never seen me like
this before.

	I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "Yes, Donny I did, come on in
son, its OK. You see my little slut here burnt dinner and in general has been
very disrespectful. She is just getting a long overdue lesson in keeping her
place"  "How much do I owe you Don?"

	Donny stammered a bit, I am sure quite shocked at the site before him, a
blood red ass spread over the stool, completely exposed to his eager young eyes.
"umm uhhh  twelve...twelve eighty-five Sir"

	My face was completely hidden against the stool now and I couldn't wait
for Master to pay the boy so he would leave.



	"Here's a twenty son, Tell you what, you can either keep the change or I
could have this little slut give you your tip, Your choice"    " I know you've
been curious about our lifestyle, this could be your chance to learn about it"

	I gasped loudly, my cunt was dripping with excitement and I was dying of
embarrassment.  Master had shared me with other Masters before, but in a
different setting,  not just a delivery boy full of curiosity!

	"Are you sure Mr. Justin?"

	"Of course I am" The full spread of Masters hand came down with a loud
clap against the stinging welts from the paddle. "Spread your legs wider slut" I
groaned my unwillingness and was only met with another smack that made me slide
my legs quickly out stretching the panties between my knees feeling more ashamed
than I had ever felt. "You see Donny, this little whore is dripping like a
faucet, and you might be just what I need to teach her a good lesson"

	"Grab that pizza and a beer and we'll get started"

	Master stooped down at my head, lifted my chin. My eyes were still
filled with tears as I looked into his.  He took what was left of the drink,
shaking his head and whispered, "You'll make me proud little whore, won't you?"



	I knew it wasn't really a question, so I nodded and mumbled, "yes
Master"

	Master was still holding my chin in his hands looking directly into my
eyes as Donny reentered the room, "Stand up slut"

	I stood quickly, thankful that at least for now my skirt covered my
drippy cunt, even though my wet panties still hugged my knees.

	Master took a seat in one of a set of chairs that were angled around a
small table and motioned for Donny to join him with the pizza.  Donny joined
Master, helping himself to a piece of pizza and watching eagerly.

	"Get rid of those wet panties and come over here between us" I slipped
the panties off leaving them on the floor and moved the few steps to stand in
front of the table just between Master and Donny.

	"Tell Donny what you are Kendra."

	Bowing my head and lowering my eyes, "I am my Master's slave Sir"

	Master stood up and moved behind me. He circled me with both arms
untying the blouse that was tied just beneath my breast.  He pulled the shirt
back letting my breasts dance free and exposed for Donny's eyes.  "That she is,
she is fine slave too, one of the best. But today she is just a disobedient
fuckhole isn't that right slave?"

	With my eyes lowered I couldn't help but notice the huge bulge in
Donny's pants as he watched the display Master was putting on for him. "yes
Master"

	Master twirled me around, with one arm extended across my breast and the
other flipping my skirt up over my back and pushing me into a bent position.
"Tell Donny what happens to disobedient fuckhole's, whore"

	My face was as red as my ass now, "The are punished Master" 

	He was rubbing his hands over the tender welts.  His arm moved from
beneath me to the back of my head keeping it pushed down. "spread your cheeks
whore and tell Donny what those holes are for"

	I reached back and pulled my red cheeks wide apart, "They are my Masters
holes and they are for whatever he wants to do with them."

	"That's right, Donny, every man needs a few holes, and right here we
have three good fuckhole's, to use, fuck, give away, or rent out." I could hear
Donny gulping down a beer and knew  he was probably hard as a brick right now.
"Lets get a closer look Donny, and see what they might be worth."  Master moved
away from me. "grab your ankles bitch."

	My fingers were tight on my ankles and my legs opened wide. I could see
Donny through my legs, his eyes locked on my drippy hole. It was almost kinda
funny if I hadn't been so embarrassed. Masters feet were again at my side.

	"This is what I call my cunt spreader, made it myself, does a good job
of opening up the merchandise"

	I cringed, cuz I knew what he had and after that belt beating I was so
sore I wasn't sure I could handle that nasty little thing, but I wasn't gonna
get much choice.  It was about a 3 inch thin steel bar with nasty little clamps
on each side.  He could attach them to each of my pussy lips and damned if those
things let go so easily.

	Master slapped my ass hard, "spread those legs wider fuckhole!"

	I spread my legs as wide as I could, almost putting me off balance, and
wondered did he know how hard it was to stand like this.

	I couldn't help but scream when he attached the first clip. With my lips
so swollen and red, it hurt so bad!!  Tears were already   rolling down my cheek
when he spread the lips wide attaching the other clip.  I jerked and bounced
around unable to stand still for the pain.

	Donny's voice sounded very concerned. "wow, Sir.  Is she OK?"

	Master popped my thigh with his hand.  "Yea course she is, they all get
a little jumpy when you open em up, but if you keep em open for a little while
now and then they don't forget so easily what that hole is for." 

	I was still squirming and crying when Master sat back down and started
eating his pizza and drinking his beer.  It was so humiliating standing there
all bent over and spread open, cream dripping down my thighs while they ate and
drank like I was not even there.

	"So what do you do with her now?" Donny's voice was shaky and anxious.

	Master laughed, reached out and gave the bar a little tug making me
screech and jerk. "we do anything we damn well please with her, that's what she
is here for."  Master snapped a stinging blow to my ass which I knew was his
crop. "get on your hands and knees fuckhole"

	moving to my hands and knees made me cry and groan more.  I almost feel
to my hands and knees, moving my legs was hard with that bar forcing them so far
apart. "please please master, it hurts sooooo bad" i was sobbing and pleading
for him to take it off.

	"quit your whining fuckhole and go get my toilet, this damn beer is
going right through me!"

	I knew what he wanted and groaned, pleading. "master pleaseeeeeeee
pleaseee don't make me do this!" this was hard enough when we were alone, but
for the pizza boy to be watching this display was terrible! I would never want
to order pizza again, and he was just a boy, I knew he would be talking bout
this to everyone!

	Master swung the crop hard between my legs jarring the little bar making
the pain excruciating!  I screamed out loud and jerked away...began crawling
instantly across the room.     

	"See what happens when you go easy on em Donny, they forget their damn
place!"

	Donny was quiet, I knew he was probably shocked and had not clue what to
say.  I nearly waddled back across the floor, taking slow easy strides trying to
keep that bar from pulling so hard on my poor tortured lips.  I was gripping in
my teeth a small plastic bowl, Masters portable toilet he called it. My face was
streaked in tears and bright red.  I was sure Donny would think we were truly
sick people, and couldn't help but wonder if Master had a clue what he was
doing.







	When I was in front of Master again, he finished the last of the beer
and looked at Donny. "you see friend this is what I call my portable toilet!
Great for football games, all the guys love it!  You never have to miss a great
play again. Drink all you want and the toilet comes crawling to you as it
should!"

	I glanced at Donny thinking he was probably ready to cum in his pants
right now, and my pussy twitched when I saw how huge the bulge was in his pants.
Master stood up and pulled out his cock, aiming at the bowl I held for him.  The
warm piss splattered on my face as he filled the bowl up. I set the bowl down on
the floor to the side and stretched my head up to Masters cock and began licking
it clean. I strained to push my face up between his legs, licking his cock and
balls, licking his ass and making sure he was clean.  He zipped his pants up,
sat down and opened another beer.

	"Be polite fuckhole, we have company!"

	I moaned in embarrassment and picked up the bowl again in my mouth,
turning to Donny and holding it up for him.

	"Go ahead son, don't be shy here!"

	Donny stuttered a bit, I knew he was probably as embarrassed as I was
"no sir I really don't need to right now." Then he grinned, "but I would like to
keep that offer open for later on!"



	"No problem, you just call for it when your ready."  Master then looked
down at me. "I think what our company needs is to be serviced right now
fuckhole."

	While I was putting the bowl down off to the side again, Master
explained to Donny. "Ok son, my little toy here has 3 holes, a cunt, a facecunt
and an asshole, you just tell her which one to present to you. Use whatever you
like!"

	"Are you sure Sir? I mean ......you want me to fuck your wife?"

	"no no you have that all wrong son!  What we have here is a fuckhole, a
damn good one too if I say so myself.  If were gonna teach you how to master a
fuck hole you might as well start by fucking one!"

	Donny fished his cock out without anymore coaxing. "Well, ummm I think I
would like her cunt, if you don't mind"

	Master laughed, holding up his hand. "No no no!  its not up to her to
mind or not mind! If you want to fuck the cunt, then just issue the command. 
present the cunt! Or present the facecunt, or asshole.  just whatever you want!"

	Donny nodded.  "OK, I got it!"  He gained a little confidence in his
voice and barked out. "present the cunt!"  Master leaned  back in his chair
laughing as he picked up another slice of pizza. "there ya go! Your gonna make a
fine Master!"

	I turned around and put my face on the floor, lifting my ass way up in
the air, with my legs still spread widely apart, presenting my now very wet
cunt. I was throbbing in pain, and Donny could easily see how my cunt was
twitching.

	"You can just grab that bar and get that thing out of your way Don."

	Before i thought about it I whimpered, "NO" "ohgod Master it already
hurts soooooo bad!!!"  i was twisting and squirming knowing how much it would
hurt being jerked off my lips.

	Master jumped from his chair and jerked my head up from the floor,
slapping me across the face hard.  "No fuckhole of mine will ever disrespect me
in that way!

	Donny didn't wait another minute but jerked the cruel clamps off my lips
and thrust his huge cock into my pussy almost in the same move.

	Master went to his knees and before I could prepare had pulled his cock
from his pants and was fucking my mouth in rhythm with the cock in my pussy.  I
heard Donny groaning as he came almost instantly!



	Master pulled his cock out of my mouth and walked away without cumming. 
I dropped my head to the floor whimpering quietly.

	"Get over there and clean our guest up fuckhole!"

	Donny had sat back in the chair breathing hard, I crawled up between his
legs, lickin all around his cock.  God it was huge! Each time my tongue swirled
around he jumped and his cock stood up for me.

	"On your back bitch! present my cunt!"  Master was standing over me
again.

	I rolled over on my back, pulling my knees out to the side and grabbing
them with my hands holding my cunt open.  I was rocking and lifting my hips off
the floor, rolling my head and moaning.  I wanted to cum so bad and I wanted
more of Donny's massive cock, but I couldn't dare say that to Master!

	Master began stroking his cock over me. "you know your going to be
punished for saying no don't you fuckhole?

	I whimpered shaking my head,  "yes Master, i am sorry Master"

	He was still stroking his cock hard. "you know you deserve to be
punished don't you fuckhole?"



	lifting my hips from the floor and squirming as i watched him stroking
his cock. "yes Master"

	The first creamy blob splattered my face, and he aimed his cock up and
down my body, covering my tummy then finishing with heavy spurts of cum coating
his cunt. The warmth of his cum hitting my throbbing clit was almost more than I
could bear, I was twisting and moaning. "pleaseeeeee Master pleaseee your
fuckhole needs to cum so badly!"

	He shook his cock letting the last of cum drip over me. He looked back
to Donny. "You think we outta let the little fuckhole cum for us?"

	"Yes, Mr. Justin. Oh yes, I would love to see her cum!"

	"well its your training session Don, the hole is yours to command! tell
her what you want. But these little holes aren't too bright, so you better be
exact in your commands." With that Master returned to his chair, grabbing his
beer and watching the show.

	Donny was now standing with one foot on either side of my head, his cock
still hanging from his pants.  "Go ahead hole, make yourself cum for us. Play
with that nasty cunt like you want to."

	I didn't care anymore, my fingers quickly found my messy 

	pussy and began rubbing my clit hard and fast.  Donny was slowly
stroking his cock again as he watched me.  I bucked off the floor moaning as my
hand flew up and down the creamy slit.  I held my breath as my own cum mixed
with my Masters deposits on my cunt. I was shaking all over and floating in
pleasure.  Donny was spraying a fresh round of cum all over me as I screamed in
my own orgasm.  When I finally collapsed, going limp on the floor, Donny walked
away and sat down again.

	I lay there quietly as he and Master talked.  "Well, Don, what do you
think? ya think you could like having your own little fuckhole?"

	Donny laughed, "Sign me up man!"

	"Its a lot more responsibility than your average girlfriend ya know. But
you will learn all that soon enough" "right now that little fuckhole still has a
punishment coming, though she thinks we've forgotten that.  They are evil I'm
telling you, They will try to get away with anything they can and its up to you
to be on top of things!"

	"Your definitely a lucky man Mr. Justin"

	"yes I am Don, she is a damn good little fuckhole and I just happen to
love her!"

	I smiled as I listened.



	"I would be glad to teach you more about this lifestyle we have here if
you are interested. Maybe we'll even throw a party and invite some unclaimed
slaves for you to pick from. She could use a little cage time I think,"

	"yes Sir! I would love that! Nothing can compare to this and I am
anxious to learn all about it!"

	Master stood up in a way that indicated it was over for today. "Well son
then its settled, I am proud to take you under my wing and teach you everything
you need to know to become a respectable Master."

	Donny shook Masters hand and they made their way to the kitchen. "I
guess I can count on you to deliver the pizza next time right?" Master laughed
as he opened the door.

	Donny stepped outside laughing, "yes Sir....on the house!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kendra


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





