BDSM Library - Mr. Miller's 4th of July Party




Mr. Miller's 4th of July Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I finally learn what happened to the girls at Mr. Miller's Christmas Party.Authors note: This is a sequel to Mr. Miller's Christmas story. You may want
  to read that one first.  
Mr. Miller's 4th of July Party  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
Time moved slowly between Christmas and the 4th of July. Not a day went by
  that I didn't think about the events that occurred at Mr. Miller's Christmas
  party. It didn't help that I'd frequently run into people I saw at the party,
  but couldn't say anything because they didn't know I was even there. No one
  did, aside from the Millers and the other Santas, that is. I saw Mr. Miller's
  car at our gas station a couple of days before the 4th. He rolled down the
  window, and I raced over. He didn't say anything...just gave me a wink. His
  driver, though, gave me an invitation. I was really psyched, happy that I'd
  proved myself worthy.  
The 4th turned out to be a bright sunny day. Not too hot, but hot enough
  for a bikini for the women's bodies and the men's eyes. Mr. Miller must have
  had one rule: a red bikini. It had to be more than a coincidence that all the
  women wore them, while the guys were dressed in an assortment of swimwear.  
Debbie was there, hanging out with Mary. They were both looking good. My
  face flushed when I saw the blonde that I'd had so much fun with saunter by.
  I gave her a smile. (I was right, she didn't even acknowledge my existence.)
  I kept waiting for a chance to talk with all of them, but really, what was
  I going to say? I guess I chickened out and just enjoyed the beer, the bods,
  and the bands.  
After what happened at the Christmas party I was expecting some wild stuff.
  But there was nothing really, other than a simple wet-tee-shirt contest. I
  did hear that there were a couple of hot chicks giving blowjobs in the upper
  bathroom for a hundred bucks a pop. Of all days to leave my money at home.
  (Ahem!)  
Even though it was a bit of a let-down, I did have a great time and couldn't
  wait for the next Miller party. Unfortunately that never happened. The newspaper
  reported that the FBI and the IRS were after him, and they had already seized
  all of his property. I followed the story as the weeks went by, but they never
  caught up to him.  
(The locals liked to joke that maybe he's hanging out with Whitey Bulger.)  
As the months turned into years, I never really stopped wondering what happened
  to the girls before and after the Christmas party. I finally ran into Debbie
  one night at a birthday party and got up enough nerve to flat out ask her about
  the Christmas party. She wasn't really talking, although she did remember seeing
  me at the 4th party. Later in the night, fuelled by alcohol, I told her I was
  one of the Santas. Then, having got her attention. I whispered into her ear, "You
  were great that night."  
She flashed me a dirty look, and then she laughed. I was a little confused.
  She finally said that she knew it wasn't me because her Santa was a lot shorter
  than I was. She pulled me close and gave me a quick feel and said rather archly
  that even for a short guy he had a bigger dick then I did. Then (as if I needed
  more), she threatened to kill me if I told anyone.  
And that was that.  
But it didn't end my search. If anything, it was now becoming an obsession,
  even though I knew how pathetic that was. I should have moved on, but it had
  its hooks into me.  
But, finally, about a decade after the party, I would get my answers.  
It began with a stroke of luck that came in the form of a tall blonde named
  Candy. Candy used to live next to me growing up (when she was known as Candice),
  and we were always good friends. She was also Debbie's best friend back then.  
After years of traveling abroad, she moved back into town, and we picked
  right back up with our friendship, which finally turned into a sexual one,
  one lonely rainy night. It didn't last too long, however, as we weren't a good
  match. We were both dominant, both in bed and out, so it just didn't work.  
Truth be told, the main reason it didn't work is that Candy likes to humiliate
  -- sexually humiliate, both men and women. I found this out for the first time
  when she used to be a cheerleader back in high school, but got thrown off the
  squad for hazing. God, if you could hear some of her drunken stories about
  what she used to make those poor girls do.... (But I'm sworn to secrecy.)  
I got a taste for myself one night when she announced that she wanted to
  ride me naked like a stallion (not that way), complete with a horse's bit in
  my mouth, and a horsehair dildo up my butt, while she beat me with a riding
  crop. Of course, I laughed it off, but then she emptied this bag onto the bed,
  and there was her equipment, just like she said. I looked at her in disbelief.
  She was serious. I can take a lot, but this was too much just to get laid.
  The relationship cooled with my refusal, but we managed to stay friends.  
One night after way too many beers I even told her the Christmas story. She
  called me the next day and wanted to hear it again. She even came over for
  a third telling.  
It seem to light a flame in her. I think the biggest reason was that Debbie
  was involved. She also didn't seem to know anything about Mr. Miller or his
  parties and was a little pissed that she hadn't been invited.  
Candy went on and on about Mary. It seemed like they were still friends but
  she felt that Debbie had turned into a snob over the years. Debbie was now
  married-with-children to this old rich lawyer worth millions, living the glamorous
  life -- facts which Candy said Debbie was all too happy to point out. Candy
  moved to Vegas shortly after that (she never stayed in one place for too long),
  and I thought I lost my last chance at ever finding out what had happened.  
Then about a year later I got a UPS package. It arrived a couple of days
  after my 31st birthday. Inside was an audio cassette tape and a handwritten
  note.  
It simply read:  
 Happy birthday, Steven.  
 Listen, do with it what you want and get on with your life.  
 Whips and chains, Candy.  
I chuckled and picked up the tape cassette. I was a little perplexed. I mean,
  who has a tape player nowadays. I took it to the local Radio Shack, and the
  geeky sales guy hooked me up with a cheap player and some headphones. I couldn't
  even wait to get home; I plunked in the batteries and listened to it right
  there in the parking lot.  
When the tape started, I was a little slow on the up-take, but it soon came
  to me that it was a taped phone conversation between Candy and Debbie. It started
  with some small talk about Debbie's perfect kids and her husband's big cases.
  I yawned, but came to attention when Candy asked, "Debbie, can I ask you something?"  
"Sure, Candy. What's on your mind? Your voice sounds funny tonight."  
"Really, yeah, been fighting a bug that's all. Anyways, how was the wedding,
  Debbie?"  
"Fine. It was for business, had to make an appearance. Everybody got sloshed.
  Just put hubby to bed. You know, men."  
"Sounds like you had a few yourself."  
"Yeah, but just wine. Someone had to drive home."  
"Yeah, I'm having a drink myself. You?"  
"Shhh...a little gin and tonic. Don't have to drive now, just sitting next
  to the fireplace."  
"I won't tell. Hey, Debbie, I was at the Mirage the other day, and I got
  a panic attack. I swear there was this guy in there playing craps, who looked
  just like Mr. Miller."  
(Candy was lying here, I could tell it in her voice. She wasn't a real good
  liar, so I wondered where she was going with this.)  
"Mr. Who?"  
"You know...Mr. Miller. I never knew his first name."  
(Silence.)  
"Hello, Debbie. You know who I'm taking about; it wasn't that long ago."  
(More Silence.)  
"You see Debbie, I know you went to his parties."  
"W-what?" (Debbie mumbled.) "How?"  
(Candy giggled a bit.) "You remember I dated Steven for a while. He told
  me he saw you there at one of the famous 4th of July parties. I think it was
  the last one."  
"Who, Steven?"  
"Yeah."  
"Oh, that asshole." (Ouch. I thought we were still friends.)  
"I see you know him."  
"God, you don't still see him?" (What, do I have the plague or something?)  
"Ah, no, I don't see him. I live in Vegas now. He's still in Vermont."  
"Yeah, that's probably where he'll die, too. I can't believe you slept with
  him?"  
"Yeah, me either." (Now that sounded way too convincing.) "But don't try
  and change the subject. I was talking about Mr. Miller's parties."  
"What? It was a 4th of July party. You know: fireworks, beer, hotdogs, music,
  and that's all."  
"That's all, eh?" (Candy prodded.)  
"Y-yeah, What?"  
"Debbie, do you remember that I'm a year older than you are?"  
"Of course, so?"  
"So I turned 21 first, like one year before...."  
"I know, so?"  
"So, I'm trying to say that a year before you went...."  
"Oh my god, you went too."  
"Bingo." (And the hook had been planted.)  
"I-I, Ah, never knew that, but why now?"  
"I was always too embarrassed, and, like I said, I just ran into a...."  
"I know, a guy who looked like Mr. Miller, but it wasn't...?"  
"No, just looked like him, but a flood of crazy memories rushed back."  
"I've tried to forget."  
"It was pretty crazy, eh?"  
"Yeah, blame it on our youth."  
"What was crazy was I actually had a good time at his 4th of July party."  
"Yeah, I guess I did too, but I was on pins and needles all day."  
"Yeah, like waiting for something weird to happen...."  
"Yeah, I know what you mean, Candy."  
"Something weird...like say...at his Christmas parties."  
"Emmm."  
"Yeah, every time I see a guy in a Santa suit."  
"You, too?" Debbie gushed.  
"Yeah, I can't even go to the mall around Christmas time."  
"Yeah, but you don't have kids...that's when it will get really hard."  
"Right, of course." (Candy moaned, before she added.) "How many?"  
"What?"  
"Santas. How many did you get?"  
"Look, I don't want to talk about this."  
"C'mon, I was right there, the year before, so I know, I know. Jesus, I had
  to take on two Santas." (Maybe Candy is a little better liar than I thought.) "Maybe
  if we talk about it we can finally put it behind us. I mean, no one I know
  has been willing to talk. It might help me as much as it helps you. Think of
  this as therapy." (Yeah, really good.)  
"I don't know."  
"Well, we should start from the beginning, like I was surprised to find out
  that you were involved."  
"I know. I wasn't as out-going as you."  
"Emmm-hum." (I swear I heard Candy biting her tongue.)  
"But Mary and me had become good friends after high school, and she just
  broke up with that lacrosse guy, so she talked me into going. Silly us. We
  thought we could just pop on by, and they'd let us in."  
"Did you know anything?"  
"No, I had heard about his parties of course but didn't REALLY know about
  them."  
"Did Mr. Miller give you that 'you got to prove yourself' line?"  
"Oh, yeah, but only after."  
"After?"  
"Well, first we made fools of ourselves by showing up at his 4th party uninvited.
  The guards just laughed us away. We even tried to talk some of the guys into
  getting us in, but it seemed if you didn't have an invitation you didn't get
  in. We really felt like a couple of losers."  
(Candy giggled.)  
"And after that I didn't think about it much until I got home for Christmas
  break. (Debbie went to some fancy university in Europe.) Mary called me the
  first day I was back, excited that she ran into Mr. Miller, and begged and
  finally got an invitation for us to a gathering at his place. Can you believe
  she called THAT a gathering?"  
"What, his Christmas party?"  
"No, it was like a week before the Christmas party...didn't you have to go
  through that too?"  
"I...ah...no."  
"Really, then how did you get invited; you were a local, too?"  
"I...ah...."  
"Never mind, I think I get it. You were always good on your knees."  
"WHAT!" (I held my breath. Candy seemed to be on the brink of blowing it
  -- as it were.)  
"Just teasing, but don't feel bad, I'm not too proud of my actions that day
  either. I should have let Mary go it alone, but she was my friend."  
"Yeah, you didn't want to turn your back on a friend, and you're telling
  me you didn't really want to go either."  
"Ummm, not that bad."  
"So what happened?"  
"It was a cattle call. Basically a bunch of locals for the Millers to play
  with."  
(I wonder why I never thought of it that way.)  
"And?"  
"And...nothing."  
"C'mon, you have to tell me now."  
"Really, I have too?"  
"Yeah, I promise I won't tell anyone."  
(After a lengthy pause.) "You better not."  
"I won't, I swear." (Does this tape qualify as "telling" me?)  
"Well, I don't know why I'm telling you this, but that night (I think it
  was a Saturday night), Mary and I found ourselves in Mr. Miller's bar area.
  It was real nice. There were a couple of girls there along with Mr. Miller
  and his son...Derek, I think his name was. And I remember a couple of large
  men roaming around."  
"His name was Derek. Now talk about assholes."  
"Yeah, but it was the first time I met him or Mr. Miller, so I had no idea.
  I was a worldly 21. I should have been smarter then these girls. Anyways, more
  and more women started showing up. I knew a couple of them from around town
  but none too well."  
"How many?"  
"Don't know really, maybe twenty or so. The bar area was pretty full. We
  were just sitting around drinking. The wine was flowing pretty good. Must have
  been why you had to be 21, although no one checked IDs. I figure the boozing
  was planned, now that I think about it."  
"So what happened?"  
"Well, after a while, Mr. Miller went behind the bar and called everyone
  around. He started yapping, making this speech, nothing memorable, until he
  said that he knew that we all wanted to go to his parties, but he only had
  a need for ten of us. And then he dropped the 'so first you're going to have
  to prove yourselves' line. I should have grabbed Mary by the hair and dragged
  her out of there."  
"But you didn't."  
"Obviously, but that was only the start. Then he starts to tell us about
  the Christmas party. He made it sound so innocent. But I remember the room
  being dead quiet as he spoke."  
"What'd he say?"  
"I don't remember his exact words -- I was too flustered -- but I knew he
  wanted us to play in some sort of sex game, for a chance to win ten thousand
  dollars. He even had a brief case full of money, which he opened up and passed
  around."  
"That's a lot of money."  
"Yeah, especially all in tens and twenties. But I was insulted, I mean, how
  dare he...."  
"That's what you say now, but back then you were just another college girl."  
"I was never 'just another college girl,' though I guess it would have come
  in handy. But I'm no whore."  
"Uh, huh."  
"None of us were, but maybe you're right, the chance to win a lot of money
  may have played a small part. But, still, I had no idea what I was getting
  into when I agreed to participate. Funny, there were a lot of nervous faces,
  and yet no one said 'no.' It's like each of us was afraid to be the first to
  say it. He let it be known after we all said yes that no one could change their
  mind now. When he said that, I started to really get nervous. It was like his
  whole persona changed."  
"How?"  
"Well, up to this point he'd been friendly and smiling. Now he glared and
  a smirked, and then he even turned a little slimy."  
"Slimy?"  
"Yeah, he said he had some questions for us and he went to the end of the
  bar and asked this blonde her name, but that was just for starters. Then he
  asked her if she liked sex, how many guys she'd slept with, how many men she'd
  sucked, and even if she took it up the butt. Only, he was a little more lewd
  about it. He went around and asked us all. It was so embarrassing, because
  when it was your turn you had to say your answers so everyone could hear."  
"Did you lie?"  
"I had nothing to lie about. I'd been with a couple of guys in high school
  and a couple in college, nothing kinky. But I didn't want to broadcast it.
  Then he let it be known that if a guy picked us, we'd have to do 'anything'
  he wanted. Well, that did it for me; I wasn't going to be someone's plaything."  
"But you stayed?"  
"Yeah, I figured I'd stick out the night and then talk Mary into never ever
  going back."  
"What else happened that night?"  
"Nothing much."  
"C'mon.... Something happened."  
"God, I can't tell yah this part."  
"Did-did you have to see the doctor?"  
"What? Wait, how did you know?"  
"I knew it! I mean, I did, too. It was so embarrassing."  
"Yeah, it always is, but the way Mr. Miller did it...Jesus."  
"But at least the doctor was pretty."  
"Pretty! Pretty! Yeah, pretty ugly."  
"You didn't think she was pretty?"  
"SHE! You got a she. No, we got this old gray-haired man, really homely looking
  and creepy. But first we had to see this heavy nurse in the bathroom for a
  blood test. I think it was for HIV. We had to fill out a form, and she wrote
  a number on the back of our hand. I hadn't had a lot of blood tests, but she
  didn't seem concerned about the wine we were drinking. It didn't matter; I
  wasn't planning on coming back for the results, anyways."  
"Then you saw the doctor?"  
"Eventually. After all of us had our blood tests we were kind of spread out
  around the room. Mary and I were hanging out by this pinball game, but still
  it was pretty quiet. Mr. Miller introduced us to the doctor and another guy,
  who I think was his other son. He was holding a video camera. This drew some
  protest, but they said it was for the doctor's safety, because he was a real
  doctor...some BS about malpractice. He also reminded us to be on our best behavior
  because they were only going to invite ten of us to the party. That was funny,
  'cause I'm not sure any of us wanted to go anymore. Mr. Miller turned it over
  to the doctor."  
"What he say?"  
"Well, first he explained that he was going to screen us all for STDs and
  check our overall health and fitness, but first...."  
(After a lengthy pause Candy asked,) "First what?"  
"He said, first we should.... "  
"Strip?" (Cool.)  
"Yeah, that's what he said, but not as lewdly as Derek, who was marching
  around the room, saying it over and over. We were stunned. No one was moving."  
"What you do?"  
"I looked a Mary and asked her if she wanted to leave. She nodded, and we
  turned  
to leave, and that's when we saw...them."  
"Them?"  
"Yeah, there were a couple of brawny looking thugs wearing sunglasses, their
  arms crossed, standing in the doorway. We looked for another door, but that
  was the only way out."  
"Wow, you were trapped."  
"Yeah, and about that time Mr. Miller came over and asked us why we weren't
  undressing. He wasn't really wise about it, simply asking us if we ever had
  an exam with our clothes on, before teasing us about being shy. He said something
  about helping and then he reached over and started un-buttoning Mary's blouse.
  She batted his hands away and said she could do it. Then he stepped back as
  she undressed. He flashed me a stern look, and this got me going. He didn't
  leave until all of our clothes were piled onto the pinball game."  
"All of them?"  
"Yep, everything but our shoes. We tried to stop at our underwear but he
  wanted all of it off. Around the room there were naked women in all directions.
  I've never seen so many naked breasts in my entire life. Oh, god, and then...."  
"What?"  
"That Derek guy came over with a red marker. He drew the same number that
  was on the back of my hand onto -- onto my ass-cheek, like a side of beef."  
"Golly. What number were you?"  
"Does it really matter...? I was a seven, alright, a fucking seven."  
"Geez, lucky number seven."  
"Wicked. Well, the doctor went in order, and, all too soon, he was over to
  me. He worked quickly, since he had a lot of flesh to get to. He had a stethoscope,
  and he used that first before doing a quick breast exam, which surprised me,
  because I hadn't been watching the others go. Then he had me move over to the
  pool table and lie back and spread my legs. I thought I might die. I mean,
  right there in the room full of people, I'm spread out like a porn chick on
  the pool table while this ugly guy spreads my pussy open in all directions.
  He even stuck his finger inside of me and swished it around. He never even
  tried to put me at ease. No chit-chat; I just did what he wanted.... And the
  worst part of it all...."  
"The camera?"  
"Yeah, that guy with the camera, peering over his shoulder, getting it all
  on film. Finally, I had to lean over the pool table and look back and say my
  name and number into the camera. The tape of my so-called exam still haunts
  me to this very day. God, if my husband ever found out. Did they tape your
  exam, too?"  
"Me? Ah...no."  
"Figures."  
"Right.... Then what?"  
"Well, after Mary went through the same embarrassment, we got dressed and
  got the fuck out of there. Oh, Mr. Miller told us before we left that he'd
  be in contact to let us know what ten were picked. I couldn't believe it. He
  actually thought some of us would still want to come back to his place after
  what we'd just been through. Ten grand be damned, I wasn't coming back."  
"But you did."  
"Obviously, but I, ah, not when I left. I wasn't planning on ever returning,
  and neither was Mary."  
"Do tell."  
"Well, after we left we didn't really talk about what happened. I think all
  week went by before she called me and suggested we go out dancing to blow off
  some steam. I think it was also her theory that we must not have been picked
  because we hadn't heard from Mr. Miller. So, with relief, we dressed for a
  night of dancing."  
"You never made it there, did yah?"  
"No, when we were walking out to her car, a large black limo pulled up and
  this huge guy gets out and opens the back door. He never even said anything.
  We peeked in and saw Mr. Miller. The big goon pushes us in before the car pulls
  off. The first thing he does is introduce us to this beautiful blonde dressed
  in a shimmering red dress. She was made-up, heavily -- and chewing gum, feverishly.
  I didn't catch her name, but can you say bimbo?"  
"Just the four of you in back?"  
"Yeah, but the glass was down so his 'beef' wasn't far away. They never were."  
"He picked you two?"  
"Yeah, that was the next thing he said, and then he told us when and what
  time. Mary tried to explain that we weren't interested. She was nervous, so
  I tried to help, but Mr. Miller wasn't happy. He pointed out that we already
  said we were in, and it was too late. Like I said, he wasn't happy. Actually,
  he said he was insulted."  
"Then what happened?"  
"Gee, why so excited?"  
"Sorry, it just sounds so...."  
"It was nerve racking, is what it was. We knew we were out of our league
  with this guy and his whole crew. And then he tells us that we will both be
  at his house, and we'd better be on time. I tried once again to politely explain,
  but he shook his head and leaned forward and flipped on this small TV. When
  it started up it was a little out of focus, but then it cleared up."  
"Oh, my, it was the tape his son took."  
"Yeah, you're paying attention. He made us watch. First the doctor with me
  and then with Mary. It was the first time I saw Mary's exam because I didn't
  want to watch it when it happened. I couldn't believe the doctor had had Mary
  climb on her back onto the pinball machine like that. She even had had to lift
  her legs high into the air. It was so not right. Of course, the camera zoomed
  right in between her legs as the doctor probed her with his fingers. It was
  tough to watch. The other thing I couldn't believe was that Mary had shaved
  her pussy completely, so you could see everything."  
"So he blackmailed you?"  
"I guess. I mean, he never made a specific threat, but it was enough that
  we both agreed to participate when he asked us again."  
"Then he dropped you off?"  
"Ah...yeah."  
"Wait, Debbie, what else happened?"  
"Nothing."  
"Don't lie, I can hear it in your voice, silly girl."  
"Jesus, I know you're enjoying this, but please."  
"Maybe a little."  
"I shouldn't tell you this but -- what the hell, I've told you this much.
  Before he dropped us off he had a little fun with us."  
"He had sex with both of you?"  
"No, a different fun."  
"Huh?"  
"Well, like I said he wasn't happy.... Think punishment."  
"Oh, oh..., OH! He spanked you?"  
"Ah-hah. Well, Mr. Miller spanked me, and the blonde did Mary. It was also
  the blonde's idea that it be a bare bottom one. That bitch. But that's all
  I'm saying about that. Before he dropped us off he handed us invitations and
  told us to not worry about what to wear because he'd have something for us
  but he said we should do up our hair and makeup. I think he said look 'hot.'
  Then he...."  
"Then he...?"  
"The last thing he said as we got back to Mary's car was that he wanted us
  both shaved...ah, down there."  
"Like Mary."  
"Yeah, but I knew he meant me. If it couldn't get any worse."  
"So how did that go?"  
"Just one more humiliating step. Later that night, Mary showed me how she
  did it, and then I tried it. It was so weird. I mean, I'm sitting on the edge
  of the counter shaving myself in front of my girlfriend. Although, Mary had
  to help around my, you know...."  
"Asshole."  
"Easy for you to say."  
"So you were shaved clean?"  
"Yeah, for the first and only time. So, anyways, after a sleepless night
  in which we changed our minds a million times, we finally decided it'd be best
  if we went. There were just too many unknowns to not go."  
"He was pretty scary."  
"Yeah, but I wonder if it was all an act. Anyways, Mary drove us over. The
  drive was eerily quiet. I think Mary knew I was more than a little mad at her.
  I mean, this was her stupid idea in the first place, and yet, I knew she had
  had no idea that any of this was going to happen. In fact, I don't think any
  of us did. Only now am I guessing that that was Mr. Miller's master plan. Think
  about it. With his money why not just pay ten whores? They're not too hard
  to find."  
"Just stick to the story."  
"Right. When we got there, all the girls together, it's easy to see that
  he picked the ten of us who looked the best...well, naked. Mr. Miller, dressed
  in a black tux, finally sauntered in. He was back to his chipper personality.
  He tried to put us at ease. Then he broke out that case with the money and
  started explaining the rules. He made it sound so simple. I looked over at
  Mary and wanted to strangle her. I mean, up to this point, I just thought I
  might have to have sex with some guy. But now I knew it was all luck of the
  draw. Could be one guy, two, three, maybe more. When he paused, a bunch of
  us tried to ask questions simultaneously, but he just glared at us, and then
  he went right on with what he was saying...and it just got worse and worse."  
"What he say?"  
"He explained that he was only giving them one hour, so we all needed to
  be prepped for sex, since he had a feeling the guys were going to skip the
  foreplay. He made it sound logical, but I kind of felt it was just an excuse
  to play some more of his power games with us. His sons walked into the room
  with a couple of hulks shadowing them. At least they didn't have cameras. They
  gave each of us a brown shopping bag and a marker, and we had to spread out.
  We all had to write our names and our numbers from last time on the bags. Then
  we had to open them and place them at our feet. When we were all ready, they
  collected the markers. My heart was pounding. I had a bad feeling."  
"Why the bag?"  
"A little slow, girl. Mr. Miller cleared his throat and said that frigging
  'S'  
word."  
"S-word...? Wait.... 'Strip'?"  
"Yeah, I REALLY hate that word. Why couldn't he just say undress or disrobe?"  
"Because you weren't...you were stripping. Stripping for their viewing pleasure."  
"Yeah, well, as it turned out, but he could have at least said 'please.'
  This time no one tried stopping at underwear. It was like we all knew he meant
  to the skin. They even wanted our shoes this time. His sons came around and
  collected the bags. Funny, when they took them away, I really felt naked --
  buck naked. I had to look around the room at the nine other naked women just
  for comfort. It was brief because Mr. Miller said something about oral sex."  
"Really, wow, who did you have to blow?"  
"You're such a pig. Although, that's what I thought, too. But in walked that
  blonde bimbo again followed by a red haired mini-bimbo, both wearing slinky
  red dresses. Mr. Miller handed them both something while he was telling us
  to form two lines. I snuck in behind Mary, but watched as the blonde stuck
  these 'things' on a couple of barstools."  
"Things?"  
"Yeah, I don't know what they're called. They were made of rubber and were
  shaped to look like penises."  
(Candy laughed.)  
"Well, I'd never seen one before. They must have had suction cups because
  they stood up on the stools with no problem. One by one, we had to move up
  and take them things into our mouths. It was so disgusting. They didn't even
  wipe them off in-between girls. The guys were standing behind the bar, and
  they seem to enjoy watching us. But at least watching is all they did."  
"What were the girls doing?"  
"Oh, thanks for reminding me, like I'd forget one perverted detail."  
"Just wondering."  
"Ok, well, they each stood by a chair. I got the blonde bimbo. The first
  time by she made suggestions. She even grabbed my head and moved it up and
  down until I gagged."  
"It takes practice."  
"Whatever, like I really wanted to know how to suck cock -- no, thank you.
  That's why I got married. Then we even had to go again. This time she boldly
  fondled our breasts, as we sucked, and then the next time she, well, she fingered
  us, as we sucked. I'm glad I didn't go first, or I think I would have slapped
  the bitch."  
"The guys must have really liked that part."  
"They did. One of his sons even suggested we go again, but there was a knock
  on the door, and that heavy nurse from last time was back with a younger gal."  
"Why?"  
"That's what I was thinking, but I'd come this far to know it wasn't good.
  Mr. Miller smiled like the devil and announced that there was one more part
  of our anatomy to be prepped. I didn't even know what he meant, but a couple
  of girls whimpered. I dumbly followed my line into a bathroom along with the
  heavy nurse while the other line went with the younger gal. I still didn't
  know what was going on, but at least the guys were gone for now."  
"You, ah, she was there to give you an enema, wasn't she?"  
(There was a long silence before Debbie continued.)  
"I almost forgot that you went, too. I didn't even really know what that
  meant. I mean I'd heard of it, but never.... There were so many really rotten
  parts to it. Like, we have to get them in front of each other, and then, when
  we had to go, you know, and then we had to get another one to rinse out and
  go again, and then we had to wash our lower bodies in the tub with a handheld
  thingie. And then, as if to cap off our humiliation, the nurse shows us this
  tube of lubrication, and then she had all five of us line up and bend over,
  hands on knees. One by one she went down the line and put her finger...I mean,
  lubed us all.... Both openings. I cursed her and myself. I still wonder why
  we let her do this to us. She was just a nurse. I mean, no one even argued."  
"Wow, that does sound brutal."  
"It was, there were a few tears shed, but I didn't, until it hit me."  
"Huh?"  
"Well, it hit me that I'd just been prepped for not only regular sex, but
  that other dirty kind as well."  
"It's called anal. I don't even have to ask, do I?"  
"NO, NEVER!"  
"At least until that day."  
"Glad you're enjoying yourself."  
"C'mon, I'm just trying to help. Now, what happened next?"  
"What, are you writing a book?"  
"Let's not start again."  
"Ok, but you better never ask me this stuff again. God, it has to be the
  booze."  
"I won't. Now quit stalling."  
"Ok, so let's see. Oh, the two women brought in our outfits -- or maybe I
  should say 'slutty Christmas costumes.' It wasn't much, but I was glad to have
  something on and was a little surprised that it included white panties. It
  felt funny putting them on with the lubrication and all. After we dressed,
  the blonde opened this closet, and it was loaded with red boots. We had to
  try them on by trial and error until we got a pair that fit. The other girl
  came around with these silly stocking caps. Finally the bimbos came around
  and applied more makeup and sprayed us with some cheap perfume. I didn't really
  know, but I figure we all now looked and smelled like cheap whores. Well, cheap
  whores going skiing."  
"Skiing?"  
"Yeah, the red stocking hats."  
"Oh, I get it." (Candy laughed.)  
"Yeah, laugh, but then we had to wear all this down a runway like a bunch
  of airhead models or something. The darkened crowd seemed to enjoy it. I'd
  almost forgotten about the party part of the evening, for obvious reasons.
  Just when I didn't think it could any worse...."  
"What happened, Debbie?"  
"I can't, I just can't."  
"No, you can, because I kind of know what's coming."  
"Jesus, they did that to you too?"  
"Yeah, it caught me by surprise."  
"Wait, it just hit me. If you went through all this the year before, why
  didn't you tell me. You could have saved me."  
"Me, well, I, ah, wait, if I remember right, you hardly talked to me after
  high school." (Nice save.)  
"Oh, do we have to go over that?"  
"No, no, it's in the past. I'm happy that we've patched it up." (I have my
  doubts about that, and I think Debbie did too, because she started right up
  again.)  
"Ok, We got back to our room and Mr. Miller came in with his crew. He said
  we looked good out there, but there was something missing. He pulled Mary over
  and put this red thing in her mouth and tied it around her head. She was whimpering.
  And then the bastard started to tie her arms. I tried to help her out, but
  one of his goons grabbed me. His sons joined in, and they tossed her around
  pretty good. Her top even got ripped in the process. She's busty, so they had
  their fun, groping. After watching what happened to her, most of us were pretty
  scared."  
"What...?"  
"I know, what next. Mr. Miller left, but the rest of them helped us form
  this circle and kneel down. Then we had to press our chests down to the floor
  and fold our hands behind our backs so our heads were almost touching. They
  came around and tied our arms and gagged us. I didn't get why they had to do
  this. It wasn't like anyone was fighting them."  
"It was just a final reminder of who was in charge."  
"Maybe, or maybe it was so we wouldn't complain anymore. I knew I would have
  for  
the next part."  
"Yeah, it might have been that, too."  
"It was the worst yet. The blonde bimbo came around the circle lifting up
  all of our skirts, and the other girl came around and cut off our panties with
  scissors. I closed my eyes, I didn't want to see anymore. I figured there was
  a reason for this, and yet, when I felt a hand on my naked backside, I had
  to look back. It was that blonde again wearing a sly smile and holding a small
  object in her hand. I felt something cool on my asshole and then.... Well,
  you can imagine what that object was and where she put it. If felt so strange,
  but didn't hurt as much as I'd been led to believe. She left it in me and moved
  on to the next girl, and around the circle they went. There was a bunch of
  people walking around that circle, some stopping to move the object in and
  out, some just gawking. That's when I finally saw him."  
"Who?"  
"It was that guy again with the video camera. Just another reason why they
  gagged us and tied us up. No way I'd let that happen, but it did. It seemed
  like forever before the thing was removed, and Mr. Miller came back in, and
  we were led back to the stage. No one wanted to walk back out onto that stage,
  dressed as we were, but they had a solution.  
"Solution?"  
"Yeah, they had these collars waiting and each one had a chain, like we were
  puppies on a leash. One by one, down the stage and back. Because my skirt was
  so tight I could feel the lubrication and its slimy effect with every step.
  I swear it was oozing out of me and down my thighs. Finally, we were led upstairs
  into these rooms. I got a small bathroom. I remember thinking I'd seen way
  too much of his bathrooms. Jesus, Candy, how many bathrooms did his place have."  
"I don't know...a bunch."  
"No shit. So I'm left to just sit on the potty and pray."  
"Pray?"  
"Yeah, pray that no one would walk through that door. Because what Mr. Miller
  said about us doing 'anything' was ringing in my head now."  
"Oh, I thought you were praying for the ten grand."  
"Hardly. Because of all that happened earlier, I had forgotten all about
  that. I still wonder if anyone even got that or if that was just a ruse."  
"Maybe." (Candy giggled.) "So...how many guys?"  
"Just one. The door opened, and there he was."  
"Santa."  
"Yeah, of all things. I just shook my head. How fucked...."  
"Yep, you were about to be."  
"Funny, Candy. He just sat there, looking at me like a Christmas goose just
  out of the oven. And then this horn goes off and scares the shit out of me...."  
"No, the enema took care of that."  
"You're so gross.... He rushes over and, well, had a good time with me. End
  of story. Goodnight."  
"Not so fast. What he do? I mean, you were in a bathroom."  
"Yeah, but that didn't stop him. Ok, let's get this over with. He stripped
  me naked, and then he was all over me. He found a groove and did that position
  for a while and then went on to something else. It was sex. Just sex, you know
  what that is."  
"Right, don't give me that."  
"Ok, it was dirty sex. He went in both places, but thankfully he never took
  my gag off. When he started really pounding me, it was the only time I was
  glad for the head start, because it hurt a little, but I know it could have
  been worse. He came a couple of times and washed me off in the shower. After
  that I found Mary, who'd had a similar experience, and we got the hell out
  of there."  
"You sound like you didn't like it."  
"Just because YOU liked it.... Yeah, all tied up, while some stranger does
  you. Wait, you said TWO guys, so you probably LOVED it."  
"Not really, but if it happened now.... I'm older, and maybe I would."  
"Huh?"  
"Think about it Debbie, has anything like that ever happened to you again?"  
"I have had sex, you know.... I've got two kids."  
"I'm not talking sex or making love. I'm talking about being ravished while
  being bound and gagged. Being totally helpless to stop him from exploring your
  body. Helpless to stop his darkest desires from being unleashed. I'm sure he
  did things to you that no other man has ever done. Been to places no man's
  ever touched before. Scratched an itch you didn't even know you had. All for
  the simple reason that he could. I know you, Debbie, you would never dare give
  a man such an open-ended invitation to use you for his sexual pleasure. No,
  you'd be worried that someone would call you what you were that night...his
  fuck-toy."  
"I, ah...I, ah..." Debbie stammered. "Gross."  
"Don't tell me you don't think about him, from time to time. The dirty things
  he did to you and, more importantly, the way he made you feel: so wanted...so
  lusted after. And the best part, you didn't have to battle with your high moral
  dos and don'ts. No, you had no decisions to make. Hmmm, maybe just one: whether
  or not you were going to enjoy some pleasure for yourself."  
"I didn't like it.... I didn't."  
&quot;Sure, tell yourself that. I suppose he never made you come?"  
"No, no."  
"Liar."  
"Ok, ok, maybe, but that's not fair. I mean, I'd been stripped naked, poked
  and prodded, first with fingers and then toys.... It was a case of so many
  firsts...so many fought feelings. Yeah, maybe I was more than a little ready
  for sex. And yes, maybe he was good. Ok, great, or maybe it was that he was
  bigger or thicker than.... And maybe I gave up fighting it. You're right, I
  was his and that was that. He did to me things a proper woman just shouldn't
  like.... Oh gosh.... But still, you're not going to get me to say that I liked
  it."  
"You don't have to. You just did."  
"No, wait, no, you just tricked me, that's all."  
"Yeah I did, but you always think you're so high and mighty. Really, what's
  this 'proper woman' shit? You've never worked a day in your life. You married
  a rich mark twenty years your senior, for what, love? Please. I'm glad you
  at least got to have kids, and they're doing well. Although having a nanny
  and a maid on duty does help, huh? Wouldn't want to miss your tennis lessons
  with Pier Antonio. You see, you and me aren't that different after all. We
  both use men to get what we want. We just wanted different things out of life."  
"What are you talking about?"  
"You see, I did trick you, but not like you're thinking."  
"Again, what the fuck...."  
"You remember at the start of this conversation, when you said that my voice
  sounded different, and I said I had a bug."  
"Yeah. So?"  
"Well, I feel fine...real fine. It only sounds like that because I'm taping
  this  
call, you twit."  
"Taping what...? WHAT?"  
"That's right, someone smarter than me set it up. You see, I don't know what
  happened to the Miller tapes once the feds raided the place, but now I have
  my own."  
"So?"  
"So, I let you in on another secret. I never went to the Miller party. I've
  never had sex with even one Santa. I've never had sex with any two guys at
  the same time. And I've definitely never let a guy tie me up."  
"You little bitch!"  
"Yeah, maybe, but only when needed."  
"So what're you planning to do with the tape?"  
"It's not what I'm planning to do with the tape."  
"Huh?"  
"Well, I've already had my fun with you. Like, I know that wasn't the first
  time you've been tied up, now, was it?"  
"Oh, you bitch, you said that was behind us."  
"No, I lied. I can't believe you dumped me like a rock after that. I knew
  you wanted to try, but would never let go of your fears."  
"No, I'm not like that; I'm not."  
"Sure, you complained, but once I tied you up you seemed to enjoy it. Remember
  all those fun little toys I had back then. They made you come and come. Or
  was it because you were too helpless to stop me from using them? And then when
  I climbed up your body, my pussy over your face, you didn't say no. No, I remember
  you licked and licked. We had some fun times. It was only after -- when you
  told Mary -- that you changed, eventually into her little ass-kisser." (Wow!
  I always wondered.)  
"Bite me."  
"Been there, done that. But I know someone who'd love a piece of you. In
  fact, I think you've been his fantasy girl for years now."  
"What?"  
"Yeah, you see I'm going to send him this tape, and, well, what he does with
  it is up to him."  
"Him?"  
'Yeah, I'm sending it to Steven."  
"Steven? Your Steven?"  
"That one."  
"But why?"  
"He's my buddy and I don't turn my back on one because of what other people
  think. I only wonder what he'll do with it. We both know he was one of the
  Santas. Don't we? I'm sure it was the best night of his life. He's kind of
  a control freak. Likes his women to follow and obey. He'll probably cum in
  his pants just listening to this." (I didn't, but was pretty close.) "I mean,
  I know you'll probably do anything to keep this tape from your husband."  
"Why? It's just a tape. Doesn't prove anything." (Despite her words, Debbie
  sounded concerned.)  
"No, maybe not. But does prove that you're not as pure as hubby might think.
  And let's not forget that there are tapes out there of his wife in all those
  compromising positions and, funniest of all, tapes of her having sex with Santa.
  And let's not forget that the feds might have them. Doesn't your husband work
  on a lot of federal cases?"  
&quot;Yeah, I guess, and it wasn't Santa. Stop saying that. But why?" (Debbie
  was really whining, now.)  
"Why?"  
"Yeah, why would you do this? Jesus, are you that jealous that I finally
  have it all?" (Debbie sobbed.)  
"No need for that, Debbie. I think I already told you why. Plus, nothing
  has even happened yet. But I assume you'll be hearing from Steven some time
  this year. Maybe around Christmas time. Heck, I might even send him a Santa
  suit this year."  
"You wouldn't!"  
 ***********************************  
That's where the tape ended.  
I wiped my brow. A grin slowly formed on my face. It was the best birthday
  present I ever got.  
I rubbed my palms together. After ten long years, I'd finally heard what
  happened to Debbie and the girls. I took the cassette out of the player and
  kissed it before heading home to plan the next step. I think it was time for
  Debbie to recreate the events that happened that historic night...for me...live
  and in person.  
I guess sometimes persistence does pay off.  
The End  
Thanks for reading my story.  
Please post your comments.  
Edited by C. Lakewood  
Thanks C. L.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





