BDSM Library - Helen




Helen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Black Police Officer Runs A Rich Woman And Her Family.
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not 
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next 
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ... 
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                        Helen #001
                        by Paladin



KNOCK ... KNOCK ... KNOCK...

Mrs. Claudia Van Smith, a slightly overweight, 37 year old 
social light, peered cautiously out of the side window of her
spacious set back home. 

She saw a young black woman dressed in a conservative 
business suit.

&lt;Must be some sales woman..&gt; She thought.

Cautiously she went to the door and standing behind it, 
she cautiously called out,

"Whatever it is, I don't want any! Now go away!"

Undeterred the woman reached into her bag and produced a shiny 
star shaped badge and answered back,

"POLICE .. Mrs. I will speak to you .. Either here if you 
cooperate .. or downtown if we have to do that."

"NOW OPEN THIS DOOR!"

A flustered meek Claudia opened the door and admitted the tall 
commanding black woman officer.

"Mrs. Van Smith, DMV shows you own a white 99 Cadillac. I'm here 
to see it. I'm investigating a hit and run in the neighborhood." 
the officer informed Claudia mater-of-factly.

"This is just a formality." she went on consulting her notebook.

"Now see here ... You can't come in here dem..." Claudia began,
defensively standing in her hall way with her hands on her wide hips.

The police woman calmly reached into her purse, withdrew a thin
cylinder and sprayed Mrs. Van Smith directly in the eyes with 
practiced ease. 

The world dissolved from poor Claudia consciousness in a see of
salty tears and burning reaction to the pepper.


She awoke, sometime later, to find herself seated in one of her 
parlor chairs with burning eyes and her hands firmly restrained 
behind her back.

"Now we will go down town." the officer informed the social light. 
"I waited till you came to, to save me the trouble of dragging 
you're fat white ass down to my car. Do you want to tell me where 
the Caddy is? Or I can play with you some more?"

"The damage to your car will confirm, when we find it, that you are 
responsible for that boys condition.."

"I want my lawyer!! You had no rig..."

Claudia began to protest but a small squirt of pepper spray from 
the black woman's dispenser stopped her in mid sentence..

The commanding younger woman grabbed the choking woman's left leg 
and dragged her to her house's massive center stairs case.

The left leg was raised up, and up, till it's foot could be easily 
secured to the step's support with a plastic tie rap.

Poor Claudia now found herself choking and essentially standing on 
her head looking up at the police woman over the edge of her skirt.

"Please I didn't mean it! It was an accident... I have soo many 
points and .." Claudia cried weeping.

"So you're going to admit to hitting that kid on the bicycle, and 
leaving the scene?" the woman looked down demanding.

"Yes! Yes! I'm sorry.... I I I..." stammered Caludia. "NO! NO! .. 
I want my lawyer!!"

"Were you drinking?"

"I I I ..."

"DUI, Hit and Run! With your record, you'll be an old, old woman 
before you get out to enjoy this lovely house." the police woman 
informed the now sobbing woman running her hand down the captive 
nylon clad left leg.

Through her tear stained eyes a frantic Claudia, trying to regain 
control, demanded, 

"UM U U U Couldn't you just ... I want my lawyer!!"

"You think you'll get off with a warning? HA! Lady I going to tape 
this whole interview and then I'll have your confession all down.  
Now why would I even consider letting you off?" the officer 
sneered down past the shear nylon panties at her captive.

"MY LAWYER WILL .."

"LAWYERS ..... Well then I'll read you your rights, but first I'm 
going to give you an incentive get you to give me a nice 'voluntary 
confession'." the police woman informed her prisoner as she 
retrieved her purse.

From the bag she withdrew a small plastic vile of oily liquid.

"You know this is a lovely house ... You live here all alone, 
nice... And me needing a place to stay. Land lord's renovating." 
the woman said almost to herself.

The officer grabbed Claudia's free leg. Spread it out, forcing the 
older woman's crotch area to open, WIDE OPEN!

She easily forced the woman's panty and labia aside. Then, carefully 
holding the vile, so as not to get any of the liquid on her fingers, 
she doled out exactly one drop of the thick red liquid down, onto the 
top of the lips hiding the captives little love button.

Satisfied she let go of the leg and walked away and began.

"You have the right to remain silent ..." The officer droned on with 
the required rights ...

Then she just seating herself in a comfortable chair and waited.

"Well ..." the officer drawled looking around at the richly adorned 
living room.

"AAAAA NOOOO YOU CAN'T DO THIS.. STOP IT!1 STOP IT... I  I  I ..."

"MY PR... MY PU... AHHHA III HELP ME STOP IT... I'LL"

"AAAAAAA STOP ... I did... AAAA ... " The woman pleaded as the TAGAHSHI 
pepper oil began to sear her sensitive private place.

Claudia's cunt had seemed to catch fire.. Her whole crotch felt like 
it must be smoking .. as she passed out ....

Seeing the point was made, the officer walked over, stripped off the 
woman's panties and proceeded to wipe up the burning reddened little nub.

She knelt at Claudia's head and slapped her back to consciousness...

When the tear stained eyes opened, she informed the prisoner, 

"I like to question a snooty bitch like you, like this. This Japanese 
pepper shit gets their attention and it leaves no marks. Burns like 
shit don't it... Honey?"

"I'd do anything..." a sniveling Claudia pleaded. "Please don't ...."

"Well I'll just sit my recorder down here, right by your head, and 
you will give me a full and complete confession. Then, well just us 
girls 'll talk."

The sight of the vile was all the encouragement she needed. A sobbing
Claudia blurted out the whole story into the tape recorder...

After she finished the officer demanded,

"Where is the car?"

"I took it to my daughters in Connecticut.." Claudia sobbed.

"And you give me this statement voluntarily.." 

The black woman demanded moving over to the woman's spread open 
crotch with the vile in her hand.

"Yes Yes I did it... Take me away.. I did it..." Claudia begged 
eyeing that vile. "Just don't ..."

"Well you'd have to be punished ... and No! You wouldn't go for 
it." the officer said standing there at Claudia's crotch, as if 
thinking of something.. She released the cable tie holding woman's 
foot and let her fall to the floor. Then grabbing the prisoners arm 
the officer jerked Claudia up to her feet, and began to lead her 
outside to the car.

"Please No! NO! I'll do anything you say.. You punish me. I'll do 
anything! I'll be your slave." Claudia begged the woman.

"You'd balk at the slightest discipline and then I'd just have to 
arrest ya.. and .. well ... but IF ??" 

"If you were willing .."  the officer wavered....

"NO I promise I'll do as you say... I'll do anything... You order me 
and I'll show you... anything.." Claudia begged falling on her knees.

"Well let me see .. You will ..."

"Anything!" Claudia pleaded.

The police woman took out her key and unlocked the socialite's cuffs.

Claudia rubbing her wrists attempted to get up from her supplicant 
position, but froze when she heard.

"NO! NO! You stay right there. I like you there, on your knees." 
demanded the black woman. 

"You're dress is got to be worth a grand or more. Let's just see 
how it'd fit .. on me."

"TAKE IT OFF... FROM THERE!" the officer demanded swinging the 
handcuffs around her right index finger.

"MY dress?? " Claudia blanched holding her right arm protectively 
over her breasts.

"SEE! I told ya you wouldn't be able to do it." The officer 
informed her kneeling prisoner, as she reached out to again secure 
her prisoner wrists.

Panicked .. Claudia quickly reached behind her back and unzipped the 
silken designer creation she wore. Shaking she caused it to fall to her  
middle leaving her almost naked to the waist.

"NO NO I ... I'm doing it see??" She stammered as she evaded the 
officer's grasp. "SEE!!" 

Quickly she modestly covered her bra-covered chest and with her left 
arm as she managed to lower the dress with her right hand down over 
her hips. 

Grudgingly she slipped it down her legs and off. Finally she held  
out the dress to the standing woman blushing in embarrassment at being 
almost NAKED before the authority figure.

The officer snatched it and held it up to her own chest. She looked 
down at the fit in the hall mirror.

"Why don't we just get you ... um ... more comfortable ... and then 
I'll go upstairs, and try this on. But first .."

"Give me the rest... All the rest! So I can be sure you don't go 
running away while I'm upstairs .. um .. dressing." demanded the 
officer.

Reluctantly the socialite gave up her bra. Then covering her 
modesty with her hands, she sought to wind up into a 'safe' fetal 
position.

The black woman wasn't buying it. 

She tangled her hand in the expensive hairdo and dragged the 
nude socialite vertical and up against the  central stair case.

The officer easily anchored the older woman to an upright support 
of the banister with her cuffs. One jerk and the sexy panties 
were history.

Groping the defenseless woman tits the officer instructed her charge,

"Don't go anywhere, I'll look over the things in your bedroom and 
let you know what I want.... If we can make a deal."

The woman disappeared up the stairs, with the denuded woman's clothing, 
leaving poor Claudia totally helpless, attached to her own stair-case.

Claudia felt cold and humiliated. But she hopped that soon her captor 
would take what she wanted and then go and leave her alone. 

She would call her lawyer... &lt;NO! ..&gt;

&lt;No maybe better yet, she would catch the next plane to the islands.
Someplace warm and tropical where the bla...&gt;

The police woman walked down the stars resplanded in Claudia's gold 
designer lama gown.

It fit the more muscular woman like a second skin.

"I'm sure you would not mind if I tried on some of your things .. 
After all .. from now on were gonna be 'Roomies' .." she informed 
the horrified captive socialite, as she again fondled the older 
woman's ample and available, naked breasts.

Claudia broke out in tears of embarrassment but held her tongue
and endured the fondling without protest.

"Now let me see. Just so we have this all straight. You gonna asked 
me move in and stay here, for a while, till I find suitable 
accommodations ... Is that RIGHT?" the woman demanded.

In terror, a tearful Claudia began to begging the black woman to stay 
with her for as long as she liked.

"Now just so we're sure you've learn your lesson, on that other 
matter.. we'll have a little punishment session, right now, here 
and say ... every day till .. till I feel you have corrected your 
lose ways ... OK?" The officer barked.

"Yes anything just don't take me to jail!" Claudia wailed.

The woman uncuffed Claudia and let her sink, crouched to the floor.

The black easily reattached the cuffs in front of the sobbing 
woman and had her kneel face down on her thick shag carpet. 
Claudia's hands were then forced down between her legs, till 
they reached to her ankles.

The officer then took the cuff chain and yanked it back, up, and 
over the woman's big white ass. Trapping her legs under her arms.

Claudia shoulders threatened to separate but didn't as she was 
twisted up till her legs were held under her arms..

"PLEASE YOU ARE HURING ME!!!" Claudia begged but the woman just 
tugged harder.

Now using some nylons and panty hose from the socialites 
under ware drawer, Claudia soon found her self twisted in half, 
starring up into the crack of her own open defenseless cunt.

Her back was breaking!!

Every muscle in her body screamed with pain, and because of her 
compressed diaphragm she could hardly whisper her displeasure to 
her captor. As if the sneering officer would care..

There standing above her spread open legs stood the officer.

"See I find this an excellent method of correcting prisoners. I've 
had to do a few of the 'ho's on my beat like this, and would you 
believe it? They get real respectful, if I ever let um get undone."

"They correct their ways .. or pay me to operate.."

"Now in your case! Since you are going to be my land lady I'll go 
easy on you."

"What say we just give you one or two right down the old slot 
tonight .. just to kinda get acquainted..?"

"You'll ... kill ... me!!" the captive managed to gasp.

"NAA!! Well in that case you and the victim will be even, but 
I've never killed a 'ho'! like this yet. Pimps ... well that's 
another story.. One's ball just ...  oh never mind .."

"Now pay attention, this is called a 'pimp whip'. Pimps use it to 
correct BAD GIRLS! And you are a BAD GIRL aren't ya?" 

"You make it from common every day wire hangers. You bundle um
together, like this, see? Now let's see if you like it?"

The bundle of black flexible wires, wriggling like little snakes 
rose and then descended into Claudia's open, defenseless cunt...

The sound it made was not really that bad. Kinda like a wet kiss.. 
but the vocal protest of it's recipient was truly deafening....

Claudia's world dissolved again into a field of red haze.


More to come...




                       Helen # 002
                        by Paladin

When Claudia woke up, her cunt was still blazing with white hot
pain. She knew she was cut in half..

She was still naked, twisted and rolled up like a pretzel but could 
see nothing but blackness.

Her senses detected a nauseating feel of movement, but the ache in 
her cunt, back, and the bindings did not leave her able to do 
anything. So she sought to verbally protest.

It was then that she realized something made of stiff plastic, was 
keeping her teeth gaping wide open, and trapping her tongue down in 
the floor her mouth.

Try as she might, she could not close her gaping mouth and with the 
hollow sphere keeping in her oral cavity wedged so she drooled, 
full drip, like some new born.

Finally she sensed the motion stop and a car door slam.

The officer's heals retreated but soon returned with another set.

'Creeeeek,' a metal hinge protested, and the metal cavity where poor 
Claudia resided was filled with a blaze of filtered white light.

"Helen what have ya got all wrapped up in the sheets?" an unfamiliar 
female voice demanded.

"Just help me get it out and on the dolly!" 

"I like ta almost broke my back getting her in there." the black 
officer voice informed the other voice.

Suddenly Claudia felt herself being lifted up and then lowered not 
to gently onto some sort of metal frame conveyance.

"AAAA....." she tried to protest. No one seemed to care.

The metal frame work cut into her soft pampered skin. Again she 
felt her helpless body being tilted and conveyed somewhere she 
could not determine.

The long painful journey soon came to an end, when the woman's body 
was flung off the 'frame' and rolled over on a floor of cold tiles.

"Is this another 'ho for you to play with?" the unfamiliar male 
voice inquired.

"This one you'll like and this one brings her own 'dowry'." the 
black officer's voice informed someone.

"She's one of Long Dong's."

The pair of sheets were unwound from the trust up matron and soon 
the naked Claudia emerged in her ball like state, cunt up and open.

She was temporarily blinded but when her sight cleared she wished for 
the comfort of the blindness again.

She was on her back still, defenseless cunt up, held open by her own 
arms trapping of her legs. But now she was  exposed to not only the 
initial officer but another white woman, and a huge black policeman.

The assembly were peering down into her fear widened eyes over her 
gaping neither lips.

"UUUUUUU ..... " she tried to protest as she attempted to roll over to 
at least cover her secret places.

The smiling black police woman easily reached out and held Claudia 
in her exposed, upright position by her fragile little left labia.

"UUU .... OOOOO.." Claudia again tried to protest her total exposure 
and pain, but no one was paying any attention to her feelings.

The open cunt and ass hole occupied all the officers attention.

"I brought her here to get some records on her and then after she 
posts bail, I'll release her." The black woman officer commented.

"Yea Yea.. that's what you all ways say but you know you're supposed 
to do that DOWN TOWN" the white female officer informed the other 
woman. "We are just a substation here and supposed to do nothing but 
community relations."

"Look Lou this is a community function. I caught her here and I'm 
going to try to keep it here, locally without bringing in the boys 
downtown." Helen offered. "Besides ... She'd be ever soo grateful..
Won't ya .. um .. Lola?" 

Helen inquired of the captive open cunt, twisting the fragile labia.

&lt;Lola?? Who is Lola?&gt; Claudia wondered starring at her captors 
praying this was all a bad dream.

"Sides," the black male offered, "This here 'll bring up our 
statistics for the month." 

His smile was a mile wide.. as he reached out to the inviting pink 
female flesh.

His large black sausage like finger traced the path of Claudia's 
slit stopping at all the high points along the journey.

"I see she just curled herself up into a ball and offered to come 
in all peaceable like?" the white woman officer sneared.

"That's right ... AIN'T IT ... BITCH?" Helen asked the fingered 
upturned white cunt.

"UUUU ...." Claudia signaled as the black thumb and index finger dipped 
into and gripped her privates like a two fingered bowling ball.

"Whyn't I just take her on back to the booking room like this?" the 
male offered, flexing his strong right arm.

"UUU ...." was all that Claudia could offer in her own defense as the
fingers flexed prepairing to lift threatening to tear out her innards.

"NNAA I'm afraid her cunt might fall out if'n you did that Tom. Let 
Lou and I drag her on back to the back. We'll call you when she is all 
processed and ready for you to play with." Helen informed the male as 
she grabbed Claudia's left foot and proceeded to dragged the helpless 
woman behind the counter, into the holding area of the substation.

Reluctantly the black fingers left the gaping holes.

"All right but you be sure to document her so we get the collar 
here in the substation." Tom demanded.

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

The cold tile floor caused her back some discomfort but every 
foot of it brought her closer to the 'safety' of the backroom.

Claudia was dragged, around the counter, and through the back 
door to the center or a small room with three cells against the 
far wall.

The two women left Claudia trust up on the floor and proceeded to 
start up the files for 'Lola'.

Helen took the vile from her purse and held it over the defenseless 
red clit and asked... 

"Lola your not going to tire us with the 'innocent' crap are ya?"

Claudia remembering the last time she had contact with that liquid 
hastily shook her head 'NO!'

"Lou this here cunt is Lola Smith. She works in Dong's crib over on
Howser Street. I'm sure she will plead guilty and await her bail in 
our holding cell with no problems."

"AIN'T THAT RIGHT .. LOLA?" Helen demanded of the woman's ass hole.

Helen uncuffed the woman and let her unwind from her ball like state.

Claudia was soo grateful that she did not even try to cover herself 
as she tried to stretch out the kinks she had developed and sought
to sooth her reddened little bud.

Finally Helen grabbed a hand full of Claudia's now disheveled hair, 
and hauled her up to her shaky legs.

"Lulu and I are going to book your fat ugly ass for prostitution 
and hold you till you get your daughter to come down here to bail 
your naked self out of jail, (with the Caddy)."

"Now cooperate and your daughter can take you home."

"Lou why don't you print her while I get the camera ready."

Confused and self-conscious Claudia did not resist to the taking 
of her finger prints. 

The stiff plastic ball was removed from her mouth and she found 
her jaw aching form it's former wide open state.

"Now smile pretty for your mug shots." Helen demanded.

Covering her stiff nipples with the number board Claudia let 
them capture her image and number for the record.

"Now your phone call. You tell your daughter to bring down 
the Caddy and $10,000 bail money right now."

In a daze the socialite called her daughter and pleading, begged

"Jackie I'm in trouble and I need you to come down to the Spring, 
Street Police station with $10,000 bail and the Caddy. Please 
hurry ... I'm ..."

Helen cut her off and explained, 

"Better to leave the explanations for later. Now get into the 
cell and we'll explain the rules...."

Coming out of her daze Claudia sought to cover herself with her 
hands as she was pushed into the cage area.

"Don't play that modest stuff with us slut. We know you are an 
old experienced 'ho."

The white woman officer stepped into the enclosure with her and 
brgan to lowered her trousers.

"Time for an attitude check, bitch."

"KISS MY ASS!" Lou demanded, bending over and sticking it out.

Horrified Claudia had let herself be forced to her knees, but 
crouched there starring at the white globe shaped ass of the 
officer she could only cry and shake her head..

&lt;This can't be happening. I can't ... I won..&gt; Claudia thought.

"She seems confused. Maybe 'Long Dong' ain't given her the 
crash course in female pleasuring." Helen called through the bars.

"WHORES this old has seen and worked over hundreds of asses so 
she WILL DO MINE. NOW!" 

"NOW!" demanded the ass in Claudia's face.

"You heard the officer. Kiss her ass! And be quick about it." 
Helen ordered from outside the bars lazily.

The white woman turned around and now her dark smelly pubic hair 
was in the cringing face of the degraded nude socialite.

"You rather start in the bush, honey?" she inquired, stroking 
the horrified woman's hair and placing her other hand behind the 
sobbing head forcing the face into her crotch.

Claudia just knelt there. Then felt a slap to the back of her 
head and she was propelled into the smelly tangle of pubic hair.

The coarse hair on her face was abhorrent to the tyro woman,
and the scratching on her lips and even into her nostrils 
almost caused the woman to be sick. 

"She's hopeless!" the white officer observed stepping back,
pulling up her pants.

"Naaa you just got to know how to handle these here whore of 
'Long Dong's."

"Here give me a hand." Helen ordered the other officer as she 
entered the cell.

Together they cuffed the socialite and dragged her to the bars. 

With some struggling and lifting Claudia soon found herself 
standing on her head in the cell with two police women looking 
between her spread open legs, which were fastened to the bars.

"See here ... You just place a little drop on this shit here on 
the little button and ..." Helen instructed the other officer.

Again the firey liquid contacted Claudia's sensitive flesh and it 
did its fiendish work.

"AAAA NNNOOOO YOU CAN'T DO ... TH ... STO.. YO ... II ...." 
Claudia's began to cry as her poor little clitoris was seared again 
by the hot sauce, and again it did it's work. (Leaving no marks!)

As Claudia's screaming was annoying the officers placed a thick towel 
in her screaming mouth and went about their administrative tasks.

In what seemed like days, they returned to the now subdued nude. They 
carefully cleansed her upturned crotch and applied a soothing cream. 

Then they righted the socialite and placed her, on her knees again in 
the center of the cell unfettered.

"Now do you think you could bring yourself to kiss my ass?" Lou inquired.

Claudia having just endured the alternative could only sob and shake her 
head 'YES'.. No words came to her lips.

"Good girl," the officer remarked, petting the bedraggled woman's head 
like an obedient pet.

"Now show me how much you want me... Undress me ... Come on like a good 
little bitch or Officer Lou 'season' bad bitch .. again ..."

Claudia looked up from her subservient position into the cold green 
eyes of her tormenter. 

&lt;OH GOD NOOOO! I CAN.. &gt; her mind screamed, but the alternative was 
too fresh in her mind. She had too....

Numbly she raised her shaking hands to the officer's broad shiny black 
leather belt, but shook soo she just couldn't bring herself to undo it. 
Till ..

"Maybe she kneeds more spice to convi..." Helen called from her position 
as observer, outside the metal bared enclosure.

Claudia quickly glanced around and saw the black female hand holding 
the fiendish vile that she feared more than anything in her life.

Claudia forgot her inhibitions. Her terror was just too great. Ashamed 
of herself, she fumbled with the buckle but managed to undo it.

She was shaking soo that she almost ripped the button of the 
officer's pants.

"Easy bitch," the officer ordered, "I know you love me, but be 
gentle. After all I'm still just a woman. Now make nice .. Kiss 
the flesh as it comes into sight .. Remember .. you convince me
you love it or ... well.."

The socialite unzipped the zipper and lowered the uniform trousers 
down to the officers ankles, kissing the smelly skin as it came
into view.

"You silly ... You have to take off the shoes first." Demanded the 
white female officer.

A mortified Claudia perceived the sound of the vile being shook! 
She dived to the floor and removed the shinny black shoes in no 
time flat.

Next the trousers were removed from the white ankles and tossed aside.

Claudia looked up begging for some reprieve.

The smiling the half denuded officer demanded,

"Don't throw my uniform on the floor, you bitch. You fold them, 
nicely and place them neatly on the chair .. NOW!"

Claudia quickly scrambled to the task on her knees and turned 
pleadingly to her standing tormenter.

"Now why don't you make me more comfortable ... Take off my socks .." 
Lou taunted.

Claudia sobbing crawled to the demanding pair of legs and did what 
was ordered.

"Don't just kneel there with my socks. Put them on the chair." Lou 
ordered the eager to please woman.

When Claudia turned her tormenter was no longer standing.

Lou was sitting on the cell's cot and remarked,

"I'm tired. It's been a long day. I've been on my feet sooo long. 
Be a good bitch and give me a nice foor rub ... use something soft 
... real soft .. say your tits. Are they soft?"

Claudia looked up in horror.

&lt;MY beasts!!&gt; she thought.

"Yea use this." Helen commented from outside the cage.

Claudia looked over and saw a bottle of white hand lotion in the 
black hand.

"Yea .. Rub this on your tits and then rub her tired feet with 
them." Helen demanded.

Balling like a baby the helpless socialite retrieved the plastic 
bottle and rubbed the oily white fluid into her own soft breasts. 
Then she crawled to the cot and, bent to her disgusting task. 

Sobbing she took first the left smelly foot and rubbed the callused 
hard skin with her own soft sensitive breast flesh.

"Don't hurry soo!" Lou demanded, "We've got hours before your 
daughter gets here from Connecticut. This feels soo good, I may 
have you do this all of my shift.."

Claudia was in hell.

&lt;Here I, Claudia Van Smith, am being forced to serve this ... 
this ... fiend with my ... Oh god when will Jackie get here 
and get me out of this... this .. hell&gt;

More to come




                       Helen  #003
                        by Paladin


The tit to foot massage went on , it seemed like, forever and 
was very demeaning to Claudia but she endured it hopping that 
it would end, soon.... Then too the rough skin on her creamed 
tits was not as bad as the alternative. That was too horrible 
to even contemplate ... Her crotch still burned ..

"More enthusiasm you lazy bitch or do I have to come in there 
and 'season' your fat white ass some more?" Helen called from 
her observation position outside the cell.

Claudia looked over and to her horror saw the black officer holding 
a video camera. The red light on top informed her, her degradation 
was all being recorded for some perverted future audience..

She could do nothing but try to keep her head down as much as 
possible and hope the tape would not be seen by anyone she 
knew ..

"That's enough of that honey," Lou ordered, " Now let's see how 
you do on the main course."

Lou shifted her position and put her feet over Claudia's naked 
straining shoulders. 

This brought the socialite into, eye to bush contact with the 
officers pubes, up above the muscular legs.

"Now! Kiss me and show me how you respect me..." Lou demanded.

Claudia started to try to back up ..

"UH UH OO!" Helen informed the distressed woman. "You be a good 
whore, Lola, or we have to 'season' you again and you know you 
don't want that. Now do you?"

Cringing Claudia inched herself forward and pecked the pubic 
hared mass before her quickly, backing away, hopping that this 
was good enough.

"NO NO NO... I hardly felt that. Why I'd think you didn't like my 
nice police pussy ... WHORE!" Lou demanded hooking her knees over 
the naked woman's shoulders, pinning Claudia face right up against 
her hairy bush.

Frantic Claudia looked over to Helen for help, but there she saw 
a black hand shaking the dreaded vile as Helen continued to video
the degradation of the socialite.

Realizing that she had no choice the conquered woman lowered her 
face and kissed the smelly female crotch before her again.

"Well not too bad, but this next time spread me open with your 
fingers and then tongue my buzzer.. You know what that is, and 
this time more feeling .. a lot MORE!" Lou ordered..

Claudia thought &lt; I can't.. I mean .. I have never been.... I 
mean Normal women just don't do things ..&gt;

But when she heard the cell door open a cowering Claudia bowed 
her head. Quickly her fingers spread opened the smelly slippery
lagia covering the crack before her ...

"I can get a better angle from under here .." Helen commented as 
she get down on her knees and started taping from the floor.

Claudia leaned into the crevice and planted a long kiss in the 
smelly dank flesh therein.

"I said to do the buzzer bitch. But so you know what I mean take 
a long swipe along the crack, and be sure you get it all. I'll give 
you a clue when you get to the buzzer.." Lou taunted the captive.

Sobbing Claudia did as ordered and tried to please her captor.

CREEEEK...

The outer door opened and Tom's ugly black face stuck through 
the opening.

"No wonder the 'processing' be taking soo long! Girls I go off 
shift in a few and I'm gona get me some pussy now you stop that 
lezzie shit with Long Dong's gal and get her works up to the bar 
for some dicking or I gona become pure uncooperative..."

Reluctantly the female officers disengaged from the cringing nude 
and each grabbing an arm forced Claudia to back up to the bars,
presenting her big white ass first.

"Now show the MAN your works gal... You know like you done for 
'Long Dong' Reach on back there between them bony legs, spread 
them smelly pussy covers so Tom can avail himself of the 
facilities." Helen ordered.

In a daze Claudia did as she was told. She froze there with her 
works open .. waiting .. and then she felt a blunt warm probe 
lurch forward to spear her stretched open vagina.

"UMMM this bitch be dry ... You sure she be one of 'Long Dong's'?" 
Tom demanded as he forced himself deeper and deeper into the 
socialite's formally pampered hole. The women officers held 
Claudia firmly up against the bars this time.. 

"She's new here Tom. We'll give her, her instructions soon as you 
finish." Lou answered quickly. "She won't be any trouble..."

Tom grunted as he continued to stroke himself to a climax in 
the socialite's novice hole..

"Got's to give it to Long Dong. She be one tight bitch. I be 
looking forward to pumping her tomorrow ... If she hear for my 
next shift." Tom related stuffing his softened dick back in his 
trousers. Then he left the females to their tasks.

Lou stepped out and Helen informed the nude woman.

"You are here as a prostitute. Booked and printed. You ever 
disobey me, I'll just say you confessed to that to throw me 
off the accident case ... you understand me bitch?"

"Your daughter gets here, I'll impound the car and she can bail 
you out of this. Then long as she and you behave ... You'll be 
free.. But one of you fuck up ... You go up for the murder and 
she'll be right there as an accessory ... You dig it?"

Claudia could see no was out just then but maybe later..

"Oh and one more thing. Any 'ho here in the substation are free 
meat till their pimp bring the bail money. So till your daughter 
bring in the green ... you' the meat ..."

"A man come in here during his shift he 'spect to see that big 
white ass of yours back up here against these bars, spread out 
all nice and available. Then you give it up.. and you better give 
um a one good ride cause you hold out on um and they take their 
night sticks to your ass and believe me, you don't want that... 
No sir ree..."

"Now let's us girls hold a little rehearsal. Show me and Lou how 
you gona behave when the nice horny officer come in here.. 
Specking a nice little ride to brighten up his shoft ..."


Their was no choice. Meekly the naked Claudia backed up to the 
bars and spread her cheeks exposing her waiting holes.

"Now the night shift 'll be here soon and I'll be waiting 
outside to see when your daughter get here. Till then, when ever 
them come in here, don't try to talk to um ... Just back your 
works up to the bars, fuck um and wait for the next one... 
You don't want to see um. .. YOU GOT THAT 'HO?"

Cringing Claudia answered,

"Yes Mam .." with down cast eyes. She wished that her 
daughter would get there SOON! Claudia then went over to cot 
and waited.. naked for her 'visitors'...

Whenever the door opened throughout the night, Claudia jumped 
up. Hastened to the bars, ass first and took the stabbing dicks 
without a complaint or even an attempt to get eye contact. 

This went on for hours .. and .. hours... Dick after dick .. 

&lt;When is Jackie coming? These men are animals .. they just ... 
Well I can not let them see my face so this is probably better 
than them seeing....&gt; Claudia thought. 

After a long while, punctuated by many stiff dicks she 
perceived an increase in light. 

It was now morning.

A sleepy Helen came in with a cup of coffee and informed her,

"Baby you done fucked yourself through two watches. But they 
were the minimum ones ... If your daughter don't get here 
soon ... Why you'll just have to fuck your way through the 
day watch and that's a lot more guys. Then their will be 
the night shift again.. and .."

Shaking at Helen's words, Claudia hurt. Her cunt hole was 
rubbed raw from all this unaccustomed use.. She had never 
taken on more that one man at a time till now, and then 
they were at her whim but now ... 

She had lost count, last night at 12. The thought of MORE 
did not sit well with either her stomach or her aching cunt.

Just then the door open and Helen called out,

"Tom soo nice to see you. You ready for your morning piece?"

"Yea hope she gained some 'sperience last night. I come in 
early. Them day guys 'll want an educated pussy or they'll 
be going for that tight little ass hole." Tom related as he 
lowered his zipper..

&lt;NOOO Not my ass...&gt; Claudia hopped. &lt;Where is that bitch daughter 
of mine. Jackie you bitch!! Come to your mama..&gt;

"Lola you back up there and give the MAN a good ride before 
his breakfast. Why, I bet he saved himself, last night, from 
his old lady just for a nice piece of you!" Helen announced 
with glee to the open sloppy cunt.

"Yea that bitch to home be on the rag all the time..." Tom 
related as he sunk his mighty black spear again in the now 
well used, dripping white orifice.

Claudia cringed as yet another dick slammed into her.. but
held her knees firm from experience.

A commotion was heard in the public area. Helen rushed out to 
see if the car and money had arrived while tom went about 
getting his morning NUT.

There at the counter stood Lou fresh from a nights rest, in a 
nicely pressed uniform and two young professional looking women.

"Helen, where is that fool Tom? These two are here to bail 
out somebody name of Claud ..." Lou demanded.

"Claudia Van Smith," the older of the two informed the pair 
holding out a card announcing that she was Debra Trank, 
attorney at law. "I want to see my client, officer, and 
I want to see the charge street .. now."

To Lou, Helen said, "Tom is indisposed, getting a nut.. Uh 
Ms Trank did you bring the bail so we can..."

"I want to see and speak to my client, immediately!" the
professionally attired attorney demanded.

"And you would be?" Helen inquired of the other, younger 
woman.

"I'm Jacquelyn Forbs, Mrs Van Smith is my mother. Now.."
the younger woman started.

"Officer I demand to see my client, NOW!" the lawyer again
demanded of the two officers.  

"Well visiting hours are later for her, but attorneys can 
consult with their clients anytime of course, but she has 
to stay out here.." Helen informed the pair.

"Well so let me..." the lawyer began.

'Slam'. The doors closing announced Tom to the room full 
of women. (He was zipping up, and looking for his coffee 
... Not a passel of disturbed females.)

Helen informed him, "I'll handle this Tom. You go on to 
the deli and get your coffee."

Tom smiled. 

It was too early in the day for this shit and after 
getting his nut, he did not want to ruin his high, so 
without addressing the women, or even thinking about 
them, he rounded the counter and made for the deli.

"You wait right here, Jackie.. I'll settle this in no time."
the lawyer told the worried daughter as Debra rounded the 
counter, and was escorted back into the holding area by Helen.

Upon hearing the door open, Claudia pavolovian style backed 
up to the bars, spread her labia, and awaiting a new round 
of stiff dicks in her well used cunt.

Debra, looking around the room, and at first didn't see the 
open waiting female sex framed in the bars by her right arm. 

Then ....

"What the ... My god Claudia is that you? What have th..." 

"ZIIIIIPPP" went the stun gun as it was applied to the lawyers 
spinal cord.

Helen had used a zapper to quickly subdue the lawyer and 
now dragged the helpless woman to another cell and cuffed 
her to the bars.

Claudia, upon hearing her name, turned just in time to see 
her 'savior' crumpling to the ground.

"Debra... What have you done to her?? She is.." Claudia 
started to object.

"SHUT YOUR YAP! BITCH. IT IS YOUR BITCH DAUGHTERS FAULT.
This could have been soo simple but now I have to change 
it.. Looks like you get jail for life now." Helen 
informed the now frantic woman..

"Noo you promised! Take her away. I doing what you 
wanted.. Take her. I'll do anything..." Claudia wined 

"Well OK but you're gona have to be cooperative... Real 
COOPERATIVE! NOW SHUT UP AND KEEP IT SHUT!" Helen 
demanded.

more to come..




                      Helen # 004
                        by Paladin

Helen smiled and left the confused naked socialite in a cell and the 
subdued lawyer cuffed to the bars and lying on the holding area floor.

She walked through the receiving room and peeked out in the 
direction of the deli and parking lot.

&lt;GOOD!&gt; No sign of Tom returning or otherwise. She did not need 
a nosey desk sergeant looking into her business.. 

Then she looked for the white Caddy. No luck! 

&lt;The bitch must have left it home, well go to plan 'B'.&gt;

Helen returned to the station and approached the daughter.

"Mam, since Tom ain't here I don't see what it would hurt to 
let you see your mother now. But I have to search ya first."

Jackie looked puzzled.

"You know. It'd by my ass if you come in there with a bazooka, 
nuclr' bomb or something.."

"Well you can see I'm not carrying any thing like that, but if 
I can see my mother. .. OK" Jackie agreed and stood up before 
the muscular black woman.

Helen ran her hands over then cringing younger privileged woman's 
front, lingering on the swell of tit flesh, and then ordered her,

"Turn around! Now reach out and touch the wall! Now back up some." 

A confused Jackie turned around and again the black hands went 
over her, back, sides, and hips. But when the hand groped between 
her ass cheeks, Jackie tried to object and resisted this outrage.

Helen was waiting for the reaction. She easily kicked the girl's 
feet out from under her and dropped a knife into the resulting 
tangle of skirt and legs.

"Lou! She's got a knife." Helen cried kneeling on the confused 
girl. This brought the swift, practiced reaction from the other 
woman officer.

Helen easily flipped the struggling Jackie over on her face and 
Lou was right there, placing her 9mm at the base of the now 
cowering female's skull.

"Don't even twitch bitch or I'll blow you away.." Lou cried 
shaking from the adrenaline rush, as Helen cuffed the girls 
hands securely behind her.

Both officers then dragged the socialite's daughter around the 
counter and back to the holding cells area.

"What is going on?" Claudia demanded standing at the bars of 
her cell, but no one paid any attention.

Jackie was in shock and docilely stood there as Helen 
proceeded to strip the flowery dress up over her head and 
remove the stylish underwear, she had worn to impress the police.

Helen removed the garments from the dazed girl and proceeded to 
throw the now nude, recuffed female into the cell next to Claudia.

Then Helen exited the holding area, but quickly returned 
with Jackie's purse.

She dumped the contents on the counter and found some money,
but not the $10,000 she had ordered.

After counting it, Helen turned to the cell and demanded of
the now nude cringing younger female,

"Where is the money she told you to bring?"

The shrinking girl crouched there as she sought to cover her 
female bits and balling, choked out,

"�he (indicating Debora) told me that that wouldn't be 
necessary, so I didn't get it from the bank."

"Meddling piss ant lawyers!" Helen cried, "Well this 
changes things. Now where is the CAR!"

"At my home in Conn..." snivvled the frantic nude.

Helen turned to Lou, 

"Strip that bitch (indicating Debra) and we'll teach her 
to never fuck with us again."

" Here use the knife, if you want."

"When I get back here I want her bear and I don't care 
if you skin her hide a little.."

"Wait ... Please.. You .. " Claudia tried to interject but
was ignored.

Helen went out to the desk and dialed a familiar number.

"Hello 'Long Dong' this is your friendly neighbor hood 
police woman, Helen! How they hanging my BROTHER!"

"BITCH! What this I be hearing?" He inquired.

"Night shift tell me that you got one of my 'Ho down 
there giving it away and I don't even know which one she be?" 
Long Dong inquired of the policewoman.

"Aw! You heard about her. I wanted it to be a surprise, 
but maybe she belong to Grady's string!" Helen answered.

"Now don't you be yanking my chain. You got a 'HO. I be 
willing to take her off your hand ... like the last time .. 
No questions asked." Long Dong answered with a smile just 
oozing out of the receiver.

"Bring me $6000 for the bail and I give you 3 candidates 
all fresh and ready. White uns ..." Helen answered.

"Bitch! You be crazy! I don't pay that kind o' bread 
sight unseen for puss ... THREE!."

"How I know they be fresh?" Long Dong demanded.

"Look here fool! These be 3, low mileage, white women. 
All right one be OLD but softened up. But her daughter 
be.." Helen began.

"Daughter??" Long Dong began to see potential in this deal. 

&lt;A mother daughter pair! Be soo easy to get um to ...&gt;

"And the last un's a Lawyer. You know like the un that took 
your Caddy for the finance company." Helen continued.

"All right! But 6 big ones.." Long Dong stuttered to haggle 
the deal further.

"Well if you're soo poor, Grady 'll be happy to pay for 
these three." Helen went on. "Just 'member I offered um
to you and you passed.."

"No, No I'll take um off your hands. How do I get my 
merchandise?"

"Pull your van up to the back door of the Spring Street 
Station and when you give up the green, I'll give you 
the pus."

"Well OK! When?" Long Dong asked.

"Ten minutes or I'll call Grady!" Helen related as she 
slammed the receiver down.

Helen returned to the cells and addressed the now three nudes.

"This bitch caused a change of plans."

Helen indicated the nude Debora, only recently recovering from
the stun gun and cringing at being nude..

"I demand .. you release me and give me .. my clothes .. 
immediately! Or .. I'll sue .. you personally and you and the 
whole department." Debora demanded but stop when Helen held up 
the stun gun.

"Shut up you bitch.. Now here is how it is. I wanted to do this 
all nice, neet  and well almost legal like, but you, and her 
(the daughter), you fucked it up.." Helen said to the bewildered 
pair and Claudia. 

"You brought in this bitch of a lawyer..." Helen said to Jackie.

"You have no right to ... " Debra began.

"Well, now till I have it all together again, I have arranged 
for you all to be 'boarded for an indefinite stay' at a fine 
facility for 'hos like you."

"There you will be instructed and fucked till I get the 
things I wanted in the first place. Think of it as a nice 
little vacation!"

"Your host will be that fine upstanding pimp .. Long Dong."

"Why under his tutelage and self, you'll two women 
(indication Claudia and Jackie) will even learn an entirely  
new profession! And you, bitch will see what it's like to be 
the fuckee.. (indication Debora)"

Their was a lot of shouting and crying, but Helen really 
had no choice. She had to stash the women and well it would 
be good for um to see how the other half lived.

While they were being 'tutored' she would fix up her 
original plan and .. well maybe she would just get Claudia 
out .. and ..

Sure enough in a short while a black van arrived to collect 
the 'merchandise' at the rear of the sub-station. By then 
the two officers, had the nudes cuffed with plastic cuffs, 
and gagged with towels.

At the sound of the vans horn, they frog marched the three 
nudes, one at a time, to and through the back door. 

In the early morning chill the white nudes experienced 
the embarrassment and thrill of nudity in the crisp cool 
morning air.

Stiff nipples all around..

There the van's competent staff cuffed the three's white 
necks to fixtures used to transport nude females all the 
time. Along the way the three nudes received a lot of 
unnecessary handling.. but then it was good experience 
for what was to come.

Emit smiled as he ran his big black hand over the shrinking 
white tit flesh of a stunned Debora (the lawyer).

"Not much in the tit 'partment, but old Long Dong got his 
self a nurse likes to blow up these little tittie womens."
Emit leered as he rolled the small nipple in his black fingers.

Debra was not pleased at the liberties that the big black 
man was taking with her breasts but when she heard the 
comment about expanding her precious mammarys she tried to 
twist away from Emit.

(Now we all know a mans grip, on soft titties can be broken 
but the tits owner usually winds up hurting, a lot!)

Debora had the creamy kind of skin that showed the marks for 
a long time. (Ah well .. women!!)

"Emit don't you be messing with the merchandise afore Long 
Dong 'spects it his self. He complains bout the condition 
and I'll see you get your black ass in a sling. Now where is 
the bail money?" Helen demanded.

"Aw I was just copping a feel, Officer" Emit smiled as he 
withdrew a pile of used bills all wadded up from his jacket.
Smiling he ran his fingers up the defenseless nudes leg 
wedging his hand between the squeezing thighs. He was feeling 
for ... well .. what do we feel for guys?

Helen, ever the cautious one, counted the bills and did not 
let the van leave till she was sure of the amount.

She and Lou stood there as watched the three captives 
disappear behind the sliding black door and the van drive 
off into the night.

She turned to Lou and counted out $1000.

"You can have the lawyers shit and the daughters. I'll only 
need the daughters keys and car for now." Helen informed her 
sister officer..

Helen and Lou sauntered into the public area just in time to 
see Tom enter the office. 

You could tell he had had breakfast as the powered sugar was 
still on his big black lips and he had a paper container of 
coffee... half full.

"Well Long Dong come through with the bail. Here is the $5000 
for the account." Helen told Tom.

"And them other bitches?" Tom inquired.

"Wha.. Oh them .. They were looking for some other bitch. 
Must be booked down town. I sent um on their was. You won't 
hear no more from them women..

"You sure?" Tom asked.

"Trust me..." Helen replied stepping out into the crisp night 
air and, using Jackie's keys started up the stylish sport's
car the two women had arrived in.

She wished she had the time to visit the pimps 'academy' to
watch the lawyers initial introduction but well she had 
business to attend to.

More to come ..




                      Helen # 005
                        by Paladin

As the door to the van slid shut the three nude women had 
that sinking feeling in their guts. Their lives were ... ??
Trapped here in the van they ..

What would happen Now!! The events in the police station 
before had destroyed all their former feelings of security. 

Their nudity and powerlessness caused them to expeerence great 
loss of self. The greater apprehension of what their future 
would be loomed in their chilled bodies.

Debora though had less time to be reflecting on her loss. Her 
body and mind were occupied in a constant struggle to try to 
evade the insistent black fingers, intent on exploring all her 
formally private female treasurers.

"AAAAAAAOOOOOO" Debora tried to vocally object around the spit 
soaked towel wedged in her mouth, but the slithering spider like 
black fingers roaming her soft white flesh and took no notice of 
the vocal complaint. In fact the futility of the naked lawyers 
struggles only added to Emits overall feeling of mastery over 
this white bitch lawyer..

Though it was dark inside the van, the three captives were each 
sceaming in that female way. Each one secretly hoped the other 
would get the unwanted attention (ok fingering and dicking etc.) 
so 'she' could, by being the last one, escape Emit. After all he 
was only one man ....

Poor Debora found herself to be the 'lucky first'. She felt the 
pinching of his fingers and then the stubble of Emit's days old 
beard as it was rubbed across the soft white skin of her chest. 

Soon she sensed his head lower. Her small brown right nipple was 
captured by a pair of large sucking lips. Her struggles to evade 
this were of no use.

Try as she might, mentally, she could not keep the little thing 
from expanding into the damp wet suction of those large lips. 

&lt;It felt soo .. disgusting and yet ..soo good even .. under 
these conditions. Why was her cunt ...&gt;

Then in it's extended state, her expanding nipple found itself 
captured by the set of sharp nipping teeth behind the sucking 
lips ....

"AA OOOA ONMMNAIO N" Debora again tried again to voice her 
objection and sought to turn away but Emit had played 
the 'bite the nipple' game before with a reluctant 'ho. 

He just followed the twists from the 'ho and bumps from 
the road with his warm trophy held tight between his lips.

Whenever the 'ho became particularly vehement in her 
objection to his holding of her treasure, Emit just bit down, 
ever so much and all struggles ceased. 

He played the game of tug the nipple like the delicate thing was 
the knob with his favorite chew toy..

Debora, fearing the loss of the precious pink treasure learned, 
quickly to ceased the fight. It would do her no good to win a 
removal of Emit's mouth from her breast, if it cost her the nipple.

Soon, being a logical person, the lawyer settled down and endured 
the sucking of her tits treasure and the abrading of her soft 
white skin.

Emit sensing victory in this, the first thing, rounded that base 
and quickly tried to wedged his ham like hand between the 
straining, to keep close, naked thighs. (Second base??)

(You gals is soo predictable.. come to it so are we men.)

The new action, brought on another bout of frenzied female 
resistance, and attempted vocalization, but those choppers 
nipping on the stiff nipple soon quelled this activity.

Now Emit went easily to step two! 

He grasped the highly educated pubic hair, where it does the most 
good, (deep down on those soo hairy and so soft, sensitive lips) 
and with a twisting motion brought his strong right arm higher .. 
and .. higher..

(If you've never tried it, I guarantee all resistance will cease. 
Usually with no harm. But if not .. well there's plenty more where 
that came from. Just reinsert fist, grasp some more and tug again..)

Debora was a lawyer, and one smart girl. It only took one hard 
tug from Emit's fist to convence her to open herself up for 
Emit's exploration and pleasures.

(Yep! Emit had a way with a naked bitch..)

Through the rest of the ride Emit explored Debora's treasurers 
with the owners reluctant approval. 

Well yea periodically Debora would tense up, like when Emit's 
thumb found it's way to and began toying with her tight clenching 
little ass hole but .. well a nip and a slight tug soon brought 
reluctant access to anything the happy molester wanted.

With their eyes accustomed to the darkness, Claudia and Jackie 
were horrified at the sight of the black man's molestation of 
the respected member of the bar, but secretly each hopped he 
would continue with her female bits, and leave their's alone..

After an eternity the van slowed down. Swerved to the right, 
and went over some speed bumps.

Reluctantly Emit released his lip hold on the nipple and 
removed his thumb from the straining brownie with that 
experienced twist a 'ho loves.

"Catch you later 'ho. Don't you go being unfaithful to me now. 
You be mine, yea, and this gona be my bitch money maker." 
Emit informed the watering eyes of the former lawyer as his palm 
cupped the white pussy meat.

The van screeched to a stop and the door slid open, subjecting 
the three nudes to a sea of dark faces in a brightly lit garage 
just beyond the metal enclosure.

The fear was soo thick .. the nudes close their eyes in hopes .. 
it would all go away .. Maybe if they didn't see it ...

Taking the lead Emit unlocked 'his bitch neck' and lead the 
frightened reluctant lawyer by her left nipple out through the 
vans door and into the assembled group of black people.

Another muscular black entered the metal enclosure, looked 
over the stock, and after a groping of the shrinking white boobs 
he unlocked Jackie's neck.

This one favored the bush pull. So he dragged the reluctant 
younger nude to and through the metal portal.

As he proceeded on through the crowd with Jackie's pubic bush 
following in his firm grip, a thousand hands, both large male 
smaller female, and some children sought out a feel of the new 
soft white female flesh being lead away.

Jackie wished she could bend over and crotch, anything.. But the 
bush pull by that firm hand made this anything impossible ..  so 
she just had to waddle and endure the groping and fondling from 
any one of the assembly.

Claudia hoped that she would be forgotten in the dark hold of 
the van.. She could escape and .. but these hopes were dashed 
soon after. She had seen her daughter and her lawyer disappear 
through the opening into the brightly lit garage. She would 
happily stay here hidden in darkness.

A small black girl stepped up and into the back lit opening. 
Her hard expression took in the van's aura and remaining 
cargo. She smiled at Claudia and went over to inspect the 
matronly nude lady. Her small black hands slithered over the 
soft white mammarys and pinched the large brown left nipple.

Satisfied the teenager unlocked the collar holding Claudia 
captive. The small girl's firm black hand grasped Claudia's 
hanging left tit by it's nipple and squeezed, testing the 
firmness of the hold.

Seemingly satisfied the girl, with practiced experience reached 
into and through Claudia's pubic bush. She passed the tangle of 
hair to firmly grasp the tender left cunt lip.

"You better not give me no trouble bitch! Less I take my razor 
to your tits and put um on my wall next to the others.."

The girl informed the hurting nude.

Claudia's blood froze. &lt; .. THE OTHERS? ..&gt; 

Her brain wanted her to scream but settled for docilely following 
like a dog on a leash behind this girl' right hand.

The sea of black faces and hands closed in around the naked 
socialite but it gave way allowing the little girl to leading a 
captive Claudia by her fragile labia.

Claudia's self worth fell with every step. Each grop showed her 
that she was nothing, just fuck meat for ... she knew not who..

The naked woman was taken up onto a raised dais where she 
saw her daughter and lawyers naked forms bent over and spread 
open. Their arms were suspended from ropes anchored high in the 
ceiling.

Soon she found her feet forced up on to, two, one foot high 
wooden blocks. Her feet were fastened, three feet apart, there by 
a web of black nylon straps.

Thus Claudia found herself naked, and elevated with legs 
spread wide before the assemble. With her hands fastened behind 
her she could not even try to cover herself.

Another rope was lowered to her pinioned wrists. When it 
was secured, the rope's slack was pulled up behind her. 

Claudia was forced to bend over further .. and .. further, 
exposing all her privates to everyone there.

Claudia's dripping cunt and clenching ass hole seemed to be 
the only part of her they were interested in. Black fingers 
entered each hole with impunity. 

Yes their was even pinching of the little distended slip of 
flesh that is the seat of sex in a female.

"AUAUAUIIIOKNJHM" she tried to protest but this seemed to 
entertain the crowd even more and earned her a slap to her 
fragile labia by the little girl.

"Shut up 'HO!"

"SAVE YOUR BREADTH! YOU'LL NEED IT FOR SCREAMING .. LATER"

The little girl informed Claudia.

A sudden hush fell over the crowd as a massive black figure 
waddled to the dais. 

He seemed to grow weary just climbing few the stairs to the 
dais, but renewed his attitude as he passed behind and inspected; 
first Debora, and then Jackie's spread open crack.

When he came to Claudia's open slit he ran a fat paw up into 
her privates and sent a finger into her still sore dripping 
vagina.

He withdrew his finger, smelled it and informed the crowd,

"This un be the one be 'tending to be one of my 'hos."

"I won't have it!" "I won't have it!" He said shaking his massive 
head.

"I runs a quality string of 'ho and this 'poster be too flabby 
for my stable... Just looket these flaps... Be disgusting!"

"Wanda!" he said to the little girl, "Gime your razor. I'll 
just shave off some of these here fat white lips... Fry um 
up for the children... for breakfast .."

As the paw was holding her labia, Claudia feared that her 
precious little parts were about to be 'shaved off' for ....

"AHAHSSHASHAS" she tried to protest shaking her head.

"No! Daddy don't ca be doing that to my nice new white 'mammy' 
bitch! I like her, like she is, hangie down tits, sloppy pussy 
and all." the little girl who had dragged Claudia out of the 
van and up to the display rack cried out from beside the 
quaking former socialite.

"Honey this here be just a old sloppy white pus. My merchandise 
got's to be all perfect and shit. Less I lose my fine clientel 
to that low down sneak, Grady." The fat man retorted, with his 
hand still outstretched to the girl for the blade.

"But daddy this here must be the mother cunt. Weren't it your 
'dea ya 's going to train um for a mama and daughter fuck pair?" 
the girl answered with her hands on her little hips.

"OH! Yea right. Well lets see if'n they has what it take... 
If that be mama, then this un must be the daughter bitch. OK! 
Yea! Well we get's un in they training shits. Then we 'valuate 
um, better and shit.."

"Betty Jean .. BETTY JEAN! Where is you black ass? YOU come on 
in here, NOW! and bring your'n sheers. You'll knows I like's 
all my white meat, all smooth and shit, gleaming, ..  like a 
fine veal steaks." 

An older black woman staggered in with an electric clipper 
device in her right hand, tailing a long bright red extension 
cord. In her left hand she held a smoldering, stinking bong. 

It was clear she was tripping and all happied out.

She stepped up behind poor Claudia, looked her over and after 
inspecting her sex commented,

"We be 'cruting um from the old folks home, here Dong? This un 
look too old for pussy meat. Why my ol.."

"Betty Jean, you shut your mouth. You fixing to get my foot 
soo far up your skinny black ass that it take a shovel to get 
him out of that slimy pit."
 
"Now you just shear um and I be the judge of who be 'nuff to be 
'ho flesh round here." Long Dong admonished his 'beautician'.

Without further verbal debate the old black woman proceeded to 
shear off all the hair from each of the three white apprentice 
'hos. And I do mean ALL! (Even the eye brows)

The three women were reduced to just denuded white flesh! All 
smooth and white, like fine veal steaks... (with the naughty bits 
standing out even mort than on the nudes before)

"Now you want me to give um stable markings?" Billy Jean inquired 
after a long tot from her now miniscule bong.

A horrified Claudia looked over at her daughter and saw, a sight 
she had not seen since she gave her birth.

Her daughter looked as naked and denuded as when she arrived into 
this world.

Claudia would have pleaded but the towel still in her mouth, had 
her silenced for the moment. She could only weep!

Jackie was no longer a young professionally attired female. She 
was a sight right out of some sadist / b&d  dream. 

Seeing her 'baby' thus, meant that Claudia too must look so .. 
other worldly.

In turning her head Claudia also saw that Debora to looked .. 
well hideous .. and other worldly.

I mean the female bits were there ... but soo exposed! and so 
shocking on all that expanse of white skin! 

These formally normal women in clothes .. with hair, had become 
all livid expanses of pasty white skin, with pairs of distended 
lips, and nipples hanging below the tits.. all just horribly 
exposed. 

Let's face it guys, a true male's idea of a wet dream!

"Naa not yet. But you'd best 'RING UM' so as they is easier to 
'ttack to." Long Dong answered.

Billy Jean exited the room with her clippers, but soon returned 
with a rolling cart with a pair of long handled pliers and a deep 
pan full of some sloshing liquid.

She rolled the cart up between Claudia's wide spread legs. 

Then Billie Jean ran her bony hand over the freshly denuded thighs 
and quivering flank. 

Satisfied she reached up into Claudia's sex and took a firm hold 
of the soft left female labia of the poor white woman.

The left black hand pulled and stretched the lip out while her 
right hand sought out, and finally positioned the long pliers. 

Then the black woman leaned the pliers on the cart. It caught the 
soft white scrap of flesh. She leaned on the free end to increase 
the pressure, firmly catching the tender slip of white flesh in 
the hard metal jaws.

The little girl reached into the tray of liquid and retrieved a 
dull metal 6" spread open ring. She fitted it into the fixture of 
the pliers and the women leaned in harder. Then both of them 
strained to close the pliers jaws.

SNAAAAAAAAP

"MMMMMUnunmmmu!" Claudia tried to object, but the deed was done.

Her cunt lips burned like she had never felt before!!

Like some farm animal, she, Claudia Van Smith, was 'RINGED!'. 

She could never hold her head up in society again. 

She was chattel! Like some farm animal ..

The ring had been forced close and the two ends mechanically joined. 
Claudia's poor labia was now and for as long as these people wanted, 
the not so happy recipient of a 6" holding 'ttachment.

The black females now concentrated their attention on Claudia's soft 
somewhat sagging left breast. 

While the old woman needed the mammalian gland to get it to flow into 
a plastic form, the younger female retrieved a long hook like metal 
needle and a glass cap.

The plastic 'form' was soon filled with the tit flesh. The cap was 
attached and a vacuum pump, below the cart, started it's work.

The vacuum caused the soft creamy white flesh to expand, fill up 
the enclosure and form the rounded bottle like effect Dong's 'hos 
all possessed. 

Once it was properly expanded, the cap was removed and to Claudia's 
horror her breast flowed out of the top of the form!! 

Next the metal hook was now forced fed, by the beautician, through 
the overflow skin, forming a path behind the areola.

Another open ring was threaded behind the hook as it was withdrawn.

With not a little pushing and pulling the ring soon emerged from the 
creamy tit flesh. 

The pliers again forced the ring shut on the mechanical joining 
and the stretched tit joined Claudia's labia in possessing a RING. 

The black hands manipulated the rings and confirmed that they were 
all firmly embedded in the white flesh.

Claudia, alas, had long since fainted and therefore did not 
experience the joy of her new 'jewelry' just then.

WOMEN!

Ah well! She would have a lifetime to enjoy the rings, in her new 
life in Long Dong's stable.

Claudia's other tit, the right one, was sucked into a 'form' and 
then the focus of the action shifted.

A frantic Jackie was next to endure the 'RINGING'.

She like her mother did not appreciate the event and fainted before 
the first ring was fully closed in her labia.

Debora too passed out before the event was half way started.

The women were left there hanging so that the new 'jewelry' could 
set and be seen and inspected by all Long Dong's associates.

More to come.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Helen # 006
                        by Paladin

After she knew not how long Claudia awoke to a fire in her left 
breast and another one in her left lip ...'down there'.

From her position, with her head hanging down from her shoulders 
and her arms at about 45 degrees up behind her, and her legs 
spread wide open, she could only see a field of white tit flesh 
under her nose.. 

Her head ached and she wanted to just die..

By tilting her aching head further and further back and up, she 
finally could make out the edges of the forms now encasing and 
shaping her hurting tits, only by straining her aching neck.. 
further back was she able to perceive the monstrous ring that 
now capping the tip of her left breast!

&lt;OH GOD! It wasn't a dream!!1&gt; she thought. &lt;and it hurt soo..&gt;

The fire was incessant! And their was nothing she could do to 
abate the fire or dislodge the horrid thing..

Stretching her neck way down, attenuated her headache, but she 
had to see the condition of her ... aching sex .. 'down there'. 

This was very difficult but finally through the oscillating of 
her soft white tit flesh she SAW!!

&lt;OH GOD NO!!&gt; It was as bad as she feared. &lt;and it HURT!&gt;

Another dull metal ring, like the one behind her left areola, 
stood out from her completely denuded sex and it's considerable 
bulk hung from her delicate left labia.

&lt;This can't be happen.. Not to me!&gt; she thought, &lt;I a normal 
WOMAN!!&gt;

Just then a small black hand reached into her field of vision 
and seized this lower ring. The hand gave the hateful ring a 
little, but mighty to Claudia, tug to test the hold.

Claudia went crazy. &lt;THE PAINNN!!&gt; Her whole cunt screamed 
with that 'little' tug.

Despite the consequences she threw back her head..

"AAHAUFUNDHFG" she tried to protest but it came out of her 
stifled mouth like the babbling of some idiot, not the cry of a 
poor female protesting her frustration and loss of self worth.

She shook her head, and oscillated her body and well .. just 
anything .. anything at all to show her pain and frustration! But 
it did no good at all. In fact the crowd seemed to enjoy the poor 
females agony and display.

The hand holding her ring out, stretching the slip of skin, 
while another hand clipped a black nylon dog leash to the thing 
embedded in her aching flesh.

Feeling something, she again managed, by twisting her aching head 
into the impossible position, to look 'down there' at her ringed 
sex. 

She saw a long leash now hanging down like a long black stream 
of piss from her sex lip to the floor.

Claudia raised her head again and attempted to bellow her rage 
at the contrivance now attached to her, but she knew, one tug on 
that thing, and she would slavishly follow whoever held the end 
of the leash, when or where ever it lead her.

Claudia sensed movement by her head. She felt a hand loosen and 
then remove rope holding the spit soaked towel that had soo long 
wedged her jaws apart and filled her oral cavity. 

Finally she'd be able to ... 

Her jaws were soo sore, and her mouth soo dry .. she had to ..

The nasty towel had slipped out of her mouth and fallen to the 
floor below her. But before she could work out the stiffness from 
her jaws, a thick vile smelling oval dick shaped dildo was now 
forcibly inserted in her dry mouth.

The old woman had held her head back while the young girl 
forced the nasty thing deep inside her oral cavity.

"AAAAA.....HHHuuhUHnumi..." Claudia tried to protest but the 
long vile tasting thing sunk further and further till it 
threatened to choke her.

"Now this is your first practice dick." the girl informed her 
buckling the strap, encircling her head, up behind her left ear.
"You be a good bitch or we will season it with a little hot 
pepper. Continue to fight it and you'll get a steady diet of 
hot pepper and hot oils.."

"Yea and that greasy taste today is from my juicy pussy, BITCH?
Ain't that NICE??" old Billy Jean informed Claudia's tired eyes. 

The old woman had lifted her skirt, proudly showed a gagging 
Claudia the old shriveled, black ringed, smelly place the dildo 
had recently emerged from, only moments before.

&lt;This is t..&gt; Clauda thought. &lt;I'll ...&gt;

Suddenly she felt a finger toying with her tight, virginal 
little brownie..

Claudia bit down on the dildo, shook her head and but, to try 
to stop this invasion, but spread as she was and with the little 
finger's insistence, this did no good.

Soon the digit worked it's will on the straining orifice. It 
slipped by the fleshy grommet and began to wiggled around inside 
poor Claudia's sacred bowels.

Claudia would never have allowed ANYONE! Especially some unseen 
stranger, to go poking about inside her vitals. But now??

In her former status levels, this just wasn't done.. But here?

The stiff digit, it's work done, quickly exited It left behind 
that 'got to go' feeling inside poor Claudia. She struggled to 
maintain her death grip on the her bowels, as she bit hell out of  
the mouth dildo. She lowered her head to try to see what the hell 
was ....

Before she managed visual contact, Claudia found herself again 
stiffening her grommet, as again something blunt was trying to 
force her little brown opening to give way.

&lt;The very Idea!!&gt; 

"UDNLFHDNZLLS" She mumbled and bit and shook her head and but, 
but.....

Claudia's ass hole again gave way, this time their had to be two 
small fingers working their way into her most private hole. 

This time once the fingers breached the grommet, they stretched, 
flexed and generally tried to expand the formally virginally 
tight hole. Nothing had ever .. done this to her ..before. 

Her guts churned in protest.

&lt;If they did not stop this she would ..&gt;

Along with the exploring and expanding of the her most private hole, 
Claudia felt some sticky substance being rubbed around 'back there' 
by the little fingers.

As quickly as they had entered the pair of digits withdrew, only 
to be replaced by a bigger fatter feeling that Claudia surmised to 
be three fingers now stretching, flexing, and also coating her 
weary grommet again with that something sticky.

"She juicing yet?" Billy Jean inquired from somewhere behind her.

"All these white sluts love they nasty holes stretched out. She 
be no 'ception." the little girl's voice informed everyone as  
another small hand felt her dripping cunt hole. She could not hide 
the feeling of moisture from inside her cunt.

Claudia had hopped to keep this fact from everyone. But now! Her 
secrete was out there for everyone to .. know.

It was embarrassing for Claudia to realize, that she, just like 
some common street slut became excited while being prodded ..  
UP THE ASS!! 

&lt;I mean this just isn't done in the circles she came from. No 
on.... OOOO!&gt; 

Claudia tried to assured herself .. When the flexing fingers 
withdrew. 

But another, larger probe, this time assaulted her thoroughly 
ravaged, lubed shit hole...

"UUUUUUUHHHHHH"

And this time it wasn't fingers.. It was something .. huge... 

It slipped easily by her stretched and well lubricated grommet. 
It went in deeper than anything before. Deep inside her bowels, 

The maddening fingers before flexing in there had opened her, 
lubricated her and tired her defenses. 

Now the lubed grommet allowed the new invader to access the 
secrete portal with impunity ... And this thing seemed to Claudia 
to go on and on forever ... 

Then suddenly the huge thing narrowed, and allows her poor ass 
grommet to close up somewhat around it's narrower part. 

It had finally stopped, but most of the probe's fat length stayed 
inside her bowel. She knew she was stuffed by ... something SOLID!

Worse still was the fact that their was another SOLID part of 
this thing sticking out of her hole. And that part stuck all the 
way back outside her ass hole, holding her ass cheeks spread open 
for anyone, back there, to see.

&lt;This is soo.. Well they shoul.. God I feel soo ..&gt;

Seemingly satisfied with Claudia's plugged shit hole, the pair 
moved on with only a playful slap to the plugs base confirming to 
Claudia that her rear hole was under their control. 

Jackie was 'treated' to the same type of ass hole prodding 
lubbing, expanding, and finally stuffing with another fine long 
thick solid but plug. 

She, like her mother did not like the violation of her personal 
hole but no one there cared what the pampered little rich girl
liked .. 

These women had holes to force open for future customer's 
satisfaction and they did it, as all ways, PROFESSIONALLY!

The training size (#1) for the first day had been attained for 
these two so thus satisfied the two black females moved the 
action on to the task of opening Debora.

Now it was the lawyer's turn! Of course she was a professional 
woman and as such deserved more professional attention than the 
former pampered pair of society women ..

'Long Dong' knew this probably wasn't the wise ass gal lawyer 
that done took away his prize Caddy, but she was a female and a 
lawyer and they all look alike. Don't they??

&lt;I mean ..Turn um upside down, they all be like tacos.&gt;

So the orders were given .. Debora's training was to be expanded 
just a little bit, till in her hole the second day's expansion 
plug with a dash of pepper sauce resided. This treatment usually 
was reserved for a particularly obstinate bitch ... Well maybe 
Debora .. might have been .. but she didn't get the chance. 

She was special... YEA!! Right from the start she was special!

She'd be plumb grateful to have that plug removed and after a 
thorough flushing she just be begged for a nice friendly warm 
dicking in her poor heinie. But her trainers made her wait all 
teary eyed for the standard time... (These things can't be 
rushed, like any precision operation..)

Claudia and Jackie were then taken down form the display and 
fastened, face to cunt for their first rest period.

Each of their mouth trainers were coupled to the others ass plug. 

The labia rings were wired to the other's tit rings. The slack was 
taken up to assure that they wouldn't be going around exploring 
the place in their 'resting' period.

Finally to her relief Debora, was taken down from display, and 
after much tearful pleading, relieved of her hot anal plug. Her
burning hole was flushed out with cool soothing water. Then at 
the sight of the next plug destined for her ass hole she pleaded 
for her first round of ass fucking. 

She was soo grateful when the men passing by accepted her tearful 
plea that she threw herself at this like it was a bar exam..

She spent the rest the next period taking on all the men that 
'Long Dong's organization had ANALLY, ENTHAUSTICALLY!! 

She was soo happy to have an ass fucking .. instead of that plug, 
you wouldn't believe.. how that lawyer took to all them warm 
friendly black snakes was amazing.

She tired out the men and was worried. Their was nothing left 
between her hole and the new (#4) ass plug. Then the whores came 
trouping back from their shift on the street.

After their shift of satisfying customers they needed some 
attention. Debora was there .. so ..
 
She did express some reluctance, at first, when the female staff 
started to dropped by, but the sight of the #4 ass plug with a 
liberal coating of HOT pepper changed her mind in no time. 

Bitch just went lezzie with her whole heart.. Why even she didn't 
know till then that she be BI!!

(The things a 'ho 'll do to avoid a little ass tickling!!)

Debora was kind of reserved at her first cunt licking, but the 
girl, Cora, took a fist hold of her tit ring and pulled ... 

Debora's reservation disappeared. Why she even professed to the 
liking of cunt licking ..... She professed to be a converted 
lezzie .. anything to make that pulling STOP!

Why Debora even offered to swear out a deposition to those 
facts.. For a lawyer ain't nothing better than that!!

Debora thought her jaw would break as the supply of smelly 
black and shades of brown hairy cunts went on and on. 

(The girls being girls, were all multi orgasmic, so they got 
their cookies and then kept getting on back in line... over 
and over .. WOMEN!)

After a few beers and a good meal, the men returned, refreshed 
and ready to tend to the training of the new lawyer fuck toy. 

By then Debora was plumb grateful to see those swinging dicks. 
Why she wanted to just lick and suck and fuck um all!!

This time Debora was again fastened with her legs spread open, 
arms captured and drawn up behind her back. 

This positioned the featured the parts of her ... her ASS, and 
her mouth up high and available for ANYTHING!!

Debora licked dicks and fucked for a long ... long .. time.

During this training / fuck session a younger black woman 
appeared dressed in white beside Debora's right tit.

The woman dressed in white, fondled the form encased mammary. 
Satisfied she began to tease the exposed nipple. When it 
stiffened, she slowly stabbed the needle of a horse syringe 
through the tits nipple. 

As this nipple capping the bottle like form, the long needle 
stuck deep into it. It allowed the white cream like contents of 
the thing to be easily deposited inside. 

First thrust downward the needle was soon at maximum depth. Then 
the syringe's plunger was forced. It began to empty it's white 
milky fluid into the bottom of the poor tit causing the base to 
expand.

Debora just knew the expansion of the fluid in her orb would 
burst either her tit flesh of the form but she had no choice she 
she concentrating on her fuck / suck session and let the 'nurse' 
do the expansion of her tits.

(Surprise .. Surprise .. It did not burst either the flesh or 
form!)

The tip of the syringe was withdrawn till only the tip was still 
inside the nipple entrance of the tit.

Debora breathed a sigh of relief.

The body of the syringe was depressed and again it was inserted 
deep into the soft white flesh. This time though it emitted some 
of it's remaining stuff into the top half of the now aching 
fleshy orb.

&lt;NOOOOO!&gt; Debora tried to scream around her current mouth's 
occupants.

The needle was again withdrawn till most of it was outside the 
nipple. 

Now the body of the syringe traversed to the right and again 
stabbed deep into the expanded aching flesh's left side.

Again the device spat out some of it's 'stuff in the left side 
of the subject tit, just under the soft creamy white skin.

Finally the needle was repositioned so as to deliver the 
remaining fluid inside and under the right flesh of the tit meat.

Now the tit was really filled on all sides and the base too. 

The now empty needle was withdrawn. The tit now filled the form 
from the inside out..

Another Syringe was retrieved by the nurse!

The treatment of Debora's other breast was done the same.

Debora had passed out long since, but well she'd see the result 
soon as the next rest period. Meanwhile the #4 plug was left at 
her ass opening with a jar of sauce. 

(No since in treating hole if Debora was not awake to appreciate 
it. I mean how's a whore to learn??)

During this treatment, a steady line of men had kept up the 
pounding of Debora's cunt and mouth, but now the line petered 
out. 

The bulging skin of Deboara's filled tits ached soo bad .. but 
their was no relief after the insertion. In fact the thick fluid 
heated up as it hardened inside her two expanded appendages..

The initial suction had expanded the Debora's tits. The fluid 
stretched them to almost bursting by filling them. Now the fluid  
solidifying in their fleshy innards assuring that the results were 
PERMANENT! 

When the stuff hardened she would have the larger, FIRMER tits 
formed more to 'Long Dong's" liking and no one could 'fix um up 
differently. 

Short of cutting them off they were there formed like milk 
bottles sticking horizontally from Debora's chest .. for life.

&lt;In a while you'd be able to stand on them? That is if you 
liked that kind of thing.&gt;

'Long Dong's' new MOTHER & DAUGHTER FUCK PAIR spent their next
two periods with their heads in the cunt of a woman for their 
first time. A relative sure, but it paid to get a MOTHER / 
DAUGHTER FUCK PAIR use to the sights and smells of cunts.

Their training was to be in the pleasing women first and that 
was scheduled..

Later to their horror they would find out which women they were 
slated for ...

More to come....




                      Helen # 007
                       by Paladin

First the 'MOTHER / DAUGHTER FUCK PAIR had their holding wires 
cut. Separated they were taken to a large room with a red pad 
covering the middle of the floor.

Each of the denuded pair was positioned kneeling at an 
adgescened corner of the pad. 

A black Matron with huge proportions stood in the center of the 
pad. Claudia found herself facing the clothed large fat black 
woman. Her position, and the others clothes seemed to scream 
Claudia's diminutive status.

"Now bitches," said the matron through a smiling row of pearly 
white teeth "Yous gonna learn to please your betters. That is 
any womans thats afore ya .. You's gona learns to undress um, 
and make it with um. They's womans. Yous just some bitches .. 
Yous gonna do it! And yous gonna do it like you love it .. 
You giv's me any shit and I'll kick your skinny white ass... 
all over this here room ... Now you .. old bitch .. crawl over 
here and we starts .."

Claudia was horrified. Her limited experience, with the police 
woman, Lou, had been brief and she had hopped the last time 
ever... But now, here, this woman was...
 
She knelt there looking up at the huge mountain of black female 
flesh .. shaking her head. . . 

&lt;NO!!!&gt; her consciousness screamed in her brain.. &lt;I just can't 
do this ..&gt; 

And at that time she believed she couldn't! . . . She woul . . .

Smackkk!!

A 6 inch thick leather strop wielded by the little girl, 
contacted her quivering soft white back, just above the curve 
of her ass cheeks.

Her hands flew back to protect her stripped flesh. 

Claudia's whole being HURT!! Her teeth even chattered..

Shocked Claudia attempted to fall forward to escape the 
inevitability of the next stroke.

The matron did not allow this. She stepped over to Claudia and 
reached to the hurting white flesh.
                                                               
She grabbed Claudia's tit ring. Having seized it, the black 
hand was now was lifting it, UP!

Claudia screamed at the pain in her back. She had reached to her 
back but she couldn't do anything there. The tug of her tit ring 
forced her to just kneel there lest the ring tear out. She tried 
to cover her back with her left hand and stop the tugging of her
tit ring with her right. Anything to stop the pull. It would 
surely rent her precious left fleshy orb if it continued.

Deep inside her tit flesh Claudia's mind broke.

She had to . . . STAY UP! She had to .. stay right there .. She 
had to obey this smiling matron .. regardless.. for this black 
matron held her tit ring.

&lt;HER TIT RING!!&gt;

"Now you're gonna do it. Now or later, makes no never mind to me, 
but you're gonna do it .. You understand??"

Claudia nodded.

The black head nodded and ..

SNAPPPP

The strop again rented Claudia's soft white flesh.

"I want you to shake, I get me a cane, and I'll make them tits 
shimmy.. Lordie how I'd make um shimmy... You answer me and you 
answer me real respectfully like..." Demanded the matron.

"S.. Yes... I understand .. MAM!" Claudia blurted out hoping to 
placate this mad woman and save her tit.

"Good! Now I want you to show me how much you 'LOVE ME' while 
you undress me and you better make me believe that you .." 
the black matron ordered as she backed up, forcing Claudia to 
crawl to the center of the mat behind her hand held tit ring.

Looking up at this woman in fear Claudia pleaded,

"I can't .. I've nev .." 

"Well idn't that special! OK bitch so maybe you hadn't done it, 
then you just show me how you like them little needle dicked 
white boys to do your ugly white ass. Show me how them boys in 
your clubs do you.." came the further demand.

Smackkk!

Again came the strop caressed Claudia's flesh, but this time 
it was lower, to the smooth pampered white fleshy buttocks. 

"UMMM" she dried and lowered her protective hand.

The pain was still terrible but the gripped tit ring did not 
waver. It did not let Claudia move at all to evade the strops 
next stroke.

SNAPPP

"Come on bitch we ain't got all day to do this .. or should you 
rather we just start with little missie over there .." The black 
matron said indicating the nude trembling form of .. Jackie .... 
(Claudia's daughter!) kneeling right there in an almost 
cationic state...

&lt;OH GOD NOOOOO!&gt; Claudia's mind screamed. &lt;Not that! I'll do it! 
I'll do it .. to save my daughter..&gt;

Her resolve broken Claudia gripped the fat clothed legs for 
support and unsteadily climbed the clothed black fleshy mountain 
that stood in front of her. On unsteady legs she sought to step 
back to gain some breathing room, but the grip on her tit ring 
did not allow this.

"Come on bitch, get me all hot! and shits! Feel me up! Show me 
how them nasty little white boys does it to your sorry ass." the 
black woman taunted the shrinking white nude.

"Look into my eyes and DO ME! DO ME GOOD OR .."

With shaking hands Claudia began her loathsome task. For the 
first time in her life. She, Claudia Van Smith, had to do .. 

&lt;OH GOD THIS IS TOO .. but she had to to save her daughter ..&gt; 

First she ran her shaking hands over the woman's back as she 
sought out the almost non-existent hips. She ran her 
reluctant fingers over outside of the fat woman's clothes...

&lt;This is dusgustin...&gt; 

Smackkk!

Again the strop found the soft flesh of her defensless ass..

"Come on! Come on!" the woman demanded. "Don't you go being 
all cherry on me! Get me hot.. Kiss me and shit!! Stair into my 
eyes ... yous know what there .. Get it all 'cited.."

Refreshed with the fresh pain Claudia willed her hands to roam 
faster over the monstrous concealed black chest.

&lt;These breasts are huge and she doesn't even have a bra. They 
stick out soo and ...&gt; Claudia thought as she explored the black 
chest before her. She dare not look down. She steadily stared 
into the ugly black face and tried to .. Do IT!

Soon a horrified Claudia fingers felt the woman's concealed left 
nipple. It harden against the fingers of her right hand .. 

&lt;This can ..&gt; Claudia thought. &lt;I can't be doing this.&gt;

Continuing her fingering of the stiff nipple, Claudia's other 
hand, her left, roamed over the other concealed tit and when she 
found it, it's nipple too hardened .. All the while the fingers 
of her right hand toyed with the other nipple.

"Well old mama whitie know her way round a tit.. Come on come on!
You done found um .. Don't be all shy and shit .. reach yourself 
right on in there. Really give um a good feel up, you know, like 
them boys do you.." came the order.. "And get them shitty little 
lips to working .. Kiss .. Kiss .."

Claudia reached into the woman's dress with her right hand and 
found the warm smooth expanse of the matrons black left tit 
flesh.
 
&lt;It felt soooo .. I mean in the tennis locker room Margret's 
breasts loo..&gt;

&lt;OH GOD!&gt; Claudia thought.

Never in her life had she had .. her hand  ..
 
It felt so warm and soft and ..

&lt;Why am I getting soo wet? I'm ..  NOOO!&gt;

"Like them! Don't ya bitch?" the woman smiled. "I knows .. them 
is fine.. ones.. Not all puny like these .." the black fist gave 
the tit ring a slight twist..

"Now show me you love um. Kiss! Kiss!" came the demand from 
the puckered fat lips ... closing in on her own.

A horrified Claudia leaned over and sought to kiss the 
woman's neck, anything but those disgusting lips. She tried for 
a spot just under the woman's left ear. 

The woman's perfume was not the best. It was cheep! It smelled 
well .. cheep, but then Claudia's lips contacted the warm black 
flesh and it was soo .. smooth and she ..

"Come on! Kissie kissie .. Just like them white boys do it! 
Come on bitch! Nibble a little .. You be one slow bitch..."

The black matron kept up a constant chatter demeaning the 
frightened white. Letting Claudia stretch out her own 
debasement, giving her time to torture herself as she did the 
inevitable..

Claudia could only comply.. She nibbled the neck and she felt 
the cloth covered breast in her other hand quiver with .. she
feigned excitement.. She had to ..

&lt;Why am I ..&gt; Claudia felt her own nipples harden.. &lt;OH NO 
Not here.. Not like this.. Not in front of Jackie ..&gt;

"Nuff that neck stuff. Do the lips! Do um, NOW!"

Claudia sought to peck the large lips, but the tug on her tit 
ring insured she returned and this time she lingered and opening 
her mouth up wide... 

Soon the demanding matron was twining tongues with the open 
mouth shaved white nude, and Claudia was feeling it...

Now the black woman reached down and gripped Claudia's labia 
ring. By tugging both of Claudia's holdings rings the woman had 
forced Claudia tight up against her front. To any casual observer 
the two were just a pair of dikes, making out in a passionate 
lezzie type tryst.

The white one fumbling with the black ones chest..

"Now begin to un do the buttons on my dress. And don't you dare 
stop with the lip smacking. Make it wet and nasty.. Just like you 
like it!"

After a while of unbuttoning and lip smacking the order came...
 
"Now take the dress off .. slow like .. real slow .. and begin 
kissing that sweet chocolate skin when it come out.. Do it nice 
and slowly .. Gently like .. or I'll .. Do it like you like it.."
 
The woman twisted the rings. Assuring that the white nude would 
not move back as she continued with the kissing. Slowly the 
cloth top of the woman's dress slid down. Claudia kiss the 
shoulders as they emerged .. then the chest .. then the black 
breasts as they came into view .. 

They were flowing all over Claudia's white fists and still she 
felt she had to squeeze them more .. They felt soo ..

Claudia had undressed the black woman half way and she was soo 
turned on...

&lt;Why am I getting soo wet with this? What am I becoming? OH MY 
GOD!!&gt; Claudia shuttered but she could not help herself.

The smooth warm black shoulder that had emerged from the dress 
again beckoned Claudia. She raised her lips to kiss the other 
woman's shoulder skin. She again smelled the body odor of black 
dominant. But this time it was .. soo .. well ..

"Put some feeling in it BITCH! Make me think you love me!" the 
matron admonished the shuttering white nude.

A twist of the nipple ring caused Claudia lower her face and 
kiss the other woman's chest. Then under duress she lick her 
way down .. to the large black breast sticking out straight.

The dress had fallen to the woman's waist and Claudia sought to 
step back from the large black orbs. 

A painful twist or her nipple ring caused a humiliated Claudia 
to quickly put her mouth on the black chest flesh and kiss the 
finger sized nipple .. repeatedly.

"You know how to do a tit bitch!! Do me like you like, and be 
quick about it!" Came the order with a sharp tug of the rings 
that controlled Claudia.

Claudia hastened to obey .. but was it because of .. 

Claudia perceived the protruding of the almost purple nub 
sticking out rigidly now from the black woman's left breast. 

&lt;It was soo .. When she had Jackie .. nursing on her's ... OH 
GOD I can't think like that .. I mu ..&gt; went through Claudia's 
mind as her lips captured and began to suck in the other 
woman's nipple..&gt;

&lt;It was wicked .. It felt soo ... It was soo ... NATURAL .. Her 
lips puckered up and she attempted to devour the ... purple 
nipple..&gt;

"You be paying tension there missie. Mama be one good tit 
sucker.. You better be as good .." the matron called out to a 
cringing Jackie.

Claudia tried to retreat from her tryst but the tit and cunt 
rings held her tummy firmly against the black skin. 

An unseen finger darted inside her defenseless sex lips and when 
it came to her face both of the lezzie pair could smell the love 
juices.

"Bitch you be all jucy and shit. You do be a lezzie.. See .."

The finger rubbed its stolen moisture under Claudia's nose. It 
would serve as a reminder of her bodies humiliation of her.

"Now that we see the way you is .. stop that slobbering on my 
fine tit and get down there to the meat! You just slide on 
down there and go on to the main course, bitch.. You know you 
love it. All you white 'hos be just dripping for a fine black 
ass like mine."

After the cunt ring was released, Claudia slid down the half 
clothed black mountain. She looked up pleading but the hold of 
her tit ring twisted..

"Get on with it honey! My pussy just drooling for your ugly white 
face.. Don't be going all shy on me! Reach right up there and 
slide that thing offen my big black ass. You know you'll gona 
love what under it.." The half naked black female demanded of a 
broken Claudia.

Claudia reached up to the black waist and dug the fingers of 
both of her hands into the warm elastic band holding the remains 
of the dress over the woman's lower half.

The material gave way quickly and after it slid over the huge 
black ass, it fell straight to the floor.

"Don't you be treating my threads like that you honkey. Pick 
that up .. Now take it up .. fold it up nice like. Now put it 
on that chair .. over there ... Naw baby ..You a bitch .. you 
crawl over there and ya crawl back here like the tit sucking 
bitch dog you is.." came the command.

Claudia quickly gathered up the material and crawled over to the 
chair, passing right beside her denuded daughter. 

Jackie looked disgusted .. 

She looked around to see if she could get away.

SNAPPPP

The strop again caressed her reddening ass cheeks. 

Escape ... to where ..

Lowering her head in defeat she crawled back to her place before 
the black matron.

She looked up to plead but the smiling face told her ... 

"GET on with it! My pussy just watering for that honky face o' 
your'n. Get then panties out the way so you can really get to 
work. Boy I hope your tongue be soft.. or I ..."

Claudia reached up with both hands to get the remaining garment 
down. This brought her head almost into the woman's crotch.

The sweaty fishy smell emanating from the sex she was uncovering 
was .. horr.. well .. UM .. 

Claudia forced herself to act and not think. She wound up with a 
pair of smelly sweaty panties in her hands as the woman stepped 
out of them . 

Then she looked up, by the tangled mass of curly black hair to 
the black face protruding over the massive tits. That black 
bush she knew was in her future..

The matron motioned with her head to the chair.

Claudia knew she was not to rise. So she started to crawl to 
the chair.

"Get use to um, bitch. Carry that nasty panties, in your mouth 
like the doggie you is .. and shake that skinny ass .. I likes 
to see happy 'hos crawling for me." 

Claudia almost threw up .. &lt;In my .. mouth ..&gt;

But she did it without choking and then crawled back to her 
place in front of the now nude black woman.

The woman grabbed Claudia's left ear, opened her massive sweating 
legs and squat marched over the poor white nude's face.

The massive flesh seemed to blot out the light as the smelly 
crack first advanced over her mow upturned fact. Then the 
smelly crack settled down on the horrified novice's face. 
The hand holding her ear grabbed the back of her head and 
forced Claudia's poor face deep into the black crack. The 
massive legs closed up and Claudia was there, captured face 
deep in another woman's smelly sex .. forever .. or as long 
as the matron wanted.

"Honkey bitch .. don't you be just setting there ... show me how 
friendly your face be ... Lick my hole ...  My ass hole!! Nothing 
like a nice afternoon ass licking to make a woman's crack feel to 
home on some bitch's face.."

Claudia froze but then the black cunt engulfing her face seemed 
to squeeze harder, crushing her ears .. and the command was,

"Bitch you best be licking my ass hole or I has to off your ass 
right there in my nice warm cunt."

Claudia realized that she could not breathe and so she frantically 
began to lick the horrible smelling hole right before her crushed 
open mouth.

It was either do it, or die and Claudia did not want to die..

She licked and licked and prayed ... If only a lightning bolt 
came down and killed her dead then..

More to come .....




                        Helen # 008
                        by Paladin

The smell between the black matrons legs from her sex and other 
places was .. horrible .. The dank humid atmosphere was .. well 
oppressive ..

Of course the time she had spent 'resting' in Jackie's (her 
daughter's) cunt had prepared her for this, but it was still 
HORRIBLE!! I mean this woman was not a clean young woman.

She was  .. well .. and old whore with smelly hair and .. her 
ass hole was .. well .. NOT CLEAN!!

Claudia's mouth was contaminated by the horrible taste .. of 
the whore's ass hole in no time. 

Claudia had never been this low before .. But she had to do 
the deeds required of her .. She was saving her daughter!

The matron directed her every actions and corrected any 
transgressions with a nod of her head. The resulting a stroke 
of the strop to her now bright red ass, guaranteed a quick 
change of the behavior or lack of same.

Smiling and satisfied with Claudia's actions the matron 
pronounced her fit for servicing of the whores returning 
from their tour of 'street duty'.

(I mean those cunts get really gummy and greasy milking all you 
swinging dicks out there on the street.. and what better training 
for a novice cunt lapper is their?)

Claudia was taken from the room and tied with her neck held in a 
wooden stock, facing the floor, belly down. Her head was held 
about waist high. 

A table was drawn up below her face and the returning whores just 
had to lay back on it with their nasty cunts sticking .. well .. 
presented to our new novice cunt lapper .. Claudia! 

They were all well used .. and their dirty pussies presented for 
Claudia's oral ministrations really did need attention.

After the horror became routine, Claudia noticed her neck was 
killing her, and her tongue felt as if it was about to break off 
.. at it's roots, but the line of returning whores seemed to go 
on .. and on .. 

Whenever Claudia sought to slow down or refuse a particularly 
nasty cunt .. the strop convinced her .. she had to continue.. 
she had to endure .. 

After all she was saving was saving her precious little ..
Jackie.. or was she??

****

Back in the initial instruction room a horrified Jackie, saw 
her naked broken mother removed. Now she found herself 
undergoing the same type of indoctrination as her mother had 
before her. 

She too had an old wizened whore for an instructor but a 
smiling male, Emit, wielded the strop for her corrections and
encouragement.

In fact when her denuded mother was taken out .. daughter Jackie 
felt her 'training' was even worse than the former.

She moved along swiftly though .. well, she knew the drill .. 
She had seen the things required. She knew the consequences of 
her mothers inaction or refusal. 

Besides Jackie was a young modern .. she had .. well, 
'experimented' with kinky sex before .. BUT NOT LIKE THIS!

NEVER LIKE THIS!!

****

After a while, and with more greasy cunts still waiting in line 
for her attention, Claudia was removed from the frame and again 
brought before her trainer.

"You does that real natural. You a born cunt lapper GAL.. Yea
bout a million more and you be ready to take it on the road and 
make a living .."

The trainer beamed down at her star pupil. 
 
Claudia was not happy with this kind of praise of her in her 
new occupation but she did not object. The strop was somewhere 
close behind her if she showed the slightest hesitancy.

"We got's us a little.. cituation .. A pencil dicked white boy 
likes to come on down here to our town and generally 'fuck his 
brains out', periodically. He a good customer! Got's his self a 
fine, moneyed daddy too." 

"Now tonight whitie done brung down a cunt to share the 
festivities .. And she be bored just seeing numnuts getting his 
nuts, and generally watching, all the action .. So she be out 
there waiting for some pussy for herself too." 

"Well I just naturally thought of you. You be available.. Why 
she even be your kind .. You mights even knows her.. Be no never 
mind anyway you needs the practice." 

"Soo you is gonna get your first taste of strange .. You gonna 
do the nasty with her, here, TONIGHT!"
 
"RIGHT NOW!! Ain't that a kick??"


A horrified Claudia paled. Someone she might know?? Down here?? 
The only thing that had kept her sane, till now, was these were 
blacks ..they were animals.. not of her kind.. but this ..

Her neck was collared, with a white leather dog collar, and she 
was dragged down a long hall into a large shower room. There she
was to be cleaned!

She was not permitted to touch herself .. She was hosed down. 
Just like some prize poodle or farm beast. First with cold water 

(Why waste hot or even warm water on an untrained novice?) 

Next she was hosed with soapy, cold water and finally a rinse 
with, you got it cold water. The attendant got the stream in 
all the female nooks and crannies ..

The process was all done by old emaciated black whores. (You 
could tell by their tits and the rings still sticking out from 
their withered old cunts.)

They approached the work like a car wash attendants. Impersonal 
but thorough. Slacking in 'Long Dongs' operation brought swift 
retribution! 

(They probably worked at washing 'Long Dongs' car just the same 
as this.)

A new pink safety razor was run over her pussy and head to remove 
any of that, pesky five o'clock shadow, that had grown out during 
Claudia's training.

After which her trainer ran a firm black hand over all the 
denuded areas and called for attention where ever stubble was 
found. (Also a stroke from the strop was delivered to the old 
whore doing the shaving.)

Finally satisfied with her readiness, the clean Claudia was taken 
into 'the dress up room' for her attire.

First her whole body was powered with a fine sticky milk white 
power. It adhered to her skin and made her look like she had just 
emerged from a milk bath.

Next a small tan panty hose was stretched over Claudias medium 
body. This required a lot of tugging but along with the absence 
of the crotch part, it served to emphasize the bondage nature of 
the attire and the female parts.

Another small tan panty hose was forced down over Claudias head 
and arms. Her head and breasts were pulled through the crotch 
hole causing her tits to be pushed together and up without any
need of bra or anything..

Finally a tan stocking was forced down over her head, thus 
obscuring her facial features, if the denuded female could be 
recognized anyway. This capped the tan over milk white effect.
All those normally uncovered female parts were obscured, and 
the normally covered bits were displayed and emphasized.

The little girl's razor slit a mouth hole in the stocking and 
our cunt lapper was now dressed. Other things remained to finish 
off the effect.. 

(GUESS??)

Claudia was lead by her collar leash to the full length mirror
in the final preparations room.

One look and Claudia wanted to crotch and hide herself. She .. 
was.. more naked then she had ever been. The contrast between 
the milk white skin of her sex parts and the tan nylon covering 
of her arms, legs and head serving to emphasize the nudity of 
her female parts like never before! 

She had never felt more exposed in her live. 

Even in the stirrups in the doctors office .. 

This was worse..

Her trainer standing beside her smiling, like a new mother, 
commented,

"UM UM UM! I sure nuff does make a fine cunt lapper if I says so 
myself. Now we finishes ya off with a little lipstick stuff and 
we be all done."

Taking a vile of something bright RED the trainer, with a small 
paint brush, proceeded to paint the stuff on Claudia's lips.

Claudia, thinking she was finished now, sought to turn away but 
was stopped as the brush was lowered and the trainer now 
proceeded to coat her displayed nipples and areolas next.

Her nipples seemed to stick out like two cherries in a sea of 
the finest white whipped cream.

Surely she was done decorating Claudia! But the trainer still 
held her there and handed the brush to the wash room attendant. 

The old woman knelt before the cringing nude novice cunt lapper.

"Spread your cunt open bitch. Gal gonna freshen you up!"

&lt;WWHWH ..&gt; 

Claudia watched horrified as the old woman proceeded to coat 
her spread open denuded cunt and neither lips with the bright 
red liquid, this took a while. Next she took another vile with 
another brush and painted Claudia's little bashful sex button 
in .. ELECTRIC BLUE .. All the insides of her cunt became BLUE!

"There now don't ya feel better with your make up on?" inquired 
the trainer.

The pasty faced denuded female form that stared back at her 
from the mirror was .. not even of this world .. 

The milk white skin with that tan mesh .. covering .. nothing 
but framing .. everything .. accented with slashes of red at the 
mouth and crotch .. topped with the red spirals capping the chest 
.. it was just too much ...

Claudia was horr .. ple .. prou .. She could only stand there on 
shaky legs spellbound at the creature in the mirror.

Just like all ya females .. bathed .. powered .. dressed .. and 
made up .. Claudia was READY!!

A yank on her leash broke her cationic state as she was again lead 
to .. Somewhere ... 

All she could do was place one foot behind the other and follow 
her trainer..

At the door her trainer passed her leash to a younger elegantly 
dressed black woman. 

This woman after tugging the leash for her attention, and looking 
over her bodys decorations. Then she began to instruct Claudia,

"You will NOT SPEAK .. NEVER UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES! Under any 
conditions, unless I give you MY permission! .. You keep your 
tongue still. You says anything, anything at all, at any time 
and I'll personally pierce that nasty tongue of yours on the 
spot and might even split that sucker down the middle .. NO! 
Don't say anything .. Nothing..."

Her new trainer then turned, opened the door and dragged Claudia
into the opening behind her by her leash.

Claudia found herself being lead into a plushy furnished, 
thickly carpeted room. Their was even a glass chandelier. 

In the room, sitting in an over stuffed red chair was a 
familiar looking brunette girl of about her daughters age.

The girl had a glass of champagne in her hand and was obviously 
sitting there bored and pissed. She took a sipof her bubbly, and 
looked up at the advancing woman and ... well Claudia., Wide eyed 
she began, 

"It took ya lo.... Sweet Jesus! what is this?" the girl cried 
out obviously overcome with the vision of female flesh being 


led into her presence by leash, like an animal.

"Long Dong told us to prepare a slave for you .. if you are 
displeased.." the trainer began.

The girl stood there open mouth spilling her wine, but she managed 
to shake her head,

"NO! NO! I just .. well .. it was a .. "

"A slave must be properly prepared for an honored guest such 
as yourself." the trainer explained, and quickly went on, "If 
the young madam would like, I will help you in achieving full 
satisfaction from this thing before you... For today we will
call her BITCH."

Still open mouthed the girl sat down and could only nod ...

"Yea I .. I'd like that.. I mean what does she do? I mean .." the 
girl seemed to rundown like a coiled spring. She could not think 
of anything to say. She could just sit there wide eyed and wait 
for instruction.

The new trainer hastened to fill in the gap,

"At the first meeting of a mistress and slave it is critical to 
establishing the relationship. If the beginning goes badly .. 
then the whole mystique will be ruined."

"If Madam would allow me to instruct her. I will guide you in 
this, your first, I take it, encounter with a SLAVE?"

Still open mouthed the dazzled girl shook her head and stammered...

"Yea .. yea .. instruct me .." 

The woman nodded and ordered Claudia,

"Kneel before your new Mistress! Now look into her eyes. She is 
your new Mistress you will obey and pleasure her in all things.."

As Claudia's gaze concentrated on the young woman. She realized ..

&lt;It's Bunny Harris .. Jackie's classmate. She has been in my 
house. She knows the..&gt;

"Now young Mistress, might I suggest that you change your attire! 
Training slaves is messy and you don't want to ruin your street 
attire." the trainer advised the young woman starring in wonder 
at the .. the .. woman thing kneeling before her..

"Please step behind the screen, remove all your street attire and 
select something more appropriate."

"For your first time with bitch here, I would suggest you use the 
smock and no under ware as this will inhibit you in the progress 
of the bitche's training.."

In a daze Bunny let herself be lead behind the screen. The 
trainer helped her with the removal of her clothes and the 
donning of the freshly laundered blue smock.

"You must assume command of the bitch. She is not to see you 
naked till you have taken command of her. She must see you as her 
owner .. her better .. then she will service you .. or anyone you 
order .. but YOU MUST ESTABLISH YOUR AUTHORITY!"

The trainer brought the smock covered woman back before the 
kneeling 'bitch' and then placed a straight backed chair behind 
her.

"Sit down here." the trainer advised.

The girl sat.

"Bitch arise and place that miserable body over young mistress's 
knees."

A curious Claudia did as she was ordered.

"Now place your left arm around and under the bitch young mistress!" 
the trainer instructed.

"Good now try this and see how you like the effect on these flabby 
ass cheeks." came the order.

smak

Claudia's naked ass received a light slap from something flexible
and leathery.

"NO! No! Young Mistress, you are seeking to master the bitch 
here. It is imperative, you must beat her ass with all your 
strength. She will not respect you if you hold back." 

"Now try it again and be sure to hold her down firmly!"

SMAkkkk

"UMMMMM" Claudia murmured. 

"Shut up bitch." the trainer ordered.

"Not bad but harder this time .. Like a first impression, the 
slaves first beating with a new mistress sets their relationship 
forever. Is the strap too light? Maybe you'd prefer a cane?"

"UM N... no the strap is fine it's just ... I mean .. doesn't 
this hurt her?" Bunny asked in aw at these events.

"Of course it hurts. It has to hurt to show the bitch whose boss. 
Or are you that way .. Would you like me to have her do your 
ass?"

Aghast Bunny stammered as she raised her right arm over her head,

"NO NO I can do it..."

SMMMAAAAKKKK

"AAAAAAHHAHA" Claudia cried out.

"Better, but this next time do it higher .. say across the small 
of the back."

SMAKKSN

"UUMMU" Claudia tried to but could not keep silent.

&lt;OH GOD! That hurt! They have to stop! They have to..&gt; Claudia 
thought.

"Does her noise bother you? I can have her gagged if it does." the 
trainer advised the girl as she again raised her arm.

SMAAAHHKKKK

"UMMMMMMMMMMMMM"

"No it is OK. I mean it's not too bad.. Actually I like it." a 
smiling Bunny murmured as she again raised her arm and ..

SMAKKKK

"uMMMMMM"

"Good, like that and be sure and don't pay any attention to her 
cries. These slaves are a lazy lot. They hope to win a reprieve by 
their cries. Only pay attention to the welts on the skin. They are 
the true indicators."

"Now try to keep up that stroke. Move your aim up and down her 
back, ass and don't forget the legs. And hold her tight she might 
just try to jump up on you..."

"If she jumps up ... stroke across her tits to teach her not to 
do that. You are young. This is your first so I will assist you 
this time."

SMAKKKKK SMAKKK sMAKKK

Claudias ass, small of her back, and the back of her thighes 
received stroke after stroke at the trainers insistance.

The beating went on and on. Claudia cried out louder and louder 
No one paid attention. Then the strap paused.

"My arm is tired!" Bunny interjected.

"Of cource! It is your first time. Fling her on the floor and I 
will get you something to drink, beating a slave, especially for 
the first time can be such thirsty work!"

Claudia was forces off Bunny's knees onto the plush carpet but 
could not lay down on her back. Her sore ass required her to remain 
belly down and sobbing.

After a while she heard,

"Ready to continue little Miss?"

"Well my arm is still soo tired."

"Well position bitch the other way and use your left arm." the 
trainer advised.

Claudia offered no resistance as she again found herself held 
belly down, over her daughters friend Bunny's knees. 

She now flet like some errant little child receiving a beating
from this young woman as the trainer looked on giving 
instruction.. and encouragment .. It was too much for her ..

The pain and the humiliation sought to end her ever thinking of 
herself as self. She was just 'bitch' now. She'd do anything to
stop the fire all along her rear.

The stroking of the strapping was shorter this time. (Bunny was 
not a strong girl with her left arm either.)

Claudia found her self again sobbing belly down on the carpet.

"Now go sit in the far chair." 

"Order her to crawl to you. Like a dog on all fours and have her 
shaking her tail. If she hesitates, use the strap." the trainer 
advised the young mistress.

Bunny walked over to the chair indicated and ordered,

"Crawl over here bitch."

Bitch did it! No hesitations! Wagged her burning ass the whole way. 

When she arrived at her now Mistresses leg she sought to rest her 
sobbing head on the smock covered left knee.

"Don't allow that. Either make her kneel up, legs spread, and 
hands behind her head or have her tongue you out under your 
skirt. .. Discipline! Remember if you spare her the strap and 
she will not properly fear or respect you." the trainer advised.

"I'n soo horny!" Bunny cried, "Get under here and lick me out, 
bitch."

Bitch complied. She quickly ducked her head under the smock. 
The cunt was easily found by the tell tale odar of the dripping 
sex. 

True it was frothing but compared to the nasty greasy whores 
pussys before this one was positively sweet.. And the 
strapping has stopped .. What more could bitch hope for ..

Bitch worked Bunny through 4 orgasims right then and there.

"God this beating got me s.. oooo .. so horny. I've never had 
it soo ..."

The door opened and Jock entered.

"Bunny are you ready to go. My little dickie is sore. It must be 
these black ... What are you doing and who is that under ..."

"Shut up Jock! I'm busy now go to the bar and wait for me. NOW!" 
Bunny demanded.

A stunned Jock retreated to the bar and left Bunny to her 
pleasures.

When she was really,  really, tired, Bunny kicked bitch away, 
and got up from the chair. 

She bent and looked into the eyes of her bitch. 

"She look... Naa couldn't be.." Bunny uttered as she viscously 
pincher the bright red nipples decorating bitches chest.

"Something to remember till next time, bitch" Bunny called 
back as she went behind the screen to dress.

"I like it! And I'll be back. Keep her here for me." Bunny 
demanded as she left the room.

"That could be very expensive miss. Bitch here is on call and 
may not be .. available, but we aim to please, as long as the 
price is paid, ... in advanced .." the trainer informed the new 
good customer.

"I have the money, and I know what I like. You keep her for me 
and I will pay. You just keep her for me." Bunny ordered.

"I will try but bitch here is only one of many slaves here. She 
is old. Their are many .. uh .. younger ones who might satisfy you 
better. Come back and I will attempt to satisfy your every desires 
from our stock."

"In the mean time, do something with your arms. You will need 
more strength to 'meet' an obstinate slave. Bitch here was easy."

"OK OK I'll be back.. " Bunny retorted as she exited.

The trainer knew, like any addiction, the girl was hooked. She 
would be back, maybe tomorrow. And then she would be charged 
more. And she would continue to return till her addiction was 
quenched if ever..

More to come...




                        Helen # 009
                        by Paladin

While all these things were happening to the trio of bitches, 
in 'Long Dongs' finishing academy, Helen had not been idle. 

She had traveled to Jackie's house up in Connecticut, found 
and brought back the damaged Caddy for evidence.

Now no matter what Claudia wanted .. or did .. Helen owned her 
now not only in body but soul too..

She toyed with the idea of going over and retrieving Claudia. But 
she decided that the more time spent in 'Long Dongs' establishment 
the more good it would do the socialite's thinking..  By now she'd 
experience a whole new world of good 'speriences ... 

She knew that when she retrieved Claudia, their would be a marked 
improvement in the woman's respect for authority.

(Yea let the mans people do all the work.. Like all ya women!)

Helen pulled the Caddy into the Van Smith drive and their was a 
low slung red sports car in the drive.

&lt;What the fuck is this? Some bastard trying to steal my house 
right out from under my ass. Sucker, you done picked the wrong 
place..&gt; Helen though as she parked the car and upholstered her 
detective special.

Carefully she, using Claudia's keys, opened the door. Silently 
using police entry procedure, she advanced room by room through 
the houses many ground floor rooms.

At the bar, she spied a young man with his back to her, drinking 
from a wide mouth crystal glass, sitting on a stool. From the open 
bottle on the bar, it seemed that the man was drinking scotch, 
expensive scotch!

"Freeze sucker!" Helen cried out from behind the muzzle of her 
weapon wedged in the door jam.

Crash..

The startled man dropped his glass. Then he slowly started to 
turn around to face Helen.

BLAM

Helen sent one past his right ear and again ordered,

"I said FREEZE SUCKER! And I meant it. Now put your hands up and 
stand there. DO IT NOW!!" she ordered.

The man, scared shitless, froze from the shot, raised his hands 
and stood stark still, stature like still. 

(Nothing like a round by the ear to get some one's attention!)

"Look if I set off the alarm I'm sorry. I'm Claudia's nephew. I 
come here some times .. Um she .. well She wasn't home so I let 
myself in and ..." the man said to the glass window before him.

"Slowly with your left hand, take out your wallet and set it on 
the bar. DO IT NOW!" Helen ordered paying no attention to the 
scared mans babblings.

Sensing the command emanating from the voice, even though female,
he carefully complied with the demand and again tried to reason 
with her,

"Look I mean I know she do.."

"Shut up fool! Your about to get a cap up your ass if you 
continue to dis me. I'm an officer of the law." Helen informed 
the man's back.

Satisfied with his conpliance with her order, Helen demanded, 

"Now un do your belt and let your trousers slide down to your 
ankles .. Do it now!"

"Now loo..." the man began.

BLAM!

Another hole was punched into the glass behind the bar. He 
could see it.. She ment BUSINESS!

"Don't try my patience sucker. DO IT NOW! AND DON'T BE LOOKING 
AROUND. THE NEXT ONE HAS YOUR NAME ON IT!" Helen orders the now
thoroughly frightened quaking man.

The second shot took all the confidence out of the man. He was 
suddenly sober and very, very cooperative. He let his pants slide 
down, all the way to his ankles and kept his hands up all the 
while. No problem! All that time he had spent in the gym was for 
naught. NADA!.

"Now take two steps back." She demanded.

Hindered by the trousers puddled at his legs the man did as he 
was ordered. He shuffled back.


"Further back ... Good! Now lean over and catch a 'hold onto the 
bar edge. Arms straight out there.. DO IT NOW!"

The man assumed the bent over posture, his legs tangled with his 
own trousers. No complaints!

Satisfied with her command of the situation, Helen then advanced 
into the room right up to the man's bent back. 

She jammed her weapon's muzzle to the base of his spine and 
reached over for his wallet. 

"Best be still of you'll never walk again.." Helen informed him.

She flipped open his wallet on the bar and looked over the 
information and contents. 

&lt;Little money but platinum cards all. This was good. And this 
sucker with all the tight ass and shit could be a lot of fun!&gt;

"Spread your knees apart sucker!" she ordered.

"Now se..." he started but the poke of the muzzle, into his spine 
stopped all complaints. 

He half squatted as he spread his knees opened with his ankles 
still tangled in his trousers.

Helen reached up under the man and grabbed the hanging plumb like 
orbs. 

After a testing twist, she squeezed um. Satisfied with her hole she 
gave a terrible wicked twist to the mans family jewels.

"UDNDSOANDJHFNAND" the man tried to scream. He lost his grip on 
the bar and fell hitting his head. Then he down and finally came to 
rest on his knees bent over on the floor. His hands were cupping his 
aching balls.

With her toe, Helen pushed the bawling man, he fell over onto the 
floor and curled up further into a fetal ball hugging his aching 
balls and trying to breath..

Satisfied with her 'prisoners disposition', Helen now sat at on the 
bar stool. Without looking down, she calmly pored herself a drink, 
from the scotch. After a sip, she leisurely look over the wallets 
information.

The man, Mark Tyler, was probably what he said, some family member 
but it was his tough luck to be here, today. Helen had, had to take 
the offensive as she did because she not have her 'landlady' 
available at present to explain the deal to this sucker, and ..

Besides she liked to break rich young men's balls.

Mark had that work out look. Soon he would of tried to use it. This
was she did not give him half a chance. Helen had established her 
authority. Now she would exercise it! He would do all the answering. 

She reached down and easily removed the crying mans shirt, and 
all of his remaining clothes. No fight here..

(Pays to keep him naked and under her control. Besides she liked 
the look of all that tanned male flesh under her feet.)

With a little trouble she easily cuffed him, behind his back.

When Mark finally regained his breadth, he found himself naked, 
and handcuffed at the feet of a crazy black woman with the gun.

She was drinking from a glass. Upon seeing his consciousness, 
she leisurely picked up her weapon from the bar, and placed the 
muzzle against his cringing nose.

A black hole the size of a tunnel looked him in the eyes. He was 
scared out of his mind. This police woman had .. shot at him .. 
twisted his balls .. now she was gonna ...

"Please, please, don't, I'll give ya money .. I .." he stammered.
"You're an officer of the..."

"Now we plays twenty questions! In the old days I'd make the game 
interesting by putting one bullet in the chamber and spin it 
while we explored the world of your knowledge. Today, with an 
automatic .. I'll have to just take out parts, of you. How bout 
first I shoot off the shriveled little weenie if you lie to me .. 
OK" Helen explained to her cringing prisoner.

Then Mark disgraced himself... right there on the bar's polished 
wooden floor... with the muzzle rested on the flaccid dick head.

"You nasty piss ant!" Helen exclaimed as she jumped back to 
avoid the yellow fluid.

"I should just blow ...." Helen started as she again pressing 
her pistol barrel firmly to Mark's dick head..

"Please! please ! Don't! I beg you.. mam." Mark pleaded with 
tears in his eyes. "I didn't mean too..."

He was soo humiliated. This crazy black bitch, with the big 
black gun had literally scared the piss out of him and now 
she was gonna ..

"YOU BETTER BEHAVE. SUCKER. I don't like my floors all 
pissed on. You really sorry? Really!" Helen admonished her 
terrified male prisoner all the while toying with the big 
black pistol.

He was soo scared he could not speak. He could only shake 
his head ... YES!

"OK, OK I'm a fair woman. You say you're sorry... So to prove 
your sorry ... Really sorry! Whyn't you just bend over and .. 
lick that mess you made up!"

Mark was over come. SHE WANTED HIM TO ... He couldn't ..

The gun motioned and he raised himself to his knees. 

Helen forced his face down onto the warm stinking mess and 
after placing the muzzle at the back of his head, ordered,

"Lick that mess or .. BANG! BANG! SUCKER. LICKIE LICKIE.."

Mark knew she meant it. 

He stuck out his tongue and with his stomach threatening to 
barf, proceeded to lick up his own waste. this was the most 
disgusting degrading thing he had ever had to do ..

But the gun was there at the back of his head .. somewhere ..

While her male was doing the task assigned, Helen reached down 
behind Marks but and slipped a noose of the 50 lb. test fishing 
line, over Marks dangling balls. She had, had the spool in her 
purse for just such emergencies.  

Helen gave a short yank and demanded,

"Looks like you like that. Kneel up here, and I'll give ya some 
the sweeter stuff, direct from the source .. me!"

"UUUAAANNANNNN!" Mark tried to object..

Responding to the blinding pain to his sore nuts Mark's head 
popped up. He found himself face to cunt. Eyes starring directly
into the tangle of smelly, kinky, black pubic hair that 
decorated Helen's pubic region.

"Now I know it ain't your normal fair but you'd best think of 
this un as a special treat from ME. Now get your mouth up under 
there and hurry up. I has to go! I has to go, real BAD!"

Shepherded by the blunt black muzzle Mark shuffled forward, 
twisted his neck and arranged himself face up, directly under 
the smelly black cunt. There, open mouthed, he awaited a fate 
worse than ....

"Open your mouth, real wide, you dumb sucker!" Helen demanded 
resting the barrel's opening in Marks right eye. "Now stay 
right there and ENJOY!"

Mark opened wide and kept his mouth open while Helen relieved 
herself. In his oral cavity ..

When ever he gagged or tried to squirm out from his open 
mouth position, Helen jammed the muzzle in the center of 
his forehead and ... well he stayed right there...

"Man you're one sloppy piss drinker ... Just you look at what 
you done all on my nice polished floor!" Helen demanded.

The overflow had drizzled down over Marks nude body and was
now puddled under him ..

Mark had hold of the fishing line, behind his back, to try to
protect himself, but the yank from Helen's strong black hands 
threatened to deball him.

Quickly Mark fell over. He literally dived face first into the 
remnants of her and his waste water.

"You better be lapping that all up or I gonna have me a new set 
of white ball ear rings." Helen informed the crying gagging male.

Again he reluctantly started to slop up the mess with his tongue
to save his family jewels.

Unsatisfied with Marks progress, Helen opened her purse and 
withdrew the vile and her brush applicator in its plastic bag. 

She dipped the brush in the vile of hot sauce and grabbed a fist 
full of Mark's hair.

She lifted the slobbering face up and squatted down before the 
naked male.

Deftly she dabbed the fiery hot pepper sauce all over the shy 
dick head of the man.

As the fire began to consume his organ Helen informed Mark,

"Faster you clean my floor, faster I might clean that shit off .."

Newly motivated the wimpy male made quick work of the vile yellow 
liquid on the floor.

"Missed some over there .." Helen pointed out and he duck walked 
over and quickly it was consumed. No arguments.

Through tearing yes Mark watched the woman lower a glass of water 
to his crotch. He strained to lower his burning dick head into the 
cool soothing water. The fire dissipated some. He could think 
again somewhat but his dick head still burned.

"Now don't you be pissing on my floor, again. I think I call you 
'piss head' on 'cound you got it all over your face and head. Now 
where was we??" 

"Playing 20 questions? Yea. Let's see .. Oh yea, Does you come to 
a complete stop when you sees a stop sign?"

Mark quickly nodded his head. This earned him a vicious tug to his 
aching balls.

"UUUU", he grunted and quickly shouted out, "Yes MAN! I DO .. I 
WILL ..I PROMISE .. I .."

"Well now we getting some place." Helen smile smugly. 

"Now did we 'stablish that you is applying for the position of 
maid / butler in my add. Or be you a bugler in MY HOUSE?" Helen 
demanded.

"I'm ... uh .. " Mark looked up into that big black 9mm hole in 
Helen's automatic. 

His courage failed him.

"I'm here for the job .. mam." he managed to spit out.

"Then you must of read where I wanted a queer? Right! So you're 
a queer? Right?" Helen's aim never wavered from between those 
big blue eyes that had seduced many a young coed.

"Yes mam .. I'm .. I'm gay." Mark answered unconvincingly.

"Naaa! I want a queer .. a dick eating piss drinking QUEER!" 
Helen corrected him.

Tension on the fishing line broke any determined resistance.

"Yes mam! I'm ... uh what you said.." Mark mumbled.

"You don't sound very convincing!" Helen smiled. "Whyn't ya 
shout it out so as I can hear it."

These were the hardest words he ever had to shout but the 
sight of that small brush with the hot pepper sauce and the 
taught line to his balls convinced him.

He'd seen the light. He was ga.. QUEER!

If this woman wanted him to be an Eskimo He'd be an Eskimo.. 

"You almost got me convinced. But ya know, I don't see any 
of them tattoos or rings on ya the queers wear. I'm gonna 
need to take you down to Harrie's bar and see how you 
behave with a bar full of queers. That 'ud be the acid test. 
Come on piss face, we go down there and see how you do with 
the sissies. You gotta convince me. After all a girl just 
can't be too careful these days. Don't ya know?"

Helen rose off her stool rifle through Marks discarded 
trousers. She came up with the keys to his life.

"We'll be taking your car. I never drove one of those. You 
don't mind I take it.. Do ya SWEETIE??" Helen inquired of 
the quaking male as she twirled her big black weapon. 

"UH .. Well .. UH NOO!" Mark responded to a short tug to 
the fishing line..

That settled it. Helen rose, yanked the line and started for 
the door..

Mark hurriedly followed the fishing line, just like a catch in 
the water, out to his car. His pride and joy ... 

After he lowered himself into the passenger seat Helen 
secured him there naked, cuffed in the seat by the simple 
expedient of rapping the fishing line around the shifting 
lever, after first making sure it was taught. Very taught!

(Didn't want the boy to fall out now did she??)

Throughout the long drive Mark had a tendency to lean down 
to try to cover himself in the seat. 

Helen was just having a ball. The car was low slung and the 
top was down. And it was a fine day for a drive. For her ..
For Mark it was not soo fine..

Helen took the 'scenic root' but finally arrived at the bar. 
She did go around back and enter through the door off the alley.

Dragging her reluctant nude behind her line she called out 
to one and all,

"Hay you'll I got ya some fresh dick. Any one of ya queers 
want a free feel?? He likes it if ya twist his balls.."

Marks dick endeavored to hide behind his swollen balls but 
was followed the line none the less. He attempted to stand 
up all hunched over with his legs tightly together.

Helen didn't allow this. She kept her 'queer' in constant 
motion, to show off Mark's tan skin ass and such..

The boys there had seen some of the shit that Helen had done 
in the past so this was not new to them.

Laughing and joking, everyone crowed around Mark and 
attempted to get a feel of the new boy's .. things.

"Boys this here is 'piss head'. He likes to drink piss hot 
from the source or cold from the floor." Helen began, "But 
I never seen him go down on a dick yet. Me being lacking in 
that department, and persuasion. I decided to bring him down 
here where you'll could show me how he gobbles his dicks. I 
want you to 'valuate him and come up with a list of his 
short comings. Maybe help the boy along .. "

Sam the bartender, stepped right up, grabbed a fist full of 
Marks long wavy hair, twisted it and demanded, 

"Boy ... piss head .. how do you like it best .. down the 
throat .. or up the ass?"

Helen yanked the line.

"AHHAHAHAHAAAA!"

"He likes it all ways." she informed the assembly of gay men. 
"How bout I leave him here in your care, Sam and you and the 
boys here give him a test spin so to speak."

"As you can see he needs rings and some tats and such. Put it 
all on his card here." Helen informed all the boys present.

"When you're done set him down between the urinals and let him 
drink his fill till I get back. I know he'll love that. He did 
back at my place." Helen gave another yank ..

"AAAHAHHHHAA!" Mark responded.

"Yea OK Thanks Officer. We'll take good care of him for ya." 
Sam answered taking up a firm grip of Mark's aching balls.

Without a backward glance Helen left the bar to explore the 
limits of the her new sports roadster... 

&lt;The boy be in good hands.&gt; she knew from past experience.

After she left, Mark tried to reason with the excited crowd 
but soon found himself belly down over the bar's pool table 
in the back room. Two happy muscular men played 'make a wish'
with Mark's naked legs. Each of the men ran his fingers up 
the young mans straining legs and occasionally fondled his
shrunken dick head.

A big black gay leaped up and managed to squire Marks virginal 
ass hole in one leap.

(Talented I'd say.)

Mark raised his weary head, opened his mouth to scream, only 
to find a long thin brown dick there sounding for his stomach.

Mark was baptized into the brotherhood of Harry's place then 
and there .. or maybe it was after the first 100 dickings or so..

No matter... the boy was induced and he was up for grabs till 
Helen came back for him..

More to come..




                        Helen # 010
                        by Paladin

Bitch's (formally known as Claudia) ass was swollen and stiped 
from Bunnie's ministrations. 

Now she staggered down the long hall, lead by her trainer's 
hold on her embedded cunt ring. They past another denuded 
female busily tongue swabbing the nasty cunts of 'Long Dong's' 
whores as they return from a shift of pleasuring customers.

Bitch didn't even know or care who it was. She could just 
followed her trainer hand into a pleasantly appointed room. 

Her trainer turned released her hold of bitch's ting, turned 
and sat down on a soft comfortable red couch in the center of 
the room.

There she forced bitch to squat down in front of her, with 
bitchs knees raised up and spread. Her but 6 inches off the 
floor before the center of the couch. Her left hand was 
required, set down, way behind her on the floor to keep her 
balance. 

This was now a comfortably posture there between her trainers 
spread legs. The trainers naked puss was spread before her.

Then came the command,

"Strum that little bump of your'n! And you better do it till I 
get tired of watching ya cum! She me how a high class piece does
the nasty.. Come on bitch .. Play that thing .."

Splatt

The trainers remarks were punctuated by an over hand slash to 
bitches all ready sore stripped back and ass with a thin black 
leather belt held tightly in the trainers right hand.

Bitch had never done this in ... um .. public before.. She 
looked up from her crouch but the sight of the raising of that 
big black right arm convinced her, She could do it!! She could 
do it here and NOW! 

Quickly bitch's right hand reached down under her mons. She found 
that little open space there between her swollen labia where her 
shy little clit was hidden.

She grabbed it and began to manipulate it. 

Anything to please her trainer. 

She had done this before, but of course, all ways she was in the 
privacy of her big soft bed, alone, in her home, ALONE! 

NOW SHE HAD TO DO IT HERE WITH A SMIRKING BLACK TRAINER GRINNING
DOWN ON HER FORMALLY INTIMATE ACT.

She looked up into the scowling face and smiled weekly. She was 
attempting to show she was trying to please her trainer.

All the while, bitch felt like a nasty little child performing 
something NASTY before a grown up! 

Like a trained animal, she was rubbing herself off, here, in 
public, for this smirking black trainer, on command! 

Ashamed, she lowered her gaze. Her eyes found the black woman's 
smelly tangled hairy cunt lips and the trainers hidden slot there 
before her ...

The black pussy had purple lips, and looked soo ... well ... 
disgusting there starring back as she masturbated on command. 
She wanted to throw up from the shear ... 

But then she began to fell her ministrations doing what they did 
at home. 

They were causing that tingling to begin, down there, deep in her 
soft white belly.

(Like all women, though, when confronted with an abhorrent task, 
bitch decided get it over with.. FAST .. She would 'fake it'. A 
real 'O' would take time .. and bitch wanted to please, and get it
over with .. quickly. She reasoned that then, surely the trainer, 
would let her stop this .. NASTY ..)

"Um Um UMMM!" bitch murmured .. as she tried to make the motions, 
and the sounds .. like the normal .. now she tried to make the 
shivering look .. well .. real.

Splatt.. 

Bitchs back exploded again ..

"I ain't none of your little old white boys. You'll can't fool me. 
FOOL! You'd best be doing the dirty and do it for real .. "

Splatt

"You better get that bud to working. We ain't got us all day.. 
Now strum that thing, bitch! And do it right this time. You 
ain't fooling me. Now strum it or I skin you alive.."

Splatt..

Bitches back hurt, her tits shook and they, despite their 
modifications hurt worse with each punishing stroke. Her orgasm, 
the one ordered by her trainer, was fast reseeding farther, 
farther into the future, if it would ever come. 

Splatt..

And that belt, it was .. well cutting her to pieces .. 

Through the burning haze bitch heard.

"You'd best be getting that lily white ass in gear, lest I 
take it in my mind to slice it off." the trainer informed 
the furiously laboring bitch.

Bitches back must have been cut up ... She was sure it was 
cut to pieces. Her legs doubled over and spread were 
cramping. 

She tried to lower her head to support herself on the sofa.

Splattt..

A strong black hand lifted her head by bitchs right ear.

"NOAHHA Baby! You keep that head up. That way we can all 
see little bitch's technique .. and we gonna correct your 
style. Now you get on with it, baby. Come on! Show teacher 
how all them educated snooty cunts likes ya, beats off ... 
and you'd best be doing it! And be quick about it."

"Come on, come on, bitch! Stroke that thing ..." 

Splatt..

"I'll gonna just sit right c'here and 'encourage' ya with this 
here with this little old belt, for a time ... But I gets tired, 
maybe I get's a stick or .. maybe we play a new game. How bout we 
play 'swat the titties' with the belt. You like that??" 

"Understand  me bitch??"

"That usually get's a bitch to a working. Aching titties .. They 
works really hard .. too.. Wanna try?"

Bitchs didn't want to even think of that .. She worked her bud 
frantically .. 

She put her all into the nasty! But she knew that with her right 
hand soo tired .. after a while .. even the swipes form the belt 
to her back were not able to make her speed up.

Her trainer sensing the fatigue of bitches right hand was a 
problem, decided to make a change.

"You lazy bitch! You puny .. Switch hands. After all I likes me 
a 'mbidextrous masturbater!" the trainer demanded and punctuated 
her command with ...

SWAPPP..

Bitchs already stripped back took yet another viscous cutting 
blow form an overhand sweep of the belt. 

Her reaction was to hastened to obey the command. She almost 
fell over in the process.

Her helpful trainer reached out and supported the switch by 
grabbing and firmly holding on to bitchs ever available, 
tit ring.

Thus as her left tit stretched, bitch changed hands. Now her 
tired right hand was thrown out behind her squatting ass.

With this new arrangement bitch was supported. Quickly her 
left hand sought out, found, and began the quick manipulations 
that were turning her clit and denuded labia redder and redder.

"Now that's better. All ways renews the nasty when a bitch 
changing hands ... Now we got's to work on your breathing. I 
want's to hear ya cuming. Breath deeply .. None that shy 
shit .. let me hear that monkey a cuming.. Come on now .."

"Suuummm" bitch obeyed.

"Louder bitch .. Now again... You'll white people got no 
rhythm ... diddle .. breathe ... diddle .. COME ON BITCH! 
Else wise we gonna play 'swat the tittie'! don't ya know. 
I means it!"

Bitch felt like she was a performing animal .. but the 
presence of the belt and the vulnerability of her soft tit 
flesh convinced her .. She would perform .. and perform 
like whatever the trainer wanted.

She was a performing trained bitch.

"UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... " bitch labored 
at her masturbating technique.. 
 
She slowly developed a rhythm .. like the trainer demanded. 
She let her breathing add to her rising passion, and sure 
enough the fluttering in her belly returned. 

It grew and grew ..


"UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... " bitch increased 
her pace under the threat of ...

Her passion build soo quick this time despite her aching neck 
and stripped back that she herself was surprised.

"UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... " bitch went on ..

All the while, bitchs eyes bore deeper, and deeper .. into the 
tangled mass of smelly black hair before her. The purple labia 
and the hole hidden there beckoned her own facial pink lips ...

&lt;OH GOD! What's happening to me? I wan... NO! It can't be ... 
AHH I want to ...&gt; ran through bitchs head as her own sex ran 
with moisture at her actions and the thoughts of.. 

"UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... " bitch labored ..

A few days ago, an eternity now, she would have died at the 
very suggestion of such a ...

Splatt

"Come on bitch! You is the slowest masturbator I done ever seen. 
I gonna give ya bout a minute more and you ain't made it by then, 
we gonna be a 'swat the tittie time' right here." her trainer 
demanded positioning the belt ...

Bitch was frantic.

"UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... "UUUHHHUUU ... 
UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... " bitch labored frenetically in her 
attempt to avoid ..
 
She twisted her little red sex bud .. she increased her bleating 
to imitate one of those animals that had fucked her before .. 
anything .. anything .. to get her over the top ... 

The building orgasm mounted. It was coming.. It was. But that 
horrible strap was right there, and it was poised to strike her 
soft vulnerable tittes.

"UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... " bitch felt it ..

Bitch felt her orgism .. IT WAS ..

SMAKKK

"AHAHAHAHAHAH!!"

The orgasm CAME! 

But it dissolved into the pain of the 'tittie swat!' and then 

the pleasure surged and then the pain and then .... 

Bitch fell forward, face first into the black pussy lips 
before her face. 

Frantically she started to madly tongue bath the soft dead 
purple lips of her tormenter.

This orgasm was like none other in her staid life. It went on and 
on. She had never had a multiple before. Never with PAIN .. Nev ..

It was like this would go on forever. 

It almost tore her head off. 

A strong black hand grabbed her left ear and dragged her shaking 
head from its love nest. 

"Bitch don't ya be messing with me. I don't low no bitch there 
lessing she ask and ask real politely. Then to she have to be 
in love with it. Now you get back to your nasty diddling and 
you'd best be doing it better than that time."

Bitch had surrendered her self to this .. woman. She had .. and 
the trainer didn't care .. Her total surrender and love rebuffed.. 

The steady pressure from the ear tug caused denuded head to rise 
up to the top of her aching neck. 

With the tears of rejection for her lost love nestin her eyes 
and that empty feeling, a sobbing bitch went back to her nasty 
task, masturbating .. for her trainer ..

"Stop that sniveling bitch! You got bout a minute till we play 
'swatt the tittie time' again. You'd best be concentrating on 
your instructions. Don't hear your breathing .. Whore like you 
best be doing .. not sniveling." the trainer ordered peering 
down on her laboring charge like some scientist inspecting a 
bug far beneath her contempt.

The return of her senses brought the sensations of bitch's 
tits to the fore. They now began to burn and ache. But this time
it was that ache that now was causing the tightening in her 
belly to start again. And it was going so quickly. Reinforced 
with her diddling the 'O' to began to build ... QUICKLY!!

Now the diddling and the breathing and the aching tits, they 
all combined and bitch managed her second orgasm in short order ...

Shyly she looked up from her desired crotch into trainer's eyes.

"Well now that's my little nasty bitch .. you stuck up bitches 
can learn .. now show me another .. and make it faster this 
time .. Come on you need a 'tittie swat'? You like that?"

With the trainers encouragement, her laboring pupil resumed 
the 'nasty', vigorously.

Bitch, was prou .. well she did not know weather it was in fear 
or elation that she found the encouragement she needed. She knew 
she didn't really want the swat, but it's presence drove her on 
and on ..

She came, and came, and ... She leaned back .. She was so pro ..

On and on she worked and when she thought she could not cum ever 
again in her life, the old 'tittie swat' brought her over the top 
the final time.

With that, through shear exhaustion, bitch collapsed into a tangled 
sweating heap on the floor at the trainers feet. 

The trainer swatted her back and her feet and... 

Nothing ..

Nothing the trainer did would bring bitchs dehydrated exhausted 
body back to life.

Even a couple of cunt shots with the belt, were wasted. 

Bitch would just moan and then lay there. 

She need something else. 

Her trainer rose, stepped over her exhausted charge, and went 
to the polished wooden box on the table. 

She withdrew the hypodermic needle with the clear liquid in it.

With no preparation to the needle she returned to bitch and 
injected the full contents into bitchs now lined left ass cheek.

The speed coursed through the exhausted womans systems. It did 
it's work fast and soon brought bitch back to a receptive state.

Conscious .. ?? Almost ..

Through the haze bitch looked up at her trainer. Then down through 
the mass of tangled black hair, and her mouth just naturally, 
watered for the moist smelly labia she now loved with all her heart.

Her right hand snaked under her body between her legs, to her bud. 

She managed to rise to her former squatting position.

Her left hand reached back to support herself, and she started to 
again manipulate her stiff raw red bud leaning back. 

Using her left hand she forced her sweating dead weight high up off 
the wet floor. 

Then with a smile, she leaned unsteadily over. Drawn like a beacon 
to the tangle of black pubic hair, her mouth opened and her dry 
tongue stuck out. 

"Please mistress! PLEASE!!" she hoarsely uttered.

She was seeking .. the precious moisture from the trainers cunt, 
her lovers .. cunt hole ..

She had to have. She must ... She felt she would die if she didn't 
get ... to that orifice ..

Her trainer reached down and lifted her chin up to gaze in her eyes.

"Now that's a good bitch .. Now show me what you learned..

"UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... " bitch began showing 
her trainer what she had learned... "UUUHHHUUU ... UUUHHHUUU ... 
UUUHHHUUU ... " 

"Now ain't that a nasty bitch." the trainer observed as she lowered 
bitches face into her crotch.

"Show me you love it ... Do the ass hole first. RIM ME .. UUUU
BABY.. You got the softest tongue .." the satisfied trainer
informed her laboring bitch.

More to come..




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        Helen # 011
                        by Paladin

Jackie was kept busy, swabbing out the working cunts of 
'Long Dongs' stable of girls for most of that time period. 
She did not even have the time to look up when her mother, 
'bitch' passed by.

(Them 'hos knowed a nice soft college educated tongue when 
they feels' one. And them 'hos went in for seconds .. and 
thir.. oh well. You gals all know how it is! I mean after
debating some obscure physiological point, you just know 
that, that's the tongue for your cunt .. Yes sir..)

When the line finally petered out, Jackie was sure, her 
tongue was probably worn down to a little bitty nubbin, 
that is if was not worn completely smooth. 

She was sure she would never, ever .. get the taste of all 
those greasy, dick creamed pussies, out of her mouth. 

And then too no one offered her anything to even try to 
cleanse out her pallet .. 

She lay / crouched there, a prisoner on the frame, till 
two large black men came and released her from the pussy 
cleaning duties frame. One grabbed her neck and the other 
when they became available, used the old tit pull to stead 
her and keep her upright.

Exhausted, and limp, she was held up right, and then 
dragged on rubbery legs down the long hall to a brightly 
lit room with thick blue carpeting.

She was forced to kneel down onto a strange wooden kneeler. 

The kneeler consisted of two eight inch wooden rails raised 
above the floor, with a two foot space in between. Their was
a mirror stairing up in the space between her legs, 
reflecting her open gash to all who cared to look down.

When she looked around, she found herself, upright on this 
kneeler, with aching knees in the center of a brightly lit 
furnished room. 

There, between the two men she could only kneel and wait. 

The light, her gaping slit stairing up at her, and the taste 
from her previous ordeal in her mouth brought about a feeling 
of great embarrassment. If she looked down her cunt stared 
back. In front of her sat an empty blue chair.

She was naked, denuded, fresh from performing something her 
kind of woman would never even discuss, let alone do. So 
there with down cast eyes she knelt. The view of her gaping 
open sex torturously reminding her of the ones previously 
spread like that befor her, and the events of her last few days .. 

Suddenly, somewhere behind her a door opened. 

Unseen by Jackie, a woman in a long flowing blue dress entered. 

The woman walked around Jackie viewing her from all angles, all 
over. saying nothing. 

Once she had viewed all of the former socialite, the woman with 
a look of disdain went to a plush blue chair and seated herself 
comfortably. There she resumed her stair at Jackie.

When Jackie finally raised up enough courage to looked at her, 
she perceived, about 5 feet before her, a stern looking older 
black woman, starring intently at her. The stair was one of a 
carnivore looking Jackie over like she was to be the next meal. 

Jackie in her denuded, naked state felt like a white lab rat 
placed before the clothed black woman, to be .. hopefully just 
.. um .. observed .. and .. not devored ..

Her knees, on the unyielding wood began to ache in just
this short time, and the space between her legs served to
keep her privates gaping, further adding to her humiliation.

A nod of the woman's head and Jackie's hands were released. 
But as she tried to massage some feeling back into them, the 
woman demanded,

"Kneel up straight! Hands at your sides. All you young sluts 
are alike! Think only of your own comfort! Well I won't have 
it in my presence ... ever ..."

A stunned Jackie caught a movement to her left. Suddenly her 
left tit and belly exploded with searing pain.

The old woman had delivered a cross cut with a cat made of 
a pack of 12 fine leather shoe laces. 

The woman still held it in her right hand over her left 
shoulder ... waiting ..

A stunned hurting Jackie instinctively covered her tits, 
with her hands, but could only watch helplessly as .. 

The backward movement of the woman's right hand delivered a 
back handed multi faceted stroke to Jackie's right thigh and 
belly, this time from just the stinging laces' ends only.

"AAAAHAHAH" Jackie cried as she tried to move her hands from 
covering her tits, now to sooth her wounded right side. But 
with only her hands available, the task was hopeless. She 
could only react to the sting of the cat and maybe fall from
the kneeler.

Jackie tried to slink down, somehow, but balanced as she was 
this was impossible. Protect her soft now reddening frontal 
skin by position was impossible. Then too, their was the 
gaping area of her SEX, all to vulnerable with only her hands 
and arms to protect anything.

"Stop that you little slut! How do you expect to learn anything!" 
the woman demanded. And this time the cat was raised way above 
her head, ready for a vicious down ward stroke to Jackie's bent 
forward back.

"Kneel up there! And straighten up that back. Look at me when I 
talk to you!" 

"Ahhh those eyes, I see .. you still have that fight .. wanna 
fight me ... SLUT .. Good!" 

"Those eyes tell me you wanna fight ... Well now let's just cure 
you of that, fight your trainer attitude. We'll just whip it all 
out of you .. once and for all."

"Put your hands down there on the frame before you, palms up! 
Good now scrunch forward and put your knees on your palms... 
DO IT!!" 

"Be quick about it or I'll have the men come back in here and 
stretch you out on the rack. Then I'll get my needles, heat 
them up and decorate your ugly little titties for you. Do you 
understand ME!" 

Jackie hurriedly complied with the order..

"Now rest all your weight forward on your knees. That's good!" 

"Now look at up here at me. Let me see the eyes .."


"Still that fight in there .. We'll fix that .." 

"This position is to remind you not to even think about trying 
to raise your hand to fight me." 

"You remove your hands from there and I get my needles and .."

&lt;Hot Needles!!&gt;

Jackie had hastened to obey and now could only kneel there 
crushing her hands under her weight, shuttering .... She 
wondered what was to come next. 

From her arm length, she found herself all hunched over, with 
her soft frontal skin wide open, defenseless. Her modified 
tits, were dangling down there before her chest. Her labia 
gaping open below between her wide spread knees, and all the 
while the comfortably seated old woman with that cat .. just 
sat there .. flexing .. waiting to strike ..

The old woman stared at her defenseless victim for some time 
before she began to inform Jackie,

"I am here to educate you in the pleasuring of ... animals.." 

"It seems you're performance thus far has been soo ... well 
sub standard that 'Long Dong' and I feels that you'd be 
better suited to, let's say NON HUMANS."

"Do you understand me? You will be either a canine or .. 
maybe .. an equine bitch, depending on how I feel.."

"NOOO Please I um .... AADADGADAS" A horrified Jackie tried 
to plead.

Stripptpt

The cat's arc crossed the hanging pendulous modified mammarys.
 
A collection of multiple red lines of fire were etched in the 
now aching tit flesh.

The urge to rush her hands to burning flesh was awesome, but 
the weight of her body and the memory of the old woman's words 
kept them there .. trapped, crushed under her knees.

&lt;HOT NEEDLES...&gt;

"HUUUMMMUN" Jackie tried to express her pain and maintain her 
precarious balance on the rails.

She could only shake her head at the very thought of ..

&lt;A BITCH TO DOGS! OR HORSES!&gt;

&lt;This was unthinkable... Jackie had to do something to ..&gt;

The old woman was somewhat satisfied with Jackie's current 
bent over, sobbing, state of despair. Lazily she got up, 
streatched and again began to walk around her straining 
captive.

"Yes I think your body type is just made for a nice equine 
whore! You like horsies .. don't you? Just think of crawling 
under a firm furry belly and .. You'll just love it!" the 
woman inquired or a poor speechless Jackie. 

The old woman stopped every so often, on her inspection tour 
of the potential bitch. She stretched out her strong black 
hand and stroked the soft, formally pampered skin of the 
sobbing broken girl.

When she was directly behind the girl the old woman kicked 
right up into Jackie's defenseless cunt, and demanded,

"Get those legs straight, spread that cunt, your lazy whore! 
I want to see those labia wide open whenever I look at you. 
Need lots of clearance there for a horsie cock! We'll see if 
you can be more enthusiastic for animal cocks, than you were 
for human ones!"

Startled by the kick, horrified by her future, Jackie hunched 
over and this earned her a back handed slap to her denuded scalp.

Jackie leaned back, as if to try to bring her hands out from 
under her knees.

Swipp .. Swipp .. Swipp ..

The cat's 12 leather laces quickly cut into the defenseless 
belly and tit skin of the younger woman three times.

"Don't even think about that Little Pussy!"

"You just keep your little paws down there and learn. Fight 
me and we'll have a session with my needles." the old woman 
explained holding the ear ring holding grip to keep Jackie's 
head back out of the way of the leather laces.

"Apprentice whores, like you, that don't show the proper 
attitude for humans .. well .. we make an attempt to make um 
animal fuckers, as a last resort. After that, if the whore is 
still incorrigible, well then we just cut our loss and .. and 
.. we sell off the useable parts. Surprising what a heart goes 
for these days."

"Please .. PLEASE! No! I'll get you money .. I .." Jackie began 
to plead.

"Not interested! Once you're here, your here for whoring, we 
don't usually fail. But with your attitude .. I could send you 
back to the start .. maybe.. go back ..and .. Naa you did soo 
poorly the first time, you'd be ..."

"Well just get you started on ... oh .. dog dicks? I got some 
fine examples, right here on the table for you to practice up 
on too kinda of get the hang of it ..."

"Lookie here!" the woman said holding up a disgusting red long 
greasy think with a huge bump on it's end.

"See here when the dog cums, he knots up inside ya. Then you 
two are joined together for a time, usually no more than an 
hour or two. Fucker cums all the time!!" 

"A nice collie can give ya much as a cup full. Now a St 
Bernard, well, let's just say he'd give ya more, much more 
than that.."

"Now your average poney .." the woman's dissertation was 
interrupted by Jackie's tearful pleadings ..

"Please, OH God noo Please I .. I don't want to .. I can't .. 
I.." she went on and on but she was redundant.

The old woman raised the terrible cat to strike Jackie 
somewhere vulnerable .. but then all Jackies flesh was 
defenseless, available and vulnerable.

"You should have thought of that before. You were the one 
who showed such disdain at every nice dick we presented to 
you. And your total lack of interest in the many fine 
pussies we let you lick .. Now you tell me you won't .."

"NO! NO! Please give me another chance! I promise I'll do 
anything. I'll .. " Jackie pleaded with all her heart.

Never in all her pampered life had she desired to please 
someone soo much like this old woman.

"Well I don't know. You didn't like it when we presented 
human's sexs for your servicing and now .. You tell me it 
was all just a big mistake?" the old woman inquired of 
the shaking Jackie.

"Yea! Yes! It was all a mistake. I'll give you mon..." 
Jackie began babbling about her new attitude.

"Now Little pussy don't start that stuff with me. We both 
know that we aren't interested in your supposed money."

"HERE YOU ARE JUST A 'HO! The sooner you accept that and 
begin to put your skinny white ass to the tasks given ya, 
the better. You'd best forget any former life. You'd best 
just 'ho and like it! The rest is over .."

"inthausim ... That is the only thing here. And that's the 
only thing that will be tolerated. Today you are at a 
cross roads."

"I'm gonna recommend you go to the kennels or maybe the 
stable. There you'll stay for as long as it takes to make 
you a good, well performing dog or horsie bitch."

"I could recommend you go to bathroom / shower duties and 
see if you can work your way back up to 'human 'ho' status, 
but I don't know. With your recalcitrant attitude .. Aw I 
think I'd be wasting my and future trainers time."
The old woman informed a stunned poor Jackie.

"Please I'll do it. I can change. I'll .. Just give me a 
chance(! I'll do anything you want. Be anything you want, 
just let me stay with people .. " Jackie begged, and deep 
down, in her heart .. even though she didn't know what the 
bathroom / shower duties were, she meant every word of her 
pleas.

Anything, she felt, would be better than being an animal bitch.

"Well I don't know! Your attitude thus far has been ... let 
just say .. unacceptable .. I'd have to test you to see if 
you really mean what you said. This time!"

Kneeling here, naked, defenseless, Jackie was pleading for 
her life and sanity. That her back and knees were killing 
her did not matter ..

Her hands were crushed under knees burned, but that didn't 
matter either. 

Her striped skin cried out for soothing, but she knew she had 
to somehow convince this old woman with the steely eyes that 
she would do whatever was required. NOW!

"I don't know! I'd have to test your resolve. Do you agree, 
you've been holding back on your 'horing in the past?" the 
woman inquired.

"Yes Yes I've been slacking. But I can change. I can be a ... 
good .. um ..'ho for you. I promise." Jackie pleaded through 
her tear choked eyes.

"Well ... I'll test you ... now and see if you've changed 
you're attitude and deserve a second chance." the woman 
informed Jackie as she resumed her chair and snaked the cat 
in-between Jackies open crotch.

"Anything, anything, Test me.. I'll do anything!" Jackie pleaded 
with all her heart.

"From now on to show your change, we'll have ya answer to a new
name .. of oh I don't know ... Let's say, 'Nasty Cunt'. Yes I 
think that will do you nicely. OK? Do you agree??" 

Jackie at this stage would have agreed to anything.

"Yes! Yes! Anything .." she said.

"Now let's see if you mean it!" 

"What is your name?" the old woman inquired of a devastated 
nude kneeling before her. 

"Um well" Jackie began, "um .. 'Nasty Cunt!"

"Well you don't sound too happy. I mean you are again showing 
a lack luster attitude. Maybe a couple of months in a doggie 
run with a 'friendly', trained, St Bernard would change your 
attitude." the frowning woman informed the former society woman.

Convinced that this was it, Jackie began to try to convince 
the woman, really convince her,

"Please I'm 'NASTY CUNT' really I'll be anything you want." 
Jackie informed the woman.

"More feeling would help me decide. Shout your name! Inform 
me and everyone what you are! Show your willingness to do 
anything to stay out of the kennels." the woman demanded.

"I'm .. NASTY CUNT' I'll do anything too .. "

"Feeling 'NASTY CUNT', more feeling. Show me and everyone you 
really are 'NASTY CUNT' . Tell me what 'NASTY CUNT' does. Tell 
me of the future plans for 'NASTY CUNT'. Come on convince me!" 
the woman demanded of the wavering nude prostrated before her.

"I'm NASTY CUNT! I fuck and suck and I.." the nude began.

"Louder dear. Remember I want you to convince me that you 
really are 'NASTY CUNT'.. " the woman demanded.

'Nasty Cunt' commenced to shouting out her new name. It was 
demeaning to do such a thing but .. the alternative was .. 
well .. unthinkable.

After a while the old woman held up her hand and 'NASTY CUNT' 
stopped her proclamation of her new identity.

"Now you almost have me convinced, but if you are who you say 
you are, and you attitude is as you say .. Then you must agree 
that, that old cunt there in the mirror, was holding back .. 
Wasn't it?" inquired the old woman.

'Nasty Cunt' readily agreed to this .. anything to please 
this woman. 'NASTY CUNT' had come far but ..

"Well then that attitude must be punished... mustn't it?"

"Yes mam!" * answered 'NASTY CUNT' in a horse voice from 
all her shouting.

"Good I'm glad you agree. Now look down between your knees." 
the woman ordered.

'NASTY CUNT' looked down and saw a mirrored image or her own 
denuded sex nestled between her spread legs.

"This is the thing that is the reason you have had a problem 
'NASTY CUNT'. So we're going to have to punish it .. Aren't 
we?" the woman reasoned.

'NASTY CUNT' looked up embarrassed and shook her head in 
agreement.

SRWiiiiiippp

'NASTY CUNTs' tits again flared up in pain from the kiss of 
the cat 12 tails.

"Never! Never! Shake at me. Look me in the eye when I talk 
to you and answer me 'NASTY CUNT'" came the demand.

"Yes Mam." 'NASTY CUNT' answered quickly.

"Well since it was that thing that that failed us .. let's 
just whip it ... together. Look down there, it's defying us! 
Show me you've changed.. 'NASTY CUNT' .. beg me to correct 
this horrible thing. Come on now 'NASTY CUNT' be quick about 
it. Convince me! It was at fault and 'NASTY CUNT' had nothing 
to do with it. Together we will changed it to a good cunt."

"A good servicing cunt, I'll do all the work. You just call 
out for the punishment. Come on, we'll do it together, till 
we think it is properly punished." 

'NASTY CUNT' looked down and through her pain and reasoned, 

&lt;Yes! This was all this nasty things fault. If it had ...&gt;

"I'm waiting 'NASTY CUNT'. We need to punish it don't we? 
Help me .. Help me to punish it." the woman demanded of the 
confused nude.

"Yes Mam. .. um .. Punish it! It des..." 'NASTY CUNT' began.

SWIPPP Splattt

"AHHH OH GOD .." 'NASTY CUNT' shouted as the cat slashed up, 
punishing the bad cunt there in the mirror.

'NASTY CUNT' felt like the cat had cut her in two. 'NASTY CUNT' 
struggled to maintain her balance.

"Come on 'NASTY CUNT' it deserves more.. much more. Help me 
believe it will be good in the future.." the woman demanded.

'NASTY CUNT' through the red haze of her pain, looked down 
and shouted..

"Punish it ... "

Swapppp

"AHAHAHAA "'NASTY CUNT' screamed and then 'PUNISH IT!"

Again and again the cat scourged the bad cunt till 
'NASTY CUNT' passed out from the pain.

Satisfied the old woman left 'NASTY CUNT' there on the 
floor. At the door she told one of the men to take the 
unconscious 'NASTY CUNT' to the bathroom / showers.

Jackie ..er .. 'NASTY CUNT' had her reprieve .. for now ..

More to come ...




 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        Helen # 012
                        by Paladin

Debora Trank, the lawyer Jackie retained to obtain the release
of her mother from police custody, finds herself in again 
circumstances of very great pain.

(New capabilities are never acquired easily? Are they?)

During her previously training periods she had, had her ass 
hole 'trained' open. This for truly easy access. 

This had been accomplished by the introduction of various 
large and larger objects and dicks inserted into her most 
private orifice. 

This new capability was now hers. Although painful acquired,
Debora's ass now could take on even the largest of the customers, 
with none of that unpleasant squeezing, for the customers.

(Ahhh training! And that is where we again find Debora now, 
acquiring a new .. Shall we say talent?? For her customers.)

During this instructional period, she was learning, the truly 
opening experiencing a vigorous 'fisting a cunt' produces. 

(Of course the cunt being fisted .. open .. was her own!)

A black female trainer was leaning over Debora's stretched out, 
restrained body, smiling in the trainees gagged straining face. 

The trainer's strong black fist, covered with an industrial 
strength yellow rubber dish washing glove was tortuously working 
the lawyers' formally dainty fuck pipe  open wider and wider 
ahead of the fists borings. 

The yellow rubber dish washing glove's serration's irritated the 
hell out of the vaginal lining, despite their desperate attempts 
at lubrication of the fist's path. 

The fist journeyed all the way up inside her, contacted and then 
manually deformed Debora's soft red cervix. 

Then it reversed direction and journeyed all the way down to 
just inside her stretched open gasping denuded vaginal lips.

The journey then was reversed, again, just inside the vagina 
opening, as it drove back up to the end again.

To Debora, it was like being punched, in slow motion, in the 
belly .. from inside ... with abrading all along the way ..

Debora tried to pass out .. oh god how she tried to pass out .. 

Anything to escape from this dilation of her precious hole. But 
the previous administration of a stimulant guaranteed that this 
training period would last for a long .. long time.

Attempting to screaming into the soft rubber ball gag did not 
produce the high pitched piercing, auditory sensation she needed, 
to maybe intimidate her trainer or the other amused spectators 
standing around observing her ... opening .. 

The scream only rattled around inside poor Debra own mind, 
further torturing her wide awake consciousness. 

To the outside world, only a gurgling noise resulted, with an 
increase in the slobbering from around her ball gag. 

This produced a snickering in the viewing audience .. and a sigh 
of satisfaction of the trainer.

Desperate to stop the 'fisting' she tried to close up with her cunt 
muscles on the irritating rubber gloved fist that was fucking her. 

This only resulted in a greater burning sensation to her already 
abused inner membranes. 

Unabated by the attempted resistance, the fisting went on and 
on. The pace of the fists travel did not slow down at all.

The results of her attempted rebellion only made her precious aching 
sex pipe all the more irritated. 

This served to reinforced the verbal training she had been taught as
a mantra. 

"Help the trainer ... Or at least accept the training passively.. 
It will be easier and in the end, it will happen no matter what 
you do." had been repeated into her ear through her previous 
training sessions till she knew it like a childhood song.

So she relented! Following the training, she just lay there 
passively, and endured the fists' jerky movements inside her. 

She starred up at the ceiling and waited for all of this fisting 
to come to an end.

Suddenly, with the passiveness came a .. CUM! .. She did not want 
.. or expect it .. but it came .. And then to her abject horror, 
her body was building to another cum ... It came despite her 
attempts at resistance, followed by .. another and  .. another 
and .. .. .. 

&lt;OH GOD!! I'm becoming a pain slut. I'm getting off on this!!&gt; 
Debora's mind reeled in horror. 

Despite this horrible realization, her body began to respond like 
a cum machine! 

She hated it! But her body could not be stopped ..
 
After what must have been an infinite number of strokes and many, 
many more cums, the stimulate finally wore off. Poor Debora's 
conscious mind finally fled from her laboring physical being. 

The cuming was a sign, a good sign to the trainer. The highly
educated woman was responding to the new training like a common
pain slut! 

Wiping the sweat from her black brow, she signaled for the ammonia 
rag to be applied to Debora's nose and mouth. This reanimated the 
now lifeless, fucked out, former lawyer.

The acrid fumes did their work. 

Attempting to cough and gagging from the piercing aroma, Debora 
consciousness jumped back into this world. She did not want to, but the 
rag's fumes left her no choice.

When she had shuttered to full consciousness her trainer again began 
to punch Debora's innards to the heights of more pain / pleasure. Again 
the unwanted induced cums began.

This went on and on till, the ammonia rag would not produce an 
awakening in the cum machine that had once been a lawyer.

The trainer looked at the clock. As she withdrew the red tinged 
gloved fist from the now stretched out, relaxed fuck hole. She 
took out the chart on this trainee and noted the time. 

Debora sweat soaked body had managed to endure her fist fucking for 
a very respectable time. Now to save the results!

With a smile at the opening, the trainer noted on her chart that 
the results were within acceptable limits. The former lawyer was 
coming along nicely.

Now while the vagina was essentially wide open and waiting, the 
trainer slipped a rigid pipe like sleeve around her hand and 
twisted it's resilient length into the unconscious woman's gaping  
open sex hole. (Elsewise it might just close up and spoil this 
sessions results.)

A few more sessions, like this, with ever increasing 'fistings' 
followed by larger and larger sleeves, and this cunt would be ready! 

Ready .. for .. her jaded customers ?? Or something else?

During the next period Debora again found herself on her back, legs 
stretched out wide roped to a frame. This time a new larger 
fist.. actually the same fist rapped around a small solid rubber 
ball .. again encased in a new yellow rubber dishwashing glove .. 
was being introduced to her now stretched sex pipe. The sleeve had 
been removed. Now the new larger fist, would added an increase
diameter, and a whole new world of hurt for the stretched fuck 
pipe ... stretching it out again ... further ..

This session too went on and on. This time Debora's tits were 
stimulated, helping to induce the cums early in the session .. 
Again when she passed out, she was again awaken with the acrid 
smelling ammonia rag. 

She was, after an appropriate time, left there stretching out, 
and allowed to have another troubled short rest, with the 
insertion of a larger sleeve inside her.
 
After three further sessions, with larger and larger fists and 
sleeves, Debora found herself dragged, bowl legged into the 
thickly carpeted, blue room. There she was made to kneel on the 
same frame that 'Nasty Cunt' had previously found herself on.

Debora's stretched vagina, now stayed open with a large sleeve 
holding it to it's last largest size. 

With her down cast eyes, Debora was horrified to see, there, 
between her open spread knees, in between the stretched out labia, 
that her precious cunt ..  her precious sex ... her center .. her 
reason for being was now a hideous gaping .. open .. hole .. 
there waiting ... for something..

Remaining open that way, it appeared to be hungry .. as if waiting 
.. for something .. or someone .. 

The sight Debora perceived was horrifying! As her mind pondered her 
situation, the door behind her opened. The same little old black 
woman, again dressed in blue, entered the room. 

The captive nude on the frame could only wriggle there and try to 
look around, but the two men standing beside her did not allow this.

The old woman circled Debora and began to smile.

This time the woman paused behind the denuded woman and looked 
down at the mirror reflecting the crotch area right away. Her 
smile increased. It said she liked what she saw in the mirror.

Sliding her black hand to the sweating nudes back and looking down 
from over Debora's shoulder, both women, perceived the gaping hole 
in the nudes center. It was so .. so ..open. So wide open! It was 
there in preparation for something huge to come in .. or .. out?

In the all seeing eye of the floor mirror, the stretched out cunt 
offered itself as a highway to the inner self of the breaking lawyer.

The old woman muttered something to herself, and began to finger 
Debora's right, unringed nipple. The nipple stiffened immediately.

"Nice! .. Looks almost ready for 'Thunder'." the woman muttered.

&lt;OH GOD! What can this 'THUNDER' be??&gt; Debora wondered as she 
tried to follow the woman around her and quell the building orgasm 
that she knew was radiating from the stiffening nipple.

Satisfied, the old woman walked around the frame and finally went 
to her comfortable tall blue chair, in the center of the room. She sat down.
And picked up her cat from the right side pocket of the chair. 

Using it in a series of flashing swipes, over Debora's head the old 
woman drew the exhausted horrified nudes attention from  her stiff 
nipple and between her legs to the woman in the chair.

Swipppp

Swipppp

After she was satisfied she had the nudes attention, the old woman 
nodded her head to the men hovering behind Debora. 

Debora's arms were freaded for the first time in days. Her gag 
was removed.

Unfeeling, the arms hung useless at her sides .. when .. the 
familiar command, came ..

"Place your hands down on the rail in front of you ... PALMS UP!" 

"NOW!!"

Debora meekly complied. 

"Good!"

"Now scrunch forward and put your knees in each palm. .."

Debora, fearing the cat, reluctantly slid her knees forward. 

"Good!"

"Now stay that way while we talk! Don't you dare raise your 
hands."

"Or else! And look at me when I talk to you."

Debora, like Jackie before her, now found herself hunched over 
on the unyielding wooden rails. 

Her back was bent, painfully, and her hands trapped below her by 
her own body weight. Her tits now misshapen, dangled down there 
in front of her chest, just inviting the cats scourge.. at the 
least sign of  resistance.

With her bend over posture, her eyes naturally were drawn back 
down to the sight of her denuded gaping sex lips and her now 
wide open .. vagina.

It appeared that she had either given birth to, or swallowed 
an inflated basketball, with her sex hole!.

"As you can see your grommet muscles are .. um .. 'relaxed' 
for a time." the old woman began.

"We will keep it exercised thus till it suits our purpose not 
to. Then well ... That is for another time."

"Please don't do any more to it. I'll be ruined. I'll be a freak 
if you continue ... I .." Debora started to plead hysterically.

Swappp

Swappp

The cat to her bent over shoulders easily silenced the tearful, 
near hysterically nude.

"Shut up or I'll have you turned up side down, and I'll fill it 
with .. oh .. say .. hot pepper sauce, or maybe I'll make it a 
nice big lamp." 

"Say I have it filled with .. um .. turpentine, stick in a wick  
and light it up." 

"A day like that and you'd be begging to have us go on with the 
increases to still larger capacity of that stinking orifice."

"After all think! It makes for easier access into it!"

"An asset for a whore! And then too flushing it out for your will 
be a breeze." 

"In your new duties, IT WILL BE ESSENTIAL THAT IT IS AT LEAST 
THIS LARGE .. AND MAYBE LARGER ..IN THE FUTURE."  the old 
woman informed the sobbing former lawyer.

"Now let's see if the sensations are still there. MASTURBATE on 
this horse hide brush like the slut we know you are .. and be 
quick about it. I don't have all day."

A wedge shaped fixture with a horse hide covered brush was shoved 
under, up, and into, Debora slit. 

Fearing the cat, she immediately began to rub her clit area on 
the rough surface of the device. 

It was ruff and hurt like hell, but Debora knew she had no choice.

She knew better than to remove her hands from under her knees. 

The posture set her tits to jiggling .. in an obscene way from 
their now aspheric shape.

"FASTER ... FASTER .. CAN'T YOU DO ANYTHING RIGHT?" came 
the old woman's demands.

SWIpppp

Debora rubbed and rubbed, but her gaping hole did not flow as 
much as the old woman wanted, even though Debora's clit was 
being rubbed .. raw.
 
Swapp 

The cat caught the swaying left tit and a horrified Debora .. 
CAME!!

&lt;NO! NO! I CAN'T ... I'M NOT .. I ... OOOOOOO!&gt; Debora's mind 
confirmed that she was .. uh .. had become a PAIN SLUT!

"Soo that is the key you ..  you big perverted bitch! You like the 
cat?" the old woman cackled.

Swapp

"OOOOO!" Debora cried as her right tit now flared from the 
cat's kiss but again Debora .. CAME!!

"We can work with that ... No problem!" 

Debora heard the old woman say as she passed out from the pain 
and orgasms and ... well whatever ..

******

The next training period found Debora again stretched out, on her
back, but this time a black female approached her gaping sex with a
20 inch long 3 inch around black dildow like device.

It's cumbersome weight and length were supported by a web of black 
nylon straps joining it to the trainers belly.

Never the less it bobbed and weevil along like an anaconda snake 
growing from the trainers belly.

It was huge and black and appeared to be made of some kind of skin.

The new trainer affectionately rubbed a lot of smooth cream into the 
leathery surface in Deboras sight.

The gag kept the former lawyer mute as the trainer circled around and
landed the heavy thing adjaisened to the Debora's gaping hole.

"Take off the gag! She will need to scream this thing out for her sanity"
the trainer instructed...

Immediately Debora began to plead but the cruel long thing had found 
her enlarged, weakened vaginal grommet. 

As she screamed and pleaded the trainer pushed slowly forward till almost
none of the thing remained outside the gaping sex pipe.

Even though she was prepared Debora felt real pain as the 'thing' bottomed 
out, when it punched her cervix. 

The trainer reared back and the huge heavy thing began it's slow journey 
back down the fuck pipe. 

Debora tried the old passing out trick but again the ammonia rag awakened 
her. 

Because of the lack of a gag, Debora screamed till she was horse. And  then 
she went on coughing and wheezing .. 

The crowd of onlookers seemed to truly enjoy the terrified look on Deboras 
face as the black leather device sawed in and out or her sex.

(I mean it wasn't every day old Long Dong had a whore prepared for the ...
NAA If you ain't guessed it yet read on...)

More to come ...




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        Helen # 013
                        by Paladin

Mark had never spent a more miserable time in his young life.

He was where Helen left him. He stayed mostly in the bar's mens 
room. You could find him mostly, chained up over the forth urinal. 

When Helen first left, he had tried to protest but the crushing 
of his balls between a combat boot and his pubic bone, easily 
convinced him to be a good boy and go with the majority rule. 

(Yes 'piss head' found the path of least resistance!)

Now, after many days .. (or was it years??) he would docilely 
opened his mouth wide when a bar patron arrived in front of him. 
The vile smelling liquid that was spewed into his oral orifice 
he would meekly accept. 

This was the routine every time a customer visited the pisser. 

His normally perfect dentures now had one gaping hole..

(One time, when he had closed his teeth too fast, and 
accidentally touched one of his teeth on the mans dick. The man 
would not accept his most abject apology!) 

The man returned with a pair of rusty pliers and a few friends to 
help / watch.

They wrenched Marks mouth wide open. Wedged it that way, and 
proceeded to slowly extract a front tooth.

Needless to say Mark NEVER AGAIN closed his teeth when a dick, 
any dick, was anywhere near in the vaccinate. 

His open mouth was viewed as egarness when it really wasn't.

Whenever Mark's own dick needed to drain , he had to beg a 
passing pisser to take the end of the catheter tube, from it's 
place hooked over his gums, and place it, over in urinal #3 then 
open the clamp to let his own enriched urine drain away.

The next pisser usually replaced the tube back in his mouth and 
clamped it. That way the floor did not get too dirty during the 
hours that Mark 'worked' as the official piss drinker.

(This was the normal work day that Mark endured. Working hours 
were from 8AM till 12PM.)

The bar did not lack allow it's star attraction to neglect his
night life!

Mark had had a total lack of employment, in the past but his 
social calendar was usually full.

The management of the bar looked out for it's people.

Almost every night the boys stayed after closing and placed 
Mark face down on a table. They spread his legs and proceeded 
to try to pleasure the jaded young man, at both ends.

Mark did not seem to take to this.

So for variety, from then on he was placed face up for each 
other night. Then he could appreciate his fucker sometimes 
face to face. 

Mark did not like this either. (No pleasing some people.)

Mark became a great attraction in town. Men came from miles
around to see and experience the thrill of using the bars' 
Urinal #4.

Why a group of dykes even came in and demanded service.

(The chains had to be lengthened to accommodate them, but
business was business.)

Aware of his growing revenue from this, Morice, the owner,
hired Quincy, the tattoo artist to dedicate the attraction.

Mark observed the large man arrive in front of him and 
wearily opened his mouth.

Quincy smiled and placed his tool box right there.

He availed himself of the facilities, and then went about
setting up his tools. 

Morice, awair of the time that Quincy took setting up 
stayed outside and placed a sign on the men's room door, 

"TEMPERARILY OUT OF ORDER"
"USE THE LADIES FOR NOW"

Quency didn't say a word to Mark till he had all his shit 
laid out. 

With two large "C" clamps in hand he demanded,

"SMILE AND LET ME SEE WHAT I HAS TO WORK WITH!"

Mark panicked and tried to plead out but Quency managed 
to place one "C" clamp in each side of Mark's lower lip.

Understandably, from the weight of the clamps this caused 
the front lower lips to droop exposing a canvas of nice 
moist pink skin.

Quency gauged the area available and the left the room 
to consult Morice.

"I can do it if you don't mind half inch skinny letters."
Quency informed Morice.

"That's all?? Half an inch, I mean that isn't hardly 
nothing." Morice retorted.

"Look it ain't a large canvas. You want more I gotta 
stretch the suckers and inject collagen and stretch 
and.." Quincy answered.

"NAAA your trying to make a big work of art here. I just 
want a dedication of the pisser.." Morice answered, "Do 
it the best ya can, but make um deep black in color. His
owner 'll like that.."

"Ok, now I need a few holders. This boy 'll freak out 
when I start and I don't want to ruin the canvas." 

Quency demanded of the bar flys available.

The curious all volunteered and followed the tattoo artist 
into the room.

Mark looked up warily. The clamps hurt with any sudden 
movement but he tried to keep the group in his sight as 
they gathered around his 'work place'.

"You force the forehead back.' 

"You two each take an ear! And try not to tear it off but 
keep him still."

Quency ordered his volunteers.

Mark did not know what was coming but he reasoned that it 
would not be a pleasant thing so he tried to shake his 
holders off.

But Quincy was experienced with reluctant twitching clients. 
So despite Marks attempts at movement, Quincy got the 
desired calligraphy on the turned down, reluctant, lower lip 
done, and in a timely fashion.

But by that time, all the participants were sweating and tired, 
so a free beer brake was called by Morice for the artist and 
his helpers. Mark now worked on for piss is aseptic.

The last line of the inscription, which Mark would wear for the 
rest of his life was clearly legible in bright black letters, 
on the soft moist lower lip meat. If Mark was induced to open 
up and display it read ...

"SELF FLUSHING"

In about half an hour, a refreshed artist and helpers again 
advanced on a weary sweating urinal #4, (Mark).

This time the "C" clamps were shifted to Marks upper lip. It 
was curled back, secured, and again the tattoo gun whirred. 

Marks attempt to resist were much enfeebled this time and so 
the task went much quicker. 

In about an hour, this time, the artist proclaimed it done.

Morice, the bar owner and Sam, the bartended came back to 
view the finished script.

Quency proudly showed off the now finished inner upper lip. 

It proclaimed ...

"URINAL #4"

This pleased Morice very much. 

Now whenever a patron came in to use the facilities they would 
be treated to the tattooed placard on Marks inner lips, as a 
piercing was then done and it was an easy matter to wedge a 
stick in the rings holding Marks lips open for all to see.

Business in the establishment increased, for no other bar had 
so famous a urinal, and it was self flushing too.

As in the past men brought their dates, both male and female 
to view and use poor Mark.

He may have been a wastrel before, but here and now he served 
a useful, if smelly function.

The compliments on the artwork, and the clamor for more was 
met by Morice in a typical owner fashion.

A pair of mugs were placed on the bar.

Into the first mug donations for new art work to 'spice' up 
their favorite urinal went. 

Into the second bits of paper were kept describing the type 
of 'art' to be inscribed on Urinal #4.

Quincy was summoned the next day. 

It seems their were an overwhelming number of request for a 
stylized 'Dog fucking Man' tattoo on Mark's dick was desired.

(The result of a female patron who had seen one in a past lover.)

Mark was not really consulted. He even cried at the very sight of 
Quincy unloading his tools for another session.

This time Quency had to pierce the organ being worked on to hold 
it stretched out for the new creative work.

The opinion was that the pierced foreskin added something to the 
overall effect and so a pound weight was affixed to the hole. 

The weight kept Mark's appendage in a permanent stretched down 
cast direction. (The art was better displayed this way!)

(Also before Mark had been known to rise to the occasion, when 
he had been called upon to servicing the needs of some of the 
ladies. Now that would not happen .. ever ..)

Marks decorations and piercings grew and grew. 

Seems like the bar patrons considered him their art project 
in progress.

Mark now had tattoo on both pecks, ass cheeks, forehead, and 
well you can imagine .. all over.

Tiring of the colored inks the patrons decided that piercing 
should be added, so Mark began to be festooned with rings, 
posts, etc..

Suddenly all the festivities came to an end!

Helen sauntered into the bar. After a fit of laughter she
wanted to reclaimed the boy for her new downstairs maid.

Mark cried at the sight or the tall powerful black woman 
who, he now realized, could save him.

When Mark was detached from the under laying urinal, he 
gladly crawled to the black womans feet.

As he could not stand, he crawled out to the bar door, 
with the weight still swinging on his dick foreskin.
but the patrons rebelled. 

They had to have their Urinal!

Helen debated calling for a paddy wagon to get the boy 
home, but when a collection was taken up, she decided 
to accept a rental agreement for the boy.

It was month to month so that if the patrons got tired 
Morice could call her and Helen would remove the fixture.

So with tears in his eyes Mark was lead back to his 
position in the mens room.

More later...




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        Helen # 014
                        by Paladin

Claudia, or as she was now called 'BITCH', due to her training,
was introduced into a niche market, as one of Dongs, lesbian 
submissive.

With her total body painted white, two pair of open crotch white 
panty hose (one pair over her head and the other in the normal 
place) and a stocking covering her white painted head, Bitch had 
proved to be a welcome diversion into the life of the bizarrely 
spoiled Bunny Harris.

This diversion, though, had rapidly become a full obsession!

Bitch's trainer now took the precaution of injection a muscle 
relaxant in Bitch's vocal cords before each 'party' so their 
was no possibility that Bitch would cry out and be recognized 
or speak at an in opportune moment leading Bunny to surmise 
that she was one of her girl friend's MOTHER!

Bunny began to visited, Long Dong's establishment more often 
that most of his male clientele. (She was hooked.)

Bunny loved to feel the panty hose accented womans' body, over 
her own naked knees. The shuttering and crying of the white 
Bitch were .. exquisite in the progressing young sadist mind as
she whipped the submissive to greater and greater pain / 
pleasure. 

Like a drug addiction, Bunny's burning built, and built, till 
she just had to have her 'toy' with her once very day.

Then Bunny found out, that like other convenience businesses, 
'Long Dong's  delivered!' Bunny went totally bonkers.

Her fabulous riches, enabled her to pay the outrageous prices. 
So Long Dong's men delivered the play thing directly to her 
home and stayed around to provided security. 

At the end of the session, they return the used submissive toy 
to 'Long Dongs' for the night and renewal.

Bunny was free, on her own home ground to set up scenarios to 
fit her little hearts content.

She started off slowly .. like ..

Wanna whip Bitch hung from a the old oak tree? .. OK!

Wanna play fetch with Bitch down on all fours fetching? .. OK!

Wanna play hide and seek?? .. OK!

All the old childhood games Bunny had played with her friends 
as a child, only now a naked full grow woman, Bitch, was her 
play thing. 

And her now, at the end of each game came a nice long multiple 
orgasmic session with Bitches soft smooth tongue!

After play time, a tired Bitch would be hosed down in the yard, 
and lead away to the waiting van. There Bitch was chained in a 
dog cage for the ride home. A naked wet Bitch could only sit in 
the cage and shutter in dread of the next days scene. For Bunny 
always had planned another scene for the upcoming day.

Upon arrival at the 'academy' Bitch was taken into her small 
cage in the basement of Dong's place for the night.

Some time after noon, usually, Bitch was taken out, fitted with 
a leather mask covering her face, and then off to the wash room.

There her body was hand scrubbed, douched, and powered, by a 
female on wash room duty. 

(Bitch's own body was off limits to her own hands. Only 
someone else was permitted access! And NO STIMULATION!)

(Usually, this washing was done by her own daughter although 
neither one could recognize the other, during these preparations.)

To Nasty Cunt, this was just another female 'hos body she had to 
handle and process. Somewhat older and white, but just a whore..

Every morning the bathroom drudges had to clean off and prepare 
Long Dongs string of 'hos as they returned from the servicing 
of the customers. So another one was not different..

After bathing the ho a strong depilatory was hand applied to 
the cranial and crotch area. Then the bodies were douched and 
usually secured to a rigid platform for their rest period. 

Then doubled over to allow for easy inspection of the 'works'.

After drying thoroughly, Bitch was emerged in the white 
thick coating for 10 minutes, to insure a coat of all over 
thickness on her body. 

Next she was stood up, and maid to hold the vertical orientation, 
till her thick milky white coating was dried to a smooth luster.

A stocking was substituted for the hood, by a trainer, and 
the denuded head was submerged again. ONLY by a trainer with 
a stop watch as the immersion required many short dips to get 
the right consistency while allowing Bitch to keep breathing,
between immersions!.

Then Bitch was then shod with iridescent RED 9" heals and again 
inspected for flaws in her overall coating.

If she was found wanting, she and the drudge were punished. 
Usually a harsh tit whipping was required.

(Remarkable what a few cane to tit swats will provide in 
the quality control in this type of hand work.)

Then Bitch would be again lead to the van, and transported, 
again in her dog cage, to Bunnys for a new days activities.

At first Bunny and Bitch were all ways accompanied by the 
trainer, after all Bunny had been a mer novice in the use 
of a lesbian submissive. But then, after many visits, and 
much instruction, Bunny took over complete control of 'her' 
toy. The trainer was always available, on call, for any 
problems which might arise.

Every time bitch arrived with the trainer, Bunny had received 
instruction in new techniques, to put Bitch through her paces.

Bunny was a fast learner.

In no time she had working out the complete 'scene' by all 
by herself.

Bunny decided to expand her and Bitches horizons! 

I mean, games were fun but um, how about something NEW!

It was then Bunny thought, 'Why not hold a 'tea party', with 
all the trimmings, and a guests of .... well ... friends of 
hers from the social register, no rif raf.

So it was that when Bitch arrived this time, she found herself 
chained up out in the green house awaiting the scene set up by 
Bunny for this day.

Bitch heard cars arriving and the sounds of women tittering close 
by her glass prison.

When all the guests had arrived, Bunny signaled for attention 
and announced,

"Everyone! I want to show you a new plaything I have been 
training for just this type of gathering." 

"I'm sure you will all be amused by IT'S presence, talents
and performances."

Bunny rushed through the sliding glass door and in seconds 
returned with ... 

BITCH on a short leash!

A deathly silence fell over the room!

Bitch, who thought she had been through it all was mortified. 

There before her eyes were a dozen or more young women. 
Some of them, she recognized as her daughters friends, and they 
were all looking at her nude bizarrely made up, leashed, body.

The young womens expression ran through all the range from shock 
to extreme amusement, to outright lust! But no one spoke for a 
long moment!

The silence was finally broken by a maids arrival with a squeaky 
wheeled tea cart.

Screeck . . . . . Screeck . . . . 

Bunny seeing that her 'toy' had them all captivated, announced, 
to get things moving along,

"Tea anyone??"

The silence was soo thick you could cut it with a knife!

(I mean imagine yourself there, in that room! Bunny leads Bitch 
in, unannounced, no preparation, into a room of young finely 
dressed upper class women.)

Only moments before you were comfortably seated or standing 
discussion .. something mundane with a friend and ... then!!

What could you say? What would you do?

"Oh come on now!" Bunny said, "She is here to entertain us! 
Now who wants some tea. There are also biscuits."

The conversation started off slowly. 

Mostly something like "Bunny where did you get her??" 

Or "Can we touch her?" Or "What does she do?"

One of the more adventurous women reached out her hand and 
brushed Bitches easily available creamy coated right nipple.

(Bitch remembered her training. She stood firm and endured 
the young womans light groping of her nipple.)

The presence of the discipline cane on the tea tray, may 
have had something to do with it but well nothing is perfect.

"Honestly you'd think you have never seen a naked woman!" Bunny 
started. 

"BITCH POSITION!" came the order.

Bitch squatted down, spread her knees, clasped her hands 
behind her head and faced Bunny. Eyes watching her mistress.

Bunny smiled at a speechless, Carmen, and tried handing her a 
half cup of tea.

"I forget, Carmen do you take sugar or milk?"
 
Embolden with the passive acceptance of her fingers, Mary 
Lovston palmed a snowy white mound that was Bitches right breast, 
more firmly.

The coating made the tit more slippery that normal but the panty 
hose accenting scene holding it up made the tit very available.

"Um .. well Uh Oh milk," Carmen finally said taking the cup from 
Bunnys hand with a shaking appendage of her own.

"Now Bunny, What does this creature do. I mean aside from stand 
around NUDE and show of her assets?" Mary inquired squeezing the 
soft smooth tit.

"Why Mary I would of thought that it was obvious! This is a 
pleasure toy. It is her purpose to give pleasure to one and all!"

"She will do anything you or anyone here wants to achieve your 
pleasure!" Bunny informed the group as she pored another cup of 
tea and offered it to a thoroughly shocked Wilona Becker.

Wilona looked like she might at any moment be sick!

In her mind the sight before her was "SINFUL!" She had been 
raised that the human body, especially the female body, was to be 
never seen in the light of day.

This creature, coated white, accented with nylon mesh, squatting 
open legged showing off was ... WICKID!

She blushed and could not even attempt to join in the 
conversations beginning around her.

Wilona did not take the cup offered by Bunny so Bunny passed it 
to another.

When all had their tea and cookies the conversation had become 
quite boisterous concerning what to do with their 'toy'.

Some of the women, the more adventuresome ones, wanted to be 
serviced by Bitch, in the other room, but Bunny would not hear 
of it.

She raised her full skirt to her waist and ordered,

"Munch me Bitch!"


Bitch still remembering the cane, crawled over to her young 
Mistreses exposed sex and dutifully began to service the now 
familiar girls' sex.

Bunny was elated. Here she stood, in the middle of a room full of 
her peers. Woman she went to school with, and only she had the 
courage to demand and receive the subservience of this Bitch.

Smiling she shuttered through a wonderful orgasm and dutifully 
turned to survey the other scared females.

Mary, all ways an adventuresome lass, was next! She climb over 
the table, lower her slacks and panties. Sat down and demanded,

"Bitch over here .. do me NOW!"

Bitch, her face wet from the familiar sex, looked up to see a 
plethora of red pubic hair demanding her servicing.

Bitch crawled over and sounded with her tongue through the smelly 
red hair for the new sex she was to service.

It took some time but she found it and brought Mary off in a very 
short time.

(Mary had been soo turned on by the demonstration that the 
smallest stimulation of tongue on clit brought her off..)

After this more and more of the women came forward and took 
advantage of the free servicing.

As the group ringed Bitch, another group gathered around Bunny 
to have tea and discuss the availability of the 'toy'.

Soon everyone was done. Everyone except Wilona who still sat 
rigidly in her seat in a cationic like state.

Bunny noticed her guest and inquired,

"Wilona are you all right? Did you have some tea? How about a 
nice little tougueing of your quirm?"

Wilona just sat there rigid, and starting muttering something about ..

"SINFUL! This is not.. Sinful .."

"Oh come now Wilona! Don't be a prude! She is real good with her 
tongue. I know you'll like it. Here let me help you get your 
skirt fixed up and .. " Mary began.

But Wilona shot up and crashed into the crowd trying to get out 
of the room.

A group of the girls fell down over and around the distraught 
girl. 

For Wilona it was too much. She passed out.

Taking advantage of Wilona's temporary unconsciousness, Mary and 
Bunny stripped her and, with the others help, tied her upright 
from a plant stand in the green house. They spread and secured her 
legs. Then they revived her with some smelling salts.

Poor Wilona regained consciousness nude and displayed in the 
green house for all to see.

"NO!!! |NO!!! Please stop this. It's not right. You must 'ent do 
this. The minister will be soo mad ... I ..." Wilona babbled as 
she tried to swing herself loose from the rope holding her 
upright and captive in the bright sunlight.

Mary emerged from the crowd and demanded,

"Look what you did to my arm!" 

She held up her bruised right arm and then turned to display an 
equally bruised right hip.

"You knocked me down and could have hurt someone badly. I'm sick 
of your goodie, goodie stuff. I'm gonna tan your ass ... while 
bitch here licks you off."

"Bunny is going to get this all down on video, and in future you 
won't be so high and might knowing we all saw you and we have 
the pictures to show our friends."

Wilona begged, cried, and pleaded but to no avail.

Mary retrieved a thin leather belt from the pile of discarded 
clothing and lined it up with the reluctant soft white moons 
of poor Wilona.

Bitch crouched before the strung up girl and tried to find the 
sex to service.

Crack ..

"AAAAAAAAAHHAHAHAHAHA!!" Wilona screamed like she had been cut 
in half. She tried to whirled around to face Mary with the belt. 
But the ropes held and another stroke landed just then...

"UUUUUUUHHHHH!! Stop .. Stop ... Please I won't tell.. Just 
stop .. and .." Wilona pleaded.

"I'm gonna give you five strokes and for every one you move from 
I'll give you another. Makes no difference to me if I hit your 
ass or your tits. Now you turn around there and let the bitch 
service you while I get my revenge, or do you want sore tits?" 
Mary asked.

&lt;MY BREASTS!!! NOOOOOOO!&gt; Wilona's mind quickly demanded and her 
body obeyed. she faced away from the belt. 

&lt;Better a sore ass than sort breasts!&gt;

Bitch positioned her stocken covered face in the girls and laved 
the clit as the belt decorated the white moons with red stripes.

It seems embolden with the Mary's example, other party goers who 
were jostled by Wilona also added to her hind ends stripes.

The pain and insistent tonguing had the desired effect. 

Wilona shook shuttered and for the first time in her live CAME!

And not just once.

When the arms tired, the satisfied the women left Wilona hanging 
in the green house and went back in to get seconds and thirds 
from Bitch's tongue.

The party, after a time waned and the guests departed, leaving 
poor naked Wilona to Bunny's disposition.

Bunny cut the now sobbing girl down with Bitches help and 
after hosing her off left her to dry in the sunlight.

When she came back Wilona was still curled in a fetal ball.

Bunny informed her,

"I called your house and the maid told me that no one would 
be at home till next Friday."

"Seems I have you all to myself for a time..."

"No .. NO! Please I mu..." Wilona pleaded.

"Nonsense. I have plenty of room for little old you .. 
Besides I want to try some of my toys on an unwilling 
female and you are here.. just think of it as a sleep 
over only you .. will sleep here till you see your 
way to servicing ME!"

Bunny easily snapped the hand and ankle cuffs on her 
sobbing friend.

Bitch was taken away and Bunny lead the sobbing Wilona 
to the basement for her first night of training..

More to come ..




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        Helen # 015
                        by Paladin

Helen tooled her new red sports car, on a frantic spin all around 
the city. 

Then, tiring of that, she decided to go to that the fine downtown 
training establishment, where 'Long Dong' housed and trained his 
stable of novices and apprentices 'hos.

She would look in on her landlady and the rest of 'her' properties, 
Maybe she would view their training... Or take one home..

SCREEEEEEEEECH !!

Wailed the fine racing tires, as she did a 'bootleggers turn' at 
some 60 odd mph in the narrow confines of the street, right 
into a small parking space, which happened to be right out 
front of Long Dong's training 'academy'. 

This announced her arrival. (That's Helen for ya!)

The squealing of the tires, and the smell of burning rubber, 
prompted the three of 'Long Dong's' men, doing sentry duty to 
remove their dicks from the sucking mouths of the training 
'ho cock suckers.
 
Quickly they grabbed up their assigned weapons and rushed to 
their assigned places to defend against attack...
 
Quickly they covered the little red convertible in a potentially 
deadly cross fire. Sweaty fingers gripped triggers.

(This could be the clarion call of the expected probing attack 
from the dastardly forces of that villainous pimp, Grady! 
This was them against .. And here winning was everything..)

The coal black barrels of their weapons stuck out from the 
prepared holes in the steel shutters .. Nervously then they 
awaited any signs of hostility from the car or the street.

Then the drivers door opened slightly ... 

Tension was in the air. 

Then the left of Helen's, fine, long black legs emerged slowly 
from the expanding opening of the drivers side door. 

As the tension eased .. the fine leg was quickly followed by 
the emergence of a fine firm round black ass! 

The sentries relaxed their hostile attitude but remained vigilante 
for .... what every voyeur in the world waits for! 

The sight of a fine piece of pussy meat .. on the huff ..

Soon as they recognized, by the emerging of the set of big firm 
black tits, that it was only the local policewoman come to visit. 

The hope for piece of this pussy was ever possible .. but not 
very probable ... Still Helen had sometimes ..

A fine piece of black fuck meat to be sure, but inside the 
building their were many such asses and even some better. The 
weapon barrels were drawn back inside. 

The weapons stowed. 

The sentries went back to the card game. The resting cock 
suckers apprentices had remained crouched under the table. 
They moistened up their lips .. puckered up, anew and waited 
ovaled to resume nursing of their assigned brutes. 

When the naked hairy legs slid back around beside them, they 
immediately went back to their assigned oral servicing. 

They knew any slacking off would be punished. 'Dong' liked 
his suckers enthusiastic, ready and accommodating .. at their
assignments at all times.

Yes sir that was Guard duty at Long Dong's. It just wasn't 
anything like guard duty we had in the army!

Helen smiled her best 'shit eating' smile for the many 
surveillance cameras, and did her provocative exaggerated 
ass wiggle for the unseen audience. Just like all of you 
girls, do to drive up the men's blood pressure, or get 
something you don't deserve but want.. just want, maybe 
not even real bad..

She sashayed up to the solid steel front entrance door.

Seeing the bell at arms level, but knowing that their was a 
security camera on the wall of the building opposite the door, 
Helen decided on the indirect approach. 

She hiked up the hem on the back of her short red dress. 

As she never wore any panties, she was effectively mooning 
the camera and all its viewers through the building.

Then she spread her ass cheeks..

If their was an odor sensor, there, the opening response might 
have been quicker, but not by much. I mean the girl reeked SEX!!

The mer sight of the wet gaping purple fuck hole sent the door 
guard into a frenzy of lust. He ripped open the door and looked 
down on the bent over back of the police woman with her ass stuck
out behind .. 

Her black skinned ass cheeks shown there behind her for all to 
see in the bright sun! 

Helen knew and reveled in showing her all to the viewers, 
through the building .. and the tape audiences of the future ...

"Officer don't you go be trying to tempt ME! Or my men with your 
'curting poses for the department! ... uh .. Shit you be right 
here in front my own 'stablishment. That just ain't right! 
Officer!"
 
"This here be my place of buzzness. You go be showing you're 
'cuting ass poses down at the local school yard." 

"Who know? You might get them young, dumb niggars down there to 
join the force, stead of my gang if'n you make um a better offer 
'n me. You knows they be all young and impressionable and shit 
at them young ages there.. but I get um back .."

"Now gal don't you go be getting me wrong! You do be having one 
fine black ass but I's got lots of fine black asses in here. So 
don't go be wasting your and my time now, what ya be a wanting?"

"You know that you'se welcome to come right on in here. And you 
can join my fine stable anytime. With the police training I put 
ya right to work. Be a big doings over to the track, and I 
knead's all the pussy meat I can get." 

Long Dong related to the image tempting him from the camera, and 
spoke by the local loud speaker on the wall.

Helen twitched her sexy ass and winked the thing at the gaping 
observance lens and answered,.

"Now 'Long Dong' you know's I loves ya, but I got to put in my 
20 to get my pension. Sides I wouldn't want to disappoint the 
mayor and the city council by joining the opposition."

"Who knows? With all this minority shit, they might just be 
making me next Chief of Police. Then I'd be on your pad for 
a much bigger piece of the action that I get's now."

Helen turned to smile at the unseen 'Long Dong' as she 
straightened herself up to vertical. She pulled her short 
skirt down some, but left enough of her out, to give hardons, 
below the cloth 

Her short red skirt rode up, as she walked, slightly but her 
strong black hands smoothed it, further down, down to almost 
a descent length .. ALMOST .. 

(Gals if you got it! Flaunt it! And this gal had it!)

She pushed the smiling toothless door guard aside. Closed 
his open mouth and pressed him against the wall with her 
tits as she passed him by in the hall. 

Poor prick came in his pants.. (Some of these pussy starved
guards just had no self control.) But he knew if he raised a
hand to this woman .. he might not even have a bloody stump
to pull back..
 
Helen sauntered, down the hall, unopposed, and from the many 
doors on both sids of the hall, she proceeded to enter into 
the one of the security room. 

The one were all the monitors were replaying the tape of 
her exposed purple labia .. for the second of many more 
times .. today..

There in the midst of it all the security screnes, sat 
the mountain of blubber known to friends .. and foes 
alike .. as 'Long Dong'.

"Dong you be one disgusting negger .. You even be able to 
find your dick in all that blubber?" Helen inquired.

Long Dong reached down and retrieved a stiff skinny long 
black dick from his right pants pocket. 

Smiling he held this up over his head to let her see that 
the balls were still attached to the grotesque thing.

"I said YOUR DICK, FOOL!" Helen demanded. (She would not 
be intimidated by the likes of 'Dong' even with this 
grisly trophy of his.)

"AW I misunderstood ya officer, one of Grady's man done willed 
this 'un to me, on his death bed so to speak, back there in that 
alley . Then he screamed out, real loud and up and died! Be like 
one of them death bead 'clairation .. "

"So you'll see this un be mine too. But if do be kind a puny 
and all, and like shriveled up though ain't it?" Long Dong 
laughed with the grisly relic dangling in his fat right paw. 
"But it be lots easier to get to then thu other un."

"You likes a little poke with this un officer?? It still be 
stiff and all!"

"No thank you!" Helen informed the ghoul. "I likes mine warm 
long and juicy. That un be plumb disgusting and all nasty like!"

"Well I might could arrange something nice and more to your taste 
if you are up for it Officer." he said. "Um my boy .."

"NNN Not now. I come here cause, well, look 'Dong' their's been 
a mistake. I needs one of the 'hos I done sold ya'll back. I be 
missing her tongue something awful. I's gona offer ya a nice 99 
Cadalic that I could trade ya for the worthless old 'ho."

"What does ya say?" Helen offered the pile of blubber, the 
dangling keys to Claudia's car, from her right hand.
 
"Well now Officer we done made a deal, and I's had great spenses 
with them white 'hos. They done been resisted their training. If 
I's a renegotiated man I could say's you'll misrepresented them 
'hos. I's might even wants a refund... Why my trainners has had to 
break soo many canes over them asses that it be ...." Long Dong 
started to ramble. "But I be a forgiving man .."

"Now look it here! I gives ya a Caddy. Why you only give me 
$2000 for the old 'ho in the first place.." Helen demanded.

"The old whore ... why I have ya know she gonna be a base 
of my new string of mother / daughter fuck pairs." 

"Why she be soo willing NOW!. She done come up with that her 
own self .. after only a few little sessions of the whip. 
Why it be, like all natural like. She gonna be the first. My 
basis of my mother / daughter fuck pairs.. She .. um .. they 
be a part of my showing this very evening Officer." 

"You sees I just can't part with her foR a while.." 

But if you'se wants, I can get ya a front row seat. Of if 
you'll wants to you'll can sit in my box .. with me."

"No, no, no .. much as I like ya Officer Helen. No one car be 
worth that 'ho. But I's might be wanting the thing you just 
done rode up in now."

"Why with that thing, with old Slick Willie at the wheel, be a 
guarantee of 6 or 7 new 'ho 'cutes a week."

"Them young bitches get's all creamy in their jeans. They sees 
that little old red thing, with Slick Willie behind the wheel. 
They just naturally follow him anywhere for a ride and they's 
just naturally gonna spread their legs for old Willie. Boy be 
soo cool .. them young bitches .. they .."

"The Caddy, .. well I take I off'n your hands for ... well ..
Yea I want's both cars .. but you has to wait till I gets the 
show done tonight. As I said, I trains them 'hos a whole heap 
to get them ready for tonight. And I got's fliers out there for 
the big show tonight ... Wanna sell some tickets .. to the boys 
downtown? I buys you'rn to the police stuff.. Now your boys 
can come right on in here like anybody else .. No 
Discriminating at .. old 'Dongs'"

"Then when I see's how the show go I maybe think bout giving 
you'll back something to um .. 'Light your fire' ..

Helen inquired "What kind of show?" 

"Let's just say one of my something special shows." Dong smiled.

"Well Ok. I do a deal, for the cars but I needs a ride back to 
my new crib and the use of the old 'ho days??." Helen offered.

"G'm me the keys to the red thing, and I'll has good old Ralph to 
run you anywhere you wants, in my 'company' van." Long Dong 
said with an out-stretched paw and a gleam in his sharp eyes.
"Days .. yea Days.."

He knew he had put one over on old Officer Helen..

Reluctantly Helen gave him the keys to the red sports car. She 
liked that car but then her world was full of others cars.

&lt;Easy come easy go .. Sides we gonna fix his fat and soon..&gt; 
Helen gleefully thought.

"Ok yea, but lessen you want to be without the van, You'd best 
send another driver to bring the Caddy back." Helen told the 
boss whore master ..

"Oh .. yea! Um .. Freddy whyn't you'se go with um and get's 
back here with my new Caddy pronto ..." Long Dong ordered 
his man. "Officer does you'll want's that ticket to the show??"

Helen declined, she had to go and maybe pick up her new male 
boy toy before the gays done burst his bladder or something...

In the back court yard, next to the 'company' van stood a 
vacant horse trailer.

Helen now knew what the big show was featuring. This and the 
confusion would be perfect for her purposes later on. But not 
tonight .. let the old fool 'Long Dong' have his fun .. for 
now! 

Why she might even get a tape of the proceedings.. Keep the 
old bitch (Claudia) in line for her lifetime after the Caddy 
be done with. 

*******

Once back at the Van Smith estate Helen gave Ralph the Caddy's 
keys and went directly to the houses bar. There she sat and 
planned the future events that would get her 'landlady' back and 
keep the rest of the deal all done up nice and neat and tidy.

She stayed there for a long time working out the details .. and
drinking ..

It took a while but she had it all worked out after the first 
bottle..

*******

BITCH and (Jackie) Nasty Cunt, bedecked with massive amounts of 
white body paint and their normal shits were lead to the back 
stage area. The open crotch panty hose over their heads and up 
to their tits set off their feminine charms wonderfully as they
usually did. By now the white stocking over each head, before 
they saw each other, was usual. It guaranteed that they did not 
know each other. To each this was just another pussy to compete
with .. and hopefully take more of the whip on themselves ..

Today though their was a new pussy to their 'act'. It was RED!

Debora Trank coated with red body paint and hooded with a 
red stocking, was lead after them to a slanted platform also 
behind the curtain.

She was forced back over the platform spread eagled and 
secured there with her pussy higher up than a normal fuck 
would require.. 

Between her spread legs was a large 'V' shaped slit in the 
platform and on either side of her were heavy supports jutting 
out.

All the participants, but one were there now waiting for their 
BIG MOMENT! 

None of the participants knew what was to come..  Each had been 
thoroughly trained to obey. to evade the whip this is all they 
needed  .. they hopped.

Each could only wait there and .. hope .. Hope that one of the 
other bitch would get the attention .. Each hopped she would 
just have to stand there with her privates hanging out .. 

Thus they all waited and hopped.

Beyond the curtain the noise level increased as the audience 
began to arrived.

At a signal from 'Long Dong' two of the trainers cracked their 
whips and ordered the white painted 'hos to their 'present' 
positions on either side of the prostrate red painted 'ho's 
open sex..


The 'hos offered no resistance. They squatted down, facing the 
curtain, and spread their knees wide open and placed their hands 
behind their heads, Stuck out their tits and .. waited .. 

Now with all three pinks showing .. the curtain arose and 'Long 
Dong' from his box, in the front row announced,

"WELCOME ONE AND ALL TO THE FIRST OF MANY PERFORMANCES OF MY 
BIGGEST SHOW THIS SIDE OF T.J."

Each of the newly trained painted whores looked out from their 
positions, on a sea of faces beyond the foot lights and shuttered. 

Never had any of these women been seen, with their whole being 
on display by a crowd . Each hopped that their 'make up' 
effectively hid their true identities. 

Their social positions, their very existence in their worlds 
would never survive if they were recognized .. but if the 
balked... That was not possible either.

The sea of faces, some black, some white, a few red and yellow 
were held in place mesmerized by the three open pink female 
treasures and the rumors of things to come ...

"Tonight I am proud to show you'll something you done never 
seen before. Something you gonna be telling your grand 
chilrens you done seen, and you done seen it here, at 
'Long Dong's'. "

"That nasty competitor of mine done have girls, OLD WORE OUT, 
'hos so I done heard .. do the dirty on his small stage with .. 
oh maybe dogs, but that's nothing! I won't insult your 
intelligence with that small shit. That be too common .. 
too easy!"

"I'se gonna give ya some of my prime stock, all nice and pink, 
as you'll can plainly see. Here on my spacious stage.. 
Tonight, they gonna do the dirty with ..."

"Gals grease um up with the stuff."

The trainers each produced a pad, soaked with a vile smelling 
stuff, and proceeded to soak the white 'hos, pink with the stuff. 
Then they rubbed the remainder of the scent into the reds slit, 
(Debora's) exposed sex.

Each trainer went back to one of the white 'hos and informed 
them in a soft whisper,

"You better deliver him to her hole or the scent will draw him to 
you and you're likely to get trampled."

The trainers withdrew.

The house lights dimmed..

"BRING ON THUNDER" Long Dong shouted.

 WHHHHHHEEEEEEEE

Issued from the right side of the curtain, followed a large black 
Stallion stomping into the stage lighted area.

THUNDER HAD ARRIVED!

Confused .. he shook his massive head and sniffed the air. He 
turned his head to eyeball the confused source of the scent. 

Both of the white hos were still in their present position at 
the front of the exposition. They still hopped to escape the 
whip by their obedience, but the sound and then as they turned 
the sight of the large black animal... instilled horror in their 
minds..

Bitch broke first .. She tried to rise up but the stallion was 
too fast for her. 

But in his haste to get to the scent he passed his belly right 
over her rising form. 

As she fell from the contact with the furry belly she just 
managed to escape the hooves. 

Now she knew what the pads had been scented with .. trying to 
cover her slit, she sought to crawl to the side to escape the stage. 

A trainer, beyond the lighted area, with a whip, put a stop to that.

SWIPPP!

And pain flashed out of the dark to Bitch's naked back.

Nasty Cunt had stood up and was terrified at the sight of 
the advancing Stallion. She tried to break for an exit but 
out of the darkness .. on her side of the stage.. 

Swippp

A slice of fire cut around her waist and even managed to 
flay across her right ass cheek. this informed her their 
was no exit.

The crowd was going wild!! 

The Stallion, after passing over Bitch, was drawn to the 
frantic actions and scent of Nasty Cunt. He lopped off in 
her direction.

Nasty Cunt's scream was not even heard above the roar of the 
crowd!

The huge black head rammed Nasty Cunt in the stomach and 
when she fell he lowered his head and tried to bite the 
source of the scent driving him on...

Nasty Cunt's protective hand was bloodied..

Bitch had tried to crawl away again, only to find that way 
too was blocked with another whip.

Reluctantly she stood up. Then it dawned on her terror clouded
brain. If she and Nasty Cunt didn't work together then they 
were gonna get killed by the animals hooves or worse ...

Bitch grabbed for the massive head and tried to directed him to 
the spread open lawyers waiting .. prepared hole. It was her 
only chance.

Nasty Cunt, seeing the direction the other 'ho was trying to 
lead the beast, decided to help!

It was either that of they were both going to be fucked to 
death by this massive black stallion..

Debora Trank had been watching from the platform helpless 
as all this developed .. from her captive position as a 
spectator .. She was safe??

She had been happy to observe .. but now she did not like 
this new turn of events. 

She had been satisfied to be a spectator .. 

But now all her stretchiness made sense .. 

She was horrified! 

She now began to frantically struggle to get free. 

This was not possible .. They wouldn't ..

But she finally realized that she could only just wriggle 
there all spread out like a worm about to be hooked  .. 
and scream.. 

And oh boy did she screamed! 
 
Finally, with the two white 'hos pulling the main of the sex 
mad stallion together.. they got him to the platform! 

Once there the scent, and the tugging encouraged him to 
start to climb the slopped platform that led to the red 
scented hole stretched just for HIM!!.

The horse dick was unsheathing as he climbed. But the white 
'hos did too good. Now they had the angry black and red 
organ just about over Debora's screaming mouth. 

The smell of stale piss and sweat caused her to scream 
all the more. 

The BIG HOLE in the dick head approached her gaping oral cavity. 

Debora decided immediately silence was the golden rule here and 
now. (For a lawyer .. this was a stretch..)

She not only shut her mouth but she locked her jaws .. tight. 

A deluge of piss and stuff flowed downhill, from the black hole 
in the organ now covering her face. It was right over her 
closed lower jaw. But her nasal opening started to fill .. 
with the nasty stuff .. She turned her head and sought to keep 
from drowning in the stuff ..

But then she realized that she could keep the black hose like 
thing out of her mouth but further back there, her prepared 
gaping cunt ... 

It was right there .. gaping open .. defenseless .. 

She was gonna get .. (Well you know!)

The crowd was going wild. Never had they seen three 'hos all 
do the nasty .. and with a horse .. and they was making it 
look so .. 

Well naturally every dick and clit in the house hardening .. 
It seemed that every sex in the audience was being stroked 
at the going's on, up there on that stage..

"You'll better find a hole for that thing afore he stick him's 
dick up um you asses 'ho!" Long Dongs voice was heard over the 
din of the fans, directing the white 'hos to get on with it.

(Boy didn't want to lose his crowd!)

Both Nasty and Bitch immediately reached down and handled the 
extending horse dick. But it was stiff like iron. Try as they 
might they couldn't get it back to where it was supposed to go.

The red 'ho was, from her turned face again, SCREAMING!!

From necisity Bitch lowered her head, stuck out her tongue 
and began to lave the underside of the nasty thing.

Thunder sensing a wet hole beside his organ stepped back, one 
step and tried to stab Bitches too small licking mouth.

Bitch stepped back and again licked the nasty head. Again 
Thunder responded. 

Finally she and Nasty got the hose like end down to the 
vacate gaping hole, that had been intentionally stretched 
for just such a thing. 

Debora came ungluded! 

She screamed her lungs out, but their was no stopping the 
inexorable path of this dick to her open prepared hole.

(Remember this was the girls first time. She'd grow to take 
it and  .. well who cares if she likes it..)

Thunder whinnied and reared back from the tight hole. But then 
he shoved forward again .. again his dick advanced, this time 
further into the gaping hole .. prepared for him.. 

Slowly the huge animals' dick found the depth prepared for him. 

He liked it! 

It was warm .. and wet. And guys it was tight! Not like one 
of those old fuckd out mares he had before. And so he began 
to try to fuck the now whimpering lawyer for effect ...

Debora went into a cationic state. She knew she was going to be 
split .. maybe in half .. but in pieces. She knew it!!

Each thrust seemed to be going to tear her vaginal canal out of 
her body.

Debora was not a virgin before but this was rough fucking to the 
n-th degree.. 

Then just as she was about to pass out the hose like organ let 
lose inside her. She felt her belly swell to bursting with .. 
horse cum..

This was it. Debora expired. The flood overflowed her hole .. 

Horse cum shot everywhere. It was like thick cream spewing 
from a high pressure hose ..


Swappp Swapp

The whips caught the remaining two nudes and demanded their 
attention.. 

Soft whispered command ordered them to clean up the cum .. 
for the video .. 

OK the audience was beyond caring but you have to think ahead. 
Think of the residuals.. Viedo sales and footage...

Lastly the whips ordered the cum covered white 'hos to their 
present positions beside the unconscious lawyer flowing cunt.

Both 'hos assumed the present position to the roaring crowd 
as the curtain came down.

The crowd was pleased! Dong's show was a hit!

Long Dong was a happy man.

The 'hos were all covered with cum and suddenly very .. very .. 
tired.

Debora was out of it. (Well maybe next time she would enjoy
it more..)

"Dong' had his horsie act .. He had his 'ho's .. He also 
had the cars .. 

&lt;FUCK THAT POLICE WOMAN!&gt; He thought. &lt;I go over 
to there and settle with her maybe tomorrow ... Yea .. 
Tonight I celebrates.. Let that fool Grady try to top that ..&gt;

More to come..




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                        Helen # 016
                        by Paladin

Helen waited for the return of her land lady. She waited for 
two days, and nothing came from the whore master Long Dong.

She thought the rambling old Van Smith residence was fine and 
all, but the gal just wanted the services of her 'maid'. Besides 
'Long Dong' done owed her .. He owed her big time, for the cars 
and all the fine apprentice 'hors .... and .. Well he owed and 
Officer Helen just couldn't let this pass..

Besides Helen, had done got tired of waiting.


Meanwhile Dong was riding the crest of a wave.

His horsie fuck of Debora was the talk of the town!

Customers from far and wide came to see the spectacle.

Dong did have to change out 'ho from time to time as the 
facial horror of a novice egged the crowd on when the horse
cock slipped into old Debora.

Then too the cum explosion to a novice was truly crown pleasing. 
So after a few time Dong rotated the job of presenter from the
mother daughter and used the girls for his next step.

He had um come on stage, in their now normal white attire. A 
trainers would have one of the girls strap on a double headed 
dildow a fuck the other..

For some reason this was a real crowd pleaser and the fact 
that pair was mother / daughter seemed to add to the normal 
girlie sex act.

Bitch was not happy when, the first night she, after insertion 
of the dummy she recognize the cries of her daughter fucking 
on the other end ..

Of course the whip kept her sawing on and on despite the horror
she felt.

It took a while till Jackie recognized her mother but then the
natural bond added to the affection. The whip had started the 
action but the bond was keeping it going..

The girls were given various uppers, to keep their stage act 
going. 

Of course the horsie act detracted from the 'just plain' girlie
fucking so Dong had to varry the nights for each act. But it 
was all money to the now famous promoter of stage fucking.

Another source of income was the videos of the various acts.

Residuals man .. Residuals ..

So it was with all this business, Dong forgot to deal with
Helen!

**

Helen though did not forget him!

She decided to twist old 'Long Dong's' hangie down things, 
just a little bit... but as the days wore on .. she decided 
to twist um .. A WHOLE LOT!!

Helen picked up the phoned, and contacted the station. 

She informed her captain that that dastardly pimp and 
prevaricator of filth .. Long Dong was the guilty driver in 
the hit and run homicide she had been investigating. 

She had evidence. Why he was even still driving the car.

Soon she had a whole tack squad going to visit 'Long Dongs' 
crib in search of a certain Cadillac. 

Finding the car, it seems that, that very Caddy had been 
the one involved in the hit and run homicide just as Helen's
investigation had pointed to. 

Forensic tests proved it!

And sure enough, it was there in Long Dong's possession! Parked 
right next to his 'company' van, in his yard.

'Long Dong' professed his innocence .. but then those .. people 
never give a straight story on the first few go rounds, do they?

Why the fool even had the nerve to accuse a find upstanding 
member of the police department of procuring the vehicle for him. 
But after a few hours, of intense questioning. (You can get just 
bout anyone to talk when they thinks they've been set up.)

It was all LIES !! of course. The tac squad knew it. The police 
knew that a fine upstanding officer like Helen wouldn't do 
anything even remotely like that.

Helen, the ever helpful officer, then notified 'Dongs' rival 
'Grady' of the dissension in 'Dongs' during the boys absence 
from his place. 

She had him go over and liberate a whole passel of poor 
unfortunate down trodden women from that horrible pimp's 
clutches.

Somehow a reporter and photographer was there to observe the 
'Liberation'.

Ever helpful Officer Helen lead the raid and was photographed
leading one of the poor 'hos out of the vile place.

The following morning their was a story in the paper describing 
the horrible place Dong ran. This too added further to 'Dongs' 
legal troubles.

In all the commotion it seems that no one had to check the 
registration on the Caddy. 

Dong out on bail took the opportunity to flee..

Officer Helen's picture was there on the front page leading a 
'ho down the stairs to her own little red sports car.

(No one reported that the unfortunates were recycled out of 
'Dongs' and into one of Gradys' cribs.) 

The headlines and credit went to that fearless defender of 
the people. 

That guardian of law and order, Police Woman, HELEN!

So you see crime doesn't pay .. or does it?

Bitch under her whore identity Lola, was easily placed under 
the protective custody of Helen at the Van Smiths Estate. 

Helen even appointed her parole officer.

The rest of the 'hos were kept with Gradys' ever expanding 
stable. 

To keep them out of harms way don't you know.

(Can' have all those loose pussys running around with no one 
to protect or guide then .. Can we?)

Nasty Cunt was recycled.

She found a career as a lesbian submissive. 

She really did fit the role .. after some more rings and 
things. All Grady lezzies, to guarantee the customers 
pleasure sported at least two tongue piercing.  

Then too old Grady favored his 'hos with lots of decorations. 

For efficiency he even had his whores tattooed on the inner 
upper lip with his I D number. (Helps when you have to keep 
track of a remuda of pussys on the hoof.)
 
So now it fell to 'Nasty Cunt' to be delivered to Bunnys' 
when ever the young novice sadist had the need. 

But Bunny, now, did have a new toy, didn't she.. Wilona, to play 
with. 

Bunny was becoming self sufficient, wasn't she. 

(And how that girl, Wilona took to the part of being Bunnys' 
little lezzie slave! But that is another story!!)

You could see that Bunny like her new toy, Wilona better than
the professional (Nasty Cunt) as she now had so many more 
newly learned things she could do to shocked a novice like 
Wilona!
 
Things the trainer from Dongs' had helped her learn on old 
Bitch. This made for many happy hours at Bunnys crib. Very 
happy hours for Bunny that is.

In order to keep the revenue stream up though Bunny vouched 
for and had Mary take up her time playing with Gradys' 
submissive, Nasty.

Mary learned all the little things that Bunny had before her 
and was happy with a younger more supple submissive to play 
with ..

And you now think poor Debora, all streatched out, and no 
place to go... 

NAAA. 

The girl had the talent now. I mean you just don't ever find 
many applicants to do some horsie fucking .. on stage do you?

Dogs and other barn yard animals but full sized horsies??

NAAA.
 
I mean how many of you know a 'ho able to be able to take 
on a horse? 

All right it wasn't her favorite thing, but then who asked her?

And she was the STAR of the show! Ahh show biz!

Grady worked her for a while till the novelty of the thing kinda
wore off and then .. Well he had to sell her off to a traveling 
group who specialize in the animal thing.. 

She was happier that way .. really! 

Though if you talk to her, she would still lie and profess 
her desire to get back to the law .. but who wants a bold 
legged lawyer that .. Well you know!

Now Helen kept an interest in Mark for a while and then 
gradually she let the bar's owner buy her out. 

After all in her new digs, she just couldn't have a butler 
or even a handy man who looked like some kind of bondage 
freak. I mean really, those facial tattoos!

No she couldn't have him at a ritzy estate like the Van Smiths'. 

No the boy would be better off at the bar working. Why for the 
first time in his whole life of idleness, Mark had a job. 

Claudia enjoyed her job as maid and tonguer to Helen's cunt.

Helen, after consultation with Grady did have Claudia's 
tongue pierced and after it healed she developed a real 
affection for those studs working over her ass hole from 
the inside. (Heavenly!! Ain't it? Oh you haven't tried it,
too bad.)
 
So you see all that started out soo ... cayotic ended up ..
well tied up soo neat .. for a time..

Then Helen, due to her status as hero, became Chief of police..

But that is for another time..

The end for now ...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





