BDSM Library - An English Dalliance




An English Dalliance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An American Domme plucks an English rose.&copy; 2004 by Lowered Eyes  
All rights reserved. No part of this publication can be reproduced, stored
  in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic,
  mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior permission
  of the author.  
This work is written as adult entertainment and is not intended to
    be accessed by anyone under the age of 18. All persons and events portrayed
    are fictional and any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely co-incidental. 
An English Dalliance   
By Lowered Eyes   
1.   
I was, as usual, late.&nbsp; I had been shopping for a few last minute items
  for the wedding of an old university friend that Saturday afternoon.&nbsp; For
  others, &quot;last minute items&quot; might not be considered to include the
  dress, shoes and bag I intended to wear or carry but for me they were.&nbsp; I
  had finally found the dress.&nbsp; It was blue, a dark, rich, blue silk.&nbsp; The
  bodice was like a basque, laced up the front over a modesty panel, tiny straps
  over each shoulder.&nbsp; From the waist the dress fell as a full skirt with
  a ragged hem.&nbsp; Black stockings and, dark blue,&nbsp;low heels, which had
  been the devil to find, completed the lower half of me.&nbsp; My shoulder length
  black hair, normally fairly unruly, was disciplined into a loose pony and topped
  by a white hat, having found nothing in blue that would quite do the trick.  
I had meant to check in to the hotel where the reception was to be held and
  change there before the wedding in the local church but my tardiness precluded
  that. So, fully dressed, I drove the 150 miles to the church.&nbsp; I&nbsp;managed
  to clatter to a pew just before the service began.  
Mary, the bride, looked stunning, as always, and the ceremony was perfect.
  Afterward, the rich crowd of supporters sparkled in the autumn sunlight which
  bathed a typical English churchyard as the photos were taken.&nbsp; I looked
  around and saw only two other people I knew, Mary's brother, Tom and her mother.
  I'd had a brief fling with Tom before realizing that whatever I was, hetero
  wasn't it.&nbsp; It wasn't his fault.&nbsp; He was a generous and loving man,
  but he was a man.&nbsp; To his credit we had remained friends, and he was easy
  with my confessed sexual preference.&nbsp; I kissed them both and we exchanged
  the usual information regarding current home, job and partner.&nbsp; In his
  case, this was a tall, willowy blonde by the name of Sally. He advised me,
  jokingly as he introduced us that I was to keep my hands off her.&nbsp; In
  my case, there was no-one. My last girl-friend had left to return to her native
  India and continue her medical career.  
The wedding breakfast was delicious, the speeches unusually funny and the
  party that ensued was boisterous. As the day faded, the soft lights in the
  hotel created an atmosphere of warmth and intimacy.  
The band played Glenn Miller and other period stuff which had almost everyone
  dancing. I had been dancing with Tom until I was breathing hard and afraid
  that my heels might not stand further abuse.&nbsp;I left him to continue his
  exertions with Sally and I went in search of a life saving glass of champagne.  
There she was, standing at the bar. I don't quite understand how I had not
  noticed her before.&nbsp; If I had been asked to write my fantasy it could
  not have sprung to life any more perfectly. She was tall, and had short, almost
  white, blond hair. She wore a man's dark grey&nbsp;suit or rather a suit cut
  to look like&nbsp;a man's, but clearly by a clever tailor, for it followed
  her slender curves perfectly. Under the jacket was a white, silk shirt sporting
  French cuffs adorned with simple, silver links and a tie loosely made up at
  the collar.&nbsp;On her feet were plain court shoes, black and dully polished.&nbsp; I
  took all this in, as a woman does, in about 3 seconds whilst I waited for my
  wine.  
&quot;I saw you arrive at the church.......late.&nbsp; Is that your normal
  style?&quot;  
Not only was this embodiment of my fantasies addressing me, she had noticed
  me arrive alone too.  
&quot;I'm afraid it is.&quot; I admitted, sheepishly.  
&quot;I was here last night but then I expect I had further to come than
  you.&quot;&nbsp; Her accent was clearly American.  
&quot;Which part of the USA are you from?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;New York,&quot; she smiled.&nbsp; &quot;Is it that obvious?&quot;  
&quot;I didn't mean to be rude.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't take it as rude.&quot; She held out her hand.&nbsp; &quot;Kate.&quot;  
&quot;Samantha.&quot;&nbsp; I took her hand. It squeezed mine with surprising
  strength and I felt myself shudder.  
We had been standing, chatting at the bar for some time. Kate was, I hoped,
  flirting but one learns to be careful. Caution is a virtue for a lesbian at
  a function such as a reception, where people are naturally friendly, but there
  was something about Kate which made me feel quite sure I wasn't mistaken. It
  wasn't so much her clothes or her hair. Plenty of straight girls know how sexy
  they look in mannish attire. It heightens their femininity. It was her manner.
  A girl learns to recognize the signs I guess, especially when one has made
  so many silly mistakes, embarrassed or angered enough people. I wasn't about
  to make a mistake in this case. In any event I have never been inclined to
  take the initiative. I tended to be submissive, to be led, to be the seduced,
  not the seducer. Her occasional touches, the way her eyes slid over my breasts
  made me feel hot. Physically hot, not sexually aroused. Well, alright, that
  too, but mainly over heated.  
I suppose I was more certain when she said, "Look, Sara, why don't we take
  a bottle of champagne up to my room and relax a little?" She removed any shred
  of doubt when she kissed me in the lift.  
How to describe that kiss? She was, as I have said, tall. She was carrying
  the champagne like a truncheon, wrapped in a paper bag, holding it by the neck.
  She leant forward, slowly, and kissed me on the lips. It was brief but, to
  my mind, full of intense sexuality. Clich&eacute; of the day &ndash;my knees
  turned to jelly. They turned to water when, as she broke the kiss, her tongue
  licked my lips.  
"Yep, Sam my girl, this is a dyke and she fancies you." I thought, "Don't
  mess this up, girl."  
She led me down the passage to her door and smiled at me as she produced
  the key from her pocket. No handbag I noticed, the key was in her trouser pocket.
  Manly. Why has that always done it for me?  
I don't think I'd said anything between the bar and her room. The room was
  big, much bigger than mine. The bed seemed huge and the view over the hotel's
  lawns and gardens to the city beyond was impressive. I stood by the window
  looking until I heard a pop behind me and turned. Kate poured two glasses of
  fizz, one of which she proffered to me. I took it and thanked her but before
  I could drink, she took a sip of hers and moved in close to kiss me and share
  her mouthful of wine. It trickled over my chin and she licked it away. Another
  clich&eacute;, my heart became a hammer in my chest. How many more clich&eacute;s
  could a girl take in one day? She moved away slightly and drank her wine. I
  sipped mine and we simply looked at each other over the rims of our glasses.
  Kate took my glass from me and placed it, with hers, on the desk by the wall.  
"Champagne always tastes better in a bedroom, don't you think?"  
She moved in like a predator and kissed me again but it was no peck, it was
  a full blown kiss, her tongue invaded my mouth and her hands pulled me into
  her. I opened my mouth to her and let my arms go up around her neck. I felt
  her grip my bum, tight. Then one of them seemed to move seamlessly from my
  bottom to my right breast and she cupped it, surprisingly gently, as her tongue
  wrestled with mine. The gentle cupping became a grasp and then a squeeze. Her
  fingers found my nipple, by this time hard as a small nut. She held it through
  the silk of my dress and twisted it deliciously, evoking a small moan from
  me into her mouth. She pulled away, her hand still on my breast, and she appraised
  me, a slight smile on her lovely face.  
"How exactly does a girl undo that dress?"  
I didn't answer, but I undid the lacing and opened it for her. I wanted her
  to see my braless breasts, or as she no doubt she would call them, tits. I
  left the straps over my shoulders, for her. She lowered them slowly. I showed
  her where the small group of buttons were that would loosen the waist band,
  but she smiled that smile of hers and moved away, removing her jacket. The
  white shirt was perfect and she wore no bra beneath it. Her tie was a dark
  blue strip between two silk draped peaks. The trousers were quite tight on
  her backside and I wondered for the first time what she might be wearing underneath
  them.  
Kate took her time hanging her jacket, leaving me to stand with my breasts
  exposed as I watched her. I didn't care. I was too absorbed in her.  
When she came back to me she said nothing but undid the buttons at my waist.
  She peeled me. She let a month's salary worth of fabric fall in a pool around
  my feet and stepped back. I stood stock still, feeling the weight of her inspection.
  Searching for a safe place for my eyes, I ended up staring at myself in a wall
  mirror. There I was in a hat, no bra, dark blue, silk knickers, a suspender
  belt and stockings. My shoes hidden under the draping of my dress along with
  any pride that might have remained.  
"More champagne?"  
I could only shake my head.  
"Turn around then. Bend forward and show me your ass."  
I turned for her so that she could enjoy my backside. I stilled my tremors
  by leaning my hands to the dresser.  
"I meant, show me your ass, Sara."  
Taking her meaning then, I reached back and lowered my pretty blue knickers,
  wondering if my bare arse was as flushed as my cheeks.  
"Show me!"  
Her voice now had a commanding tone and it dawned on me that I was to be
  completely humiliated.  
"Every hole you have is open to me."  
With my back to her, bent slightly forward at the waist, my knickers pulled
  down and my hands spreading my buttocks, those words rang in my ears. There
  I was, exposing myself, totally, for heaven's sake, to a woman I'd met only
  a short while ago. This was not like a one-nighter where I had danced with
  a girl, snogged her in the toilet or the taxi and let her seduce me over the
  course of an evening. This was daylight, before a stranger with whom I had
  only shared a glass of wine. I knew nothing about her. She might have been
  a crazy, a sadist, a murderer for God's sake. But somehow I didn't care. She
  was beautiful.  
"Undress me and then I'll have you on the bed!"  
 I stood up straight and turned to face her, stepping out of the dress that
  lay around my feet and reached up to remove my hat.  
"Leave the hat."  
This order made me feel even more foolish. I pushed my knickers down and
  stepped out of them, glad that I had shaved that morning. I walked to her,
  looking up into those dark eyes and reached to the buttons of her shirt. The
  silk felt cool beneath my fingers and, wordless, I opened each one. When I
  reached her waistband I unzipped, inexpertly, the trousers and unbuttoned the
  waist and knelt as I eased the trousers down. She touched the top of my hat
  as I knelt.  
I studied her bare legs as they were exposed. I looked up and was surprised
  to see a pair of thin, silk panties barely covering her mound. It looked full
  and round. I forced myself to look down to her feet as I slipped off her shoes
  and held the trousers so she could lift her feet from each leg. I raised my
  eyes again and saw the silk of the shirt, open now, and her breasts, small
  and firm with large, dark nipples just visible.  
I stood and took her trousers to the wardrobe and hung them. She just watched
  me. I walked back to move behind her and took the shirt from her shoulders.
  There was a moment's confusion as the cuffs caught on her hands, but this was
  quickly resolved and I stood, clutching her shirt to me. The soft silk felt
  lovely against my skin and I felt a rush of&hellip;..what? Fear? Arousal? Kate
  turned, slowly, with that smile again and I saw her near-nakedness. It made
  me conscious, so conscious, of my stockings, my suspenders, and my heels. A
  fresh blush of embarrassment assailed me and wondered inanely how I had ever
  thought my damned silly hat fetching.  
She took the shirt from me and placed it on a chair. She moved in close again
  and put her hands on my shoulders, pulling me to her. Her breasts nestled against
  mine. I gasped as she kissed me. The kiss was hard, almost brutal. I felt the
  warm silk of her panties against my thigh. Every synapse was sparked to capacity,
  every sinew taut with anticipation.  
She turned me around and pushed me up on to her bed, the covers still spread
  across it. I found myself kneeling on the bed and I felt it depress as she
  climbed up behind me. She tapped the inside of my thigh and I spread my legs,
  my arse trembling in the air, my elbows supporting me. I felt a complete slut
  as I awaited her pleasure. I had never suspected until that moment how thrilling
  I would find it to be so utterly controlled.  
2.  
Looking at Samantha on the bed, waiting for me with her ass raised and her
  head lowered submissively. I decided to keep her there awhile. I poured champagne
  and thought back pleasantly over how easily I had brought her to this state.  
I had watched her arrive, flustered and alone. I thought then she looked
  delightful, just the thing to pass the time, and, oh, that hat! An English
  dalliance. Well, after my long flight and that ghastly hotel at London airport
  I'd felt I deserved something.  
At the party downstairs, amidst "Edwardian Splendour, to quote the hotel's
  pompous publicity blurb, I'd watched her talking to a few people. She was definitely
  alone and the old gaydar had somehow picked up her vibes. Ok, bi maybe, les
  with luck, but I wondered if she was a sub. I'd decided to find out. When she'd
  headed for the bar I'd managed to get there ahead of her. She'd looked me over.
  I'd felt her eyes on me, taking in the clothes. Once I'd got the conversation
  going, I gave her the "full pull" as my girl back home calls it. Lots of touches&hellip; on
  the wrist&hellip;on the shoulder&hellip;all calculated to draw her to me. I'd
  even used the old "eye down the dress" technique, and let my approval show.
  Her skin had turned a nice shade of red then, like a freshly smacked ass and
  I knew everything was going to be just fine.  
By the time we'd got in the room, my God, was she responding. As a feeler
  I'd tried a little pain, squeezing her nipple and I nearly came from the way
  she moaned into my mouth.  
By then I'd wanted to see what I was getting, so I made some flip remark
  about getting her out of her dress and she'd simply undone the lacing down
  her front and pulled it open. Her tits were small but appealing. I'd left her
  standing there, tits out, and hung my coat. It always paid to let a submissive
  girl wait and it was a good test. She'd passed that one and when I went back
  to her and slipped her dress off, there she was, in a garter belt, French cut
  panties and that amazing fucking hat. I'd felt a real rush then and wondered
  where the hell in rural England a girl could get a strap on. Not knowing what
  British Customs were going to be like I'd left mine behind.  
When I'd had her turn around and bend to show me her ass, it had been another
  test. I'd had to be a bit more demanding before she got the picture and spread
  her ass. I'd been confident then that the ground rules were established and
  that little brown ring had begun to stir my mind.  
I took a last, tart taste of champagne and set aside the shell. All the while
  I had been replaying my conquest; I had also been taking in the sight of her
  waiting on me. The good figure, the hair tied lightly back under that fucking
  hat, that's how I would always remember her, with the fucking-hat. I decided
  she'd had enough suspense and moved for her.  
 I knelt up behind her and ran my hands down her flanks and over her ass.
  I lowered my face and kissed the base of her spine, licked it as I reached
  up under her to milk her tits. I gave her a bit more pain then and loved her
  squeal. I knew it was going to be so, so good.  
I licked between her buttocks and down to her cunt. I tongued around it,
  back up to her asshole and back to her cunt. Writhing, she started making low
  grunts and I could taste her. "Easy Kate," I thought, "Make the subby wait
  for the boss." To slow things a bit, I reluctantly left her to wait again and
  walked to the bathroom. I took a piss and washed myself. Had they never heard
  of the bidet in England? When I got back, she'd turned onto her side; the hat
  was beside her on the bed.  
"Did I say to take the hat off?"  
She looked at me and meekly put it back on. "We're getting there" I thought.  
"Did I say to stop kneeling?"  
 She went to move back, but the point was made so I stopped her and sat on
  the bed.  
"Fetch me some more champagne, Samantha. You may have some too."  
 She got off the bed and refilled our glasses. I sat with the headboard hard
  against my back and sipped. She seemed to be waiting for instructions, good
  little English girl that she was, so I let her shiver for a few minutes then
  told her to sit on the foot of the bed, facing me. Then I talked to her. I
  laid it out a little clearer for her. I told her I was staying a few days and
  would want a companion. I explained that being with me would be a learning
  curve. Was she interested? I had already established during our chat downstairs
  that her job as a teacher at the University meant she was free until the new
  term arrived. So I figured it would be just a matter of a few simple arrangements
  and I'd have free accommodation, a guide and what I hoped would be not only
  a very decent fuck, but might also be a wild power trip . I had deliberately
  timed the offer so that it followed my first assault on her naked body, it's
  so hard to refuse someone who has just licked your clitoris, don't you think?  
Before she could answer, I told her to touch her cunt, to spread her lips
  and masturbate for me as she answered. She was quicker to do that than she
  was to answer my question. Her eyes never left mine, one hand in her crotch
  and one still holding the glass. She took a deep draught of her bubbles and
  watched me over her glass and then said, "OK." Just like that, what a dream.  
3.   
I'd been in heaven. Kate had folded herself around my back and kissed and
  nibbled my neck. She'd stroked me and gripped my breasts, hurting them deliciously.
  I'd never felt so inescapably mastered and when her tongue finally landed on
  my bum I nearly came there and then, She worked me, opening my lips with her
  tongue and then lapping up to my bum. I was near being incoherent but suddenly,
  she was gone and I'd been left panting. I'd collapsed onto my side to still
  my shaking and pulled the bloody hat she seemed so fond of loose in frustration.  
 I'd heard her pee while she hummed softly in the loo and when she'd come
  back, her silk panties were gone. She'd got stern about the hat and so, feeling
  ridiculous again, I had put it back on. Well, a girl would. Wouldn't she?  
She'd sat on the bed and told me to get us both another drink. I'd done that
  and then she told me to sit at the end of the bed facing her and listen. It
  was amazing how I'd managed to appear outwardly at ease, despite my inner turmoil.  
She had a girlfriend back home, Emmy. They'd lived together for 4 years.
  Emmy knew she was not exclusive but she loved Kate in spite of this. If I wanted
  to clear my "prissy English conscience" I'd been invited to phone and ask her.
  Emmy was her submissive, she'd explained, as were all her girls. She liked
  to hurt a little, to train a girl to her ways. She usually got bored with a
  girl fairly quickly, but not always. To put it in a nutshell, Kate gave me
  a warts and all account of what I could expect if, during the days of her visit
  to England, I were to be her escort. I don't know if she used the word "escort" but
  it seemed to me to be appropriate. A short term girl; I had just re-read The
  World of Suzy Wong," so perhaps the notion was in my mind rather than hers.  
She'd had me masturbate for her. I'd done so but, but my mind wasn't on it.
  I'd been consumed with deciding whether I was going to be her whore for a while.  
Well, what else would a girl do?  
4.   
For me, that evening continued delightfully. Samantha was not a trained submissive,
  that much was obvious, but if ever there has been a more willing student, I
  had yet to find her. I didn't jump her over any extreme obstacles but I had
  her spend a great deal of time with her head between my thighs. She was good
  with her tongue and, with a little guidance, she'd become even better.  
I put an overseas call through to Emmy and had Samantha keep working on me.
  I had a most delicious climax with Emmy listening over the line. I told her
  about the little English toy I'd found and painted a picture of Samantha, face
  smeared with my cunt juice as she lapped away between my slick thighs like
  a devoted bitch. I even held the phone out and let Emmy listen to the wet sounds
  and muffled grunts. She didn't like that much I don't think but it worked for
  me and, as I explained to her, that was pretty much all that mattered. Establish
  the rules of engagement early my Daddy used to say. He was a General in the
  army and he certainly knew what he was talking about.  
Whether she liked it or not, it didn't seem to reduce her enthusiasm. Even
  when I began my assault on that little piece of darkness between her buttocks,
  there was no protest. She seemed like a natural. I spanked her ass when she
  came without permission. That embarrassed the hell out of her and caused a
  few tears but there was no harm in that. I did the gentle bit, which, oddly
  enough, I found rather easy. I held her as she sobbed, kissed her tears and
  comforted her. I told her it was what we both needed and although I don't think
  she understood the significance of what I was saying, she didn't contradict
  me...  
I got a little sleep but the night was punctuated by a couple of bouts of
  honest, old-fashioned sex. Vanilla is not my favorite flavor but it is still
  sweet on the tongue. When I got up to ease my bladder, I took her along to
  the bathroom with me. I considered having her take a drop or two of pee but
  decided against it. Too far, too fast and I might just have frightened this
  little bird away...  
My problem was that, because this was a chance encounter I hadn't really
  had the chance to devise a strategy for training her. With Emmy I had planned
  her seduction and taken a long time to break and develop her. This girl seemed
  so naturally submissive, and my kind of submissive at that, that my usual methods
  would be out of sync. As she slept with her head on my belly and her hair spread
  across me, I pondered this. Eventually, I decided to sleep on it and talk to
  her about it in the morning. I'd had her body but somewhere along the line
  I'd come to crave her soul as well. One way or another I intended to devour
  this little chick, feathers, funny, fucking hat and all.  
5.   
I awoke to the strangeness of the hotel room. Kate wasn't there, nor could
  I see any note from her. After a split second of alarm, I saw her bags and
  clothes were still there. I sagged back, knowing that she must have just gone
  out for a walk or something. Memories of the night we had shared ran through
  my mind, as I lay there in sex sodden sheets, inhaling our mingled scents.  
I had always known I was submissive, had always been the giver in any relationship.
  But I had never thought of myself as a girl who wanted pain or humiliation.
  These were things she had subjected me to though and rather than being outraged,
  I had found myself hungering for more. I had been excited by her forceful nature
  and the casual manner in which she had used my body for her pleasure.  
After I had agreed to be her short time girl, she had told me to move up
  and lie beside her. She'd spent a while whispering close in my ear, fondling
  me and telling me that she liked a girl to give of herself completely. She'd
  entered me with her fingers, curling and twisting them as she kissed my ear
  and neck. Just as I'd been on the verge of cumming she had stopped.  
"Oh no, girl." She'd said, "Orgasms are mine to permit, not yours to take."  
She'd caressed my breasts and twisted my nipples as she sucked my tongue.
  Her finger had slowly and gently entered my bum as she sucked my nipples. Then,
  in spite of her admonishment, I'd cum. What a climax it was; a shuddering,
  overwhelming, irresistible orgasm that washed over me like a wave in winter.
  I had blanked out into a sort of delicious daze; only find myself rudely shaken
  back to full awareness.  
Kate had pushed me roughly onto my front and, God help me, she'd slapped
  my arse. She'd spanked it hard and many times. As she'd done so, she spoke
  quite softly, telling me over and over, that she'd told me not to cum without
  permission. The change in her had been so startling, so frightening and the
  spanking so humiliating, that I'd cried. The blows had finally ceased and her
  harshness with it. She'd held me then, stroked me and kissed my eyes, all the
  while whispering kindnesses in my ears. Above all, she'd explained me to myself.
  As odd as it had all sounded, I'd not contradicted her assertion of my submissiveness.  
At some point, I don't know when, she'd talked to her girl back in the states.
  Told her all about me and all the while I had been both appalled and strangely
  excited. The humiliation of hearing her describe my face as being covered with
  her juice had only made me wetter!  
Through the night I had drifted in and out of sleep, having been awakened
  often by her demands for further lovemaking. At one point she'd had me kneel
  before her in the toilet as she peed. I must have looked shocked but she had
  merely stroked my face as I looked up at her and told me that intimacy was
  the key and that intimacy came in many forms. When I'd taken my turn peeing,
  she'd stood beside me and then leaned down and kissed me. I had felt, quite
  simply&hellip;loved.  
As I lay there, my thoughts came round to the moment and I knew I must stir
  but I didn't really know what to do. All my fresh clothes were in my room and
  I had no idea where Kate was. Finally, I got up to shower and wash my hair.
  Out of sheer curiosity I opened her wardrobe, feeling a little naughty for
  doing so. I touched her clothes and could not resist holding them to my naked
  body.  
I looked for and collected my own clothes from around the room. Then, at
  a loss, I lay back on the bed and mindlessly watched the telly. Then the phone
  rang. I hesitated but then picked it up.  
"Good morning," she said.  
"Hi." The relief must have been obvious in my voice.  
"I'm in the lobby and wondered if you'd like some breakfast?"  
"My clothes are in my room."  
"Is that a problem?"  
"No, I can go there and change."  
"That's fine. I have my room key so I'll see you in the dining room. Wear
  a pair of my panties"  
She rang off and I was immediately lost in a sea of confusion. Was this breakfast
  to be a cold goodbye? No, of course not, what an insecure thing I was. She
  had told me to wear a pair of her panties, so this was the beginning. The beginning
  of all she had alluded to over our long night.  
After a brief search in her drawer, I selected a pair of her panties. Dark
  blue silk, thin, soft and with a string up the back. Just stepping into them
  and pulling them over my hips aroused me amazingly. It was so intimate and "intimacy
  was the key".  
I scuttled to my own room, hoping not to meet anyone, as I was wearing yesterday's
  dress and carrying my hat! My underclothes were all in my handbag. I arrived
  without encounter and, relieved, entered my room and changed. It took me a
  few minutes, choosing what to wear, even from such a skimpy selection. I had
  expected to go home this day so I'd packed very little. I decided on the blue
  shirt-waister rather than the jeans and decided against stockings. I did a
  few repairs then hurried down to the dining room.  
She sat at a table reading a newspaper. She looked up as I sat down.  
"Hi." I smiled and she smiled back.  
"You were sleeping so soundly, I decided to take a walk."  
I should have worried that others would hear and draw the right conclusion
  from her words but it never occurred to me.  
"I wondered." Was all I said.  
She was wearing a pair of dark green trousers and a cream blouse. Her hair
  shone like silver in the sunlight that flooded through the window. I suddenly
  realized how little I knew about her. She ate heartily while I pecked at some
  fruit. She was brimming with confidence. I was a mindless wreck but happy in
  my confusion.  
"We'll go to your house today and I'll work out our agenda from there. Ok?"  
"Fine, great, thank you."  
The inane reply echoed in my head. Thank you? For God's sake, get a grip
  on yourself, Samantha, I chided myself.  
She had arrived by train so we traveled in my old, temperamental Fiesta.
  She derided it of course. American cars were, she said, bigger and faster.
  And we, I said, were not in America and this was the best that I could afford.
  That evoked one of her smiles. She had a way of changing direction, conversationally,
  without embarrassment. She might ignore a question totally or answer it so
  fully that, in the end, you had forgotten the question itself. She touched
  me often. Her fingers were sometimes as soft as kisses and at others, sharp
  as the taps of a school mistress's pointer.  
"Is there a sex shop in Plymouth?"  
"Er&hellip;."  
"Oh come on, girly, you must know."  
"Yes, but I don't imagine it's open today."  
"Fine, tomorrow then, I left my strappy at home, didn't fancy being embarrassed
  by some British Customs agent"  
My God. As offhand as this little exchange was, the certain knowledge that
  the following evening she was going to be fucking me set me to flowing.  
When we reached my house we carried the bags inside and I offered to make
  coffee. As I prepared to do so, she walked around the house as if inspecting
  it with a view to buying it. I then heard her going upstairs. I shrugged off
  a moment's resentment at her presumption and busied myself with the percolator
  and setting out my nicest cups. Then my two cats began harassing me to feed
  them and as I did so, I looked up to find she had returned and was watching
  me.  
"Just the two?"  
"Yes."  
"Fine."  
Once more I wondered at the workings of her mind?  
After we had finished our coffee, I found that she had taken her bags, and
  mine, upstairs. She had unpacked my bags into my drawers and wardrobe and placed
  hers in the little bedroom that served as my study. A grand term for a room
  with a pine table supporting a computer, a single bed and two chests of drawers.
  That bed wasn't made up so I had no idea what she planned. I was soon to learn.  
6.   
Why do the British drive such awful cars? God help me, I thought I was in
  soviet Russia. It could not have been more than four feet long and seldom reached
  40 mph. Even that seemed alarmingly fast for something that should have been
  crushed years ago.  
Her cottage was, however, delightful. Small, but very pretty. While she fussed
  around making coffee, I unpacked. Her bedroom was unfussy with an iron bedstead
  and pure white linen and little storage. I unpacked for her to give myself
  a chance to look through her things. I threw my stuff in her den. At home we'd
  have called it a walk in closet but it appeared that she worked in it too.
  Two cats had followed me. I like cats and these were ok. One watched me with
  hooded eyes as I looked her stuff over, a closet police cat.  
I found her vibrator in a drawer with her panties. It was red and small but
  the batteries were fresh. Good girl. There was also a set of ass beads. So,
  not quite the prissy English girl one might have thought!  
I followed the cats back down to her surprisingly large kitchen. I sat at
  an oak table and she served me coffee. Yes, served. She did not give me coffee,
  she served it.  
"Which panties did you choose?" She went to answer but I said, "No, show
  me."  
She lifted her dress, which showed that something had stuck, and there were
  the blue ones. I'd have bet a Buick on that.  
"Sit down, Samantha; we have some talking to do. Actually, I'll talk and
  you'll listen."  
And, with that, I proceeded to tell her what I had decided during my morning
  walk.  
"You," I said, "are submissive."  
I stood and walked around to stand behind her and placed my hands on her
  shoulders.  
"I am dominant. Think of us as two sides of the same coin. You have not clarified
  what you need in your own mind but I have."  
When she tried to say something, I placed my hand over her mouth.  
"This could be for the next two days or it might be forever, neither of us
  knows. But what I do know is this; I am going to take you deep into yourself
  and you're going to love it. Maybe you won't exactly "love" all of it, but
  you will love the package. The totality."  
I kissed the top of her head.  
"Now, get upstairs and shower. Then lay on top of your bed, face down. I'll
  be there soon."  
And she went, like a lamb to the slaughter. As I watched her ass depart,
  I felt a rush in my panties like I hadn't felt in years.  
Anyone who has never had the pleasure of seeing a girl, freshly scrubbed,
  lying naked and face down on a bed, waiting for her, has missed one of the
  finest sights in the world. I walked into that room and stood, looking at her.
  I told her to remain still and went to shower myself.  
I took my time of course. She had nice soap and shampoo and I made sure she
  was going to eat from a clean plate. I dried myself off and rubbed my hair.
  Then I walked into the room and there she lay, still on her front, her head
  turned to see me. She smiled and I smiled back. I had every reason to.  
"What did you mean about taking me deep into myself?"  
Normally I'd have told a sub not to speak until she was spoken to but this
  girl was bright and also new to the game so I decided I should let it go. She
  needed a bit of special handling. I sat beside her on the bed and placed my
  hand on her back.  
"I gave you a spanking last night, didn't I?"  
"You certainly did."  
"Why?"  
"Because I came without your permission."  
No problem with her memory then.  
"Right. You see, Samantha, this will only work for us if I am in control.
  You, have to give up control to me. You have to do that for both of us. You
  have to learn from your mistakes and accept discipline."  
She started to say something but I spoke over her.  
"If I had been wrong about you then that little spanking I gave you last
  night would have sent you running out the door, but you stayed because, whether
  you knew it or not, you needed it and liked it. My call to Emmy upset you,
  but you stayed. Together we're going to see how deep your need for submission
  is. We will start slowly. We won't rush our fences. We shall learn about each
  other, do things together. And we will fuck."  
I lowered myself to the bed and lay down beside her. I kissed her mouth and
  stroked her. She kissed me back and I turned her on to her side, facing me
  and we embraced and kissed. That gentle, loving contact felt as good as anything
  I had ever had. We made love. We didn't fuck, she made love to me and that,
  for me, was not a common experience.  
Our mouths explored each other's, tongues squirmed together. Our breasts
  pressed together. Each of us with one thigh between the other's. I broke the
  kiss and moved my head to her breast and, as she stroked my hair, I suckled
  on her. Then I drew her face to my nipple and caressed her as she returned
  the favor. Her hair fell across me as she slithered down over my belly, her
  mouth left a wet trail across me that ended where her tongue probed my navel.
  Her hair made me shiver when it ran over my pussy before her mouth took its
  place. And then she was there, covering me, opening me, spreading my lips and
  I felt her tongue lap at me, gentle, firm&hellip; wonderful. She gave me a
  long, delicious exploration and when I could tke no more, I came. I came hard,
  bucking up under her and pushing myself up to her mouth. I came long, with
  a drawn out moaning. I came wet with her lapping at my flood. God, how I came.  
Nothing was said for the longest time and then she looked up at me from between
  my thighs with an impish grin.  
"Do I get to spank you?"  
I laughed then, laughed and pulled her up to me. I hugged her and licked
  myself from her face. I held her, nibbled her and kissed her.  
It was 5 o'clock in the afternoon.  
7.   
Her demeanor brooked no argument, her voice no interruption. She wasn't discussing,
  she was explaining, telling.  
When she told me how it would be and how much I needed it, I was not, at
  first, utterly convinced. I was still, I suppose, harbouring visions of some
  mad control freak who might lash me to my bed and beat me until I bled and
  screamed and begged her to stop. But of course, I knew this wasn't Kate. Her
  words bored into me and something in some far recess of my mind tuned into
  them, like a radio listening for alien life from the furthest depths of the
  universe. The reception was poor but the truth, the undeniable truth, seemed
  to be that she saw what I had not.  
We made love on my bed. It was beautiful. We seemed to know exactly what
  the other wanted and needed and gave that. We felt lovely together. She came
  like some inexorable force was being pushed out of her, like she had been waiting
  to climax for years. Her body behaved like that of a woman in torture, writhing
  and twisting and rising as I used my mouth, tongue and hands. She tasted like
  the nectar of the Gods. I didn't cum that first time, I didn't even want to.
  Her climax was mine. As she came down from her orgasm I licked her clean, re-exploring
  every fold and crease. I drank her. I gave.  
When I joked about spanking her for cumming without permission her eyes briefly
  closed and I wondered if I had broken the spell but then she laughed. The laugh
  came from her abdomen and spread up under her small breasts and escaped from
  between her lips like an eruption, mimicking her orgasm. Then we lay together
  for a while in a glowing aftermath.  
I raided the fridge and made us a dinner of pork tenderloin in a cream and
  mushroom sauce with some wild rice and mushrooms. I had some cold white wine,
  crisp and dry from New Zealand and we drank most of the bottle. I found some
  ice cream. We had coffee and some brandy that was left over from Christmas.  
I wore pajamas and she my black, silk dressing gown. As we ate, we talked
  and touched. I learned of her past and more of her way of life. I listened,
  rapt. I answered her questions and, by eleven, I knew much more about her and
  had revealed myself in return.  
We showered together. Washed and dried each other and then we went to bed
  and made love again. This time it was I who lay, legs spread, as she probed
  me, her fingers and mouth everywhere, no holes barred. I moaned and begged
  but she looked up at me and merely shook her head and resumed my torment. She
  looked up again, eons later, smiled and nodded as her fingers crossed inside
  me and her thumb rubbed my clitoris. Then it was my turn and it seemed to take
  an age to arrive, welling up from somewhere inside me and overflowing like
  lava from a volcano, with aftershocks that shook me long after she had moved
  to lie with me in the crook of her arm and my head on her shoulder.  
Why, I asked myself, was she never there when I woke up? So, I thought, flopping
  my head back on the pillow, not some crazy then. Just a woman, but a woman
  who was capable of giving and taking the most amazing pleasure. I got up and
  pulled my dressing gown on and went downstairs. She was sitting on my sofa,
  reading the paper. She looked up at me and smiled,  
"Good morning, Sweetie."  
I bent to kiss her and she touched my face.  
"Breakfast?" I asked.  
"Oh God, yes, I'm starving."  
Nothing left in the fridge, of course, except eggs. I scrambled four and
  served them on toast with some fresh parsley. I had orange juice and made fresh
  coffee. She ate, as she always seemed to, heartily.  
"And now, my love&hellip;"  
She called me my love, it was the first time and she'd said it slowly so
  that I would notice it.  
"And now, we are going shopping."  
The "we" was definitely emphasized. And so, shopping we went.  
Before we left she chose my clothes for me. She went through my wardrobe
  and drawers and it seemed utterly natural. I usually hate people touching my
  things but I loved sitting on the bed and watching her examine and hold up
  my clothes. She settled on a red skirt and a white blouse. She had me wear
  another pair of her panties and, in view of the weather; she decided I was
  to be bare legged. A pair of tan sandals completed her choices.  
I dressed and went downstairs to wait for her. She took her time and joined
  me looking delicious in another pair of slacks, cream this time, and a thin-knit,
  black vest that seemed to have drawn her nipples out further than I could.
  The black of her vest contrasted with her hair vividly. She was gorgeous. We
  got in the car and drove to town.  
8.  
God, but that car was a trial! We drove into a nearby town which Samantha
  said was where she worked, poor thing. We parked and walked. The streets were
  rather depressing but we enjoyed the warm sun.  
The fetish shop was surprisingly good though, and the salesgirl was friendly
  and helpful. Some of my purchases required Samantha's presence, others, well;
  they were to be a surprise. I bought a strap-on and enjoyed seeing Samantha's
  face turn damn near the same colour as her scarlet skirt as I casually discussed
  its size both with her and the young girl serving. I chose a slim one, because
  Samantha wasn't big and also it would do for her ass, although I decided not
  to share this information with her just yet. It had a delightful little extension
  that curled down to fit into the wearer and it fit perfectly in the soft leather
  strap I selected. I bought a few items of clothing for both of us then told
  her to go to a caf&eacute; we'd passed and wait for me. She hesitated and I
  decided it was time to turn up the heat a little. Loud enough for the assistant
  could hear, I said,  
"Don't disobey me or question me, Samantha. I told you to go to the caf&eacute;."  
She left and the assistant gave me a conspiratorial smile. Clearly, at least
  some of the English are less backward than others.  
The assistant's name was Gill. She was pretty enough and had a good grasp
  of her stock. I left burdened with few bags but with my Amex card lightened
  by several hundred bucks. I wandered around the corner to the caf&eacute;.
  There she sat, looking a little annoyed. I wafted over to her and gave her
  a big kiss, ignoring her mood.  
"I'll have a latte." I said.  
She ordered it as I sat down.  
"Why did you send me away?"  
"Because, I didn't want you there."  
"Why not?"  
"Now listen, honey, I don't have to explain, I just have to tell you. Understood?"  
She didn't like that too much and I knew that I had to take this stage carefully.
  She might be submissive but she was neither stupid nor was she entirely ready
  to trust me. Fair enough, we'd only known each other a couple days.  
"I'll explain when we get home. Is there a 'Victoria's Secret' in town?"  
There was not but she showed me a shop that sold some pretty good lingerie
  and so, a few more dollars spent, we returned to her home. She was still a
  little sullen. I didn't care for that a bit but I decided to bide my time.
  Good things come to those who wait!  
We walked in the door and I let her close and lock it and then had her carry
  the bags to her den.  
"No looking, Sweetie, a surprise is a surprise and you'll get to see when
  I want you to."  
She stomped upstairs and I decided it was definitely time for another lesson.
  When she came down again, I was sitting at her kitchen table.  
"Sit down."  
 She did.  
 "I will not tolerate your behaviour. I will not accept sullenness or disobedience."  
She went to speak but I stilled her with a raised hand. I stared into her
  eyes and watched her inner struggle, I held her gaze and when she started to
  lower her eyes from mine I lifted her chin, quite roughly, and made her look
  at me.  
 "Do you remember what happened when you came without my permission?"  
A nod.  
"Say it."  
"You spanked my bottom."  
 "Your bottom? I gave your ass a good beating, right?"  
"Yes, Kate."  
I watched her. The fight inside her was still going on.  
"I'm going to do it again. But, this time, you're going to ask me to."  
She said nothing. I got up from the table, left her and went to sit in the
  sitting room and turned on the TV, which in England isn't much better than
  their cars. She brought me a glass of wine and went to speak but I smiled sweetly,
  took the glass and ignored her. She retreated to the kitchen. Several times
  she invited me to speak with small smiles but I gave her the silent treatment.
  Finally, I heard her almost whisper from the doorway,  
"Kate?"  
I kept my eyes glued to the TV.  
"Kate?"  
This time I looked at her and nodded.  
"Please?"  
"Please what?"  
"You know what."  
"Maybe, but you have to say the words, sweetie."  
She couldn't. She tried I think but they just wouldn't come out of her mouth.
  But then I watched her and she seemed to gather her strength and straighten.  
"Please, Kate, spank me."  
"Why?"  
A long silence and another struggle, like watching two wrestlers circle each
  other, except in this case both combatants were inside one lovely body.  
"Because I was disobedient."  
"And?"  
"And because of my attitude."  
She was on the verge of tears. I, however, I was on the verge of flooding
  a pair of good, silk panties. To see this proper little English girl abase
  herself like this for me was a huge turn on. I tried to keep the satisfaction
  and elation from my face.  
"I can't spank you while you're standing there now, can I?"  
She came to me. I looked up at her and said,  
"I will explain this. Once."  
Smiling, I stood and led her to a soft armchair.  
"You will always take off your panties, bend over the back of the chair and
  flip your skirt up so I can have a good, clean shot. You will keep your legs
  a good distance apart. You will accept my hand, or whatever else I decide to
  use without complaint. You will thank me. Do you understand?"  
She nodded.  
"Say it."  
"I understand."  
"Good, then do it."  
And she did. She slipped off my panties, bent, lifted her skirt and settled
  herself with her legs spread. I walked around her, my hand and nails tracing
  her curves. I walked in front of her and stroked her hair. I knelt down beside
  her and kissed her. I licked the hint of a tear from her eye.  
"Stay there, Samantha."  
9.   
I know I had been a bit sullen but, God, the way she had dismissed me from
  the shop was bloody rude. For the rest of the afternoon she'd acted as if nothing
  had happened, chatting cheerfully and holding my arm or my hand as she breezed
  through the shops laying out vast sums on her credit card. Once we had got
  home though it was apparent that she was still very displeased. She told me
  I had to ask to be spanked! Ask? I nearly told her to get stuffed but something
  inside stopped me. She left me and I sat, miserable and aching. 'So, Sammy,'
  I asked myself, 'what do you want?' I took her a glass of wine and wanted to
  talk about it but she was cold and dismissive.  
It seemed that she had made up her mind to keep me in Coventry until I gave
  in. So in the end, I did what any intelligent girl with a firm grip on reality
  and no nonsense approach to life would have done&hellip; I asked her spank
  me. I knew what she was doing. I understood perfectly and I knew that I could
  accept it or lose her. Lose her? That was a void that I just couldn't descend
  into.  
So there I was, bent over my chair with my knickers, or rather hers, off
  and my skirt hitched up over my back. My legs were spread and I felt utterly
  wretched. She left me and went upstairs. I heard her return and started to
  turn to look but she said,  
 "Close your eyes. Keep them tight shut. I trust you to do that for me."  
I kept them closed. I felt her stroking between my legs, rubbing me with
  that same gentleness she had used before. She opened me and I felt something
  cool and hard at my entrance where her finger had been. I felt a delicious
  separation as something, the strap on, I guessed, slipped into me. I was right
  and I felt it push into me until her legs touched me and the warmth of her
  body against me made me moan.  
Then she spanked me. She used her hand and it hurt. She spanked me in time
  to her movements in and out of me. As her thrusts got faster, so did her beating.
  I moaned loudly and started to cry. Her hand stopped but her pelvis didn't,
  and the heat in my buttocks somehow became one with the heat at my core. I
  started to writhe, to squirm under her and she caressed me, speaking softly,
  telling me to wait, hold on for her. She bent herself over me, her breasts
  hard against my back. She pumped me, reaching under me to squeeze my nipples.
  I was so close but she kept saying,  
"No, no, no."  
Then, just as I feared I could no longer hold it, she said,  
"Cum with me, darling."  
I felt a rush like no other, I felt it radiate from her dildo outward and
  through me. I shook my head and screamed into the chair and, as we both climaxed
  she hit my arse again, really hard and pain and pleasure were indivisible.  
We lay, coupled, over the back of the chair. I could feel her body moving
  as she drew in air. Silence. Then she stirred and I felt that delicious sensation
  caused by her slow withdrawal. So very slow, it felt like some part of me was
  being drawn out with it.  
"Open your eyes."  
I had kept them tight shut throughout although it had been entirely unconscious.
  I opened them and lifted my head to see her, standing in front of me, the dildo
  poking from her groin and held in place by that leather harness that cupped
  her mons and had a ridge running down between her legs.  
"I think, perhaps, you have forgotten something?"  
I looked at her bewildered for a moment and then said,  
"Thank you, Kate."  
She smiled that gorgeous smile and leaned down to kiss me. She held my face
  in her hands and kissed me, softly probing me with her tongue. She gently sucked
  at my lips as she released them.  
"Do you understand now?"  
I thought about this and then answered her truthfully.  
"Actually, no."  
"Then why did you ask me to spank you?"  
"Because there was nothing else to do."  
"Good girl. Shall we have some English tea? Or do you have any more of that
  lovely wine?"  
10.   
We sat in silence, side by side, as we sipped our wine. I held her hand occasionally
  and once turned to kiss her cheek. 'Let her confusion grow.' I thought to myself.
  My heart had been in my mouth as I had sat there alone waiting for her to come
  and ask for her spanking. I was afraid she might not ask and I'd have had to
  leave. I had even wondered when I went upstairs to get the dildo if I would
  come down to find her still bent over and waiting.  
I had stripped off and curled the dildo into myself and tightened the straps.
  I'd been naked and my nipples hard. I was wet and running with anticipation
  when I'd got back down to her. Seeing her as I'd left her, I knew the battle,
  if not the war, was won. Daddy would have been proud of me. I could almost
  feel her tension through the caresses I gave her before I entered her. When,
  at last, buried inside her, I'd hit that beautiful butt, the shock, the pain
  and the pleasure must have crossed all her wiring. It did mine. When I let
  her cum, it coincided so perfectly with mine. That final slap was not a punishment.
  I just needed to hurt her, so that pain and pleasure were associated for her.
  Not a conscious decision, just the right thing to do.  
I enjoyed reliving it as we sat there, me naked and she in her red skirt
  and white blouse. Then I leaned close to her ear and whispered.  
"Clean it for me."  
I indicated the dildo, now lying on the arm of the sofa. She took it and
  licked it, starting with the part that had been in me. Her eyes were locked
  on mine, glistening. She lapped at the part that had been in her. I fingered
  myself as I watched her. This was just too good. I came again in seconds and
  as I did so, she took my hand from between my thighs and gently licked my fingers,
  spreading them and licking the webbing between them, sucking them, taking my
  essence from them.  
"Am I a slut?" she asked.  
"Well, I guess you are, Sweetie."  
"Good." She said, snuggling alongside me.  
I knew that she was confused. That for her, coming to terms with her submissive
  nature was as hard as it had been for her to understand the fact that she was
  a lesbian. For me, until now, the fun had been in driving a girl to submit.
  It was a matter of drawing it out of her, showing her what lay within. Samantha's
  compliance was tinged with so much affection though that I found myself personalizing
  her. 'Get a hold of yourself, Kate,' I thought. 'This is just another girl.
  Another lay. Another notch on the bedpost.' Somehow, I wasn't entirely convinced.  
She cooked for us again that evening. It was good; she sure knew her way
  around a kitchen. I showered, dressed in a black, silk robe, drank wine and
  watched TV while she cooked, but my mind wasn't on it.  
I was beginning to feel that I had to move things along quickly, make my
  strike. Daddy the General had also been a fisherman and he often talked about
  striking to catch a fish. I thought my options through carefully. She was obviously
  willing, bright and interested. She wanted me as a lover. She was prepared
  to give. The question was, how much? I could not just ask because of course,
  she wouldn't know the answer. We were going to have to explore together, reach
  into her and see what was there.  
And anyway, what did I want? Was she just going to be a delightful memory?
  My English dalliance? I had thought so at first but when she had finally asked
  me to spank her, my heart had melted. It melted again when she thanked me.  
Over dinner, she asked me what I'd like to do the next day.  
"Do you like to walk?"  
"I love to."  
"Well, we could go up onto the cliffs and walk if it's nice. It's lovely
  up there and I'd love to show you."  
"Deal," I said.  
She tidied up after the meal; she wouldn't have let me help her if I had
  offered, so I didn't offer. My panties that she'd worn were still on the floor
  by the chair, like a talisman. I scooped them up and held them to my face.
  Delicious. She came in from the kitchen and saw me holding them.  
"Come here."  
She came to me and I lifted her skirt and rubbed the silk gently over her.  
"You need to learn more, Pet. Do you want me to teach you?"  
 "Yes, yes please." She nodded  
"I am going to teach you about giving yourself. It will not be easy. You
  will suffer for your need, and mine. Are you ready for that?"  
"I don't know."  
"Are you ready to try?"  
"Yes. I'll try."  
"Good girl."  
I held her, tight against me. I kissed her eyes and knew I was going to have
  to hurt her a little. For the first time in my life I was scared.  
11.   
I'd gone upstairs as she had told me to. I showered and changed and when
  I came out of the bathroom she was standing in the bedroom. I gasped, or at
  least I think I did. She smiled.  
Kate was wearing the long black silk nightdress she had bought earlier that
  day. It had no back, just thin straps that rolled down her shoulder blades.
  The front was scooped and fell beautifully over her body. Her nearly white
  hair was shining in the light of my candles.  
She handed me a pair of panties and told me to put them on. I must have gaped
  when I discovered they were crotchless. She smiled.  
"I thought you said it was good that you were a slut?"  
 "Well, yes, but&hellip;&hellip;"  
"No buts, Sweetie. Sluts wear things like that for their Mistress."  
My Mistress. Was that what she was? Was that what I wanted? God, what was
  I doing? She went to one of the bags from the fetish shop and, with her back
  to me, she delved into it.  
"Turn round."  
I turned my back on her and felt her move to me. She took my right arm in
  her hand and, as I looked down, I saw her fit a leather cuff around my wrist.
  I lifted it to my face as she repeated the operation with my left wrist. 'Oh
  God, is this the crazy moment? Is it now I am left, tied to my bed with my
  throat slit?' Why did the thought seem so ridiculous and why did my mind not
  rebel?  
She fitted similar things to my ankles. As she stood, her hands ran up my
  legs and moved around in front of me.  
"How do they feel?"  
"Comfy."  
She lifted an eyebrow as if to say that was not exactly what she had in mind
  but smiled anyway and sat down on the bed.  
"I saw that you have some beads."  
I didn't know she'd seen them but I couldn't say I cared much.  
"Fetch them."  
I went to my drawer and got them out. I thought to myself that two days earlier
  I would have died if anyone knew about them apart from my ex-girlfriend who'd
  bought them as a joke.  
I returned and handed them to her and she examined them slowly. There were
  five of them, small and yellow and connected to each other by a yellow cord
  made of some tough material. The cord extended beyond the last bead for a good
  way, thus, I suspected, avoiding embarrassing losses. She put them on the bedside
  table. My eyes followed her hand as she reached into one of the bags from our
  shopping trip.  
"A gag for my pet." she smiled and held up a red ball with straps coming
  from it, "You like?"  
"What's it for?"  
"What is a gag always for, silly girl? Don't want you frightening the neighbours
  now, do we?"  
This was another moment for me. She stood a distance away from me, holding
  the gag thing, stroking it and rolling it in her hands. She looked at me and
  said,  
"Show me."  
I didn't need to ask. I turned and bent and spread my cheeks again. I heard
  what sounded like a small moan and then she came to stand in front of me. She
  touched my face with one hand while with her other she touched the ball to
  her pussy. She rubbed herself with it and then, pulled it away and held it
  so I could see her wetness on it.  
"Stand up straight and open your mouth."  
I did and she pressed the ball into my mouth and tied it in place.  
It wasn't large. It was soft and tasted of her. I was fairly comfortable
  with it there. I'd played at a few things with my ex. She had once tied me
  to the headboard and we'd nearly died giggling although I was sure it had done
  a lot more for me than it had for her. I felt like giggling again but this
  wasn't a giggling moment. She was acting like a priestess in some sacred ritual,
  serious and deliberate. I felt that, somehow, this was a pivotal instant but
  I wasn't sure why. The word "Mistress" kept ringing in my mind like a familiar
  sound that for some reason I could not identify. I was trying to make sense
  of it all when her body closed against my back. The silk was cool and soft.
  It stroked my bum and legs. I could feel her nipples pressed against me.  
Her hands came around and she held me with them resting lightly on my stomach.
  Her mouth was close to my ear and I felt her warm breath on me. Her voice was
  low and almost hypnotic.  
"I won't harm you but this may hurt. You will cum with me inside you. You
  will find a bit more of yourself tonight. Are you ready?"  
I nodded. Her hand went between our bodies and invaded that slit in the panties.
  She fingered me slowly and said,  
"Mmm &hellip;.what a slippery girl."  
Her finger entered me, deep and curving. Her mouth closed on my neck and
  she sucked my skin. A hand travelled up my body and cupped my breast. All so
  slow, so careful, so wonderful.  
On one level I was asking myself what I was doing. I was gagged, wearing
  whore's panties and cuffed at ankle and wrist. On another level I was lost
  in a confusion of lust. But it didn't feel kinky. It didn't feel wrong. It
  felt right and it felt like me. Kate's finger was working its magic. All thoughts
  began to turn to my centre. I pressed down into the palm of her hand.  
"Take care, Pet."  
I knew what she meant. I was not to cum until she allowed it, but how could
  I ask to be allowed a release?  
"Tonight you get to learn a little more about me and about you too. We're
  going to explore you a little, for my pleasure. I am going to hurt you. If
  I hurt you more than you can bear, hold your fingers up in a v sign, understood?"  
I turned my head to look at her, a thousand questions in my mind. But when
  I saw her face, I merely nodded. Her hands slipped away from me. The next moments
  were a blur. She pushed me onto the bed. She had me kneel there. She fitted
  something between the cuffs at my ankles so I couldn't close my legs and she
  clipped the cuffs at my wrists to the bedstead.  
I could move my head and watched as she sat beside me on the bed and arranged
  her nightdress so it was covering her legs, then she moved to roll beside me
  so that her mouth was at my ear. She stroked my hair behind my ear.  
12.   
God, but she looked good. That gag was like a plum in her mouth and I thought
  of that expression about Brits talking like they had one there. Well, this
  girl wasn't doing any talking. I was wet, as wet as I had ever been. My nipples
  were on fire and my cunt was singing for the homeland. I whispered in her ear.  
"This time, you can cum anytime you want, Sweetie. I'm going to enjoy you
  my way. I'm going to teach you how a little pain lifts pleasure beyond your
  experience. Do your best for me Sweetie."  
I stroked her naked back, my nails running down her skin. I scratched her
  gently. I touched her everywhere except between her legs or on her tits. I
  took it slowly. I reached over and took the beads from the side table and,
  as she watched, I slowly lifted my nightdress and spread my legs, grinning.  
"Mother Nature's own variety of lube, Pet."  
I slipped the beads into myself. I left them there to marinate and stroked
  myself. I was close, but will power prevented me from loosing off yet. Finally,
  I slipped the beads out and gently eased two into her anus, leaving the rest
  hanging out. I stroked her between the lips of her cunt. She moaned into the
  gag. God, but she looked good with that plum in her mouth. I was inclined to
  go and get her silly, fucking white hat but decided I had to get on with this.  
I got off the bed and went once more to my bag of goodies. Concealing them
  from her, I selected the clamps. They were the screw down type, no need to
  hurt her more than she could bear, though I hoped that was going to be a fair
  bit. I took her right nipple between my fingers and rolled it, squeezing it
  and pulling it. I stretched it and then fitted the clamp securely. Another
  moan. I repeated the operation with the left nipple. Her head shook a little
  but her fingers remained together. I whispered encouragement when I tightened
  it and loved the way the chain hung between them.  
"Scared, Sweetie?"  
This brought a nod.  
"You look delicious."  
The beads hung between her cheeks. The chain hung from her nipples. Her mouth
  was clamped around the ball, her ass high and exposed. I pushed another bead
  into her.  
Then I kissed her ass. I kissed it, licked it and ran my tongue over the
  beads, down under them to her lips. I kissed her there too. I sucked her lips.
  I probed her with my tongue then reached under her and started to gently pull
  the chain. I slipped a finger into her and curled it up as I pulled harder.
  A second finger entered her. She was writhing on my hand as I pulled the chain
  harder, then I let it go and started to swat her ass. I hit her, harder and
  harder, my fingers deep inside her, spreading and crossing. Her head was bent
  back and up. She shook it with silent pleading but still her fingers remained
  together. I watched her eyes fill then overflow and my cunt flowed with them,
  my fluids breaking through my muscles to flood down my thighs as we came together.
  The tears did it, every time. A strangled moan cam from her and her climax
  came as mine did. I pulled a bead out and she jerked. She was sobbing and cumming.
  That worked for me every time as well and another wave washed over me...  
A little later I took the spreader from between her ankles, unclipped her
  wrists and held her to me. She pressed her face into me and her body heaved
  and it was difficult to tell if she was sobbing or having post-orgasmic spasms.
  I kissed her hair and stroked it. I rolled her onto her back and kissed her
  face. I fingered the ball. I reached down and gently palmed her cunt.  
And then, it happened. She looked up at me, opened her eyes and nodded. Her
  eyes were smiling and I knew I was in love. Love? What did I know of love?
  I stopped, dead in my tracks. I looked down at her and watched puzzlement cloud
  her eyes as she sensed my turmoil.  
I undid the gag and eased it from her.  
"What's wrong?" She asked.  
I paused only the briefest moment.  
"Wrong? What could possibly be wrong, Sweetie?"  
I smothered any reply. I kissed her mouth. I sucked her tongue.  
An English Dalliance (Cont'd)   
13.   
 If I had been confused before, I did not know how to describe my feelings
  as I clung to her, my face pressed against her shoulder, crying. I had no idea
  why I was sobbing. I wanted to understand what was happening to me, how I could
  behave as I was. At the same time, under all the confusion, I felt serenity.
  She had hurt me but never once had I felt it any cruelty behind the pain. It
  was a part of Kate and she had made it a part of me. How she had been so certain
  I would accept it was beyond me. She knew though and she was, as she had said,
  taking me inside myself with her.  
 When I finally looked up at her there was a sudden change in her demeanour.
  Her face seemed to reflect my confusion momentarily. As she undid the gag,
  I feared for a moment that the spell was broken. I asked her what was wrong,
  fear striking deep in my belly. But she kissed me&hellip; a long, slow, gentle
  kiss that drew my tongue into her mouth. She pulled away at last.  
"Wrong? What could possibly be wrong?"  
She smiled that wonderful smile that seemed to lift my spirits every time
  I saw it. We lay there together for some considerable time, side by side quietly.
  Bits of our bodies came together and moved apart giving our silence a rhythm.
  At length she seemed to come to a decision.  
"I want this to grow."  
"What do you mean?"  
"I don't know exactly. I just want it to grow."  
 Then she laughed gaily and pointed to the beads still tucked between my
  legs.  
 "I think perhaps we should remove them and have a shower."  
 She kissed me and undid the cuffs. She got out of bed and slipped off her
  nightdress. She beckoned me up and led me to the bathroom. She bent me over
  in the shower and gently stroked my bum as she slipped the beads out, one finger
  lightly touching my clitoris. Then she slapped me playfully and turned the
  shower on without warning. The initial burst of water was cold and I squealed
  but she laughed and crowded me under it. We stood together as the water heated,
  hugging each other with my face resting on her breasts. We washed each other,
  slowly and intimately. It was a gentle, loving exchange.  
I slept well that night. I awoke alone. Kate, up as ever before me, was gone.
  Nude, I got up and checked her room. Her things were still there and touching
  them reassured me but it bothered me having no idea where she might be. After
  a few hours I became very concerned. My car keys were still on the hook in
  the kitchen and I could not imagine what was keeping her away so long.  
I ran to the phone when it rang.  
"Hi, Sweetie. You ok?"  
"Oh God, Kate, where are you? I've been frantic."  
"Oh, just walking and stuff. Stay calm, Sweetie, its no big deal. I got us
  a new car. I'll be back in a while." I heard her laughing as she hung up.  
 I busied myself doing a few chores. I washed her nighty and hung it out
  to catch the warm air and the smell of the countryside. I prepared some food
  for the evening and cleaned and hoovered all around. It nearing noon when I
  heard her burst through the door with her usual energy. She kissed me and lifted
  my skirt. She found a pair of her panties covering me.  
 "Hmmm. Good choice."  
She dropped my skirt to take me by the hand and lead me outside. A huge,
  silver Mercedes was parked outside the house.  
 "Ta-daaaa!" She said opening the passenger door. "Get in, Sweetie. We're
  going for a ride."  
 I laughed at her enthusiasm and got in the car. She positively skipped around
  to the driver's door and joined me.  
 "Like it? I decided that old thing of yours was likely to kill us so I hired
  this. Oh&hellip;and I have extended my stay for a while."  
 She roared off, initially up the wrong side of the street before catching
  herself and swerving back to the left. Her left hand rested on my knee as we
  drove. She asked for a scenic drive and I gave her directions when I could
  find breath to speak, her driving scared me so. Finally, and to my relief,
  we arrived safely at a car park high on Dartmoor. It was deserted despite the
  good weather and we stood in the sun enjoying a panoramic view across the rugged
  countryside.  
"You haven't asked?" She said suddenly.  
"Asked what?"  
"How come I extended my stay."  
"Oh, I didn't really have a chance." 
    
"Crappy driver, aren't I? Still we're here in one piece so it wasn't that
  bad." She laughed and artlessly opened her light coat to reveal an almost perfectly
  transparent black blouse. "Look, Sweetie, I decided I wanted to stay with you
  for a while longer. Is that OK?"  
Now, what was a girl supposed to say? Of course it was OK.  
"You see, Sam, I decided I sort of like you. Rather a lot actually.  
 I opened my mouth but she shushed me.  
"I want to see if I can decide what's happening here. Get me?"  
 I nodded and waited for her to continue.  
"My business is all under control and Emmy is cool, so there's no need to
  rush back home and&hellip; well I like it here. You cool with that?"  
"Cool? No."  
She stepped back and looked at me, her face clouding.  
"No?"  
"No."  
She didn't show any feeling but I sensed disappointment. Not wanting to overplay
  my teasing, I smiled widely at her.  
 "Ecstatic, actually."  
 What ensued was not a kiss&hellip; it was a brutal assault. She threw herself
  at me, laughing and almost lifted me off the ground in her embrace. When she
  finally released me, she sat on the bonnet of the car and looked out at the
  view.  
"A dear friend of mine once told me that love does not mix well with dominant
  and submissive relationships. I may just prove her wrong, Sweetie." She mused
  aloud.  
 Was that what our relationship was? Well, yes, I supposed it was, although
  I had not characterised it as such. Dominant&hellip;submissive&hellip;love?
  The words swirled in my mind.  
 "Let's walk."  
 She took a large bag from the boot and marched off leaving me to follow
  her on the rough track in entirely unsuitable shoes. She had on Timberland
  boots under her cream trousers and my attempt to keep up with her was pitiful.
  Finally she glanced back at me.  
"Take the pumps off, girly, before you bust your ankles."  
 That laugh again. We came to a stream, a ribbon of copper in the midday
  sun. The spot seemed to please her. She opened the bag and threw a blanket
  on the grass, sat and proceeded to pull out wine, cheese, bread, butter, p&acirc;t&eacute;,
  plates, knives and glasses. I sat and we ate and drank with little conversation.
  She ate, as ever, heartily and this time so did I. As I finished my last bite
  of p&acirc;t&eacute;, she dabbed the corner of my mouth with her handkerchief.  
"Look&hellip; I don't know if what I feel is love. To be honest I don't know
  if I even know what love is. What I do know is that you've gotten to me and
  I need to work it out. You ever been in love?"  
 Now there was a question. I didn't know, I thought that I had but what this
  woman aroused in me was completely different from anything I'd ever felt before.
  She did not wait for an answer.  
 "Problem is, Sweetie, I don't know what I feel but going home yet is simply
  not an option."  
 We finished the wine. I made to gather our litter but she kissed me then,
  pushing me down onto the blanket and running her hand over my blouse and up
  under my skirt. She bit my lip, opened my blouse and sucked and bit my nipples,
  she pressed herself to me. I reached to open her trousers but she pushed my
  hand away.  
"Not here, Sweetie, people might see." She laughed and started to pack away
  the remains of our picnic herself. I went to re-button my blouse but she shook
  her head.  
 "Not yet."  
We walked back to the car with my breasts open to the cool breeze and my
  nipples like thimbles. Occasionally she'd lean to kiss them or her hand would
  slip under my skirt and rest with a thumb in the elastic of my borrowed panties,
  my skirt rucked up on her arm.  
 Once more she unnerved me on the drive home. As she swerved into my village,
  she suddenly looked at me.  
"For Chrissake, Sweetie, cover up! My neighbours are a conservative bunch."  
 She roared with laughter. I had quite forgotten that I was so exposed. Her
  neighbours?  
14   
 So, I'd gotten that off my chest. The little bitch had toyed with me for
  a moment but that word, 'ecstatic' had been music and I drove her home with
  a light heart. We pulled up outside her cottage and went inside. The police
  cat looked up at me and closed his eyes. Acceptance?  
 I was going to need a few more things to wear so I told her I was going
  out shopping and wanted to be alone. Confusion covered her face, so I kissed
  her.  
"Don't worry, little girl. I'll be back."  
 I went to a small nearby town where, I had read on the net, there were some
  decent stores and spent a couple hours buying new clothes. I bought a cell
  phone and some earrings. As I bought them, I thought maybe a little jewellery
  for my girl would be a good idea, but not this type of jewellery. I wondered
  where in rural England I might find a piercing parlour. I drove back to her
  cottage, the trunk full of my purchases.  
 I was concerned, I admit. Was this 'love? If not&hellip; what was it? Was
  I simply intoxicated with the game of helping her to realise her submissiveness?
  God alone knew. Whatever it was, it was different than any of my past affairs.
  My friend, Erica, had said that a Domme's relationship with her girl did not
  accommodate love. She was a dominant woman, brilliant, artistic and knowledgeable.
  I had, hitherto, respected her long experience in the lifestyle and accepted
  her judgements. But this time I was wondering why. Why could I not love Sam
  and still dominate her? Time would tell if I loved her and if it proved so&hellip;time
  would tell if she and I were the exception to Erica's rule.  
 I called to her. The cottage was empty, aside from the cats. I picked up
  the big police cat and held him close. He purred.  
"Where is she?" I whispered in its ear. "Christ, Kate, what's happening to
  you?" I said aloud, setting the cat down quickly.  
 I busied myself, unpacking and hanging my new clothes. I took a shower and
  put on a new pair of pants I'd bought. They were of beautiful blue silk and
  I loved the way they hung. They felt good too.  
 An hour or so later, I heard the door. She came in, with her hair, long
  and wet. It was straggled around her face. Her eye makeup was smeared.  
 "Where have you been?"  
"I went to walk and think."  
"Think what?"  
"About you."  
"And?"  
"I don't know what D and s means"  
"Domination and submission."  
"I know that. I just don't know what it means for us."  
"It means I dominate and you submit."  
 Her eyes remained uncertain but she nodded.  
"Don't worry, Sweetie, you'll get the hang of it."  
 I held her to me for a moment.  
"I like your trousers."  
"Yeah, I found them is this wonderful little boutique. Marjorie's. You know
  it?"  
"Who doesn't around here, but you're the first person I know who can afford
  to shop there."  
"Until you've shopped on Rodeo, you don't know what expensive is, Hon." I
  laughed. Then I asked her quietly, "Why did you go out and why have you been
  crying?"  
 She was silent, then pulled away from me and sat in the armchair. The one
  over which she had bent for me the other evening. She picked up the police
  cat and held him against her breast. His almost-closed eyes held me as she
  stroked him. I sat on the arm of a sofa and waited.  
"I always walk when I really want to think. It helps. I cried&hellip;well,
  I cried because I'm so utterly confused."  
 I went to speak but she spoke over me. Now normally, that would be a 'no
  no' but in this case, I felt that we were at a serious point and I bided my
  time.  
"Who am I, Kate? What am I?"  
I remained silent.  
"I'm a lesbian. I have been forever. I thought I understood myself but you've
  found someone new inside me and shown her to me."  
The words spilled from her.  
"I thought all this&hellip;. This D and s stuff was fantasy&hellip;kinky
  games. I never considered myself being a part of it. I never, never in my wildest
  dreams imagined it was for me. I am a teacher at a good university. I do research.
  I am rational&hellip;logical. I am gay, yes, but not kinky."  
She looked up at me, imploring me to cast some light for her. So I did.  
15   
 She lifted Rabelais from my arms and gently placed him on the floor. She
  took my hand and led me upstairs without a word. She had me sit on the bed
  and then she took the gag from her bag and held it to my mouth. I opened and
  she pushed it gently in but did not secure it with its straps.  
"No talking, Sweetie."  
 She sat next to me on the bed.  
"Sure, some of it is about kinky games. I like them&hellip;enjoy them and
  they make for great sex. So, that's the superficial stuff. Deeper, well, it's
  about real psychology and I'm no psychologist. But, I do know this&hellip;I'm
  not capable of having a relationship in which there is equality and either
  are you. Not a real relationship. Oh, I'm sure you've had important relationships
  but the real you was not present. I guess you're finding this confusing in
  part because it's changing your view of yourself. So you have a couple choices&hellip;You
  can go with it and maybe find yourself and happiness&hellip;or you can tell
  me to get the hell out and wonder, for the rest of your life, whether this
  was your one real chance."  
I paused and watched her eyes.  
"I think you've already decided."  
 She nodded slowly.  
"OK. No more introspection, Sweetie. Let's just get on with being us and
  see where it goes. Now, get those clothes off and get your ass into the bathroom.
  We are going out this evening and I need to get you ready."  
 I sat on the bed and watched her strip. I loved the way her mouth spread
  around the ball and I loved her nipples at rest&hellip; small and light brown.
  I adored her mound, shaved smooth and neat. Her cunt lips, when not excited,
  seemed to close to a crease and I enjoyed watching her open like a flower when
  I made love to her. She turned to go the bathroom and I stood and stripped
  too. After retrieving one of my purchases, I followed her. I had her sit on
  the toilet and watch, still with that delicious ball in her mouth, as I prepared
  her first enema. Her eyes widened as she saw the tubing. The look of inquiry
  on her face and the way her hands clasped and unclasped in her lap made me
  wet. I gave her occasional glimpses of my wetness and, once, took her hand
  and wiped her fingers up between my legs. I wanted her to know this was doing
  it for me so she'd give. I spread a towel on the floor.  
"Lie on your side, Hon, and show me."  
 She lay down and pulled her ass cheeks apart. I hooked the bag on her showerhead
  and used my own natural lube for the nozzle at the tube's end. I gently eased
  it into her. She squirmed a little, but a sharp swat stilled her. I opened
  the valve and leaned over her to watch her face. Her eyes were closed and I
  couldn't tell if it was pleasure or discomfort. I caressed her belly, rubbing
  in firm circles as I filled her bowels.  
"You'll feel lighter and healthier than you have in years, just trust me."  
 She nodded mutely and I kissed her ear. I sealed the valve on the nozzle
  when the bag was empty. I removed the tube, leaving the nozzle protruding and
  looking deliciously sexy in her ass. I had her stand cautiously. I stroked
  her gently and then squeezed her nipples. Suddenly she seemed to bend slightly,
  the ball fell from her mouth and a gasp escaped her lips.  
"Just a cramp, Sweetie. Breathe deeply and ride it."  
 She took a lungful of air and slowly straightened again. I rubbed her stomach
  and kissed her. I warned her to be careful and hold tight as I removed the
  nozzle, then I had her sit on the john. I cradled her head and told her to
  let go. She did. The second run through for her rinse was more difficult but
  we got her through it and I rewarded her bravery with a long kiss.  
 I gave myself a clear water enema as well. She sat on the floor beside me
  and I chatted to her as it worked its magic. After enough time had elapsed
  I moved myself to the john.  
 "Remember when I told you that intimacy is the key?"  
 She nodded. I pulled her to me and had her kiss me as I voided myself. We
  showered together, soaping and kissing, stroking and biting.  
 When we were dry and back in the bedroom I had her show again. She bent
  over the bed and held herself open to me. I lubed up the beads and slowly eased
  them into her ass, stroking between her lips as I did so. I caressed her clit
  and pushed gently but firmly until four of the five were inside her and the
  yellow ribbon dangled prettily between her thighs. I tied on a second length
  of ribbon above the last bead and then pushed it in with its pals. With some
  adhesive tape I'd found in her medicine cabinet, I taped one ribbon taut to
  her left leg and the other to the right. When she walked, the ribbons would
  tug at her anus.  
 I had her stand and face me and I clamped her nipples. I turned the screws
  tighter than I had the last time. The chain hung between them, enticing me
  to pull it. I took her hand, held it to my breast and kissed her mouth, hard
  and with my tongue searching it. I let her suck my tongue. I tightened one
  of her clamps as we kissed and tasted her pain. I felt a small flood down in
  my crotch. I reached down into my wetness and then smeared my juice on her
  upper lip. I licked her nose as I tightened the other clamp. She whimpered.  
 I turned away from her and got some clothes for us both. I threw hers to
  her.  
"C'mon Sweetie, there's walking to be done."  
 She dressed and the clamps showed deliciously through the soft fabric of
  her dress. We went downstairs and as she moved I could tell something wonderful
  was happening to that lovely ass.  
16   
 Every step of that walk was an agony of ecstasy. She walked fast and almost
  dragged me. I was sure I'd let out a moan or a scream or something. My nipples
  were a dull ache and with each pace I felt the ribbons pulling at the beads
  in my bum. The evening was warm and the air full of the smell of the country.
  Her skirt was long, slit up to her knee on both sides and her breasts pointed
  through that same transparent blouse. Only her light jacket provided any modesty.  
 In a small dim lane we stopped and she pushed me against a tree and kissed
  me. She pulled my nipples, rolling the clamps under her fingers until I was
  begging her to stop. She leaned back, so her crotch was pressed against mine
  and her face was away from me, her hands cupping my breasts, naked under the
  thin yellow summer dress.  
"Sure. I'll stop, Sweetie, but when I do it means you have to start."  
 She swung me around so that she had her back to the tree and she pushed
  me down onto my knees. She lifted her skirt and pulled my face to her. Her
  pussy was before me and, indifferent to any possibility of discovery, I gave
  her my face. I started slowly licking her, opening her and slithering my tongue
  between her lips. I planted light kisses on her and my hands caressed her.
  I tongued her, gently at first but with increasing pace and depth. She stopped
  me briefly and turned to bend her face to the tree and give me access to her
  bum. I licked her from bum to clit, tonguing and entering her. I finally slipped
  a finger into her pussy and my tongue pushed into her bum as she came with
  a guttural moan. She leaned against the tree panting and I licked her slowly.
  Cleaning her, loving the way she flooded every time I gave her a climax. She
  straightened and pulled me back up. I was pushed against the tree.  
"This is going to hurt, Hon. Give me this too."  
 She pulled the top of my dress down and watched my face for a moment. Then
  she slowly ran her hand up my thigh and stroked me, cupping my entire mound
  in her hand. She rubbed gently, whispering for me to hold, to wait, to be patient.
  She thumbed my clitoris, gently nibbling my lips and pulling each nipple clamp
  slightly. I moaned into her mouth as she entered me, two fingers driving in,
  hard and deep. She twisted her hand and spread her fingers against my muscles.
  She sucked my tongue. Her free hand left my nipple and stroked my face as we
  kissed, her fingers working magic, her thumb rolling over my clit. If anyone
  had passed us I would have been, may have been totally unaware. I began to
  breathe heavily, my orgasm close. I knew better than to give into it and I
  bit my lip, trying to prevent it. She began to whisper urgently in my ear,  
"Cum, Sweetie, give it to me."  
 As it overwhelmed me, I began to shudder. It came from somewhere around
  my kidneys and spread like a forest fire through me. As I began to moan louder
  she covered my mouth with hers and suddenly I felt my breast catch fire as
  she undid its clamp. If I didn't scream, then I imagined it. The second clamp
  came off as I peaked and I know I screamed that time, loud and into her mouth.
  She held me  
 "Good girl." Over and over, she told me what a good girl I was.  
 Holding my aching nipples to hers, licking my tears and kissing my eyes.
  I leaned against the tree, totally spent. At last, she backed off of me and
  covered my breasts with my dress, my nipples sore against even that soft fabric.
  As I became more aware again, I heard her.  
"Boy, you sure know how to let rip, Sweetie." She smiled. "That scream must
  have shifted half the crows in England off their nests."  
 She picked up the chain that had fallen from my nipples and looped it around
  my neck, joining it with the clamps.  
"Sweet necklace! Let's walk to a pub."  
 We sat in the beer garden. She had a half pint of our local cider and I
  had a glass of wine. The beads kept making me squirm.  
"Sit still for Chrissake, Sam. Anyone would think you had a bead up your
  ass." It was said quietly but still I blushed and looked around.  
"You get uncomfy in public places don't you, Sweetie?"  
 "Sometimes. You do tend to rather push English conventions you know." I
  laughed.  
"American ones too."  
"I'm sure. What if someone had passed us?"  
"I don't see how they could have failed to know what we were doing, do you?
  After all you had your face in my ass and you were on your knees. Cant see
  too many other explanations."  
"But, Kate, I live here for God's sake."  
"I think I do too."  
 She reached across and held the chain that hung around my neck and said,
  as much to herself as to me,  
 "Looks like I have to call Emmy. Shame, she's a sweet girl."  
 We had another drink and then walked home. It was getting cooler and she
  looped her arm around me and asked quietly,  
"So, Sweetie, where are we going to live&hellip; here or in the dear old
  US of A?"  
"What?"  
"Well we have to live somewhere, Dopey. Where's it to be?"  
 I stopped and turned to her. We were just short of my door.  
"Is this a proposal?"  
"Well now, I guess it might just be at that."  
 I stayed still, not moving as the enormity hit me. Then, in the street outside
  my house, I kissed her and laughing between kisses and words, answered her.  
 "Then, my lovely lady, I guess I accept."  
 Much later that night, entwined with her in bed, I lifted my head onto an
  elbow.  
"Here, please."  
"What do you mean?"  
"I'd like to live here with you."  
"Oh, ok, sure. I'll call Emmy tomorrow." and then she slept.  
&copy; 2005 by Lowered Eyes   
All rights reserved. No part of this publication can be reproduced, stored
  in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic,
  mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior permission
  of the author.  
This material is presented as adult entertainment and is not intended for
  any person under the age of eighteen years. While every precaution has been
  taken in the preparation of this book, the author assumes no responsibilities
  for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from the use of information
  contained herein. All characters and descriptions contained herein are purely
  fictitious.  
Edited by Arika Lee   
17.   
The day arrived when Sam had to return to work. I was reading the paper when
  I heard her alarm go off. I took her tea. I was not going to make it a habit
  but I wanted her to feel good about returning to work and knowing I was there.
  I chatted to her as she showered and dressed. Her normal working attire was,
  it seemed, a dark skirt, white blouse and a dull grey cardigan. Her hair was
  loosely tied back. I intervened. I wasn't having a girl of mine looking so
  drab.  
I untied her hair and plaited it. I peeled of the ghastly woollen and, ignoring
  her pleas that I'd make her late, I replaced it with a red linen jacket I'd
  noticed before in her closet. I told her to take off her panties. Well, as
  usual now, they were mine but that made no difference. They came off. Some
  resistance was forthcoming but a stern look soon quelled that. She studied
  the unfamiliar plait in the mirror  
"I look like a school girl."  
I smiled and patted her ass.  
"Well then, Sweetie, best you get off to school. Oh, one last thing."  
I took the chain with its little clamps on and made a necklace of it as I
  had before.  
"Sweet."  
She was just about to go out the door when I stopped her again. She cursed
  me gently for further the delay but I ignored her. I had her sit on the arm
  of the sofa and spread her legs. I took off my earrings and clamped one tightly
  to each of her cunt lips.  
"Now, drive safely, Sam. We don't want you scandalizing British medical profession!"  
She kissed me and fairly rushed out to her old wreck. Amazing that Ford actually
  managed to sell the Brits that shit, I thought, God bless America! I thought
  about my phone but decided I couldn't in all conscience call Emmy until around
  midday. Not fair to awaken her with an axe. So I fired up my laptop and sent
  a few emails.  
To my office manager:  
Janey  
I have decided to remain in England for the foreseeable. Yes, it does involve
  a woman. No, I don't have any idea how long it will last.  
Keep me informed, my contact details follow.  
Etc.  
To my housekeeper:  
Heather  
I shall be staying in UK longer than anticipated. Close up as much of the
  house as is practicable but keep my suite open and ready for me. Make sure
  the animals are looked after and kick that lazy bastard Simon's ass if he doesn't
  keep on top of their care. I know I can rely on you to look after things there.
  Your wages will be paid as always, so no need to steal my silverware. I may
  ask you to send a few things over, I haven't decided yet.  
Contact details follow.  
Etc.  
To my lawyer:  
Susan  
I need to stay in the UK for a while &ndash; please sort out my visa shit
  and let me know whatever I have to do.  
Contact details follow &ndash; if you need anything re work, contact Janey.
  She's 100% as you know. So's Heather if it's anything to do with the ranch.
  Be prepared to sue Simon &ndash; Don't know what for yet, but he's bound to
  be a problem! Oh, and send Emmy some cash &ndash; Enough to cover her expenses
  for two more months&hellip; then close that account.  
Love to you and Tina. How is the scrawny assed whore?  
As always  
K  
Three brief emails and my life was sorted? Well, not quite. I still had to
  deal with Emmy.  
I waited till eight AM. her time. God did she make a fuss. I would regret
  it! The English whore wasn't worth it. She cursed, pleaded and swore by turns.
  I listened patiently to her tirade and waited for her to quiet down. I didn't
  feel guilty our arrangement going in had been no strings and no promises. Finally
  there was silence and I spoke into it.  
"Bye, Hon. It was fun."  
I returned the phone to its cradle and sat staring out at the small garden
  beyond the kitchen door. I was going to need some more space.  
I spent the rest of the day renting a house. It was big by Brit standards.
  An old barn of a place on the edge of Sam's village. It had a cellar, two good
  reception rooms and four bedrooms. The kitchen I thought would please her.
  It had modern appliances and was vast with a solid pine table that would seat
  an army. I had big plans for the cellar! We would be able to move in as soon
  as they cleared my money and checked that I was who I said I was. They let
  me keep a key so I could show the place to Sam. I got back to the cottage just
  ahead of her return. I was excited. There was a slight chance that she might
  not like it, but not having to sweat the small stuff was the sweet thing about
  being the one in charge  
18.   
   
I drove home through the early evening traffic and parked outside the cottage.
  Before I could get to the door, Kate flew out and slammed it behind her. She
  dragged me to the Mercedes without a word of explanation. She got in and drove
  in her usual mad woman manner. She screeched to a halt in the driveway of an
  old house about half a mile away from my own. By now I was totally curious.
  Only her crazy driving had prevented me from asking questions. She leapt from
  the car and swept to the front door of this granite pile and opened it with
  a flourish. I followed her in. After my place it seemed huge. I had been wondering
  who we were going to meet but it was obvious that the place was unoccupied.
  It was furnished opulently and with good taste. She showed me around without
  saying a word, refusing to answer my stammered questions. Finally she turned
  to me on the landing at the top of the stairs,  
"Hell, Sweetie, I'd go stir crazy in that kennel of yours, pretty though
  it is. I need a bit of space and I have to work too. So, I decided we'd stay
  here."  
 She paused, her head held slightly to one side, waiting for my reaction.  
"You like?"  
"We're going to live here?"  
"That's right, Sweetie. You think it's big enough?"  
I laughed. And the laughter wouldn't stop as I marvelled at this woman's
  grand gestures, her impetuousness, her unpredictability.  
"Oh, Kate, I love it. Yes, of course it'll be big enough, for us and a few
  hundred others."  
"This, you have to see, Sam."  
She clasped my hand and skipped downstairs with me in tow again.  
"Abandon all hope, ye who enter here! Ta dah!."  
She flung open a small door behind the staircase and revealed another flight
  leading down. She ran down ahead and stood arms outstretched in the centre
  of a well maintained and clean cellar. A few wine racks stood against one wall,
  empty. The cellar was well lit and there was a large radiator, currently not
  working.  
"Do I ever have plans for this space."  
She had a wicked look on her face as she approached me. She took my face
  in her hands.  
"I hadn't planned for this but I reckon this could provide just the school
  for a young trainee like you. All I need is a little equipment and a few rugs,
  lights etc."  
Her hand was now under my skirt and her mouth close to mine. She kissed me
  and rolled an earring between her fingers. I whimpered into her mouth, the
  ring was tight and hurt but she just sucked my pain from me and made me feel
  loved again. She lifted the front of my skirt and tucked it into my waistband,
  and stepped back, looking down at me.  
"Good girl. I half expected you to have taken them off. Did they remind you
  of me?"  
"As if I need reminding."  
She came back and kissed me again. She fingered me and rolled my nipples
  as we kissed.  
"You really like it?" I nodded.  
"So the hell do I."  
We went home, and this time she chattered as she swerved around the streets,
  telling me how she had settled her affairs back in the states. I wanted to
  feel sorry for poor Emmy but honestly, I was too happy for myself to be sincere
  in that. Kate rattled on about the various changes she wanted to make to our
  new place. She didn't, however, elaborate on her plans for the cellar and this
  left a single cloud of dread on my horizon.  
Once at home, she bent me over the back of the chair, lifted my skirt and
  undid her earrings. Fire overwhelmed me there as she gently stroked my backside
  and her finger slipped between my poor lips.  
Throughout the following week, Kate was consumed with the house. She went
  out at the same time as I and came home usually later than I did. She was secretive
  about what she'd been doing. Sure, our evenings and nights were long rounds
  of boisterous sex, but it was what she referred to as 'vanilla'. It seemed
  that any attempt to drag me further into her "lifestyle" as she called it,
  had been put on hold.  
On the Friday night I got home from work and she was, to my surprise, there.
  She was wearing that black robe, her hair was wet and she looked excited.  
"I have a surprise for you tonight, Sweetie. Get showered and you'll find
  some things on the bed for you to wear. Lady's taking her girl to dinner."  
I looked at the long dress on the bed, the silk lingerie, the stockings,
  the heeled shoes &ndash; all new. I touched the soft fabrics and couldn't believe
  how I had become involved with this mercurial enigma. I showered, shaved myself
  and dried. I walked naked back to the bedroom and there she stood, in that
  same dark grey suit she had worn to the wedding. Her hair was soft around her
  face and she wore the same tie and shirt but this time the cuffs were gold
  replicas of the silver nipple clamps which I wore around my neck. I placed
  a finger on one.  
 "Nice touch."  
She smiled, kissed me and then she helped me to dress. First, my suspender
  belt, black silk and lace, followed by a pair of absolutely transparent French
  knickers which were soft and cool to the touch. She eased them over my thighs
  and stroked me through them.  
"There should be a little 'glisten' there, don't you think?" she asked.  
Stockings, black and seamed were rolled up my legs and stroked to straightness.
  Then, she took the dress and held it open and I stepped into it. It was strapless
  and God only knew how she had known it would fit. It was lined with silk in
  the skirt, which was full, the bodice was tight and darted, pulling my breasts
  together and lifting them but, to my mind, attractively, not coarsely. She
  adjusted my "necklace" so that the two clamps rested in my cleavage. We laughed
  and kissed through the whole process. She smoothed my hair and kissed me again.  
"My girl, just look at you."  
Funny how words can have a positively physical impact, but if she wanted
  a 'glisten' that's certainly what she got.  
19. 
I was toying with the idea of having her wearing the fucking-hat again but
  decided this was not the occasion. My God, she did look good. A cab arrived
  for us at 7.30 and drove us the half hour to a classy restaurant I'd discovered.
  We went inside and the maitre d' took our coats. I imagined it was as fancy
  a place as she'd ever been in but she had a natural poise and seemed comfortable.
  Emmy had kinda had a way of making herself look out of place which had pissed
  me off. I felt proud, walking with this girl to our table. I knew, even if
  she did not, that we looked more like a statement than a couple. Look all
  you like. I said silently, returning stare for stare at the other diners who
  watched us pass. Yep, she's mine and yes, we do all sorts of unspeakable things
  together, you jealous drabs. 
We sat and the waiters fussed around a little more than I would have liked
  but eventually left a bottle in an ice bucket and two glasses of the widow
  sparkling before us. 
It's not my birthday, you know. Sam smiled. 
Maybe not, Sweetie, but tonight is a celebration. Tomorrow we move to Blunder
  Hall. 
She burst out laughing and I was momentarily put out. 
What's so funny?  
Her amusement sort of rubbed me wrong but she touched my hand and stopped
  laughing. 
Is that its real name? 
I saw the funny side of it then and laughed myself. I nodded. 
Yes, and I guess it is rather suitable. I do blunder around, don't I? 
We drank and laughed some more, talked and ate. She was usually a picker with
  her food. This time, however, the mussels, the noisettes  of lamb
  and the sorbet seemed to delight her. She ate like me, heartily, talking between
  mouthfuls. My excitement seemed to have infected her. She sparkled. When she
  went to the bathroom, she walked about three paces then turned and performed
  a little courtesy. She had me glistening then. 
We didn't get home until past midnight . It was a fine, warm evening and we
  sat outside in her tiny garden with a glass of brandy. 
I have finished. I have it all ready for us. Have you arranged to let this
  place out? 
Yes, I have. The cats will think they've died and gone to heaven in Blunder
  Hall. She still smiled as she said it. They think they'll find a tenant without
  any problem. 
OK, so we move tomorrow. I've hired a firm to help move clothes and anything
  else you want to take. 
By nine the next night it was done. We had spent the day moving from her small
  cottage to the ridiculously named Blunder Hall. Even with the movers to do
  the heavy bit we had worked hard, sorting clothes, furniture and transplanting
  two reluctant cats. The cats had been the last trip. As soon as we set them
  down to explore their new digs I took Sam by the hand and drug her up to her
  new bedroom. I pushed her onto the bed and dropped alongside her. I pulled
  her so she knelt astride me, her dress lifted up over her knees. I kissed her
  and held her to me. She leaned into me and caressed my face. Then she sat back
  a little and looked at me quizzically for a few seconds. 
Are you going to hurt me? 
Physicallyor emotionally? 
Either. 
Then the answer is yes, 
A beat in which she looked hurt. 
and no. 
She nodded thoughtfully. 
The cellar? 
I want it. Don't you? 
She nodded again. 
So, that is my next step? 
Not one step, Sweetie, a whole journey. You ready? 
Do you think it's possible to be? 
Nope. 
Nor do I, but I'm as ready as I'll ever be. 
That's good enough, Sweetie. 
I led her to the bedroom and slowly undressed her. She stood, naked, while
  I fetched the fucking-hat and placed it on her head. God, but I loved it. I
  had her bend and spread her ass cheeks and I slipped a finger, wet from my
  own cunt, into her. She moaned a little and squirmed on my finger. And then
  I decided. It was the moment for a step forward. I eased my finger out and
  she uttered a small protest. I slapped her ass, hard. She looked over her shoulder. 
Thank you. She said softly. 
I hit her again and she closed her eyes. I went to stand in front of her and
  cupped her chin, lifting her face. 
I am cruel, you know. 
Yes, I know. 
And kinky. 
Yes. 
I undressed, slowly. This was a moment of testing. A trial for her. 
Come with me. 
I led her to the bathroom. I pushed her to her knees and kissed the top of
  her hat. I pulled her chin up again. 
This will be for me, for intimacy and. 
And intimacy is the key? 
You've got it, Sweetie. 
I sat on the edge of the tub. I spread my knees and pulled her to me. I needed
  to go, real bad, but years of practice gave me control. I pressed her face
  to me and told her to open wide. Sam tried to lift her head but I brooked no
  questions, not at this moment. This was for me. This was critical. She opened
  her mouth, covering me. I patted her little hat and said, 
This is for me. Do this for me. 
I let a little of my pee dribble from me. I let it flow into her open mouth.
  I held her tight against me. To my intense joy, after a long pause, she licked,
  and then she pressed her mouth tighter around me and sucked. I gave it to her
  then, a full flow. I released into her. Copiously I poured out to her. She
  gagged once, and backed off but it passed and she came back onto me even tighter
  and drank from the well. I held her there, warm against my nakedness. I looked
  down at her, murmuring encouragement. 
Good girl, good girl. 
I reached under her chin and stroked her throat, feeling her swallow. I felt
  my piss run down her chin onto her breasts and I came hard pulling her into
  me. I shuddered and eventually let her look up. I watched her lick her lips
  clean. 
Thank you. She murmured. 
God, she made me feel strong. 
20. 
So, that was what it tasted like. What was piss and what was cum, who could
  tell? Could I get worse, more depraved? Could I be more of a whore? I had drunk
  her pee and, what's more, I'd wanted to. What would I not do for her? Now,
  in the cold light of remembrance, I know that a naked girl wearing a wedding
  hat and drinking another girl's pee is not normal'. I also know that either
  of the two girls involved could be described as weird. But, from my perspective;
  I'd wanted it. Wanted to give her what she needed. If she'd wanted me to unicycle
  on my washing line I would have. When I'd looked up at her, her eyes were closed.
  I knew I was a mess. She'd opened her eyes and smiled down at me. 
We have a long way to go, Sweetie, but the worst is over. 
I thought that what she meant was that if I'd do that, then I was over the
  barrier and into her lifestyle. I smiled, my face wet and shining. I bent back
  to her and licked her clean, tasting her. Finally, with a sigh, Kate lifted
  my mouth away from her. 
Go get clean. When you come out you will find what I want you to wear laid
  out for you. Dress yourself and then go down to the cellar and wait for me.
  Understood? 
I nodded, but she shook her head and her eyes clearly repeated the question. 
Yes, Kate. I understand. 
She slapped my face then. Not terribly hard but that she would do so at all
  after what I had just done for her caused my eyes to well up. Then my mistake
  sank home. 
Yes, Mistress. I blurted. 
Her smile returned instantly. God, I had so much to learn. I hurried away
  to bathe before I displeased her again. 
When I emerged from the bathroom, I looked at the items laid out on my bed
  and fear and excitement coursed through me. I fitted pairs cuffs, leather and
  soft, at my wrists and ankles. There was a wide collar that pushed my face
  up. The red ball gag was laid out as well and I strapped it into place. I pulled
  a gauzy thong over my mound, and spread my buttocks to let its string lie between
  them. The clamps were there as well and I looped them around my neck. Seeing
  no top, I remained bare breasted wearing the necklace Kate had originated.
  I walked down the stairs to the cellar. I had not seen it since it had been
  created by by my Mistress and the dungeon she had created sent shivers through
  me. For the briefest instant I considered fleeing but I followed my feet forward
  instead. Amidst all the strange furnishings I saw two small velvet cushions
  on the floor before frame with a padded bar. I knew instinctively what to do.
  I knelt before the padded bar and placed my chin on it. What ensued was almost
  beyond description. 
&nbsp;
21. 
After I laid out things for Sam, I went to my own room and its private shower.
  She had wanted us to share a room and bed but I had nixed it. She would learn
  that sleeping with me was to be a privilege. I dressed alonealmost ceremoniously.
  I decided upon simple elegance rather than Gothic. I wore a long, white silk
  shift. It hung smoothly on my slender frame from thin straps like wire. My
  hair was clean and shining. I was naked under the dress. 
I waited until I heard her steps descending. I gave her time to reach the
  cellar and absorb what I had done with the place. I listened for a retreat
  but heard nothing. Satisfied, I headed down to join her. Simply perfect that
  was the view that greeted me. I moved around my girl, lifting her so that she
  was bent over the bar. I fixed the cuffs to the points prepared for them; leaving
  Sam bent and spread, with her ass in the air, unable to move. I knelt in front
  of her and said, softly, 
This is the time. This is when you are mine, when our love is consummated.
  Every other moment was simply a step toward this. It's not the end. It is the
  time when you will meet the real you. Tonight you become mine. 
I kissed the ball gag, licking it and the lips which spread around it. I unclipped
  the clamps that hung from the chain around Sam's neck. Sam's breasts hung over
  the bar, her hair almost concealing them. Her nipples were like bullets. I
  stroked them, palmed them and then, pulling them hard, clamped them so that
  she winced and moaned slightly. Slowly, I stroked her face, her hair and kissed
  her eyes. I moved behind her to run my hands over her buttocks. I kneaded them
  before reaching between her legs and cupping her silk covered mound. I pulled
  the material aside and saw the shine of wetness on her flower. Violently, I
  tore the thong away. 
Standing in front of her again, I lifted my dress so that Sam's face could
  be pressed to my bare cunt. I rubbed it, wet and slippery, across her countenance.
  I pressed into her nose and rubbed myself on the ball gag. 
I selected a thin, leather handled crop, with a broad tongue and showed it
  to Sam before laying it on the floor where she would be able to see it. Moving
  behind her, I took a plug, greased and ready and slowly forced it into her
  anus. Now she started to buck but the restraints held her. The plug was big,
  bigger than anything she'd experienced before but I was careful and gentle
  and it disappeared into her until all that was visible was the flat, round
  base from which extended a thin wire. I caressed her ass and whispered more
  words of encouragement before returning to squat in front of her. I showed
  her the small control in my hand. When I pressed the button Sam immediately
  felt the vibration deep in her bowels and her eyes widened. I reached down
  to twist a clamped nipple, and smiled at the mix of pain and pleasure that
  contorted her face. 
Walking around Sam's bound form, my fingers trailed across her skin, nails
  gently raking her, as I increased the current to the vibrating plug. I murmured
  warnings against a premature orgasm. I took a long, slim dildo from beside
  the bench and slowly eased it into Sam's cunt, watching as her lips spread
  deliciously to accommodate it, the sheen of her wetness evident. I worked it
  in and left it there. 
Don't let that slip, Sweetie. 
22. 
By then I was desperate for something to focus on in my effort to avoid cumming.
  I concentrated on the dildo to take my mind from the arousing vibrations in
  my ass. I tried to relax and let the dildo stay of its own accord. Then Kate
  picked up the crop and I felt its leather tongue caress me. A slight touch
  to my nipples caused me to moan into the gag. Kate pressed the crop down onto
  the chain and the pain coursed through me while the vibrations in my arse rose
  to a maddening intensity. I felt the dildo begin to slip. I tried desperately
  to hold it with my muscles but managed only to force it out. I heard it hit
  the floor and felt despair wash over me.. 
Oh, dear. Such a simple task to fail at, Sweetie. 
The crop landed hard on my left buttock and I bucked and moaned. A second
  blow on my right buttock brought tears to my eyes. Kate moved back in front
  of me and picked up the strap on harness and dildo I had first felt that evening
  when she had made me ask to be spanked. I watched her lick the curved portion
  before pushing it up inside her pussy. The other end waved at me as she secured
  the harness, her dress was hitched up over the prick as it stood jutting from
  her belly. 
More pain as my nipples were again pulled. Then Kate was behind me and I felt
  the dildo's end at my entrance, pressing and entering, holding me open but
  not invading. Kate moved her hips slowly, back and forth in tiny movements,
  the end of her dildo moving just inside my vagina. Then she slowly drove into
  me all the way until her hips touched my buttocks. She held there while I involuntarily
  made soft murmuring's from behind my gag. Then she began a relentless in and
  out. I tensed under her as my cum began to boil up against my will. I was saved
  when the sharp crack of her crop across my thigh tore my mind from my pussy
  and made me jump beneath my Mistress. 
&nbsp; 
23. 
&nbsp; 
I watched Sam's fingers although I knew they were not going to spread, this
  was what Sam needed. She tensed as I first began to ride her. I suspected she
  was about to lose it. A fast slap of the crop caused her to buck deliciously
  and got her moving with me. I fucked her, hard and fast. My crop's length twitched
  the clamps or swatted soft flesh, helping her to contain her orgasm. With my
  free hand I pulled her head back by her hair and leant to whisper both encouragement
  and threats. I bit her ear and neck. I raked her shoulders with my nails. I
  moved faster and began a painful assault with the crop on her buttocks and
  enflamed nipples. 
My orgasm hit me like an express train when I heard her begin to sob. Those
  tears could have emanated from my own cunt. Our bodies were one in pain and
  pleasure. I buried myself in Sam and collapsed across her back, sucking air
  in and holding tightly to the bound body beneath me. 
I allowed myself a few seconds to recover. Then eased out of Sam and also
  removed the plug, leaving Sam's arse open and dilated. I slipped a finger into
  the slowly closing hole and turned it around the sensitive opening, eliciting
  another moan from my lover. I went to squat again in front and untied the gag.
  I took the drool covered ball and placed it on the rug. I kissed her then,
  gently. I stood and slowly forced the dildo into Sam's mouth, watching as her
  tear strewn face opened and gagged on its length before I finally withdrew
  it. 
You're doing great, Sweetie. I'm so proud of you. 
Sam couldn't speak. Her eyes were full of tears and her nose was running,
  so the removal of the gag was welcome. I, of course, knew this. Even if not
  all was planned, everything was deliberate. 
You should never squeeze a dildo, Sweetie, it always pushes it out. Glad
  you did though, giving you that little cropping sure felt good. 
I smiled and lifted the chain then let it drop. That light pull drew a cry
  from her open mouth. I smiled, sure now that her nipples were ready, I undid
  first one clamp and then, slowly, the other. 
Brave girl. We've travelled a long way, haven't we? So far to go, but not
  all tonight, Sweetie. Be brave a little longer. 
The burning in Sam's nipples brought on by the removal of the clamps brought
  fresh silent tears. An appalled light filled her eyes as she saw me select
  a thin rattan cane and swish it through the air. 
When you cum for me, I'm going to use this and you will understand that pain
  is pleasure and pleasure is pain, indivisible, and you will give me your pain
  and you will love me for it. 
I leaned down and sucked a tormented nipple as I reached under Sam's body
  to find her clitoris. I took it between my fingertips and rolled it, caressing
  it. I whispered encouragement and then rose so that my pussy was pressed again
  on Sam's nose. My hands reached over her prone body to continue their assault
  on her cunt and arse. 
When you cum, I will too. I will feel it Sweetie. 
I heard Sam moaning between my legs and increased the pace of my rubbing on
  her distended clitoris. Sam began to beg and call to me so I let my fingers
  invade her cunt while with my free hand I held the cane. 
Now, my love, now. I ordered her. 
I sensed it before I felt it, the explosion of wild sexual elation that coursed
  through Sam making her writhe and cum as never before. I waited, timing it waiting
  for the crest of that wave and I then struck one fierce blow with the cane
  and with twin screams of pleasure and pain we became one delirious animal. 
Once our pulses had quieted, I untied her and held her as we lay together
  on the floor. I kissed her and she kissed me back. We were held in an embrace
  by forces beyond our control. Her tear-stained face shone with love and I suspect
  my own wore a similar glow. As we clung to each other simultaneously we uttered
  the same words. 
Thank you. 
End 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lowered Eyes


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





