BDSM Library - The Thin Line Between Pleasure And Pain




The Thin Line Between Pleasure And Pain
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: William explores the adventure of torturing and beating up her girlfriend Ellie, just the way she had begged him to do. Being hogtied, spanked and beat up to the limit for a whole weekend fulfills her fantasy. For William it is a rush he never expected.
THE THIN LINE BETWEEN PLEASURE AND PAIN
(M/f, enema, fisting, spanking, toys, S/M, BDSM, bondage, home, torture, violent)
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

First I placed the rope under her tits, around her back and then I started to tie it around her left 
tit. After the first lap I pulled hard before I did another lap and then I tied a knot behind her 
back. Now I took care of her right tit the same way and I ended it with another lap above her 
tits and then I tied another knot behind her back. She had a stick in her mouth that she could 
bite if it hurt her too much and I had also tied her hands together to make sure that she 
couldn't disturb my work. I took another rope and tied her feet together and then she had to lie 
down on a mattress on the floor. I took another rope and pulled it through a hook in the 
ceiling and then I tied it to the rope I had attached around her tits just before. When I was 
done I started to pull her up in the air to see if she could be hanging in her tits. First I saw how 
her tits pulled up in the air and then she was hanging for the first time. I fastened the rope that 
I pulled her up with and got down beside her to see how her tits held the weight. It was great 
to see them stretched to its limit with a light blue colour from the blood that was stopped by 
the rope around them. I kissed her nipple and started to lick it gently. I could see how she 
loved that treatment at the same time she felt the pain from the ropes. 

After a couple of minutes I untied the rope in the ceiling and she could rest on the mattress. I 
rearranged the ropes around her tits now and pulled even harder to make sure that it could 
carry her. Then I took two more rope and pulled them through the hook in the ceiling and then 
I tied the first of them around her waist and between her legs. The second rope I tied around 
her feet and started to pull them up in the air. I continued with the rope around her waist and 
pulled until her ass was above the mattress. After this I took the rope that was attached to the 
ropes around her tits and pulled her up so she was hanging in the air completely. I did some 
minor adjustments and pulled her a little bit higher to ensure that she really was hanging. Her 
tits were once more stretched to the limit carrying her weight together with her feet and her 
waist. She tried to keep her head up but she couldn't for much more than a minute. Then she 
leaned back and saw the rest of the room upside down. I could see the pain in her face but she 
tried not to scream, focused on taking all the pain she received. I went down and started to 
kiss her but she couldn't reply my kiss. Instead I started to lick her lips and kiss her cheek. 
After a while I went over to her tits and I could see that the rope around them really held her 
weight. I took her nipple between my fingers and squeezed as hard as I could. Finally she 
screamed. I let go of her nipple but I couldn't resist doing the same with the other nipple. This 
time she didn't allow herself to scream. Having her hogtied hanging free turned me on and I 
just had to play with myself. I stopped before I came and went over to her again and touched 
the parts of her body that was not covered by rope. Then I started to spin her around in a slow 
speed, which was possible because I had used the same hook in the ceiling for all the ropes.

I guess she was hanging in the air for almost 20 minutes before I let her down again. She had 
taken my treatment excellent, with only some screams. To promote her I untied the ropes 
around her feet and her waist before I untied the ropes around her tits. When the rope was 
gone I could see marks from them everywhere but especially around her tits. She was really 
torn up and in some places she was bleeding. I kissed her were I found blood and it tasted 
great and she really moaned in pleasure when I did it. By now she had tried to keep quite but 
she couldn't any longer.
- Oh William, you're my master. Please give me more, please give me more.
- I will slut, I will. I continued. Ellie I will take care of you in a little while but first as the 
obedient slut you are you shall be rewarded for well behaviour. 
I let her sit up and I sat down in front of her. There I looked into her eyes and then we started 
kissing. She responded right away and I got a hard-on that she gently took care of with her 
hands. I shot my cum in her hands and she lifted them to her mouth and started to eat it ending 
with licking every little bit of it.

I looked into her eyes again before I gave her kiss and pushed her down again. Before she 
knew it I tied one rope between each of her feet and dragged her over to the wall. There I 
pulled the rope up to two separate hooks in the wall close to the ceiling. Then I started to pull 
her up until she was hanging upside down with her legs in a 45 degree angle exposing her 
pussy for me. I took her arms and tied a rope around each hand and fastened it to the hook that 
already carried her legs on each side. These ropes were only used to keep her arms from 
falling to the floor. I could see how the blood started to rush to her head and I knew that she 
couldn't take it for a long time. I started to play with her pussy first, gently kissing it and then 
I started to lick her. I only played with her to enjoy it but I stopped before she had an orgasm. 
I left her for a minute to get a dildo and when I returned I just shoved the dildo into her pussy 
without a warning, just like she was an object. I fucked her real hard first in and out of her 
pussy. Then I pushed the dildo all the way in and started to move it around inside her. At the 
same time I kissed and played with her clit. She couldn't help herself from getting turning, at 
least the little she could turn. I pulled the dildo out and put my fist to her pussy and now I 
tried to penetrate her but she was too tight. I took my palm instead and pushed it all the way in 
her and that worked fine. I moved my fingers and could feel the inside of her pussy before I 
pulled it out. Now I went away for another minute and returned with clips. I started to fasten 
them on the inside of her thighs and then on the opening of her pussy. I continued to fasten 
some more on her belly which was difficult as she was hanging upside down. Now I came to 
her tits and placed one on each nipple immediately and then several more around her nipples. 
After that I found some other spots on her tits that hadn't any bruises and placed even some 
more clips there. I was finally done and observed what I had achieved, a young woman 
hanging upside down spreading her legs and with clips all over her body. She said nothing 
though, she just did her best to hold back the pain and she knew that if she was good she 
would be rewarded.

When I had waited for some more minutes I decided to take her down, so I loosened the ropes 
that were tied to the hooks in the wall and I helped her down gently. She had been good so I 
started to untie her hands and feet before I took away the clips. Her behaviour had once more 
been excellent so I decided to reward her.
- You've been a very good slut now Ellie, so I will have you in my bed tonight and you will 
have the choice to decide how I shall fuck you before we go to sleep.
- Thank you master William, she replied.
I lifted her up in my arms and took her to our bedroom. There I started to take care of her 
scars from my treatment and I could see how she loved the way I did it. I kissed the open flesh 
on her tits and around her feet and touched her gently elsewhere. When I was done it was time 
for her choice.
- So now my slut, how do you want to be fucked?
She had figured it all out so she lifted her legs and placed them above her head and said:
- Fuck me in my ass, as hard as you ever can master!
- Good choice I must say slut, a very good choice!
I moved over to her and placed my dick to her ass, but as it wasn't rock hard it was difficult to 
get it in. Instead I took her hand and picked out two fingers and placed them to her ass and 
started to penetrate her with her own hand.
- This will open you up slut, so I can fuck you real hard. I said.
I pulled her fingers out and now I had a hard-on that I could penetrate her with. She didn't 
scream at all, she just moaned of the pleasure it gave her. I started to fuck her and it was a 
nice ass to fuck. The closer I came to an orgasm the harder I fucked and just before I came I 
pushed as hard as I ever could. I shot my cum in her ass. Then I pulled out and started to lick 
her pussy and continued until she also had had an orgasm. 

We woke up next morning in each others arms. Ellie was already awake when I opened my 
eyes and she gave me a kiss. Then she turned me around and gave massage for at least an 
hour. We went to the kitchen for breakfast and Ellie served me with all that I wanted and 
waited until I was done. She waited for my signal to have her breakfast and I teased her by not 
giving the signal. When I did she sat down and had her breakfast while I watched. Afterwards 
she took care of the dishes and returned to me where she got down on her knees waiting for 
my commands. I looked at her and thought for a little while and then I said:
- I think you are too pretty for me today. I must do something about it slut.
- Yes master William, if I am too pretty for you then please make me ugly like the slut I am. 
She replied.
Once more I looked all over at her body for a moment before I continued:
- Your face is too pretty, your tits got enough scars and so have your pussy, belly, wrists and 
feet but your back and ass are way to fine at the moment.
- Please do something with my face, back and ass. I will prove to you that I can be your 
trustworthy slut. Ellie replied.
- Good slut, I said. Now look at me!
She looked up at me and I gave her a deep kiss to show her that I loved her. Then I let go of 
her and all of a sudden I slapped her cheek as hard as I could. She fell back of the power but 
returned to her knees in front of me looking up within seconds. I hit her another time and she 
fell back once more. I gave her another five or ten slaps before I hit her gently with my fist a 
couple of times to make sure that she would get some more scars. Now I took her by her hair 
and dragged her over to the other room where I had treated her yesterday. I had to tie her 
around her hands once more, to fasten them as she was standing up with her arms up in the air 
and her back and ass exposed for me. I picked up a whip and hit her gently over her shoulders. 
So far she didn't scream, she just held it all inside of her. Now I gave her the stick to bite if it 
hurt too much and then I really started to use the whip. First over her shoulders a couple of 
times and then down to her ass. For every time I whipped her I could hear her biting the stick, 
still without screaming. Now I took my nails instead and dragged them hard over the back and 
on the side of her thighs leaving marks behind. Then I put my teeth to her ass and started to 
bite as hard as I could. When I let go I could see the open flesh of her and with blood slowly 
coming out. I kissed the blood and licked her clean. I decided to release her and inspect her 
again. She fell to the floor, exhausted of my treatment. 

I stood there looking at her, turning her around to see how she was. Her face had several scars 
now, her tits had plenty of scars from the ropes and the clips, her belly had marks from clips, 
her back had open scars from the whip and her ass had both scars from the whip and marks 
from my teeth. When she looked at me, I sat down beside her and touched her gently all over 
her body. This thin line between pleasure and pain was something she had asked for several 
times but it had been difficult to take the first step. After practicing it in small steps, I was 
now able to fulfil her wishes. The agreement both of us had signed gave me her approval to 
seduce and abuse her the whole weekend and then she had taken several week vacation to 
heel her wounds.
- You are a good master, William. Ellie whispered. Treating me like the slut I am is beyond 
my expectation. For many years I have dreamed about being abused the way you've done so 
far. I love you so.
- You're a nice slut but I am not finished with you yet. I replied.
I gave her a kiss before I got up. There I put one foot on her belly and then the other. I held 
the wall at the same time to keep my balance. Then I started to walk on her body up to her tits 
and then back to the belly again. I stepped down and took her tits in my hands and pulled her 
over the floor to the other wall. Now I took her by her hair and pulled her back to the first 
wall, turned her around and dragged her in her arms over to the first wall once more with her 
tits against the floor. I was not satisfied so I took her legs and pulled her one last time over the 
floor. There I turned her on the side and started to kick her, first from behind on her ass and 
legs before I continued on the other side with her belly, tits and face. I turned her around on 
her back and spread her legs to expose her pussy. There I put a toe in it and started to 
penetrate her. This time I had made my decision to fuck her with my foot and little by little I 
managed to get inside and in the end I was standing up kick fucking her pussy. It felt so good 
having her wet pussy around my foot and it turned my on. I took it out and went over to her 
face to let her lick my foot clean. She responded right away and did as I wanted. When I was 
done I let her stay there on the floor all alone while I left the room for an hour.

When I returned to the room Ellie had crawled over to the mattress and was now sleeping. I 
saw her torn up body and was amazed of the pain she could take. From the beginning we 
decided not give her any painkiller, instead she had to find her own way to handle the pain she 
received. Of all the things I had done so far, hogtie her was my favourite. I woke her up with a 
kiss and I didn't take many seconds until she was aware of that the treatment was about to 
continued. I helped her up and led her to the wall again. There I tied her hands to separate 
hooks with her back against the wall. I spread her legs also, so she was standing like an X. I 
picked up a rope and put it around her right tit and tied it as hard as possible. When I was 
done with that, I took out some heavy weights that I could attach to the rope. I did the same 
thing with the other tit and then she was standing there in front of me with her tits hanging. I 
wanted to see how much she could take so I gave her the stick to bite again and then I 
attached another weight for both of her tits. I could see how heavy it had become for her, still 
I had to do more. I had two more weights and she could hardly stand up with that weight 
attached to her. Even if I had tied the rope hard, her tits started to slip out of the rope. I kissed 
and played with her nipples meanwhile and I enjoyed it. Finally the weight fell to the floor 
and her tits had new scars with blood pouring out. It was much more now than before, so I 
had to clean her up with pure alcohol. When I put it to the open flesh Ellie screamed load. I 
realised that I had found a weak spot. After taking care of the scars on her tits I picked up the 
whip again and started to whip her belly. This time I wasn't satisfied until she was bleeding. I 
had to spank her hard to make it, but I did. Then I took the pure alcohol once more and put in 
her open wounds and she screamed again. When she did, I spit in her face to show that I 
didn't like her behaviour. 

I decided to tie her up once more but this time I wanted her hanging face down as high up as 
possible to the ceiling. This would frighten her from falling down. I started with her tits once 
more but I only made one lap around each tit as they didn't need to carry her weight. Then I 
tied her feet and hands together in one knot behind her ass and then I put a rope around her 
waist. I slowly lifted her up in the air, where I stopped for a while. Now I took her hair and 
pulled it back so she was looking straight forward into the wall and managed to attach it to 
another rope. I also put one dildo in her ass and another in her pussy. Not that it made any 
difference instead that was just another step in the abuse. I continued to pull her up in the air 
and when I was done, I attached the ropes and now she was stuck in the room unable to get 
out. Before I left the room I turned out the light to leave her alone in a dark room. I went into 
the living room to watch TV but I guess I fell asleep.

When I woke up it was dark outside. I realised that Ellie had been hanging in the room for 
several hours. Before I entered the room I turned out the lights outside and was able to sneak 
in. I knew that she heard me but she couldn't see me. I moved over to her place in the room 
and I could hear her moan and then I turned on the light. She was in real pain from hanging 
there so I decided to take her down. I released her from the ropes and took her in my arms. I 
held her for almost an hour before she could talk again:
- Thank you master William, she said. Please nothing more now, I cannot take anything more.
- I am afraid my slut, that is nothing you can beg for but you can only earn it as a reward like 
we have agreed upon. You knew that you could reach this point and still wanted to ensure that 
we would continue. As you have begged for it I must punish you.
I pushed her out of my arms and told her to sit on her knees. Then I came towards her and 
said.
- Open your mouth because I want you to suck my dick all the way.
She came back to conscious and realised that this is what she had begged for. She opened her 
mouth and started to suck and play with my dick. It took more than 10 minutes until she made 
me come in her mouth. Afterwards I took a firm grip by her hair and dragged her out of the 
room and into the kitchen.
- You have 45 minutes to cook me a dinner, be sure that you will make it in time.

I left the kitchen and went to the bedroom. We had another TV there so I started to watch 
some channels while I heard the noise of Ellie in the kitchen. 45 minutes later I returned to the 
kitchen and Ellie had finished the dinner, set the table with one chair and with a candlelight 
burning. Especially that she only had set the table for one person surprised me, as I thought 
this would be a perfect way for me to punish her. I sat down and she served me the dinner. All 
the time she sat on her knees beside me, hoping to get her something along the way. When I 
was done I handed her the leftovers on the plate and she ate without any arguments. After she 
had finished it, she waited by my side for her orders. I let her take care of the dishes while I 
watched her walk around in the kitchen naked. I could see the scars and marks all over her 
body but her legs and arms had not received enough treatment yet. When she was done she 
walked over to me and I turned her around and made her bend over. I put my mouth to her ass 
and started kissing it gently and then I move down to her rear opening. I let my tongue 
penetrate her ass and I started fucking her that way over and over. It was nice as to fuck her 
with my tongue and she enjoyed it very much. After a couple of minutes I let her lay on top of 
the kitchen table with her ass up in the air so I could continue fucking her ass with my mouth. 
Over and over I played with her and let one hand play with her pussy to give her orgasms 
several times. To see her shake in pleasure was a joy, just as eating her ass. When I was done 
I let her get up, turn around and then I dragged her down so she could sit on my lap face to 
face. I gave her a hug but she moaned in pain when her soar tits touched my chest. I gave her 
a kiss with the smell of her ass all over my mouth and she responded with an open mouth. For 
every step she thought that it was over, but it wasn't.

It took another 20 minutes until I was ready and then I told her to get up. I took her arms 
behind her back and forced her to enter the room we had used for the treatment before.
- You've been a good slut, but not good enough. 
I pushed her to the floor again and there I took one rope for each leg and arm and tied it hard. 
Then I pulled her up in the air using four different hooks in the ceiling, until she reached a 
level that would be nice for me to work with. I turned around and brought out a lot of clips 
and I started to attach some to her eyebrows and her cheek. Her mouth was the next part 
where she had to put her lips together and then I put a clip on her upper and lower lip so she 
couldn't open her mouth. I put more clips on her chin and her neck. Now I made it to her tits 
and even if there were plenty of scars I could find some places to put some more clips. I went 
beneath her and put several clips on her back and her ass. I let her belly stay free and I pick up 
a small whip instead and started to whip her for a little while. Then I continued to put clips on 
her feet and her hands. Now I went in between her legs where her pussy was wide open. As 
soon as I saw it I got a hard-on. I put my dick in her pussy and started fucking her by 
swinging her against me while I was standing still. It was great to fuck her this way and 
luckily for me I was not close to come. The feeling of her wet pussy around my dick was just 
what I wanted and I fucked her this way for at least half an hour before I couldn't hold back 
anymore. My cum filled her pussy just like I wanted. I stayed inside of her afterwards as I had 
a perfect spot of her body. Especially her tits were great to look at so I started to squeeze her 
nipples as hard as I could. She responded to the pain but she never screamed. I put my 
fingernails to her skin then and dragged them from her tits all the way over her belly down to 
her pussy hard. Once more she responded to the pain but never screamed. This made me 
curious so I pulled out of her pussy and went into the kitchen to get a fork. When I returned I 
used it instead of my nails, first gently and then harder in between. It gave her real marks on 
her belly and I stopped at several places where I just stuck in to her skin and I saw how she 
started to bleed. Every time I kneeled down to kiss and lick her blood. After all of this I had 
enough and removed the clips and pulled her down. Then I moved her over to the wall and 
tied one rope around each hand and tied them to separate hooks in the wall by the floor. I got 
on top of her and gave her a kiss for the night and then I left the room and went to bed by my 
own.

It was daylight when I woke up and decided to get some breakfast on my own. I had no hurry 
to go in and check up on Ellie. When I was done I prepared breakfast for her and went into the 
room. I couldn't tell how much she had been sleeping, but I knew that she only could move a 
little bit the whole night. I untied her and she sat up in front of me now.
- Good morning slut, I guess you would like to have some breakfast? I asked her.
- Yes please master William, but that would be too kind for me. She replied.
- That depends, I continued, I am offering you an opportunity to buy some breakfast. Tell me 
what you would like to have and I will set a price.
She looked at me and hesitated. Then she said:
- I would like to buy a toast, master William. How much shall I pay for a toast?
- To get started it will be cheap. I will have to squeeze your nose and drag your ears.
She nodded at me and I did as we had agreed before I handed her the toast.
- Is there something else you would like to buy? I asked her.
- Some butter and marmalade would taste very good with the toast, master William. How 
much would that cost me?
- Not much, I would only have to slap your face three times. 
She nodded at me and I slapped her three times and handed her butter and marmalade. She ate 
the toast in less than a minute.
- Now is there some thing else you would like to buy, I asked again.
- Another toast would be fine, master William. How much would it cost?
- Well it's getting more expensive now. I need to spank your ass twenty times for another 
toast. 
She nodded and moved over to me so I could spank her ass. When I had counted to twenty 
she had her toast and ate it.
- Is there anything else you would like to buy before I will take the breakfast tray away? I 
asked her.
- I really would like to have a glass of juice master William. What is the price for a glass of 
juice?
I looked at her and thought for a couple of seconds before I replied:
- I would have to fuck your pussy with my fist for five minutes.
She waited with her answer but decided to go ahead with it, because if she had turned the 
offer down I would have done it anyway. So she got settled in front of me and I started to put 
two fingers in her pussy. Step by step I added two more fingers and my thumb. Then I had my 
whole hand in her again. I pulled out and formed my hand as a fist and penetrated her slowly. 
Five minutes passed and I moved out to hand her the juice. When she had finished it I asked 
again.
- Are you done or is there anything else you would be interested in?
She shook her head and that was enough for me take away the breakfast tray that I had 
brought in to her and placed it in the kitchen.

Ellie was still sitting on the floor of the room when I returned and she knew that I wasn't quite 
finished with her yet. I went over to where she sat and looked at her for a minute before I said.
- Almost done slut, almost done! 
Then I put my foot on her chest and pushed her down to the floor so she fell on her back.
- Get up slut, I cannot wait her all day! I commanded her.
She started to get up and was standing on her knees when I kicked her between her legs once, 
twice and three times before she fell on her back again. Now she turned around and tried get 
up standing on all her four, so I gave her a kick in her ass and she fell to the floor once more. 
She tried to get up that way again and I gave her another kick that threw her against the wall. 
Now she crawled over to the other side of the room to get away from me and got up when she 
reached the corner of the room. I took her shoulders and kicked her between her legs again. If 
it had been a man then his balls would had received a tough treatment. For Ellie her pussy had 
that treatment instead and it hurt her just as much. She was leaning forward now so I took a 
firm grip around her neck and led over to another wall in the room, took a rope and tied it 
around her hands and fastened it to the wall so her hands were above her head. Then I had to 
play with her tits one last time so I put one rope around her right tit and pulled as hard as I 
could. I attached that rope to a hook on the side so her tit was stretched to that side. I 
continued to do the same thing with the other tit to the other side and she now had her hands 
up in the air and her tits in different directions. She was exposed for me so I kneeled in front 
of her and started to kiss and lick her pussy, which was real dirty now after two days without 
a shower. I let my tongue touch her and she had problems to stand up. This way I played with 
her until she had another orgasm and I got up. Without a warning I turned around and left the 
room with her standing up, tied to the wall. She had no idea of what was coming.

I guess it is the changes between giving and releasing the pain that turned Ellie on. For me it 
was a rush to play with her. The treatment was now over so I prepared a warm bath for her. 
Walking back to untie her was a joy. When I entered the room and walked towards her she 
waited of another treatment. Instead I untied her tits and then her arms. She fell exhausted to 
the floor, so I lifted her up and carried her to the bathroom. There I helped her in the bathtub 
and rubbed her gently. The bath released her from pain and she could relax. When she was 
done I helped her to our bed were she could lie down and rest. Within a couple of minutes we 
both fell asleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





