BDSM Library - The Naked Swordswoman




The Naked Swordswoman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young bi girl gets an older woman into bondage and uses a sword to give them both an orgasm.
SEX AND THE NAKED SWORDSWOMAN

The last time I visited Kath in her gorgeous house she promised me that, on my
next visit,  she would let me see inside her secret room. For days I was
consumed with curiosity about it and could hardly wait before going around to
see her again, but I knew I'd have to wait until I had a day off work. Kath is
always so thrilled when I stay overnight.

     My patience was stretched almost to breaking point for nearly two weeks
before I could arrange a day off, but I fanally managed it.
    
     I phoned Kath to let her know that I would be arriving in two days' time
and I also reminded her of her promise about the room. She laughed effusively.
"Yes, I remember what I promised," she said. "I'll make certain that everything
is on display by the time you arrive."
    
     On display? What did she mean? What on earth could be in that room if it
was to be put on display? This fuelled my curiosity even more and I couldn't
wait to visit her again.
    
     On the way to Kath's house I started thinking about how good and generous
she had been to me and how lonely she seemed. It was understandable living in
that great big house on her own. Usually I was on the receiving end of Kath's
love, which, I have to admit, always thrilled me and it always seemed to give
her enormous pleasure too. But I made up my mind that, if the opportunity
presented itself during my visit, she would be on the receiving end of my love
this time.
    
     Now Kath isn't the sort of woman who phones up and says, "Drop everything
and come on over". She's more likely to say, "Come on over and drop everything."
In other words, when I arrive it's usually not very long before I shed all my
clothes - and usually my inhibitions as well. If my plan was going to succeed
I'd have to keep my clothes on - at least for a while.
    
          Although she's older than I, I find Kath very sexy and seductive. With
her good looks, firm body and those bedroom eyes she would make a good life
model, but so far I haven't had the courage to ask her to pose for me.
         
          She often tells me she prefers me in next to nothing or preferably
nothing at all, so all I was wearing for my visit was a pair of panties, a short
blouse with bare midriff, a miniskirt and a pair of high heels. I carried my
small handbag containing all the usual girlie things and my toothbrush.
         
          As I approached the front door I undid two more buttons on my blouse
displaying my cleavage in a rather obvious way which I knew would appeal to
Kath. She smiled as she opened the door wearing a long dark gown almost brushing
the floor. As soon as I was inside she flung both arms around me, drew me close
and planted a sexy grade A1 star kiss right on my mouth. Then she put her cheek
close to mine and still held me as her hands easily slid up my bare back
underneath my blouse.
         
          "Mmmmm It's good to see you again darling," she said in a
semi-whisper. "You smell so good too. I really have missed you."
         
          "Missed you too," I replied as I drew back my head and looked into her
happy face, our noses almost touching.
         
          As I placed rapid tender kisses on her mouth, her hands slid slowly
around me to hold my breasts and fondle my nipples beneath my blouse. Then her
hands dropped to my waist and she smiled a broad smile.
         
          "And now, I suppose you are going to keep me to my promise about
showing you my very special room."
         
          "Well, you did say..." I began.
         
          "Yes, I know," she cut in. "And I fully intend to keep my promise.
But... are you ready for this? There are things in that room that you'll never
have seen before. Do you have the courage to enter?"
         
          She said all this in a mock heroic tone which made me slightly
apprehensive about what exactly I was going to see. Then she smiled to reassure
me. "Come with me!" And she held out her hand.
         
          First of all she led me to her study. She briefly entered and came out
carrying the largest rusty key I have ever seen. She held it up in front of me
and in her mock dramatic voice said "This is the key which will unlock all my
secrets!"
         
          She put her arm around my waist and hurried me down the corridor where
we eventually reached the black door inset into the wall. I noticed that,
although the door was not much larger than a normal door, it had huge black iron
hinges on it.
         
          Kath inserted the key and turned the lock. There was a loud click as
it opened. Then she lifted the black latch with a clang and opened the door. As
she did so the hinges squeaked and groaned like castle doors always seem to in
TV dramas. It was all very scary and even with the door fully open I couldn't
see a thing. Kath took hold of my hand and swiftly pulled me inside. Then she
slammed the door shut behind us with a dreadful clang.
         
          It was pitch black and I could see nothing. Then I heard a rustling
from the far side of the room followed by a faint giggle and finally a loud
hideous laugh which nearly made me jump out of my skin. I threw my arms around
Kath and clung to her.
         
          "Wh...wh...what was that?" I asked.
         
          She answered by switching on a dim light, and a truly amazing sight
met my eyes. The whole room had been turned into a dungeon. It was obvious that
the stonework was painted, but in the subdued lighting it looked real.
         
          By now I had regained my composure and took my arms from around Kath.
"Oh! And I was enjoying having you clinging to me, " she laughed. Then she
flicked another switch and two powerful lights lit up the whole room.
         
          Becoming braver with the lights on, I took a step forward and gazed
all around me in wonder at the decor. "Gosh Kath. This is truly amazing. What's
in here altogether?"
         
          "Have a look at this," she said and took me back a step to a box just
inside the door. It was filled with buttons and switches. "Remember the laugh
you heard?" she said. She flicked a small switch and the laugh boomed out once
more. I still jumped but not quite as much as the first time.
         
          She pressed buttons and operated a slide to control the volume as we
heard screams and groans and all manner of unearthly sounds. She even made the
sound of the creaking hinges once more, even with the door shut. Another button
produced music, and she flicked through a few seconds of various tracks.
         
          I could see that all around the walls were hooks of all kinds, some
fastened to ancient-looking beams. There was a wooden rack used in ancient times
for stretching people, there were stocks for putting feet in and a pillory for
putting someone's head and hands through. There were several ancient- looking
wooden chests with iron studs and an old cupboard with an ill-fitting door and a
hinge missing. There was an assortment of blocks of wood of varying size and an
amazing selection of ropes and chains draped all over the place. Some were over
a wooden pony - used especially on women. I knew what that was for and I
instinctively closed my legs more.
         
          Almost in the centre of the room was a large frame with hooks all
around it, bars across the middle and handles and wheels at the side. It was
mounted on a wooden platform and I could just see castors underneath.
         
          It looked like some sort of torture frame and I went towards it with
something approaching awe. "What on earth is this thing Kath?" I asked.
         
          "Ah yes. Now that's..." She was interrupted by the ringing of a
telephone some distance away. "Oh, I'm expecting a call from my financial
advisor. That might be him. I'll be as quick as I can. Meanwhile have a look
around. Nothing's locked by the way. Help yourself."
         
          As she turned to go out I spun around and yelled, "Oh, Kath! Please
don't shut the door will you?"
         
          She laughed out loud. "Of course not darling. You don't think I'd lock
you in my dungeon do you? I love you far too much to do that."
         
          I stopped in my tracks. That was the first time that Kath had said she
loved me. Deep down I suppose I knew she did, just as I loved her. But words add
an extra dimension to thoughts don't they?
         
          Kath had told me to help myself so I decided to do just that. The
large, formidable machine in the centre of the room intrigued me so I went over
to have a closer look. Viewing the structure, it was obvious that it was
designed to keep a person in bondage as there were wrist manacles, restraints
for ankles  and neck and the centre bars could be moved forwards or backwards to
push on parts of the body.
         
          I examined the levers and wheels at the sides. These were rather more
complicated but I eventually found that it was possible to spin the whole frame
either forwards or backwards and to hold it in any position. It was certainly
versatile.
              
           I stood on the two small foot platforms and held up my arms towards
the manacles. Mmmm. A person would certainly be spread out on that contraption.
Then I thought about my plans for Kath. I wondered whether I could somehow
persuade her to get on this machine. It would be worth a try.
                   
         I then decided to investigate the contents ofthe chests and the
cupboard. The first of the chests was quite large. There was a piece of paper
taped to the domed lid with the initials FM on it. I opened it and looked
inside. A series of iron rods and small metal boxes met my enquiring gaze. At
first I couldn't make out what they were. Then I moved one of the boxes.
Underneath was another rod and, fixed to the end, was a flesh coloured vibrator.
My mind worked overtime. I had another quick look at the paper on the lid: "FM".
Of course! This was a chest full of fucking machines. Wow!! So that was how Kath
spent some of her time. Again my mind boggled. I use a vibrator regularly but
never one fixed to a machine. I wondered whether Kath would let me try one.
         A smaller chest close by held an assortment of vibrators, dildos -
single and double - and some padlocks with keys in them.
        
         The ancient-looking cupboard was next. I tugged open the door and
revealed an assortment of costumes in silk, leather, hessian and various other
materials, all hanging on a rod. A shelf above held several helmets in varying
designs.
        
         I moved some of the hangings and there, in the corner, partly hidden
was an old cavalry sword. I took it out. It was fairly heavy but I managed to
swish it about above my head. I ran my finger carefully along the blade. It was
blunt. I swung the blade onto the palm of my hand. It was very blunt. I don't
think that sword would have cut red hot butter.
        
         The metal had a subdued sheen and I ran the blade up and down inside my
closed hand. Mmmmm! It was quite a nice sensation!
        
         I suddenly remembered the sword dancing I did as part of a drama course
in art college, and a plot began to emerge in my mind. I sat down on one of the
chests and my imagination engaged top gear as I planned what I would do with
Kath when she returned.
        
         If I could find some suitable music the effect would be even greater. I
quickly went over to the box near the door. I ran my eye down the music menu.
Yes! Ravel's Bolero. Just the thing! An enormous climax at the end. If I
perfomed to the music, I'd know exactly when it was coming. Kath would come too.
Yes, she'd have the best orgasm she'd ever known.
        
         I heard her steps echoing in the passageway outside. I just sauntered
over to the large machine in the centre. Somehow I had to get Kath tied to it so
she couldn't move.
        
         She entered smiling broadly. "Well, Mel. What do you think of my
dungeon and all its accessories?"
        
         "Fascinating! Absolutely fascinating! It must have taken a while to
assemble this lot."
        
         "Not really. A few hours browsing the internet and I had ordered most
of it, including the paint for the stonework. That arrived with a little book of
instructions. I did the painting myself. Do you like my handiwork?"
        
         "Very much," I replied. "I was thinking just how realistic it all
looks."
        
         I stepped up casually onto the platform of the large machine. "What's
this thing for?" I asked.
        
         "Oh, that's a rather complicated bondage machine. You can tie someone
to it and then get their body in any position you wish: upright, upside down,
flat on their back or on their front."
        
         She moved to the side of the machine and demonstrated how the levers
and wheels worked to move the central frame. She also demonstrated that the foot
rests could be moved closer together or further apart.
        
         I made my first move. "How would a person be positioned on it?" I asked
innocently.
        
         Kath pulled up her robe and stepped onto the foot rests. "Those metal
bands would be clamped around their ankles so they were kept inside the frame."
        
         I knelt down to look. "Oh, yes. I see. They fit around like this." I
snapped both bands around her ankles.
        
         "That's it." She pulled up her robe again to let me see. "Just a
minute. Let me take this thing off so you can see better."
        
         She took off her dark robe and underneath the only thing she was
wearing was a pink, halter-neck, side-tie bikini. Perfect! I couldn't have asked
for anything better.
        
         "I was doing a spot of sunbathing in the garden just before you came so
I put the robe on just to cover me," Kath explained.
        
         She spread her hands out sideways. "These manacles are for the wrists,"
she said. I instantly snapped them around her wrists. I had her exactly where I
wanted her. Now she was unable to move out of the frame until I released her.
        
         I stepped back to the end of the platform and stood looking at her,
smiling,  with my arms akimbo. "D'you know, Kath, you look unbelievably sexy
fastened there in that tiny bikini."
        
         She returned my smile as she said, almost shyly, "Flatterer! You're
being very generous."
        
         I walked slowly towards her as my smile disappeared. "Oh no! I'm not
flattering you, darling. I really mean it." I slipped my arms around her and our
bodies touched. "I just love your figure and your silky smooth skin. That pink
bikini really shows it off." I stood on the wide beam near my feet and ran my
fingers lightly up and down her bare back. I kissed her, my tongue briefly
penetrating her lips; just enough to tantalise her.
        
         "Oh Mel!" she muttered softly. I could see her taught arm muscles
pulling at her restraints, but of course she couldn't move.
        
         My hands wandered up her back to her neck seeking the ends of the cord
tied in a bow. I pulled it and the cord dropped down. I found the end of the
cord at her back and pulled that too. Her bikini top dropped onto the platform
floor. I flicked it off with my foot.
        
         I kissed her breast in ever diminishing circles as I held the other in
my hand and pressed her nipple between my fingers. My searching lips eventually
found her nipple and I sucked it into my mouth where it grew hard and erect.
        
         Then I lowered my hands down to her waist and flicked my fingers down
over her hips and up again to her waist. I took hold of the ends of both cords
and pulled the bows undone. A quick flick to the side and Kath was naked, in
bondage, right before me.
        
         My hands wandered all over her smooth skin and when my hand curved
between her legs, I noticed she was shaved. Oooooh! I liked that. It invited
attention from my mouth. As I knelt down in front of her I noticed that she was
considerably aroused with open lips moist with juice. I nibbled her erect
clitoris and she moaned even louder. Her thigh muscles tensed as she tried to
stand on her toes. Her body language and her murmurings told me she was enjoying
herself. But I'd only just started.
        
         I stood up again and nibbled her ear lobes. "Do you like honey, my
love?" I asked.
        
         "Yes," she replied. "Why do you ask?"
        
         "I want us to have a really sweet time together," I murmured close in
her ear. Kath told me where to find the honey and I ran up to the kitchen. I
swiftly took out a small saucer and the jar of honey and poured out a pool onto
the saucer. I hurried back to the dungeon.
        
         I placed the saucer on the beam which ran the width of the machine in
front of the frame, and went over to the door. I chose the music and pressed the
play button. The quiet strains of Ravel's Bolero filled the room. I turned down
the volume; I knew what was to follow.
        
         I slowly started to do my sword dance swinging it around my head and
performing cutting movements to both sides. Then I advanced towards the naked
and helpless Kath and in a threatening manner lunged with the sword towards her.
A series of little steps on my toes took me close enough to stroke her body with
the blade. I started at her ankle and described little circles around her ankle
bone. Slowly I brought up the tip of the blade inside her tensed calf muscles.
When I reached her knee I made little circles before continuing up the inside of
her thigh until the blade rested on the base of her vagina. I turned the blade
upright and slid the tip up and down between her open lips.
        
         Kath was turning redder by the second and her mouth was open gasping in
air as she groaned with pleasure. With the music getting slightly louder I
wanted to heighten her arousal so I dipped the tip of the sword blade in the
saucer of honey and advanced towards Kath. Slowly I placed the tip of the sword
on her nipples and worked the sticky honey all around them. In response, Kath
let out a long Aaaaaah!
        
         I put down the sword, stepped on the beam in front of her, and threw
both arms around her as I took each nipple into my mouth with considerable
fervour and sucked the honey, finishing off the last morsels by licking them
with my tongue. I could clearly feel Kath's responsive body tensing with
pleasure.
        
         Leaving the sword where it was I moved back to the end of the platform
and gyrated my body with sexy movements I knew Kath loved. Then I slowly undid
the buttons of my blouse leaving it open so that she could see I had no bra on
underneath. I turned with my back towards her and slowly slid the blouse off my
shoulders and down my back. I was doing a straight striptease and wanted to
seduce her, so I looked over my shoulder at her and winked.
        
         I held the blouse over my breasts as I turned around, slipped my
curling tongue out through the corner of my mouth and then, with a sudden
movement I flung my blouse aside onto the floor. "Oooooooh! Mel! I want you!"
Kath's shout echoed around the bare walls.
        
         I took one step towards her and undid the zip of my mini-skirt. With
the waistband loose, I spun it around my waist first one way then the other in a
tantalising fashion. I then just let go and it fell around my ankles. A flick
with a shoe and it joined my blouse.
        
         Approaching within inches of Kath's naked body I gyrated and swung my
hard-nippled breasts from side to side as the music grew more intense. Her eyes
were focused greedily on my nipples which I knew she was straining to get at.
Her mouth was open and she kept licking her lips.
        
         I turned my back on her again and stepped away as I lowered my
lace-edged panties. I pushed them down over my butt and then pulled them up
again as I turned around. I spread my legs as wide as possible and ran my hand
down inside my panties and between my vagina lips which were, by now, soaking
wet.
        
         With one swift move I took down my panties and threw them on the floor,
followed seconds later by my shoes. I was totally naked and aroused with Kath
way ahead of me.
        
         I took up the sword again and continued to dance, this time naked,
flinging the sword in all directions and above my head.
        
         Then, as the music reached a new surge I dipped the tip of the blade
into the honey once more and, as I danced close to Kath I smeared the sweetness
all over my nipples and worked it around in circles. I could see Kath's
reddening face beginning to sweat and the veins on her forehad were standing
out.
        
         I lifted the sword high above my head, the handle in one hand and the
blade in the other. I twirled around and looked straight in herhalf-closed eyes.
Then I slowly advanced towards her, stepped up onto the beam and eased my
nipples slowly towards her open mouth. With one just an inch away from her lips,
her tongue shot out and started licking the honey. It was such a fantastic
feeling that I plunged my nipple right into her eager mouth with a gasp. Kath
sucked and licked me as never before with little murmurings of pleasure. I did
the same with my other nipple until there was no vestige of honey left and I
could feel the juice running down my thighs.
        
         I quickly stepped round to the side of the machine and spun the frame
slowly over until it was almost parallel with the floor with Kath spread open
and lying on her back. I twirled the wheel that controlled the position of
footplates and moved them wider apart until her feet touched the sides of the
frame.
        
         I continued my sword dance twisting and flinging the sword in circles
above my head as the music increased in volume. A few short steps took me around
to the other side of the frame above Kath's head. I stood with the sword high
above my head and my tummy brushing her hair. Then, keeping my arms at full
stretch I lowered the blade down below her ribs. As it rested right across her
body, I slowly drew it upwards until it reached her breasts. I followed their
contour and, with the blade flicked her nipples several times drawing gasps as
she moved her head from side to side in sexual pleasure. I could clearly hear
her panting and groaning and knew she had reached the point when a woman is
completely out of control and her only thought and desire is a complete and
uncontrolled orgasm.
        
         I almost ran around the frame to Kath's wide open legs. I lifted the
sword high above my head and brought it down in a chopping movement stopping
just above her open vagina which was shining with milky juice. Slowly I inserted
the blade inside her. When I'd penetrated to about three inches, I turned the
blade sideways, then upright again, then sideways opening and closing her vagina
lips. By the arching of her back I knew she was near to an orgasm, so I
pentrated further and further, then twirled the blade in small circles as I
alternately plunged and withdrew it. Her taut leg muscles and clenched toes told
me how much she was enjoying the sensation. Then suddenly with several twists of
her head and a loud scream Kath reached orgasm. I saw the blade of the sword
shining as her juice ran freely down it. Between gasps she kept muttering "Oh
Mel! Oh Mel!"
        
         She was still panting and her lovely chest rising and falling as I
turned the frame upright once more. I took my sword and faced her again. The
handle of the sword had an extension of several inches each side designed to
protect the  hand, but on this occasion, I had a different use for it. I stood
looking straight at Kath, then lowered the blade point onto the floor. I spread
my thighs and inserted one handle extension inside my slippery vagina. I closed
my legs and held it there. Then I deliberately started gyrating my naked body to
and fro with my hands above my head.
        
         It had the effect I had hoped for. Kath looked as though she was
struggling to escape, her mouth was open and her tongue licked her lips. "Oh
Mel! Take me! Take me! I want your sword!" I rushed forward onto the beam in
front of her and inserted the other part of the handle extension in her vagina.
With the warm, hard steel inside us we both pushed and gyrated our naked
sweating bodies together as the cymbals clashed, the music growing faster and
louder. The crescendo matched ours. I knew we were both about to come. I grasped
Kath's breasts in my hands and forced my open mouth on hers. That did it! We
both exploded together with muffled cries of sexual ecstasy. The sword was
doubly baptised.
        
         For a short while we clung together panting and murmuring before I took
the sword handle out from between our legs. I looked Kath in the eyes as I held
her close to me. She had a faint smile playing around her lips. "Oh, Mel! That
was really something else. It really, really was."
        
         She seemed to sag and I think it was only the frame that kept her up.
Her eyes were closed and she had a seraphic smile on her face. I slipped my arms
around her as I kissed her eyes and then her lips. "I think we both enjoyed that
didn't we?" I said.
        
        
        
         I released Kath from her bondage and we just stood there looking at our
shining bodies. We smiled at each other.
        
         "You know what we both need now," I said.
        
         "A shower!" yelled Kath.
        
         And with that we both ran naked up the passageway. We walked through
the hall and into the bathroom where my paintings were hanging.
        
         After some mutual soaping and washing and lots of wet embraces, we
dried each other lovingly.
        
         "It's a beautiful warm, sunny day," said Kath. "Let's go and lie on the
lawn just as we are."
        
         "Great idea!" I replied. And with our arms around each other we walked
out into the sun-drenched garden.
        
         We stretched out, side by side, on the grass under the light shade of a
silver birch tree. I loved the feel of the warm summer air on my naked body.
        
         Kath took my hand in hers and squeezed it. She spoke quietly. "I want
you to know, darling, that I really appreciated what you did for me today. You
are my favourite swordswoman, and I loved your dance."
        
         "Oh, it was a two-way street Kath," I replied. "I enjoyed it too."
        
         In reply she just squeezed my hand again.
        
         We lay basking in the sun for several minutes. Then I felt Kath moving
as she started to giggle. She ended with a loud laugh, turned onto her elbow and
looked straight into my eyes. "Mel... I've just remembered something."
        
         "What's that?"
        
         "The word "vagina" comes from a Latin word meaning "sheath". We both
laughed together.
        
         "Any time you want to use me as your sheath, just phone. I'll get
stripped and have the sword waiting."
        
        
        
         EPILOGUE
        
         Four days later I received a small parcel in the post. I opened it and
took out a most attractive jewelry box. Inside I found a pair of gold earrings,
and hanging from each ring was a long golden sword.
        
         There was also a small envelope. I opened it and took out a card. In
Kath's neat handwriting were the words: "To the world's greatest swordswoman. A
token of appreciation from your devoted sheath - Kath."
        
         I smiled contentedly. Do you ever get that warm "mission accomplished!"
feeling? I had it right then.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Melanie Kay


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





