BDSM Library - Latvia




Latvia
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An accident prone women naive in many ways, finds herself a victim in a country that is as unforgiving as it is cold.  She is now older and writing in her journal to help her psychiatrist recover from her hard times in life.Latvia (Part One)  
The Life Changing event  
By Fargrace  
Most people don't know about the country I am from. Most people would never
  even dream of coming here if they knew the things that have happened in my
  life. I would say that I am an average girl for Latvia. I am 25 years old and
  blonde. Most women here in Latvia are either blonde or Russian. I weigh about
  60 kilograms, but I'm not sure what that comes out to in pounds. My breasts
  are large, I believe they would be DD in America, maybe only single D, fairly
  firm for their size and with dark large nipples. My ass is small and shapely.
  Most men aren't disappointed at least not with the way I look.  
Most people can't relate all their problems back to a single moment, but
  I can. I used to believe that most people live their entire lives without any
  real pain occurring in their lives and that the only suffering that occurred
  was when a loved one died of old age. Unfortunately, that isn't the case with
  me, not since I was 18. I had taken a job at the aerobics center in Vecriga.
  At that time, since Latvia was fairly new to being a non-soviet country, it
  was the first type of gym Latvia had. Only rich Mafia men and their wives or
  girlfriends could afford to go there. My classes were always full and it seemed
  like I never stopped working. I had 5 or 6 classes each day and I was well
  known for giving to hardest workouts that the gym had to offer.  
I later found out that most of the women who attended my class hated me.
  Most of them disliked that not only did I do so many classes, but also that
  I worked harder then any of the women in the classes. They felt like I was
  showing off for the men who could watch the whole class through glass windows.
  I think in some part of my mind I was at least dressing to please the men,
  but when I worked out... that was for me. I remember well what I was wearing
  that day. I was wearing a tight pair of red nylon shorts with a white sports
  bra. As with most aerobics classes, we didn't wear shoes which I later found
  out is really weird for Americans, but very common for Latvians.  
It was my last class of the day and I was just finishing up with the stretches
  when 3 men walked into he class. They were all handsome and muscular, but so
  are most men in this country. It isn't hard to find a sexy man... just hard
  to find a man who wants to have kids and only one woman. Anyway, the bulkiest
  of the men asked me if I realized that I was so sweaty that my nipples could
  be seen through my bra. I looked down to find that the material had become
  fairly transparent, but not as bad as he was claiming.  
I then replied, &quot;Could you not disturb my class please and my top is
  doing just fine in covering me up.&quot; The three men laughed and started
  walking towards me. I started to get up, but when I was almost to my feet one
  of the women from the front row had grabbed my hair and jerked me back to the
  floor. A couple of seconds later, all three men had me pinned to the floor
  and all the women were standing behind them.  
I asked, &quot;What the fuck is going on?&quot;  
That was when one of the women replied, &quot; We are tired of your attitude
  and that you are trying to steal our men away. So we arranged for our men to
  give you exactly what you been begging them to do.&quot;  
&quot;I don't know what you are talking about. Get your hands off me you
  creeps.&quot; But my screams weren't heard by anyone. A couple of minutes later
  with the ladies' help, the men had my hands and feet taped to a bench press
  bench with my legs spread wide. I tried to get away, but I can still remember
  how well multiple strands of tape could hold me so well to the bench even though
  I was sweaty. I felt pretty scared, but the men seemed to be leaving me for
  the women, which in it's own way was a comfort to me.  
I remember looking up into one of my student's eyes, her name was Aiga, and
  thinking, &quot;oh thank god, she is going to help me out&quot;. Then a sick
  looking smile came across her 25 year old Russian face as she used what later
  I realized was a box cutter to cut away my clothes. First she cut away my shorts,
  slicing the outsides of my thighs while she was at it. She did it so viciously
  that I even felt the blade cutting into my skin. She pulled my shorts and panties
  away with a jerk then handed the knife over to a gorgeous dark-skinned 21-year-old
  gypsy girl named Olga. I never liked Olga, but she sure looked good in a leotard.
  She had about the same sized breasts as I did, and long black straight hair.
  I swear that she could have had any man that she wanted and to this day, I
  don't know why she felt threatened by me. She cut away my bra from the inside,
  which I was happier about, because I could feel the sweat rolling across the
  cuts on my legs and it hurt bad. I thought at the time that the wounds were
  deep, but they turned out to be pretty miner even though they bled a lot.  
I wanted to get away so bad, but the nudity didn't bother me since I didn't
  really see any men around any more. I struggled as much as I could which caused
  my breasts to swing wildly back and forth. One of the women said that I was
  acting like a haughty bitch in heat. That is when I saw my boss and about 10
  other men standing off to one side. My boss was always nice to me, so I figured
  he had brought the cavalry, but I was wrong. My boss walked up and took the
  knife from Olga and said very proudly, &quot;Your fired, I emptied out your
  locker for you and your clothes have been thrown out as well as your purse.
  I kept what little money you had on you to pay the cleaning lady for this mess
  you are creating on your way out.&quot; It occurred to me then that I no longer
  had any clothes to get home in, nor did I have any money to pay for trolleybus
  to get me home.  
My boss knew what I was thinking and I could see the smile appearing on his
  face. He asked if I wanted help up and all I could do at that moment was shake
  my head yes. He then reached down and grabbed one of my nipples and pulled
  as hard as he could as if by pulling on my breasts it would help me sit up.
  I screamed in pain and started tried to call him every bad word I could think
  of. If that wasn't bad enough, my boss then using the knife made two little
  cuts on the tips of my nipples. I screamed in pain, but in truth it didn't
  hurt all that much and no one could hear more than a muffle. It was more a
  scream of fear that they were going to kill me. He then got down on one knee
  and started to suck on my right nipple. Another man I didn't know started sucking
  the other nipple too and Olga then got down between my legs and started licking
  my cunt that was spread so wide for everyone to see. I was more then a little
  shocked, but I don't know whether it was the fear or just that they knew exactly
  how to pleasure me. I found myself getting very excited. I even bucked my hips
  in response to Olga's work on my clit. I couldn't believe it, even though I
  knew I didn't want this attention, my body desired their touch.  
I was just about to have an orgasm when Olga stopped. The men continued to
  suck on my large breasts greedily, but it wasn't enough to bring me to an orgasm.
  Another man then walked up with what looked like a car battery and jumper cables.
  He attached one massive and dirty clamp to both my vaginal lips. I jerked roughly
  trying to get away and all arousal disappeared. The two men seeing me in such
  distress bit down on my nipples in what seemed like unison. Between the clamp
  and the biting of my breasts I couldn't help but cry. I wanted to die the pain
  was so great. I started to jerk, but that only made things worse. I soon stopped
  jerking and tried with all my strength to just lay still. The two men released
  my imprisoned breasts, which I thought I would be relieved, but in their absence
  another pain came, almost as if the blood didn't want to return to my nipples
  anymore. It burned and ached at the same time.  
Everyone just stood there and watched. The men all had bulges in their pants
  and the women all had smiles on their faces. They all watched me so long that
  I thought they were done with me, but then the man with the jumper cables touched
  the other cable to my right inner thigh. I felt a pain like I had never felt
  before. The pain centered at my pussy and seemed to jump to my thigh. He then
  touched the other inner thigh and I bucked in pain. The pain was excruciating.
  I would have done anything at that moment to get the pain to stop, anything.
  He then went back to the right leg... then the left... and the right... he
  continued for what seemed like forever. I couldn't get used to the quick bursts
  of pain. He just kept touching me. Finally, he stopped.  
Olga walked back up to me. She looked so pleased. &quot;If we untape you,
  will you do whatever we say?&quot; she asked. I nodded my head and she removed
  the tape. As soon as I could, I rolled onto the floor and started begging for
  my life. I was ordered to be quiet though by Olga and I complied.  
&quot;Lick my cunt you whore&quot; Olga ordered as she sat on the same bench
  I was just taped too. She pulled off her workout pants and panties. I instantly
  without question swooped in and started licking her pussy as best I could,
  but I had never done it before and wasn't doing all that entirely well.  
Olga then hit me squarely in the nose. It didn't hurt that much, but scared
  me. I dove back in to try harder at licking her pussy and again she hit me.
  All of a sudden, a man was behind me and shoved his dick up my ass forcing
  my face into Olga's fist and pussy yet again.  
&quot;Is that all the best you can do for me you stupid fucking bitch? I
  guess pussy isn't your choice of meat. Here, try Jauns' penis then!&quot; As
  she stepped away, my eyes came in contact with the biggest penis I had ever
  seen. It was about 11 inches long and as wide as my hand. I didn't think that
  there was any way, I would do any better with him then I did with her since
  he was so big. I opened my mouth to accept just the head, but the man ramming
  my ass pushed so hard that I fell into it. Jauns then grabbed my hair and pulled
  as hard as he could to get the whole thing in my mouth. It was so big and so
  deep. I couldn't breath. I tried to push away only to be kicked in the stomach
  by another women I still can't remember the name of even today.  
&quot;You said you would do anything to stay alive, you can't even suck my
  man's dick. You stupid cunt, you're just asking to die.&quot; Jauns was still
  pulling hard on my head and with the kick to the stomach I had almost no air
  left. I wanted to keep trying to give a better blowjob, but my body would not
  respond the way my mind was asking it to. My hands just kept pushing at Jauns'
  hips.  
Jauns laughed. &quot;That's okay babe, I like your mouth better anyway. I
  wasn't looking for a blowjob. I just needed to take a leak.&quot; All of a
  sudden I felt a hot burning liquid poor down my throat. It burned and it made
  my empty stomach lurch with pain. I couldn't breath though so I even probably
  swallowed faster then he was peeing, but he just kept peeing. I was sure that
  I was blue in the face, I had been denied air for so long, then the man fucking
  me in the ass pulled out and so did Jauns. I fell to the floor gasping for
  air and gagging at the same time.  
The man raping my ass spoke up, &quot;That cunt shit on my prick.&quot; Everyone
  laughed as he grabbed my hair. &quot;You stupid bitch, look at my dick. Look
  at what you did to my dick.&quot; Sure enough, there was a bit of shit at the
  tip of his cock just after the head, and blood and such down the length. He
  was about 5 to 6 inches long and of normal width, but it seemed much larger
  when he was raping my ass. &quot;You better clean it off.&quot; He shouted.  
I reached over to grab what was left of my shorts to wipe it off, when he
  stepped on my fingers. &quot;No you stupid cunt, with your mouth&quot;. He
  then shoved his penis in my mouth too. It wasn't as large as the last one and
  if I moved it just right I could breath through my nose, but god, it tasted
  horrible. At that moment, I puked all the piss in my stomach back up and sprayed
  him from the waste down.  
I couldn't believe what had just happened. I instantly forgot the pain in
  my pussy from the battery cables, the pain in my stomach from the kicking and
  the piss, the pain in my bleeding breasts, and the pain in my throat and lungs
  from the huge cock and started licking his body with my tongue as I begged
  for forgiveness. I was sure that they were going to kill me at that moment
  and in Latvia, it wouldn't even be hard to get away with. I continued to plead
  and lick as fast as I could. The crowd of people behind me started laughing
  and the man just stood there. I think he was as shocked as I was, maybe even
  more.  
Then like a hurricane, the man grabbed me by the hair and threw me at the
  bench. He started barking orders faster then I could comprehend, but everyone
  obeyed his orders as if their life depended on it. I found myself being lifted
  off the ground and held down to the bench by so much tape and hands that I
  couldn't budge if I wanted too. Then the man I puked on started fucking me
  with his piss covered, shit covered, and blood covered penis. He did it so
  hard that I thought he was trying to tear my pussy apart. It hurt, but was
  sort of arousing too. I hated it even though I found myself going through multiple
  orgasms with one right on top of the other. The man was wild with anger and
  the fact that I seemed to be enjoying it with my body at least pissed him off
  even more.  
I think that it was probably on my sixth or seventh orgasm that I felt the
  first jolt. The same man from earlier with the jumper cables was back. While
  one man tried to fuck me to death another man was sending jolts of electricity
  from one breast to the other. My body felt like a war was being played out
  on it. My chest was exploding. My heart was beating harder then it ever had
  before or ever should have. All the while my pussy was betraying me and pissing
  off my rapist.  
Then as quickly as it had begun... it ended. I passed out. I don't know if
  it was from the pain or the pleasure. I probably never will know. I found myself
  clean. Even the cuts on the side of my hips were covered in bandages. I was
  naked and I was maybe two or three blocks from the gym on a park bench. My
  nipple was pierced with a nail and on the nail was a letter. It was typed and
  stated very clearly that they never wanted to see or hear from me again. Not
  to ever go back to the gym and not to expect any help from the police or they
  would finish what they started.  
Now seven years later, I find myself going to a therapist and him telling
  me that the only way to understand how my life's events have affected me is
  to relive them in a controlled atmosphere. He told me to write what happened
  in a story and to bring it to him the following week and that he and I would
  experience it together. All I know is because of my first job... my life was
  never the same.  
Latvia (Part Two)  
The Recovery Boyfriend  
By Fargrace  
I would like to explain that the reason I am writing this is that my therapist
  feels it necessary for me to relive my past events in a controlled atmosphere
  so that I will be able to understand how I felt and with this understanding
  I will be able to go on with my life. I am currently 25 years old, but my life
  actually started taking a unique turn when I was only 18. I am now about 60
  kilograms with a very slender figure. My ass is very firm due to a habit I
  have of over exercising, or exercising to the point of exhaustion. My breasts
  are either D or DD in American bra sizes and still fairly firm. I am about
  5 and half feet tall with long blonde hair and blue eyes. I think that I am
  beautiful and if my life events have proven anything, it is maybe that I am
  too beautiful.  
After loosing my job and the events that followed it, I didn't start socializing
  again for about three months. I spent most of my time in bed and I moved back
  home to the country with my parents. It was about three months later when a
  couple of my friends that I had known since kindergarten insisted that I go
  clubbing with them for my birthday. They were about a week late so they had
  a hard argument, but eventually they did convince me. They knew what happened
  and swore that nothing would happen like that with them around. I believed
  them and went out with them since they were my oldest and dearest friends.
  That was the night I met Mikails, or Michael in English.  
Mikails was and still is a gypsy. He had beautiful dark skin and hair so
  black you could get lost in it's black on black highlights. His face had high
  cheekbones and he was pure muscle from head to foot. In truth, he wasn't anything
  special by Latvian standards. If anything because of his gypsy heritage most
  women wouldn't like him, but for me, he was truly desirable. He was dancing
  with three other women when he saw me and immediately walked away from them.
  My girlfriends saw him too, but they responded less than favorable to his approach.
  As he walked toward the table he never stopped looking at me, but when he asked
  me to dance, my girlfriends told him in many unpleasant words to get lost.
  I didn't say yes or no, so he took my lack of response to mean no and walked
  away. As the night progressed my girlfriends spent the night dancing just with
  me and it was very pleasant, but I told them that I wanted to try and dance
  with a man. They said okay and they would keep an eye on me. I went over to
  Mikails and asked if he was still willing to dance with me. He responded by
  taking my hand and leading me out onto the dance floor. He was such a great
  dancer and was always careful not to touch too much of me, but still just enough.
  At the end of the night we traded phone numbers and went our separate ways.
  My friends had kept their promise and brought me home safely.  
I continued to see Mikails for quite some time. I used him as a security
  blanket from the world and he did a wonderful job of protecting me, but he
  always seemed a little curious about why I was always so scared. Finally, one
  day he asked and I decided that I could tell him. I don't know why I told him
  and to this day I feel that it was a mistake. He changed on that day though.
  He continued to protect me, but his protection started to have a price. He
  would tell me to do things for him and being afraid to loose him I did them.
  After a while, I moved out of my parents' house and moved in with him. He never
  asked much, most of the time he just asked to see me masturbate while he watched
  or allow him to take pictures of me naked. A lot of the time, I enjoyed his
  little tasks as much as he did. They started to become an every day thing that
  I expected and needed. Later in life, I realized that he was slowly making
  me his submissive. We continued like this for about a year, but then money
  started to get low and I needed to go to work to make ends meet. He helped
  me find a job that seemed safe. I turned out to be a law firm that I was to
  act as a secretary. I received really good money and I liked whom I worked
  with, but my sexual exploits with Mikails started to dwindle.  
Mikails didn't like that lack of sex so his games started to change. He brought
  me to a local shopping center. The place was packed with people old and young.
  I remember that I was wearing a beautiful white sundress with matching high
  heels. No bra was needed with the dress and because the bottom was so free
  moving I could wear normal white panties with it. Mikails brought me to middle
  of the hallway and ordered me to remove my panties right then and there. I
  started to refuse, but then he told me that if I didn't, he would leave me
  forever. I couldn't believe it. I thought he loved me. I told him to shove
  it and he said okay and started to walk away. I got scared. I chased after
  him crying and begging him not to leave me. Everyone in the shopping center
  stopped walking and went quiet just so as that they could watch what was going
  on. He stopped and turned around without saying a word and just looked at me.
  I knew what he expected, but it was even harder with everyone watching me.
  I whispered to him, "Please, let me wait a bit then I will do it." He smiled,
  but shook his head, he told me something along the lines that the reason why
  people were watching us was my fault and that since it was my error, I had
  to live with it. I nodded and then reached under my dress and started to pull
  my panties off. I was crying, but doing it quietly. When they were off, he
  told me to use them to dry my tears and I did. Then he took them from me and
  we continued our shopping spree.  
Mikails told me as we walked around to bookstores and electronic stores that
  I had done well and that I deserved a treat. I was happy he felt that way and
  realized that other than the actually act of removing my panties; it was kind
  of nice not to be wearing them. He asked me what kind of food I felt would
  be a worthy treat to what I had done. I still couldn't believe that he was
  willing to leave me over such a stupid thing, and decided that we should go
  to the fancy Italian restaurant. He thought that the restaurant was a good
  choice and we went. He asked for non-smoking, but the only place free was out
  on the patio. I didn't like the idea of being outside without panties on, but
  I agreed anyway since I liked smoke even less. When we went out the wind caught
  my dress and blew it up, I caught the front at the last minute but the back
  of the dress went up and I flashed everyone inside the restaurant with my bare
  butt. I heard a few men say how sexy I was and a couple old ladies grunt in
  disgust, but I sat down in a hurry and tried to forget it. Mikails liked it
  though and as soon as I sat down and the waiter left us the menus he told me
  that I wasn't aloud to touch my dress for the rest of the day. I started to
  argue, but stopped. Mikails thought I stopped, because of his glaring eyes,
  but in truth I figured that all I had to worry about was a quick dash back
  inside the restaurant because the car was parked in an underground parking
  lot accessible by the street and by the inside of the restaurant. So I figured
  I would save that fight for another time. We ate our meal and talked. Everything
  seemed back to normal minus a cool breeze across my pussy every once in a while.
  When the meal was done, he went inside to pay. On the way in, he caught the
  waiter and it seemed he asked for the bill. Then gave the waiter some money.
  The waiter grinned and walked away. As soon as the wind seemed to die down,
  I followed Mikails in.  
Mikails said that he was sorry for how he acted earlier and that he felt
  really bad. He escorted me down to the car and said that we should go out for
  some drinks. It was about that time that it started raining and since the last
  thing I wanted was to walk around in the rain and have my dress blowing up,
  I recommended the dance club that was connected to the restaurant that we had
  just eaten at. He thought that it was a wise decision and we went back up to
  the bar portion of the restaurant. We then sat down at the bar and had a few
  cocktails. After a while Mikails asked me if I wanted to dance. The song was
  slow so I thought that there wasn't anything to worry about as far as exposure
  was concerned.  
Now I would like to remind you that Mikails always knew how to dance. Well,
  living with him for so long, I started to learn too. At this point, we were
  a wonderful duo as far as amateur dancing was concerned. The dance was a waltz
  and we did it so well it seemed like magic. After a while I realized that I
  was starting to get excited and my pussy was so wet that it was running down
  my legs and I loved it. We danced the waltz for over an hour only stopping
  once in a while for the fast songs to get another drink. After a while though,
  I found myself getting very drunk. I told Mikails that I didn't want to drink
  any more and he seemed okay with that. Then a fast song came, and since I didn't
  want to drink we stayed on the dance floor. It was a swing style song, which
  was Mikails favorite style of dance. I liked it too, but it occurred to me
  too late that I wasn't dressed enough for swing music. Before I knew it, Mikails
  and I had the entire bar watching us doing swing dancing. At first I thought
  it was because we were so good, but then I realized it was because Mikails
  had tossed me around so many times that I had flashed everyone in the bar my
  pussy at least five times a piece. I was so shocked that I stopped dancing
  immediately. I slapped Mikails and ran to the bathroom.  
When I got in there, I locked myself in. Inside, I cried so hard and the
  harder I cried the more my pussy ached. I realized then that I really had enjoyed
  what was happening to me that day, but felt betrayed by Mikails. I then took
  tissue out and wiped my pussy dry, wiped my eyes dry and decided that it was
  time to go home. I freshened up my make-up and walked back out into the bar,
  but Mikails was nowhere to be seen. After I looked around a little bit, I went
  to the bartender and asked about Mikails, the bartender told me that he told
  him to tell me that he went home without me. I wanted to cry, but decided that
  I had better head home.  
As I stepped outside, I realized that the rain was coming down real hard
  and really fast. I didn't have an umbrella nor did I have a coat. I was happy
  that I had some money to pay for the bus. I knew that this was just another
  one of Mikails punishments so I tried to make the best of it. I ran out and
  tried to get to the bus stop as quickly as I could. Of course, no matter how
  fast you get to the stop, doesn't mean the bus comes any faster. I was getting
  soaked. My hair was matted down and my dress was now transparent. Every part
  of my body was visible. My nipples were standing out hard. My pubic hair was
  holding the dress close and my ass was just round enough to literally catch
  all the rain. I might as well have been naked. I was so soaked and cold. My
  breasts were rock hard they were so cold. Then I saw it, a taxi. I had just
  gotten to the taxi and looked at the driver when I realized that the man was
  looking a little too close at me. The last thing I thought a good idea was
  to get in a car with a stranger and have that stranger drive me somewhere out
  of my control, so I ran back to the bus stop, just in time to catch my bus.
  Unfortunately, it was about 10pm on a Friday and the bus was just full enough
  to have all seats taken and a few people standing. I had to stand too and when
  doing so, show everyone on the bus what I looked like nearly naked, but this
  wasn't Mikails doing. This was my decision and I liked it. I realized that
  I had to hold the straps over my head and when I did so, it pulled the dress
  up almost entirely exposing my pussy, but in truth hid it more since the fabric
  was no longer touching my sex. Well that was the case for all but the woman
  who was sitting next to where I stood and the woman behind me sitting.  
I thought I was pretty safe though with women sitting next to me, but I was
  wrong. One woman who was sitting closest to me had obviously had too much to
  drink. She reached up and started rubbing my clit. I wanted her to stop, but
  it felt so good. Meanwhile one arm as holding on the security strap to stop
  me from falling, the other hand was at first trying to stop the woman, but
  then on its own desire held the woman's hand next to my sex to get more. I
  knew an orgasm was coming and found myself rubbing my nipples through the dress
  while the whole bus watched me getting fingered by another woman. She rubbed
  the clit just enough then inserted her finger. Before long I was bucking my
  hips to her finger movements while pinching my own nipples. An orgasm erupted
  and I fell to the floor free from the woman's touch, but I wanted more. While
  lying there on the floor of the bus, I started to masturbate. I loved the touch
  of my fingers even better than the woman. The ticket man for the bus then asked
  if he could help and two other men had come closer to see if they could get
  a better view. I didn't answer, but a couple of seconds later I had another
  orgasm.  
It was then that I realized that the next stop was mine. I got up while everyone
  gave me space, no one wanted to. I tried to fix my dress. I grabbed my purse
  and got off at my stop. I entered my apartment wondering what to expect from
  Mikails. When I entered, he was sitting in his favorite chair watching the
  television. He indicated that he liked what he saw and acted as if it was entirely
  my choice. I fucked him all night long. I had so many orgasms while I thought
  about what happened that night. He fell asleep with a wilted penis while I
  masturbated a couple more orgasms out of myself. Then when I awoke in the morning,
  I called a friend that lived in the same town and moved out that same day.
  I haven't seen Mikails since and I have no desire to.  
Latvia (Part Three)  
The Artist  
By Fargrace  
I would like to explain that the reason I am writing this is that my therapist
  feels it necessary for me to relive my past events in a controlled atmosphere
  so that I will be able to understand how I felt and with this understanding
  I will be able to go on with my life. I am currently 25 years old, but my life
  actually started taking a unique turn when I was only 18. I am now about 60
  kilograms with a very slender figure. My ass is very firm due to a habit I
  have of over exercising, or exercising to the point of exhaustion. My breasts
  are either D or DD in American bra sizes and still fairly firm. I am about
  5 and half feet tall with long blonde hair and blue eyes. I think that I am
  beautiful and if my life events have proven anything, it is maybe that I am
  too beautiful.  
"As the article says, you will be paid 100 lats for one days work. That is
  10 hours at 10 lats an hour. I need a model with a nice body, but your face
  isn't important for my artwork. I have to say, you will be perfect." The artist
  replies.  
"Why so much? For Latvia that is almost an entire months pay." I ask.  
"I do plaster work. I am going to be putting lots of plaster all over your
  body. The position is stressful and it takes a long time for the plaster to
  set up. Also, the artwork is with you nude and blind for the entire 10 hours.
  Most models won't do this without a decent paycheck."  
"Ok, so what does this work entitle?"  
"Well, you will be more or less with your butt in the air and all your weight
  on your hands and feet. I plaster starting from the bottom and work my way
  up. You will be wearing a mask with breathing tubes and a bag over your head
  to prevent your hair from getting stuck in the plaster. Once the plaster has
  become hard enough on your hands and feet, then I do your head. Once the plaster
  around your head is hard enough, I work on the rest of your body. If you need
  something to drink then I will hook up some juice or what not to the tube in
  your mouth for you to drink. It will be long tedious work, but in the end I
  should have a good cast and lots of pictures to sell. Are you still interested?
  I am ready to begin now." The artist sits back and waits for my response.  
"Now, I didn't realize it would start so soon, I'm not even wearing make-up."  
"You don't need make-up. You look fine. All that I am interested in is your
  body and your patience. Do you have other plans for today?" He asks.  
"Well no, but how do I know your money is good. Do you have a contract ready
  to be signed?"  
"No, no contract. It is a little after noon now. We can start immediately
  and I promise to have you out of the plaster by 10pm tonight. Here is 100 lats
  so you know that you are going to get paid." He handed me the money.  
"Well okay, I guess I'm ready." I say questioningly.  
"Ok go back there and take off all of your clothes." He points to a shabby
  curtain in another room. "Also, you will see a bottle of oil, rub it all over
  your body. It will help prevent the plaster from sticking to you too much and
  ensure a good clean mold."  
I went back and started removing my clothes. In truth, I was a little excited
  both emotionally and erotically. The idea that this artist was going to pay
  me so much money for one days worth of work sounded great. Also, I liked the
  idea of getting to show everyone what I looked like naked and no one getting
  to see my face. I looked in the mirror. God, I had a nice body. I mean nothing
  special by Latvian standards, but still very impressive. I found the oil and
  started rubbing it on my body. It wasn't normal oil, which surprised me. I
  started with feet and worked my way up. It made my skin tingle and slightly
  burn, sort of like using Bengay or Icy Hot muscle cream. It burned enough that
  I thought it a good idea not to rub my sex with it. I rubbed a little in my
  bush just to make sure that my pubic hairs didn't get stuck in the plaster
  and just the very top of my butt, but not the crack of my ass. I continued
  up and did my breasts and neck. As I put down the bottle, I noticed that my
  whole body burned and my sex, even though I hadn't touched there was begging
  for me to play with it. I couldn't believe it, I had some man waiting to do
  his art and all I could think of was rubbing my clit and having an orgasm.  
"Ok, I will be right back. I need to go get some more water for the plaster,
  just wait for me." He then walked out of the room as if on cue.  
I sat down and started rubbing my clit. It felt so wonderful. I had gotten
  really good at masturbation. I haven't spent a night with a man in the longest
  time. I didn't feel like I could trust anyone after Michael. It had been about
  a year or so since we broke up. To be honest, this artist will be the only
  man to see me naked since Michael. Oh, I knew that I would finish within just
  another 30 seconds when the artist returned.  
"I'm ready, please come on out."  
Oh I wanted to scream. My whole body was begging to be fucked. My pussy was
  so swollen that it looked like I had put a chunk of beef between my legs. The
  artist didn't seem to notice nor care.  
"Please stand over here inside this wood box." He said as he pointed to what
  looked like a sand box without any sand. "Place your feet on one end and your
  hands about a foot in front of your feet, with both your hands and your feet
  being spread apart by about two feet."  
As I got down into this position, I felt very exposed. My ass and pussy were
  now the main objects on display it seemed. I was just starting to get second
  thoughts when the artist dumped a huge vat of what looked like white cream
  inside the box.  
"Ok, don't move a muscle. Don't move your fingers, your toes, or even your
  head. Just stay like that. I'm going to go get your mask and the bag to go
  over your hair and face."  
He then left me alone in the room. Of course the first thing to happen is
  that I started to itch. I didn't want to move. I didn't want to ruin what the
  artist was trying to make. My sex was itchy, but that was from not getting
  to finish, but then my nose, my breasts that were just hanging in mid air,
  and of course my back. It seemed like forever before he returned with the mask.  
"Have you moved at all? If you have, tell me now so that I don't find out
  when I think that I am done."  
"No, I have been a good little girl." I replied. "I have to say though, that
  oil is making me itch."  
"Ya, it sometimes does that, where does it itch? If you would like I will
  scratch that spot for you."  
"Please would you, my nose itches and my back." I thought it best not to
  ask for my sex and breasts.  
He then rubbed my nose and scratched my back. He didn't act in anyway out
  of place. "Ok, it seems to have set pretty good. Tell me, can you move your
  fingers or your toes."  
"No, wow, I can't move anything except my head. I can't even bend my knees."  
"Ya, the plaster is pretty good then. Here let me put this mask and bag over
  your head and then we will get started on the next step. Oh no&hellip; I forgot.
  Um, I don't know how to tell you this, but I am going to have to shave you."  
"My head, no way, I thought you said that my head didn't matter with the
  bag."  
"Not your head silly girl, your pussy. It will ruin the mold. I am so sorry,
  I didn't even think of that. Would that be alright?"  
"Ah&hellip; I don't really think I get a choice. I'm no longer capable of
  doing it."  
He then left the room and returned with a bucket of water, a sponge, a bar
  of soap, and a razor. He then sat at my feet and got me slightly damp with
  the sponge. It was the soap though that did me in. He started rubbing it all
  over my sex. He then rubbed it in a little harder with just his hand continually
  touching my clit. My already aroused sex was aching. I wanted the artist to
  fuck me so bad. He then stopped and started using the razor and finished off
  with the sponge again. My sex was completely aroused and I felt more exposed
  then I have ever felt before. My pussy was as bare as the day I was born.  
"Done, now I will reapply the oil and put the mask on you." He then squirted
  a ton of the itchy oil all over my sex and ass. He rubbed it in good and hard.
  He made sure to get every crevice of my sex and even managed to accidentally
  slide his finger in my ass just a tiny bit. I knew it wouldn't be long before
  I was screaming at him to fuck my brains out. Then he slipped the mask over
  my nose and made sure to get the tube in my mouth. He then put a bucket that
  didn't have a bottom around the tubes. The tubes then stuck out the bottom
  about two feet. He then filled the bucket with the same white foamy stuff he
  put around my feet.  
"The water in this plaster will re-soften the plaster around your feet and
  hands which will allow them to combine as if they are one piece. Unfortunately
  the bucket is a little short so could I get you to bow your back and plant
  your face right in the middle of that plaster."  
I did as he asked putting an incredible amount of strain on my back. As soon
  as I was in place, he put another bucket like object on top of my head and
  filled it also with plaster. It fit tightly around my neck and with a couple
  of clicks I realized I would be able to lift my head back up. My back was already
  starting to ache horribly and without really wanting to I started to cry into
  the plastic bag around my head. I then felt more liquid plaster on top of my
  head. It must have been a lot, because it felt like my head was being crushed.  
After about an hour I felt what I assumed to be the bottomless barrel rubbing
  against my breasts, probably from him removing them, but I also realized that
  I couldn't hear anything. After a bit longer, I started to feel what I assumed
  to be a fan blowing air on me probably to help the plaster dry, but it was
  so cold and I could feel my nipples getting hard.  
It seemed like forever, but I had no idea how long before I finally felt
  the artist touch a portion of my body again. He seemed interested in my breasts
  and was pulling them roughly with his hands. First he grabbed them and pulled
  down, I swore that he was trying to pull them off, then he pulled the right
  one right and the left one left. He then suddenly let go. I hoped that he was
  done, but he then grabbed the right nipple and pulled it down as he slipped
  some sort of clamp on it. I wanted to wiggle away from the clamp, but I couldn't
  even sort of move. He then did it again to the left nipple. It hurt so badly.
  It made my breasts feel like they were on fire and frozen at the same time.
  At this moment, I knew that I must be crying, but I couldn't hear even my own
  breathing let alone my sobs. My heart was beating a thousand times a second.
  The clamps must have weighed close to 25 pounds.  
I figured that it couldn't get any worse, but then I felt his hand pulling
  and prodding my pussy lips. He occasionally what seemed accidental slipped
  a finger or thumb inside of me. It was humiliating. Then I felt something clamp
  onto my clit. The sudden jolt hurt so awfully. I think that I started to hyperventilate
  or something, but then as I tried to breathe in through my mouth I was welcomed
  to some very sour juice. I choked and spit it into the bag around my head.
  It smelled like piss. I couldn't believe it; he gave me piss to drink.  
* * * * *  
The artist couldn't believe his luck. He had been preparing for this for
  months and then she walked in, his Venus. He knew that at this moment, that
  she was wishing that she was dead. He had planned it perfectly. He even had
  the entire interview on tape. His art was going to be a hit. He explained to
  his camcorder that now that his victim was at his mercy that he was going to
  do everything he could to make this a true work of art. The plaster sign now
  hung from her clit and nipples, which said, "Fuck Whore" written on it.  
Now came his finally portion. He had designed a plaster man that when water
  was pumped through it, caused the statue to move it's hips forcing it's huge
  12 inch penis with a diameter of 3 inches back and forth. In addition, the
  huge penis also pushed water out as if it was piss or cum. The water would
  then pour out of the victim's cunt and be collected by what seems to be the
  statues balls, but in reality is just a small bowl with a plastic lining that
  would be clued to the victim's pussy area that also connected to the speed
  regulation. The more water that came out of the victim, the faster the statue
  would pump, up to a speed of one lung per second. The only twist was instead
  of using water he was using a water-based lubricant.  
* * * * *  
I then felt a vibration of something being moved up behind me, then my pussy
  was being violated by something that seemed to be shaped similar to that of
  a penis, but I couldn't be sure. It wouldn't slide into my pussy, which at
  first I was happy for, but then I felt the artists' hands rubbing more oil
  on me and into me. At one point I thought that I felt around 4 fingers shoved
  deep inside of me. Then as I was starting to feel just a bit of pleasure from
  his hand, it was removed and the object was replaced. This time it entered
  easily.  
My breasts started to go numb, but my clit being already quite sensitive
  wouldn't relent. I knew that something was wrong and did everything I could
  not to take a drink of the piss I was given to drink. That is when I felt the
  water and the phallic object being forced deeper into my vagina. It was slowly
  moving into me and it felt so big. I didn't think that I could handle something
  so large, but at the same time it sort of felt warm and soothing. Soon I realized
  that it was stretching me as wide as I had ever been stretched and retreating.  
I was truly scared at the predicament that I found myself in. I couldn't
  move and now a huge penis like machine was raping me. It was then that I started
  to feel slight vibrations around my feet, hands and head. I wondered how long
  I had been in this artists work. I didn't think that it was more than a few
  hours and was starting to worry if he would ever be stopping the penis machine.
  I was even a bit scared that he would never let me out.  
A slow warmth started building in my loins. The machine was starting to increase
  in speed and my pussy was starting to betray me. I found myself concentrating
  only on the next forced entry of the machine. I couldn't believe it; I was
  getting close to an orgasm. Then the orgasm passed and a second orgasm started
  building. After a while I lost count of how many orgasms I had. All I knew
  was that the orgasms were no longer pleasurable. Then I lost consciousness.  
I woke to find that the machine was still fucking me, but I now no longer
  had any idea how long I had been in this situation.  
Then the machine stopped. I felt the penis being pulled out of my pussy,
  but the muscles of my pussy were trying to hold it in place. About a half hour
  later, the plaster around my right hand and right foot came free. Another half
  hour the plaster around my left side came free. As soon as my hands and feet
  we free though, I started choking. My arms and legs wouldn't cooperate and
  wouldn't support me. I was being hanged because my body wouldn't hold me. I
  then felt the artist lift me up with one arm and then my head was free. He
  then let me go and I fell to the floor.  
I awoke finding myself wrapped in a blanket in a room with my close sitting
  next to me. I noticed that my purse wasn't closed properly so I grabbed it
  and looked for the hundred dollars. It was there in full. I then got dressed
  and left knowing that I would never go back for more money.  
Four months later, I received a large envelope in the mail. I opened it to
  find two tickets to see an art show in Old Riga. There was no note or explanation
  just the tickets. I didn't have a boyfriend at the time, so I asked one of
  my co-workers to go with me. Her name was Natalie, and she said sure and seemed
  happy enough just to have something to do for that Friday night.  
I don't know why tickets to an art show and my encounter with the artist
  didn't connect, but when I walked through the front door and everyone started
  looking at me, I knew something was wrong.  
There were three separate areas. Each had some plaster mold in it that looked
  like it was missing something. It turned out that there were two other women
  that were taken advantage of by this artist. Each of us had a picture of our
  faces on display as well as a picture of us completely nude. Also, a few select
  pictures of us in each phase of the artwork.  
One girl looked like her head was stuck in a tree, while a giant bird poked
  her in the butt with its beak. A closer look showed that the beak was positioned
  to actually enter her butt in a downward motion. It must have been horrible
  to have the bird's beak first of all inserted into your anus repeatedly, but
  it must have been even worse to have the bird pushing down stretching the anus.
  A video was shown of the bird working. There was blood going down the woman's
  legs. The blood was actually even still on the plaster mold on display as if
  the artist didn't do anything additional after cutting the girl loose. This
  are was called "The Raping of Mother Nature".  
The second girl looked as if she was in a plaster bed made for delivering
  babies. The head of the bed had two nurses over her, which was where her head
  and hands were locked into place. The foot of the bed had a doctor and the
  girl's feet up in stir-ups. The statue of the doctor had a baby in its arms.
  The video showed the doctor pulling the baby in and out of the girl, never
  quite pulling it all the way in or out. The video also had a lot of blood in
  it. This one was labeled, "Born Bad".  
It turned out that the finished product of me looked like I was sticking
  my head in a man's urinal while being fucked by a white statue. In captions
  it said, "Being Fucked by the Porcelain God". I even had to admit to myself
  that the double-entendre was kind of funny, but I couldn't believe that I was
  being displayed in such a way. Then I realized what was hanging from my breasts.
  The sign that said, "Fuck Whore", raced across my mind.  
I turned to run out when I realized that Natalie was there. Her mouth was
  wide open. I started to cry and tried to push my way through the crowd in embarrassment,
  but they just wouldn't move out of the way. Then I heard him.  
"Thank you all for coming. Unfortunately, two of the three girls are still
  in the hospital from the limits that my artwork put them through. Not to worry
  though, the last of my girls did come for you all to meet. Please feel free
  to tell her what you think of her sacrifice and remember that the bar will
  be open all night."  
If I thought that it was hard to get out of there before, it was even harder
  now. Everyone was trying to touch me and talk to me. Many people were grabbing
  my breasts and ass as they asked if I had any lasting effects. Finally, 20
  minutes later I found myself outside and running down the street.  
When I showed up to work on Monday, everyone was looking at me as I entered
  the door and my boss immediately walked up to me and brought me to the back
  room. In short, he said that I was fired and that my past time adventures wouldn't
  look good for the company. He also said that he had seen the work as well over
  the weekend and if I got off on that kind of stuff that I needed to see a doctor.
  I left in tears never to return.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fargrace


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





