BDSM Library - Ming




Ming
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautiful young chef makes the most of treachery and bad luck by planning and starring in her final banquet, with the help of her deceitful but inventive lover.MING   
&copy;2005 by C.A.Smith  
In collaboration with a real, live Ming  
whose fantasy inspired the story.  
Chapter 1  
Was it bravery or boredom that had made her do it? Ming certainly wasn't
  the gambling kind. Or, at least, never had been. And she was not  kinky!
  Not really. Not her real self. Not counting the stuff Lyle had brought into
  her life. But she wouldn't have done those things if it weren't for trying
  to please him  . She just went along with it. Although
  she couldn't in all honesty deny that it turned her on. Some of it. Well, most
  of it, actually. Was it her fault that her body responded with huge orgasms?
  She had no control over that. She didn't want it to happen, but it did. And
  who could blame her for craving more of it, for letting him do those disgusting
  things to her when it led to such shatteringly delicious results?  
"You need to come out of your shell," he had told her.  
Well, she had certainly done that  .  
It had started out as their own private play, but it wasn't long before he
  made it obvious that if she hoped to continue their relationship she would
  have to start going with him to his "Club." Be his partner. His submissive.
  Expand their play to include his friends. And she had to admit she had agreed
  to it of her own free will. Partly out of curiosity, of course. And partly
  because her long suppressed wild side had been longing to break free, take
  risks! But the biggest part, the deal sealer, was her fear of losing him if
  she chickened out. He was too good a catch to let slip away just to preserve
  her preconceived notions of modesty.  
Lyle didn't share those notions. He openly scoffed at her parent's old-world
  sense of decorum. Made it clear that he considered modesty and virginity useless
  traits. Worse than useless: unattractive and pretentious. What he valued in
  a woman was sensuality and a single-minded desire to please her man. In other
  words (words he never actually spoke, but clearly implied), if she wanted to
  keep the handsome Dr. Lyle Bach as her boyfriend (not to mention her dream
  of a more permanent arrangement), she needed to chuck her pre-Lyle concepts
  of propriety and adopt his.  
So she did.  
It wasn't so hard, actually, except for the first time she had to strip naked
  in front of a room full of people, then hang chained up and helpless as he
  hung things from her tits and stuffed things up her vagina for their amusement!
  But she got used to it. In fact, truth be told, it was probably the embarrassment
  of doing such intensely private things in public that made her orgasms so explosive.  
Still, none of that was anything like this! This was monstrous! It made her
  tremble to think of it! It made her sick with fear. But it also made her damp.  
There was a darker possibility as well that might explain why she had agreed
  to this new madness. Perhaps it was just her perverted way of expressing an
  anger she did not dare put into words. She had agreed, after all, as part of
  the lifestyle she had entered into with him, that Lyle was free to fuck anyone
  he so desired. He had made it clear that he didn't believe in monogamy and
  would not restrict himself to any one sex partner, nor should she, either.
  She had swallowed her pride and bought into it. Why not? She was young, sexually
  overheated and crazily in love.  
But free love for all concerned was not how it played out in actual practice.
  As it turned out, he alone, as "the loving Dominant" in their relationship,
  would choose all the alternate sexual partners for both of them. In short,
  he could fuck every woman who struck his fancy and was willing to drop her
  panties, including God knows how many, nurses, colleagues, patients and casual
  pick-ups at God knows how many of the bars he popped into on the way home.
  Ming, on the other hand, was required to wait until it pleased him to offer
  her to a dinner guest or to one of the guys at the Iron Feather Club. Often
  she was presented in trade for some other woman's favors. Sometimes she (or
  more specifically, her cunt) was merely collateral in a poker game.  
In fairness, sometimes the loan of her body worked out well for her. Some
  of the guys at the Club were hot! Two in particular, Jason and Kyle, made her
  leak rivers! Just thinking of them &mdash; their thick, curly hair, their hard
  muscular bodies, their mouths on her lips and throat and breasts, their teeth
  nibbling at her nipples &mdash; always made her tingle. But most of the Club
  doms were overweight louts breathing stale tobacco at her as they pumped away,
  oblivious to her discomfort and unconcerned that merely loading her little
  Asian vagina with semen did nothing to stir her own feminine libido. They assumed
  she had closed her eyes to enjoy the feel of their cocks slamming into her,
  hoping it would go on and on. When, in fact, she was hoping they would cum
  soon and get off her. When, in fact, she was trying to distract herself from
  the squishing and slapping at her crotch by envisioning Lyle's sweet square
  face and remembering his gentle touch. When, in fact, she was nursing a deepening
  resentment of the love he squandered on his many easy conquests, on the busty
  bimbos who clenched his manhood in their hot, wet twats and moaned in an ecstacy
  that he should have been providing her  . That was rightfully
  hers!  
Was that why she had taken this insane chance? Her desperate jealousy? Was
  her acquiescence just a ploy to win back his full attention? Well, of course
  it was. He named the tune and she danced to it. He hummed; and she &mdash; gowned
  and bejeweled, or naked and demeaned &mdash; danced.  
Would taking this risk bring back the old loving Lyle? Was his promise worth
  anything? Would he really change? Winning the draw might or might not result
  in recapturing Lyle's wholehearted affections, whereas losing was a definite
  end to everything. There would be no going back. Death is permanent.  
More than that, if she lost, hers would be no ordinary death. She had already
  witnessed what they did to three young women on three earlier occasions, three
  pretty girls who had also gambled. And who lost. Maybe they, too, had been
  trying to salvage a souring relationship. Maybe they, too, thought holding
  on to their lovers was a prize worth risking all to win. Perhaps they, like
  her, were reassured by the fact that the odds were greatly in their favor.
  Or maybe, like her, they found themselves strangely excited by the risk, whatever
  the outcome.  
Was that why Ming hadn't put up more resistance? Did she get as much a rush
  out of the possibility of losing as the hope of winning? Was she that crazy?  
At the beginning, of course, it seemed relatively innocuous. A harmless agreement
  to an enigmatic invitation backed by a thrilling promise. She remembered the
  conversation well.  
"You've really been enjoying yourself at the Club lately, haven't you?" he
  had asked, his wilting rod still entrenched deep within her, slippery now with
  their combined juices.  
"It's okay." Her gradually slowing heartbeat made her voice quiver.  
"It's okay," he mimicked, licking her upper lip and the side of her nose. "Don't
  give me the 'it's okay' act. I've seen your eyes sparkle with lust and heard
  you scream."  
"Women can fake stuff, you know."  
"They can't fake the stuff that pours out of your pretty little love canal
  while you're getting worked up. Did you know you cream when I tie you up? You
  cream harder when I flog those firm little Chinese tits or cane that tawny
  ass or those shapely thighs." He ran a hand over her breasts and belly as he
  talked, letting it trail down through the little black furry patch. "You cream
  most of all when you're chained down to a mattress to be a whore toy to a bunch
  of horny bikers." He quickly clamped his mouth over hers to stanch the automatic
  protest before it could move from her dark almond eyes to her lips. "So don't
  give me that 'it's okay' shit," he whispered into her mouth, holding his lips
  firmly against hers, ready to bite off her words, letting his fingers slip
  between her labia, still slick from love-making, replacing his withdrawn member
  while stroking her still wet and swollen clit with his thumb, giving her little
  after-thrills. "Admit you like it my exotic little sexpot. Admit you enjoy
  watching me get hard binding you up and mistreating you like the lovely little
  Oriental slut you are. Say you love it!"  
 He lifted his face a millimeter to let her answer, feeling her lips brush
  his as they moved, her breath still slightly tinged with the fragrance of the
  ejaculate she had swallowed earlier.  
"I love you  , my darling."  
"Not good enough, Ming. I cannot accept your profession of love for me unless
  you also confess to loving the places I take you and the pleasures I share
  with you. How can you love me if you do not love doing the things that give
  me pleasure? I love you, my sweet little Chinese tart, because you are different.
  You are daring. You wholeheartedly submit yourself to my desires. You give
  yourself without hesitation to the things I enjoy. You submit your beautiful,
  exotic body to whatever uses I desire because it turns me on and makes me love
  you beyond all reason. You know that the Iron Feather Club is one of my greatest
  pleasures and that in joining me there as my fully submissive partner you have
  given me great delight! So tell me you  love it, too."  
"I love it."  
"You love what? Spell it out."  
Ming squirmed under his weight, pretending to attempt escape, but he pinned
  her down. She sighed in surrender.  
"I love to make you happy," she said. "Going to the Club makes you happy.
  So I love to go the Club with you."  
"And if there were more I wanted of you? Other places I wanted to take you?"  
"Whither you go, I shall go," she responded, vaguely quoting some famous
  remark she'd read somewhere.  
"There is a place I want you to go. Want to take you to. It's very important
  to me. Will you go?"  
"Of course. Where is it?"  
"It's not so much a place as an organization. It's called the Millennium
  Group."  
"What do they do? Is it more BDSM?"  
"No. Quite different. It's a secret group. They meet quarterly for a banquet."  
"So what's so secret about a banquet?"  
"They do scary things at these banquets. Exciting things. But quite . . .
  illicit."  
"Drugs? I won't do drugs."  
"No drugs."  
"So what's so scary?"  
"I won't tell you. You'll see for yourself. If you agree to go."  
"I've already agreed to go. But why won't you give me some clue as to what
  goes on that makes it so scary, and . . . what did you call it? Illicit?"  
"I have my reasons."  
"So maybe I'll change my mind. Maybe I won't go. Maybe I'm already too scared."  
"You'll go because you love me. You'll go because it's what I want. Because
  if you go it will demonstrate that you are the girl I thought you were when
  we first started dating. When you moved in with me."  
"I've always given in to you on sexual stuff, yes. And the bondage and discipline.
  Because I love you too much to say no to any of it. Even screwing other guys,
  since that's what you want. And only  because you want
  it. But now you're talking illegal stuff. That's what you really mean, isn't
  it? Illicit means illegal. And when you say it's scary . . . well shit, that
  could mean anything. It's scary enough being tied up and helpless. What does
  this kind of scary   involve?"  
"Don't you trust me, Ming?"  
"Yes, I trust you. You should know that by now, dammit! How often have I
  hesitated to do what you ask?"  
"Because trust is a vital component of love. If you don't trust me, you don't
  love me."  
"Jesus, Lyle!" She turned away so he wouldn't see the tears forming. "What
  do I have to do to prove to you that I love and trust you that I haven't already
  done?"  
She knew it was the wrong question the instant it left her mouth. He couldn't
  have asked for a better setup.  
"You can prove it by going with me without asking any more questions."  
She sighed in defeat. Fear had become a standard ingredient in their relationship.
  Perhaps the most exciting part. She knew she was just blowing smoke. He knew
  it, too.  
"You know what I think of monogamy," he said, clutching her to him and rolling
  on to his back, savoring the feel of her breasts pressing down on his chest. "So
  let me make this promise: if you have the courage, and if you love me enough
  to take this step into the unknown, I will from now on not so much as look
  at another woman. I promise. It's that important to me. Please, Ming, tell
  me you'll do it. That you'll attend the next Millennium Group banquet, no questions
  asked."  
She doubted his sincerity about giving up other women, but she was intrigued.  
How could a banquet be so important?  
"Okay," she murmured as he caressed her back. "You know I'll go. You know
  I can't resist an offer like that. But please, tell me something  about
  this group. I'm not asking you to reveal any deep, dark secrets; just a little
  something so I'll have some idea what to wear, how to prepare myself mentally."  
"It's a worldwide organization that began in your parents' neck of the woods.
  Thailand, I think."  
"My parents are Chinese."  
"Whatever. The point is, they do something that no other group does. It's
  extremely erotic and exciting, and therefore illegal. That's all I'm going
  to tell you. But I stress again: this means everything to me, Ming. So if you
  decide to back out, I'll find someone who will. But you're the one I want.
  Please! It's what I want for us."  
"It's not BDSM?"  
"Not at all."  
"I won't be whipped or chained up or made to do stuff?"  
"Nothing will be done to you that you don't volunteer for. Only one thing
  will be required of you: that you eat what's served. And I promise: it will
  be delicious."  
"What's the scary part?"  
"I told you. You'll find out."  
And indeed she had!  
Lyle had not deceived her. It was not a BDSM group. She was not restrained
  or hurt in any way. The people were interesting, the activities were fun and
  the sex (lots of sex!) was entirely consensual and mostly in private rooms.
  The dinners were delicious, just as he promised. She was the only one who threw
  up (and only at that first banquet), but everyone was very solicitous and assured
  her that vomiting was a common reaction for first-timers. She soon got over
  her squeamishness.  
Ming would have walked away from it all the instant she saw the first dead
  girl, but it was already too late. Lyle had seen to that.  
  Chapter 2  
He had made her write out a statement in her own handwriting and sign it
  in blood. In her own goddamn blood! Made her cut the index finger of her left
  hand and drain blood into a little candy dish. He produced from somewhere an
  old-fashioned quill pen and had her dip it into the blood to sign the statement.
  The blood was for psychological purposes, of course. Ming knew that even then.
  What she didn't know was that the document was a legal bullet that would prove
  lethal if she ever betrayed Lyle or the Millennium Group. In it she avowed
  that she was "fully aware of what went on" at those banquets and that she participated
  in them of her own free will as a matter of religious conviction. She claimed
  to subscribe to "an ancient indigenous religion" for which the banquets and
  all attendant activities were "a vital part of worship."  
She had no idea what she was confessing to, what really went on at the Millennium
  Group. Had she known, she told herself later, she would have backed out. Gone
  to the police. Turned them all in, Lyle included. But in her heart she knew
  that was rubbish. She would have gone with him anyway. Bitching and dragging
  her feet, to be sure, but she would have gone. Because he insisted. Because
  he had made a bright promise in the shadow of a unspeakable threat. He had
  promised her his exclusive devotion, forsaking all others, if she would go.
  He had also assured her that if she did not, he would find someone who would,
  someone equally as beautiful as she, someone unreservedly willing and eager
  to please him. Ming had no doubt he would find such a woman. He was surrounded
  by them! Her resistance, therefore, was minimal, a mere tickle and taunt show
  intended only to make him beg her with more ardor, convince her with his body.
  He played along charmingly, nibbling her ear lobes as she drew her own blood,
  licking the lips between her legs as she signed the spurious confession to
  a capital crime.  
Ming could only hope that the Millennium Group was just another gathering
  of middle-aged professionals who like to treat themselves and their favorite
  tart to a fancy dinner followed by some kind of naughty entertainment. The
  first hint that "illicit" was an understatement came when Lyle insisted on
  blindfolding her as they drove to the location of the banquet. Time stood still
  for her during that long period of rolling darkness, but she registered every
  word of his chatter as the Mercedes hummed along unseen streets and roads.
  She was told the Millennium Group met three times a year at a private estate.  
"How many members are there?"  
"Worldwide? Several hundred. For these local banquets, we usually get a dozen
  couples or so. They come from all over the world."  
"If you throw a banquet, they will cum. Is that it?" She made a finger gesture
  to illustrate the pun.  
"That's part of it."  
"But not the 'illicit' part."  
"No. Consensual coitus is licit."  
"So there'll be about twenty-four members?"  
"Twelve members. At least twelve. Only the men are members. The women are
  their guests."  
"Oh great. A men's club with bimbos. Or is it doms with their submissives?"  
"Neither, exactly. You'll see. The only real purpose of 'membership,' per
  se, is to keep the contact list as narrow as possible. There's also a certain
  turnover among the women while the males remain pretty constant."  
"Is that because the women don't like it as much?"  
"Not at all. You'll see."  
"Or maybe it's because the only women there are girlfriends and mistresses.
  The wives and kids get left at home."  
"Could be."  
"That way the Members can discard their old females for new models now and
  then. Bring fresh, younger cunt to the party."  
"Now you're showing your insecurities. Honestly, I have no idea why your
  self-confidence is so low. You're incredibly beautiful! In fact, I'd love to
  hang that nude photo of you on my office wall, right opposite my desk. The
  one with you stepping out of the shower. As it is, I keep it in that top desk
  drawer where I can pull it out between patients and drink in your loveliness
  over and over."  
The flattery would have been more enjoyable if she didn't know that his examination
  of the patients between claimed peeks at her photo were far more intimate.  
"Yeah, right," she said. "My tits are too small."  
She heard him snort in disgust. It was a sore point in her mind, a feeling
  of inadequacy she couldn't seem to shake. She had been told by plenty of men,
  including Lyle, that her breasts were firm and perfectly proportioned to her
  small frame. In fact, Lyle refused to let her wear a bra in his presence, insisting
  she let the pert nipples poke sexily against whatever top she was wearing.
  Yet she could not help but compare herself against the full-busted young women
  he examined every day in his office, women whose boobs were swelling with milk
  to feed the fetus growing in their tummies. Boobs he would carefully examine
  with fingers and eyes on every visit.  
"Don't be absurd. Your tits are exactly right," he scolded for the thousandth
  time. "Your nipples are among the world's seven wonders! I never tire of flicking
  them and sucking them." He reached over and demonstrated by pinching her left
  nipple affectionately. "Your breasts will still be firm and perfect years after
  all the big-boobed babes who brag about their size D's are drooping and sagging
  to their waists. I love your tits and you know it! I love all of you, my darling
  Ming. I love you so much it's hard to sit here and drive and not jump over
  there and ravish you. You can't begin to know what it means to me that you've
  agreed to do this, to put your trust in me, to love me so much you would even
  sign that paper in blood. Now I know you're really mine and I can concentrate
  all my love on you."  
These were words she had signed her name in blood to hear. But the comfort
  of the words began to wane once more as the miles and hours of darkness behind
  the blindfold wore on. She made sporadic attempts to relieve her doubts with
  talk.  
"How long have you been a member of this group?"  
"The Millennium Group? Five years."  
"So you've brought other women?"  
"Not since I've been with you. I've been waiting for the right moment to
  ask you."  
"What was the right moment?"  
"When you had proved at the Club that you loved me enough to submit to my
  wishes without complaint, even suffering pain if it pleased me. The ultimate
  proof of your love and submission was allowing me to loan you to others. That
  showed that you truly think of yourself as mine. Mine to love and even to loan
  to my friends if I wish. By unfailingly submitting to my will in order to give
  me pleasure, you have proved yourself the most perfect mate a man could hope
  to have. You are my ideal love partner. And you're proving it again right now
  by trusting me, sitting there blindfolded, not knowing where we're going or
  what will happen when we get there. God I love you!"  
She basked in his words. Groped for his hand on the steering wheel. Found
  it and squeezed it in her own small hand. Brought it over and pressed it against
  her breast. After a while he slid his fingers out from under hers and combed
  them through the short black cascade of her hair, gently grazing the soft bronze
  of her cheek and neck.  
"You'll mess up my hair," she said automatically as she leaned her head into
  his fingers.  
"I love your hair."  
"Most men prefer blondes."  
"Most men are asses. Blonde can't compare with the soft natural luster of
  jet black hair. And I love the cut, the way it curves around your cute little
  face, frames it like the work of art it is, with those sexy black eyes and
  flawless skin. You have the clearest, silkiest skin it's ever been my pleasure
  to see and touch.."  
And you've seen and touched plenty!   she thought. Another
  unbidden reflex from the well of her insecurities. But it was true. An ObGyn
  gets to see and feel lots of tender feminine flesh. Despite her love for him,
  Ming couldn't help but be skeptical about his insistent dismissal of the endless
  daily flow of impregnated women as "mere clinical objects, young female animals
  of the human persuasion" who meant nothing more to him than the pictures in
  his medical texts. Trouble was, Ming knew from experience that he could never
  look at a woman with mere clinical objectivity. How could he do so when he
  was between their legs every working day, up close and personal with their
  vaginas, breathing in the natural perfumes of their sex, probing inside their
  sacred, grottos with his thinly gloved and lubricated fingers. How could the
  horny Lyle she knew not be aroused when he was feeling those innumerable breasts
  for prenatal lumps, kneading the milk-swollen mammaries for long, extremely
  attentive minutes. Did he really need to pinch and pull on the nipples to test
  their readiness for nursing? Did he really need to stand behind them, cup both
  breasts in his hands and knead them for two minutes to check for "asymmetrical
  anomalies?" She knew he did these things because once, in an unguarded moment
  of levity, he'd laughed about it, at how na&iuml;ve they were, these sex-deprived
  baby carriers.  
Ming had seen her hunky boyfriend around enough women to know how easily
  they fell under his spell, how they reacted to that magazine model face with
  its curly black hair and steel blue eyes. She had observed him in action many
  times at the Iron Feather Club, diddling those bosomy, oversexed subs for whom
  he had swapped Ming's services. She saw how readily they accepted their fate,
  how lustily they got into the spirit of being fucked by the incredibly good-looking
  doctor. She had also watched his eyes at work in stores, on the street, in
  malls, in restaurants, at the beach &mdash; every place where young women flaunted
  bare midriffs, precarious cleavage, tanned thighs and pretty faces. He never
  missed an opportunity to take it all in. She could see his mind working behind
  those sharp blue eyes: undressing, caressing, perhaps tying up, definitely
  entering one of their juicy young holes.  
She felt she was in constant competition. Hell, she knew  she
  was! And with only the most fragile of assets: her exotic beauty and a bright
  yet submissive mind. She was arm candy with a UCLA degree and a kink. She was
  a safe escort who would not embarrass him at social gatherings; a wanton slut
  who would not disappoint him in bed; a pliant sex-slave would not disobey him
  at the Club. Beauty, brains, submission. Those were the assets that had won
  him. Were they enough to hold him? Was Lyle really ready to embrace monogamy?  
"Let's not waste the trip just talking," he was saying. She heard the telltale
  zip. His hand closed on hers and drew it over to the front of his trousers. "Pull
  it out for me," he told her. "I want to feel your warm fingers wrapped around
  me."  
She knew he wanted a lot more than that, but the gearshift and armrest between
  their seats made it too awkward. He had lamented that obstruction in the past,
  although not enough to have traded in this zesty little sports model for an
  uncool sedan with a bench seat. Rather, he had learned to make do with the
  magic she worked with her neatly manicured hand.  
Not that she herself didn't want to deliver the full treatment. Amazingly,
  before she'd begun dating the hot Dr. Lyle Bach she had been too shy to touch
  a boy's "thing," much less take it into her mouth. Looking back, she was appalled
  at how shy she was. A social mongrel, she was two-thirds California girl, born
  and schooled in the wilds of L.A., and one third Chinese, raised in the conservative
  home of a couple from Taiwan. How on earth she had managed to land the astonishingly
  sexy Dr. Bach, even as hordes of buxom blonde starlets and pheromone-drenched
  nurses threw themselves at him? Was she more beautiful than they? Hardly. It
  had to be the one-third of her that reflected her Chinese mother's unswerving
  subservience to Daddy. It had to be that she, more than any of his other open-thighed
  admirers, was willing to subordinate her own needs to his. She was his fawning
  Asian beauty, happily groveling at his feet, letting him rule the roost.  
One aspect of their relationship still bothered her, however. What if she
  were to become pregnant? He kept "loaning" her to Club members. Few of them
  deigned to wear condoms. Would he accept a child of unknown siring? She had
  asked him, of course, but he only waved it off.  
"Don't worry about it. When the time comes for us to raise a family, you
  won't be screwing anyone but me."  
When the time comes? What did that mean? Aborting every conception until
  he's ready to settle down? The possibility made her sick to her stomach. But
  she dared not press the issue. There were all those gorgeous blondes ready
  to step in an take her place. Besides, she liked to assume that the other half
  of "you won't be screwing anyone but me" was that he wouldn't be screwing anyone
  but her. So she went along with the program. Whatever it was.  
Including this trip to the mysterious Millennium Group. Whatever it  was.  
Lyle popped a CD into the Mercedes' sound system and hummed along with it
  as he hardened to Ming's touch, riding the slow buildup of the rush, Ming's
  experienced motions taking him in carefully managed gradations to the ultimate
  crest. She was ready with a tissue to collect his sperm at the climax, protecting
  his suit from the spurting. She hoped he would be satisfied with that. But,
  of course, he was not.  
"Come on, my darling. You know how to finish."  
Without a word she placed the tissue in her left palm, opened it up, raised
  it to her mouth and licked up the puddle of semen, swallowing it down.  
"Good girl," he said. "Before this day's over, I'll do the same for you."  
At the thought, an electric current surged up from her clitoris. It grew
  more urgent when he leaned over and kissed her ear.  
She squeezed his cock to show her appreciation for his affection.  
This was going to be a great evening, she decided.  
Which just goes to show how na&iuml;ve a girl can be.  
  Chapter 3  
When the blindfold came off, they were inside a gated estate moving down
  a long, smoothly paved drive lined on both sides by towering ornamental conifers.
  How long had she been trapped in flannel darkness? She couldn't tell. Long
  enough for the damn thing to have become really  annoying!
  Checking the dashboard clock didn't help; Lyle had covered it with tape. He'd
  also put the odometer on "Trip A" and reset it to zero. He obviously intended
  that she have virtually no idea of where they were, including how long it took
  to get there. She guessed it had been four or five hours because they had left
  right after an early breakfast and the sun was still high overhead.  
Just before the blindfold was removed she had felt the Mercedes slow down,
  turn sharply to the right and come to a softly punctuated stop. The window
  on Lyle's side had hissed down, letting in a draft of warm air, sweet with
  the scents of grass, trees and flowers.  
"Your card, please, Sir."  
A male voice. Polite but not obsequious. Several long moments of silence,
  save for the call of distant songbirds.  
"Thank you, Dr. Bach. They're waiting for you and Ms. Ming. Have a wonderful
  day."  
"Thank you," her lover had answered. "I expect to."  
It was less than a minute after that that he had removed the damned blindfold.
  She shook her head and tried to pat her hair back to a semblance of tidiness.  
"Jesus Christ, Lyle! Do all the women who come here get this damned blindfold
  treatment? Or is it just me?"  
"It's SOP for all newcomers, both men and women. After that, it depends."  
"On what?"  
"On whether they intend to keep coming back. For the men that means joining
  up as a member. The women who come back and participate in the activities become
  PG's. Privileged Guests. PG's only have to be blindfolded within five miles
  of the grounds. It's just a matter of security."  
"So in other words, the women have to put up with blindfolds but the men
  don't?"  
"In a word, yes."  
"What the fuck does that mean? Women are greater risks than men?"  
"As it happens, that's the case."  
She snorted. "Oh great! Rampant sexism. But then, this is  a
  men's club, isn't it."  
He bristled. "No it's not. A men's  club is a place
  where women are excluded so men can enjoy a purely masculine environment. In
  a 'men's club' women are invited only for special occasions, if then. The Millennium
  Group, on the contrary, is fifty-fifty men and  women.
  It's just that the members, the men, are more vulnerable to . . . ah . . .
  legal complications than the women, so they're less likely to bring the wrong
  kind of attention to our activities."  
"Those would be the 'illicit' goings on that you mentioned."  
"That's right."  
"And that you won't tell me about."  
"Because it's better that you experience them yourself and not make prejudgments.
  At any rate, that's why the men are considered less of a security risk."  
"So you're going to keep blindfolding me for these trips?"  
He favored her with a warm smile. "As I said, if you decide you want to be
  my permanent guest and join in with the spirit of the group, it'll only be
  for the last eight or ten minutes of the trip. There are also a couple of other
  options."  
"Like what?"  
"I could put you in the trunk."  
"Terrific! I can add discomfort to blindness."  
"Or I can put you to sleep for the whole trip."  
She eyed him suspiciously. "How would you do that?"  
"I'm a doctor, remember? There's a certain serum I can inject. You'll be
  out like a light till we get here."  
"And there's another serum to wake me up?"  
"You'll wake up naturally, all refreshed."  
"So why didn't you offer it this time?"  
"Because you're much more fun when you're awake." He leered at her.  
She gave him a little half-suppressed smile. "Yeah, well you can just get
  out the serum and keep yourself zipped up from now on."  
"Look, I'm expecting you'll become a Permanent Guest right away, and surely
  you can put up with a blindfold for ten minutes. You endure lots more than
  that at the Club."  
She made a small non-committal grunt, but what he said was obviously true.  
"You should know," he went on, "that I intend to keep coming to these events
  and you're the one I want to have with me. I'm trusting that you want that,
  too."  
He glanced over at her. There was no plea in his eyes. The meaning of his
  remark was clear enough. Her dream of a permanent connection to the good Dr.
  Bach hinged on how well she took to this Millennium Group, on how enthusiastically
  she embraced whatever shadowy activities went on here.  
It was at that point Ming had made her fateful decision. She wanted Lyle
  at any cost. She prepared herself to accept whatever was coming. After all,
  how bad could it be if all these other "permanent guests" kept coming back?  
As these thoughts filled her mind, the Mercedes emerged from the evergreen
  sentinels into a spacious curved arc that circled past the grand portico of
  an enormous three-story mansion. The massive roof of the portico was supported
  by six fluted Corinthian columns. It doubled as an ornate third floor balcony
  enclosed by a wrought iron balustrade. Six granite steps ran the length of
  the portico separating it's marble-tiled floor from the brick walkway between
  the mansion and the curve of the driveway. The wings of the building stretched
  out several hundred feet in both directions from the imposing portico. A multitude
  of huge marble-framed gothic windows lent an air of magnificence to the structure,
  abetted by dozens of slate-topped dormers and two rounded towers at the juncture
  of the wings to the main building. Ming had seen such ostentatious palaces
  in Europe and Asia, but never in the U.S. countryside.  
Two couples sipping from cocktail glasses sat in lounge chairs on the balcony
  over the portico watching the arrival of the Mercedes. A burly man with only
  a trace of neck awaited them. His attire consisted of a bright red polo shirt
  that revealed massive arms, black pants packed to the bursting point with thick
  legs and a pair of black running shoes with the Nike logo. Lyle stopped the
  car where the man could simply reach out and open the door for Ming. He held
  it open but said nothing to her as she climbed out of the car. His eyes were
  cold, his demeanor somehow frightening. He closed the door and turned his glare
  on Lyle who had also climbed out of the vehicle. The man nodded without changing
  expression.  
"Dr. Bach." His voice was oddly high pitched for such a huge body. He had
  apparently used up his quota of salutary conversation because he said nothing
  more. Simply waited for Lyle to exit the car, then slipped into it and drove
  it away.  
It was at that point Ming had realized there were no other vehicles in view.
  She could hear laughter and conversation from inside the mansion and the two
  couples were still on the upper veranda, but there was no sign of how anyone
  had arrived. Belatedly she looked to see where the burly man was headed with
  Lyle's Mercedes, but saw only its rear bumper as it disappeared around the
  far end of the mansion.  
She had little time to ponder the mystery because her attention was quickly
  lured away by the details of her surroundings. The mansion (she could not think
  of such an awesome structure as a mere "house") seemed to be set in the midst
  of a vast and lavishly appointed golf course. In fact, on a distant knoll,
  nearly hidden by the lush foliage of an ornamental garden, she spotted a greens
  flag. It was  a golf course! As if on cue, another couple
  came trundling around the garden in a golf cart.  
Lyle had taken her hand and was leading her up the great expanse of steps
  to a pair of bronze doors at least twelve feet high that marked the main entrance.
  The doors swung outward as they approached, as if triggered by a motion detector
  like those at supermarkets and Wal-Marts. Maybe they were.  
The interior was as fabulous as the outside facade and grounds. She found
  herself staring open-mouthed at an enormous rotunda reaching up to a dome well
  above the third floor. An elegant marble staircase fanned out to collect visitors
  on the main floor and guide them upwards to the second floor landing before
  spiraling off to both sides for a stately double access to the third floor.
  The lower walls on the first level were adorned by alternating hand-carved
  doors and paintings. The paintings were larger-than-life portraits of men and
  women in classical poses, mostly nudes and all of an erotic nature. Ming felt
  herself being aroused by the vivid scenes. She wouldn't learn about the other
  gallery, the much larger one locked behind secret doors in the basement of
  the East Wing, until her second visit.  
As she took it all in, a couple in casual attire headed directly toward them,
  the man grinning, the woman &mdash; hardly more than a girl &mdash; walking
  less steadily and looking flushed. Both held cocktail glasses and Ming had
  the impression that the girl had filled hers once or twice too often. She couldn't
  have been more than eighteen. Her light brown hair was in some disarray. Ming
  suspected they'd been making a little mid-day whoopie. The man &mdash; mid
  thirties she guessed &mdash; clapped Lyle on the shoulder.  
"Hey, man! Glad you finally showed up. And this little stunner must be the
  legendary Ming."  
He grabbed her right hand by the fingers and made a cartoonish display of
  kissing the back of her hand, but finished by licking her knuckles.  
"Good to see you again, Max," Lyle said. "This is, indeed, the lovely Ming
  I have mentioned to you on other occasions. But let's not dredge up maudlin
  recollections of good times past," he added quickly, "when we have a whole
  afternoon and evening to create brand new ones. I see Brandi made it through
  the lottery. Been doing a little celebrating?"  
"You bet!" Max said. "Guess who won it tonight!"  
Lyle's face hardened a little. "Max . . . Ming is a newcomer. This is her
  first visit. She doesn't know all our little secrets yet. Okay?"  
"Hey, I knew that!" He turned to the girl, who looked like she might tip
  over at any moment. "Isn't that right, Brandi? We're here to welcome the new
  lady and make her feel at home. Right?"  
Brandi's focus, such as it was, slid over to Ming. "Mmm."  
"So all I was going to say," he made an exaggerated excuse me for
      living   gesture, "was that Kelsey won the jackpot this afternoon.
      You remember Kelsey, don't you Doc? Raymond's girl? Hot little number!
      Well, she'll be even hotter tonight."  
Max sniggered. Brandi giggled. Lyle frowned and put an arm around Ming's
  waist. Began to turn her away.  
"We're headed for the Perennial Garden," he said. "Catch you later."  
Ming found herself being hustled away, all too clearly an unsubtle effort
  to get her away from Max's big mouth.  
"So what's wrong with Kelsey, whoever she is, winning the jackpot, whatever
  that is?" she asked her lover.  
He was leading her through one of the ornate doors, down a plushly carpeted
  hallway and out to a patio where several couples sipped drinks around a large
  pool.  
"I don't want to sound like an endless loop," he replied, "but you'll find
  out soon enough. Max and Brandi have only half a wit between them when they're
  sober. They've obviously been celebrating her luck with a little too much gusto."  
"Her luck at losing this lottery, you mean."  
Lyle paused for a beat. "Do you love me, Ming?"  
She drew in her breath.  
He repeated the question. "Do you love me?"  
"Of course I do. You know I do. And yes, I agreed to come here with you and
  yes I'll be coming back again because I know you want me to and it's a condition
  of your loving me monogamously and I want that more than anything in the world
  and whatever the deep dark secret is here I'll go along with it because you
  want me to." She took a breath. "It's just . . . I just . . . I'm only human,
  Lyle. I'm nervous because I don't know what you're getting me into. But I promised
  you I'd do it and I will  do it."  
He examined the determined set to her jaw, then swept her up and kissed her.
  A prolonged, wet kiss. When he broke it off, his right hand was clutching her
  breast and they had drawn the rapt attention of three couples on the patio.  
"So are you going to undress her and ravish her right here, or would you
  like to introduce her first?"  
It was a woman's voice, but Ming hadn't opened her eyes fast enough to see
  who it belonged to.  
"This is Ming," her lover announced. "She's new and a little tentative because
  she's not yet aware of the nature of our group. But she'll soon be one of us."  
"Excellent!" It was one of the men. He stepped forward and offered his hand. "Welcome,
  Ming. I'm Tom. This is my wife, Katerina. She's from Ukraine and she's been
  a Permanent Guest now for two years."  
A slender blonde woman of indeterminate age &mdash; somewhere between twenty-five
  and thirty-five &mdash; drew closer and took a turn shaking Ming's hand.  
"Welcome to Millennium Group, dear," she said. "I was afraid, too, when first
  here. But it is such lovely place. So much to do. Such wonderful dinner. And
  you get used to taking chance. It is exciting! You will see."  
The others gravitated toward Lyle and Ming and soon a drink was in her hand.
  She was on her second bourbon and ginger ale when one of the couples doffed
  their clothes right there on the patio and jumped into the pool naked. Soon
  others had joined them. Ming instantly spotted the gleam in Lyle's eyes and
  knew what he wanted. The Iron Feather Club had long since inured her to public
  nudity, so she smiled seductively at him and began peeling off her sun dress.
  A few moments later they were both in their birthday suits and in the pool
  where an impromptu game of water volleyball had begun. It was not the kind
  of game where the score mattered, or anyone bothered to keep track. It was
  just a lot of fun and shouting and splashing around.  
Over it all a man's voice boomed.  
"Well, look who's here!"  
A stentorian voice, full of itself.  
Ming was just resurfacing from a failed attempt to reach the ball. She shook
  the water out of her eyes to see a tall athletically slim man approaching the
  side of the pool with a very pretty young woman in tow. The man had a typically
  Nordic look, but the conversion of his blond hair to silver was well under
  way. The girl was of Asian extraction, her swarthy skin tone a startling contrast
  to his pallid whiteness. She was much younger than he, young enough to be his
  daughter, although the racial disparity made that unlikely. They were both
  as naked as the volleyball players.  
"Yo, Taylor!" Lyle shouted back from the other side of the net. "Come join
  us! Either team could use a ringer."  
Taylor let go of the girl's hand and jumped in on Lyle's side of the pool.
  The girl slid into the water more gracefully and took up a position beside
  Ming. She was immediately loquacious.  
"Hi. My name is Jade. Yours?"  
"Ming. I love that name, Jade. It's so pretty. Suits you, too."  
"Thanks. I picked it myself. My original name can't be pronounced by Americans.
  I was born in Taiwan. When my folks moved here, they changed it to Jenn. But
  I changed it again, to Jade."  
"Wow! You're from Taiwan! So are my parents. Taipei. But you sound so American!"  
"I arrived before my first birthday, honey. My mother divorced before I was
  two and married an American, so English is all I've ever really spoken."  
"Where do you live?"  
"Originally Sacramento, but I've moved around."  
"When did you change your name? In school?"  
The girl laughed as she reached up to stop the ball and poke it over to Ming,
  who slugged it back over the net with a small closed fist.  
"No, not school. When I went to work for Lady Fox's Escorts."  
"Escorts?"  
"I was a working girl, sweetie. A call girl. How about you?"  
"Me? No! I mean, I've never done it for money." Ming felt herself heating
  to scarlet in spite of the cool water, regretting her rude choice of words. "Not
  that I have anything against . . . working women. Why should I. God knows I've
  got nothing against sex, paid or free. If a girl's gonna put out for a lotta
  guys why not make them pay for the privilege? Right?" She was rambling, making
  it worse, but couldn't seem to stop herself. "I mean, I go to a BDSM club and
  get screwed by all kinds of guys. And that's just because my boyfriend wants
  me to. So in a way I guess I'm on call without getting paid for it. Better
  to get paid for it, right? I mean, I don't earn a helluva lot at my work, so
  I could use the extra cash."  
She stopped, intensely aware of Jade's amused expression and embarrassed
  at her own vacuous blathering.  
"I'm sorry," Ming said. "I'm making a fool of myself. It's just that I've
  never met an actual call girl. I didn't want you to think I'm judgmental about
  that sort of thing. Really, I'm not. Actually, I'm fascinated. Will you forgive
  me? Can we start over?"  
Jade laughed. A light, musical giggle tinged with girlish glee. "You're cute," she
  said, and laughed again.  
Ming was both relieved and taken aback. "Cute? Is that good or bad? Have
  I offended you? I didn't mean to. Really!"  
"You haven't offended me, honey? Like, if I were sensitive about the issue,
  I wouldn't have mentioned it, okay? I mean, what the fuck difference does it
  make in this place, right? What we do here makes fucking for money seem like
  Sunday school in a nunnery, right?"  
"What do you mean?"  
Jade gazed at her for several long seconds, comprehension dawning visibly
  in her eyes. "Oh shit. You're the newbie, aren't you?"  
"This is my first visit, yes. My boyfriend . . . that's him on the other
  team, the one your friend was talking to, Lyle . . . he talked me into coming
  here. But he won't tell me what you guys do here."  
"Yeah. That figures. Don't worry about it, sweetie. It was the same here." She
  paused to return another ball, driving it to the far corner beyond anyone's
  reach. Ming was amazed at her skill. "Taylor insisted I come here. I had just
  agreed to be his mistress, which was a lot better than fucking five or six
  strangers every day when any one of them might be a cop or a psycho with a
  knife. I mean, Taylor's richer than God! And when he offered to take me on
  and support me in the style to which I wanted to become accustomed, it was
  like, Halleluia! No way I was about to fuck up that arrangement! But part of
  the deal was that I be his regular guest here. That was two years ago. And
  I'm still here. So far so good."  
"What do you mean?"  
"You'll see."  
"Christ! That's what Lyle keeps saying! Why won't anyone tell me what the
  big secret is?"  
"Are you Lyle's mistress, or do you work?"  
Ming suppressed her frustration at the obvious redirection, but went along
  with it.  
"I work. Lyle and I live together, but I work for a restaurant in LA. I'm
  a chef. He's a doctor."  
"You're a chef?" Jade's eyebrows rose in some kind of astonishment.  
"Yeah. Studied in Paris and everything."  
Jade laughed as though it were the most comical thing since Seinfeld.  
"What's so funny?" Ming asked.  
"Oh, nothing. It's just a little . . . I don't know. Ironic? You'll see soon
  enough. Your boyfriend, Lyle: you're hoping he'll propose, right?"  
"It wouldn't hurt my feelings."  
"You love him."  
"Of course I love him."  
"And you'll do anything for him."  
"I even let him blindfold me for the whole damn trip here."  
Jade giggled. "Me too. The first time. But I'm in too deep now for them to
  bother about that. Besides, I love this place. I always have fun here. I've
  especially come to love the banquet part. It stimulates the hell out of me.
  It's a much bigger high than sex. I guess I'm a thrill seeker by nature. I
  like risk. Maybe that was part of my getting into the call girl business. That
  and poverty."  
Ming wanted to scream! All these tantalizing hints about the Millennium secret,
  but still no explanation! Ming had an urge to shake Jade, get her back on the
  subject! Ask what the hell was risky and thrilling about a goddamn banquet?
  But their conversation was interrupted by an extended, watery volley, as lengthy
  as it was exhausting. When a couple of the players begged off to go pee, the
  others hopped out of the pool to recover and reclaim abandoned drinks. Some
  wrapped themselves in towels. Others did not. Ming and Jade remained among
  the nude and found a table where they could continue their talk in the warmth
  of the sun.  
"So you're a chef?" Jade said after refreshing her drink, a martini from
  which she had already consumed the olive. "That should give you a better head
  start than most of us had." Before Ming could ask what that  meant,
  Jade rushed on. "The only carcass I'd ever seen up close was this guy who called
  the agency and asked for the youngest girl they had. That was me. So when I
  arrived &mdash; it was a motel room on Avenida de Mayo in San Diego &mdash; he
  had all this stuff laid out on the bed. A collar and leather harness, a butt
  plug with a red tail, whips, all that shit. I started to tell him no deal,
  I don't do submissive, when he says no, no! He wants me to be the dom. Ride
  him and whip him and lead him around like a dog. So we did all that shit for
  half an hour or so until he was ready to cimb aboard. But then, just as he
  reaches orgasm, he grabs his chest and starts gasping and turning blue! He's
  having this fucking heart attack while he's still inside me! Finally he collapses
  on top of me and lies there like a beached whale. I pry myself out from under
  him and shout at him to wake up, but it's no use. He don't respond. I didn't
  know what the fuck to do: call for help or run. I mean, I sure didn't wanna
  be there if he's dead and the cops arrive. And he looked dead as hell to me.
  So I called my boss at Lady Fox's and she told me to get the fuck out. Which
  I did. Turns out he was a state legislator. I'd a been plastered all over the
  media if I'd called for help. That kind of publicity me and Lady Fox's didn't
  need. I met Taylor shortly after. At first he was just another client, but
  he was nice and when he offered to take me away from all that shit, I jumped
  at the chance."  
"You seem awfully young," Ming observed, the added alcohol loosening her
  curiosity. "How old were you when you . . . started escorting?"  
"I was seventeen. My boss thought I was eighteen."  
"So now you're . . . ?"  
"I'm twenty."  
"Jeez. You look, like, fourteen."  
"I have good genes. My mom looks twenty-five."  
"Forgive me for saying this, but I can't help wonder. Isn't Taylor quite
  a bit older than you are? Not that it's any of business."  
"Sure he is. A lot older. But I'm not going to marry him, so what's the difference.
  He's as generous as a billionaire at the pearly gates, and that's all I need.
  Besides, he's plenty big where it counts when I'm in the mood for it. And when
  I'm not in the mood, so what? He fucks and I fake."  
Ming laughed. "You live with him?"  
"Hell no. He's married, honey. I'm strictly his mistress. His fuck toy. He's
  set me up in a gorgeous downtown apartment. But to be perfectly honest, my
  biggest value to him is my willingness to be his partner for these jaunts to
  the Millennium estate and their scrumptious barbeques. Now tell me about your
  BDSM experience. What was that about?"  
Ming, light headed with three drinks and delighted with her racy new friend,
  put aside for the moment her doubts about the Millennium Group and launched
  into an account of her escapades at the Iron Feather Club. Soon they were both
  giggling at the more outrageous absurdities of BDSM play. By the time Lyle
  and Taylor joined them, Ming was into her fourth drink and had forgotten her
  fears.  
Clothed again to ward off the hot sun, they spend the balance of the afternoon
  dabbling in golf, croquet, badminton and frisbee. Every now and then the delicious
  aroma of cooking meat wafted their way. Something she couldn't quite recognize.  
"What is that wonderful fragrance?" Ming finally asked, as they headed indoors
  again and on into a large room filled with chattering couples. Her tongue was
  becoming a little slurry. "Is that our dinner?"  
"Indeed," Lyle replied. "Would you like a little preview? A bit of an hors
  d'oeuvre?"  
Before she could formulate an answer, a young woman in a red dress appeared
  with a silver tray. In the center of the tray was a delicate bowl of Japanese
  porcelain containing a pat&eacute;. The bowl was encircled by a variety of
  crackers on a bed of parsley. Lyle took a sesame seed cracker, dipped out some
  of the pat&eacute; with it and placed it on Ming's tongue. She chewed and swallowed.  
"Mmm. That is  good! What is it?"  
"It's made from the same meat we'll be enjoying tonight at the banquet." He
  turned to the girl in red. "Candy. Ming here is a chef. See if you can purloin
  a small strip of the roast they're preparing for tonight. We'll see if Ming
  can guess what it is, despite the seasoning."  
"Yes, Sir." She placed the tray on a side table and strolled smoothly away.
  Something in the way she looked at Lyle and moved told Ming that this girl
  was no mere servant. But she was glad for the hors d'oeuvres because she hadn't
  eaten anything since breakfast and was famished. She had munched four more
  of them before Candy returned with a small plate containing a thin slice of
  meat about the size of an old-fashioned silver dollar. It was juicy, steaming
  and oddly colored &mdash; somewhere between the oyster white of pork and the
  dark red of filet mignon. A small fork lay beside the plate. Candy smiled serenely
  as Ming picked up the slice of meat with a dainty scoop of the fork and slipped
  it into her mouth.  
"Well?" prompted Lyle.  
"It's wonderful! Amazing!" Ming said as she swallowed the last of it. "And
  I still have no idea what it is. It's definitely not beef, or deer, or elk,
  or bison. It's not chicken, or turkey, or ostrich, or emu. In fact, the texture
  is wrong for any foul I know of. It might be pork, or veal, but the flavor
  is subtly different from either. Is it some sort of exotic animal?" Is that
  what this dark, illicit secret is about, she was thinking? They eat endangered
  species?  
"In just about half an hour you'll find out, my sweet." Lyle placed his mouth
  over hers and worked his lips and tongue on hers in the way that always started
  her secretions flowing. In any normal social setting she would have pushed
  him away before her response became embarrassingly obvious to others, but this
  place was hardly normal. Tom was over by the windows with a hand up Katerina's
  skirt, and another man had his blonde companion backed up against the opposite
  wall with her dress top pulled aside so he could suckle her breast. Max and
  Brandi, the first couple she'd met on arrival, were visible through the archway
  to the vestibule walking up the grand stairway hand in hand and stark naked,
  apparently fresh out of the pool.  
Candy, the girl in red, was offering Ming another drink.  
"Thank you, no," she managed to say, waving it off.  
But Candy didn't move.  
Lyle held Ming's face in his hands, turned her to face him and looked straight
  into her eyes. "You need this one, sweetheart. Please take it."  
"Jesus, Lyle! If I have one more drink before dinner, I'll never make it.
  I'll keel right over. Listen to me. I'm slurring my words!"  
"I know. But this is a special concoction to help reduce the effects of all
  that alcohol. You don't want to fall into your plate at the banquet, do you?"  
"No. I . . . a special concoction?"  
"To help sober you up a little."  
"Made of what?"  
"Drink it. When you're sober enough, I'll tell you."  
Suddenly she didn't feel like arguing about it any more. Her mind was becoming
  fuzzy. The words getting too hard to form. The hell with it! She took the glass
  and chugged it down. So there! The red-dress girl smoothly took the glass from
  her fingers as Lyle bent to Ming's mouth and kissed her. The room was spinning
  a little. When did that start?  
From nowhere a feminine arm wrapped itself around her shoulders and gently
  guided her to another room, a quieter room. No din of conversation. No one
  was attempting intercourse against the walls or offering her snacks and drinks.
  Heavy drapes. Sofas with soft cushions. She sat down on one of them. Looked
  to her left. Jade was seated beside her. Smiling as though she knew something.
  What?  
"So you're a chef. Fancy restaurant?"  
Ming nodded.  
"You go to college to learn how?"  
With an effort Ming forced out, "UCLA. Culinary Arts. Then Paris." It was
  badly slurred. L's were so hard. Her tongue wasn't curling properly.  
"Wow. Did you get to butcher the animals you cooked?"  
"Some. In Paris. Learn the cuts. Mostly watched."  
Lyle's concoction seemed to be clearing her mind a little, but it had done
  nothing for her ability to talk."  
"So butchering carcasses is nothing new for you, right?"  
"No. Been there. Done that." She giggled.  
"Fresh meat. Fresh meat is best, right?"  
"Abso . . . solutely." She'd have to avoid long words. "Yes. Fresh. Fresher
  the better."  
"Ever cooked a whole animal? Like a pig?"  
"Luau. Apple in the mouth." She giggled again.  
"Rammed that rod right up their ass and out the mouth, right?"  
"That's how. Has to be done right, though. Slow. Low fire. Keep turning,
  basting." The words seemed to be pouring out now of their own accord.  
"What if I was to tell you that's what we're having tonight? A succulent
  spit roast with all the trimmings. Don't that sound great?"  
"I love a . . . a good roast."  
"And I'll bet you know just how it should be done, you being a high class
  chef and all." Jade put her right hand on Ming's nearest thigh and began drawing
  casual circles with the tips of her fingers.  
"Has to be slow," Ming answered. The fingers soothed her, made her tingle.
  She forced out another few words. "Gotta have the right spices. Good stuffing." She
  felt the warmth of Jade's hand close over her thigh, the circles widening.  
"And you've done that, haven't you? Cut it open and taken out all the entrails.
  Cleaned it out. Stuffed it."  
"Yeah. Lots of times. Luaus."  
"Then after it's roasted over the fire pit . . ."  
"Slow. Gotta cook it slow."  
"Yeah, slow. After it's slowly brought to perfection you present it on a
  nice big platter in the center of the table, right? So everyone can enjoy the
  sight of it, all golden and shiny from the bastings and the juices seeping
  through the skin. And the wonderful smell of it!" Jade's hand moved higher,
  approaching the critical juncture. "That kind of stuff, the whole carcass cooking
  and served on a spit, that doesn't bother you at all, does it." Her warm hand
  under the dress, sliding over silky skin. Closer.  
Ming shook her head, making the world spin. She could barely breathe, much
  less talk. That warm hand under her dress was sliding upward. Closer. Then
  they touched the cleft of her sex, wiggled between the wet lips. Touched her
  clit. An electric charge surged through her pelvis and up her spine. She shivered.
  She wasn't into girl love, but her body wouldn't move to resist it. O God!
  She was enjoying it! But she mustn't! She liked Jade. But not that way! Yet
  she didn't want to hurt her feelings, reject her. So she let the fingers slide
  inside her. Let the fingers excite her. Let them become slippery within her.
  Allowed herself to moan in pleasure, the conversation forgotten, her body seized
  with spasms as the orgasms raced through her! Blinding thrills that made her
  buck and jerk. She heard herself keening!  
Suddenly the fingers became still.  
Settling down now. Momentarily satiated.  
A man's hand on her shoulder. Familiar lips kissing her closed eyes.  
Oh God! Lyle! And here I am with Jade's fingers up my pussy!    
Yet she didn't move. Couldn't summon the energy. Didn't care. (Except for
  some part of her way back there who was mortified. Strange.)  
A gong sounded. Distant. Deep throated. An exotic, irrefutable command. An
  invitation too majestic to resist. Too ominous to ignore.  
Her lover's voice in her ear. Far away.  
"Come along, Ming. Time for dinner."  
  Chapter 4  
What the hell had Lyle put in that drink?  
Ming's mind seemed to be working, but at a far distance. He said his "concoction" would
  sober her up. Didn't he? She couldn't quite remember his exact words. But if
  he did, it wasn't working. Just the opposite! She was totally hammered, unable
  to focus on anything. Unwilling to try very hard. Nothing seemed important
  enough to think about.  
Except the orgasm. God! That had been unlike any she had ever experienced!
  She was still having little aftershocks, her own juices still dribbling down
  her inner thighs. She wondered for the briefest moment if something in that
  last drink had contributed to it. There was something Lyle and Jade had said
  to each other. Something about heart rates and spreading her blood. Or was
  it through  her blood? She couldn't concentrate. Couldn't
  remember. Didn't care. It was all so ridiculous, the whole scene. Nothing made
  sense any more. The harder she tried to think about what was happening around
  her, or where she was, or who she was, the more absurd it all became. When
  she laughed, it made echoes. Or was that others laughing with her? Or at her.
  As if it mattered.  
Another funny thing: she had lost control of her body. She could feel it,
  hear things, see, taste and smell, but she couldn't make her body do anything.
  She was up and walking, Lyle on one side, Jade on the other, but she had nothing
  to do with it. She didn't know where she was going or how to stop.  
They were still talking to her, walking her along, their arms linked through
  hers, ignoring her post-orgasmic tremors. It was all too hilarious! Did they
  realize she was blasted out of her skull? Out of control? In a far-off corner
  of her mind she caught occasional phrases.  
. . . keep your eyes down . . . you're gonna be a great asset, hon . . .
  doing fine . . . so beautiful . . . everyone understands . . . first time .
  . . we've all been through this, sweetie . . . don't look up . . . keep moving
  . . . almost there . . . you'll see . . . you'll see . . . .  
But they were so distant from her, so disconnected, that she couldn't help
  but laugh. Had they no clue? Couldn't they see she had left the room? Lights
  on, nobody home. Engine running, but no one in the car. She giggled at the
  incandescence of her wit, at the foolishness of her escorts. Serves them right
  for getting her so drunk!  
They walked down an endless corridor, doorways to the right and left, ignoring
  them all. Treading on a thick oriental runner. Oriental. Very funny!  she
  thought, although she didn't know why. She wanted to look around, see what
  this place was like, but she couldn't. Keep your eyes down.  She
  had obeyed him at the Club, but that was different. She had chosen  to
  obey. Now she couldn't do otherwise. Her body was on autopilot and she didn't
  know the program.  
The carpet ended and the surface beneath her feet changed to tiles. They
  had emerged into a vast space. Outdoors, yet indoors. She wanted to look up,
  see what it was going on, but could only stare at the floor tiles. They kept
  walking. Others crowding around. A heady aroma of roasted meat and spices.
  Sounds of appreciation. Ooo! Look how they've done the presentation!
  What a beauty! Prettiest one yet! Can't wait to get a taste! Ahh!   This
  must be the banquet. Why could she only study the damned floor? Don't
  look up!  A flash of frustration and anger welled up from some deadened
  part of her, but soon evaporated.  
"Sit down, Ming."  
A disembodied voice. Lyle? A total stranger? No matter. She felt herself
  sitting, as though lowered into the chair by invisible wires. Peter Pan floating
  about the stage. Perhaps she would fly to the ceiling where she could keep
  her eyes down   and see the whole assemblage at the same
  time. But all she could see now was an elegant setting of white china with
  delicate blue scroll work around the rim, set off by heavy silverware and a
  linen napkin.  
"Keep your eyes on the plate, Ming. Don't look up."  
An overpowering lethargy settled over her. There was convivial discussion
  all around her, but none that included her. There was much clinking of glasses,
  scraping of chairs on tiles, laughter and commentary about sports, sex and
  food. But she couldn't join in, couldn't even follow it. She couldn't even
  remember what she was wearing. Couldn't bear to look. She could focus on only
  one thing. Her plate. Much as she wanted to tear her eyes away from it, she
  could not. Keep your eyes on the plate! Don't look up!   
The flash of a red dress caught her peripheral vision. The girl who had given
  her Lyle's concoction   was now serving appetizers to
  the guests, small dishes containing stuffed artichokes. Once she would have
  been curious as to how they were prepared and stuffed. Now she could only keep
  watch over her plate. A woman's hand &mdash; Jade's hand &mdash; lifted the
  little dish and placed it in the middle of the plate. The artichocke swam into
  focus. Tempting. She knew she should start eating it, pulling the green petals
  off to scrape away the flesh with her teeth, but she lacked the energy, the
  will to move.  
"Eat it, Ming." Lyle's voice again. "Enjoy it. But keep your eyes down. Don't
  let your vision stray beyond your own food and drink."  
I'll look where I want  , she would have said if a thick
  torpor hadn't mired her tongue.  
To her surprise, she was able to reach for the artichoke and begin disassembling
  it. In a few minutes she had finished it off &mdash; petals, stuffing and all.
  She realized she was famished. The tiny hors d'oeuvres she'd had earlier had
  only whet her appetite, and the rich fragrance of the freshly cooked roast
  somewhere beyond her field of vision was making her mouth water almost faster
  than she could swallow it. Yet she could not so much as reach for her tumbler
  of water. He limbs simply would not function by her volition alone, any more
  than she could lift her chin off her chest or raise her eyes beyond the circle
  of her plate, utensils and drinking glasses. They were no longer hers to command. Keep
  your eyes down!   
 She noticed an increase in dinnertime commotion around her. Even through
  her mental haze she knew what that meant. The elements of the main course were
  now being laid out &mdash; all the vegetables, fruits, breads and salads that
  would complement the centerpiece of the entr&eacute;e: the roast itself. She
  waited patiently, nearly drooling, her senses awash in a barrage of delectable
  odors, glaring at her plate.  
In a blur it was whisked away, but another had already taken its place, this
  one laden with meat, garlic potatoes and buttery broccoli. Irresistibly delicious
  as it looked, she simply could not lift her hands out of her lap. Not until
  Lyle's voice melted the invisible block of ice in which her body had been frozen.  
"Ming, as tonight's newbie, you are our favored guest. Therefore, please
  do us the honor of taking the first bite of tonight's special roast. And since
  you are a highly regarded chef yourself at a well-known L.A. restaurant . .
  ." (a murmur of interest traveled through the crowd) . . . "please give us
  a professional critique of tonight's presentation."  
"Do as he says, but don't raise your eyes."  
Lyle's quiet addendum in her ear produced the most astonishing reaction!
  The lethargy that had all but paralyzed her dissipated as suddenly as a flock
  of starlings at the appearance of a cat. Without a moment's hesitation she
  seized a fork and plunged it into a thick slice of the roasted meat. In another
  moment she had taken up the knife from the other side of her plate and was
  cutting off a generous mouthful of the meat. Forking it into her mouth with
  her left hand, in the English style, she moaned ecstatically as she chewed
  and swallowed. After a sip of Chardonnay to wash it down, she closed her eyes
  and pronounced in a clear, serene voice, "Magnificent! I've never tasted a
  better roast. And I don't even know what it is."  
This elicited howls of laughter, cheers and applause.  
Ming was puzzled. What was so funny? On the other hand, who cares? One mouthful
  had hardly made a dent in her hunger. She opened her eyes and, gazing intently
  at her meal, dug into the remaining meat, savoring it, spacing it out between
  portions of vegetables and salad. By the time she had finished and her plate
  was bare, she realized she had regained control of her body. She was able to
  look around and take in her surroundings.  
She was seated between Lyle and Jade on the far side of a banqueting table
  in the shape of a horseshoe. The room was huge, about the size of a baseball
  diamond, with glass walls and a glass roof probably forty feet high that gave
  the impression of being outdoors without risking the disappointment of bad
  weather. The roasted animal that had provided this meeting of the Millennium
  Group with the sensational meal she had just enjoyed was displayed on a spit
  in the opening of the horseshoe. Most of the meat had been carved away so that
  pretty much all that was left was the skeleton. Ming squinted, trying to identify
  the unknown beast.  
But there was something very wrong about this carcass.  
The head had not been removed so that the roast could be presented with an
  apple in its mouth. Very traditional. The shaft had been removed to accommodate
  the apple. But the head was not right. It was certainly not that of a pig.
  Most of the meat had been carved off the animal's legs, rump and underside
  and was heaped on platters placed within easy reach of the banqueters who,
  in turn, had already transported much of it to their own plates and stomachs.
  The belly of the beast had been sliced completely away so that leftover shreds
  of stuffing could be seen still clinging to the ribs and pelvic bones.  
The stuffing itself now filled several large bowls scattered around the table.  
Ming squinted at what was left of the creature, as if squinting would help
  burn off the remaining cobwebs from her mind. She also noticed that she was
  drawing an increasing audience: eyes following her belated efforts to identify
  her dinner amidst the laughter and chatter, eyes watching for her reactions.
  A knot was beginning to form in her guts, a vague sense of apprehension building
  with the slow assimilation of clues.  
The now mostly skeletal carcass had been presented in a crouched position,
  like a cat preparing to pounce. But the articulation of the limbs was not that
  of a cat-like creature. It was much more like that of an ape. Yes! An ape in
  a kind of Buddhistic prayer posture, on forearms and knees. Now she could make
  out the hands and feet, crisped nearly to black during the roasting and half
  buried in a bed of parsley. All its hair had been singed off, of course, but
  the head was round with small ears. Exactly like an ape.  
An ape!  
Ming's first reaction was a surge of anger that further cleared her mind.
  Was that the deep dark secret here? They were slaughtering and eating apes
  and God knows how many other exotic animals and endangered species?  
But as her mind sharpened, she realized there was still a discrepancy. The
  features were too delicate, the legs and toes too short. It was almost human
  in proportions.  
Lyle and Jade, observing her closely as she put the pieces of the puzzle
  together, stood up, one on each side. They picked her up by the elbows and
  gently moved her back, away from the table.  
An instant later the truth dawned on her. She realized what she was looking
  at. It was the remains of a human female.  
That was when she had thrown up.  
  Chapter 5  
"You bastard! You prick!"  
They were sequestered in one of the innumerable rooms in this vast building,
  well out of earshot of the throng still lingering over dessert and after dinner
  liqueurs. Lyle was comfortably ensconced in the soft leather embrace of an
  upholstered chair. Ming was pacing the oriental carpeting and ranting, her
  face livid with fury, her body and still shaky from the effects of the spasms
  that had hurled the contents of her stomach to the floor of the dining hall.  
"You tricked me! You drugged me and   tricked me, goddammit!"  
"Drugged you? Yes. Absolutely. We often do that for newbies, to keep them
  from going off the deep end. But tricked you? Rubbish. You knew there was a
  deep, dark secret &mdash; as you put it &mdash; and you came here anyway. Even
  signed that phony confession so I'd let you come, a confession that will stand
  as legally valid in a court of law, should it come to that. You signed it,
  you came and now you know the secret. And since you are now an accomplice to
  what the Law calls a Class A felony, you may as well stop calling me names
  and let me show you the bright side. "  
"The bright  side! Jesus Christ! What you're doing here
  goes way beyond criminal  . It's an abomination!"  
"Nonsense." His voice was as relaxed as his demeanor. "Cannibalism has been
  around for thousands of years. Right now it happens to be illegal here. So
  what? Sex outside of marriage is a capital offense in some places. Does that
  make sex evil if it's not State certified? Of course not. Sex is sex regardless
  of religious and legal restrictions. Likewise, meat is meat regardless of what
  species it comes from."  
"Cannibalism is not just a religious restriction. It's an abomination everywhere
  on earth!"  
"You're wrong. Hundreds of people belong to this organization world wide.
  There would be hundreds of thousands if we could publicize it. You yourself,
  before you knew what you were eating, were delighted with the flavor. Admit
  it, if you have the courage. Girl meat is delicious. Furthermore, every aspect
  of the process &mdash; from obtaining it to preparing it to serving and eating
  it &mdash; is immensely erotic and satisfying."  
"Jesus! This isn't just cannibalism. It's murder!"  
"Don't be silly. Not one girl has been eaten here who did not participate
  voluntarily. Did you think that Sherri, the girl whose flesh we consumed tonight,
  didn't know we'd be doing so? Hell, she planned the whole menu, including how
  she would be cooked and presented."  
"I don't believe that for one minute! She was probably tricked the way I
  was. Tricked and drugged!"  
"Pure nonsense. Sherri has been a Permanent Guest here for quite some time.
  She knew exactly what we do and had participated enthusiastically."  
"She knew she was going to be eaten today? And came willingly? You expect
  me to believe that?"  
"She didn't know this would be her  day to be on the
  menu until she got here, but she knew there was always the possibility. She
  found it exciting. They all do."  
"All?"  
"Every one of the women here. They all participate in a kind of lottery when
  they arrive, to decide which of them will have the honor of being the featured
  course of the day."  
Ming gaped at him. "All the women here do that? They volunteer to be cooked?"  
"No. They voluntarily take the risk. For the thrill of it. Today, for example,
  their chance of winning the honor was only one in twelve. Excellent odds. A

  small risk, but still enough to make your heart pound! Talk to Jade. She'll
  explain it to you."  
"Jade?! She was in on this trick of yours! Why should I trust anything she  says?"  
"Don't put any special onus on Jade. Many of the women here were eager to
  take her role. You're a lovely new addition to the group, after all."  
"I'm not in  the group!"  
"Oh yes you are. But I decided on Jade because you and she seemed to bond
  well, right at the start."  
"She betrayed me!"  
"On the contrary. She helped initiate you into our group. You're now one
  of us and . . ."  
"No I'm not!"  
"Yes you are, and despite your current state of anger, you'll come to realize
  two things. That you have no choice. And that you wouldn't have it any other
  way."  
"What do you mean no choice  ?" She glared at him, seething,
  afraid she already knew the answer.  
"Right now you're upset and angry with me because whatever you thought the
  'secret' of Millennium might be, this wasn't it. But the fact remains that
  you love  me. You love me enough that you wrote out and
  signed a statement saying you knew all about the Millennium Group activities
  and took part willingly. You did that prove to me that your love for me goes
  far beyond the perishable love of ordinary people, that you love me so completely
  you're willing to put your life in my hands. I accepted that proof of your
  devotion and brought you here because I love you with an equal passion and
  knew that the proceedings here would bind us together forever. If you continue
  to honor me with such unconditional love, I no longer need nor want any other
  woman in my life but you."  
O God! Words she had waited so long to hear! The promise of fidelity for

  which she had swept away all her trepidations about the letter, about coming
  to this place. He had just offered her all that she had hoped for. The red
  hot anger that had boiled away her resolve to win her handsome doctor began
  to cool. A voice roared at her from the part of her mind that had longed for
  this moment. You've won! Don't blow it!  screamed the
  voice. Still, it was not able stop one last attempt to vindicate her fading
  ire.  
"But cannibalism is wrong."  
Lyle rose gracefully from the chair, wrapped his arms around the still frowning
  Ming and drew her tightly against him. "Your reaction to the consumption of
  human flesh is understandable since you've been brainwashed from infancy to
  think it's wrong. But that's mere nonsense. Eating human flesh is as ancient
  a human practice as fishing and was part of every prehistoric culture. Christianity
  even uses the concept in the Eucharist: we become one with God by consuming
  the body and blood of Christ. Deep in your soul you know that the human body
  is simply meat and bones, like any other animal, and the most intimate thing
  we can do with that body is to bequeath it to our friends to share in a joyous
  feast. Your feelings of anger are only temporary, my sweet darling. In your
  heart and soul you still love me and want our partnership to grow closer and
  deeper. If it were not so, you wouldn't have bothered to hang around and scold
  me, now that the secret has been revealed."  
He kissed the back of her neck. She made no physical response, but neither
  did she try to push him away.  
"You sure don't make it easy to keep on loving you," she said. "And you're
  wrong that I wouldn't have it any other way. If we could back up and start
  over, I'd never sign that goddamn paper."  
He nuzzled her hair and kissed her ear.  
"Sure you would. Because you want us to be together forever, exclusively   together,
  and that paper would still be a necessary step. Coming here would still be
  the next  necessary step. Our love would still have to
  go through this little trial by fire before our union could be complete and
  permanent." He paused to kiss both her eyes. "The final step is for you to
  agree to continue coming here as my loving, permanent guest. At that point
  we will be, to my mind, more than married. Our souls will be inseparable. We
  can follow it up with a legally binding wedding if it pleases you to do so;
  but what happened here today and what will happen during all our future visits
  here will be the sine qua non, the marriage rites that count."  
Sine qua non  . Without which, nothing. He was predicating
  his promise of eternal love on her acceptance of the Millennium Group.  
He continued to place delicate kisses all over her neck and face as he let
  made her fateful decision.  
"Is that supposed to be a proposal?" she finally whispered.  
"You may think of it that way. But in actuality, our love is taking us on
  a journey in which marriage is implicit and inescapable. We're already two
  thirds of the way there. All you have to do is stay the course. Asking you
  to marry me is as superfluous as asking an infant to suckle. But if you need
  the traditional ritual to feel well and truly engaged, then yes! I'm asking
  you to marry me. Will you marry me, my sweet Ming?"  
She buried her face in his shirt and began to weep. After a few minutes,
  she sighed, pulled herself together and asked in a voice that already signaled
  surrender, "We'll have to keep coming here?"  
"Yes, my love. If you're willing to do that for me, for our marriage, I'm
  more than willing to be your lover exclusively, forever. That's the deal."  
"And if I'm not?"  
It was Lyle's turn to sigh. "Are you happy with what we've had so far? Boyfriend
  and girlfriend. Weekends at the club. No strings. No commitment. No future?"  
"No."  
"Tell you what." He kissed her firmly on the mouth, running his tongue over
  her lips, feeling her breath shudder. "We'll spend the night here in the luxury
  suite they've reserved for us. That'll give you time to think about it. Talk
  with some of the other women here. Get their take on what it's like to be a
  PG. Maybe it will help you decide whether you really want to be Mrs. Lyle Bach."  
He turned her, took her arm and led her out of the room and down the hall
  away from the festive sounds emanating from the Dining Hall. They ascended
  the marble staircase to the second floor, traveled another plushly carpeted
  hallway and stopped in front of a teakwood door bearing a brass plate with
  the number 113 engraved on it. Lyle drew a plastic card from his pocket and
  slid it into a slot under the door handle. A lock tripped with a soft click
  and he opened the door revealing the most sumptuous bedroom suite Ming had
  ever seen. Flocked wallpaper in subtle blues and greens, natural wood furnishings
  that included a sit-down vanity with huge three-way articulated mirrors, upholstered
  chairs and sofas, a partner's desk and a gargantuan flat-screen TV mounted
  on the wall opposite a four-poster king-size bed beneath a ceiling mirror of
  the same size. As Ming entered the room, nearly tripping in the depth of the
  carpet, she could see that similar luxury had been lavished on the bathroom.
  She spotted the gleam of gold in the fixtures through the open door and twin
  shower heads on the far wall of the tiled room.  
"I'll leave you to change your clothes," Lyle told her. "Come on down to
  the Great Room when you're ready." He gave her a gentle kiss, lingering until
  he felt her begin to react. He put his left hand over her right breast, put
  his right hand in the small of her back and pulled her in tightly against him.
  Almost immediately she was chewing on his lips and pressing her pubis against
  his leg, moving her hips slightly. He knew he had her. He broke it off with
  a light kiss to her throat, smiled at her in that way that promised rapturous
  lovemaking to come, and let himself out of the room.  
Twenty minutes later when she had taken a shower to rid herself of the last
  traces of vomit and was making the final adjustments to a sexy new dress. It
  was a dark yellow sleeveless model with green trim around the arm holes and
  all other edges. The bottom hem was just above the ankle but wide cut-outs
  up each side turned bottom half of the dress into front and back panels, exposing
  the entire sides of both legs up to the curve of the hip. A standup collar
  was pinned at the throat with a horizontal wooden dowel and another cutout
  in the form of an oval dropped down to midway between the breasts to reveal
  a modest but tantalizing cleavage. Contiguous oval cutouts down both sides
  made it clear she was wearing nothing underneath.  
The hot shower and fitting her lithe form into the stunning dress had helped
  divert Ming's attention from her residual anger. A part of her still argued
  that this was all wrong, that killing and eating humans was the worst kind
  of evil. But another part of her loomed larger every minute. That was the part
  that Lyle had aroused with his promise of lifelong singular devotion to her,
  if only she would go with him to the Millennium Group's triannual banquets
  because, after all, hundreds of members of the Millennium Group did, and such
  feasts had once been a perfectly normal part of human society, and the women
  they cooked were all volunteers, happy to share their bodies as meat. Which
  part of her was right? Or did it matter? Was aversion to cannibalism simply
  a cultural taboo based on nothing more than squeamishness? Was adhering to
  that taboo worth losing Lyle? Since she had already eaten human flesh, was
  there any point in pretending she was innocent?  
As she stared semi-focused at the dresser mirror there was a light knock
  at the door behind her. It opened just wide enough to admit Jade's head, reflected
  in the mirror.  
"May I come in?"  
Ming's sense of anger rekindled at the sound of her voice.  
"You're half in now. Why bother to ask?"  
It was a childish bit of rudeness but Ming had no intention of sparing this
  woman the venom she had failed to inflict on Lyle. But if Jade was fazed by
  the acerbic invitation, it didn't register on her face or in her body language.
  She entered the room and plopped herself in the most comfortable chair as blithely
  as if she had never collaborated in the terrible deception.  
"You feeling better, sweetie?" she asked, sugary as you please.  
"I'm feeling betrayed!" Ming snapped back. "By you and   by
  Lyle!"  
Jade laughed. A short, bright little chirp. "Oh hon, we all felt that way
  at first. Well, most of us. Some of the girls here knew what to expect before
  they got here."  
"And they came anyway?" Ming was astonished.  
"Sure. It's exciting as hell! Getting into the lottery and waiting to see
  if your number will come up. Shit, there's no other rush like it! Better than
  sky diving. Better than sex!"  
Ming didn't know what lottery she was referring to and found herself curiously
  reluctant to probe. Instead she barked, "And it doesn't bother you that you're
  eating  people  ? Human beings?"  
"Fuck, no. It's just another kind of meat, and pretty damn tasty. And don't
  give me any shit about how you didn't like it, too. I heard you pronounce it
  'wonderful' and 'amazing' when Candy gave you that sample. I saw you digging
  into it at dinner. You loved it! Till you threw it up, of course. Yuk!"  
Ming tried to hold on to her outrage, but the memory of vomiting in front
  of the entire room swept it away in a wave of shame. She felt her face grow
  hot.  
"Oh don't worry about it, sweetie," Jade soothed. "The staff had it cleaned
  up in seconds. They kind of expect that reaction from newbies and they're ready
  for it."  
"Others have thrown up?"  
"Of course."  
"You?"  
"No, but I've seen a lot more shit in this world than most. Besides, my first
  time here they didn't have the carcass right up there in front of us on a bed
  of veggies. She'd been carved up into steaks and stuff. It was only when I
  saw her tits on a platter that I figured out what the mystery meat was. By
  then I was too loaded to care."  
"Why on earth did you come back after you found out?"  
"Like I told you, hon, Taylor was my ticket out of the life  .
  Whoring ain't exactly how I wanted to spend the rest of my days. I mean, I
  was doing okay, making a pile of money; but it was running through my fingers
  like water. Clothes, booze, drugs, parties, classy cars, fancy San Fran pad,
  you name it. And I gotta tell you, playing hide the salami with an endless
  stream of jerkoffs could act like you're dog meat gets to be a real drag. Taylor
  was phenomenally rich, extremely generous, a real gentleman, not bad looking
  and willing to set me up for life. All I had to do was agree to come with him
  three times a year to this fantastic estate. Big risks, big thrills, all kinds
  of fun, terrific dinners and a huge payoff. A no-brainer."  
Ming's embarrassment at the memory of the vomiting episode had leached away
  most of her anger. She sat down and studied the relaxed young woman who obviously
  had no qualms about having teamed up with Lyle to turn her into a cannibal.  
"Doesn't it disturb you at all that you're eating other human beings?"  
"Trouble with you is you're still caught up in the propaganda you've been
  fed since you were born. Human meat is no different from any other kind of
  meat, except it tastes better than most."  
"But you're killing people! That's murder."  
"Not at all. A woman has to die to give up her meat, that's true, but she's
  not murdered. Every woman at the Millennium Group is here by choice. Taking
  part in the lottery goes with the territory. Actually it's an incredible rush!
  There's always the chance, however small, that you'll be the one on the table."  
"What the hell are you talking about? What is this lottery  ?"  
"That's how we chose our meat, sweetie. By lottery."  
"Explain that, please."  
"All us Permanent Guests arrive here sometime before eleven a.m. on the day
  of the banquet, or maybe the night before. We all enter a lottery at eleven
  o'clock sharp that determines who's going to be the main course. Whoever wins
  it is escorted to the kitchen and converted to meat."  
"You all   do this?"  
"That's right. All of us. No exceptions."  
"The men, too?"  
"No, hon. Men's meat is terrible. Too tough and stringy. They cook only girl
  meat. That's us."  
"That's horrible!"  
"It's exciting! I've been coming here two years now &mdash; tonight was my
  sixth banquet &mdash; and every time is more of an adrenalin rush than the
  time before. And the sex afterward is through the roof! I'm all wet now in
  anticipation."  
"You actually look forward to coming here when any at any visit you could
  wind up slaughtered and eaten?"  
"Ming, you think you know what you're talking about, but you don't. Until
  you've spent time with the knowledge that you're only meat on the hoof and
  that at any time you could be called upon to be converted into a roast or a
  boiled dinner for your friends, you can't begin to understand the thrill of
  it."  
"My God, Jade! It may not be murder when someone voluntarily enters a lottery
  to be killed and eaten, but it sure is a kind of suicide!"  
"So what? There are young men and women voluntarily blowing themselves up
  all over the middle east just to spread fear by killing other people at random.
  The people who talk them into it call them martyrs. The bomb carriers no doubt
  think of themselves as martyrs during those last panicky minutes of their lives.
  Why is it so bad that we Millennium women choose to risk being turned into
  meat? We're not killing other folks. If we do win the lottery, we're feeding
  our friends with a beautiful, highly personal gift of our own sweet flesh,
  cooked to perfection and served elegantly."  
"Jesus!" Ming was dumbfounded.  
What had she gotten herself into? On the one hand, it was a relief to learn
  that the girl she had helped to eat was not an innocent victim the Millennium
  Group had snatched off the streets and murdered. She had willingly gambled
  her own life away. On the other hand . . . .  
"Did I hear you right, Jade? Do all the women here, the Permanent Guests,
  do they all have to take part in this lottery?"  
"Absolutely. If you wanna dance, you have to pay the piper."  
"Sounds like a good reason not to come."  
"Millennium women are required to attend at least two banquets a year. Doesn't
  have to be here. There are other facilities. But this one's the best. Best
  grounds, best chef."  
"And what if they don't?"  
Jade smiled. An oddly sad smile. "They do."  
"But what if they don't?"  
"Ming, sweetie, you don't need to bother your head with that. You're gonna
  love it here! There's lots to do, the accommodations are marvelous," she gestured
  at the room to prove her point, "you'll come to love the meals and you'll even
  be amazed at how addictive the high is when it comes to the lottery. It's scary,
  it's exhilarating, it's way beyond exciting!"  
"My God, Jade! You're telling me that if I start coming here, I'll not only
  have to be part of a lottery which, if I win, means I'll be slaughtered and
  eaten, but I'll have to keep coming back two or three times a year and doing
  it all over again!"  
Jade stood up and walked over to Ming's chair. She sat on the right arm of
  the chair and took both Ming's hands into hers. They were cold as ice.  
"Ming, honey. You'll be coming back because you love Lyle and he wants you
  to come back. He's promised to be yours alone if you do that for him, and he
  means it."  
"Mine alone until my luck runs out and I'm eaten, you mean! I won't do it!"  
"Sweetie, you've already done it."  
"What?"  
"You've already been here. You have to come back."  
"No! I don't have to come back.! I won't! Why should I?"  
"You're not that na&iuml;ve, Ming. The Millennium Group has a lot to lose
  if there are loose canons rolling around out there."  
"Loose canons? What do you mean?"  
"You can't really believe they'd simply let you wander off unchallenged with
  what you've seen and heard."  
"How would they stop me?" A cold dread began to grip her heart. "You said
  they don't murder people here. You're all volunteers. You don't mind being
  eaten. Well I do mind! And I'm not volunteering."  
"When you and Lyle arrived, were you met by a brutish looking man who parked
  your car?"  
"Yes."  
"Well, hon, his name is Lenny, and parking cars is only one of his duties.
  His real value to the Millennium Group is retrieving rebellious young women
  who might prove to be a security problem."  
"Retrieving them?" The dread was turning into alarm!  
"Bringing them back. Or, if that's not practical, creating accidents for
  them that solves the problem. Permanently."  
"And when he brings them back?"  
"The solution is just as permanent, but less wasteful."  
"You said the meat here all comes from volunteers!"  
"I said all the girl meat for the banquets comes from volunteers. Retrieved
  security risks end up as frozen cuts shipped all over the world."  
Ming's heart was pounding. "I don't believe you. This is another one of your
  tricks. What you're saying is I'm trapped! That they'll never let me out of
  coming back over and over until I lose the lottery. Lyle wouldn't have brought
  me here if it were a trap. He was always saying if  I
  came back, if  I decided to be his permanent guest here. If,
  if, if!   'If' means I have a choice!"  
"In other words, Lyle loves you. You do believe he truly loves you, don't
  you?"  
"Yes!"  
"Because he does. With all his heart. And he absolutely intends to do what
  he's told you, to be faithful to you as his one and only love partner. To marry
  you, even. If  you come back."  
Ming started to jerk her hands free of Jade's grip, but Jade held on.  
"Listen, Ming! Let's forget Lenny for the moment. He don't matter. Just think
  about your life with Lyle. Do you really want to go back to what you had? Sharing
  his dick with a hundred other babes? Going to the Club so he could swap your
  body for still more fresh cunt? Stringing you along until he finally finds
  a hot little snatch so eager to become Mrs. Dr. Bach that she agrees to be
  his Millennium Girl? Then he dumps you. Is that what you want?"  
Caught between two horrors, Ming couldn't answer.  
"You wanted him bad enough to go way out on a limb and come here, not knowing
  what you were getting into. That was love coupled with courage. Now is not
  the time to turn chickenshit. Now is the time to put real Living into your
  life."  
"Short as it may be, you mean," Ming interjected bitterly.  
"I'll tell you this, sweetheart. I would never go back to life without Millennium.
  Life as a rich girl with plenty to spend and no worries is like a decorated
  egg: pretty on the outside, hollow on the inside. Easily crushed. These trips
  to the Millennium estate make life a Farrari racing along a mountain road!
  Sure it can fly off the edge, but godfuckingdamn! What a ride! See what I mean,
  hon?"  
"What I see is that you're telling me I have no choice, so I better rationalize
  a way to get used to it."  
"I'm telling you you're a lucky girl. There are scads of others who'd be
  more than happy to toss their name in the lottery to earn a lifetime in Lyle's
  bed."  
"A possibly very short lifetime."  
"Or a very long one. Look at me! I've breezed through five lotteries and
  I'm already revved up for the next one. I know Millennium Girls who've been
  coming to banquets for nearly ten years and still going strong. Shit, Ming!
  You could be hit by a truck and killed on the way home. Or blown to bits by
  some asshole terrorist. Or raped and murdered while walking home from work.
  No one gets out of this world alive. We're all gonna be dead in a while no
  matter how safe and boring we play it. So don't be a drag. You've got the good
  doctor wrapped around your finger. Have fun with that! He's yours!"  
"He's mine? Or am I his? His little trapped animal. Killed and quick-frozen
  if I try to escape, slaughtered and cooked in style at a future banquet if
  I stay."  
"Look hon, it's time to be practical. You can't go backwards, so concentrate
  on the pleasures ahead. Eat, drink, be merry and play the game. The stakes
  are high, sure, but the odds are in your favor and the rewards are tremendous.
  Come on! Let's drop the long faces and go down and mix with the other ladies.
  Find out what living on the edge does for the party animals in us!"  
On the edge, indeed! thought Ming as Jade led her briskly out of the suite
  toward the noise of the Great Room, already filled with well fed, well oiled
  revelers. These women have lots to celebrate. By surviving today's lottery
  they've won three more months of life before they have to come here again.
  Only next time she'd be among them. One more Millennium Girl from whom Lady
  Luck would chose dinner.  
  Chapter 6  
It took a long time, two and a half months in fact, before Ming could begin
  to admit to herself that she still loved Lyle. In those weeks the change in
  him was extraordinary. He came home promptly from the office and hospital,
  took her out frequently to dinner, showered her with bouquets of flowers, flew
  her to the Bahamas for a week of sun and surf. He even refrained from bondage
  sessions and visits to the Iron Feather Club until she asked for them herself,
  and then stayed strictly within the boundaries of play that gave her pleasure.
  And when she finally allowed him to make love to her again, he did so with
  orgasm-saturated passion that swept away all her residual resentments.  
Only once had she confronted him with Jade's claim that the Millennium Group
  would see to it that she either return to the estate or end up as an accident
  statistic. When he had brushed it off ("What's the point of discussing that,
  since you've already promised to come back?"), she let the subject drop. His
  failure to deny it confirmed it, as far as she was concerned.  
Now she was committed. Committed to Lyle. Committed to a wedding date in
  six more weeks. Committed to following her heart regardless of the cost. And
  committed to another Millennium banquet in a matter of hours. This time she
  would be no innocent newbie given a free bye for the lottery. This time she
  would be in  the lottery, along with all the other Permanent
  Guests.  
The four months that had elapsed since that initial debacle had given her
  emotional trauma time to heal. She had finally been able to get past her anger,
  self-disgust and terror, and learned to live with the reality of her situation.
  The reality was that she loved Lyle too much to give him up, whatever the cost
  of keeping him might be. The reality was that she herself had helped set the
  trap that had snared her as future meat for the Millennium Group. She had willfully
  ignored the clues: the signed confession, the blindfolded trip and the sidestepped
  questions. You'll see. You'll find out soon enough.    
   Well, now she saw. Now she had found out something
  about herself that she loathed but could not in truth deny. She had not only
  learned to live with the fact that she had eaten human flesh, but had actually
  enjoyed it. Given time to reflect on the affair objectively, she realized that
  in all her professional training and experience as a gourmet chef she had never
  tasted any meat nearly as exquisite in flavor and texture. Girl meat  ,
  Jade had called it, from young and tender females  only.
  Much as she reviled herself for her depravity, Ming could not in honesty deny
  that she had begun to look forward to another taste of that extraordinary substance.
  Unless, of course, she herself turned out to be the young and tender female.  
Yet, even as to that possibility, time had created an unexpected ambivalence.
  While the instinctive, self-preserving part of her trembled at the thought
  that in less than eight hours she could be dead, her guilt-drenched conscience
  welcomed death as an appropriate punishment for her moral collapse. While her
  fearful human side longed desperately to escape the fatal trap she herself
  had helped set, a still emerging part of her hidden psyche had begun to savor
  the unspeakably erotic image that stirred her loins: a mental picture of being
  seized, bound up and led off to the kitchen to be stripped, slaughtered and
  processed as meat.  
How could such a thought give her sexual jolts? The whole notion was monstrous!
  It made her tremble to think of it! It made her sick with fear. But it also
  made her damp.  
These thoughts roiled in Ming's mind as her lover pulled the Mercedes over
  to the side of the road and gently slipped the blindfold over her eyes.  
"Is this really necessary? What do I have to do to prove I'm one of you now?
  That I'm ready to be cooked and served up for dinner?"  
"Just another few visits, darling. That's all."  
"But this may be my last visit. I may be on a spit this very afternoon."  
"Don't be silly, my love. There will be at least eighteen couples here tonight.
  Eighteen other women in the lottery. Your chances are at least seventeen out
  of eighteen to be at my side enjoying the feast tonight. So stop fretting about
  it," he said as he kissed the hollow of her throat. "I love the scent and taste
  of your skin." He kissed his way up to the underside of her chin.  
"Yeah, right," she said with an unconvincing pretense at annoyance. "You're
  just wondering what I'd taste like en brochette."  
"That, too," he admitted, working his way to the corners of her mouth.  
"Tell me," she teased, "what turns you on more: the prospect of fucking me
  tonight or eating me this evening?"  
"Hard to say." He nibbled on her lower lip. "Sheathing my sword in your sweet
  scabbard, taking you in every conceivable position, is always a delight. And
  we've had many glorious orgasms together, you and I, haven't we? But when I
  picture you steaming hot and delicious, a mouth-watering masterpiece at the
  center of the banquet, it's a high beyond all comparison!"  
"Even though it can only happen once and puts an end to all those glorious
  orgasms?"  
"Being inside you is always deliriously exciting. But having you  inside me  ,
  absorbing you into my body, means you will be a part of me forever."  
"But I'll also be part of
  everyone else at the banquet."  
Precisely. You know how I enjoy sharing you as a gift, even when it was only
  your vagina. Imagine how much more proud I'll be if and when I have the opportunity
  to offer you as meat to our friends. Your willingness to do this makes me burst
  with love for you!"  
He silenced any further discussion of the issue with a long, deep kiss and
  strategically employed fingers. After she had shuddered through his masterfully
  engineered orgasm, he slipped back to the driver's side of the Mercedes and
  resumed their journey.  
But her fear remained. It twisted in her gut as the heavy car rolled the
  last several minutes through unseen twists and turns, past an unseen gatekeeper
  and up to the Grand Portico of the Millennium mansion.  
Once again Lenny was there to open her door and park the car. This time she
  studied him more closely. She noticed that there was nothing obsequious about
  the way he looked at her. Nor was there anything remotely lustful in his cold
  gaze. His were the eyes of a predator sizing up its prey. She had no doubt
  he had organized many an "accident" to eliminate reluctant guests.  
This arrival was distinctly different from her first. The lottery had not
  yet been conducted and the women were gathered in an anxious, chattering group
  in the Great Hall. Jade spotted Ming's appearance at once and rushed to greet
  her.  
"Hi, sweetie! Glad to see you back! And Ohmygod! Here's that fabulously good-looking
  boyfriend of yours. If you and Taylor would just turn your backs for a minute,
  I'd hustle him off to one of the zillion bedrooms in this place and screw him
  blind!"  
She embraced first Ming and then Lyle with her usual ebullient enthusiasm.  
"Oh well," Jade went on, "maybe he'll get to eat me tonight. Would you like
  that, blue-eyes?"  
"Jade," he answered with a lecherous smile, "if it weren't for my darling
  Ming, here, I'd eat you cooked or uncooked."  
Jade laughed hoarsely and grabbed Ming by the arm. "Come on, sweetie! Let's
  mingle among our fellow prospective entr&eacute;es. The lottery is less than
  an hour away and everyone is wound up tight as a drum."  
Lyle kissed Ming again, patted her bottom and sent her off with Jade.  
"How do they conduct these lotteries?" Ming asked as they entered the Great
  Room. "Do we draw straws or what?"  
"Every banquet is different. They never tell us in advance. Sometimes it's
  done in one round, and sometimes with two or three playoff rounds."  
"How do you mean?"  
"The first round is always pure chance. But depending on how its done, there
  might be more than one winner. Then there's a runoff contest or two of some
  sort that pits the finalists against each other."  
"With everyone trying to lose so they don't wind up on a platter?"  
Jade laughed. "No!" It was the familiar musical laugh Ming remembered from
  her first visit. "It's the other way around. They rig it so the winners get
  to enjoy the banquet. The loser becomes the main course."  
"You seem awfully relaxed. Aren't you scared?"  
"Course I'm scared, honey. I'm only human. I don't really want to die. But
  we're all going to die sometime, so why not get a rush out of the experience?
  Go out with the mother of all orgasms!"  
Ming chuckled, remembering the previous night's bedroom frolics, pleasure
  magnified by a heady admixture of excitement and fear of what the next day
  might hold. Now she was wishing Lyle had stayed with her to help her through
  this waiting. But there were no men present at all in this room. She asked
  why that was so.  
"I don't know," Jade answered. "They never hang out here with us until the
  actual lottery. Maybe they can't stand the suspense. They're probably all in
  the main bar getting fortified with pre-lunch martinis."  
"How can they do that? Drink martinis when one of their women is about to
  be chosen for slaughter!"  
"Don't worry. They'll all be back to watch. Besides, they have to be here
  for the ritual goodbye kiss."  
"A kiss of death kind of thing? Like the Mafia? Or Judas?"  
Jade giggled. "No. It's Millenium's way of officially turning you from a
  free woman to a meat animal. Kind of a sentimental touch. It's the cue to take
  you off and prepare you to be the main attraction for the feast."  
Ming felt a rippling of erotic excitement in her genital region. "God! What
  must go through a man's mind when he does that to his girlfriend? If he cares
  for her, I mean. Giving her the kiss that will send her to her death."  
"I gotta tell you, honey, watching their girl cooked and served at dinner
  is a huge turn on! Especially when she's a real beauty."  
"And what about the loneliness afterward?"  
"Well, that's what Candy is for."  
"Candy?"  
"The girl in the red dress. She fills in."  
"Fills in?"  
"You know. The guy's just eaten his girlfriend. He's turned on and distraught
  at the same time. She helps him get through it, at least for that first night."  
"She sleeps with him?"  
"That's what she's paid for, hon. That and for serving drinks and hors d'oeuvres."  
"She's a whore?"  
Jade winced. "Hey, she's a personal services professional, okay? Same as
  I was. Let's not use demeaning words just because she gets funded up front
  for fucking guys. At least it's an honest deal; everybody gets what they want;
  no strings. To me that's more honorable than using sex as bait to get a guy
  to put a ring on your finger, then cleaning the poor bastard out with the help
  of some bottom-feeding lawyer."  
"Okay," Ming countered quickly. "I'm sorry. You're right. I shouldn't use
  that word. I guess I'm on edge thinking that she may be fucking Lyle tonight
  instead of me. But the way I look at it, I take the risk and get put in the
  oven; she tosses her blond curls and gets the goodies."  
"It's not quite like that, Ming. She's in the lottery, too. Candy takes as
  much risk as we do. In fact, she brings along her two younger sisters, too.
  That's the pair of blonde girls she's talking to now. They're fourteen and
  fifteen. Celine and Cherry. Which, incidentally, helps to improve the odds
  for the rest of us. Including you, sugar tits."  
Ming backed down. "Okay. Remove foot from mouth and apologize. I didn't know,
  okay?" She squinted at the two girls, both as pretty as their older sister;
  one with a long pony tail, the other with a train of golden hair flowing down
  to the top of her buttocks. Both wore revealing dresses that displayed their
  budding assets to the edge of nudity. She spoke aloud the obvious question. "Millennium
  lets girls that young take part in the lottery?"  
"Sure. The younger the meat, the more tender."  
"They're barely past puberty. Do they realize what could happen to them?"  
"Yup."  
"Jesus! Did Candy supply their partners, too?"  
"No partners. There's a big demand for threesomes here and the little sluts
  are happy to help out. They're too young to take risk seriously, but they sure
  know how to screw and have fun!"  
"I should think that would make them really high security risks. Teens aren't
  known for their ability to keep their mouths shut."  
"They were given an orientation course by Lenny. Teens may think they're
  immortal, but they can be made to appreciate the need to avoid serious pain."  
As they spoke, the woman in red noticed she had drawn their attention. She
  broke away from her sisters and moved across to Ming and Jade, balancing a
  silver tray on her left hand. It was crowed with long-stemmed glasses filled
  with a slightly murky liquid.  
"Hi. You're Ming, right?"  
Ming nodded, momentarily chagrined, wondering how much she'd overheard, trying
  to keep her eyes off the young blonde's outrageously spectacular frontage.  
Candy flowed right on. "This is your first lottery, so I imagine you're pretty
  tense. Please, have one of these. It helps."  
"Thank you," Ming said, concentrating on appearing cool as she lifted one
  of the cocktail glasses from the tray. "What is it?"  
"A daiquiri. Would you prefer something else? I'll be happy to mix it for
  you, if I can."  
"No, no. A daiquiri is fine. I'll probably need more than one, though," Ming
  said with a chuckle, hoping it cancelled whatever impression of hostility the
  woman might have picked up.  
"I'll be watching. Just signal."  
Ming let out a sigh of relief as the low-cut red dress and its curvaceous
  occupant glided away on dangerously high heels. Why was she feeling jealousy
  towards this woman? What difference did it make if Candy or anyone else screwed
  Lyle if his former girlfriend's leftovers were being scraped into a garbage
  disposal? No difference, of course. Yet there was on question she could no
  longer leave unasked.  
"There's something that's been on my mind, Jade."  
"Yeah? What?"  
"Lyle's been here before, hasn't he?"  
Jade looked away, pretending to survey the room, stalling for time to find
  the right words. But there were no right words. She turned back to Ming.  
"I presume you're asking if he's brought anyone else here to the Millennium
  Group."  
"Well, has he?"  
"Ming, dear, Lyle was a Member when he brought you here as his guest. How
  do you suppose he got to be a Member in the first place? Guys can't come here
  alone."  
The obvious answer, yet Ming felt as though she'd been kicked in the stomach. "How
  many others?"  
"Lyle was a Member before I got here, sweetie. I've only seen him with one
  other girl, though. Her name was Layna, I think."  
"Was?"  
"She was the main course for my first banquet here."  
"What was she like."  
"Delicious!"  
"No, I mean . . ."  
"I know what you meant, sweetheart. Look, all that counts is that in the
  end, she made a beautiful presentation and was enjoyed by all. She chose to
  be live-spitted and roasted whole, pretty much like the girl you ate at your
  inaugural banquet, except she had them wrap her head in aluminum foil so her
  hair didn't burn off."  
"Live-spitted? You mean she was alive while she cooked?"  
"For a while. She lasted for almost an hour."  
"She chose  that?"  
"Sure. I think I might choose that, too. God! I'm about to come just thinking
  about it!"  
"You get to chose how they cook you?"  
"Yeah. You make out a will and have your partner sign it."  
"But I don't have a will yet."  
"You should. Otherwise it's Chef's Choice, and they usually take the easy
  way out. Cut your throat and butcher you into rump steaks, loin cuts, filets,
  fried tits, ribs and so forth. Makes for a nice variety, but lacks the visual
  impact of a whole roast or boiled girl. If you make it through this lottery,
  be sure to ask Lyle to help you make out a will. You're a professional chef
  yourself, as I recall. You should be able to design your entire meal. I hope
  I'm around to enjoy it!"  
"And I hope you're not!"  
Jade laughed heartily. "Well, if I go first, be sure to put your dibs in
  early for a slice of my tits. Tits go fast. Taylor will get my crispy cunt
  lips, of course. That's traditional. But I'll tell him to give you a nibble.
  Cooked pussy doesn't have much taste, but it has high impact as symbolism.
  It's considered an honor to be offered a piece. It will be my last gift to
  you."  
But Ming wasn't really listening. Her mind had fastened on the fact that
  Lyle had brought another woman to the Millennium Group. Layna. Probably others
  before her. Was that all Ming was to Lyle? Another ticket to the banquets?
  Replaceable as needed? Caught in an endless loop of doubts, she drained her
  daiquiri and raised her hand for a second. The red dress was instantly beside
  her with another loaded tray, held at the same level as the blonde tart's barely
  restrained bosom. Ming selected another drink at random and turned to Jade,
  interrupting whatever she was going on about.  
"That means Lyle has already slept with Candy, doesn't it?"  
"Huh?" Jade lapsed into an exasperated silence, then sighed. "Exactly why
  to you care, Ming?"  
Ming was hard-pressed for an answer. Why did she? She was obsessing. It was
  a stupid and useless waste of time and energy. Yet, even with the possibility
  of death only minutes away, the image of Lyle and Candy copulating burned in
  her mind.  
"Because I love Lyle," was the best answer she could muster. "And it hurts
  to find out I'm just another piece of meat he's brought to the party, with
  good old Candy standing by to comfort his boner. It hurts, goddammit!" She
  shook her head to ward off an immanent threat of tears.  
"Oh, hon." Jade gathered her up. "What if Lyle was a widower? What if he
  had three kids in tow? Would you be unable to fall in love and marry him because
  he'd loved another woman before you, and shared her bed? Would you?"  
Ming buried her head in Jade's shoulder and let the tears begin to flow.
  She shook her head.  
"Of course not. And would you care that after he lost his wife, he had taken
  solace in the arms of another woman or two, just for the sex, just to relieve
  his loneliness?"  
Ming shook her head again, sniffling.  
"Then stop this silliness. Lyle loves you, and I think it's great news that
  you and him are getting married! When's the big day?"  
"Six weeks."  
"Fantastic!" Jade tightened her arms around Ming and hugged her ferociously.  
"If I'm still around," Ming added.  
"O for chrissake, girl! There are twenty women in the lottery, counting Candy
  and her sisters. If the prize was fifty million bucks, you'd be thinking how
  small your chance of winning is. Which means your chances of not  winning
  are huge. So lighten up. Are you planning a big wedding? Church, white gown,
  bridesmaids, all that shit?"  
"No. Small." Ming pulled away from Jade's embrace and took a deep swig of
  the daiquiri. "But Jade, how do I know that Lyle didn't pick me to be his girl
  only because I was willing to be his partner for these Millennium banquets?
  How do I know he really loves me, and he's not just stringing me along until
  I'm put on a plate?"  
"Are you still on that  subject? Fuck, girl! He's marrying
  you! He doesn't have  to marry you. You're locked in to
  Millennium anyway; you can't back out now; one way or another you're a permanent  guest.
  He's marrying you because he loves  you, dummy! Look,
  do you think I don't know that Taylor will replace me with some other young
  chickie once I'm sent to the kitchen? Of course he will. That's part of the
  kick, hon: knowing that we're just human cattle, me and you and every female
  here; that our irreversible destiny is to take our turn as food." She closed
  her eyes. "God! I'm getting wet again!"  
"But if Lyle thinks of me as mere meat . . ."  
"Jesus! You are not  'mere meat.' You are unique  meat.
  You are his own sacred   meat. The more you love each
  other, the more meaningful it will be when he incorporates you into his own
  body as food." Jade laid a palm on Ming's cheek and spoke with a soft intensity. "Sweetheart,
  me and you are incredibly lucky! Most women eke out boring, humdrum lives where
  the biggest thrill is gossip and movies. They plow through day after day of
  dreary routines, trying to make ends meet while they cope with a herd of mouthy
  brats, sicknesses, abusive husbands and painful divorces. They watch their
  husbands grow old and fat and indifferent, and it all finally grinds to an
  end with some miserable disease. Me and you, on the other hand, can look forward
  to fast paced lives of obscene luxury and great sex, spiced every four months
  with an event so exciting it makes me cream just thinking about it. I'm telling
  you, Ming, if Taylor dies before I do, I'll keep coming back here anyway. Maybe
  I'll put in for Candy's job." She laughed.  
Ming looked at her with astonishment. "If you really want to be meat, Jade,
  why don't you just volunteer, save everyone else here the anxiety for at least
  one banquet?"  
"Because the anxiety is the best part! The suspense! I wouldn't dream of
  depriving us of that. Hon, I've done a lot of dangerous things in my twenty
  years, flirting with death all over the place. But being part of the lottery
  here is by far the most sensational high of all! Come on, admit it. The possibility
  of being hauled off to the kitchen, cooked where everyone can watch and served
  for dinner makes you tingle where it counts, doesn't it?"  
"Everyone can watch?"  
"Absolutely. Every detail, from slaughter to garnish."  
It was true. Ming was already tingling. But she couldn't bring herself to
  confess out loud to such an aberrant reaction, so she simply drained her glass,
  compressed her lips and nodded.  
"Of course it does!" Jade reconfirmed jauntily. "And the other part of it
  is that if fate lets you off the hook this time &mdash; as it most likely will &mdash; you
  get to enjoy the delectable flesh of one of these other lovely young women.
  Maybe even me. So let's stop wasting time worrying about whose time is up and
  how much extracurricular poon our lovers have enjoyed. Let's circulate."  
Jade waved at Candy who promptly appeared before them with still more drinks.
  Ming, whose tension was by now largely displaced by a pleasant buzz, took a
  third glass. She even smiled at Candy who seemed, somehow, less of a threat
  now. More of a colleague.  
Jade led her a few feet deeper into the midst of the throng where they were
  immediately halted by a tall young woman with long, dark blonde hair and a
  radiant smile.  
"Jade! I didn't realize you were here! What fun! And who's your friend? No
  wait! This is the girl who was the newbie at the last banquet, right?"  
"Right," Jade responded brightly. "Tia, meet Ming. Ming, Tia."  
The blonde turned directly to Ming. "And your partner is the handsome Dr.
  Bach, yes?"  
"Yes, indeed," Ming affirmed.  
"And now her financ&eacute;," Jade threw in. "They're getting married in
  six weeks."  
"Hey, that's wonderful!" Tia exclaimed. "We need more wives in our group."  
"Tia is married to Seth," Jade explained. "You'll meet him later. Tia, here,
  has been a Millennium Girl longer than most. You're what? Twenty-six, Tia?"  
"Twenty-five. This is my sixth year."  
"So how many banquets does that make this one?" Ming asked.  
"I don't know. My eighteenth, I think."  
"Don't you worry that your luck is running out?" Ming couldn't stop herself
  from asking.  
Tai's eyes sparkled. "So what if it does? I'm ready. I know just how I want
  to be prepared. I've got it all planned out."  
"And you're not nervous?"  
"A little. But I figure my chances are just as good now as they ever were,
  so why pee my pants about it." She chuckled, patted Ming's cheek, and moved
  on to another cluster of women.  
Jade and Ming were immediately confronted by another face vaguely familiar
  to Ming.  
"Hi, Brandi," Jade said, solving the mystery. Ming remembered. Brandi and
  her partner Max were the first couple she met on that first visit. Unlike the
  voluptuous Tai, Brandi was diminutive, even smaller than Ming, with short,
  light brown hair and an upturned nose. Once again Ming was struck by her apparent
  youth. She seemed no older than thirteen or fourteen. And, just as before,
  she seemed to be thoroughly sloshed, a drink in her hand, swaying slightly.  
"Nice to see you again, Brandi," Ming offered.  
"You got a watch?" the girl asked. "How long now?"  
Jade glanced at her wristwatch. "Just a few minutes. "You're not scared,
  are you?"  
"Well, yeah!" the girl wailed. "But I'm hyped, too. Max said he'd make sure
  they follow my instructions, if it's me. I want to feel every inch of the spit
  as it goes through me, but I don't want to suffer in the fire, y'know? There
  ain't much to my tits, though. I hope Max ain't too disappointed. That's what
  I'm afraid of. I'm only thirty-two B."  
"Hey, that's what I am," Jade lied. "Thirty-two B. The smaller tits taste
  the best, you know that. Taylor says as long as the nipples suck up tall in
  life, and there's enough tit to fill half his plate at dinner, what more can
  a man ask? Anything more than that is flab. Yuk."  
Brandi nearly collapsed in a cascade of giggling. Jade surreptitiously moved
  Ming along to a nearby group. One of the group was Katerina, the Ukrainian
  blonde.  
As Jade rattled off the introductions, Ming tried to absorb the new names,
  but the third drink had mellowed her mind to a fuzzy mush and nothing stuck.
  She found herself staring at Katerina, an ideally formed young woman without
  a visible trace of excess fat. Her hair had probably been golden as a child,
  but was darkening as she grew into her late twenties, early thirties. Ming
  wondered how such a strikingly pretty woman had been talked into offering herself
  as meat. After a few minutes of pointless chatter, and bolstered by an alcohol
  based recklessness, she asked the question artlessly and directly.  
"So, how did you come to be part of all this?"  
"This?"  
"The banquets. The lottery."  
"Same as you, I imagine: to please my man. Tom."  
"So how did he talk you into it?"  
Katerina's answer was immediate and serene. "By assuring me I could indulge
  my special passion here."  
"Which is?"  
"Eating beautiful young women like you."  
Ming managed not to blink. Was she being hit on, or had a gauntlet been thrown?
  She took a sip of her drink to think about it, then licked her lips and said, "I
  understand completely. This is only my second visit here, of course, but roast
  girl is already my favorite meat. So, how do you plan to have yourself cooked?"  
Before Katerina could answer, a soft gong sounded. The room fell silent.  
"It's time," Jade whispered to Ming.  
  Chapter 7  
A stocky, balding man not a lot taller than Ming strode into the room carrying
  a small travel bag. Ming recognized him as one of the Members but she had never
  been introduced to him and didn't know his name. He was followed by another
  man carrying a jug with a black covering over the top. Him she recognized.
  It was Lenny. His brutish appearance was even more scary under these circumstances.  
"Good morning, ladies!" the first man said.  
His audience murmured a response in which Ming thought she heard the name
  Tad. Or maybe it was Ted.  
"It's such a beautiful day! Nice and warm. It would be a shame to waste it.
  So, we're going to have our lottery today in several stages, starting with
  a grand naval battle!"  
Muted squeals of approval.  
"We have an even twenty lovely contestants today, and we're going to start
  by dividing you up into two teams: the Red Team and the Green Team. Lenny here
  will pass amongst you with a jug containing ten red and ten green tiles. You
  will reach in through the top and pull one out. No peeking! The Red Team will
  assemble over there to my right; the Green Team over here to my left. I will
  follow behind Lenny and hand you your team collars which you will put on yourselves."  
Tad (or Ted) began removing brightly colored, inch-wide dog collars from
  his bag. To each collar a short silk scarf of the same red or green hue had
  been attached. He looped the unbuckled collars over both forearms &mdash; red
  on the right, green on the left.  
As he did all this, Lenny had ambled into the midst of the women. Ming could
  see now that the lid of the jug was rubber and cris-crossed with slashes to
  allow a hand to reach through without revealing the contents. The women, without
  exception, avoided making eye contact with Lenny as they reached in to extract
  their tile. Ming and Jade were among the last half dozen. Both drew red tiles.
  Before they could turn to join their team, the stocky man was handing them
  red collars. Ming buckled hers on as she walked to the Red side of the room.
  By the time she got there, properly collared, the man had resumed his original
  position.  
"What is his name?" Ming whispered to Jade.  
"Tad," she whispered back. "Theodore Orestes. He runs the lotteries."  
"You look gorgeous, ladies!" he was saying. "I'm looking forward to a good
  show. Here's how it's gonna work. We're all going out to the courtyard pool.
  At each end of the pool there'll be a pole with a flag on it and five little
  boats. Inside the each boat is one short paddle. Now I gotta tell ya, there's
  no seat in those boats, and they're small and tippy. But you're gonna man them
  in pairs, fully dressed, just as you are now."  
An eruption of giggles rippled through the two teams.  
"Here's the deal. Each team will grab their own flag, get in their boats
  and head for the opposite end. The first team to plant their flag in the pole
  holder at that end wins the round and are free to enjoy the rest of the day
  and tonight's banquet. The losing team advances to the next test. But there's
  a couple of rules. You gotta be in a boat to plant the flag or it doesn't count.
  You gotta be in a boat in the pool within two minutes of start time, and you
  can't get out of the pool until the game is over. You'll also have to do your
  own team organizing during game time, which begins right NOW! GO!"  
After a moment of startled inaction, pandemonium broke out. A few women on
  both teams tried to stop the inevitable rush to the pool long enough to get
  organized, including Jade, but it was useless. Half of each team were already
  running from the room and the would-be organizers decided to catch up before
  all hope of controlling the chaos was lost.  
As Ming ran into the open courtyard, she could see the two poles Tad had
  described. They were nearly ten feet tall, the one on her right topped with
  a red banner, the other sporting the green version. Five impossibly tiny boats,
  like miniature canoes, rested on the poolside tiles at each end. The entire
  company of male Members encircled the pool area cheering the women. The corridor
  from which the women emerged was squarely in the middle of the pool's long
  side, so neither team had the advantage of being closer to their starting end.
  Ming saw high heeled shoes being kicked off ahead of her and did the same with
  hers as she approached the boats. The red flag was suddenly flailing about.
  Tia had grabbed it, plucked it out of its holder and was using it to assume
  command of the Red Team. Ming glanced at the other end of the pool. Katerina,
  on the Green Team, had done exactly the same thing. Ming could hear her yelling
  orders at the Green Team. But she shifted her full attention to what Tia was
  saying.  
"Quick! Get the boats in the water! Then one steadies the boat while the
  other gets in. But carefully! Both face the same direction. Back one paddles.
  Front one defends the boat. They're gonna try to stop us, so we have to tip
  them over, get them out of the way." She began stepping gingerly into a boat
  where another woman squatted holding on to the side of the pool as best she
  could. "You two boats!" She pointed at the two already mostly ready, including
  Ming's. "You go just ahead of me and clear the way. You other guys, you keep
  them from sticking their fucking flagpole in our hole!"  
Ming ended up in the front position of her boat, though she didn't know why.
  She was concentrating of squatting down, keeping her center of gravity as low
  as possible, when there was a terrible scream behind her. She peeked over her
  shoulder, careful not to unbalance the boat. The scream cut off with a splash.
  Lenny was standing at the side of the pool glowering at a girl thrashing in
  the water. He held a cattle prod in his hand. Ming shuddered. Obviously Tad
  meant it when he warned them to be in the boats in two minutes. She noticed
  he was at the other end, also holding a prod. Her backward glance also enabled
  her to see that her boatmate was one of Candy's baby sisters.  
"Are you Celine or Cherry?" she yelled.  
"Cherry!"  
"I'm Ming. Have you ever done this before?" Hoping the girl, young as she
  was, would have some idea what to do.  
"No, but it's fun!"  
Shit!  she thought. The little twit thinks this is fun!
  Oh well, maybe that's a good thing.  
On the other hand, Cherry was steering them straight toward the boat where
  Katerina, blond hair flying in the breeze, was clutching the Green flagpole,
  waving it in front of her in figure eights like a lance. It was something less
  fearsome than a lance, however, because the top end was tipped with a sponge
  ball. Ming hoped the arrogant Ukrainian beauty wouldn't have the sense to reverse
  the pole and use its more threatening blunt end. She didn't. She swung the
  pole at Ming's head. Ming, afraid to duck quickly lest she tip the little boat,
  reached up and grabbed the pole. She discovered that it, also, was covered
  with a spongy material. (Clearly, the Millennium Group did not want its meat
  bruised.) The material made it easy to hold on to the pole, but that also made
  it easy for Katerina to yank her out of the boat. A California girl who grew
  up around beaches and swimming pools, Ming had no fear of the water, so she
  hung on to the pole, halting Katerina's advance to the finish line.  
But this adversary was not about to give up. She was as determined as Ming
  to avoid getting another step closer to being a menu item. She hauled herself
  along the pole hand-over-hand to where Ming was gripping it, pulling her boat
  with her. When she was within reach, she grabbed a fistful of Ming's hair and
  yanked it sharply back, pulling the Asian girl's head under water. As she had
  hoped, Ming instinctively let go of the pole with one hand to try to dislodge
  the painful clasp that would soon drown her; but as the two struggled to wrest
  the pole away from each other, Cherry, seeing Katerina's backup was committed
  to keeping their boat balanced, paddled up next to it, seized it by the bow
  and flipped it over. Katerina let go of Ming's hair as she plunged backwards
  into the water, trying to keep her own head above the surface while still holding
  on to the pole.  
Ming's head popped up; she gulped air and in another moment had a death-grip
  on the pole with both hands. She tread water, having no interest in dealing
  with the tippy little boat again, only in keeping the green flag immobilized
  until Tia could plant the red one in its place. Where was she, anyway? No time
  to look. Here came Katerina again, eyes wide with rage, no time to lose. Her
  plan was obvious: she was bigger and stronger; she would use her superior muscle
  power and weight to twist the pole out of Ming's hands. But Ming was a second
  ahead of her. She turned her back on Katerina, put the pole over her shoulder
  and yanked it down hard in front of her as she brought her heels up behind
  her, catching Katerina in the nose. She turned face up, ready to ram her heel
  straight into Katerina's face again, but didn't need to. The blonde woman was
  backing out of range, holding her nose with one hand and the pole with the
  other. Blood began to seep between her fingers.  
Two other boats lurched up to the pole and other hands began grabbing for
  it. But Ming had it tucked under her arm now and Cherry was whacking with her
  paddle at anyone who tried to attack her comrade. Ming had to admit the girl
  had amazing balance in that treacherous little canoe. She was even whacking
  at her younger sister who had ended up on the Green Team. Apparently neither
  sister fancied being eaten by the other tonight.  
The struggle raged with increasing fury and Ming was either under water or
  fending off hoards of attackers so much of the time that she never did see
  how Tia was able to reach the Red end and plant the Green flag. But it all
  came to an end with the shrill blast of a whistle. The bedraggled contestants
  were helped out of the pool and Ming was allowed to remove the collar and slosh
  off to her apartment on the arm of her proud finac&eacute;.  
After stripping off her soaked dress and undies and a quick shower to wash
  the pool chlorine off her skin and out of her hair, she put on a sexy sundress
  and went back to the Great Room to join the gathering spectators as the losing
  Green Team, still dripping wet, their clothes plastered to their figures, stood
  waiting for their next opportunity to postpone their inevitable date with the
  kitchen staff.  
Katerina had managed to staunch her nosebleed and looked as defiant as ever,
  despite her disheveled hair. Her black and gold dress, already indecently brief,
  was now little more than a coat of paint on her spectacular body. For the first
  time, Ming realized she couldn't help but think how pleasing it would be to
  see that woman being carved up on a platter. She amused herself as she waited
  by designing appropriate side dishes to accompany Roasted Breast of Katerina.  
Then Tad and Lenny were back to announce the next ordeal. Lennie had rolled
  out a card table with a deck of cards in a tray and a machine the size of a
  shoe box on one side.  
"Ladies," Tad began, "that was quite a show. Quite a show. And it pares the
  field down to you ten lovelies. Hey, you may not be all that good at naval
  warfare, but I gotta tell ya, I've never seen a more gorgeous lot of finalists!
  Unfortunately, we can only use one of you beauties to grace our table tonight,
  so let's get down to that final selection. That battle, as much fun as it was,
  took longer than we anticipated, and the kitchen staff is getting antsy. You
  know how it is. The Chef . . . well, he wants to make sure he does our winner
  justice. You wouldn't want a rush job, right? On your big night? So, we'll
  have to cut right to the chase. Here's what we're gonna do."  
In his right hand he brandished a pack of playing cards with the Millennium
  Group logo on the back: a stylized silhouette of a nude female figure embracing
  a flame.  
"This is a normal playing card deck. Fifty-two cards. Four suits. I'm gonna
  put the deck in this mechanical shuffling machine . . ." (he placed the deck
  in a tray) ". . . and let it shuffle the deck three times."  
He gave a red button three taps and the machine jumped to life, splitting
  the deck and shuffling it together three consecutive times. He removed the
  deck and placed it on the table in front of the ten women.  
"Then I'm gonna invite each and every one of you to step up and cut the deck,
  if you choose."  
Six of the women, including Celina, Cherry's sister, did. Katerina was among
  those who didn't move.  
"Now I want you to form an arc around three sides of the table. I'm gonna
  deal out three cards to each of you. Leave them be until I tell you otherwise."  
Ming wondered what would happen if one of them disobeyed. Instant "winner," she
  supposed.  
When the thirty cards were dealt, face down, Tad said, "Now chose one of
  the three and turn it over. If you have a spade, stay where you are. If you
  have any other suit, step back and join our observers."  
All ten women hesitated, selected a card and turned it face up. Two spades
  were showing. Katernina and Celine. The other eight made various sounds of
  relief and stepped far back, glad to be out of the running. Ming found Lyle
  and hugged him, hanging on for long moments, letting her fear drain away.  
"Do you want to leave?" he whispered. "You don't have to stay for this."  
"Oh yes I do!" she whispered back. "I want to what to expect when it's my
  turn." And she wanted to see Katerina get hers. She turned with her back against
  Lyle and held his arms, keeping them wrapped around her for comfort.  
Katerina was staring at her Ace of Spades transfixed. How could this be happening?
  This day was turning into the nightmare she had long denied. Her chances of
  seeing another dawn had just dropped to fifty-fifty. In the corner of her vision
  she saw Lenny moving into position behind Celine and her. Waiting.  
Celine's eyes were bright with excitement. She was breathing rapidly, overdosing
  on adrenalin.  
Tad spoke up. "Now that we're down to our two finalists, here's how it will
  go. You're going to be turning over one more card. I will deal out three new
  ones, or you can stay with what you have. Your choice. Remember, the rank of
  the card doesn't count. Only the suit. Ties don't count. There has to be only
  one Spade turned up in the round. Understand?"  
Both contestants nodded, their eyes fixed on the cards.  
"So, Katerina. You want to go with the two remaining cards you have, or shall
  I deal you three new ones?" He had already collected the cards of the eight
  former players, repatriated them with the deck and run it through the shuffling
  machine.  
Ming could see that Katerina had begun to perspire. Her nerves on edge.  
"I'll stay with these," the buxom blonde decided.  
"Same here!" said the fourteen-year-old beside her.  
"Then turn over another one," the Lottery Master said.  
Katerina turned a second card face up.  
"The deuce of Spades!" Tad sang out.  
Katerina could barely breathe! When would this string of bad luck end?  
 Celine turned one of hers over.  
"The Jack of Spades!" announced Tad.  
Another stalemate. For the first time Katerina seemed on the verge of collapse.
  Celine appeared ready to jump out of her skin, eager to go on.  
"Well, ladies?" the Lottery Master said. "New cards or old."  
"New!" shouted Celine. Three more cards were placed on the table in front
  of her. She glanced up at Katerina, her face flushed.  
Without a word Katerina made the opposite decision. What were the chances
  of having three spades in a row? She slowly turned over her third and last
  card. The eight of Clubs. She clutched the table and willed her pulse to slow
  down.  
Celina, her face a crazed complex of fear and teenage daring, flipped over
  the middle card in her newly dealt cluster. The nine of Spades. She gasped
  and stopped breathing. In an instant Lenny was behind her, pulling her wrists
  behind her back and securing them with plastic handcuffs.  
Tad's voice boomed out: "Ladies and gentlemen, Members and guests: the winner
  of our lottery today and our newest Novitiate in the Millennium Culinary Hall
  of Fame is the lovely Celine."  
The circle of Members and guests broke into enthusiastic applause. For them
  the tension was over and the fun could begin. Katerina, regaining her composure,
  straightened herself up, shrugged at Celine &mdash; a shrug that said You
  knew the risks, little girl, so enjoy the consequences! &mdash;   and
  joined the surrounding spectators.  
Celine's expression was a mad complex of dumbstruck fear and feverish excitement.
  When Lenny held a red ball-gag in front of her face, she obligingly opened
  her mouth to let him push it in. He had to shove it hard to cram it into her
  small mouth and strap it in place, making her grimace a little. But she offered
  no complaint. She even lifted her chin a little so he could replace the team
  collar she was still wearing with a more sturdy leather collar to which a chain
  leash was clipped.  
Allowing no dead air as the applause faded, Tad continued: "Celine has been
  attending these banquets as a Permanent Guest of her older sister, the equally
  beautiful Candy, our ravishing hostess. I therefore ask Candy, as Celine's
  official sponsor, to step forward and complete our ceremony."  
Still wearing the red dress now plastered to her body from its pool soaking,
  Candy separated herself from the gallery of onlookers and moved as through
  mud toward the doomed girl, trying to hide her feelings of guilt behind a mask
  of pride. A moment later the two sisters stood face to face, the one a picture
  of unspeakable anguish, the other unable to speak the feelings burning behind
  her gag. Candy, her eyes leaking tears, gathered Celine into her arms, held
  her for a minute, gently rocking, then kissed her on the left cheek. She let
  go and walked slowly backward into the crowd, weeping.  
Celine registered no distress that Ming could see. The gag distorting her
  mouth precluded most facial expression, but her eyes remained bright and alert.
  When Lenny produced a large pair of shears and began cutting off her dress,
  she watched his progress with fascination, even lifting her cinched arms behind
  her to help him strip away the material.  
Tad waved a paper over his head to regain the attention of the gallery.  
"Thank you, Candy, for having brought us this wonderful contribution to our
  triannual feasts. The former Celine is now officially the meat for our banquet
  tonight and preparations will begin shortly. Celine left behind a Will which
  we will be happy to honor. I will post it on the kitchen viewing window so
  that anyone who wishes to do so may verify that we are preparing and cooking
  her in the manner she desired. In short, she asked to be spitted and roasted
  live. For those interested in watching, body prep will begin in the kitchen
  immediately. The actual spitting will take place in about an hour. She will
  then be transferred fully mounted to the outdoor roasting pit. Dinner will
  be served at 7:00 PM. In the meantime, for those who require a little something
  solid with their afternoon drinks," he paused for chuckles around the room, "a
  light lunch will be served until 12:30."  
Lenny had snipped through and removed the last of Celine's clothing. She
  stood nude before the group as Tad finished his speech, shivering a little
  during his description of what was about to happen to her, what she had wrought
  in her own words. Being displayed totally naked like this with her wrists bound,
  her mouth gagged and a collar and leash around her neck, all contributed to
  a delicious sense of having been degraded to less than human. To meat. She
  reveled in it! At the same time, her adolescent mind was beginning to grasp
  the fact that in just a few hours her life would be over, she would no longer
  exist; that she had set herself up not only for death but for some seriously
  severe pain. And that it was all completely irreversible. Yet, paradoxically,
  that last fact, that nothing could save her now, was what made it all so incredibly
  erotic!  
Ming could read all this in the girl's eyes &mdash; or most of it &mdash; because
  she could see her own reflection there. One day she, too, would be standing
  here: naked, demeaned and helpless &mdash; unable to stop what she herself
  had started. It was terrifying and immensely arousing!  
"Will they really let us watch her being prepared?" she asked Lyle.  
"Of course. But are you sure you want to do that?"  
"Why wouldn't I? Shouldn't I know what the future holds?"  
"You don't have to sign up for that  kind of procedure.
  The initial prep can be quick and painless. Besides, that could be years and
  years away."  
"Oh really? I don't see very many seventy year old PG's around here. Matter
  of fact, I don't see any female over the age of thirty-five. Where do you hide
  them all?"  
"After a certain age they don't have to come to the banquets any more."  
"Ah. So then how does Millennium get them to keep their mouths shut about
  this place?"  
Lyle looked distinctly uncomfortable. "Ming, the Millennium Group has an
  excellent system of continuing incentives, but I am not at liberty to disclose
  what they are. The bottom line is, there are no aging and disgruntled ex-PG's
  wandering around out there. So let's just leave it at that and concentrate
  on the here and now. We've got a lot of living and loving to do before we need
  to bother about that stuff. Anyway, I thought you wanted to watch Celine's
  prep."  
He pointed and Ming followed the direction of his finger to see Celine being
  led out of the room by Lenny at the end of the leash. They followed, along
  with several other of the spectators, including Cherry who looked like she'd
  been punched in the stomach. Ming had no illusions about the reasons for Lyle's
  discomfort and evasions. There was no doubt in her mind that Millennium would
  allow her to live only as long as she was a reasonable risk, a loyal banqueter
  and a worthy potential meal. Well, she had signed her own warrant in blood;
  there was no point picking at the scab.  
Besides, today's experience had given her a taste of living on the precipice.
  She could see that life as a Millennium girl would be as edgy as a high wire
  act over Niagra Falls. A girl could get addicted to the adrenalin rush.  
When they reached the kitchen complex, the observers were shunted to an observation
  window. As Ming took up a position there, Celine was being bent over a kind
  of trestle in a corner of the kitchen. Her leash was wrapped around tethering
  hook at the base of the trestle to hold her in place. A large enema bag was
  suspended to one side of the trestle and the nozzle was quickly inserted into
  her rectum. As her belly swelled with the contents of the bag, a wheeled toilet
  was rolled in behind her. By the time the bag was flat, emptied of its liquid,
  Celine was squirming in extreme discomfort, her stomach distended alarmingly.
  The staff had used the type of nozzle with an inflatable ball that holds it
  in place without help from the patient's overstressed sphincter, so there was
  no leakage when they loosened her leash, raised her up off the trestle and
  sat her on the portable potty. Not until they deflated the nozzle. It popped
  out with the sudden release of the pent up liquid stretching her intestinal
  tract. They went through this procedure three times, cleaning her out.  
Next they cut off her plastic handcuffs and strung her up by her wrists and
  ankles with padded cuffs, stretching her into a vertical X, her feet a few
  inches off the floor. She was scrubbed clean with soapy brushes and hosed off.
  Another hose was inserted into her vagina. Her expression, in spite of the
  gag, suggested that the high pressure nozzle did not provide a pleasant experience.  
She was then taken down and laid face up on a narrow stainless steel table,
  her arms strapped tightly to the sides at the upper arms, elbows and wrists.
  Each leg was strapped down separately at the crotch, knee and ankle. Another
  strap was cinched across her rib cage just under her breasts, a second over
  her neck and a third over her forehead. Everything was tightened down so that
  she was totally immobilized.  
At that point two surgically dressed men stepped up to the table. The Chef
  and an assistant, Ming presumed. They rolled in trays containing the equipment
  they would need. One of them (the Chef, Lyle informed her) picked up a scalpel,
  inserted it into Celine's chest at the breastbone, just under her breasts,
  and made a smooth, deep slice all the way down to her shaved pubis. Her body
  vibrated as she reacted to the pain, but the straps were too tight for any
  serious motion. He returned the knife to the same starting point and did it
  again, slicing even deeper into the wound. The assistant pushed the two halves
  of the incision apart, ignoring the girl's agony and the flow of blood.  
Now the white of her intestines was exposed. The assistant reached in and
  began pulling them out, dumping them into a hamper that was part of the implement
  tray. He removed yards of viscera until only the two ends remained, one connected
  to the stomach, the other to the anus. Two quick slices with a scalpel severed
  those two connections and the last two sections of intestine slithered out
  of the girl's belly and down into the hamper. More organs were removed in fast
  succession by the Chef &mdash; liver, kidneys, pancreas, stomach, spleen, bladder,
  gall bladder, uterus &mdash; all the those organs that work tirelessly out
  of sight and mind to support life, no longer needed now with less than an hour
  of life left to support. As each piece of her was sliced free and disposed
  of, the assistant used a cauterizing gun to seal its former connection to her
  body and stop the bleeding. When every internal part had been removed except
  the lungs and heart, the hose was once again brought into play to clean out
  the emptied abdomen. Care was taken to avoid damaging those final two vital
  organs.  
Ming saw that a stream of tears was pouring from Celine's eyes. No doubt
  her suffering was horrendous. But Ming's sympathy was mitigated by the fact
  that live evisceration was apparently part of the "live spit roasting" she
  had stipulated in her Will. You get what you ask for, she supposed. A point
  she would remember.  
The assistant fiddled with something at the foot of the table and pushed
  outward on Celine's ankles. The bottom half of the table split open into a
  V with each of her legs strapped to its own extension. Her legs were spread
  open so wide that Ming wondered if they had broken her hips in the process.
  Didn't matter, she supposed. What's a little more pain after you've been gutted
  live.  
The Chef scooped a yellow substance out of a bowl with two fingers (butter,
  Ming guessed), inserted the fingers into the girl's widely exposed sex and
  rubbed it all over the vaginal walls and labia. As he lubricated this entrance
  to her body, the assistant removed from a wall bracket a long, steel spit about
  two inches in diameter, and brought between the legs of the waiting girl. The
  Chef buttered its pointed end with a brush and carefully inserted it into the
  vagina, glistening with its own lubricant, as the assistant steadied the shaft
  in a horizontal position. Once the lips of her sex had swallowed the tip of
  the spit, the assistant began to push and twist it at the same time, screwing
  it into her body while the Chef added more butter to each inch of the metal
  just before it slid out of sight between her genital lips.  
Ming saw the point of the spit reappear inside the hollowed out abdomen,
  a gleaming metal spike where the young girl's virginal womb had resided only
  minutes before. The Chef shifted his buttering efforts to the point of the
  shaft as it advanced through the empty space. When it began to enter the thorax,
  the Chef bent down, his head almost inside the empty abdomen, and slid a hand
  up the shaft and into the rib cage.  
"What's he doing?" Ming asked her physician-lover.  
"He's guiding the spit past her heart and between her lungs. Doesn't want
  her to die prematurely and miss half the fun."  
"Fun? Wouldn't it be more fun if they gave her something to kill the pain?
  She's obviously in a lot of it."  
"Nope. Narcotics are strictly forbidden. Taints the taste of the meat. But
  don't worry about Celine. She's a pain slut. She's loving this! She knew exactly
  what's involved in live spitting. Watched the whole process three times that
  I know of. And she knows the worst is yet to come."  
It was already becoming much worse for her. Her eyes were afire with pain
  as the spit worked its way toward her neck.  
 The Chef, apparently satisfied that the shaft was well aimed, transferred
  his attention to her head. With the touch of a latch, the portion of the table
  to which her forehead was strapped swung down, forcing her head back as far
  as it would go without breaking her neck. The Chef removed her gag, but the
  extreme angle forced her mouth to remain open. The instant the gag came out,
  a wail of agony penetrated the thick walls of the kitchen and the double glass
  of the viewing window, a chilling testament to the girl's agony. The scream
  ended abruptly, however, as the shaft pierced her windpipe and cut off her
  breathing. Her body bucked futilely in its tight restraints as she went into
  respiratory distress. But the Chef calmly sliced into her lower throat to open
  up a hole in her trachea below the entrance of the spit to let air into her
  grateful lungs. She quieted somewhat, but trembled and wept as the point of
  the shaft tore a gash along the roof of her mouth. The Chef inserted two fingers
  into her mouth &mdash; the same two that had lubricated her vagina &mdash; and
  pried the point of the spit down from her upper teeth, so it wouldn't break
  them as it twisted past. A moment later it emerged from her mouth. The assistant
  at the other end continued to twist and push it forward until about a foot
  of shaft extended beyond her mouth. The Chef wiped the blood off it with a
  paper towel, along with the bloody saliva now dribbling from the corners of
  her mouth. He packed another paper towel between her lips and the spit to absorb
  the flow.  
A large container filled with a substance that looked for all the world like
  stuffing was brought to the table. Sure enough, the Chef and his assistant
  began pushing handfuls of it into the girl's gaping abdominal cavity. When
  it was all in, they forced the edges of the skin back together and sewed them
  up. Her belly was flat again and, except for the stitching, looked perfectly
  normal.  
The freshly stuffed girl was unstrapped and washed off on all sides. By now
  she was incapable of offering any meaningful resistance to anything they might
  do. A short cross bar was affixed to the spit at her knees and her legs were
  wired together and to the bar. This would keep her turning with the spit when
  she was over the fire. Her ankles were also wired to the shaft. She was flipped
  over on her stomach and her wrists were wired together, then secured to her
  body with a strand of wire around her waist. Her hair was coiffed into a bun
  and a metallic shield placed over it, like a bonnet. Apparently she had stipulated
  that her hair not be burned off as she cooked. There was attempt to save her
  eyebrows and eyelashes, however, because, as Lyle explained, any shielding
  would leave clownish white stripes. But it didn't matter, he said, because
  shortly before or after she died, her eyes would split open and shrivel from
  the heat, letting her lids close. When she had finished cooking, her face would
  be so browned that the absence of brows and lashes would not be noticeable.  
Two assistants, one at each end of the spit, picked it up and placed it on
  a set of brackets nearby. The Chef and his assistants began brushing a viscous
  yellow sauce flecked with green specks all over her body, turning her slowly.
  Some kind of spiced butter, Ming surmised. When her entire body was shimmering
  with it, from her face to her toes, the same two assistants picked up the spit
  again and carried it toward a door at the far side of the kitchen.  
"Come on," Lyle said, unwrapping his arms from around Ming and taking her
  by the hand. "They're finished here. They're going to mount her in the roasting
  pit now."  
The group of window observers moved with them down a corridor that led to
  the outdoor courtyard containing the bar-b-que pots and the open roasting pit.
  Another group had already gathered there, drinks in hand, waiting for the arrival
  of the cooking staff with their star menu attraction. The conversation was
  spirited and jocular, the glasses already drained of more than half their contents.
  The women were giddy with relief at yet another reprieve from their own date
  with the kitchen staff. The men were eager to ogle the latest girl-ke-bob.
  Several had already seasoned her with their sperm at earlier banquets. Now
  they could watch her suck on the steel dildo as she turned over the fire.  
Jade and Taylor were among those waiting, Jade chattering away with Celine's
  sister, Cherry. Any vestige of grief in Cherry's demeanor was gone. She was
  all smiles now. Smiles and giggly expectation. She had changed from her soggy
  dress to a sexy two-piece number with a large diamond-shaped cutout in the
  top that extended from the choke collar to the bottom trim, which in turn was
  a good three inches above her gold navel ring. A minimal, low-riding, matching
  skirt and spike heels with knee-high, cris-crossed lacings completed the fuck-me
  ensemble.  
The entrance of the kitchen assistants carrying Celine impaled on the spit
  was a cause for a chorus of oo's and ah's, with Cherry's delighted squeal carrying
  over it all. At about that moment, Jade spotted Ming and Lyle and, grabbing
  Cherry by the elbow, came over to join her.  
"Look at Celine! Isn't she awesome?" Cherry gushed with a 15-year-old's enthusiasm. "Wow!
  That's what I want when it's my turn! That's so-o-o cool!"  
"Were you there when they prepped her in the kitchen?" Ming asked, knowing
  that she had not been, but wondering how she would explain her absence.  
"Oh no. That's gross. But I can imagine what it feels like. Getting pumped
  full of hot, soapy water until you think you'll bust open! Feeling the knives
  slicing you open and cutting out all your guts and stuff! And then having the
  spit rammed into your cunt and all the way up through you and out your mouth!
  God! What a rush! That's what I want!"  
"You're not concerned about the pain?"  
"I can take pain. I can take a lotta pain. I like pain. It makes me cum."  
"And you want to be alive when they place you over the fire?"  
"Yes, yes! That's the best part! Feeling yourself starting to cook! Knowing
  it's too late. You're just meat roasting, and everyone's watching because soon
  they're gonna be eating you. Omygod! It's so incredibly awesome! Don't you
  cream your panties just thinking about it?"  
Perversely, it was having just that effect on Ming.  
"Okay," she acknowledged, "but won't you miss your sister?"  
"Well, yeah. But we talked about this a lot and she really got off on it.
  We decided this was what we both wanted. So I'm happy for her. I've signed
  up for it, too. It's so amazingly awesome!"  
"And what about your older sister, Candy? Is this what she wants, too?"  
"Oh she's such a fucking prima donna. Can't bear the thought of her precious
  skin turning all brown and crisp as a corn chip. She wants to be boiled."  
"Boiled? Like in a pot?"  
"Yeah. Well, sorta."  
"Hey, what's wrong with boiled?" Jade chimed in. "That's what I'm doing.
  You last a lot longer and you're really tender and juicy when you're done.
  The meat practically falls off the bones."  
Cherry sniffed and tossed her head. "Yeah, well I happen to prefer roast  girl.
  We have more flavor that way. And I like the crunchy texture and taste of the
  skin with all those seasonings they baste you with. But most of all, watching
  a girl roasting on a spit is much, much sexier than watching her boil in a
  tank." She nodded her head toward the fire pit where the kitchen personnel
  were positioning her sister over the preheated coals and engaging the motor
  that would keep the spit slowly turning. "You gotta admit, there's nothing
  like watching a girl roast to stir up your sex juices!"  
As if to illustrate the point, she put her hand in her crotch and began to
  grimace with self-induced pleasure. Ming's first instinct was embarrassment
  at public masturbation, but then realized that at least two other women among
  the spectators were doing the same thing.  
The spit began to turn. Celine's face rotated up to where she was looking
  directly into Ming's eyes. The spit had distended her mouth so that she could
  move only the middle portion of her lips, which did, indeed, make it look as
  though she was trying to suck on the shaft. Ming searched her eyes for a sign
  of the torment she must be suffering, but instead was startled to see one eye
  close and open again. Celine had winked at her! She was actually enjoying this!
  The Chef turned up the gas jets under the bed of coals and the spitted girl's
  skin gradually began to turn pink, then red as she turned over and over above
  the intense heat.  
Ming felt her genitals responding to what she was witnessing, felt moisture
  beginning to run down the inside of her thighs. Without wanting to be, she
  was on the verge of an unbidden, unreasonable and utterly unstoppable climax.
  As she watched the girl's eyes dance happily with accumulating agony at every
  rotation, her own body suddenly stiffened in Lyle's arms. He held her from
  behind, his hands massaging her breasts, his own turgid member rubbing against
  her buttocks, as wave after wave of orgasms shook her small frame.  
Celine's body had turned a golden brown and had been basted four times before
  her eyes dulled, clouded over and finally burst. In that length of time Ming
  had decided how she wanted to be cooked when her time came.  
  Chapter 8  
Looking back, Ming could only agree with Cherry's assesment. Not only did
  live spitting present by far the most dramatic and erotic banquet scenes at
  Millennium, but the meat of the female human was at its savory best when the
  carcass was roasted whole, turning slowly over a low fire. Variety is good,
  of course, and she had certainly enjoyed the two banquets she had attended
  since Celine's. There was no question those women were perfectly cooked, elegantly
  presented and very tasty. Still, she had to admit that neither had lived up
  to the excitement and appeal of Celine's roast.  
The next banquet menu after Celine's had featured Tai, the pretty, dark blonde
  wife of Seth. She had been a Permanent Guest for six years and had just turned
  twenty-six. Her luck had run out at her nineteenth banquet.  
In the first round of the lottery, all the women had been brought blindfolded
  into the Billiard Room, one by one, without knowing what to expect. They were
  told to choose either Table A   or Table B  ,
  sight unseen, reason unspecified. Just choose. After making their arbitrary
  choice, they were led to the billiard table, given a billiard ball and ordered
  to roll it toward the opposite rail with the object of having it come to rest
  as close as possible to that far rail. The five women whose balls stopped farthest
  from the rail would have to go to round two. Trouble was, they didn't know
  whether they were standing at one side (A) or at one end (B) of the table.
  Tia had guessed she was at the end and rolled it hard, but she was wrong. The
  ball bounced off the opposite rail, rebounded again off the near rail and stopped
  close to its starting point. (Ming had also guessed B and rolled it just hard
  enough to go the length of the table. In her case B was the right guess and
  her roll was just good enough to keep her out of round two.)  
The second round among the five finalists had been a game of strip poker.
  All five had all started with nineteen officially itemized articles of clothing,
  including jewelry and their lives. Tia was down to her wedding ring and panties
  in nine hands. She lost those and her life in the tenth.  
She was not big on pain. She opted to be slaughtered and butchered with the
  different cuts of her meat cooked according to her own and her husband's personal
  preferences. Her choice for death was by guillotine. Naked, gagged, her wrists
  bound behind her, converted to livestock by her husband's kiss, she was led
  to the kitchen where the guillotine awaited her in one corner. A cushion had
  been placed in front of it for her to kneel upon. A plastic pan had been set
  on the other side to catch her head and the initial gush of blood. She hesitated,
  shivering, then sank slowly on to the cushion. Ming, watching all this from
  the observation window, spotted a tear trickling down one cheek. A kitchen
  assistant gently pushed Tia's head down so that her neck rested in the indent
  of the block. The top bar was dropped into place over the back of her neck
  and latched down, holding her firmly in place. A second assistant stood to
  one side of her head, careful not to obstruct the view of the observers in
  the window. He nodded to the first assistant who pulled a small lever. The
  heavy angled blade of the guillotine slipped down its track and sliced through
  Tia's delicate neck. As her head fell toward the pan, the assistant there instantly
  snatched it up and turned it so that Tia, still alive for a few more seconds,
  could see her headless body fall over on its side and lay still.  
The execution of a beautiful young woman, especially if she's naked, bound
  and helpless, is always erotically charged, and Ming trembled with the full
  effect of it. She watched Tia's head thrown carelessly into the garbage bin
  where her entrails and meat-stripped skeleton were soon to follow. She watched
  the kitchen staff butcher the woman with whom, just an hour before, she had
  been engrossed in a lively conversation about husbands and sex. A woman no
  longer. Just a carcass now, quickly reduced to steaks, filets, loins and chops.
  The were breasts lopped off for special treatment. The lips of her sex were
  snipped off to be deep fried and served to Seth, her sponsor and widower. Tia
  had carefully specified how every part of her should be prepared, down to her
  favorite seasonings and sauces. She had designed and starred in a lovely dinner.  
But for Ming it lacked the sensual impact of Celine's live roast.  
The next banquet had been emotionally wrenching for Ming, but at the same
  time extraordinarily erotic. The first round was decided by roulette. There
  were fourteen players. Everyone picked red or black. Ming picked black. The
  wheel spun; the ball rolled the opposite way, slowed, dropped into a slot.
  Black. Now she was one of six players, including Katerina (again) and her friend
  Jade. A second spin: odd or even. Ming chose even. The wheel spun; the ball
  rolled, slowed, dropped into a slot. Even. Now there were three; Jade, a raven-haired
  girl named Cheyenne and herself. Her heart began to pound.  
"Now ladies," the Lottery Master was saying, "I will ask you to follow me
  to the Brandenburg Room for our final elimination round.  
Ming, Jade and Cheyenne, one of them a test away from the end of her life,
  were understandably wired. The crowd that followed behind them, however, was
  relaxed and ebullient. The men were wondering which of these babes would be
  on their plate tonight. The women were happy it would not be them. Especially
  Katerina who had the feeling her own date with the Millennium Chef was closing
  in.  
Ming's tenseness was not eased by what she saw when she entered the Brandenburg
  Room. The center of the high-ceilinged room was dominated by a platform. Above
  it a half dozen ropes ending in nooses hung from winches in a straight row.
  The three contestants were led up a flight of steps to the platform where Lenny,
  following behind them, positioned each of them beside a noose and ordered them
  to step out of their shoes. Jade was in the center with Ming on her right and
  Cheyenne on her left. Starting with Cheyenne, Lenny bound each woman's wrists
  behind her with plastic restraints, then dropped the noose over her head and
  snugged it around her neck. There was a humming sound as each winch pulled
  the noose upward until its occupant was standing on her toes. Then, beginning
  with Ming and traveling down the line in the opposite direction, Lenny placed
  an object firmly in each contestant's right palm and taped it in place. To
  Ming it felt for all the world like a very short dildo: round at one end and
  flat at the other. Something protruded from the flat end. A button? Lenny also
  reached under their dresses and pulled their panties down to their ankles and
  ordered them to kick them off the stage along with their shoes. They did.  
"Now, ladies," the Lottery Master intoned, "here's your challenge. In a moment
  the nooses around your pretty necks will ascend just far enough so that you
  can't touch the platform. Most women can last ten to twenty minutes in a slow
  hanging situation like this before they strangle. In your hand, however, is
  a remote switch. If you brush it with your thumb you'll feel the button. If
  any one of you presses her button, you will all be lowered to the platform
  so you can stand again and breathe. The catch is: whoever presses the button
  first will be our dinner this evening. So, if you'd prefer to be dining tonight,
  rather than dined upon, hold out as long as you can. If any of you pass out
  before someone presses a button, we'll try to revive you when it's over. If
  all three of you pass out before a button is pushed, the first to lose consciousness
  will be our dinner. In the event of a tie, the first one to lose bladder control
  and pee on the floor will be it. That's why your panties were removed. But
  be advised: we will only be cooking one of you today. Anyone else who passes
  out and cannot be revived will be butchered and sold for dog food. Literally.
  Good luck!"  
The moment he stopped talking, Ming felt the rope tightening around her neck
  and lifting her up. A few seconds later her feet were dancing in air and the
  noose was clenched tightly around her throat, choking off her air supply. She
  fought off panic, concentrating on finding ways to drag air into her lungs.
  It was fiendishly difficult! She heard herself making gurgling noises in a
  desperate effort to work her throat open enough for small gulps of air. But
  the grip of the noose tightened relentlessly, making it ever more difficult.
  She realized she was still kicking her feet, trying to find the floor, an involuntary
  reflex she had to stop because every movement of her body helped the rope slip
  a little more in its hangman's knot, making the noose smaller and tighter.
  She stiffened her body, forcing it to be still. She was twisting slowly, and
  eventually her companions came into view. Their faces were contorted with desperation,
  their mouths gaping open, tongues protruding, eyes bulging, bodies twitching
  as they struggled for air. Ming knew she looked exactly like them &mdash; mouth
  open, tongue out. She could also see the cluster of onlookers smiling up at
  them, sexually stimulated at the sight of the hanging women. But she didn't
  care about that. In her struggle to drag in another tiny bit of air her lucidity
  was rapidly yielding to despair. This isn't how she wanted to die! Not as a
  Chef's Special ( why hadn't she made out a damned will?  )
  and certainly not as dog food. She wanted the whole Millennium enchilada: the
  ceremonial farewell kiss, the public stripping and march to the kitchen at
  the end of a leash, right through to the traditional presentation of her crispy
  cunt lips to her new husband. If she could only hang on until one of the other
  two pushed the button, she could still plan her own party, go out in erotic
  style. But if she waited too long, her life, her death and her body would be
  wasted. Minutes went by. Drool ran from the corner of her mouth because she
  couldn't swallow. The hangman's knot jammed painfully against her right cheek
  and ear. Her lungs were burning, but taking even a tiny breath required a tremendous
  effort. More minutes dragged by. She wanted to drop the remote device in her
  hand, get rid of it before her thumb took action on its own and pressed the
  button; but she couldn't. It was taped in place. Tremors began to shake her
  body. The movement made the noose tighter. More time elapsed. An eternity of
  it. Her vision began to break up, filling with twinkling lights. At the same
  time she felt a familiar sensation growing in her genitals. It traveled up
  her belly, expanded to every extremity of her body, electrified her brain!
  As darkness closed in, a rattling sexual climax swept away her cares, her desperation.
  Her pelvis was thrusting, her legs working, she couldn't help it. The noose
  buried deeper into her neck. Her final thought was one of regret, not that
  she was dying, but that Lyle was not inside her to share this last tumultuous
  orgasm.  
A noise roared through her, a bleating, jolting her back to consciousness.
  She was gasping, gulping in air. Someone was holding her up by the waist, but
  she could feel something solid under her feet. The noose had been loosened
  and was being slipped over her head. With a snip her wrists were freed from
  the plastic cuffs. The tape holding the button device to her palm was ripped
  away. She opened her eyes and stood upright on shaky legs. The Lottery Master
  was supporting her with his left arm, tossing away the used wrist restraint
  with the right. He let his hand graze up over her breast as he released her.  
Reason began to flood back into her mind, like blood flowing into a numbed
  arm, reviving it. Jade, next to her, was standing with her wrists still fastened
  behind her and her head bowed; Lenny was removing the noose from around her
  neck. Beyond them Lyle was lowering Cheyenne down to the platform on her back.
  He knelt beside her, bent over her and pressed his lips against hers. Kissing
  her. Deeply! A surge of anger burned through Ming, shocking her into focus!
  But with that focus came understanding. He was giving the girl mouth-to-mouth
  resuscitation.  
Her mind clear now, Ming put the pieces together. It was Jade who had pushed
  the button. It apparently set off some sort of klaxon, accounting for the bleating
  noise. Cheyenne must have passed out from strangulation even before Ming. Now
  Lyle &mdash; the doctor in the house &mdash; was trying to revive her. Yet
  it seemed to Ming to be taking an inordinately long time . . . his lips on
  hers, his hands cradling her mouth, his breath mingling with hers! But eventually
  the girl stirred. Ming turned her anger on herself. Why was she doing this?
  Why was her mind filled with doubts and resentment instead of pride in her
  man? She walked over and knelt next to him, caressing him lovingly as he made
  sure his patient was recovering properly. When Cheyenne's eyes blinked open
  and she smiled up at the two of them, breathing on her own, they both helped
  her to her feet and down off the platform, careful to avoid the puddle of urine
  she had released when she lost consciousness.  
It was not until she was off the platform that Ming remembered with a pang
  of guilt that she hadn't spoken to Jade. She glanced back. Jade was still up
  there, along with Lenny and the Lottery Master. Lenny had shoved a gag in Jade's
  mouth and the smaller man was beginning his spiel.  
"Well, we have found our featured menu item for tonight! A lovely young lady
  of Taiwanese extraction who has been one of our most loyal, lively and effective
  PG's, having been instrumental in the matriculation of several of our newest
  guests. I'm confident that at this elegant nineteen year old will also prove
  to be an exceptionally tender and tasty oriental treat. She's sponsored by
  our old friend Taylor, and I'll ask him now to come up on the platform here
  for the formal conversion ceremony."  
The tall, elderly man who had rescued Jade from her days as a teenage call
  girl strode up the steps. Taking hold of her upper arms, he turned her so that
  they were both in profile to the audience below. He looked directly into her
  eyes and grinned.  
"Jade, hon, I'm sure gonna miss you. But don't you worry, I'll see to it
  that you go out just the way you wanted. And you can rest assured that I and
  all your friends here will enjoy every last morsel of you, right down to your
  pretty little toes." He kissed her forehead, turned and descended the steps.
  Ming suspected he would be dialing a high-class out-call service for a new
  mistress before Jade was fully digested.  
"Members and guests," the Lottery Master was saying, "Jade as a person and
  a valued Permanent Guest is no more. She is now livestock and the property
  of the Millennium Group. Jade did leave us a Will." He waived a paper overhead. "To
  sum it up, she requested that she be live-boiled as a centerpiece in the Banquet
  Hall. In accordance with her wishes, preparations will begin immediately in
  the kitchen. Immersion in the boiling tank should take place in the Hall around
  2:00 PM. As usual, anyone who is interested is invited to observe any and all
  stages of the preparation and cooking. The banquet will be served at 7:30 PM."  
While he spoke, Lenny had been cutting off Jade's favorite black cocktail
  dress with its intricate red trim and the matching Victoria's Secret undies.
  She looked pained as he tossed the ruined remains on Cheyenne's puddle of urine
  where they could be used to help mop it up. But her eyes sparkled as he buckled
  the dog collar around her neck and pulled on the leash, leading her down the
  platform steps and out the door in the direction of the kitchen.  
Moving along with the following crowd and holding fast to Lyle's arm, Ming
  considered the look she had just seen flash across Jade's face and reconsidered
  her earlier feelings of guilt. Jade was obviously having the time of her life!
  This was exactly what she had fantasized about during her long talks with Ming
  before and after the previous banquets. In fact, they had both created numerous
  fantasies in which they were the star attraction: naked, bound, gagged and
  led to their slaughter through a throng of amused party-goers.  
Thinking back on the hanging, Ming recalled the look of excitement on the
  faces in the crowd as she strangled in her noose, helpless and terrified. Nothing
  strange about that, she realized. Hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions of
  people over the centuries had gathered at public executions to watch in fascination
  as other people died. The hanging (or stoning or burning) of pretty young women
  had always been especially popular. Sex, violence and death. The universal
  elements of entertainment. Watching it was exciting; but to be the principal
  player &mdash; the victim star, the life about to be extinguished &mdash; had
  to be the ultimate of orgasmic experiences  
Ming felt better now. Jade was frightened but happy, committed to a death
  scene she herself had written, with no way out.  
Watching her friend through the kitchen observation window meekly accepting
  the debasing enemas while her audience made jokes and sipped cocktails, Ming
  reflected on her own high and low points during the last four months.  
The wedding, though quiet and intimate, had been a dream come true. The wedding
  night was an excess of debauchery that must have rivaled anything the courtesans
  of antiquity could have devised. All three orifices had been sore for the next
  two days, a fact which did not, however, discourage additional and frequent
  nuptial romps during the Bahama honeymoon. Indeed, it provided her horny new
  husband a continuing excuse to soothe her sore pussy and nipples with his soft
  wet tongue for hours, sometimes under a blanket right out there on the beach.
  Not that she required any reason beyond sheer lust to permit such service.
  For a whole month he seemed content to devote his body and soul entirely to
  her, just as he had promised. She had become so confident in his love that
  she decided to give him a treat. She asked him to take her to the Iron Feather
  Club for some bondage and whipping.  
"Treat me like the naughty slut I am," she had told him in a husky voice. "Punish
  me in front of everyone. Show them I'm your love slave and pain slut, and that
  you're my Lord and Master."  
He had been delighted to take her up on the offer. The flogging she received
  while her wrists were chained to an overhead beam was playful and only really
  painful the few times he flicked the cat at her slit and tits. But he didn't
  stop there. He invited other club members to molest her in any way they chose.
  While some only fondled and sucked her tits, others drove their fingers into
  her pussy or actually fucked her standing up, making her wrap her legs around
  them while hanging by her wrists. During it all, her husband watched, getting
  hard. But that was all right. She was pleasing him with her obedience. She
  was proving her love for him, that she would do anything for him. Their club
  visits became weekly. The whippings became more lengthy, harder, more painful.
  Other tortures were added: nipple clamps, labia clamps, tongue clamps. She
  became the Club fuck toy, loaned to friends and strangers alike. Still, she
  accepted these things, began to look forward to the humiliation, the enforced
  sex, even the whips, canes, alligator clips and electrical torture, because
  it always led to an aftermath of frantic sex with Lyle, and torrents of loving
  attention. Sweet rewards for her willingness to endure his erotic whims. And
  although he shared her body with countless others, he remained true to his
  own promise of exclusivity to her.  
Until a month ago.  
It happened so naturally, so easily. With her own blessing.  
An impossibly good looking young couple had approached them at the bar before
  the scenes and games had begun. The two were diametrical opposites. He was
  big, blond and blue-eyed. She was petite with dark brown eyes, darker hair
  streaked with highlights and eye-catching cleavage. He was clearly a workout
  freak with muscles barely contained by his shirt and pants. She was lithesome
  and curvy with pouty lips and perky nipples that begged attention from beneath
  the clingy fabric of her top. They introduced themselves: Keith and Rebecca.
  A warm couple, intelligent, funny, exuding sexuality. After the minimum ubiquitous
  small talk, Keith got directly to the issue.  
"Would you two like to join Rebecca and me in one of the Play Rooms to get
  better acquainted?"  
Ming's clit was already beginning to itch. She knew Lyle would never turn
  down such an invitation and was envisioning what it was going to be like being
  fucked by this gorgeous hunk of male. She could hardly wait to see him naked,
  hoped the bone would be worthy of the meat.  
"Sure thing," Lyle said.  
The Iron Feather Club had four Play Rooms. Three featured king-sized beds
  with old-fashioned iron head and foot boards. End tables on either side contained
  drawers with a convenient supply of ropes, chains, handcuffs, collars, candles,
  condoms and other useful implements for one or two couples, or perhaps a threesome.
  The fourth room was much larger &mdash; orgy size &mdash; and contained no
  bed at all, just a thickly padded wall-to-wall mat with three or four sofas
  and a half-dozen ottomans scattered around. All four rooms had voyeur windows
  for the amusement of passers by, which were discretely nestled among the myriad
  of mirrors coating the walls and ceilings. There was no such thing as privacy
  or modesty at the Iron Feather Club.  
The two couples chose one of the smaller rooms.  
"Tell you what," Keith said the instant the door closed behind them. "To
  make our getting acquainted less stuffy, how about we start by getting rid
  of these clothes."  
There was not the least disagreement among the others.  
"And how about we do it by each of us undressing the other person's mate?"  
His blue eyes bore into Ming as he made this additional suggestion. She felt
  her pulse picking up speed.  
"Sounds right to me," Lyle agreed, and squared off with Rebecca who smiled
  and began to unbutton his shirt.  
"Okay with you, princess?" Keith asked Ming, who was so eager to feel his
  hard hands unzipping her dress that she could only give him a goofy grin.  
Keith did everything in slow motion, letting his fingers brush her skin as
  the zipper descended, then again as he drew it slowly over her head, never
  breaking eye contact. He put both arms around her to undo her bra, pulling
  her into him to do so, letting his fingers caress her back as he worked the
  hooks apart. The scent of his body and steel of his chest muscles inflamed
  her. She knew her panties would betray her readiness for what was coming. He
  pushed her away slightly to slide the bra over her arms and drop it on the
  floor. But instead of reaching for her thong, the last scrap of material on
  her body and now damp at the crotch, he grinned back at her and said, "I'm
  feeling a little over dressed, here."  
Ming snapped out of her daze. She would have been happy to stand there all
  day and let him do unto her whatever he wished, but suddenly the idea of undressing
  this living Ken doll made her even hotter. She reached for the sides of his
  polo shirt and began lifting it. He was much taller than she, so he helped
  by shrugging out of it. He was now bare to the waist and Ming was practically
  shivering with need. She hoped he would throw her on the bed and ravish her
  right then and there! As she fumbled with his belt, he stopped her.  
"You'll have to remove my shoes first."  
She settled to her knees before him and bent down to untie his running shoes.
  The subservient position felt eminently right. In that moment she faced the
  reality of who she was and what she wanted. What she craved! Her body was demanding
  to be seized, dominated, abused, raped, hurt, destroyed! Eaten!  
Disemboweled, cooked and eaten.  
She'd been fooling herself. It was not just Lyle she wanted. It was what
  Lyle had shown her. The thrill for her was in the submission. Submission to
  Lyle. Submission to this blond god before her. Submission to anyone willing
  to use her. Submission to debasement, pain and death. She craved the ultimate
  submission waiting for her at Millennium: that final terrifying act that would
  satisfy the yearning! End the craving! End everything. And the most wonderfully
  erotic aspect of it was that there was nothing she could do now to escape it
  or prevent it! She had already submitted.  
Still on her knees, she straightened up, drew down the zipper of his fly
  and lowered his pants to his ankles. He stepped out of his shoes and pants;
  kicked them aside. The bulge against his briefs was almost frightening. With
  trembling fingers she reached inside to fish out the cause of the bulge, then
  lowered the briefs past it. The enormity of his organ, fully engorged, made
  her momentarily breathless.  
"Take it in your mouth."  
He need hardly have given the order. She licked longingly at the purple glans,
  then took the shaft, inch by inch, into her mouth until she gagged. She let
  her throat get used to the incursion, then impaled herself further on its magnificent
  length, until it would go no deeper. She mewed, rocking back and forth, letting
  it slide on her tongue and lips, drenching it with saliva.  
"Ready for it now?" Lyle's voice in her ear. "Ready to take it between your
  legs?"  
She nodded, not releasing it, sucking gently.  
"But this time we have to be fair. This time we both share. You with Keith,
  me with Rebecca. Are you ready?"  
Another nod. Sucking harder. Breathing more ragged. She needed to cum!  
"Do you agree? You with Keith, right now? Me with Rebecca?"  
She nodded vigorously, making little animal noises around the huge shaft.  
Keith pulled out and rubbed the tip of it on her pursed lips. He picked her
  up, laid her on the bed and straddled her body on his hands and knees, letting
  his organ, slippery now with her saliva and his own pre-cum, slide up and down
  her slit. Starting to enter, but not quite. Teasing.  
"Do you agree, Ming? You fuck Keith. I fuck Rebecca and you fuck Keith right
  now!"  
"Yes! Yes!" she cried, her brain sizzling! "Everyone fuck everyone! Now!
  Please! Yes!"  
Keith pulled her legs up to his sides, opening her squim wide, and entered
  it with a single thrust. They pounded against each other, Ming screaming with
  pleasure, digging her fingers into his sides and the rock pillars of his arms,
  flailing her feet in little circles as the mass of his pelvis rammed against
  her crotch, forcing her legs wide, until they both exploded in climax! She
  felt surges of hot semen spurting against her cervix, bathing the entrance
  to her womb. She rode a dazzling series of aftershocks on his continuing and
  gentling thrusts until they had both melted into a joyful pool of contentment.  
That's when she opened her eyes and became aware of Lyle and Rebecca on the
  other side of the bed. Rebecca was making soft grunting noises, her hands clutching
  the bars of the headboard, her legs splayed up and out. Lyle was between her
  thighs, thrusting energetically, kneading her breasts with both hands. Lyle's
  promise of exclusivity had proved as solid as a bag of sugar in the rain.  
But wait. She had agreed to it. Or had she been tricked? Had he set her up?
  Taken unfair advantage of her obvious lust?  
No. She had definitely agreed to it. Over and over. Specifically: Keith to
  take care of her itch; Rebecca for his. Her need to be ravished had been stronger
  than her need to hold Lyle to his promise. So how could she blame him? It was
  meant to happen. It had opened her eyes. She now understood who she really
  was and what she really wanted.  
She wanted to be where Jade was. She wanted to be on the other side of the
  observation window. She watched in growing envy as Jade climbed up on the table
  and assumed the position to be strapped down. Her expression, as they cinched
  her in place, was a wonderful complex of calm and fear.  
The Chef did not torment her by showing her the scalpel. He simply plunged
  it into her belly and sliced her open from pubis to breastbone. She squeezed
  her eyes shut and bit hard on the gag as they spread open the long gash and
  began pulling out her organs, severing them from her body and cauterizing the
  wounds. When her abdomen was empty, instead of filling it with stuffing as
  they had with Celine, they inserted a large balloon-like object.  
"What's that?" Ming asked Lyle.  
"It will keep the scalding water away from direct contact with her heart
  and lungs. Enables her to live several minutes longer," he answered. "After
  she dies, they'll pull her out of the tank and remove it, along with her heart
  and lungs. The heart and liver are edible, so when they put her back in the
  tank, they'll throw those in, too. Then they'll bring the water to a full boil
  for the balance of her cooking time."  
The kitchen staff unstrapped Jade and sat her up on the table. Her arms were
  drawn behind her back and her wrists bound with cord. Her legs were folded
  up with the ankles bound to her thighs. A band of fishnet was wrapped around
  her mid-section and cinched as tight as a girdle ("to hold her abdomen together," Lyle
  explained). Her legs were spread wide and a bar was attached between her knees
  to hold them apart, providing an obscene view of her sex. Her pussy was already
  shaved but the Chef ran a dry razor over the area anyway to eliminate any stubble.
  The lips would be sliced off at the banquet and deep fried for formal presentation
  to Taylor. The Chef finished by inserting a finger into her gaping vulva and
  massaged the swollen clit. He looked pleased at the strong orgasm it triggered.
  Despite having been gutted, she was still sexually responsive.  
Ming's envy intensified.  
Jade was placed on a stainless steel cart and rolled out to the Banquet Hall.
  A rectangular tank with glass sides had been placed in the center of the hall.
  It was a three foot cube sitting on a three inch high heating element. An iron
  lid, split into two halves through a neck-sized hole in the center, had been
  placed on a nearby table. Jade was lifted from the cart by two members of the
  kitchen staff and lowered into the tank in a kneeling position. The two halves
  of the lid were closed around her neck and locked together on the top of the
  tank. A soft gasket around the rim of the hole served to prevent damage to
  her neck. Cotter pins through steel rods at each corner of the tank held the
  lid securely in place. A hose was connected to a filler tube and water began
  pouring into the tank.  
"The water is cool," Lyle told Ming. "It will take a while to heat up. The
  gradual rise in water temperature enables her body to adjust better. She may
  well last right up to the boiling point."  
Ming wanted to go over to go over to her friend and kiss her goodbye, tell
  her how great she had looked in the kitchen and how sexy she looked now, bound
  up and trapped in her glass cauldron as the water rose around her. But Lyle
  warned her off.  
"Jade is already gone," he said. "She doesn't exist. What you see in the
  cooking tank is meat. The rules strictly forbid approaching the meat during
  prep and cooking." He insisted that she would "really, really regret it" if
  she broke the rules.  
So she did the next best thing. She kept the required distance from the tank
  but walked to where Jade could catch sight of her, then waved and blew her
  a kiss.  
Jade nodded and made a sound through her gag that was unintelligible.  
"Lyle tells me I'm not allowed to touch you," Ming called across the space
  between them. "Can't touch the meat, he says."  
Jade shook her head, no. Ming couldn't decide whether that meant, "No,
      you can't  ," or "No, that's wrong."  She
      tried again.  
"I wanted to kiss you goodbye, but I can't."  
Jade blinked both eyes at her. What did that  mean?
  Ming decided that this attempt to communicate was not workable. The gag and
  the "rules" were designed to isolate the livestock from their former lives,
  to underscore their new identity as meat animals. Ming decided let Jade return
  to her own thoughts, to living out this last extreme experience of her fantasy.
  Still, she couldn't leave without offering some kind of reassurance, some word
  of endearment.  
"I just wanted to say, sweetie, that this was a great choice. It's making
  me so horny I can hardly stand it! I'll stay here with you till you're . .
  . till you've gone, but then I'm going to drag Lyle off and pounce on his bones!" She
  chuckled, but immediately regretted the flippancy. "No, really, you look fabulous
  in there. And I'm really looking forward to the banquet tonight. Want to find
  out if you taste as good as you've always said you would. But I know   you
  will. And just think: after tonight you'll be part of me forever." She blew
  another kiss and hurried back to Lyle, mentally rehashing the shortcomings
  of her little speech, thinking of all the things she should  have
  said.  
Gradually the incoming water reached the underside of the lid so that Jade's
  entire body, up to mid-neck, was immersed. For twenty minutes she hardly moved,
  only shifting a little to relieve her knees. As the temperature gauge passed
  the 120&ordm; mark, she began squirming with increasing discomfort. At 150&ordm; her
  skin had turned red and she started to thrash, trying to break her bonds, trying
  to push the lid up with her shoulders, trying to get out of her watery hell!
  As the temperature climbed still closer to boiling, she went into mad convulsions,
  her face contorting in agony, her head snapping back and forth, her breasts
  bobbing up and down wildly as she danced on her knees in the tank, hands opening
  and closing as if trying to grasp a fiery rope. Tiny bubbles had begun to rise
  in the water.  
Ming's body was shaking, too. Lyle's hand had found its way under her skirt
  to her mound of Venus and the sweet valley below it, his fingers entering her
  secret place. She leaned back against him and let her pelvis buck against his
  hand, making small deposits of secretions. When Jade finally slumped and became
  still in the boiling water, Ming reached behind her and tore open Lyle's zipper,
  grasped the hardened flesh inside and caught his ejaculation in her own hand.
  Heedless of the snickers around them, they turned to face each other, linked
  their rights arms at the elbow and licked each other's palm clean.  
That night &mdash; her belly filled with Jade's succulent, tender meat and
  her love sleeve overflowing with the warm, creamy proof of her husband's affection &mdash; she
  began to talk to him about her own will. Having observed three girls prepared,
  cooked and served in three very different ways, she now knew exactly how she
  wanted to be done.  
When her time came.  
  Chapter 9  
The fourth time around was no easier than the first. Maybe worse. "When you
  think about it," as she told Lyle on the long trip in, "each lottery you survive
  means you're that much closer to the one you don't survive."  
"And yet you say the prospect . . . or rather, the knowledge   that
  you will be turned into meat at some point is irresistibly exciting."  
"Yeah, well . . . it is."  
What else could she say? Was she brave or just a fucked up? Did the extreme
  high she reached at the beginning of another lottery mean she was high spirited
  or loony? Did it really matter? She had never thought of herself as a gambler;
  but then, this was a convoluted kind of gambling where winning was a relief
  but the prospect of losing was a giddy, erotic blast-off. Nor did she think
  of herself as kinky. Not her real self. She would never have gotten into any
  of this &mdash; the bondage and sado-masochism, the feasting on human flesh &mdash; if
  she hadn't been trying to please her lover, if she weren't in constant fear
  of losing him to one of the many female temptations in his life. Even marriage
  had not substantially reduced that fear. Yet, the truth of it was that everything
  about this bizarre and precarious life did turn her on. The humiliation, the
  pain, the sex with strangers, the lotteries, the banquets and the knowledge
  that sometime in the future, maybe even today, she would be dragged to the
  kitchen, cooked and eaten. Especially that! It was monstrous. It made her sick
  with fear. But it also made her wet with anticipation.  
"That was fun, last night," Lyle was saying. "And you came five times while
  we were doing it. Don't try to deny it."  
"Only three, you asshole," she said, punching his arm. But he was right.
  Five glorious orgasms! Maybe six. She snuggled up to him as she relived it
  in her mind.  
They had been lying naked on the bed working on the Will she would submit
  to Millennium today. He kept trying to put it aside so they could take care
  of a certain tumescent body part.  
"Relax," he had said. "There's plenty of time to tweak your Will later, probably
  years."  
Probably   years. Was that supposed to be a comfort,
  that the odds favored later rather than sooner? Did she want comfort, or did
  she prefer the thrill of uncertainty. In any event, she didn't want to go into
  a fourth lottery as a potential Chef's Surprise. The Millennium Chef's surprises
  were boring. She was a pro herself and wanted to be a truly memorable entr&eacute;e
  when her time came.  
She had cleverly managed to parry Lyle's growing efforts to plant his body
  part in her garden by diverting his attention to the different ways girl meat
  should be prepared, but he had employed some cunning of his own.  
"So where are the best cuts?" he had asked. She was about to answer when
  he held up a hand. "Wait! I've got an idea."  
He was out of the bed and the bedroom before she could protest. He returned
  with a black marker &mdash; the water erasable kind used on white boards. He
  plopped himself back down on the bed beside her, propped himself up on his
  left elbow and grinned down at her.  
"Since you're the expert in the kitchen and I'm the ignorant layman, how
  about a graphic illustration of where the meat cuts are in a tender young woman
  such as yourself, using your own lovely and well-proportioned body as the model?
  You show me the cuts, and I'll mark them off."  
"Oka-a-a-y," she drawled, sizing up the game and where it might lead. She
  placed her hands demurely over her bosom.  
"These are the breasts," she said with the air of a culinary arts professor. "They
  are by far the most popular cut of girl meat, partly because of their unique
  flavor and texture, but mostly because they are, after all, when all is said
  and done, tits. They are exceptionally sweet, as meat goes &mdash; even sweeter
  when they're filled with milk, if one happens to cook up a nursing mother.
  Or so I'm told, although I've not yet had the opportunity to try it. But the
  texture is very thin, similar to pork fat, so it's important to slice the breast
  vertically and include part of the underlying brisket. Combining the denser
  and lighter meats makes a succulent mouthful."  
She began flicking her nipples with her thumbs, making the nubs spring erect.  
"These dark pink protuberances are the nipples and are considered a delicacy,
  but they have to be prepared properly. Otherwise, they have little flavor and
  are quite rubbery. They are tougher than the surrounding skin so that babies
  and grown men can suck on them. And they're loaded with nerve endings that
  connect directly to the brain's pleasure center so that the female, in life,
  enjoys great stimulation when they're suckled. On a whole-body roast they crisp
  up nicely; otherwise, it's best to deep fry them separately in girl fat. Either
  way they make nice crunchy treats. But again, I'm going by what others have
  told me because I've never had a chance to taste them myself. The men snatch
  them up too fast. Got all that?"  
"Breasts and nipples," he echoed, quick study that he was. He drew circles
  around the firm rise of her mammary glands and wrote BREAST  within
  each circle. Then he drew smaller circles around the teats with the word NIPPLE  and
  a little arrow next to them.  
"By the way," Ming purred as he worked, "the best tasting breasts are the
  small firm ones, like these, not the big floppy melons."  
"Like Candy's, you mean?"  
"And Katerina's, and a lot of others I've see you ogling. They may get a
  rise out of your naughty bit when a girl flaunts them in your face, but when
  cooked they melt down to a greasy pile of sludge."  
"Noted," he said, giving each of her breasts a gentle squeeze. "Actually,
  I agree. Huge double-D titties are rather eye-catching, but these babies are
  perfect handfuls, ideally sized to your exotic Chinese form. They're delightful
  for suckling 'in life,' as you so temptingly put it, and ideal for their eventual
  gourmet destiny in my tummy." To cap his point, he licked and kissed the erect
  nubs of her nipples, being careful not to smear the circle enclosing it.  
"You're a good student," she said, giving his jewel sack a friendly squeeze. "Now
  stop distracting the teacher and pay attention." She tapped her upper left
  arm with her right hand. "This is the upper foreshank, the whole upper arm

  between the elbow and the shoulder. The meat can be a little tough if the girl
  has worked out a lot and built up the muscles, but the flavor is rich. The
  lower foreshank is below the elbow and there's some tasty meat there, but also
  a lot of tendons and gristle. It's best for stews and sausage."  
"Upper foreshank," he said, and drew an oval encompassing the soft biceps
  of her upper left arm. "Lower foreshank." He drew a smaller oval between her
  elbow and wrist. He kissed the center of each and wrote in the labels.  
"Now this," she used a finger to trace an invisible path around her entire
  rib cage, "is where you get the ribs. Girl ribs don't usually have much meat,
  but what's there is well marbled and juicy."  
Lyle drew a line around the area and dutifully labeled it RIBS  .  
"Aside from the breasts, the tenderest girl parts are the loins." She rubbed
  her hands around her waist from the small of her back to her sides. "Especially
  the tenderloin here." She patted her sides. "Again, you should avoid the athletic
  types with hard bellies. The best tenderloins and sirloins are from soft, lover
  type girls." She leaned over, licked his chin and brushed her lips back and
  forth over his, immersing herself in the incredible blue of his eyes.  
Their lips still touching, he said, "How about cute Asian girls whose husbands
  adore them and pamper them with honeymoons in the Bahamas, palatial homes and
  exciting banquets at exclusive and luxurious country mansions? Are their loins
  tender?"  
 "Theirs especially."  
He spent a few minutes delving deeper into her mouth, then rolled her over
  on her belly and drew a broad oval stretching from one side to the other. He
  wrote SIRLOIN  across her back, and TENDERLOIN  on
  both sides.  
After letting him wet her sirloins and tenderloins with kisses for a while,
  she rolled over again to be face up.  
"Now this part," she patted her belly, "is called the flank. Lots of flavor,
  but best if the girl has spent her life stretched out on a couch watching TV."  
"Or getting screwed?"  
"That too."  
Lyle drew a rounded square around her belly, kissed the area thoroughly and
  labeled it FLANK.   
"Not to doubt your expertise," he said, "but isn't the flank sort of on the
  outside, like the outside of your thighs?"  
"Only to arrogant ignoramuses who mistake military malapropisms for proper
  culinary terminology," she replied, and bit his nose.  
"I feel your point," he said, and nibbled her upper lip.  
"Anyway. We now arrive at a most delectable part of the female anatomy. This
  part here." She rolled over and patted her bottom. "It's called the rump. Again,
  one should choose a girl who has led a pampered, sedentary life to be assured
  of maximum tenderness; but the flavor from this cut is outstanding in any event."  
She sighed in contentment as Lyle drew a large circle around her buttocks,
  kissed them lavishly and wrote RUMP  on each cheek.  
"Now we come to the hams," she said. "See the backs of what you lay people
  call the thighs?"  
"Yes."  
"Well, those are the hams. The taste is terrific, and there's plenty of it.
  More so on some, of course."  
"Gee," he said. "You seem to be deficient in that regard."  
She reached behind and swatted him.  
"What I meant," he said, kissing the back of her thighs, "is that your legs
  are too elegantly shaped to provide as much ham as some others. Like Candy,
  for example."  
"And Katerina?"  
"Certainly Katerina. She has much hammier legs."  
"A true connoisseur," Ming pronounced.  
As Lyle wrote Ham  on the back of her thighs, she continued.  
"Finally, there is the hindshank, or calf as you amateurs refer to it. Extremely
  tasty and excellent for stews and such, but a little tough if eaten straight
  off the leg."  
She allowed him time to mark it off and label it on each calf. Then rolled
  over face up and said, "And that, my dear student, is how one carves a girl
  up into her component edible parts."  
"But what about the leftover parts? These pretty feet and hands, and that
  lovely neck?"  
"Oh, there's some meat there, too. It's considered scrap meat and the best
  way to utilize it is to grind it up with the edible organs, like the liver,
  heart, womb, kidneys . . ."  
"And tongue?" He touched hers with his index finger. She licked the intruding
  digit, kissed it and pretended to bite at it. He withdrew it quickly.  
"And tongue," she amended. "You can blend it all together and make nice sausage
  meat out of it. Nothing has to go to waste, even the bones. What can't be eaten
  by man or dog can be ground up for fertilizer."  
All this talk of being eaten and the sight of her body all marked up for
  butchering had brought Ming's hormones to a boil. At that critical moment,
  Lyle had spread her legs and drawn a circle around her freshly shaved sex.  
"And what about this part? Anything useful here?"  
"As I recall, you found a good use for it last night."  
"Foodwise, I mean."  
"You did a pretty good job of eating it out, too."  
"You know what I mean, you slatternly wench."  
"Well, there are certain afficionados who think the lips of a girl's cunt,
  when properly seasoned and fried, are a delicacy."  
Lyle scuttled down to where he could address that area closeup, opened her
  labia with his fingers and nibbled lightly, first on one side, then the other,
  then on the little button hidden in the cleft above them. He felt a series
  of tremors rack her body, heard the slightest of moans and, at the same time,
  his mouth became slick with her telltale secretions. He capped the marker and
  slipped it deep inside her birth canal, now dripping wet.  
"And how about here?" He wiggled the marker about and flicked her clit with
  his tongue. Her spasms became more pronounced, the moans louder.  
"Yes!" she hissed. "Yes! Yes!" She was clutching and pulling at his thick
  black hair.  
"Yes what?" His voice impish.  
Her spasms became rude thrusts, her answer a series of impassioned cries,
  devoid of sense but full of meaning. "Ah! Ah! Ah!" By the time he pulled out
  the teasing marker, she was panting and urgently needful of the real thing.
  When he crawled obligingly upward over her body, she grabbed at his manhood
  and pulled it into her. She dug her fingers into his back and pulled him down
  on her, heedless of the damage his body was doing to their carefully constructed
  chart. When he withdrew and flipped her over to assault her from the rear,
  the last of the chart of her future reduction to meat was erased against the
  bed sheet and his own belly.  
 Four orgasms? Five? Twenty? Who counted? The delicious memory of the lesson
  kept her mind occupied and her gonads humming for the duration of the long
  trip to the estate, including the final quarter hour behind the blindfold as
  she nestled against Lyle's strong right arm.  
"You called me an asshole," he complained many miles belatedly.  
"Mmm. You're a gorgeous asshole. And if you stop this car, I'll rim it for
  you."  
She heard him chuckle.  
"I'll take a rain check on that. As soon as we get to Millennium, you're
  on."  
"Like a dog on liverwurst!" she murmured.  
Some time between that loving exchange and when they cleared the front gate
  and Lenny had whisked away the Mercedes, Ming's thoughts had shifted to the
  secret gallery in the basement of the East Wing. It was now only mid-morning,
  leaving plenty of time before the lottery for the Members and guests to amuse
  themselves with various pursuits. For some that meant a quick (and possibly
  last) fuck. For Ming, still satiated from last night, it meant a need to revisit "The
  Hall of Feasts." Taylor and Jade had introduced it to her on her second visit
  to the estate. Now, for some perverse reason, she felt compelled to see it
  again.  
Lyle's thumb print opened the lock.  
The lighting came on automatically as they entered the gallery. Ming remembered
  her first reaction on entering this room, the eerie mixture or awe and foreboding
  as she walked slowly around the perimeter gazing on the faces of young women
  who had preceded her as Millennium guests and whose tenure had ended in the
  ovens, or in the roasting pit, or the cauldron. The gallery walls were subdivided
  into a large number of sectors, at least fifty, each one arrayed with a collection
  of photos featuring a woman who had provided the main course for a past banquet.
  The pictures were partly candid moments captured by hidden cameras of happy
  times spent with friends around the estate &mdash; in the pool, on the volleyball
  or tennis courts, out on the golf course, at the stables and at the banquets.
  Mostly, however, the montage included a photographic record of her final day,
  including the lottery, slaughter, cooking and presentation in the Banquet Hall.
  Pointedly missing were the names of the women. Jade had explained that omission
  during her first visit.  
"Honey, when your number comes up and your man gives you that last kiss,
  you don't have a name any more. You're just a piece of meat, and that's all.
  Christ! Every time I think about it I want to rub my cunt until I explode!"  
As she toured the Gallery once again, Ming counted the women whose contribution
  to the banquets were recorded there. An invisible hand gripped her bowels as
  she approached the last three. There they were: Celine, Tai and Jade. Numbers
  53, 54 and 55. In Jade's pictorial, Ming recognized her own face in two photos.
  One was taken during her first visit. She was in the pool beside Jade, both
  of them nude, playing water volleyball. The other showed her hanging from the
  Brandenburg Room gallows with Jade and Cheyenne. She shuddered at the memory
  of it. At the same time, the sight of it was incredibly erotic. No wonder people
  used to flock to public hangings!  
Poor Jade. Lucky Jade. Entr&eacute;e number fifty-six at the Millennium Estate.
  How she would have enjoyed seeing her photo layout! How poignant she looked
  in the photo as the Chef began to slit open her belly! How sexy she was, tightly
  bound and on her knees in the glass cauldron as the water began to boil up
  around her!  
But it was not Jade's pictorial that electrified Ming the most and made her
  private places prickle with excitement. It was Celine's. Ming stared at the
  images of Celine being disemboweled and packed with spiced stuffing. Her memory
  of the event flooded back as she gazed once again at the gleaming spit jutting
  from the girl's cunt and mouth; at her carcass glistening with coats of buttery
  basting as it turned over the fire; and at the final presentation in the Banquet
  Hall where she lay stretched out, rump up, dark brown and steaming, with an
  apple in her mouth.  
Ming squeezed Lyle's hand, then pulled it to her sex so he could feel the
  heat of her excitement. She did some math in her head.  
"There are fifty-five girls pictured here who have been cooked for banquets.
  At three a year, that's over twenty years of dispatching and eating beautiful
  young women. And there have probably been a lot more killed than that if we
  include Lenny's enforcement activities. So, my darling husband, how have you
  guys been able to keep all this a secret for all these years?"  
"For one thing," he said, fingering the valley of her womanhood right through
  her dress, making her squirm with little thrills, "everyone here, except the
  newbies, is a seasoned cannibal. We eat the flesh of our own friends and lovers,
  a fact no one is eager to reveal about themselves to the outside world. That
  tends to keep mouths sealed. That and the fear factor. Meaning Lenny. Furthermore,
  if anyone does come snooping around, it's unlikely they'll find any evidence.
  All the scraps and leftovers, all the cast off clothing, everything &mdash;is
  all incinerated in a crematorium adjacent to the kitchen and Banquet Hall.
  We also prepare convincing documents for every one of our PG's that logically
  explains her sudden disappearance when she eventually wins a place in this
  gallery."  
"Oh? How about me? Where will everyone think I went?"  
"Not for you to know. Enough for you to know that I plan to screw your brains
  out after we've dined on the next girl to be honored here."  
"Actually, anyone searching the joint would certainly find this gallery and
  it's a treasure trove of evidence. Shows you killing, cooking and eating all
  your guests."  
"Not all of them."  
"Right. Only the female guests. But you gotta admit: this is all fairly graphic
  evidence. These aren't paintings; they're photographs. There's Tia having her
  head cut off. There's Celine impaled on a spit. There's Jade having her guts
  ripped . . . "  
He put his fingers on her lips. "Okay. Point taken. Look overhead, Ming.
  See those little sprinkler spigots? They aren't there in case of fire. They're
  there in case a fire is needed. If any law enforcement types ever show up with
  a search warrant, those spigots will spew a flammable liquid all over this
  room. A few seconds later an electrical spark will turn it into a furnace.
  All the cameras around the estate are digital these days and the server with
  the hard drives is in a cabinet in that corner. It'll melt in the holocaust."  
"Okay, but what if cops show up while one of us girls is on the spit, or
  being chowed down by her friends?"  
"There's a series of formidable barriers any law enforcement party has to
  get past between the perimeter of the property and the mansion. It leaves plenty
  of warning time to clear the kitchen, the roasting pit, the ovens, the cauldron
  and dining tables of all traces of human meat. It all goes straight into the
  crematory chamber. If necessary, the kitchen and Banquet Hall can also suffer
  a tragic fire. It's all been designed into the structure of the building."  
"How about any telltale teeth or bone fragments that survive the crematorium?"  
"This is not your ordinary crematorium furnace. The fire is much hotter,
  and once started, it can't be stopped without a special computer code. Or it
  runs out of fuel. In short, nothing comes out but fine powder."  
In actuality, Ming didn't care much about Millennium's whiz-bang security
  features. She didn't want to be saved by a SWAT team when her turn came. But
  there was  one tiny burr that caught in her craw. It was
  stupid, but she couldn't resist niggling at it.  
"Show me which of these girls were your previous guests, before me."  
Lyle's face darkened. "Why would you want to know that? Haven't I told you
  how deeply I love you? Haven't I promised to cherish you till death do us part?
  Why stir up jealousy over dead predecessors?"  
"Because they're part of you. You were as intimate with them as you have
  been with me. And you ate them as you will eat me someday. Maybe even today."  
"Don't talk like that. There are eleven other women in today's lottery. The
  odds are way in your favor. We'll have lots of time together."  
"I just want to know. I'm not competing with your earlier girls. They're
  gone. But can't you understand my curiosity? These are my sisters, in a sense.
  We've shared your affection and your penis. Eventually I'll be a part of your
  cells, as they are already. How many are there?"  
"Only two."  
"Let me see their faces."  
After a long moment, still dubious, Lyle said, "Nothing good will come of
  showing you who they were."  
"Oh yes it will," she said, too close to satisfaction to give up now. "Show
  me the first one and I will give you a blow job this afternoon that will uncurl
  your hair. Show me the second one and I'll call in Candy's little fifteen year
  old fuck-tart, Cherry, to help rev you up for that screwing you promised me
  tonight."  
His eyes lit up. "Okay, you're on. But if your little green-eyed monster
  shows up now or at any time in the future to throw this in my face, I'll call
  Lenny and have you hauled off for dog food. You hear?"  
"Got it. Dog food."  
"And FYI, Lenny's standard procedure for slaughter, after he rapes his victim,
  is to torture her, then string her up and skin her alive. He does her arms
  and legs first. Then he starts a three inch wide strip over her left breast
  and begins winding her skin on to a stick in a continuous strip, going around
  and around her body, all the way down to her cunt. After the skin is all peeled
  off, he starts carving off slabs of her meat. He avoids the main arteries and
  veins, so the girl can last ten or fifteen minutes before she bleeds to death."  
"Considerate. Lenny's such a charmer."  
"He is. And just so you can fully appreciate his dedication and the consequences
  of bad female behavior, let's first go over to the display showing him at work
  on a girl who made an unfortunate decision."  
"Which was?"  
"That she didn't want to be a Permanent Guest here."  
He took Ming's hand and led her across the gallery to a block containing
  six photos featuring a slightly younger Lenny and a pretty dark-haired young
  woman whom Ming guessed to be not much more than twenty and about five foot
  nine. She was suspended by her wrists with her ankles spread and tied to ring
  bolts in the floor. Even stretched out to a taut X it was obvious she had a
  lush figure with long shapely legs and the firm, upright breasts of youth.
  In the first photo Lenny was grinning into the camera and holding up a bowl
  filled with four huge pine cones. The girl looked both angry and terrified,
  an expression that changed to sheer pain in the second photo as Lenny forced
  a pine cone into her pussy. In the next one he was holding up four fingers
  of his left hand; the same four fingers of his right hand were deeply imbedded
  in the girl's sex. Her head was thrown back in a scream. Blood was flowing
  over his hand and streaming down her thighs. The bowl, now on the floor, was
  empty. Four pine cones jammed inside her most sensitive place? Ming shuddered.
  The third picture was worse. The girl's face was a mask of agony as Lenny stripped
  the skin off her left arm. He had made a shallow cut all the way around her
  wrist just below the rope and another around her shoulder. A long slash from
  wrist to armpit joined those two cuts and he had peeled the skin nearly down
  to her shoulder. In the fourth photo both arms and both legs had been skinned.
  He had moved on to her torso and was on his second trip around her body, rolling
  a strip of skin on to a baton, exposing a horizontal swath of raw meat from
  just below her throat to just under where her nipples had been. In the fifth
  photograph Lenny, covered in blood, stood beside a still living girl whose
  skin had been entirely removed, except for her hands, feet and head. It reminded
  Ming of the anatomy drawings in her biology textbooks: the musculature and
  mammary glands of the human female in vivid, gory color. Lenny looked pleased
  with himself. The girl was clearly beyond agony, waiting for the blessed release
  of death. In the sixth and final photo he had removed most of the meat from
  the girl's frame and her intestines had tumbled into a pile on the floor. Her
  meat was piled on a table, her skin draped over a rack. All that remained of
  the beautiful young woman was a picked-over skeleton.  
Ming was fully aware that Lyle had shown her this grisly montage to cow her
  into a docile acceptance of her situation. He was obviously afraid that seeing
  the actual faces of her predecessors would break the love spell he had cast
  over her, that she would see herself as merely his latest contribution to the
  livestock inventory at Millennium. But the pictures of Lenny's brutality had
  just the opposite effect. The prospect of being strung up like that and used
  so cruelly was intensely exciting to her. She knew she would not be able to
  bear such extreme pain, but the idea that it might be forced upon her released
  a powerful rush. She smiled up at Lyle, her face aglow with the adrenalin surge.  
"Wow! How many lucky girls has Lenny flayed and butchered alive over the
  years?"  
"Many." Lyle couldn't tell if she was serious or facetious.  
"And all that good meat goes for dog food?"  
"Well, no. A lot of it is eaten here between banquets, or frozen and shipped
  to our affiliates around the world. We don't waste the good stuff."  
"Meaning the younger girls."  
"Precisely. Now, do you still want to see your ghostly rivals?"  
"More than ever."  
He led her to a display about a dozen pictorials before Celine's. Ming's
  mouth fell open.  
"My God! She's Chinese! Or looks it. Is she Chinese?"  
"Yes. What's so amazing about that?"  
"I don't know. I guess it just hadn't occurred to me that I wasn't one of
  a kind for you, that you might have a thing for Asian women. She's lovely!"  
"Was. These photos are all that's left of her now."  
"What was her name?"  
"Liaohongmei."  
Ming cocked an eyebrow at him. "Spell it."  
He did. "She was from Zhenzhen, China. I called her Lia for obvious reasons."  
"How'd you find her?"  
"On the internet. An international dating site. She was eighteen. I remember
  her blurb, word for word. 'The beautiful, well educated and kind me is a girl
  who cherishes love, likes adventures and persistent in affections. Hope to
  find strong man who likes into same and takes new places of me.' How could
  I resist a sales pitch like that?"  
"Tell me about her."  
"She was about five-one, weighed a hundred pounds soaking wet, had cute little
  boobs and a radiant smile. Just like you see in that first picture."  
"She couldn't have provided much meat for this crowd."  
"No, but the kitchen supplements with meat from the freezer when they need
  to. And she did look great on the spit, as you can see. Had wonderful flavor,
  too. Very juicy. She had herself cooked &agrave; l'orange  ."  
"How old was she at that point?"  
"Twenty. She'd been a PG for two years."  
"She didn't object at all?"  
"Well, sure. At first. Most do. But she wanted to please me more than anything.
  And once she got into it, she enjoyed it here. Until she lost the lottery,
  of course."  
Ming was studying the picture of her roast. "There's no head."  
"No hands or feet, either. Just little cuffs with ruffles. European style."  
"Guillotine?"  
"No. She wanted to be treated like a livestock animal. So they hung her up
  by the feet, cut her throat and bled her out."  
"And the supplementary meat from the freezer: would that be one of Lenny's
  contributions?"  
"Probably. Or sometimes a PG fails to survive a preliminary lottery round,
  like when you were hanged."  
"They told us we'd be dog food!"  
"Which might well happen. But first you'd be butchered and put in the freezer.
  Any meat that stays in there too long they eventually sell for dog food. They're
  going to be amending their meat storage policy, though, because some Members
  and PG's object to the frozen stuff. They're converting a block of rooms as
  a dungeon to hold Lenny's retrievals and keep them alive until needed. That
  way they'll have a ready supply of fresh meat to supplement the featured presentation.
  There's even talk of going to double features when needed, one girl supplied
  by the lottery and the other from the dungeon, so that we'll always be assured
  of a live spitting."  
As he spoke, Lyle moved Ming further down the line of displays until they
  reached one featuring a young blonde woman with huge blue eyes and a bosom
  that triggered Ming's instant envy.  
"This was Layla," Lyle said. "She was from Odessa, Ukraine. I got her through
  the same dating site."  
"Is that where you'll go for my  replacement?"  
"I'm counting on not having to replace you for years to come, my love. But
  yes, it's an ideal venue. A girl brought in from another continent who has
  no resources of her own and barely knows the language feels isolated and dependent.
  Those handicaps, plus the potential of a visit from Lenny, are highly persuasive
  factors in her decision to go along with the program."  
"To accept the pleasures of cannibalism and the thrill of being a future
  dinner, you mean."  
"Exactly." He kissed her, pinching her nipples through her dress.  
"She was from Ukraine, you say. Same place as Katerina?"  
"Same country. Different city. Katerina is from Donetsk."  
"Did Tom find Katerina through a dating site, too?"  
"Matter of fact, yes. Same site."  
Ming's attention drifted from Layla's cleavage to her hair. "So, you don't
  always go for the raven-haired Asian types."  
"I have eclectic tastes."  
"And you don't always prefer small, firm boobs."  
He crushed Ming's in his hands. "Variety is the spice of life. But I'll admit,
  you were right on the money about tits. Layla's jugs were as soft and mushy
  in bed as they turned out to be on a plate. Whereas yours are an infinitely
  more arousing mouthful. I can only imagine how scrumptious they'll be when
  properly cooked."  
 He leaned down as if to bite one off. Ming backed away coyly.  
"I see, also, that she had herself all tucked up on the spit with her legs
  folded under her up against her belly, and her wrists bound together under
  her shins. That looks very sexy."  
"Yeah, but the Chef hates it. Hard to roast the carcass evenly. And when
  they do it that way, they have to run the spit through her asshole instead
  of her cunt."  
"So what's the problem with that?"  
"The hot metal spit helps crisp the labia. When it's not there, they have
  to cook the cunt lips separately. Not as dramatic a presentation as when they
  slice them off right there at the carving table."  
"Was she spitted live?"  
"You bet. She was one scary pain slut! From her first introduction to the
  Iron Feather Club she could never get enough whippings and canings. She loved
  to be left on display for hours in a severe hog tie, often with heavy weights
  clamped to her nipples. She loved tit torture, cunt torture, tongue torture,
  you name it. I hung her by her hair once for fifteen minutes. I'd hobble her,
  hands and feet, and chase her around the house with a whip or a cattle prod
  making her scream for mercy. The next day she'd plead with me to do it again.
  I hung her by her wrists for a whole weekend once. She'd made me promise not
  to take her down no matter how hard she begged, so I strung her up in the cellar
  and went off to a golf tournament. But I left a camera to record her suffering,
  which was considerable, to say the least. She watched that tape over and over,
  reliving the agony. She practically went nuts when I brought her here! Couldn't
  wait for her turn. Didn't take long, either. The final test of her second lottery
  was a joust on a plank. She let herself get knocked off it by a girl six inches
  shorter and thirty pounds lighter. I'm sure she did it deliberately, because
  she stood up and winked at me as Lenny cuffed her. Her meat was good, too.
  Not as tender and sweet as Lia's. More gamey. But good."  
"How old was she?"  
"Eighteen when I brought her over from Ukraine. Nineteen when she was spitted."  
"They wrapped her hair in foil."  
"Yeah. She was very concerned about that. Her wild blonde hair was her greatest
  glory and she wanted it saved from the fire so it could be wrapped in a bun
  and pinned with a red rose for her presentation at the banquet."  
"Very pretty." She sighed. "I guess I may as well say it. I've decided I
  don't mind being third in your line of edible girls. I don't even mind that
  there'll be more after me. In fact, that makes it even better. Being your wife
  is nice and I love you for granting me that, but knowing that it's just a cover
  for my real relationship to you, that secretly I'm your property, soon to be
  turned into meat just like your previous girl properties, makes me hot as hell!"  
"I'm glad. But actually, Ming, you're the property of the Millennium Group.
  I just have you on loan until it's your time to be our meal."  
"That makes it all the more deliciously erotic! Think about it! They own
  me now, just a piece of livestock, because you brought me here and gave me
  to them. You can only give away what you own. And you do own me Lyle, or did.
  I insist. Come here!"  
She grabbed him with both hands by the waist and drew him in, kissing his
  neck and mouth voraciously. Then she dropped softly to her knees, zipped open
  his pants and pulled out his fast responding manhood. She was still sucking
  and licking it with fervor when another couple entered the gallery. Lyle grinned
  sheepishly at them but Ming never let up until he gasped, bucked into her face
  and jetted hot spunk into her throat. She continued to swallow and suck feverishly
  as the couple turned away, smiling, to peruse the pictorials.  
She cleaned him off meticulously with her tongue, so well, in fact, that
  he started to rise for more. She tapped it with a finger.  
"No, no. That's enough for now." She tucked it back in his pants. "Save it
  for tonight. You promised to fuck my brains out, and since I'm only on loan,
  you'd better try to keep me happy."  
"And you promised me a threesome with Cherry."  
"All the more reason to keep something in reserve." She zipped him up and
  stood. "Come on, dear doctor. Let's find Cherry and set it up."  
They found her on the tennis court lazily returning lobs from a sweating
  Member four times her age. She was wearing her usual thin cotton ensemble of
  low cut, high-riding top over low-riding micro shorts over nothing at all,
  affording her opponent plenty of distracting glimpses of ripening fifteen year
  old body parts. When the older man had finally suffered enough humiliation
  and left, they fell in step with her on the way back to the mansion.  
"You booked for tonight, Cherry, after the banquet?" Ming asked.  
"Maybe. Maybe not. Why?"  
"Cause me and Lyle thought it would be nice to get to know each other better.
  Y'know?"  
Cherry eyed them. "You? And   Lyle?"  
"Yeah. If you're free."  
"I'm hardly ever free  , honey. But you did  say
  Lyle, huh?"  
"Very definitely Lyle."  
"Yeah. Okay. Tenish, okay?"  
"Tenish. In Suite 207."  
"I'll be there!"  
Ming bet she would! It was her experience that all women everywhere wanted
  a piece of the wickedly handsome Dr. Bach. The best piece, of course. The very
  piece she intended to monopolize herself for the brain-devouring sex he had
  promised to deliver tonight. She would have to work on how to accomplish that
  with the busty and bouncy Cherry competing for it.  
Hand in hand, Ming and Lyle wandered into the center courtyard. The grounds
  crew had strung a half dozen cables between two horizontal beams about twenty
  feet off the ground. Ropes dangled from pulleys at each end of the cables,
  a distance of some fifteen feet. To Ming each cable looked for all the world
  like a dog run set up for a dog at each end. It had obviously been put up for
  the lottery. She tried to imagine how it would be used.  
At that moment the gong sounded.  
All conversation, all activities on the estate ceased.  
It was a chilling sound for every female there. It tolled the beginning of
  another lottery, another trial to determine which of them had eaten her last
  breakfast, put on her last dress, made love for the last time. Ming felt her
  heart skip a beat. Eros and fear gripped her with equal and opposite fervor.
  Risk was so enthrallingly exciting! But death was so frighteningly permanent.  
The women of Millennium, pressed on by their lovers and sponsors, arrived
  in the Great Hall dutifully, if not with great enthusiasm. Within five minutes
  all were accounted for.  
"A warm welcome to all our beautiful ladies," the Lottery Master, boomed. "For
  our two newest Permanent Guests, Ashley and Tanya, I extend a special welcome.
  My name is Tad and I know you two are probably a bit nervous, this being your
  first lottery; but chances are, you'll have a long time and many wonderful
  banquets to get to know us all. Right now, though, it's time to find out which
  of our twelve sexy and delectable young women here today will feed the rest
  of us tonight?  
"Today's lottery has been divided into three parts. The first part will be
  a physical contest that will eliminate half of you. For that we will divide
  you into two teams: the Yellow Team and the Purple Team. Lenny is holding a
  sack containing twelve boxes. Pull one out and open it up. The color inside
  will determine your team."  
Lenny appeared at Tad's side holding a sack open with both hands. He made
  no effort to move among the women, so they began to approach him, reaching
  into the sack to extract a small cube. Ming was the third to pull one out.
  It was about an inch to a side and hinged in the middle, the two halves kept
  closed by a tiny catch. Ming popped hers open to reveal a small swatch of purple
  material. When all the women had obtained a cube, the Lottery Master spoke
  again.  
"Lenny will pass amongst you with a silk scarf matching your team color.
  Don't put it on. Just take it and assemble with your team, Purple on my right
  and Yellow on my left."  
Lenny had yellow scarves draped over his left arm and purple ones over his
  right. Ming took a purple scarf and joined her team. It consisted of Katerina,
  Candy, Brandi, Tanya and a veteran PG named Apple she'd seen at the previous
  banquets but only knew by name.  
Tad waited until the teams were fully assembled, then ordered them to follow
  him to the main courtyard. Ming figured she was about to learn the purpose
  of the six overhead cables. It wouldn't be good.  
Lenny and a member of the grounds crew lined up the two teams at opposite
  ends of the cables while the Lottery Master resumed his oration.  
"What you see here, ladies, are six trolley cables. You're going to be tethered
  to those cables by the ropes hanging at each end. The ropes are hanging from
  pulleys so you'll be able to move along the path of the cable. You're also
  going to be equipped with some special mittens and mounted on very special
  steeds. First, let's attend to those mittens. Gentlemen?"  
Lenny appeared with three other male staff members, each carrying a large
  box. The boxes were filled with puffy oval mitts which he and his assistants
  began fitting over the women's hands, binding them on with duct tape. The gloves
  were thumbless, thick and as soft and spongy as nerf balls. Someone could hit
  you in the nose with one of these, Ming thought, and it wouldn't hurt. Her
  purple scarf was draped over her left arm.  
When all twelve women were mittened, Tad continued.  
"Now it's time to mount you on your steeds. Bring on the steeds!"  
On cue, all the Members &mdash; Lyle included &mdash; emerged from another
  part of the mansion into the courtyard. They were strapped into white straight
  jackets like a dozen Hannibal Lectors. The women broke into nervous laughter
  at the sight of them. Lyle came straight to Ming's side.  
"This preliminary elimination round," the Lottery Master said, "will be played
  piggyback with your sponsors as horses. Two members of our kitchen staff have
  kindly &mdash; I might even say eagerly  &mdash; volunteered
  to be horses for Candy and Cherry, our lovely Permanent Guests at Large. Now,
  mount up, ladies!"  
The men knelt down so their female partners could climb aboard. Unable to
  grip anything because of the mitts, it was a clumsy and humorous operation.
  Nor were their partners able to help because of the straight jackets. But eventually
  all twelve women were mounted piggyback, albeit precariously. The "horses" stood
  up carefully. A few of the older men needed some help.  
"Now then, ladies, please be patient while Lenny and his helpers tether you
  to the trolley cable and add a couple of other items."  
With the aid of step-stools to boost them up, the four men looped the ends
  of the ropes around the women's necks, tying them off with almost no slack.
  It was immediately apparent to Ming that if she slipped off Lyle's shoulders,
  she would be hanging from the cable. Oh no! Not again!  He
  obviously couldn't help her because of the straight jacket. She tried to snug
  her legs more securely around his neck, locking her ankles together. She put
  her forearms under his chin. Now the groundsman was stuffing a ball gag in
  her mouth and buckling it in place. The last thing he did before moving on
  to the next horse and rider was to tuck her purple scarf under her left buttock.  
Tad resumed. "While the last of you gals gets a noose around your pretty
  necks let me explain the other two items. The gag is so you can't communicate
  verbally with your horse. I mean, that would be silly, wouldn't it? Who talks
  to horses? We don't gag our Members, of course, but they know that horses don't
  talk either, and if they attempt to talk to you, you're an automatic loser.
  Let's hope you're on good terms with your horse." He stopped to chuckle at
  his own drollery. "I'll explain the purpose of the scarf in a minute. Just
  make sure you don't let it slip out from under your cute little ass.  
"Here's how it's gonna go. This is not really a team thing. It's one on one.
  You ladies will do battle with the gal at the opposite end of your cable. The
  object is to force her off her mount. Your horses are not allowed to trip,
  bump or otherwise participate in the battle, except to carry you to where you
  can do it yourself. You, on the other hand, may employ whatever artifice you
  can devise to unseat your opponent. If your opponent winds up swinging in the
  wind with her scarf on the ground, you win. If you both  are
  unhorsed, the winner will be the one whose scarf hits the ground last  .
  So I repeat: keep your little butt down tight against it. Lenny and I will
  be watching those scarves real close. If there are any slackers, by the way,
  if anyone decides to just hang on and not fight, Eddie over here, our chief
  groundskeeper, has a cattle prod he loves to use. Needless to say, although
  I'll say it anyway, the six winning riders will be free to enjoy the rest of
  this fine day. The unhorsed six, on the other hand, will go on to the next
  round. So . . . are you ready, ladies?"  
The facial expressions among the women ranged from grim to terrified. Only
  Katerina responded to the question, raising both mittens high and glaring at
  her opponent. But all the "horses" gave quick, affirmative nods on their behalf.  
Ming noticed Tad had said nothing about when and how the hanging girls would
  be rescued. But there was no time to worry about it now.  
The LM raised an arm. "All right girls, here we go. Ready . . . Set . . .
  CHARGE!" He chopped the arm downward.  
Lyle lurched forward. Ming clung more tightly to his neck and head, suddenly
  conscious of how slippery the scarf was under her butt, the silk sliding against
  the fabric of his straight jacket as his body swayed. She looked up at the
  girl coming toward her, sizing her up for the first time as a mortal enemy.
  Her name was Ashley, one of the newbies at the last banquet. Unlike Ming, she
  had not thrown up when she discovered what she was eating. After a stunned "Oh-my-God!" or
  two with her clapped hand over her mouth, she loosened up, joined in with the
  general laughter and dug into a second helping. She was quite young, seventeen
  as Ming recalled, and tall &mdash; several inches taller than Ming &mdash; with
  a riotous cascade of curly reddish hair tumbling down over her shoulders. She
  had the supple and powerful figure of an athlete &mdash; perhaps a swimmer
  or a tennis player &mdash; without an ounce of excess fat. The chef in Ming
  dismissed her as a poor prospect for a tender meal; but the survivor in her
  warned that this hard-bodied teen was a serious threat.  
As if that weren't bad enough, Ashley's "steed" was a Millennium Member named
  Evan, a man she knew to be an ex NHL pro whose fortyish body was still formidably
  massive. If push did come to shove, despite the LM's stricture against horse
  participation, Lyle was pathetically out of his weight class. A thoroughbred
  vs. a Percheron.  
The gap between them was closing quickly. Ming had to come up with a plan
  fast or concede the initiative to Ashley. She pictured Ashley's strong arm
  suddenly around her neck, dragging her easily off Lyle's shoulder. She couldn't
  allow that to happen! She decided her only hope was a preemptive attack. She
  ached to tell her intentions to Lyle, but the damned gag converted all her
  words to useless groans. Instead, she spurred him with her heels, hoping that
  would convey the message.  
Lyle picked up on the clue and plunged suddenly toward the oncoming couple,
  trying to move left of them so Ming could use her stronger right arm for whatever
  she planned to do, but Evan blocked him. This brought the two women face to
  face and within reach of each other. Both threw simultaneous hard, roundhouse
  right hand punches into the other's face. Ming was rocked back by the force
  of Ashley's more powerful blow. It had landed squarely on her nose and pain
  flared through her face in spite of the mitt's spongy padding. She flung a
  left hook counterpunch, but reaction to the pain had delayed it a fraction
  of a second too long and Ashley blocked it, landing her own left against Ming's
  right ear. That didn't hurt, but threw her off balance, forcing her to spend
  a half-second readjusting her body so she wouldn't slide off Lyle. That was
  just long enough for Ashley to fling her right arm around Ming's neck, exactly
  what Ming had feared most.  
Seeing his mount had a firm lock on Ming, Evan swiftly began backing up.
  He had to be careful not to move too far right or left lest she be pulled off
  by the tether line around her neck. He could see that Ming was leaning precariously
  forward, both arms around Ashley's waist and scissoring Lyle's neck so hard
  with her thighs that his face had turned bright red. She was trying to stay
  on him without losing the silk scarf under her bottom, but it had dragged him
  off balance, making him stagger. Evan knew a thing or two about breaking and
  holding tackles and hoped Ashley was as sharp as she was beautiful. Without
  warning he reversed directions and bolted past a surprised Lyle. He couldn't
  go far because the pulley's over head collided on the cable. He could feel
  Ashley's body pulled upward, her legs nearly decapitating him as she tightened
  her grip. But he also saw Ming wrenched sideways, her purple scarf flying,
  her legs tearing past Lyle's ears.  
Horrified, angry with herself, Ming clung tenaciously to Ashley, hoping to
  pull her down with her. But it was a useless cause. What would she gain by
  that? She could see Ashley's yellow scarf still pinched between her thigh and
  Evan's shoulder. Just barely, but still there, making her the winner of this
  little contest. Reluctantly, knowing it would mean slow hanging again, she
  spread her arms and let herself swing away from Ashley, feeling the noose bite
  into her neck. She also felt Ashley's fingers brush her cheek, saw the look
  in her eyes. It was not a triumphant look. It was a wan, sorry about
  that   look. A please don't take this personally  look. I
  only did what I have to do to stay alive. Just like you  .  
Ming was swinging gently, twisting, her feet kicking, searching for ground,
  her hands unable to grab the rope, climb it, loosen it, her body desperate
  for air. She could see four other girls hanging, twisting and kicking like
  her. The scarves made purple and yellow splotches on the flagstones. Then a
  fifth girl fell away from a grappling match, dragging her opponent with her.
  Six women hanging, thrashing. But now all Ming could think about was air! Black
  dots were filling her vision. Drool ran from the corner of her mouth. She felt
  a bump against the back of her thighs. Something forcing its way between them.
  A voice broke through her focus on the need to breathe.  
"Open your legs, Ming! Open them for Chrissake so I can lift you up!"  
Lyle's voice! With her last ounce of rational thought, she made her legs
  obey, spreading them so her lover could insert his neck between them and rise
  from where he had squatted beneath her, lifting her and alleviating the deadly
  grip of the noose. She made mewling noises as she struggled to suck in and
  expel air past the loosened but still tightly cinched rope. Bless
  you my sweet, darling Lyle!  she wanted to say, but, of course,
  could not.  
Half a minute later the winches holding the cables taut let it go slack and
  all six hanging women were on the ground, their legs shaky as they gasped in
  air.  
"Well, that was fun!" the Lottery Master announced. Congratulations to our
  six successful combatants! As soon as your steeds have been relieved of their
  straight jackets, they'll help you out of your mitts, gags and nooses so you
  can all order some well-earned drinks and watch our six semi-finalists compete
  in Round Two. Those semi-finalists are . . ." he paused for dramatic effect
  and pointed them out: ". . . Katerina,
  Apple, Ming, Candy, Kayla and Amanda.  Beauties all! Any one of
  them will make an excellent dinner for us tonight. We'll give them a few minutes
  to recover from their hanging and then we'll proceed to the Rembrandt Room
  for the next phase of the lottery.  
The Rembrandt Room turned out to be two doors down from the Brandenburg Room.
  It was long and narrow, its walls lined with reproductions of famous 18 th  and
  19 th  century paintings. Hence the name, Ming assumed.
  And perhaps some of them were not merely reproductions. But the room's dominant
  feature was a path about a yard wide and ten yards long that stretched nearly
  its full length. The path consisted of copper disks, about a foot in diameter,
  laid out in ten rows of three disks each between foot-high rails. To Ming they
  looked like round metal flagstones.  
Lyle had walked her to the room with his arm around her, murmuring reassurances
  in her ear. "Don't worry, sweetheart. You've still got a five out of six chance
  to be romping with me and Cherry tonight. In Vegas that would be considered
  spectacular odds! No sweat."  
But there was  sweat. Her nervous system was on full
  alert! She knew as well as he did that her real chances of ending up on a platter
  had suddenly dropped from one in twenty to fifty-fifty. God knows what would
  happen here, but it didn't look to her like it would be a matter of pure chance.
  Any contest involving skill was skewed, good or bad. In the case of the piggyback
  fight it had been disastrous. Ming was no fighter, and certainly no match against
  that strawberry blonde Valkyrie and her linebacker horse.  
The voice of the Lottery Master took charge once again.  
"All right, let's separate our contestants from their fan clubs. Spectators
  to the left, contestants to the right!"  
Reluctantly, Ming let Lyle's hand slip out of hers as they moved to opposite
  sides of the path.  
"First, ladies, I want all of you to step out of your shoes."  

When all six contestants were in their bare feet, he continued.  
"This contest is going to test your intuition, ladies. There are thirty copper
  plates in that pathway there, all wired to an electrical system controlled
  by a computer. At any one time six of those plates will be hot, but you won't
  know which ones. The computer will randomly change the configuration for each
  one of you. Those who travel the whole path from one end to the other without
  getting shocked are free to go. Those who step on a hot plate or outside the
  path will go on to the third and final round. Oh, one other little detail.
  To make sure we know if you've stepped on an electrified plate, we'll be attaching
  a grounded alligator clip to your body. Where? Well, we'll give you your choice:
  either your tongue, or one of your titties. You decide. To choose the order
  of appearance, you will draw one of the playing cards Lenny has in his hand.
  They're numbered one to six, the ace being number one."  
As before, Lenny stood still and let the women come to him to draw their
  card. Ming was pushed aside by Katerina who made the first choice. Ming managed
  to draw one of the last three. She turned it over. The four of diamonds. It
  made no real difference who drew first or last, of course, since it boiled
  down to pure chance. Still, Katerina's aggressiveness was beyond rude. As it
  turned out, Katerina had drawn the ace and would go first. Was that good or
  bad? Ming couldn't help but hope it was bad for the snotty blonde.  
Lenny led Katerina to the end of the path nearest the door and picked up
  an electrical alligator clip attached to a wire that ran along the floor the
  length of the path.  
"Tongue or tit?" he asked in a flat voice.  
Katerina pulled the scoop neck of her dress down over her left shoulder and
  lifted an ample breast out over the fabric. Lenny dipped something out of a
  small jar with his index finger and smeared it on Katerina's nipple, then snapped
  the jaws of the clip on the sensitive nub. She winced. Ming would have been
  pleased at Katerina's well deserved suffering, but knew that she, too, would
  be making that same choice, suffering the same pain. To clip that thing on
  the tongue would be far more painful.  
Lenny led Katerina through a shallow depression in the floor filled with
  water. There would be no question of either foot or breast making a solid electrical
  connection if she stepped on the wrong plate. He brought her to the start of
  the path. If she entertained any thoughts of procrastination, his hand on the
  cattle prod at his belt erased them.  
She took a deep breath, decided on the center plate in the first row and
  stepped on it with her right foot. It was benign. Taking advantage of her long
  legs, she stepped over the second row of plates and on to the outside left
  disk of the third row. Still okay! She took two more long strides, skipping
  rows, choosing plates at random. On her forth stride she screamed, clasped
  her left breast and leapt out of the path.  
"Oops," said Tad. "Looks like Katerina will be in Round Three."  
Lenny was instantly at her side clamping on ankle cuffs. Any future strides
  would be twelve inches or shorter and any attempt to escape would be in slow
  motion.  
"By the way, girls," the LM chortled, "it's no use memorizing which plate
  was hot. The computer has already reshuffled the deck. Okay, who's next?"  
Kayla held up her deuce of diamonds. She was a twenty-two year old heartbreaker
  of medium build with dark, exotic eyes, short black hair and a quixotic temperament &mdash; sometimes
  aggressively boisterous and adventurous, other times quiet and inexplicably
  shy. Ming had played a game of badminton with her at the last banquet (losing
  badly) and learned she had a wonderfully variegated genetic background, a mixture
  of Native American, Asian, Latino, French Canadian, Middle Eastern, North African
  and Scandinavian. This was only her third banquet and while she was a rapt
  observer of the cooking process and an enthusiastic dining companion, the lottery
  filled her with profound dread. Ming could see the card tremble as she held
  it aloft, trying to be brave.  
But when Lenny approached with his clip and his choice of "Tongue or tit?" she
  backed away.  
He looked surprised, then closed the gap and asked again. "You want it on
  the tongue or on a tit? Speak up!"  
Again she stepped back, shaking her head. Ming groaned inwardly. Big mistake!
  Besides the cattle prod, Lenny carried a Taser which he now whipped out of
  its holster. Before Kayla could react to it, he fired. She crumpled like a
  dropped marionette. It took half a minute for her to regain her senses and
  the function of her body, more than enough time for Lenny to cuff her hands
  behind her, stuff and lock a spreader between her jaws, clamp the alligator
  clip to her tongue, grab her by the neck and stand her up again. She staggered
  as he dragged her through the foot bath and growled in her ear.  
"Now you're gonna walk down that fuckin' path, you stupid bitch! If you hesitate
  so much as a second, I'll ram this fuckin' prod up your dumb cunt! Now GO!" He
  shoved her on to the first row of plates.  
Her legs still wobbly, she stumbled down the path with scant effort to pick
  and chose where she put her feet. Astonishingly, she emerged from the other
  end unscathed, except for a sore tongue. Once disconnected and uncuffed, she
  ran from the room.  
Shit!  thought Ming. Maybe that's the secret. Just blunder
  through it. What's the point of trying to outwit a computer?  
The three of diamonds turned out to be Candy and she seemed to have reached
  the same conclusion. With the electrode attached to her left nipple, she started
  a sprint across the copper stepping stones. She made it almost three quarters
  of the way before she shrieked, grabbed at her breast and spun off the path,
  tangling in the electric wire. A few minutes later she was standing in the
  corner with Katerina, shackles hobbing her ankles.  
Now it was Ming's turn. She, too, chose to have the clip attached to a nipple,
  but she had to slip out of her dress to make it accessible. That left her standing
  naked, except for her thong panties, contemplating how she should do this.
  Run wildly? Pick and choose her steps? Logically, if she ran, she could take
  long enough strides to avoid half the rows. That would increase her chances
  of missing the hot ones, wouldn't it? In addition (and arbitrarily) she decided
  to stick to the plates on just the left side. Why not? She breathed deeply,
  gathered her courage and started her run. Her second footfall was into a pit
  of hot lava! A lightening bolt ripped through her from her foot to her breast!
  Howling in agony she jumped off the track and landed on the floor. Before she
  could stand, she felt cold steel enclose her ankles. A sharp pain burst from
  her breast as the clip was removed from her nipple.  
Shit!   
She stood quietly in the corner between Katerina and Candy. Her dress had
  not been returned to her. All she could think of was that while they were still
  attired in their elegant cocktail dresses, she would be forced to go into the
  third and final round dressed only in a transparent thong.  
Remarkably, Amanda &mdash; a tall, slim woman in her late twenties with light
  brown hair, striking grey eyes and an addiction to the Letterman show &mdash; picked
  her way through the path without connecting with a hot plate. She joined her
  boyfriend-sponsor among the spectators to watch the last semi-finalist, Apple,
  try her luck.  
As it happened, her luck was as bad as Katerina's, Ming's and Candy's. Worse,
  in fact. The very first plate she stepped on bit back.  
"Looks like we got ourselves four fine conductors, folks," the Lottery Master
  said. "Their tit meat has already been warmed up, so let's go to the Burgundian
  Room and see which of them Lady Fortuna picks out to be tonight's dinner entre&eacute;."  
The four finalists shuffled out into the corridor, their steps limited by
  the length of their ankle chains, all of them contemplating the dark reality
  that their chance of surviving the day was now only one in four.  
It was a short trip. The Burgundian Room was next door and roughly the long,
  narrow dimensions of the one they just left. The decor, however, was starkly
  different. No paintings. No furniture except for a large wheel at one end of
  the room and a small enclosure at other that resembled the prisoner's dock
  in a British court. The wheel was about four feet in diameter with wooden handles
  bristling from its rim like the helm of a ship. Its hub was at about the level
  of Ming's shoulders, its surface flat and compartmented into pie-shaped wedges,
  at least two or three dozen of them. The dock was enclosed on three sides by
  a waist-high railing, including the side facing the wheel.  
Katerina leaned toward Ming with a half smile. "Worried?"  
"Aren't you?"  
"Not at all. I've got a seventy-five percent chance of enjoying a nice piece
  of girl meat tonight. Maybe yours. How do you plan to be cooked?"  
"Roasted," she snapped back. "How about you?"  
"I'm going to be seasoning you with salt and freshly cracked pepper, slicing
  you into delicious mouthfuls and washing you down with Chardonnay. Lyle will
  probably need a little extra comforting, too. I'll be sure Tom and I sit next
  to him. Tom's only good for one bounce in the sack, so I'll be able to spread
  a little comfort in that department, too, later on. Maybe even a lot!"  
She winked at Ming, whose effort to deliver a worthy retort was cut short
  by the Lottery Master. He had stationed himself beside the wheel to address
  the four shackled women.  
"Ladies, this final round will involve neither skill nor intuition, nor will
  any of you have an advantage or disadvantage in terms of size, weight or coordination.
  It's strictly a matter of chance. I'll explain it to you in stages so everything
  will be clear. First of all, I am writing each of your names &mdash; or rather,
  your initial &mdash; to one of the segments of this wheel. You won't see it,
  however, because I'm using a special crayon." He proceeded to write something
  on four equally spaced pie segments. Then stood well back. "Now Lenny will
  turn on the ultra violet light, the so-called black light. Go ahead, Lenny."  
The ceiling lights instantly dimmed leaving the wheel glowing eerily. Four
  bright purple letters were now clearly visible: M . . . A . . . C . . . K.
  Tad chortled.  
"Couldn't help myself. Those letters just begged to spell out something."  
The lighting returned to normal and the LM stepped closer to the wheel.  
"Now here's the good part. I get to spin the wheel and you get to throw darts
  at it. Thing is, though, you don't want to hit a segment with your own initial
  on it. If you do, game's over. You're off to the kitchen and the rest of us
  get to go have some fun. 'Course you won't be able to see where your name is
  on the wheel, but that makes it all the more exciting, right? Doesn't matter
  where else you hit &mdash; a blank segment or someone else's name &mdash; except
  that every time you take a turn your name will be added to another segment.  
"Couple of other important rules: pay attention, now. If you hit the bull's
  eye, your name gets put on two segments instead of one. If you miss the wheel
  entirely, you earn a spot on three  more segments. And
  if you somehow hit any person in this room, including Lenny and me, you're
  instant meat.  
"You'll be standing in that dock, there. It's twelve feet from the wheel.

  If there's any one of you who feels she can't throw a dart that far, let me
  know now and we'll move the dock two feet closer."  
None of the four moved or spoke. Ming wondered if it was confidence or fear
  of looking like a wimp. At what point did self-preservation out rank vanity?  
"All right," Tad said after a decent pause. "That's it, then. The first thing
  we'll do is choose the order of play. We'll do that by giving all of you a
  free throw at the wheel. Each segment is numbered. Your actual turns will start
  with the lowest number hit and work upwards. Ming, you're at the beginning
  of my anagram; you go first."  
Ming's heart skipped a beat, but she forced herself to be calm. This was
  not for real; it was just to establish the rotation. Not that her place in
  the rotation would not be important. The later she wound up in the order the
  better the chance that someone would spike their own name before she did. But
  she mustn't think about that now! She shuffled through the open side of the
  dock, her ankle chain clanking, and one of the kitchen assistants handed her
  a dart. All eyes were on her now, making her exceedingly conscious of her naked
  breasts. She caught herself puffing out her chest, but immediately chided herself.
  If her size C's weren't boob enough for her oglers, tough shit!  
Tad gave one of the handles on the wheel a strong downward shove and Ming
  was looking at a spinning blur. What the hell! She hefted the brass dart to
  decide how hard to throw it, drew back her arm and flung it at the wheel. It
  made a satisfactory smack about six inches from the right edge. She would have
  to sharpen her aim. Tad stepped on a brake pedal and the wheel quickly slowed
  to a stop. He peered at the number near the rim and pulled out the dart.  
"Seventeen for Ming. Apple, you're next."  
Apple was even more petite than Ming. She had a clear Mediterranean complexion
  with dark brown hair, large almost black eyes and sultry lips. Barely five
  feet, she was tiny from the waist up but her hips and legs were thicker than
  Ming's, although shapely enough to turn heads at any party. Ming couldn't help
  but envision them on a carving platter. Apple's heave barely made it to the
  spinning target. It landed on twelve.  
Candy's appearance in the dock triggered in Ming the same self-critical comparison
  it always did. The girl was breathtaking. Even fully covered, her breasts were
  spectacular. Her perfect, movie-star face and softly flowing blond tresses
  topped a body that would fit anyone's model of ideal. She was serene as she
  tossed her dart and nodded her acceptance at the result. Number twenty-two.  
Katerina, always vaguely arrogant, flaunted an air of confidence that matched
  her own uncommon beauty. It annoyed Ming no end. Smiling jauntily, Katerina
  fired her dart as if to nail it permanently to the wheel, then tossed her head
  and put on a "who cares?" expression as Tad announced the number.  
"Thirty-four."  
Now the game began in earnest where every throw could be the fatal one.  
Beginning with Apple.  
She was tense, but she'd been through this kind of thing several times before.
  She threw. The black light came on. She'd hit a blank. She shrank a little
  in obvious relief and shuffled out of the dock as Tad wrote an A on another
  segment.  
Now it was Ming's turn. She could feel her blood pressure climb, but reminded
  herself that there was a lot of blank wheel to throw at. She closed her eyes,
  visualized all that safe space, opened them and let the dart fly. The black
  light came on. She had hit the segment bearing the letter K. Katerina's. Too
  bad that wouldn't send the blonde bitch to the ovens.   She knew
  she shouldn't think mean thoughts, but couldn't help it. She could feel her
  blood pressure falling back again as she turned and clanked out of the dock,
  conscious of the LM adding her M to another segment. And conscious again of
  being the only one in the room who was nearly nude.  
The voluptuous Candy was next. She should be the one flashing her
      tits!   Ming thought, then chastised herself for lapsing into
      envy. Candy &mdash; even with her mighty knockers &mdash; was a nice young
      woman. She had been around a while, too, and took these lottery risks in
      stride. She squared her shoulders, took a bead on the rotating wheel and
      hurled her dart. The black light revealed that it had landed harmlessly,
      as she had expected it would. Another C was added to the wheel.  
Katerina's turn now. Her habitual self-satisfied smirk was still in place.
  Could it be that this haughtiness was her way of coping with her nerves? That
  it was all just a show? Even the shuffling steps and the clinking of her ankle
  chains seemed to have no effect on her aplomb. Without a moment's hesitation
  she snatched up the dart proffered by the assistant and flung it at the wheel.
  The wheel braked to a stop and Lenny turned on the ultra-violets. She had pinioned
  one of Ming's segments. She smiled sardonically at Ming. Tit for tat.  
Ming was up next. Her second round. She returned Katerina's smile with what
  she hoped was an enigmatic smile, a fuck you, lady, my odds are just
  as good as yours  smile. She tried to match Katerina's bodacious
  performance, concentrating on the fact that most of the space on the wheel
  did not  contain her initial. It was extremely unlikely
  that she'd hit one of the two segments that did, right? The assistant handed
  her a dart and she deliberately took even less time than Katerina to whip it
  into the target. The wheel stopped, the black light came on. The dart was stuck
  in a blank. Ming suddenly realized she had stopped breathing. She let out the
  air and left the dock with as much dignity as the rattling chain and her solo
  nudity would allow.  
A third round went by. Then a forth and a fifth. Twenty-four of the segments
  now had names attached &mdash; more than half. A sixth round. A seventh. Ming
  could feel her blood pressure going higher, her heart pounding harder each
  time she returned to the dock. Her hands were becoming so sweaty she was afraid
  she'd drop the dart. At the end of the ninth round all the segments contained
  an initial. That answered the question of how many there were. Nine throws
  times four throwers: thirty-six. Made sense. It would provide equal space for
  groups of two, three or four.  
Tad spoke up. "Well, looka that! Every tile on our wheel is taken and you're
  all still here. Well, don't you fret, girls. It won't be long now. I can almost
  smell dinner cookin' already!  
"Hey, I know what you girls are thinking. You're thinking, 'all I gotta do
  now is hit the bulls eye or miss the target or fail to make it stick and I've
  got me a free round because there's no place left to add my name as a penalty.'
  Sorry, that ain't the way it works because at this point the rules change.
  From this point on if you do any of those things, I'll put your initial on
  a segment of the girl who went just before you and erase hers. You'll also
  have to take another shot. If you stall a second time, my friend Lenny over
  there has a motivational tool that will get you back in the right frame of
  mind real fast. Ain't that right, Lenny?"  
The man with no neck patted the cattle prod clipped to his belt.  
"Plus," Tad plowed on, "you get two more extra throws. Two more chances to
  end the lottery. So don't even think about it. Unless, of course, you're bored
  with life and ready for the ultimate excitement." He pointed at Apple. "Your
  turn again, sweetheart. Step right up. We need to resolve this. The Chef is
  getting antsy."  
Having survived so many previous lotteries, Apple had come into this one
  with a certain amount of cool; but this was the most extended one yet and her
  nerves were wearing thin. Candy, too, had lost her sanguine sexiness and taken
  to drumming her long red fingernails on her teeth between turns. Even Katerina
  was chewing on her lower lip, her smugness more fragile with every passing
  round. The same unspoken thought occupied the minds of all four: how long could
  their luck hold? Apple closed her eyes for a moment as she accepted another
  dart from the assistant, trying to blank out negative thoughts. She took a
  deep breath, held it, and hurled the dart. The wheel slowed to a stop and the
  black light came on. The dart had lodged in one of Candy's segments near the
  point of the pie between two of her own. An eighth of an inch either way and
  her time as meat would have come. She made a small audible gasp and backed
  away from the dock, tripping over her own ankle chain. Ming, who was next in
  line, caught her and held her up until her legs stopped shaking.  
Now the Lottery Master's finger was pointed at Ming.  
"Our little Chinese cookie is next. Don't keep us waiting, dear. Let's keep
  rolling. It's a beautiful day and we don't want to waste it."  
Ming didn't want to invite a motivational prod from Lenny, so she let go
  of Apple &mdash; who managed to stand on her own &mdash; and stepped into the
  dock. Her heart began pounding again. Her initial was in nine of the wheel
  segments, but there were twenty-seven safe segments. Three chances out of four
  that she'd be getting her brains screwed out by Lyle tonight. Great odds! Right?
  Another brass dart was placed in her right hand, the wheel already spinning.
  She stared at it fixedly. There was no avoiding another temptation of fate.
  She had to throw the dart. Three out of four. How could she lose? Sweat was
  running into her eyes, stinging them, but she had no sleeves to wipe it away.
  She used her fingers instead. Someone was going to die today but three out
  of four segments said it would not be her! She blinked away the sweat, drew
  her right hand behind her, being careful not to drop the dart. She glared at
  the whirling target as if somehow she could find the safe places to plant the
  dart, as if she could hit a moving target at a distance of twelve feet, even
  if she could see it. She let out a shaky breath, bit her lower lip and drilled
  the dart at the blur of the wheel. It made a resounding thunk. Tad stepped
  on the brake, slowing the wheel to a stop. She squinted at the placement of
  the dart as the lights dimmed and the letters on the wheel sprang into purple
  luminescence. She blinked. She blinked again as her heart crashed into her
  throat and her bowels threatened to let go.  
"Bingo!" said the Lottery Master. "We have our winner! The lovely Ming will
  be gracing our dinner menu tonight."  
  Chapter 10  
Ming stared at the dart, its point buried in one leg of the letter M, unable
  to accept what she had done. Her arms were pulled behind her back and hard
  steel closed around her wrists. Still she stared. The lights came up bright
  and the M disappeared, leaving the dart stuck impotently in a blank wheel.
  But she remained captive, shackled hand and foot, her destiny sealed.  
Rough hands seized her upper arms and turned her around to face the Members,
  guests and staff who would be dining on her tonight. Assistants were removing
  the shackles from Apple, Candy and Katerina whose faces were aglow with relief
  and anticipation of an afternoon and evening filled with fun, entertainment,
  sex and good eating. The earlier silence of tension quickly gave way to a babel
  of conversation and laughter around her, even as a ball gag was pushed into
  her mouth and cinched in place, silencing her own words and laughter forever.  
The Lottery Master was talking but none of his gibberish broke past the roaring
  in Ming's ears until he spoke her lover's name. Lyle separated from the spectators
  and came directly toward her, a sweet, desolate smile on his face. "Sorry,
  darling," he said when he reached her. "I really was looking forward to you
  and Cherry tonight. But I'll see to it that all your wishes are carried out,
  including all the special technical details we worked out." He bent down and
  kissed the side of her mouth, officially converting her to meat, then backed
  away.  
Tad took over again. "Members and guests, Ming as a person and a valued Permanent
  Guest is no more. She is now livestock and the property of the Millennium Group.
  Ming did leave us a most interesting Will, however," he waved it, "which will
  assure us not only of a delicious and unusual dinner this evening, but a unique
  presentation as well. It utilizes a high tech medical device which her sponsor,
  Dr. Lyle, arranged to purchase for the Millennium Group a few months ago and
  had modified to satisfy the request she put into her Will. I won't give it
  away because I think it will be more fun as a surprise, but the procedure it
  calls for should provide a most entertaining spectacle. So unless you have
  other urgent pleasantries to attend to, I strongly recommend you plan to spend
  the next half hour or so at the kitchen observation window to watch what happens."  
As Tad was speaking, Lenny buckled a dog collar around Ming's neck and attached
  a leash. He used shears to snip both sides of her thong and yanked it through
  her crotch, dropping it into a sack which an assistant hustled away. Ming was
  now entirely naked. Strangely, it felt right. Her lover had just turned her
  into a meat animal and her nakedness confirmed it.  
Lenny pulled on her leash, leading her through the crowd and out of the room.
  He had not removed the ankle chain so she had to do a fast, noisy shuffle to
  keep up. No one spoke to her, just smiled in amusement as she passed by. Three
  of the men reached out to stroke her breasts and sex. It was demeaning and
  erotic at the same time. This was what she had fantasized: being led to the
  kitchen for slaughter like a common animal. She couldn't hold back a sexual
  rush and heard lewd comments on the fluids leaking down her leg.  
She was pulled through the entryway to the kitchen, a place no female guest
  ever entered more than once. The door slammed behind her. Her heart was beating
  fast, and yet she felt oddly calm now that this final journey had begun. The
  terror was still there, but it seemed to float on an electric current of sensual
  pleasure. Her very helplessness was thrilling! This was the finale she had
  worked out with Lyle between intervals of mad passion. No longer the observer
  at the window and celebrant at the feast, she was now the sacrificial lamb.
  An infinitely more intense experience!  
There was the trestle with the enema bag hanging next to it, the portable
  commode waiting to one side. She was led directly to the trestle, bent over
  it, her head forced down nearly to the floor, her leash wound around a hitch
  at the base. The shackles were removed from her ankles, but replaced with cuffs
  that attached them to the legs of the trestle. She felt the nozzle penetrate
  deep into her rectum and the balloon expand painfully to hold it in place and
  seal her anus. Three times she had watched this procedure through the window,
  wondering what it felt like. Now she saw faces peering in at her as the hot
  soapy water rushed into her bowels. Within seconds she needed to expel it,
  but couldn't. It kept pouring in, filling her belly, bloating her impossibly!
  She writhed on the trestle as the need became extreme! She begged them to stop,
  it was more than enough! But neither mouth nor tongue could move and the words
  came out as groans. She gnashed her teeth on the hard rubber ball as her torment
  grew way past bearable. She was going to burst! The need to relieve the pressure
  had become agony! She barely felt it when her leash was unwound from the hitch
  and she was lifted off the trestle and dropped backwards to the seat of the
  commode. The balloon in her rectum collapsed and the hot fluids inside her
  tortured belly exploded from her, propelling the nozzle ahead of it like a
  pellet gun. Her bladder emptied at the same time. The relief was so gratifying
  that she hardly had the mental energy left to appreciate the humiliation of
  her performance, the laughing faces at the observation window, the holding
  of noses and moving lips issuing scatological wit.  
Then it started all over again. Back on the trestle. Hot water gushing into
  her, scalding her insides. Filling her to the point of bursting! Ending with
  another explosive flushing into the portable potty. Then a third time! Gallons
  and gallons of hot, searing pain, making her sob and wail, this time running
  out clear. There would be no accidental spillage of fecal matter during the
  next stage of her preparations. The fatal stage from which there was no turning
  back.  
But first there was the external and vaginal cleansing. She was strung her
  up by her wrists and ankles, stretched into an X, scrubbed clean with soapy
  brushes and hosed off. The nozzle was then inserted into her vagina. She remembered
  the faces of the other girls she had watched, and understood now the pain they
  were going through as the needles of hot water under high pressure reamed out
  the delicate tissues inside. It also reminded her of last night's far more
  pleasant intrusions into that same place and the multiple creamy deposits Lyle
  left there. She remembered wondering whether he would be able to taste traces
  of himself on her cunt lips if they happened to be the ones served the next
  day. Guess not. Not after this kind of wash out.  
When it was over, she was taken down and laid out on the stainless steel
  table, her shoulders extending just beyond the top end of the table. Her right
  arm was pinned to her side by straps above and beneath her breasts. More straps
  were tightened down over her abdomen, hips, thighs, shins and ankles. Her left
  arm had been strapped down separately, her hand taped to a side extension,
  palm up. A rubber garrotte around her upper arm raised a vein and a needle
  was inserted into it. A long plastic tube was fixed to the needle and blood
  began flowing through it. A special extension had been attached to the table
  for her head which was strapped into a padded vice. She was totally immobilized.
  Aside from her eyes and some nervous clenching of her fingers and toes, the
  only movement of her body was the rise and fall of her chest. Despite her determination
  to remain composed, she began to perspire. Several minutes went by. Her heart
  was pounding so hard it hurt. Then it began to skip beats. She felt light-headed,
  woozy. And why not? They had drawn a lot of blood. Might as well. It would
  just be wasted.  
She knew who would be coming in next and what he would do. Movement in her
  peripheral vision telegraphed his arrival. A moment later he was looking down
  into her fear stricken eyes. He smiled. That soft enigmatic smile of his. Trying
  to relax her. Caressing her eyebrows and lips. A gentle stroke to each breast,
  a love pinch for each nipple. She savored the stirring that ran from her nipple
  to her belly, then back up her spine. One last taste of it. He wore no mask
  or surgical gown. No need for that. Infection was not an issue. He did pull
  on latex gloves as he'd told her he would. Millennium insisted on it. A security
  thing. No good having the blood of your missing wife under your fingernails,
  should anyone happen to check.  
She saw the machine roll up to his side, pushed by a kitchen assistant who
  hovered just out of sight. She could hear it humming, ready to go. She couldn't
  move her head; only her eyes. She saw the scalpel appear in his right hand,
  something else in his left. Tubing filled with red fluid. It was the tube that
  had been draining blood from her left arm, now filled and ready for a new purpose.  
"This will hurt some," he said, "but I'll try to make it quick."  
She felt the pressure of his hand on the left side of her neck, then a sharp
  sting as the blade sank into the flesh, swiftly severing the . . . what? The
  jugular? The carotid? He knew. She didn't care. He had promised it would work.
  She had wanted to indulge her own fantasy, her own morbid desire to watch every
  moment of her transition from sentient human female to meat on the plate. And
  he had promised it to her. A surge of burning pain! Then it faded and she saw
  his beautiful face leaning over her, felt his hand on the right side of her
  neck. Another sting! Another burning pain. Then it was over. He stood up straight
  and gazed down at her.  
"It's time."  
She blinked.  
"I'm so sorry, babe."  
He disappeared from her view and she heard the clunk of equipment being locked
  in place next to her face on the right. This was it. In a few seconds all hope
  of being saved from this madness would be gone. She heard the snap of a switch
  and heard a motor grinding quickly up to speed. In a single second it had achieved
  the monotone of a constant speed and began to draw closer. She cut her eyes
  to the right and caught a glimpse of it, the saw blade whirling, closing swiftly
  on her neck. She actually watched it, mesmerized as it lunged through her flesh,
  it's pitch lowering slightly in the split second it took to chew through the
  hard bone of her spine, then ripping the rest of the way through her neck,
  before returning to its starting place via the same path. A shower of blood,
  tossed high by the circular blade, fell back down on her face and in her eyes.
  The pain had been sharp, intense and over in the same brutal moment.  
The gag in her mouth came out. She saw the strap over her forehead fly off.
  The pressure on her ears disappeared as the padded head vice opened. She felt
  Lyle's hands under her jaw and around her face raising her up. Intellectually
  she had known what to expect, but the horror of its reality hit her like a
  hammer! Her body lay on the table, her neck a gaping stump, gushing blood. NO!  she
  screamed! No! Put it back! Please! I didn't mean it! My beautiful
  body! Please! Put it back together!   But no one listened. No one
  could hear it. They were busy moping up the blood, unstrapping the body, getting
  ready for the next stage of preparation.  
It suddenly occurred to her that this was the last thing Tai saw when they
  plucked her head from the basket of the guillotine. Her own gruesomely headless
  body. But Tai hadn't been warned she would live several seconds beyond her
  beheading or be shown such a dreadful sight. Ming, on the other hand, had planned
  all this in detail months ago. She had only herself to blame for her shock.
  But it was too late to retreat. Her body was now beyond salvage for anything
  other than meat and the machine which was keeping her head alive could only
  do so for up to eight hours.  
Things were being done to her &mdash; the pathetic fraction of her that was
  left, the vital part that housed her thoughts, memories and feelings &mdash; but
  her range of view was limited to where she could turn her eyes. There was no
  sensation below her chin, which was undoubtedly a mercy given that Lyle had
  said he would have to cauterize the entire stump of her neck to stop the bleeding.
  She could just catch a glimpse of the machine that was now circulating blood
  through her brain and refreshing it with oxygen. Gradually the toxins would

  build up, of course, and she would slip into a final sleep. In the meantime,
  she had to stop feeling sorry for herself and live this fantasy death to its
  conclusion.  
Saliva was building up in her mouth as Lyle continued to adjust her head
  in the cradle that would hold her head upright for her last hours. She felt
  a moment of panic when she was unable to swallow it, but remembered that her
  swallowing mechanism was gone. But it didn't matter because she couldn't choke
  on it; she no longer had lungs. She felt the saliva drooling from the corner
  of her mouth and hoped Lyle would notice it before he took her out to the banquet
  hall. When he was finally finished fiddling with the head-holder, he cleaned
  the blood off her face. His tenderness broke her heart.  
Misreading her eyes, he said, "Don't worry, sweetheart, I'll have someone
  come in and fix your makeup and hair before you leave the kitchen."  
She wanted to speak, tell him of her regret in having to leave him, thank
  him for his kindness and his love. She wanted to tell him one more time that
  she was honored to contribute her body to the banquet in his name, that much
  as she loved life, she loved giving it up for his pleasure even more.  
He adjusted her so that she had a clear view of the preparation table, kissed
  her eyes and left the kitchen. Her heart ached for him to stay with her, but
  her voice was gone, her semi-paralyzed mouth and lips unable even to shape
  the words.  
The Chef and his assistants were eviscerating her body. They had slit it
  open from breastbone to pubis and the assistant had pulled out an armload of
  her freshly cleaned out intestines which he plopped into the garbage pail.
  He had already severed them from her anus and pulled them out by the yard until
  he reached the stomach. A quick slash with his knife and the last of the links
  snaked into the pail. Another slash and out came the stomach. She wondered
  if any of her breakfast was still in it as he chucked it into the garbage.
  The organs she had specified for the stuffing and sausages went into a large
  pan &mdash; the heart, liver, kidneys and womb. As the Chef flipped the hollowed
  out body on its side and hosed the interior, Ming found herself thinking of
  it not as her lost body, but as a carcass. At some point, she had stopped grieving
  for it and begun to think of it more as meat. She watched critically as the
  Chef rubbed granular salt and minced green onions into the body cavity to add
  extra flavor to the ribs and flanks while an assistant worked seasonings into
  a large basin of freshly prepared stuffing. When all was ready, they packed
  it all into the seasoned abdomen and closed the skin back over it. She was
  pleased to see that they sewed the flap shut as she had stipulated, rather
  than stapling.  
She would never know what it felt like to have a thick steel rod shoved up
  her cunt and through her body, neither the erotic thrill nor the terrible pain;
  but it was fascinating to watch them turn her body on its stomach, spread the
  legs and ram the spit into the vagina, pushing and twisting until it emerged
  from the neck stump.  
The most difficult part of the preparations for Ming to watch was when the
  Chef used a small circular saw to lop off the hands and feet, dropping them
  in the pan with the edible organs. It was a moment of inexpressible sadness.
  Somehow it was the final indisputable degrading of her body from human to animal.
  Her twenty-two years of cleansing it, nourishing it, toning and pampering it
  had ended. She had given it to her lover, who had severed her head from it
  and turned it over to Millennium. What was left of it, the thing on the table,
  was just a carcass being readied for roasting.  
She watched them wire the forearms behind its back, the legs to the spit
  and the knees to the short crossbar that would keep it turning with the spit.
  She watched them lift the spit on to a set of trestles and begin to brush on
  the first coat of the sauce Ming had specified in the Will. At the same time
  an assistant carried the pan with her hands, feet and organs to a far corner
  of the kitchen where the assistants began to strip the meat from the bones.
  That meat would be chopped up finely along with the best parts of her organs,
  then grilled with garlic, onions, spices, bread crumbs and sugar to create
  a serving sauce.  
One of the assistants came toward her and disappeared out of sight behind
  her. He reappeared a few seconds later pushing a dolly on which a spool of
  electrical cable was mounted. He pushed it through the kitchen and out the
  door into the courtyard in the direction of the fire pit. As he went, the cable
  unwound from the spool, leaving a trail of black wire. A minute later he returned,
  still pushing the hand truck, the spool now laying down a second trail of wire
  parallel to the first. Just as he moved out of sight again behind her, Lyle
  suddenly appeared directly in front of her.  
"Hi, babe. Everything's going well."  
Where the hell have you been? I need you with me. I'm scared. Please
      don't leave me!  She reached for his hand. Could have sworn
      she felt its comforting warmth in hers. Could have sworn she still had
      hands.  
"I had them run a power cord out to the roasting area so you can watch yourself
  cook. This life support machine has no battery backup, so we need to keep you
  plugged in."  
She felt a slight jarring. The room began to move. She was being moved along
  the path marked by the electric wires. Was Lyle pushing or was it the assistant
  chef? It was weird rolling along on a device she couldn't see. Her eyes were
  at the level of Lyle's chin, much higher than she was used to.  
Lyle was still talking.  
"I've been lecturing your audience, explaining what's going on. I told them
  how you wanted to be roasted whole, but also wanted to live long enough to
  enjoy the whole banquet scene, right up to the after-dinner brandies. I explained
  how we decided to detach your head to keep your brain and eyes from being cooked,
  and how this machine keeps the blood we took out of your body circulating through
  your head and supplies it with oxygen. It's working well, too. With any luck
  you'll not only live to see all of your meat served and eaten, you'll even
  get to see how successful your dessert choices are."  
The rolling stopped about eight feet to one side of the roasting pit. The
  gas burners had been fired up in advance and the bed of coals was already cherry
  red. Two kitchen staffers arrived carrying the loaded spit. The Chef followed
  behind with the trestles and set them beside the pit as a temporary support
  for the spitted carcass so he could baste it away from the heat of the fire.
  Another assistant followed with a pot filled with the viscous red sauce they
  would use. It was a recipe Ming had appended to her Will: a traditional Chinese
  blend of herbs, spices and butter that would turn her roasted body a light
  shade of red rather than the ususal golden brown.  
Most of the spectators who had watched her toss the fatal dart and stayed
  on to observe her decapitation and kitchen prep had assembled here as well.
  They were not so much interested in the start of the actual roast as the opportunity
  to get close up to the grotesquerie that had once been Ming. Was still Ming,
  in a bizarrely abbreviated way. They crowded around, blocking her view of the
  basting, touching her face, waving their hands in front of her eyes. Was it
  really alive? Asking foolish questions.  
"What's it feel like having no body, seeing it over there with no head?"  
"You gonna get to eat any of yourself?"  
"Do you have any feeling in your face?"  
"Can you still have orgasms with just visual stimulation?"  
Lyle patiently explained that she had neither breath nor vocal cords to answer
  questions. It was Katerina who suggested the obvious solution: eye blinks.
  One for yes. Two for no. Ming was deeply grateful that someone had finally
  come up with it, even if it was Katerina.  
"So," Katerina said, bestowing her patented enigmatic smile on Ming. "Are
  you in any pain?"  
Two blinks.  
"Are you excited about the banquet? Watching yourself being cooked?"  
One blink.  
"If Lyle could keep you around indefinitely like this, would you approve?"  
Blink, blink.  
"Why not? I think it would be cool. He could mount you in the bedroom. A
  real trophy wife!" She laughed, her eyes sparkling at the mental image. "You
  could keep track of all his little groupies, see which ones get the full treatment
  and which ones get a test fuck and then out the door. He could line you up
  with all the other winners and let you glare at each other all day the way
  you're glaring at me now." She laughed again. "Did you know you're drooling?" She
  scooped up some of the saliva draining from Ming's mouth with the side of her
  index finger and flicked it into Ming's eyes. "Oops! Sorry. Hey, I'll bet you're
  drooling because you're thinking about how tasty you'll be tonight. I can hardly
  wait, myself. Lyle promised me a big fat juicy sample of meat. Said it would
  ring all my bells!" She put her mouth to Ming's ear and whispered, "At least
  I think  it was your meat he was referring to." Another
  peel of laughter, and she turned away, gliding over to where Lyle was chatting
  with Max.  
Anger roiled Ming's thoughts as she watched Katerina place a friendly hand
  on Lyle's arm as she complimented him on his "brilliant idea" of preserving
  his wife's head. She let her hand slide up and down his arm in an even friendlier
  fashion, ending her little visit with a still more friendly pat on the ass.
  She accepted a cocktail from Candy, who was circulating with the tray, and
  winked back at Lyle in a clear invitation to join her later for further escalation
  of their friendship.  
It occurred to Ming that this must be the hell to which paraplegics are condemned:
  a mind swirling with the thoughts, desires and emotions of the healthy human
  animal pinned atop a body that's essentially dead, kept functioning by a machine.
  In some ways she was more fortunate. Her body was about to be put to good use
  and her frustration would come to an end in hours, rather than dragging on
  for years.  
The Chef had finished basting her body. It shimmered in the mid-day sun with
  a thick coating of her own special sauce. Putting on mitts to protect their
  hands from the heat of the fire, two of the kitchen crew lifted the spit off
  the trestles and carried it the short distance to the roasting pit. They dropped
  the ends of the spit into the U-brackets and it immediately began to roll on
  the ball bearings, seeking a natural balance. They stopped the roll and attached
  a sprocket and chain to the foot end of the skewer, connecting it to the drive
  motor. With the flip of a switch the body began its slow rotation over the
  gas flames and hot coals. It would continue turning all afternoon as the meat
  gradually cooked to perfection. One of the staff would baste it every twenty
  minutes or so with Ming's buttery sauce to make the skin crisp and flavorful &mdash; seared
  to keep the juices in, but not burned.  
It was strangely erotic to watch her body endlessly turning in the fire pit,
  steam rising from the skin. Every curve of it so familiar to her. The pert
  swell of her breasts &mdash; firm, not flopping about as the body made its
  rotations, the nubs of the nipples still proudly erect. How she had loved it
  when Lyle flicked them with his finger or tongue! The smooth tapering of her
  thighs and calves, the dimples in her knees, the trim ankles now sadly missing
  their feet. She could see the top of her slit as the front of her body rotated
  by and remembered the many sweet hours she had spent exploring and exploiting
  the exquisite pleasures hidden within. Yet that same body was abstract now,
  a distant, detached thing. She could already smell the aroma of the sauce mixing
  with the first hints of skin reaching cooking temperature. It was a familiar
  kitchen fragrance, a meat scent she knew well from hours around stoves and
  barbeque grills.  
Candy approached with her cocktail tray.  
"I don't suppose you can drink anything," she said. "I mean, where would
  it go? But maybe you can still taste it. Like a sip?"  
Ming blinked twice. Candy looked confused, then brightened.  
"Oh yeah! You can blink for yes and no, right?"  
Ming blinked once.  
"Wow! Cool. Well, I have to say this is fascinating. I mean, having you here,
  able to talk, sort of, while you cook over there. This is what I'd do, for
  sure. You'll get to be here for the whole thing. Kind of like being at your
  own funeral, only better. No crying and sadness and all that shit. Everyone's
  having a good time and you're the star as well as the main course. But Tad
  wants me to be live spitted, so I guess that's that. It is  very
  exciting to watch and thinking about it gets me all hot, but I should think
  it hurts quite a bit. Thing is, though, Tad says Lyle is working on a way to
  numb the body from the neck down without using drugs, at least during the cooking
  part. Course the girl will only last a half hour or so before the heat kills
  her, but no one hangs around the roasting pit for the whole six hours, right?
  A half hour is all you need. By the way, you did a real good job at that piggyback
  fight this morning. Too bad they paired you with that Amazon. I'm surprised
  Lyle didn't have Tad match you with someone your own size. But he must've had
  his reasons. Shit, he could've . . ."  
She stopped short, a cat-out-of-the-bag look in her eyes.  
"Well, I . . . ah . . . gotta go, hon. See ya later, at dinner."  
She scurried off. Poor Candy. All gorgeous body and no brains, Ming thought.
  Just the opposite of her own situation. Could Lyle have effected the outcome
  of the piggyback battle? If so, why hadn't he? Or maybe he did. Had Lyle tired
  of her already? Had he set her up for an early demise so he could move on to
  fresher meat, bring in Number Four? Why? She looked at her body turning slowly
  over the fire. It wasn't spectacular like Candy's or Katerina's, but it was
  a beautiful body by any reckoning: curved and hilly, soft and hard in all the
  appropriate places. Her skin had been silky, her complexion clear with that
  tawny Asian hue the Caucasian girls spent hours in tanning booths to acquire.
  Maybe she was too dumb for him, unable to carry her weight in his intellectual
  medical crowd with their Harvard degrees and obfuscating jargon. No, more likely
  she was too sharp, too prone to crossing swords with him on matters of politics
  or art. Didn't men tend to prefer women who were not quite up to their mental
  snuff, someone who was just obtuse enough to let them show off their own superiority?
  Could Candy be his next little chickadee with her luscious body? Or worse,
  Katerina! It would be just like that bitch to taunt the outgoing damsel turned
  dinner. But Katerina was already called for, wasn't she? On the other hand,
  it wasn't much of a stretch to picture the well-endowed Ukrainian bombshell
  chucking out Tom in favor of Lyle. Would Millennium allow that? Candy, on the
  other hand, was unattached. But if she and Lyle had been playing bury the sausage,
  it certainly didn't show in the red-dressed blonde's bumbling behavior just
  now.  
Ming itched to confront Lyle about all this, but she didn't know where he
  was. He had disappeared from her range of view. Of course, even if she knew,
  she would not be able to call him over, or bring up the subject, much less
  ask the questions.  
It was at that point that anger and frustration butted heads with reason
  and reality. What the fuck difference did it make? She was already gone. Her
  body was gutted, stuffed and roasting over the fire. Her head was good for
  another few hours, and then it, too, would die, extinguishing her consciousness
  forever. So why fret over how it all happened and who collects the spoils?
  Lyle had sweet-talked her, fucked her and/or fucked her over for the last time.
  The future adventures of Lyle were merely curiosities for her expiring mind.
  She decided to devote these last hours of her existence to enjoying the show
  she had planned and for which she was, after all, the featured attraction.  
If she had expected Lyle to remain by her side during these hours, she had
  been way off the mark. It was two hours before he materialized again before
  her, dripping wet with a towel around his hips, like Adam with a terrycloth
  fig leaf. He had been in the pool and was back to check on whether his machine
  and what was left of his wife were still functioning. Ming found herself reverting
  to her customary reaction to him. She hoped he would doff the towel and grant
  her one last look at his magnificent body in full monty mode. He didn't. Instead,
  he fussed with something under or behind her that caused a strong throb in
  her head, then reappeared in front of her.  
"You seem to be doing well, so far as I can tell. In fact, with some tinkering,
  I might be able to keep you going like this for years. Would you like that?"  
Katerina's taunts had suddenly taken an horrific turn. She blinked her eyes
  twice. Then twice again.  
Lyle laughed. "Okay. Your call, but I had to ask. Most people want to live,
  no matter what. But I can understand where you're coming from. A life of total
  helplessness is not an appealing option. So tonight will be it. You'll be with
  us for the feast, then off to sleep. You may be the last as well as the first
  girl to do this, you know. I think I've found a way to keep a girl alive on
  the spit for almost an hour of roasting or boiling time free of pain, without
  using drugs. It involves a surgical procedure on the spine. She won't get to
  share in the banquet itself, like you, but it should make live spitting and
  boiling much more popular choices. Gotta run, now. I'll check back in a couple
  hours. You look lovely, by the way. I'll bring a mirror next time so you can
  see how beautiful you are on your pedestal."  
He kissed her brow and was off.  
How could she love this man who could not give up a single afternoon of fun
  to be with her during her final hours, who could have helped save her during
  the very first part of her lottery ordeal, but did not? Yet, insane though
  it was, she loved him still.  
Nevertheless, as she watched the Chef's assistant apply yet another coat
  of baste to her body, she could not help but wonder at his earlier failure
  to tell her what he'd been working on. Candy knew about it, and presumably
  others. Why did he keep it from her? Was it because she had pushed so hard
  for him to come up with a way to keep her alive during the entire banquet?
  Did he feel it would simply confuse the issue for her? Or, as Katerina had
  hinted, did he have extended plans for her now that she was helpless to refuse
  his whims?  
Maddeningly, he was true to his word and didn't return for two hours. He
  did bring her compact mirror with him, salvaged from her purse &mdash; an obscenely
  expensive thing he'd given her for the honeymoon trip. (She wondered who would
  inherit that  . It was far too beautiful to throw away
  as part of her disappearance. She hadn't had the heart to ask before. Now she
  couldn't.)  
"Here, Ming, take a look!"  
He held the mirror in front of her face. What she saw was the makings of
  an optical illusion. A head, a perfect replica of hers, seemingly without a
  body, set upon a stainless steel cabinet, the neck hidden by a multiple layer
  of colorful scarves. Surely her body was inside the cabinet. Maybe this whole
  episode was just a bad dream. Lyle would open the cabinet doors and there would
  be the rest of her, ready for a night of fabulous sex, including a little Cherry
  on the side. As if on cue, Lyle opened the cabinet and tilted the mirror so
  she could see for herself. Her body was not there, only a tangle of tubes,
  tanks, pumps, switches and a computer monitor. The reality was that her body
  was still turning on the spit several feet away, rosy red and filling the air
  with the savory odors of roasting meat and Chinese sauces.  
"Neat, huh?" he said.  
She gave him a polite blink. There was no way she could express her doubts.  
Then she noticed that Lyle hadn't come alone. Cherry was clinging to his
  left arm and giggling. They were dressed in their tennis outfits.  
"Hi!" the girl chirped when she saw she had caught Ming's eye. "This is so-o-o-o
  cool! So much better than just chopping it off!" She hugged Lyle's arm. "You're
  a genius, Lyle!"  
Could this frothy fluff of vacuity be the one he had lined up for Number
  Four? Was it possible her brilliant husband of six months was already so bored
  with her that he had arranged to throw the first round of the lottery in hopes
  of hastening the day he could switch to this demi-child less than half his
  age? She recalled his instant enthusiasm for her suggestion of a threesome.  
As if reading her mind, Lyle said, "Remember that lovely two-on-one you set
  up for tonight with you, me and Cherry? Well, you'll be happy to know that
  Cherry has agreed to go on with it anyway, in your honor. It won't be the same
  without you, of course, but she's found someone willing to stand in for you.
  You'll be there too, in a way. Your body will be in our tummies and your head
  will be proudly on display."  
"It will be so-o-o cool!" Cherry gushed, oblivious to her lack of originality.  
"So, anyway," Lyle said, "what do you think of how you look? Not bad for
  a gal whose body has been cooking over a low fire for three hours, right?"  
In fact, she looked frightfully wan. Whatever that machine under her was
  doing, it was not enough. So how should she answer him? Yes  ,
  I'm still alive thanks to your miracle; or No  , I'm a
  horror movie caricature of my former self. Before she could decide on one blink
  or two, Cherry piped up again.  
"We gotta hurry, Lyle. We're gonna be late."  
"Okay." He patted Cherry's ass. "By the way, Ming, thought you'd like to
  know, I've gotten a lot of positive feedback on this. I mean, there have been
  other girls who've had their tits and ass and limbs amputated to be cooked
  and eaten while they watched, but you're the first one to do it as a whole
  body roast. Hey listen, Cherry and I have a doubles match to get to, but we'll
  be back for the banquet. See you then, sweetheart."  
They rushed off. Lyle charging full bore into his new life before hers was
  even completely snuffed. Another hour slipped by. And another. The kitchen
  staff began to spread linen on the tables and lay out the china and silverware.
  Ming was beginning to feel a little sleepy. Probably the toxins Lyle had mentioned.
  Building up. She fought it off. She had gone through all this to be at her
  banquet and she was determined to see it through.  
Then an all too familiar figure came sauntering into view. Katerina, cocktail
  in hand, and from the looks of the slight misalignment of her steps, it was
  far from her first. She came directly toward Ming sporting her usual smirk
  and wearing a minimal top consisting of a band of cloth draped around the back
  of her neck and crossing in front to form a belt at her waist, providing a
  perilously unstable covering for her frontal globes. It would take only the
  briefest inattention to good posture for those glorious beauties to escape
  their silken captivity and, knowing Katerina, they had probably already had
  several tumbles into the open air already.  
"Well, look who's still with us," she cooed as she drew close. "You are still
  here, aren't you sweetie? Yes, I can see your eyes move. I've always envied
  you those eyes. Black as pitch. No pupils, just deep, black holes into the
  abyss." She took a sip, her gaze boring into Ming's eyes. Searching for a clue
  to her thoughts? "I saw that gorgeous boyfriend of yours talking to you a while
  ago. Him and Cherry. Did he tell you I'm standing in for you tonight?"  
Ming tried not to react to this news, but apparently her effort was not successful.  
"Oh, oh. I see that he didn't. Poor Ming. He didn't tell you, did he."  
A statement, not a question. She blinked twice.  
"Guess he must've forgotten, huh? Well, it's true. I'm your stand-in, although
  I don't plan to be standing much. I've been itching to do the dirty with your
  hunky boyfriend ever since I first clapped eyes on him. I never thought he'd
  turn you into dinner this quickly, though."  
Another sip. Katerina's smile grew even more lopsided. "What? You thought
  these lotteries are all on the up and up? You're quite the little Chinese gull,
  aren't you sweetie? You must have figured out by now that your piggyback battle
  was a complete mismatch. I bet you even thought all those slippery little hankies
  were placed equally for all of us, didn't even notice that they'd practically
  shoved Ashley's up her tight little twat. And those copper disks? Did you really
  think there was any way you could run that stretch without getting burned?
  Shit, hon, they program that computer. How hard do you think it is to make
  sure you get a hotfoot and a fried tit? The only part of the deal they couldn't
  rig was the dart throw. That was pure chance; we all had the same odds. You
  fucked yourself with your own dart, sweetie. Course, Lyle did tell me he was
  surprised you could hit the target at all, you being such a soft, uncoordinated
  little marshmallow. Shit, you're so dumb, I bet you even think your marriage
  was real."  
Ming glared at her. She didn't want to hear any more. But there was no way
  to stop Katerina, who simply laughed at her and took another sip.  
"Fuck, hon, don't you know the Millennium Group don't allow Members to bring
  their wives here? Think about it: if a wife disappears, the first &mdash; and
  usually the only  &mdash; person the cops suspect is the
  husband. Hell, Lyle had that precious marriage certificate of yours drawn up
  by one of Lenny's contacts. You look aghast. Well, ask yourself this: has Lyle
  ever formally introduced you to anyone as his wife? Outside of here, I mean.
  Think about it some more. Small, low key ceremony &mdash; in other words, secret  .
  One witness, a Millennium Member. Nice trip for just the two of you with lots
  of sun, surf and sex; in your mind, a honeymoon. For others? A hot couple sneaking
  off for sex, sex and sex. So what do we have? Fake certificate. Fake Justice
  of the Peace. Fake wedding. Fake honeymoon. Fake marriage."  
She waited for Ming to respond, but Ming, her mind in a savage turmoil, only
  stared back at her.  
"And just to make sure, there's already a letter ready for mailing, signed
  by your computer-copied signature, that tells your family how glad you are
  that you two never actually married because great sex turned out to be not
  enough for either of you, especially given his insatiable need to womanize.
  So you're off to some Godforsaken place in mainland China to hunt down your
  family tree. Unfortunately, you'll never return. Those damn Asians; just can't
  trust 'em. Probably kidnaped you and sold you into slavery in some Thai sex
  factory."  
Katerina tapped Ming's nose, as if she were a pet poodle. "Well, hon, it
  was nice knowing you. And you smell absolutely yum! You're making me hungry
  as hell. Can't wait to chow you down. I'll think about you when Lyle's gun
  is inside me tonight, all cocked and ready to fire."  
One of Katerina's boobs had peeked out behind the strip of cloth. She tucked
  it back in and ambled off.  
Ming's paradigm of world order was crashing down around her. Lyle had lied
  to her about everything. He had not actually condemned her to death &mdash; she
  had done that with her own dart &mdash; but, if Katerina were to be believed,
  he'd made sure she reached that final leg of the lottery. And it was true,
  he had been strangely circumspect about who they told of their marriage. For
  tax purposes, he had said. What did she know about the complex tax problems
  of doctors? Part of her knew she should be incensed about all this. But a growing
  part of her didn't seem to care much any more.  
As her two parts struggled to sort themselves out, the gong sounded.  
She looked over at her carcass. The cooks were lifting it from the roasting
  pit &mdash; the skin glistening red and crisp, dripping with fat and juices.
  They set it down on a long metal platter and began snipping the wires that
  restrained the arms and pinned the legs to the spit. As soon as the limbs were
  free, the Chef started capping the wrist and ankle stumps with festive ruffled
  paper frills. At the same time, other members of his staff began carrying side
  dishes in from the kitchen to the three tables which were already dressed with
  linen cloths and elegant place settings of china and silver. Since Ming had
  planned this banquet around a Chinese theme, chop sticks had also been laid
  out for the purists. The platters were heaped with vegetables and fruits, the
  tureens filled with traditional Chinese soups and sauces. Covered silver chargers
  were brought out which Ming knew contained hot sausages made from the meat
  of her organs.  
The twelve Members and guests began arriving and choosing their tables as
  the Chef and his assistants began extracting the spit shaft from the carcass.
  When it had been removed, the Chef picked up a small apple and approached Ming's
  head. To her surprise, he carefully spread her jaws open and pushed the apple
  between her teeth. The severing of her neck had left her with practically no
  strength in her jaw and tongue, so she could neither bite down on the apple
  nor push it out. This was not something she had planned and at first she was
  deeply mortified as the dining crowd laughed and applauded. But it came to
  her that this was appropriate and inevitable. Had she been roasted with her
  head still on her body, this is exactly what the Chef would have done. So she
  would die with an apple in her mouth. So what? There were worse things.  
Like Lyle's betrayal.  
As the diners attacked the many appetizers the Chef and his assistants armed
  themselves with long carving knives and began slicing into the carcass. For
  Ming it was an extraordinary sensation to watch the knives systematically carve
  her body into slices of hot meat. Within a few minutes both her rumps and the
  backs of her legs were carved down to white bones. Then they went after the
  sirloin and tenderloin cuts around her waist. When that was gone and her spine
  visible, they turned the body over. The sutures holding the belly together
  were severed in a single slash and the slabs of abdominal meat sliced free.
  The stuffing was scooped out and loaded into four bowls, one for each table.
  The shank meat was stripped from the arms, leaving only bare bones.  
The final items to be removed were reserved for the Chef's personal attention.
  He moved to her breasts and with fewer than half a dozen strokes sliced off
  both nipples and then the entire breasts, right down to the ribs. The nipples
  were placed in a small serving dish. One breast was sliced in half and served
  on carving boards to Tables Two and Three. The other breast was served whole
  to Table One. Moving south, the Chef carefully carved the labia from below
  the mound of Venus, placing them in a dish along with the two nipples. By then
  all Ming's meat had been distributed to the four tables on heaping platters
  and all that remained was the formal presentation of these special treats to
  the Member of Honor at Table One. The Chef, who always reserved this Grand
  Finale for himself, handed over the small dish of crispy nipples and cunt lips
  to Lyle with a flourish, basking in the enthusiastic applause from the rest
  of the banqueters.  
Ming had been so engrossed in the carving of her body that she had ignored
  the noisy revelers at the tables. Now, however, her attention was focused on
  Table One and it's preening Member of Honor. Lyle was making a show of selecting
  one of the nipples, inserting it delicately into his mouth and biting down
  on it with a crunch. He gave an approving, "Mmm," as he chewed it up and swallowed
  it. He turned his eyes on Ming and winked at her, smiling. Those ice blue eyes
  had always before turned her belly to jelly. Now, nothing. Was it because she
  no longer had the adrenalin to fire up a rush? Or was it that separating her
  brain from her sex organs had finally cleared her mind?  
Lyle magnanimously offered the second crispy teat to the Lottery Master.
  His co-conspirator? Tad chewed it up and licked his lips. Good to know she
  was tasty.  
Lyle hoisted the dish still containing her cunt lips. "I'll save these little
  devils for dessert," he announced to a round of chuckles.  
"I thought I was dessert," someone said. A girl's voice.  
Lyle bent down to the person on his right. It was Cherry.  
"A man should have as many desserts as he likes, don't you think? And as
  often!"  
He licked his tongue across Cherry's lips and she giggled. "Besides," he
  said, "I frequently enjoyed this particular part of Ming for dessert. It's
  a tradition. And now I don't even have to be careful of how hard I bite."  
More laughter! He glanced over at Ming with a big smile. A few hours ago
  she might even have appreciated the joke, even stuck atop this cabinet with
  an apple in her mouth.  
Everyone was digging in, now. The cooks had come to each table and sliced
  the breasts into equal portions (small portions, she couldn't help but notice)
  except for Lyle, who got the extra quarter tit. Gentleman that he was, however,
  he divided that extra segment among all four banqueters at his table &mdash; one
  of whom, Ming suddenly realized, was Katerina. She and Cherry had started out
  facing each other across the table, as had Tom and Lyle. But as the banquet
  went on and the meat disappeared and the wine flowed, both females had somehow
  edged toward each other around the curved perimeter of the table, gradually
  sandwiching Lyle. Tom must have noticed this himself, but obviously didn't
  care. Katerina, well lubricated at this point from the many earlier sips of
  Candy's drinks, kept rocking with gales of laughter and tossing her blond hair
  around, resulting in numerous cameo appearances of her tits. Cherry, whose
  teenage inhibitions put up even less resistance to the fruit of the vine, soon
  abandoned all efforts at subtlety and kept punctuating her reactions to Lyle's
  jokes with blatant grabs at his crotch. Of the four, only Katerina made it
  a point to keep track of Ming's responses to all this, glancing frequently
  over her shoulder at the amusing sight of the severed head with the apple in
  its mouth and a tortured look in its eyes.  
Just as the kitchen crew rolled out the dessert cart, Lyle stood, picked
  up the dish containing Ming's cunt lips and strolled over to her head.  
"It's dessert time! I'm sure you all agree that Ming planned an unusual and
  delight filled menu for us, topped off by meat that was absolutely delicious!" Hoots
  of approval and applause. "Now it's time for the ceremonial closure snack.
  Just as we give our darlings a kiss in the beginning to turn them into meat,
  we feast upon their most sacred part at the end to absorb their memory into
  our bodies and hearts forever."  
One at a time, he held up each lip in front of her eyes, popped it into his
  mouth and chewed it up with an audible crunching.  
"So when do you snuff her?" a male voice asked. "I mean, there ain't much
  left of her. Just a head and some leftovers."  
"Which will make some great sandwiches, hash and stew," the chef shouted
  from the kitchen doorway.  
Lyle waited for the general laughter and commotion to settle down. "Sorry
  to disappoint you but I'm going to let nature takes its course. I need to find
  out how long a head can last on this machine. As a guess, though, I figure
  she'll be gone by midnight at the latest. If you really want to see her die,
  you'll have to join Cherry, Katerina and me tonight in my suite where we'll
  be keeping tabs on her. On second thought, it would be better if you wait and
  watch the video clip in the gallery."  
He winked and the banquet hall broke out in lewd commentaries as everyone
  began to disperse, Lyle among them, his two new female conquests hanging on
  his arms.  
No one bothered to take the apple out of Ming's mouth.  
She watched as the staff cleared the tables, scraping the scraps from the
  plates into garbage bags and dumping the platter leftovers into a single container
  to be recycled for lunches and future meals. Sleep began to fuzz her thoughts
  again and this time she did not resist. Except that she was jarred awake again
  as the cabinet began to roll. Someone was pushing her out of the Banquet Hall
  and through the corridors that led to the suite she had occupied with Lyle.
  There were a couple of pauses as her life support system was unplugged from
  one electrical extension and plugged into another.  
Eventually she was rolled into the room she had shared with Lyle. Forward
  movement came to a stop about six feet from the side of the bed where they
  had made love the night before. The closet door was open and all her clothes
  were gone. So far as she could tell, nothing of hers remained in the suite
  at all, not even her purse and luggage. Whoever had pushed her into the room
  was no longer to be heard. She seemed to be alone. It wasn't long before she
  began to succumb again to a growing need for sleep.  
But then the door to the room crashed open again and she heard the entry
  of the three people with whom she was apparently about to spend her last hour.
  Cherry was the first to come within view as she ran toward the bed and jumped
  on it, bouncing up and down and laughing. Quite drunk now. Lyle was right behind
  her, grabbing her ankles, tipping her over backwards to the mattress, spreading
  her legs and diving to her crotch. He took her thong in his teeth and pulled
  it up over her legs, whipping his head back and forth like a dog killing a
  freshly captured squirrel, until he ripped it off her. She giggled hysterically.  
Katerina came within sight, smiling at the roughhousing on the bed, then
  turned to face Ming. "Lyle," she said, still watching Ming. "Can you lower
  this contraption a bit?"  
"Sure thing, honey tits," he said, and jumped up off the bed to tinker with
  something at the side of the cabinet.  
Ming saw the floor coming closer to her.  
"Stop there," Katerina ordered, and the downward movement stopped. Ming's
  eyes were now at the level of her breasts. She moved closer. Just a few inches
  away.  
Oh great!  Ming thought. Now I get to admire
      her fabulous boobs. Doesn't she realize I don't give a shit anymore?   
Katerina gently pulled the apple out of Ming's mouth, studied it a moment,
  then placed it between her own teeth and bit slowly into it. She chewed up
  the fragment and swallowed it, tossing the rest of the apple on the carpet.
  Moving in slow motion, she hooked her fingers under the strips of cloth that
  cris-crossed her bosom and pulled them aside.  
Okay. Huge, perfect tits. So what? Go play with Lyle and Cherry.
      They'll still appreciate them.   
Using her left hand to pull down Ming's jaw, Katerina pushed her right teat
  into Ming's mouth and rubbed it back and forth across her tongue. Then did
  the same with her left breast. "Like that?" she asked. "Don't think I don't
  know you like girls, because I saw you with Jade on your first visit. You two
  were really getting it on! You could've got a taste of this if you hadn't been
  so stingy with your boy toy. And look where that got you. Now I've got him
  whenever I want. Most likely he'll become Cherry's sponsor and she don't care
  who she shares him with." She leaned into Ming's ear. "But even if he brings
  in new meat, it don't matter. By the time I'm finished with him tonight, I'll
  be all he can think about." She straightened up. "He's already forgotten about
  you, now that your tits and pussy are all fried up and eaten."  
Katerina gasped as Lyle suddenly jumped up behind her and grabbed her by
  her exposed breasts.  
"Now these  are some humongous melons!" he said. "Yours
  were firm and succulent, Ming, just as you predicted, but these babies are
  in a whole different class of sexy! In fact, the hell with waiting till they're
  cooked! I want to find out how succulent they are right now! Get out of those
  clothes, woman, and get on the bed. I need to succulent them right now!"  
Katerina made no attempt to obey, instead backed up into him, unbuckling
  his belt and zipping down his pants as they backed up against the bed and fell
  on to it. The next several minutes were a giddy circus of ripping clothes,
  tumbling bodies, wet tongues and laughter that was half frolic, half sexual
  tension. Soon they were all naked. The two females worked his body and love-shaft
  mercilessly while he returned the delightful torment with an abundance of brief
  and shallow implantations in all the proffered orifices. Then, without preamble,
  he sprang off the bed, held them off with both hands and made an announcement.  
"As a going away gift to Ming, who generously gave us all a special dining
  experience tonight, including her entire body to feast on, I have decided to
  let her go out feasting on a part of me. So as not to waste my cum, however,
  since she cannot swallow, I will allow her only to bring me to the edge. Then
  I will transfer to one of you."  
"Which one?" they asked in unison.  
"The one who earns it." He reached under the bed and brought up a cane. "The
  one who asks for and actually receives the most strokes of this cane, strokes
  to be delivered by the one who loses the bid."  
The two eyed each other. Ming kept herself awake. She wanted to see this.  
He reached in the drawer of the nearest bedside table and pulled out two
  pads of paper and two pencils, giving one each to Katerina and Cherry.  
"Now, write down the largest number of strokes you think you can handle,
  along with your initial; then hand the paper to me."  
Both women eyed each other again, turned away from each other and wrote on
  the pad. They passed the sheets to Lyle.  
"Interesting. Cherry says she can deal with ten strokes. But Katerina believes
  she can endure twenty. Very well. Katerina wins the bid. If she is able to
  last through twenty strokes from Cherry without begging off, she will receive
  my cum. Otherwise, it goes to Cherry." He handed the younger girl the cane. "Katerina,
  bend over the arms of that chair and hold on to the chair legs. If you let
  go or ask to stop, you lose."  
Looking distinctly unhappy, Katerina slid off the bed and walked to the chair
  in question. It was a wooden captain's chair with slightly curved wooden arm
  rests. She stood beside the chair, thinking about it for a moment, then sighed

  and draped herself over the arm rests, one supporting her pelvis at the point
  where her legs began, the other holding her top end up by the armpits as she
  reached down to grab the chair's legs. An uncomfortable position, but soon
  to be the least of her discomforts.  
Armed now with the cane and looking determined to end this quickly, Cherry
  ambled over the chair, appraised the raised naked rump, drew back and struck
  it as hard as she could. Katerina's first reaction was to look stunned at the
  loudness of the smack, then as the pain seared in a half second later she screamed
  and bucked on the chair. Shocked somewhat by what she had wrought, Cherry backed
  off and gaped at the now weeping Katerina and the dark purple welt rising on
  her butt. And that was only the first blow. Suddenly infused with a heady feeling
  of power, she stepped back up to the chair, reached back with the cane and
  delivered another blow with all her strength to Katerina's pale bottom. Another
  slight delay, then Katerina howled in agony, leapt off the chair and tumbled
  to the floor, wailing and writhing as the pain roared through her body.  
"No! No!" she screamed. "I can't stand it! Please, no more!"  
Cherry seemed to fold in on herself at the sight of the distraught Katerina
  and the second purple wheal rising on her previously flawless rump. But guilt
  gave way to a feeling of triumph as she remembered the promised spoils of her
  victory.  
Lyle chortled and lowered Ming's cabinet as far as it would go. Her mouth
  was now directly opposite his engorged manhood. Knowing her mouth would have
  dried out by now, he pried her jaws open with one hand and sprayed the inside
  with an aerosol can of canola oil from the same bedside drawer. Then he pushed
  himself into the mouth, still holding it open to avoid cutting himself on her
  teeth, and began a slow thrusting, gradually picking up speed. As he felt his
  orgasm approaching, he leaned into Ming's ear and whispered, "Don't worry,
  sweetheart. Katerina will get hers, and soon. She doesn't know it, but her
  luck is about to run out and her end will not be pleasant. No matter what that
  bitch told you, I love you and I always have." At that point he withdrew and
  turned to the bed where Cherry was waiting for him, on her back, legs spread
  wide.  
Katerina knelt by the bed, sniffling, watching, gently rubbing her sore ass.  
Ming smiled to herself, closed her eyes and went to sleep.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C. A. Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





