BDSM Library - Who Said Pain is a Bad Thing?




Who Said Pain is a Bad Thing?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One of my more extreme torture experiences I've had. First, Tracy is tied and forced to endure some rough sex. Then she moves on to a more bondage oriented torture involving a crotch rope. Most things that she experienced was with her dominant partner was done with concent from both parties.Who said pain is a bad thing?  
Hi my name is Tracy K., I want to keep my last name hidden to hide my full
  identity, but I'll tell you a little about myself. I am 23 year old, a Korean
  girl, height 5'1, 32b-22-32 is my measurements and I weigh 110lbs. so I am
  petite, and I live in southern California. I am a submissive and I play with
  a dominant partner named Reno who is a white master but I don't consider him
  as my master since I don't consider myself as a slave. We have bondage sessions
  about once a week. My bondage sessions are usually similar if not the same
  every time but my sessions with Reno are very intense. I am really into rough
  sex and crotch rope suspensions. So moving on to my bondage session!!  
Reno and I call each other up to plan a specific date to tie me up. The next
  date we set was February 12, 2005. On that Saturday, I went over to his house
  and we first discussed what he is going to do to me and describe the whole
  session together and after we were done, we went down to his basement which
  he made into his own personal dungeon. I brought my own equipment as usual
  since I prefer to use my own gear and materials. Now that we were at his basement,
  I took off all my clothes and I started to get all my gear out (obviously we
  like to go straight to business!!).  
 First, I put on my leather collar on which has 4 metal rings around it (on
  the front, sides, and back). Next, I put on my leather bondage belt that has
  a metal ring on the front and on the back. Next, I put leather bracelets on
  my left and right wrists (these leather bracelets have 1 metal ring on them).
  Then Reno got a thin linked chain and with my hands behind my back, he pulled
  one end of the chain through my left bracelet's ring then my right bracelet's
  ring then the metal ring on the back of my collar and tightly secured and locked
  the chain with a master lock, so now my hands were cuffed behind my back and
  connected to my collar with a chain. Finally he asks me if I am ready, and
  I say yes, and he ties a ball gag in my mouth. One reason is so that I can't
  beg him to stop, since I probably would because of the pain!! And the other
  reason is because we don't want the neighbor to hear my screams.  
Now the scenario starts. On this day, we decided I was going to be a captured
  Korean girl in a war, and I was being interrogated, and after not speaking
  a word and giving out any information, I was going to be tortured. Reno says "so
  you don't want to talk ehh?," and he grabbed me by the hair and forcefully
  slammed my head to a square wooden table and says to stay bent over or else..
  He spreads my leg and he takes out two metal hand cuffs and cuffs my left ankle
  on the left leg of the table and does the same to my right ankle and cuffs
  it to the right leg of the table. Now I'm bending over on a table with my legs
  spread open with my hands tied behind my back which is tightly connected to
  my neck collar. Oh you guessed it; I'm going to get a hard fucking. Even though
  we already discussed our bondage session and I know what is going to happen,
  it doesn't mean it isn't going to hurt! Reno's cock is about 8 inches long,
  and I am a petite girl standing at 5'1. Reno put on a condom and says "let's
  see if you want to talk after this bitch."(He puts on a condom because we don't
  want to get messy and also so he can fuck me rough for a longer period of time).  
 Reno knows it hurts me, so he slowly inserts his cock into my vagina, and
  he started to say derogatory words to humiliate me. He says "you slut" and "bitch" while
  he would shove his dick in me. After about a minute or two, I'm a little more
  loosened up so he starts to speed up and gets a little rougher. With his left
  hand, he pushes my back down so I stay bent over, and with his right hand he
  grabs and starts pulling my hair. Now it starts to get intense. I start breathing
  faster and moan through my ball gag. He continues on and says, "Do you feel
  that bitch!!!" and I start making louder moans as he starts getting rougher
  and rougher. He starts ramming his cock as deep as it can go, hard and fast
  while he is pulling my hair and I start screaming but the sound is muffled
  with the ball gag in place. Good thing that nobody outside can hear. After
  about 10 minutes or so, he takes a short break, and I'm breathing heavily and
  shaking because of the pain. Reno says, "Hell yea! You deserve that you slut." And
  after about a 2 minute break, he comes back for round 2. I'm just sweaty from
  all the struggling from the first round but here we went again. He yanks my
  hair back and starts shoving his cock in me again, the pain rushes through
  my body instantly. I'm thinking to myself "DAMN this hurts! But at the same
  time it is just so exciting" He slaps my face hard a few times and pushes my
  face down on the table while he is just ravaging me. After about 15 minutes,
  we are both just out of breath and sweaty and he says lets finish this up and
  he cums with the condom on. And he gets the hose to wash him self off quickly.  
Reno un-cuffed my legs from the table but left my other restraints on and
  so I just laid on the floor to rest for a bit. He took off my ball gag and
  said to me "do you want to give me information now?" (When we discussed earlier
  what we would do during my bondage session, we decided after the rough sex,
  if I was still okay for more bondage, then that was the question I had to answer
  with a yes or no according to the role playing.) I replied, "No, I won't tell
  you anything." And so it has been decided, I was in for one more intense but
  different type of punishment. Reno then put my ball gag back on. Now it was
  too late to turn back since I couldn't say anything. A quick reminder of the
  position I was in, my hands were cuffed behind my back with a thin short chain
  connected to my neck collar. This time my punishment was going to be a crotch
  rope suspension: A pussy torture.  
 In the dungeon, there was a big hook in the middle of the room and Reno
  was able to press a button to lift or lower the hook and so I was standing
  right under the hook. He got a long rope, not too thick and not too thin, and
  he tied one end of the rope very securely to the hook. He then took the loose
  end of the rope and pulled it through the metal ring on the back side of my
  neck collar and down through the back ring on my leather belt and then he pulled
  the rope between/through my legs and then up through the metal ring in front
  of the belt, then the rope when through the front metal ring on my collar.
  Reno then tied that end of the rope very securely to the hook above and cut
  off the remaining rope. Then he put a leg spreader bar on my ankles. He went
  over to where the buttons were to lift the hook. As you can see, if the hook
  starts to go, the rope between my cunt well start to get tighter, and I would
  be ridding the rope like a saddle. He pushes the button to lift the hook and
  slowly it goes up and I am quickly forced on my tiptoes. He stops there, and
  I am thinking to myself oh shit this is going to hurt. Here I am, I'm wearing
  a ball gag, my hands are tied behind my back, my legs are spread from the leg
  spread bar, and my whole body is about to be suspended in the air with only
  the rope between my cunt to support me in mid air. And Reno says, "Are you
  ready?" (Like I'm ready =\ ) and then presses the button and the hook is lifted
  up higher and higher&hellip;.  
Now my feet are completely off the floor and my whole body was suspended
  in mid air and the only thing that was supporting my whole body weight (110
  pounds) was the crotch rope!!! At first, I try to endure it quietly but I think
  to myself it is getting a bit too painful just after a minute!! So now I start
  to make painful moan sounds and I start to kick around though I am limited
  since I have the leg spread bar on and so Reno says, "You're moving too much," and
  so he gets a rope and ties it to the middle of my spread leg bar and ties the
  other end to 35 pounds of weight, but the rope was long enough to keep the
  35 pounds of weight on the floor so there was no use for me to struggle because
  it would cause more weight to crush my pussy from the rope if I struggled and
  lifted the weights off the floor. Reno says, "How do you like that bitch? You
  don't want to talk? Fine with me&hellip;. Take this for a while." Now I am
  really starting to feel the pain as the rope is deep in my cunt. I moan loud
  as I can through the ball gag because of the pain and breathe heavily. Reno
  then says, "You'll talk sooner or later, I hope it's later." After about 20
  minutes of hanging in pain from the crotch rope, he stops and grabs a chair
  and stands on it right in front of me and takes off my ball gag and says, "Do
  you want to talk now?" (This was again what we discussed earlier; I was to
  answer according to the question which would be the deciding factor if I were
  to be let down or to keep on being tortured.) I thought about it for a moment
  and I answered, "Shut up, I'll never talk." And then he put the ball gag back
  in my mouth.  
 Reno walked over to where the button was that controlled the hook and said, "You
  asked for it." He pushed the button and the hook was rising up again and the
  30 pounds of weight that was tied my spread leg bar was lifted off the floor.
  Keep in mind, I weigh 110 pounds and now 30 pounds were added which was a total
  of 140 pounds that was all supported by the one piece of rope between my cunt!!
  I think to my self "Oh my gosh!! This is insanely painful!!." Reno then walked
  behind me with a whip and started to whip my butt left and right pretty hard
  screaming at me "you stupid piece of trash!!" My whole body is sweaty because
  the crotch rope is just so painful and I was forced to endure it and I am just
  moaning with every lash my ass was taking. My mind is just going wild with
  excitement of the sexual pain I am forced to endure and the feel of being kidnapped
  and interrogated. It was a mixture of ultimate pleasure but also unbearable
  pain!!! After he whipped me for about 10 minutes, he walks towards me and slaps
  my face pretty hard and walks up the stairs and turns off the lights and closes
  the door. I was just scared out of my mind!!! In such a position, my pussy
  being crushed by the rope and the lights were turned off and what a rush it
  was. After another 10 minutes have passed in the dark, I think to myself that
  the peak of my sexual excitement has just passed, and even though it's excruciatingly
  painful while bringing pleasure to me, it was just too much for me to bear
  but I was forced to endure it. Finally Reno came back and turned the lights
  on, but I couldn't say a word to him because of the ball gag, and I was just
  exhausted but I was still continuing my moans of pain and he starts to whip
  my butt again!!! And after 10 minutes he grabs the chair and stands in front
  of me again and takes off my ball gag and asks&hellip;.."Now do you have something
  I need to know?" and I said, "Yes I do!!! Please let me down please," I begged
  him.  
 He quickly lowered the hook and cut off the ropes and un-cuffed the leg
  spread bar and unlocked the master lock that connected the chain from my leather
  wrists to my collar. Finally I was free. He carried me upstairs and laid me
  on his sofa and got me some water and I just laid there and rested for about
  20 minutes. I got dressed and after a little bit of small talk, I went home.
  This was very satisfying day indeed. But this was one of my more extreme experiences
  I've had, most of the time; my sessions are usually only like 30 minutes. I
  hoped you enjoyed it as much as I have!! If you have any questions or comments
  please email me at bound33@hotmail.com =)~
  cya 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tracy K


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





