BDSM Library - The Life of Amber Gleason




The Life of Amber Gleason
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Story of a young women exploring her sexual fantasy's, who quickly finds out there her most frightning nightmares.
                           The Life of Amber Gleason

Part 1: The auction



Amber stared at the small computer screen in front of her unsure whether or not
to hit the submit button on the questionair.  The last couple of weeks Amber's
fantasys have began to get the better of her.  She was no longer happy with them
being only fantasys, she wanted them to become reality.  For as long as she
could remember she has had thoughts of being treated like a sexual devient,
treated like the ultamit sex toy; she would stay up till the we hours of the
morning sometimes rubbing herself raw, her mind raceing with thoughts of ropes,
whips, clips, and chains.  But tonight Amber had decided to do something about
it, tonight she was putting herself on a website for funloveing adults who were
looking for other funloveing adults to share intamate encounters.  So she
clicked on the submit button and retired to her bedroom for anouther long
masturbation session.



She awoke the next morning, her mind still fresh from her dreams of sexual
delights she clicked on the compute and watched it boot up.  She decided to
check and see if anyone had replied to her posting.  She knew that eventualy
somebody would, she had included a picture with her add and to tell you the gods
honest truth, she was a knockout.  She was about 5'10" 95lbs,  with long shiney
black hair that hung to the small of her back.  Her breasts she thought could be
bigger, but most guys didin't seem to mind, in fact she had herd one guy tell
her that anymore than a handfull was to much.  She loged onto the website to
find that someone had allready replied to her add.  Before she even clicked on
the read messege icon she began to get excited and her hand slipped down into
her moist pantys.  Than the message poped up and she was suprised to find it
very short. She expected it to be a lengthy reply containing all the information
she would require about the man she would have dominate her.  But instead she
just got a short, basic reply that said "tonight, mall parking lot 2:00am, D
section" and that was all.  She was not quite sure what to make of it so she
just shut off the computer and made some tea.



Most of the day she didin't even think about the reply to her add but that night
she found the small and simple message was the only thing on her mind.  She
found it so simple that she began to let her imagination get the better of her. 
She began to think about all the wild and crazy things this mysterious
individual would do to her and when 1:30am came around she had decided to go to
the parking lot.  She wasen't possitive on how she should dress for such an
occasion, being a shy and quite girl she didin't have any sexy cloths.  In the
end she had seddled for a pair of tight blue jeans and a tight t-shirt
displaying her navel.  In a feat of lust she quickly removed her bra and pantys. 
At 1:45am she was off to embark on her new life.



She arrived at the parking lot at exactly 2:00am, the parking lot was completly
desserted and she began to think the the reply to her add was all a joke when a
car pulled up beside her and the interior light came on.  When she looked inside
she could see a man, he was tall, short blound hair and he was jestering for her
to get in his car.  Excited and nervous she got out and stepped into the mans
car.  He quickly began to drive away and as she looked at him more closly she
could see that he had a scar running from his temple down to his neck.  He
looked like a mean, crazy bad ass that you see on the movies.  She began to get
more nervouse and scared than excited, not just because he looked mean but
because he didin't talk, he just drove and smoked his cigerettes.  After a
couple of minuettes Amber had worked up enough courage to brake the silence.

"So,Whats your name?" she asked

The man with the scar just quickly turned his head towards her and said in a
calm but harsh tone "look bitch, your not here to talk, your here to make me
money, now you can sit there and be quite or I can tie you down and put the gag
on you."

Amber wasen't sure if the man was serious or playing so she decied to ask
anouther question and see what would happen.

"How do you plan to make money of of me?"

The man quickly pulled the car over to the side of the road, Amber could see now
that the man was irate and that the question she asked was now probebly a bad
idea.  He got out of the car reached in a grabed a handfull of Ambers long black
hair and draged her out the drivers side.  Ambers feelings of excitement quickly
turned into feelings of fear.  She was not sure what he was going to do but from
what she gathered it wasen't going to be good.

"You know what the best part of driving down sideroads at two thirty in the
morning is bitch?"

Amber didin't say anything she just stood there trembling trying to free her
hair from the man's tight grip

"You don't know?" he continued "well I'll tell you, no ones going to here or see
us"

and he quickly threw her against the hood of the car.  She tried to turn around
but he quickly had a hold of her arms and in a few seconds he had them ducked
taped from the elbows to the wrist behind her back.  with her chest resting on
the hood of the car and her arms tied tightly behind her she began to plead with
the man, she was now crying, desperatly trying to get the man to stop but all he
said was

"I can see I need this"  and he began to put a large orenge ball gag her and
soon Amber could only make muffled sounds.

Amber could feel her jeans being unbuttoned and then her pants being pulled off.

"Now" he said "lets give you a feel for why you came here tonight."

Amber could feel something near her rectum, then suddenly with a quick thrust
the man with the scar drove his penis deep into Ambers ass.  Amber had never
done anything anal before and she could feel her rectum being torn.  The man
with the scar was well indowed and he was pounding Amber hard.  She was
screaming as loud as she could but all that was herd was muffled sounds, she
could feel her bowls giveing way, she tried to hold it but it was of no use her
bowls quickly let loose.

"You bitch" she herd the man with the scar yell. 

Again he grabed her hair and pulled her off the car than forced her to her
knees.  She could see his large erect penis covered in scat staring her directly
in the face.  she could see her urine running down the mans hairy leg.

"Somebodey's going to have to clean this up and it ain't going to be me, wich
means im going to take of the gag, you make a noise and all you will feel for
the rest of your life is excruteating pain."

He quickly took the ball gag off then looked down at Amber and smiled

"Now" he said "lick it off"

Amber shhok her head no, and the man pulled what looked like a long pipe from
behind his back, than thrust it into her side.  Amber quickly realized after the
electricity shot through her bodey that the item was not a pipe butt a cattle
prod.

"Now get licking" he said.

Amber began by slowly licking the urine off the mans hairy leg, she could taste
the bitter urine on her tounge. She huridly licked it off and then spat it out
her sobs causing her chest to bob up and down as she orraly cleaned her fecies
and piss off the man with the scar.  She felt anouther surge of electricity run
through her body as she was poked once againe with the prod.

"Now clean the shit off my dick, so we can get to the auction, were going to be
late as it is."

Very relectently Amber begen to suck the mans dick feeling her mouth fill up
with shit as she did.

"That's a good bitch, your going to make me a bundle"

The taste of her own shit was absouloutly disgusting, and she could feel her
stomach muscles rejecting the awfull taste she began to gag.  She then threw up,
she couldent help it her vile was running down her chin and all over the front
of herself.

"Jesus, you are a stuped bitch aren't you?, your going to need a complete
cleaning when we get to the auction house.  looks like you will be spending the
rest of the trip in the trunk."

The man with the scar once again lifted amber up by the hair and draged her to
the back of the car, popped the trunk and threw her inside.



It must have been a long trip, Amber wasen't quite sure, she had passed out
dureing most of it, but when she awoke  she was once more being pulled out of
the car by her hair, this time there were three men but all had the same
demeaner as the man with the scar.

"You finaly got here, what took you so long?" asked one of the men who came to
the trunk with the man who had the scar.

"I had to stop and shut this bitch up, how much time do we have?"

"About an hour" the other man answered.

"Good get her cleaned and ready."

The other man put a dog collor around Ambers neck with a long chain and began to
lead her into a house.  The house seemed to be located somewhere deep in the
bush. Amber wasen't sure how long she was in the car for, but she did know that
the sun was now out wich led her to believe that it was the next day.  The man
led her down a flight of old rickety stairs wich in turn led to a small dark
room.  The only light comeing in was that wich came in through a tiney window at
the top of the wall on the right side.  The men led her to the wall and began to
unwrap the tape that tightly held her hands behind her back.  It felt good to
finely have her arms free, but they weren't free for long the man quickly secure
irons to each wrist,then festend the irons to a steel ring that was located on
the wall.  He than secured irons around each ankle and in turn secured each of
them to steel rings that were located on the wall next to the floor.  When the
man was done Ambers arms were above her head and her legs were spread eagle. 
Amber thought of protesting but she remembered what happened the last time she
talked and decided it would be best if she just kept quite.  The man then
literaly manhandled Ambers tight t-shirt off her body causeing Amber to scream
and struggle against her restraints.

"You can scream as loud as you want here girl, It aint going to matter one bit."

He than began to cover her body with what appered to be soap, rubbing it and
lathering it up all over her naked body.  Amber felt humileated, the man was
washing her in the same method that you would wash the family dog.  He even
squited the soap bottle directly into her ass and pussy.  After he was done
lathering her up he walked over to the far wall turned on a tap and picked up a
garden hose that was lieing on the floor.  Amber began to scream when the cold
water hit her naked bodey, he went over her in the same method as he had done
the soaping.  Suddenly she began to shudder as the man shoved the nozel of the
garden hose directly into her pussy and jetted the water full blast.  She began
to shudder and scream as she had no way to stop the violent orgasm.  She began
to scream even louder when she felt the man shove the nozel of the hose inter
her torn rectum.  She could feel her bowls rapidly filling up with the ice cold
water and when she thought that they couldent hold anymore, that they were about
to break free, they were forced to intake a little more.  Finaly the man freed
the nozel from her ass and she instantly let loose spilling her bowls onto the
floor beneth her.  She began to dessperatly cry for mercy she thought she could
handle no more.

"Don't cry yet girl" the man said "wash rinse and repete."



When the man was done giveing her a second washing she was led back upstairs and
into the big house.  The house wasen't much, it looked exactly as you would
expect it to look for being a house in the middle of the woods. Lieing on the
floor of a large room ambe could see four more girls two of them looked like
they could be in high shcool. The girls were hogtied lieing on there stomachs. 
They each had a large orenge ballgag stuffed in there mouths, they had medical
clips taped to there thighs and cliped to there pussylips spreading them wide
open.  Stuffed deep into there pussys was a large black vibrator.  There ass was
pluged with the same style of vibrator only this one was attached to a pole the
was attached to a machine by the wall.  All of the girls looked scared and like
Amber, they were crying.  The men quickly began to put Amber in the same
possition.  First they hogtied her, than they bagan to clip her pussy lips and
tape the clips to her thighs.  Amber let out a shrill as a sharp pain was sent
through her body when the clips were applied.  They then shoved the vibraters
home wich caused anouther scream as her ass and pussy were instantly streched to
there limit. 

"The girls are ready" a mans voice from behind her stated.

"Good" the man with the scar said as he lit anouther cigerette, "lets get these
bitches going."

Amber herd the machine fire up and the large dildo began to pump Ambers ass at a
very fast pace.  All the while the same black dildo shove deep into Ambers pussy
began to Violently vibrating, Causings Amber to scream out her intense orasms;
and the more she had, the louder her screams became.  In the background Amber
could her the sounds of people, all of them shouting out numbers, and she
quickly realized just exactly was happening to her.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave Robinson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





