BDSM Library - Switch for the Summer




Switch for the Summer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When their mother had to go away for the summer leaving the two sisters in the care of a babysitter Lisa saw her chance to switch places with her older sister. She receives help from her best friend Eve in the humiliation of Thea. Who thought it would be fun playing with dolls again at the age of thirteen?This is my first submission so feedback is appreciated. English is only a
  second language for me (Might explain one or three weird sentences). This is
  the first part in a longer story. Comments and ideas welcome. Please be gentle J   
Switch for the summer   
Thea had always been small. It was something she had been bullied for in
  school and that had made her more or less reclusive preferring to hide at home
  with her books instead of going out with friends. Her mother had eventually
  accepted this and stopped bothering her about it. In fact, her mother had her
  hands full with Lisa, Thea's younger sister. Lisa had turned 13 years old but
  looked much older. While Thea had her mother's small frame Lisa had taken after
  her late father with quite broad shoulder and a well developed body for her
  age &ndash; the two sisters where the complete opposites. Lisa were both bigger
  and stronger than her 17 year old sister who where demure and shy instead of
  outgoing and aggressive as her kid sister. Lisa were also somewhat of a bully
  but had stayed away from her sister up until now.  
Everything had started with Eve pointing out the fact that Thea looked like
  the baby sister not Lisa. Eve was Lisa's best friend and the two of them hung
  out everyday after school. Now when school had ended for the summer they stayed
  at Lisa's house all day soaking in the sun and taking swims in the family pool.
  That was when Lisa's plan had started to form in her head. In one week their
  mother was going on a long trip to visit her sick mother. She had told the
  sisters that she had hired a babysitter to help them out at the house. She
  didn't trust Lisa and she knew that Thea wouldn't be able to control her sister.
  The sitter, Ms Herman, would not be able to arrive on the same date as Rose
  left but she though that her daughters would manage for one night. Lisa figured
  she only needed one evening to set it all up. It would be a great summer she
  though smiling.  
That afternoon Rose said goodbye to her daughters and left for the airport.
  She had explained for them that Ms Herman was in charge and that they would
  obey her. Thea where to be home no later than eleven and Lisa was to be home
  eight sharp. She also told them that Ms Herman knew all the rules so they couldn't
  get away with anything.  
Lisa smiled broadly when she saw the cab disappear around the corner. She
  waited until she knew her mother's plane would have taken of before she moved
  forward with her plan. While Thea were laying the couch reading Lisa sneaked
  into her room and soon found what she was looking for &ndash; the key to her
  freedom. With the book under her arm she went into the living room to lay down
  the rules for her sister.  
Thea looked up from her book as Lisa entered. "What are you doing with my
  book?" She demanded and sat up. Lisa just smiled. "I know that you borrowed
  this book from Mr Lance. If you value it you better listen" Mr Lance was Thea's
  literature teacher. She borrowed rare books from him, a privilege that she
  didn't want to loose. "Ok, what do you want?" she said irritated over the fact
  that her sister seemed to realize its value. "I need you to switch places with
  me for the summer. You will be me and I will be you" Thea raised her eyebrows. "What
  do you mean trade places with you? That's silly. Now give me my book" She stood
  up and approached Lisa. Lisa just smiled and pushed her back. Thea fell backwards
  and landed in the couch again. "I don't think you have any choice Lisa" She
  emphasises the name as she turned and went up the stairs to call Eve. "You
  will not get away with this." Thea felt a sinking feeling in her stomach when
  she realized her situation.  
Eve arrived only a few minutes later and the two friends had a meeting in
  Lisa's room. How should they proceed with this? While Lisa where hesitant Eve,
  being a few years older, had loads of ideas.  
Thea where in the kitchen when she heard Lisa call on her. Every step felt
  dreadful as she approached her sister's room. Inside she was met by the inquisition.
  The two younger girls where sitting on the bed and ordered Thea to stand in
  the middle of the room. They both got up and circled her like predators. "I
  told you she would submit to you" Eve said triumphantly. Thea lowered her head
  in shame. If anything happened to that book Mr Lance would never forgive her.
  He had told her that it was dear to him and that he trusted her with it. "Let's
  start with taking of those clothes, sis" Lisa said smiling. "W-h-at?" Thea
  said. "Just get them of girly" Eve said menacing and took a step closer. With
  shaking hands she unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them off. She hesitantly
  pulled of her t-shirt and stood covering her chest as the two younger girls
  ogled her. "Her tits are so small she could easily pass for a 10 year old" Eve
  laughed. Beat red of shame Thea felt tears fall down her chin. Her body was
  something she had been ashamed of all her life. "Oh, she even cries like a
  baby" the girls both burst into laughter. Lisa sent Eve out of the room and
  put an arm around her sister's waist. "You can do this the hard way of the
  easy way. I know you want that book back in one piece and by following my commands
  these next four weeks until mom comes back you have secured your book. Now
  go into the bathroom and take a shower."  
In the shower Thea cried but resolved that the only option she had was submitting
  to her sister. As she dried of she had accepted her fate. Back in Lisa's room
  the two friends where talking about what to do with their new won power. Both
  girls where delighted to have a 17 year old girl under their command. When
  Thea again entered the room wrapped in a towel they had put out some clothes
  on the bed. "Remove the towel, we want to inspect you" Lisa said as she stood
  up. Beat red Thea lowered the protective garment. "wow look at those nipples" Eve
  exclaimed. "They are huge. Weird that she has so small boobs and such huge
  nipples. Looks almost freaky" Mesmerized Eve reached out and touched one. Thea
  flinched and bumped into Lisa who stood right behind her. Eve started to caress
  and pinch it and Thea closed her eyes in shame. "Wonder if they get any bigger?
  Mine grows when I play with them" As the nipples where manipulated she felt
  something awake inside of her. Something she had been denying for so many years.
  The shameful tears burned as her body betrayed her. The nipples grew even more
  to the two younger girl's amazement. After a few minutes they moved on with
  the inspection. "She's almost bare down there but it all have to go. She needs
  to look convincing" Eve said. She rummaged though the bag she had brought with
  her. She gave Thea a pink bottle. She moved closer, only inches from the frightened
  girls face. "When I come into the bathroom in twenty minutes I want to be as
  bare as the day you where born. That means no hair below your neck. I'll be
  inspection you closely so don't cheat" The girls then marched Thea to the master
  bath and locked her inside. The patch between her legs had always been something
  she was proud of. It proved to her that she was more mature than the reflection
  in the mirror showed. Now it was to be gone. The cream was itching but the
  bottle said that she should rinse after 15 minutes and when she finally showered
  she could see all her hair disappear down the drain. Everything was spinning
  out of control. At first she had though that Lisa was only going to push her
  around a little making her clean her room but with Eve in the picture Thea
  wasn't so sure anymore. She had seen how Eve had looked at her.  
When her tormentors opened the door half an hour later she was bare as newborn
  baby &ndash; Even her arms where bare. They smiled at her and brought her back
  to Lisa's room to lay down the rules.  
The rules had been extensive. She was to move into Lisa's room and start
  calling herself Lisa. Lisa had already dressed more appropriate for a 17 years
  old and with the makeup she looked very convincing. They smiled as Thea, now
  Lisa, saw what they had put out for her. It was one of Lisa's old Sunday dress
  with both petticoats and ruffles. Lisa had out grown it several years ago and
  it had been stored in the attic ever since.  
When they had dressed her they both fell on the bed laughing. Thea looked
  at herself in the mirror. She became pale as she was a kid looking back at
  her. She couldn't be more than 11 years old with the pink satin dress and the
  pink bows in her hair. Since they had denied her a bra, saying that she was
  too young for one, her nipples were caressed by the silk with every movement
  and made two small tents in the fabric, sending electric shocks of arousal
  to her inexperienced body. She felt herself become damp and with weak knees
  she sank to the floor crying from the sensory overload she was experiencing.
  Both the mental impact on seeing herself as the 11 year old she had tried to
  hide from all these years and from the feeling of arousal now forever linked
  to the image in front of her. The two girls on the bed stopped and studied
  her. Eve stood up and approached the sitting girl. She saw the signs of arousal
  on the distressed girl and smiled a predatory smile. She had secretly coveted
  the frail teen for over a year and now she was all hers to play with. She let
  her hand caress the silky material and as she touched the nipples Thea closed
  her eyes and a quiet moan slipped out. Eve sat down on the floor in front of
  the poor teen. She let her hands roam free not missing an inch of silk covered
  skin. Lisa just sat in awe looking at Eve play with her sister. She never could
  have imagined her sister liking being treated like this. The last shred of
  conscience concerning the humiliation of her sister evaporated and she joined
  Eve on the floor.  
I want to thank everyone for their kind comments. It still feels like I take
  forever to set every scene up but this time around there are some more graphical
  events for your enjoyment. Please keep the emails coming and all comments are
  most welcome. Comments on the first part made me write another part to this
  tale of humiliation and consensual love so if you keep commenting, I'll keep
  writing. The one thing I need help with is coming up with humiliating clothes
  for our poor heroine to wear. If you have any ideas don't hesitate to mail
  me. I'm grateful for all your help and suggestions.  
* * * * *  
Thea's senses where overloaded with conflicting emotions. Here she was, blackmailed
  into wearing her sister's old Sunday dress. At first she had planed to go though
  with it because Ms Hanson would surely see though this charade and Thea would
  be home blame free. But seeing herself in the mirror she had realized that
  no one would believe her if she tried to convince them that she was the older
  sister. The humiliation of being outwitted by her four year younger sister
  had no end. But the misery didn't end here. Lisa had brought Eve in on her
  little scam and by the looks of it Lisa wasn't in charge anymore. She could
  handle Lisa but she had felt Eve's eyes on her as she visited. She had no idea
  where Eve would end this. But the fear she felt also exited her. It was this
  feeling Thea were the most scared of. All the pleasurable feelings that assaulted
  her made her normally sharp mind foggy. She never felt like this before and
  right now she didn't want it to stop. It was this battle that raged inside
  Thea's mind as the two younger girls caressed her though the silky material
  of the dress.  
Eve's hands roamed all over Thea's satin covered body. She could see the
  big nipples threatening to poke two holes in the fabric and let her fingers
  caress the breasts slowly pinching the diamond hard nipples. Thea responded
  by moaning loudly. Eve placed a hand on the teenager's thigh and started to
  slowly caress her way up the inside of the leg pulling the skirt with her as
  she homed in on the pink panties. With all her defences broken down Thea just
  leaned back at the wall and let her legs be parted for easier access. Eve let
  her finger lightly trace the nude sex though the panties and after only a few
  seconds a wet spot appeared. Lisa had stopped her ministrations and sat spellbound
  as she watched Eve bring her sister off. She and Eve had been lovers for a
  few months but this was hotter than anything she ever experienced. As she continued
  to watch she let her hand slip into the waistband of her track pants and started
  to stroke herself.  
Eve's fingers found their way inside Thea's wet pussy and the girl started
  to scream as the orgasm hit her like a freight train. After what seemed like
  an eternity she drifted of into a blissful sleep. As her sister came Lisa came
  to, almost wetting herself. She let out a moan and squeezed her thighs together
  trapping her hand there for added friction as she rode the orgasm. Eve just
  smiled at the wanton display in front of her. She brought the glistening fingers
  to her lips and tasted her sweet prize now sleeping on the floor at her feet. "Let's
  get her to bed" She said to Lisa as she stood up. She needed release and she
  knew just who was to give it to her. As Thea slept soundly the two conspirators
  disappeared down the hall to what used to be Thea's room.  
Thea awoke as the sun filtered though the blinds. She hadn't felt this good
  in ages and she just laid there letting the sun caress her face. As she sat
  up the realization hit her. The rustle of the crinolines and the feeling of
  satin against her skin yanked her back to reality. All the memories from the
  previous night came flooding back and she started to cry. She hid her face
  in the pillow to hide the shame she felt. The tears of humiliation burned as
  they stained the pillow. She had been tricked by Lisa and they had used her
  for their own amusement. She had been forced to participate she tried to convince
  herself. But images of her opening the legs for Eve to play with her and the
  echoing screams of her orgasm left no doubt in the mind of the confused teenager.
  How could she have been enjoying how they treated her? She remembered how it
  felt to have such a strong orgasm. She had masturbated a few times but that
  was nothing compared to last night. New tears fell as she realized that she
  wanted, no, needed to feel that high again &ndash; To be alive one more time.
  She jerked as her left hand on its own volition had started to caress her now
  stiff nipples though the dress. Panicked she undressed quickly and almost ran
  into the wall where the door should have been. In the hurry she had failed
  to register that she wasn't in her own room but Lisa's. This room didn't have
  a private bath and she had to tip toe down the hall to use the master bath.
  The water soothed her and she started to think of a way to get out of her predicament.
  The book was the key to this whole ordeal. She just needed to find where Lisa
  had hid it. She knew of several places where her sister used to hide things
  from their parents. I just have to play along for a short while as I find the
  book she told herself as she exited the shower. She caught a glimpse of herself
  in the mirror. With the small A-cup breasts and her now bald pussy she looked
  much younger and she could feel the blush heat her face as she hurried back
  to her new room.  
She froze dead in her tracks as she entered Lisa's room. She had thought
  she would be prepared to meet her tormentors but seeing Lisa sitting on the
  bed she felt butterflies in her stomach. "Good morning Lisa" Lisa said, emphasizing
  the Thea's new name. "I see you're still nude as the day you where born" she
  said giggling as she pointed at the nude sex. Thea quickly covered herself
  with her hands while trying to keep the towel wrapped around her. Lisa beckoned
  her sister over and reached out and grabbed the towel throwing it in the corner.
  The blush was visible even on Thea's chest as she stood there naked in front
  of her sister. She felt so tiny standing there being judged by Lisa. "We need
  to get you ready for Ms Hanson. You must look adorable for her Lisa" Hearing
  her sister calling her Lisa over and over again reinforced the feeling of being
  inferior and as Thea felt smaller she also felt the now familiar feeling start
  to pulsate in her tummy. She closed her eyes as Lisa went over the rules once
  more. She was to live in Lisa's room for the duration of the summer. She was
  to do exactly as Lisa and Eve said or the book would be gone forever. Lisa
  continued to read out the rules they had made up and with each and every one
  Thea felt the mixed feeling of dread and arousal grow stronger, spreading though
  her body. Suddenly Lisa's voice grew silent and Thea opened her eyes and stood
  eye to eye looking up at Lisa. "Are you horny all the time?" she said mockingly
  as she let her fingers trace Thea's puffy slit making her lean against Lisa's
  shoulder for support. Thea's mind felt foggy and all she could do was focus
  on the wonderful and needy feeling emanating from between her legs. She knew
  that all this was wrong but her mind could not fight against the arousal and
  with shameful tears she started to slowly grind her pelvis again the intruding
  hand.  
Lisa let her grind for a minute and with every second her own arousal grew.
  The power she held over her older sister aroused her to no end. She waited
  and the she yanked her hand away and said angrily "you horny bitch. Look what
  you have done to my hand" She held up the now wet hand and waved it right under
  Thea's nose. Thea didn't understand the situation at first and just stood there
  dumb folded and looked at the glistening hand in front of her. As the cobwebs
  of arousal cleared she started to cry from the realization of her shameful
  act. She hid her face in her hands and fell to her knees. Lisa first looked
  worried and then sat down and put a comforting arm around her. "It's ok sis.
  You know I wouldn't hurt you. I love you, you know that. I also know that if
  you hadn't liked being treated like this you could have walked away yesterday.
  Put me of like you always do. But secretly you always wanted to be treated
  like this and this summer all your dreams are coming true." She left Thea on
  the floor and started to put out clothes on the bed as the distressed teenager
  composed herself. "There little sister, I've put out your clothes for today." She
  turned in the door looking back at poor Thea. "Now remember that Ms Hanson
  is coming in a few hours and you need to be ready for her. I'll be in the kitchen
  so come down for your breakfast when you are done here" With that she closed
  the door and went to the kitchen to fix breakfast and to call Eve who had gone
  home last night.  
Thea collected her thoughts as she sat down on the bed. She felt calmer now
  and resigned to play along until the right opportunity appeared. She stood
  up and started to dress. The pink satin panties didn't look like they belonged
  on a thirteen year old girl more on a playboy model. She blushed as she felt
  the cool satin caress her hairless legs and cup her mound. She didn't see a
  bra so she stood staring at the pale pink dress laying there. The dress reminded
  her of last night and gave her goose bumps as she held it hesitantly in her
  hands before letting the electrifying material caress her body while she wiggled
  into it. It was a bit tight but the only thing giving away the fact that the
  dress didn't belong on her was the length. All measurements were more of less
  correct except that it ended above her knee. Not too short but short enough
  for her to feel conscious about it. She felt woundable and the helplessness
  ignited the flame inside of her. Her eyes teared up with humiliation as she
  once again faced her own reflection. She closed her eyes feeling a tear escaping
  slowly running down her cheek as she let her hand lightly trace the now stiffening
  nipples though the dress. A sharp inhale of breath snapped her back to reality.
  Her hand recoiled as if boiling water had been poured on it when she realized
  she had been pulling on her now hard nipples. As if in a trance she picked
  up the two ribbons placed on the bed and pulled her hair into two pig tails
  completing the transformation. The now familiar haze had started to form in
  her mind as Lisa now looked back at her from the mirror.  
Her movements set of all sorts of feelings exploding though out her body
  and her eyes where glazed as she entered the kitchen. Lisa, now Thea, smiled
  at her new little sister. Thea really looked like an overdressed kid rather
  than a studious seventeen year old girl. She was amazed that her old clothes
  had fit her sister so well and she made a mental note to go though the old
  box in the attic for more outfits to try out. Ms Hanson would be here within
  an hour and Lisa now had to make her sister ready. Eve had gone over the procedure
  explaining how she had to keep her on the edge all the way though the event
  preventing her from backing out. She put out a bowl of cereals and a glass
  of orange juice to her seated captive and let one of her hands accidentally
  caress the thick nipples elicit a quiet moan from Thea.  
When Thea had finished her breakfast Lisa made her clean the table and set
  the dish washer. While she was bent over the sink Lisa slipped up from behind
  letting her hands caress the sides of the trapped teenager. Thea first tried
  to get away but as Lisa being the stronger part she was trapped between the
  sink and her sister. To fight the growing arousal she tried thinking of her
  always boring gym class. Lisa sensing this surrender let her hands slip in
  font of the dress rolling the now hard nipples between her fingers while pressing
  herself against her sisters back. Again Thea was loosing the battle against
  her own body and unconsciously she started to grind her ass against her assailant
  and she could feel the warmth from Lisa's firm body. Lisa just smiled and let
  her hand trace the flat tummy down to the junction between Thea's legs. She
  pressed the palm of her hand against Thea's now pulsating pussy and she could
  feel her poor sister's legs part give her more access. "If you want to get
  off you know what to do" she whispered in Thea's ear as she held her hand against
  the trapped girl's cookie. "Show me how dirty girls get off" She hissed as
  arousal started to over come her as well. Thea's body moved by its own volition
  now grinding its pelvis against the firm hand. Lisa had to shake her own head
  to gain control over herself again. She removed the hand pinching one of the
  nipples hard as she withdrew. The pain from the pinch made Thea moan throatily.
  Her own hands started to home in on her hotspots but she was abruptly stopped
  by Lisa who firmly gripped the arms pinning them by her side. "No, no, no you
  dirty girl. This is no way to behave when Ms Hanson is due any minute Lisa.
  If I see you touching yourself again I will personally give you a bare bottom
  spanking you will never forget missy. Not to mention what will happen to your
  precious book." Ready to cry Thea turned around to face her sister who now
  towered over her. Her body was consumed by her arousal but she could do nothing
  as she was held down. They could both hear a car coming up the drive way stopping
  in front of the house. "Now you better behave Lisa, remember that mommy has
  told Ms Hanson what a difficult child you can be" Thea tugged at the hem of
  her skirt. Now she felt that it was way too short and felt very conscious about
  that and her big nipples almost poking two holes in the silky fabric. Crimson
  red of embarrassment and with the arousal simmering in her body she prepared
  herself to meet the baby sitter.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kev


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





