BDSM Library - What I Have Always Wanted




What I Have Always Wanted
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: First time meeting with online Master....everything and more than everything she could have wanted.
I've always been submissive.....I'm married to a guy who's not interested in alt
lifestyle but is open minded and understanding and allows me occasional safe
encounters of my choice to fulfil this need. This is the story of one of my
first encounters....

We started online, emails etc exploring our interests and fantasies. He would
set me tasks at home, we then moved on to phone and eventually I agreed to meet
with him.

He had mailed me with instructions, time, place etc - 7pm, Conrad Hotel, go to
the desk and there will be a room booked in my name, take key, I will find my
clothes for the evening in room. I will be meeting him in the lobby at 8pm.

What would happen? Would I really go through with it...?

I got home from work early. I showered,scrubbing my skin all over to make it
really smooth, I shaved my pussy again to make that really extra smooth.... then
covered myself with body lotion and perfume so I smelled delicious.

I did my makeup and dressed in a casual black jersey dress. I drove to the hotel
and parked, I was so nervous and yet so excited... I just wanted to get inside
and begin the evening.

I got the key and went to my room. A beautiful big executive room. There was
champagne and flowers waiting and a large box on the bed. On top was a note.

"Here are your clothes for the evening, only wear what you find in the box....
remember my instructions, no touching, I want you hot for me..... 8pm in the
lobby, I will find you."

Inside the box was a sexy black Gucci dress, it was silk and the top part was
like a tight blouse with a collar and buttons and tight short sleeves and the
skirt was short and full. There were also black nylon hold-ups and black high
heels. No panties and No bra.

I put the dress on and when doing the buttons noticed that some of them seemed
to have been taken out, there should have been 5 but there was only One!! so it
was open all down the front exposing my big tits.

I looked so hot dressed like this. Normally, I dress sexy but never short skirts
or anything too revealing and for work I am more formal. Now I looked like a
sexy slut. My pussy had been so wet all day, and looking at myself now, standing
in front of the long mirror was making me wetter, you could see my nipples
through silk of this dress, my legs looked stunning in the high heels and
stockings, when I moved my legs you could just see the top of the stockings. I
lifted my skirt up slowly, no panties, my naked shaven pussy. I so needed to
touch myself. I wanted to see what Sir would soon be seeing, to make sure I
would please him. I turned around and bent over looking at myself in the mirror
through my legs, now this is my favourite
position, I pulled up my skirt, my bum and pussy looked so hot naked with just
my stockings....

I love looking at myself like this, how Sir will see me, I hope I please him....
Part of his instructions were that I wasn't to touch myself from the midnight
before our meeting. I hadn't touched myself in bed the night before and had
managed to stop myself from rubbing my clit while I was shaving in the shower, I
was so horny from the minute I woke that morning, knowing the day had finally
come where I would feel his hands on me.....

Now here I was looking at my naked bum and pussy bent over in a mirror!!

I couldn't resist it any longer and started rubbing my clit hard, making myself
gasp..my pussy juice was starting to run down my thighs, I so badly wanted to
cum, sticking my fingers inside my pussy made me instantly forget about Sir's
instructions, looking at my fingers fucking my bent over pussy in the mirror was
just too much for a little slut like me... I came all over my fingers.

I stood up and adjusted myself and went and washed my hands. I felt a little
better but still as horny as ever..... and now I was feeling bad for having not
resisted as Sir had instructed.

It was 7.55pm. I re-did my lipstick and sprayed some more perfume, I could
almost smell my pussy juice... time to leave.

I took the lift to the lobby, Sir had said he would find me, I sat in a round
booth in the corner facing the bar. I couldn't see him anywhere, then my mobile
beeped with a text message - from Sir.

"Get up, go to bar, buy yourself a drink, wiggle your bum while you walk.... "

I suddenly felt a bit scared, there were a few people sitting around, and a few
men sitting at the bar.  I had already felt self-conscious walking in here and
had been glad to sit down. I stood up and walked towards the bar, the shoes made
my bum wiggle anyhow as they were so high, I knew I looked hot, I could feel
eyes following me. I got to the bar and ordered myself a glass of wine, the
barman was staring at my tits and told me my drink was on him, he insisted,

I blushed, all the men were watching me.  I took my drink back to the booth, my
pussy was so wet I was worried it was dripping down my legs, I'm sure the guys
could smell me. I took a large gulp from my wine, I should have had a drink
before I left the room.

Waited. Still nothing. I was now finished my glass of wine and was feeling
really hot and bothered. The barman came over with another glass of wine which
he said was from one of the men sitting at the bar. I looked over and the guy
just nodded.

Another beep from my phone, another text message -

"You look so hot sitting there my slut... the guys are loving looking at you,
why don't you open you legs a little for them, let them see what kind of slut
you are.....Sir"

Now this I wasn't ready for - Sir hadn't said anything about this kind of thing
happening straight away.... although it was making my pussy wetter by the
second.....

I opened my legs slightly whilst playing with my glass of wine in my hand....the
feel of the air on my hot pussy was just soooo good. The barman was staring at
me and he then said something to the men and they all looked at me too. I felt
so humiliated and yet so so horny. I wanted to finger fuck myself right there
and then in front of everyone.

Suddenly he arrives.... and sits down very close to me.  He whispers in my ear..

"Very good Slut, you have done wonderfully so far, you are such a good slut. 
You are not to look at me yet Slut, keep your eyes down, just listen to my
voice."

He was holding the back of my neck with one had whilst talking in my ear and his
other hand suddenly pinched one of my nipples really hard, I let out a yelp, and
he laughed in my ear.

"Now Slut before I take you to our room I want to see how wet you are for me....
and it will show these guys exactly what you're here for..." His hand rough
spread my knees apart and ran his fingers over my pussy,

"God you're so wet it's all over your legs you little Slut, you're really
enjoying this aren't you, showing yourself off like this"

He shoved two fingers roughly into my cunt and held me there.

"Don't move Slut" he said into my ear.

This man I hadn't even looked at yet was holding me by the back of the neck with
one hand and by my pussy with the other, here in front of strangers. My face was
burning red, my heart was pounding, it had all happened so quickly... I didn't
dare move, all the guys at the bar and some of the couples were watching...

"Now slut, stand up and walk out of here I will follow you in a moment".

He pulled his fingers out of me roughly and adjusted my skirt. My legs were like
jelly, I could hardly stand up, I had just been on the brink of cumming all over
his fingers in that seat and now I had to walk.!!

Everyones eyes were on me, the barman blew me a kiss as I left.......

I waited at the lift, my face still flushed and my legs still shaking.  My mind
was racing, I couldn't think straight, then suddenly he was standing beside me.

"You can look at me now Slut"

I looked at him and he smiled

"Good Girl, I am so pleased with you... now lets go and have some real fun".

I wanted him so badly to just fuck me senseless at this point, I wanted so badly
to suck his cock and feel him...... my cunt was dripping again.

In side the room he fixed us both a drink and told me to rest on the bed for a
few moments. He switched on the tv, I hadn't expected that, I was so horny and
he was putting the tv on!!?......

Then he went into a cupboard and took out what seemed to be a video, which he
then put on.

"Slut can you see the tv from where you are, I want you to watch this"

"Yes Sir" I said sitting up.

He sat back in his chair and pressed the remote control.

At first I couldn't understand what I was seeing... I was confused, then I
realised.....OH NO.....

"You look so horny slut don't you" he said.

On the screen was me entering the room and getting ready for him.

"You know what a voyeur I am Slut, I wanted to see you prepare yourself for me
and of course to make sure you were keeping to the instructions...so I rigged up
a little camera before you arrived tonight" he said with a snigger.

Oh no..... then it came, me bending over in the mirror, the camera had seen it
all, he had it positioned it just above the mirror.

"Slut your cunt looks so good...., I didn't know you like to look at yourself
like that...."

"Yes Sir I like to see myself how you will see me" I answered, my voice getting
quieter as I waited....

"Hey what the fuck are you doing now SLUT...." his voice suddenly louder.

I was silent.

"Answer me Slut - what the fuck are you doing in front of the mirror" he shouted

"Sorry Sir"

He pressed pause on the video, so I was suspended on the screen bent over finger
fucking myself.....

"Thats not the answer, answer me NOW Slut"

"I was just so horny Sir, knowing I would soon be meeting you, I got carried
away, seeing myself like that" my voice was barely audible

"I am disappointed Slut, it was important that you didn't cum before our meeting
today, I know what a horny fucking slut you are, but I wanted you really hungry
for it today"

"I'm still horny Sir, so very horny...."

"I know that Slut, you're always fucking horny, but you have disobeyed me now,
and I don't like it when I am disobeyed, you know that. Come over here and bend
over this chair so you are looking at the tv, and you still haven't answered my
question...."

I quickly got off the bed and went to the chair Sir had been sitting in and bent
over the back of it, ahead of me was the tv with the image of me on the screen.

"Now Slut tell me" he said putting his hands on my hips

"Sir I was finger fucking myself, I am so sorry, but you know how horny I am for
you" I thought I was going to cry

"Shut Up Slut!, Hold you bum cheeks open for me, I am going to punish that
hungry cunt of yours and I want you to count the spanks"

"Yes Sir"

I grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands and pulled them apart exposing my pussy
and bum for him, I felt so humiliated having to get punished as soon as we meet
like this...... he started to paddle my bum and pussy, the pain felt delicious.
My bum was on fire and my pussy was now dripping on the carpet...

"One, two three, four" I counted them all, up to 30.

He stopped, I needed to cum again

"Please Sir may I cum now"

He laughed out loud.

"Forget that Slut, I am punishing you for cumming earlier, you certainly won't
be allowed to cum again so soon - Control yourself!!" he sounded more determined
now.

"Look at that tv screen, what kind of slut bends over in front of a mirror and
finger fucks herself...... and I bet you weren't going to tell me you had
disobeyed me, where you SLUT?"

I didn't know what to say.

"I would have admitted if you had asked me Sir, I wouldn't have lied to you, I
am sorry Sir, you can punish me some more if you like"

I just wanted to please him. I was shaking.

"Now Slut I think you have learned to obey me when I instruct you, its a shame I
had to do that so early in our evening....."

He rubbed my cunt juice all over my bum and spanked my cunt really hard.

"Your cunt loves being spanked - isn't that what you told me slut..."

"Yes Sir its feels so good".

He gave my pussy another ten spankes then stopped.

"Get on the bed and lie on your back.  Quickly!"

I stood up and went and lay on the bed. He tied each of my wrists to the bed
post with belts, hard leather ones, and the same with my ankles.

"You look so hot slut, dressed like that, did you enjoy showing your self off
downstairs?"

I blushed remembering what had happened.

"Yes Sir,I did enjoy it"

"And why did you enjoy it beautiful girl" he was leaning in close to my face,
our eyes locked.

"Because Sir, I am a slut."

"Good Girl"

He climbed on top of me. I was still dressed as I had been downstairs. He sat up
on my chest and roughly ripped my dress open, He squeezed both my tits in his
hands and pinched my nipples hard. I love my nipples being played with, I can
orgasm just from having them pinched. So his playing with them was making me
buck my hips

"Don't fucking move Slut, stop trying to rub that hungry cunt of yours against
me"

I lay as still as I could, biting my bottom lip and he squeezed and pinched
further. He bent down and kissed me real deep, thrusting his tongue down my
throat.

He moved up my chest and undid my wrists.

"Take my cock out slut",

I immediately began to open his trousers, I was so eager for his cock in my
mouth, I had been longing for it, I love sucking cock. He cock was big, thick
and hard, I put my two hands around it and held it.

"Cum on slut, don't you fucking know what to do with it - you told me you were a
fantastic cock sucker, time to show me"

I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out, he pushed forward, I licked the end
of his cock gently and started to suck the tip, I was guiding it into my mouth
as it was so big I didn't want to choke.

"Fucking Slut, what are you doing" he suddenly shouted.

He grabbed my head in both of his hands and rammed his cock down my throat, then
he re-tied my wrists to the posts.

"That's better slut"

My eyes were watering, I was gagging on his cock and couldn't breathe, he just
kept fucking my face hard and fast whilst staring into my eyes. Finally just as
I thought I was about to pass out he pulled out, I was coughing and choking with
tears streaming down my face, He started wanking his cock in my face, his weight
across my chest and shoulders meant I couldn't move at all, then he came all
over my face.

"You're going to have to learn to take all of my cock Slut, and to milk it with
your throat, but don't worry, you will learn".

He got off me and leaned over and rubbed my pussy with his fingers again,

"Nice and wet slut, but I want you to make it wetter, I want you to take all my
cum off your face and push it into your cunt"

He undid my wrists again. I scooped the cum of my face with my fingers and
rubbed it into my pussy, touching my pussy like this made me start to move my
hips, I was licking my fingers too, his cum tasted so good.

"You enjoying that Slut?

"Yes Sir"

"Shove it all up deep"

I scooped more of his cum that had dripped onto my tits and shoved it up my
cunt.

"Fuck that cunt with your fingers bitch"

I started to fuck myself, his eyes watching me, I was so ready to cum.

"Please Sir, please can I cum for you?"

"Not yet slut and STOP fucking asking, you will cum when I tell you to cum and
don't ask again".

I was bucking my hips,

"Stop now slut, and pinch each of your nipples hard and hold then like that"

My cunt was on fire, I took my hand away and up to my tits taking each nipple
between my fingers and squeezing as hard as I could stand.

"Stay like that slut while I get something"

I was shaking and biting my lip again, this time it was bleeding, he came back
and stood over me

"You are very beautiful Slut, and you look so good tied up like this squeezing
your nipples, would you like me to take a picture of you slut?"

"Yes Sir" I whispered.

"Keep squeezing those nipples I want to just add a little something for the
photo".

Now, here I was with my legs spread wide and tied to the bed with my dress
ripped down to my waist and the rest pulled up to my waist, still with my
stockings and heels, squeezing my nipples - I must have looked so fucking horny,
Sir's juicy cock was hard again I could see it in his trousers.  He leaned over
and suddenly shoved a huge dildo up my cunt and attached clamps to my nipples,
(I screamed )and then he tied my wrists back to the posts.

He was laughing "it looks like that dildo has just cum in your cunt...all my cum
is seeping out of you...perfect - Now I'll take a photo" he said.

He took lots of photos, some close-ups, I felt like such a whore lying there
letting him do all this do me and enjoying it so much. My cunt was so obviously
getting wetter by the second.

He put the camera down and sat beside me on the bed, the thick dildo was
stretching my cunt it was so big, but I wanted to move it - I wanted, needed it,
to be fucking me. I was trying to move my hips so I could fuck it instead but it
was no use. The pain from the nipple clamps was not pain any longer but
pleasure.

"Please Sir, I need to be fucked" I said in a low whisper, I was panting and
shaking.

"Speak up slut what did you say?"

"Please fuck me Sir, I need to be fucked and I need to cum"

He smiled and ran his fingers down my belly to my mound and finally to the dildo
sticking out of my cunt

"Tell me what you are and why you are here".

My mind was all over the place, I just wanted to scream FUCK ME but Sir was
teasing me, making me
want it even more....

"I am a slut Sir, a whore slut that likes to be used, that is why I am here, for
you to use me
and for your pleasure Sir."

"Good Slut"

He started to move the dildo slowly out of my cunt, my hips are trying to move
so my cunt could follow it, then he rams it back into me and starts to fuck me
hard with it.

"Don't cum Slut or you will be punished again and you will have to wait even
longer" he said.

Then as suddenly as it had started the dildo fucking stops.  He got off the bed
and untied me.

"Get on all fours slut"

My whole body was trembling, I lifted myself up somehow onto all fours, the
clamps were now pulling down on my nipples in this position, it hurt real bad.

"Now Slut, if you do as I say for the next few moments you will get to cum very
soon,OK?"

"Yes Sir" I reply, eager to please him....

He climbed on the bed behind me and started to spank me again, oh God, this is
really going to send me over the edge, I bury my face into the bed and try to
concentrate on not cumming, then I feel the tip of his cock at my pussy lips.

"Now Slut ask nicely for what you want"

"Please fuck my pussy Sir, I want to feel your cock inside me please fuck me".

He starts to rub his cock against my clit, I push my hips back trying to
penetrate him but he moves back.

"Beg some more Slut tell me how much you want it"

"Please sir please fuck me, I so need to be fucked hard and rough, I have been
wet all day thinking about your cock, please please Sir"

Then he suddenly rams himself into my cunt, even though I was dripping wet it
was still a tight squeeze, his cock was very thick and long. He grabs me by my
hair and starts to pound my pussy hard, he spanks my bum at the same time, I am
totally in a daze now just waiting for the word from him that I can cum... he
continues pounding, one hand pulling my hair the other squeezing one of my big
tits... I am about to cum on his cock I can't control it any longer...

"Please Ssss..." I try to say.

Then he suddenly pulls out of me, my pussy feels like its gaping open after that
hard pounding. His hand takes the nipple clamps off, my nipple suddenly are on
fire.

"Nearly there slut" he says as he starts to finger my wet cunt.

He rubs my clit and starts to rub my other hole, taking my pussy juice and
rubbing it into my ass-hole.  This drives me crazy, nobody has ever touched me
there but I've always longed for it as Sir knows from our chats.

"Good girl, you're such a horny girl my slut, I am so pleased with you".

He keeps rubbing slowly starting to push one of his fingers inside my ass.

"That's it slut, you want it don't you".

I am trying to keep very still so aware of the sensation. I am on fire.

"Yeah baby that's it - just let my fingers in...yeah, open up for my fingers"

Another of his fingers pushes inside me.

"You love it Slut, what a good fucking slut I have found, taking my fingers in
her ass so easily and so happily....", his other hand is playing with my
clit...."will this cunt of yours ever stop dripping..?"

I am unable to take anymore.

"Please Sir please I can't take it anymore"

"What do you want Slut"

"Please Sir I want to cum I need to cum"

"Tell me Slut - how do you think a slut like you should be fucked - a slut who
comes to a hotel room and allows a man to do whatever he wants with her.....
TELL ME SLUT - HOW SHOULD SHE BE FUCKED?"

"Sir a slut should be fucked in her ass.... uummmm like a proper whore" I gasp

"Ask me Slut to fuck your ass-hole really nicely and I will"

I am shaking, my cunt is throbbing and about to explode while I am answering he
shoves the dildo back inside my cunt, my cunt muscles grab onto it.

"Plese fuck me like a whore Sir, I want you to fuck my ass"

He spreads my bum cheeks wide with his strong hands, the dildo is sticking out
of my cunt and now my ass-hole is a little stretched from his fingering.... I am
scared of the pain, his cock is so big, scared, but I want it, I need it.

His cock is teasing the opening, I push back on him and he thrusts forward his
cock is stretching me wide open, it doesn't all go in at first and he holds me
tightly and starts to build up a rhythm, in and out of my tight ass-hole, I can
feel his cock rubbing against the dildo inside my cunt and I start to shake, he
leans over and roughly whispers in my ear-

"Now Slut I am fucking your ass and you like it don't you.  Now you are finally
a proper slut, are you ready for your reward"

I nod my head as I can't speak, his thrusts start to get faster and harder, He
is pulling my head back so far by my hair.......I can feel his cock going rigid
inside me, he shouts

"CUM YOU CUNT DRIPPING WHORE"

Before he even finishes the words I am cumming over and over again, multiple
orgasms, he shoots his load inside me and we both finally collapse on the bed.

"Well done slut" he whispers "have a little rest, I am taking you down to the
lobby for another drink in an hour............"

This wasn't the end of the night it continues for several more hours.....

To be continued....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A Secret Slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





