BDSM Library - The Airline Ad




The Airline Ad
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What applying for a job can lead to.THE AIRLINE  
Chapter 1  
Rory Cummins was unemployed and homeless. On his way to find a bed for the
  night he passed an alleyway and hearing noises went to investigate. He saw
  three men attacking the forth and went to his assistance. Rory was a street
  fighter and soon had the three men running away. He could see the man who had
  been attacked was in need of medical help and stopped a passing car asking
  for them to be taken to the nearest casualty hospital. Rory stayed with the
  man until he was treated and admitted then visited for each of the next five
  days.  
The man told him his name was Fiad that his father was a very important man
  back home and that in his country any man who saved the life of another would
  be his brother forever. As soon as I am discharged I will take you to my father
  and have you received into our family. Rory took all this with a pinch of salt
  until on the fifth day Fiad told him he had spoken to his father who has agreed
  that from now on you are to be my brother with all it's rights and privileges.
  Tomorrow we will go to the bank where an account will be opened and money made
  available for your use. Arrangements are being made to fly us out as soon as
  a crew is ready for my private plane but this would take a few days so until
  then you are to stay with me at my hotel.  
Rory was pleased to accept this offer and surprised when he was first taken
  to the bank then the most exclusive hotel in the city where the staff couldn't
  do enough for them. Fiad treated Rory everywhere, theatres shows, and the best
  restarauants with the finest of wines at all the meals; money was no object
  to Fiad. After visiting a girlie show Fiad asked Rory if he enjoyed that type
  of show and had he ever fantasised about women. Rory confided that he had a
  fetish about fannies and tried to imagine himself in a position where he could
  order women to undress and expose it for his inspection. Fiad replied that's
  easily done, in a few days I will be interviewing girls who have applied for
  a job with the company and you will help me do it.  
My name is Gina; I am 23 years old and although having several long-term
  boyfriends I have not been intimate with any of them and still a virgin. After
  being made redundant I was looking through the Sits Vac columns and saw P.P.
  Airlines required Female Flight Attendants. You will be aged between 20 and
  30; your body must conform to certain requirements so a full frontal nude photo
  should accompany your written application, which will be returned if you are
  not acceptable. You should also be prepared to accept and perform any unusual
  duties required which will be rewarded with a generous salary and this was
  followed by the address. I wasn't happy with a studio photographing me naked
  but I needed a job and knowing I was attractive with firm breasts slim waist
  rounded hips and long legs decided to take the photo myself. I set up my camera
  and being pleased with the result sent it with my application letter.  
Over the following weeks none of my other applications were answered then
  I had a reply from the Airline inviting me for an interview. With nothing else
  offered I decided I would go and see what was involved. There were 12 attractive
  girls there so I felt a little more comfortable and asked one of them what
  she knew about the position and how she felt about the photo. She said I'm
  Trisha and since it's the only interview I've been offered if I have to strip
  for some men to see me naked and it gets me the job I won't refuse. As girls'
  names were called they went in but some came out looking quite upset then Trisha
  was called before me. It was some time before she came out but as she walked
  to me my name was called so I had no chance to talk to her. I went in and saw
  two young men sitting at the desk.  
The one on the left spoke first and said I am Rory and this is Fiad then
  he asked if I realise what will be required of me and how much did I want this
  job. I do want a job but have no idea of what is involved, this is why I am
  here I answered. The other man said if I tell you our stewardesses provide
  any service men require are you aware what it means and have you any experience.
  I guessed what this meant and said I am not a prostitute then as I turned to
  leave the room he said, if you are selected your salary will be &pound;3000.00
  for each session. &pound;3000.00 surprised me; it was more than I earned in
  six months in my last job but now it was being offered just for men to have
  intercourse with me. It was tempting so I turned to face them, what is a session
  and how many will I have to do. A session will require you satisfying the needs
  of three men without any complaints but you must do at least one or as many
  as you wish and you can leave whenever you want he replied. You said earlier
  I would earn this if I was suitable, what do you mean suitable.  
Rory replied, the prince who will be your employer is particular about the
  women he hires but although you are attractive and your photo shows you have
  the right sort of body but we need to see to see your genitals so are you prepared
  to show us? What do you want me to do I asked. Remove your clothes turn slowly
  show us your front and back then for the prince to see if you have the type
  of cunt he wants bend over with your legs apart and since we have more girls
  to see decide quickly. No one had ever seen my genitals and I would feel totally
  shamed but if I wanted them to find me suitable I would have to do it. I needed
  the money and the thought of &pound;1000 for each man helped my embarrassment
  as I undressed and posed for them. When I was bent over with my legs apart
  I felt my face flush as I felt my labia being parted and I heard one of them
  say that's a nice clean split and after she has been shaved and cleaned up
  I think she will do. Are you a virgin one asked and when I replied yes he said
  girls that are selected would be tested before their first session. In your
  case it will mean the loss of your virginity but if you agree you will receive
  an extra &pound;2000.00 plus the &pound;3000.00 for your session, now get dressed
  and wait in the room at the end of the hall for the final selection.  
Two girls and Trisha were there and I asked her if she had realised what
  we would have to do. After being asked for the photo I guessed but for that
  money I hope they offer me the opportunity. One of the other girls said the
  money is good but in town a man can buy a woman for &pound;100.00 a night so
  to earn that sort of money what else will they expect us to do. Neither Trisha
  nor I had thought about this and looked at each other in dismay. Three more
  girls joined us then when the forth came she was followed by the two men. Only
  four are required so three of you will have to go and to help us decide we
  want you all naked again. We all wanted the money so we stripped and standing
  in a line we all showed discomfort as the two men compared and felt our breasts
  thighs and buttocks. They walked away and after talking to each other one of
  them pointed to three of the girls who were told to dress. You all have suitable
  figures but with the other four being virgins we must reject you. All three
  were given their photos and some money then told to go. He looked at us, you
  four have been told you are to be tested before the first session and that
  means you will lose your virginity so are you still sure you want to go through
  with this because it's not too late to change your mind. The thought of &pound;2000.00
  for loosing mine persuaded me so when I answered yes the others also agreed.
  Very well then, go home, shave all your body hair and that means armpits pubes
  and between your legs then be here at 10:00 am in two days time. There is no
  need to bring anything; you will be supplied with all you need.  
After the girls had left the room Fiad looked at me and said, I told you
  all your fantasies will be fulfilled, did the sight of their fannies come up
  to your expectations. I was surprised how different they could be and expected
  them to be far more hesitant and embarrassed I replied. With the incentive
  of money a woman will do anything you want now stay with me until everything
  is ready Fiad answered. All we girls arrived together and were met by a smart
  lady dressed in a uniform who took us to a room in another part of the building.
  She told us her name was Erica and was the senior of our group. We were to
  introduce ourselves then obey any order she give without hesitation.  
If we didn't we would be dismissed on the spot and sent home without any
  pay. I will teach you about serving meals, drinks, and safety in the air and
  your other duties come naturally to women who have lost their virginity. Erica
  took us to the storeroom and told us to strip then issued us with uniforms
  and identical underclothes. As we undressed Erica told us to stand naked in
  front of her so she could weigh our breasts and enlarge our nipples. We were
  to spread our legs for her to feel how well we had shaved our body hair and
  the inside our vulva but when she parted my labia I felt more embarrassed than
  when the men done it. I could see the bras were so flimsy and transparent they
  hid nothing of our breasts and the panties so tight they parted the flesh between
  our shaved labia. Erica told us to send our other clothes home and after we
  were given make up and toiletries Erica asked each of us to give her the dates
  of our periods so she could allocate our duties and arrange a stand in. We
  were taken to the airport and allocated rooms in the staff quarters then told
  to meet in the canteen for lunch.  
The following days were spent in the classroom and on dummy aircraft learning
  all we needed to know when in the air. Nearly two weeks had passed when one
  morning Erica told us we were to have an exam and if we passed we were to staff
  a flight the following day. With the exam over we were told she was pleased
  with our answers and later she would give us instructions for our duties tomorrow.
  The Prince and his brother are going home and after serving them food and drinks
  if the dates you have given me for your periods are correct they will examine
  the inside of your vulva before you are entered by the man who will take your
  virginity. As virgins you should prepare yourselves because this will be the
  first of the many times you will have to open your labia for a man to feel
  your vagina and clitoris. Now go and enjoy yourselves but be here at 8:00,
  we take off at 10:00.  
Trisha and I arranged to meet Lola and Sam in the airport bar that evening
  and over drinks the conversation was all about what we thought would happen
  to us as the men done things inside us when we were being examined. Lola said
  I don't know about you three but when that man at the interview put his fingers
  inside me I had to cringe and burst into tears so I hope I don't do it this
  time and have them fail me. We each had different feelings on how we thought
  we would respond to the man as he entered us for the first time. Sam said her
  sister Ella had told her about the first night with her husband, he had wanted
  to see her naked and when he touched her down there she enjoyed the feeling.
  It made her tingle all over and she became very wet then when he went inside
  her it slipped in easy and didn't hurt at all.  
 Have any of you seen what men put in us I asked. I have replied Sam; I went
  out with a boy who played with my breasts then put his hands between my legs
  and when took his thing out I guessed he wanted to do it to me. It looked quite
  big and I couldn't see how it would go inside me so I run away. Trisha said
  when they told me what I would have to do and seeing my brother in the bath
  I didn't think it would be any different than putting in a tampax. Lola said
  from what you have all been saying you are in for a shock, none of you seem
  to realise that for a man to enter you he has to have an erection. Some are
  so used to seeing naked women and doing it to them they need to be stimulated
  and we are expected to do things to get them hard enough to enter us.  
 I heard my brothers talking about what they do to girls before they do it
  so I knew Sam was right when she said Ella's husband got her wet first. This
  makes it less painful when it goes in but not all men use foreplay, they just
  force it in and it hurts. Hearing this we all went silent, and contemplating
  if I had done the right thing accepting the job I wondered if I should back
  out now. Lola spoke again, I can see you are all wondering if we have made
  a good decision but what we have to decide is how much we want the money not
  what we will be expected to do to earn it. Just then Erica joined us and Lola
  asked, we all want to know what sort of things women are expected to do to
  please a man, will you tell us. Erica looked at us and said, being paid the
  sort of money you will be paid they will expect you to do anything they want.
  Some of the things they tell you to do you will find humiliating and embarrassing
  but you must do it without hesitation and act as though you enjoy it.  
Once you are on the plane you have agreed the conditions but if you can't
  accept this leave now. Lola said, I don't mind exposing myself or letting them
  feel and fuck me, I need the money and it's more then I would get with an escort
  agency so I'm staying. Sam said I will loose my virginity some time and may
  as well get paid for it. Gina said, I didn't like exposing myself and don't
  want his thing in me but if that is what I have to do I will give it a try.
  That leaves you Trisha will you stay asked Erica. None of us know we are only
  guessing what will happen to us but if the others are willing so am I.  
Erica took us to the plane at 9:00 and said, after you have served them stand
  in a line then go to them and say your name. To start they will want to see
  you in your underwear so remove your jacket and skirt then turn several times
  to show them your back and front. Trisha was paired with Lola, I with Sam and
  we spent the next hour making the cabins ready and preparing refreshments and
  drinks. When making a bed Sam and I looked at it then at each other but said
  nothing both wondering how we would feel undressing for a man then having to
  lay on a bed like this naked and exposed waiting for him to take our virginity.
  Just before 10:00 Erica told us she had to receive the prince and his brother
  and we were to wait in the galley until airborne.  
 Twelve days later a car came for Fiad and me and taking us straight to the
  aeroplane I asked why we had not gone to customs or immigration first. Now
  you are part of our family you have the same diplomatic immunity as us replied
  Fiad. When Fiad and I entered the plane a woman at the top of the steps greeted
  us, good morning your highnesses I hope you have a pleasant flight and that
  you will find my girls and me suitable and willing. This is Erica said Fiad,
  she is the senior and has pleased me on several occasions, I am sure she has
  trained her girls to give us satisfaction. Forgive me your highness but on
  this flight I have four virgins for you so they are not trained. Of course
  I forgot they are the four stewardesses we engaged several weeks ago. That's
  even better my brother will enjoy giving them an intimate examination. Erica
  led us to a large cabin furnished as it would be in a house and as soon as
  we were seated and airborne two gorgeous girls entered carrying trays filled
  with assorted goodies. I recognised them and the other two beauties that followed
  them with trays of drinks from the interview.  
Seeing the same two young and handsome men that had interviewed me I realised
  they had been the prince and his brother and felt my body quiver with nervousness
  as I put the drinks in front of them. I quickly turned to stand in a line with
  the others and waited anxiously for them to look at me in my underwear. Lola
  went first followed by Trisha and both appeared quite at ease in their undies
  as they turned for the men to view them then walking back to join us I could
  see from the smile on their faces they had enjoyed teasing the two men. Having
  said I am Gina and although at the interview they had seen me naked I didn't
  feel comfortable undressing and standing before them in my bra and panties
  but I knew the next time I stood before them they would do more to my body
  than just look at it.  
Rory couldn't believe this was happening, four beautiful girls standing in
  front of them and one at a time stepped forward to take off her jacket and
  skirt. This left them standing only in panties and brassieres which hid nothing
  of their bodies as they turned several times for us to view their front and
  back. Being so close in their flimsy transparent underwear I could see the
  colour of their aureoles the size of their nipples and not having any pubic
  hair the way their panties parted the flesh between their legs and felt myself
  getting hard knowing I would soon be touching them. I could see they wanted
  to cover themselves but knowing they would soon have to strip naked for us
  to see and feel every part of their bodies they tried to hide their embarrassment.
  After Sam finished her showing Erica told us to dress and return to the galley
  but stayed to receive her instructions from Fiad. Back in the galley I commented
  on how relaxed Lola and Trisha had been but both denied it saying it was bravado
  and dreaded the thought of being naked so the men would be able to feel every
  part of their body. This made Sam and I feel better knowing all of us would
  be feeling the same when we exposed ourselves to the two men.  
That would be the first hurdle to overcome; allowing our bodies to be used
  for the money we would receive would be the real test of our determination.
  After all the women had gone relaxing with our drinks Fiad said I know we have
  seen them before but that was only a taste. I was both shocked and pleased
  when he said he had instructed Erica that each girl was to return and strip
  for us so I could choose which of them I wanted. I meant it when I said you
  would see a selection of women and the thought of taking their virginity tonight
  also excites me. I looked at him and said but they are virgins do you mean
  they know we are going to have intercourse with them. Of course they have been
  offered a well paid job and accepted the conditions one of which is the loss
  of their virginity and we are the men who will do it.  
 It will be interesting for me to see how each girl acts when she is standing
  naked in front of you wondering if is she has a body you like and will you
  be the one to take her virginity. This is what you must do and it will be embarrassing
  for her when you tell her to raise her arms and spread her legs before you
  pass your hands over her breasts and buttocks. Having done it to many girls
  and women I will like to watch her face colour and enjoy how she cringes away
  when your hand goes between her legs and your fingers slip inside. You wanted
  to see women with their fannies fully exposed and to see it properly have her
  lie on the floor. Tell her to draw her legs back to her shoulders holding her
  knees apart and as a virgin she will be frightened knowing you will have easy
  access to her vagina.  
With a woman in this position put your fingers into her slit part the labia
  see what she looks like inside then feel around her vagina which is the hole
  you will penetrate and when you rub her clitoris she will expect you to enter
  and take her virginity. We won't do it this afternoon but keep them in suspense
  wondering when and what it will be like when they feel us going inside them.
  We have until 2:00 so you have plenty of time to look at them in detail and
  choose the two you want. Then we will land at an island I own and having the
  afternoon to ourselves I will show you around and explain some of our ways
  and customs before you meet father tomorrow. We shall have dinner at the house;
  all five women will present themselves to us then you can say whom you want
  sent to your bed. Now let's tell them we are ready for lunch, when they have
  cleared away Erica will send the first girl in.  
Erica returned to tell us lunch will be served at 12: 00 and after we have
  cleared away we will go in one at a time in alphabetical order, Gina, Lola,
  Sam then Trisha. I know they have already seen you naked but this time when
  you have stripped they will look in detail at every part of your body. They
  will feel all over your body and as virgins what they do between your legs
  will cause you embarrassment but it is just to see how willing you really are
  to have them enter. To decide which of you they will enter tonight you will
  be positioned fully exposed and your vulva will be opened so your inner lips
  and clitoris can be inspected. When they finish with you dress and return to
  the galley, I will be here to see you do not talk to each about the things
  they have done to you until you have all been seen.  
We will land on a private island at 2:00 then you will have the afternoon
  to relax but do not get sunburnt. There is a house and the servants will have
  prepared dinner, which we will serve at 7:00. At 8:30 we all go to the lounge
  and you will be told which of them will take your virginity. You were told
  what you would have to do and given the opportunity to leave because no one
  wants to force you but if you resist in any way you will be rejected and flown
  home without any pay. Since none of you have had a man before I will be used
  as an example so you can see what you will have to do when you are being fucked.  
It was just after 12:00 when Erica's pager sounded so we carried the trays
  to the dining area. Laying mine out on the table I kept glancing at the two
  young men and thinking how good-looking they were shivers went down my back
  at the thought of the things Erica said they would do to me. I liked the looks
  of the one who seemed to be the younger of the two and after he had seen and
  touched every part of my body if he liked what he saw it may be him who would
  take my virginity.  
All the time we were eating our dinner I couldn't get the thought out of
  my mind of this young man parting my genitals and feeling inside me. This would
  be the first time a man had done that to any of us and we must have all felt
  the same because none spoke through the meal. When we returned to clear the
  table I tried not to look at either of them but after washing up and putting
  the things away I turned to Erica and said I can't go through with it.  
She turned and said you all know they have seen and touched plenty of naked
  women including me and that every woman looses her virginity at some time.
  When you are lying with your legs open and their fingers are inside just think
  of the money you are going to be paid. Now Gina it's time to start, go to the
  lounge tell them your name and age then try to forget they are there and take
  your clothes off just as if you were going to bed. Erica had made it sound
  so easy but as I knocked on the door I felt my whole body tighten up when I
  was told to come in.  
They were both sitting as I entered and said my name is Gina I am 23 years
  old and a virgin. The older man said I am Fiad and this is my brother Rory
  and with a name like Gina are you Italian. No Sir I am English. As a virgin
  do you willingly accept what we are going to do to you now and what you will
  have to do later? Erica told me I will be given a very intimate examination
  and if I am found suitable one of you will take my virginity. That's just today
  Gina, hasn't Erica told you that to complete your sessions you will be taken
  to a house and sold to the three highest bidders.  
That was not explained to me, you told me a session would be three men but
  not that I would be auctioned like a slave. He saw my hesitation and said if
  you are not prepared to do this say so and I will arrange for you to be sent
  home on the next plane. If I agree will I be paid the &pound;5000.00 and allowed
  to leave I asked. To earn &pound;5000.00 one of us will take your virginity
  tonight then you go to three other men. The money is no object you have our
  promise. By accepting this in your country you would be considered a high-class
  whore but here you are providing a needed service. The selling of slave girls
  is no longer permitted but men still want the excitement of an auction and
  our business is to provide it. Part of the thrill of an auction is feeling
  and exploring the body of a naked girl and to prepare you for this we will
  do everything buyers will do.  
 Your reaction to this will test your readiness to accept the way men feel
  your breasts and inside your fanny but is also the last chance to change your
  mind. If you give us and all three men satisfaction on the first session we
  will pay your &pound;5000.00 and should you agree to stay we will offer you
  further sessions at &pound;1000.00 a man are you prepared to proceed? I was
  frightened by this new development but thought &pound;2000.00 to lose my virginity
  and with &pound;1000.00 a man it was worth trying. I replied, I would like
  to know what buyers will do when I am offered for sale so do what is required
  but if I don't like it I will say so and expect you to stop. Fiad replied you
  are not being forced and if you don't like the way you are examined you can
  back out but if you tolerate it and let us take your virginity tonight you
  must go to three other men before we pay and fly you home. If this is acceptable
  it should be obvious that when girls are being selected they would have to
  be naked so start by undressing.  
 I was breathing heavy as I started to take off my clothes and when I was
  down to my bra and panties I hesitated but knew I would have to continue. Erica
  had told us what they would do and I wasn't too concerned with them feeling
  my breasts but if I didn't like what they were doing inside me Faid had agreed
  I could say so and go home. With this reassurance I took off my bra and crouched
  as I removed my panties then stood with an arm over my breasts the other over
  my shaved pubes. One of them said, when you are on show everything will have
  to be visible by having your arms in the air and legs apart. I tried to think
  of the money as I did it but tears started to run from my eyes when I heard
  Rory say I think a woman without pubic hair is much more attractive. When Fiad
  stood up and walked to me I turned my head away and shut my eyes as I felt
  him squeeze my breasts and pinch my nipples. His hands slid down my hips then
  clasped my buttocks but when I felt his fingers part my labia and slip in I
  had to cry out and flinched backwards.  
Fiad turned away and said I'm satisfied see what you think of her Rory. So
  Rory was the younger of the two and being the one I liked I felt ashamed as
  he done the things his brother had done. When he finished Fiad told me to lay
  on the table pull my knees back and open my legs. Erica had told us we would
  have to do this so they could do things inside us but not knowing what I hesitated.
  If you want to be accepted do as you are told snapped Fiad. Very slowly I lay
  on my back and with my legs wide apart Rory stood between them saying I like
  the shape of her fanny.  
Once again I closed my eyes in shame when I felt his fingers pulling my labia
  apart and parting my two pieces of inner flesh circled the rim of my vagina.
  When I heard Fiad approach and say give that tube bit at the top of her split
  a rub I accepted it was to late to stop them going further. The longer it was
  rubbed the more intense the tingle became in my lower stomach and I soon started
  to respond by wriggling my hips. I heard Fiad say when you see that wetness
  on a woman you know she is ready and you will have an easy entry. Telling me
  to stay as I was with my legs open they both went to their seats and keeping
  me like this for several minutes they talked about my body and the way I had
  responded to having my clitoris rubbed. Fiad then told me to stand up, turn,
  clasp my ankles, and bend over with my legs wide apart. I was too shocked to
  disobey and listened in amazement as they talked about the shape and size of
  my labia and clitoris, my buttocks and the way my breasts hung between my legs.
  Then Fiad said I was to remember those positions because when a woman is bent
  over buyers find it easier to feel the size of her vagina. Because you are
  a virgin we didn't do it to you but it will be done when you are offered for
  sale. You can stand now and get dressed; we like your body but have the others
  to see before we decide which of us you will have you tonight.  
I didn't think there was anything to thank them for so I dressed quickly
  and hurried from the room. Entering the galley I could see from the other girls'
  faces they sensed the shame and humiliation I had been subjected to. Lola was
  next to go, I thought my suffering had taken ages but Lola seemed to be back
  in no time, then Sam went followed by Trisha. On her return Erica asked if
  it had been as bad as we expected and had we agreed to be auctioned. All at
  the same time we said it was awful and we hadn't expected to be put up for
  sale but yes we had accepted. I said it was a hard decision but having told
  the men I was prepared to let them take my virginity I wasn't going to lose
  any money by not completing my session. When Lola said she liked what the two
  men had done inside her and wouldn't mind others doing it for money Sam and
  Trisha admitted they were also prepared to take the money.  
Erica said you might feel scared tonight just before you are entered but
  on my first time the man played and caressed me so much I wanted him in me
  before he was ready to do it. It hurt a little as it went in but it was a lovely
  feeling each time he thrust in and out. I had several orgasms and enjoyed every
  minute of it but it didn't last long enough for me to climax. Some men can't
  wait; they just want to put it in, pump a few times shoot their spunk then
  go away. It leaves you very frustrated but I don't expect the brothers to do
  that, they will want to make full use of you. None of the men will use any
  protection so if you aren't taking contraception and don't won't want to be
  made pregnant I suggest you take two of these tablets now and two a day for
  the next few days, Giving each of us a bottle Erica told us to get a prescription
  as soon as possible and if we continued have ourselves examined for infection
  after each session, but there would be no fear of this from the princes. When
  we landed Erica said we would have to clean and prepare the plane for tomorrow
  so the quicker we were the sooner we would get to the house and relax. Looking
  out of the window I saw two cars, the princes and the two pilots got in one
  then drove away. We hurried with our tasks but with the engines off and no
  air conditioning it was very hot and we were soon running with sweat. When
  we finished we went to the second car to be driven to a rather grand house.  
CHAPTER 2  
 Erica took us to a smaller building at the rear and led us to a comfortable
  lounge telling us to make ourselves at home. All the bedrooms are En suites,
  although you may not require them tonight choose one, have a shower, then do
  as you wish. There is a swimming pool you can use but no costumes, sunbathe
  read, or just relax in here. You will be brought food by the local servants
  about 6:00 then go and make yourselves pretty, we must be at the main house
  by 7:30. I went to the pool with Trisha and Lola and then Sam joined us but
  not having costumes we swum and sunbathed in the nude not showing any embarrassment
  after the way the men had treated us. None of us had seen each other fully
  naked and I was surprised to see how our shapes and sizes were so similar,
  we had been carefully chosen to satisfy the prince's tastes.  
With the sunshine and nothing else to do but relax we all enjoyed ourselves,
  forgetting for a while the purpose of our visit. Erica must have heard our
  laughter and came out with a try of cold drinks then undressed and jumped in
  the pool. As she climbed out I noticed that in spite of her age her large breasts
  were firm and with shaved pubes like ours was a sexy and desirable woman who
  compared favourable with us. The sun was low in the sky when she interrupted
  our pleasure by saying it was time for us to go in, have our meal and prepare
  ourselves. We gathered together in the lounge and Erica took us across the
  grounds to another house then into a room, which looked very much like a small
  theatre. She led us down the aisle onto a stage with a divan bed in the centre.
  All five of us stood in a line behind the bed and Erica said I have not been
  warned but I told you earlier you would have to see what a man does to a woman
  and I can guess it's me that's going to get fucked.  
We were not kept waiting long then suddenly we were bathed in lights and
  although I couldn't see into the auditorium I heard seats moving and the sound
  of many men talking. I looked toward Erica who shook her head as if to say
  don't talk just stay where you are. When a voice from the theatre speakers
  said, good evening gentleman, welcome to the show the loudness made me jump.
  You see before you four of our newest employees and Erica who has been with
  us for some time. She has experience and will be used by the lucky winner to
  demonstrate to the other four what they will have to do for you. Erica step
  forward to the front of the stage and take a number from the box, call out
  that number then show the audience what the winner of our draw will see when
  you open your legs for him. She had told us earlier that we would have to watch
  her being fucked but not that it would be done by an unknown man and in front
  of an audience.  
As Erica walked forward I could see from the look on her face she knew what
  this meant and what she would have to do but after bending down to the box
  stood up and called out a number. There was silence as she undressed and when
  naked faced the room with raised arms and legs apart. When she turned and bent
  over to show them her fanny there were gasps of surprise. And I heard sounds
  of excitement from the audience as she stood and walked to the divan. Sitting
  on the end and laying back with her legs wide open she slowly raised her body
  until her partly opened labia was revealed then held the pose for a minute
  or so before lowering and sliding further up the bed still with her knees raised.
  Gina and Trisha on my left, Sam and Lola on my right and watch Erica ordered.  
A middle-aged man came to the stage and standing at the foot of the divan
  removed his trousers and underpants. It was the first time I had seen a flacid
  penis and the scrotum of a man but as he edged forward to Erica she held it
  in her hands and I was amazed how it lengthened and thickened. It was so much
  larger then the tampax plugs I inserted and although I knew a baby came out
  I felt frightened knowing one would soon be entering me. The man caressed Erica's
  breasts then putting one of his hands between her legs I saw him put his fingers
  in her and move them about.  
Very soon Erica started to breathe fast and make funny grunts then she pulled
  the man forward and I saw him slowly enter until it was all inside her. He
  moved his hips back and forward his penis going in and out with every movement
  and Erica was soon writhing and groaning. She kept clutching the mans buttocks
  to pull him in her each time he pulled back until at last the man raised his
  body gave a gasp and sat back pulling Erica with him with his penis still inside
  her.  
They were both breathing hard as they lay joined together and I watched in
  amazement as his penis shrunk and slid out of her. I saw how wet the sheet
  was and the moisture around both of their genitals as he stood up and said
  thank. He dressed and went back to the hall leaving Erica still fully exposed.
  The voice from the speakers then said, I think we can say that Erica, although
  not old does not have the figure of a young girl but No 8 was satisfied with
  her performance. As you can see from the other four on the stage we do have
  younger women available. Gina, although not experienced as yet will undress
  and show you what kind of girl you will be offered at the auction. Thinking
  how many more times must I be humiliated before I earn any money I hesitated
  but I stepped forward and undressed only instead of opening my legs or raising
  my arms just let them look at my front. The voices said just think of her or
  the others naked on a bed waiting to pleasure you.  
Imagine lying between her legs with those luscious breasts on your chest
  and feeling the warmth and softness of her body as you slide into her tight
  vagina. Erica had dressed by now and seeing they had finished with me told
  me to dress and all four of us to go with her. As she led us back through the
  aisle I could see about six men had been watching and wondered if they would
  be some of the men who would be bidding for the use of our bodies tomorrow.
  Back in the lounge Erica asked, were you all able to see what men will do when
  you are sent to them and have you any questions. Lola said we could see all
  right but how do we know if their thing will go in us. It will, when you are
  laying on the bed your legs will be open and you will feel it part the lips
  of your fanny then go inside. When it starts to stretch you it will have reached
  your Maidenhead. He will then push hard and when he is through you will feel
  a stinging pain and it will go deeper inside.  
You saw what happens after that, he draws in and out and you have to go with
  him squeezing your vagina muscles to give him satisfaction. As he does it and
  if you are lucky you will have pleasant feelings all through your lower half,
  these will be orgasms. If he stays in you long enough you may even climax and
  if you do it will give you a lovely feeling until you feel him throbbing as
  he squirts his stuff inside you. By then you are committed, you have lost your
  virginity and those of you who do it for three more men will be paid. The princes
  will be having dinner now and we have to wait which could take some time so
  we may as well have something to eat before they come. It was after 11:00 when
  Rory and Fiad came into the room and looking at us Fiad said, my brother has
  chosen to take the virginity of Gina and Trisha I will do the same to Lola
  and Sam and you Erica are excused for tonight but no doubt after your performances
  on stage you will be in demand tomorrow.  
Although I was a woman doing it for money I fancied this man so when Rory
  said come with me I knew it would not be in the heat of a passionate moment
  but I still went weak at the knees and felt faint knowing he was going to take
  my virginity. I followed him to a bedroom and as soon as we were inside all
  he said was, I have to see Trisha after you so hurry up and undress. This will
  be your first time and it will be easier for me to penetrate you lying on the
  bed with your knees up like this morning. From the first time I saw him I found
  him attractive and glad he was to be the first man to enter and not the other
  one. Rory stood back and watched as I stripped laid on the bed and parting
  my legs I felt ashamed displayed like this knowing the last time I was positioned
  me like this it was for him to see and touch the parts he was now going to
  use. He undressed then I saw his penis growing hard and erect just like the
  man who had entered Erica and wondered if I might even like him being the first
  man to enter me. He said, not like that, come closer to the edge of the bed
  and as he moved my inner lips apart I felt the change of air as the entrance
  to my vagina was revealed then his fingers rubbed the tube of my vulva.  
I started to feel moisture running down between my buttocks as his fingers
  continued exciting me I only saw his head and shoulders as he stood between
  my knees saying now you are ready you must give it freely and not resist. I
  felt something hard and warm against the fold of my labia when it touched me
  inside he said this is what you have been waiting for.  
As it started to enter my vagina I felt it stretching me wider then he stopped
  moving. He looked at me and said you are now about to become a woman and making
  one big thrust it went in further and as I felt a stab of pain I cried out
  threw my arms in the air and he was deep inside me. I tried to eject it by
  squeezing my vagina muscles and grasped his buttocks trying to pull him away
  but this seemed to excite him even more. The more I wriggled about and squeezed
  to push it out the more he kept going in and out. It was some minutes before
  I felt him throbbing inside me and moving in and out a few more times I felt
  it come out and I relaxed. Realising just what he meant, tears came to my eyes
  as he said, for your first time you were quite good, I expected you to be a
  little tight but a few more men inside will cure that then you should make
  a good screw for any man. He went to a cupboard and taking out a bottle and
  glasses said let us have a few drinks, it will relax you, then you can show
  me how good you really are. Here was a man I fancied and knowing what would
  happen next I felt at ease. He lay beside me; kissing me all over my body then
  after caressing my breasts fingered my clitoris I was soon aroused.  
I felt tingles in my lower half and the wetness between my legs so I reached
  for his penis and guided it to my entrance. It was sliding in and out so easy
  that my feelings became more intense, my hips and vagina muscles were working
  with him as I experienced several orgasms before we climaxed together. As he
  withdrew he cuddled me and said you responded like a lover rather than a whore
  and that was the best fuck any woman has given me for a long time. When you
  are being auctioned I will tell them how well you perform and they will bid
  high for you so dress now and go. Little did he realise how much I liked him
  and wanted to give myself only to him, and hearing him say my body was to be
  auctioned how those words hurt?  
I was just leaving the room when he said, Trisha will be anxious to know
  what it is like to have a man inside her, find her and bring her here. I started
  to cry at the thought of him having another woman straight after I had willingly
  given myself to him. I dried my eyes and went into the lounge to see Erica,
  Trisha, and Sam sitting and drinking. I looked at Trisha and said, he is ready
  for you, come with me, I will show you the way. Just outside his room Trisha
  said you don't seem any different, tell me, when he done it to you was it easy
  to do and will it hurt. Yes Trisha, he has been in me, he will tell you what
  to do and it hurts a little the first time but the second time was nice. I
  didn't wait to hear what she said, the thought of what he would be doing to
  her upset me and I ran back to the lounge.  
 Lola had returned when I went in, Erica looked at me and said, you must
  have been good, Sam and Lola were both done in the time you spent loosing yours,
  how many times did he do it and what did he say. I was embarrassed and hesitated.
  Don't be ashamed, we have all had it done to us Lola said. All three were looking
  at me so I said twice, and after the second time he told me I was a good fuck.
  Sam said I didn't like it at all I undressed for him and laying on the bed
  with my legs open he kept pushing and pushing to get it in and it hurt. I was
  crying all the time it went further in then when he took my virginity it hurt
  so much I screamed but at last he stopped moving in me. As it came out I felt
  as if it was drawing my flesh out with it, it was awful. It wasn't that bad
  for me Lola said, he had to keep pushing to get it all the way in me but I
  tried to relax my muscles and it came out easy. He done it a few more times,
  I felt him throbbing inside then he finished with me. I poured myself a drink
  and we waited for Trisha to return. She was not as long with Rory as I was
  and coming into the room I saw her face was red with embarrassment. Erica didn't
  need to ask, Trisha said it was awful, the things he done to me, money or not,
  I can't go to another man tomorrow so don't ask me.  
What about you others, Erica asked. Sam and Lola agreed it was not pleasant
  but after the things that had been done to them so far another few men wouldn't
  matter for &pound;5000.00. What about you Gina, Erica asked. I thought about
  it for a few seconds then said I agree, I want the money and don't intend to
  lose my virginity for nothing, three more men and I get paid. Hearing us say
  this Trisha said perhaps you are right, why should I lose my virginity for
  nothing. We know what they will do to us but not what we will have to do when
  we are being offered for sale but I will do whatever you others are prepared
  to do. Erica answered; you must have all wondered how I am involved. When my
  marriage broke up I needed money just like you and answered an advert. I was
  32 at the time; the prince's father had just bought this island as a holiday
  resort and needed women to provide entertainment.  
There are four groups and three others in my group; we do two sessions a
  week every eight weeks. At &pound;3000.00 each session we can earn at least &pound;36000.00
  a year but earning this sort of money women soon give up and without new faces
  the men are loosing interest, that's why they are looking for new women. There
  is another group due to start and it's hoped you four will stay to take over
  from us. It's not a bad life if you like men, we are well cared for and protected
  from harm. To answer your question, each morning we are taken to one of the
  three hotels in town and put on show for the guests to look at then in the
  afternoon we go to the penthouse. When a client enters he may want only one
  or all of us to undress for him then having made his choice we tell him our
  name and he leaves to book and pay for us. We are told which room he is in
  and go there to wait for him. He takes us to dinner then back to his room for
  the night. After breakfast we are usually collected and taken to another of
  the hotels for our next event.  
The most anxious bit is if no one comes for you because if you are not picked
  you don't get paid, but I have never known this happen. In fact there are so
  many men wanting a woman they follow us from hotel to hotel until they get
  one. In the penthouse we must strip for any man who comes in and some men come
  just to watch us take our clothes off before they feel our breasts and finger
  our fannies. Although they pay a deposit which is deducted from their bill
  when they choose one of us it is not encouraged because we are not paid if
  we are not fucked. That's all you need to know, there are a few hours left,
  go to the rooms you had before where you will now find a suitcase and three
  changes of ordinary clothes, one for each day. I suggest you wash inside yourselves
  to clean out their muck then sleep, we are to be put on show tomorrow morning,
  viewed in the afternoon and fucked through the night.  
I took Erica's advice but being anxious about the next three days couldn't
  sleep, how could I allow myself to strip for any stranger who wanted to see
  me naked, and if I had to go to his room would I give him satisfaction as he
  fucked me. Would I like it the same as I did with Rory, tomorrow would tell?
  Not being able to sleep I was up early and went downstairs to see a buffet
  breakfast laid on the table. The girls soon joined me, none of them had slept,
  and they also were concerned about their reactions. Erica had done it all before
  and slept well, she was late joining us. It was nearly 9:00 and we had all
  finished eating when a man told us the car was waiting. We drove into a large
  modern town then stopped at a smart hotel. Erica led us to an office where
  the manager greeted us saying good morning ladies and how are you Erica, I
  see you have a new batch at last. Yes Sir she replied they were only broken
  in last night so you could call them virgins. Then I will increase my prices
  and hope they have been taught how to give satisfaction.  
Now Girls tell me your names, ages and measurements then give me a quick
  look at your bodies. Trisha was the first he pointed to and as she told him
  took off her dress and waited. Come on girl I want to see your tits. When Trisha
  had removed her bra he said now off with your pants. I saw the flush on her
  face as she stepped out of them and heard him say, good, my customers prefer
  to see you women with shaved pubes but crouch down knees apart and let me see
  if all your cunt has been shaved. Poor Trisha how she must have felt in this
  position but I knew we would all have to do it.  
 He told the rest of us to do the same and kept all four in that position
  as he said to Erica, it's been a while since I have seen you naked. She took
  the hint and stripped then with her crouching like us he was looking at five
  women showing him their partly opened labia. Well Erica your breasts are beginning
  to droop but your cunt looks just as inviting as these new ones, you always
  were a good fuck. I was amazed when Erica said, thank you Sir, I'm glad you
  still find me desirable and before you take us in will find time to let me
  show you I haven't lost any of my skills. I hope you haven't because you know
  if you don't please me I can have you whipped now show these girls the room
  you are to share when not required then go to the case. After showing us where
  to go Erica led us to a reception foyer with six glass cabinets, three on each
  sidewall and told each of us to stand inside one of them. Sam, Trisha, and
  Lola were opposite Erica and me and with no doors to the cabinets we were exposed
  to men women and children as they passed.  
We were kept standing there for several hours and many men looked at us before
  the manager arrived and told Erica to show us where to have lunch then come
  to his office. Erica returned to our room an hour later to take us to the penthouse,
  which was a large room with small tables and plenty of comfortable chairs.
  She said this is where we wait for the men to view us before we start to earn
  our money. The first man arrived quite soon and stood looking at us before
  he pointed to Erica. She stood up and walked to him, he indicated she should
  raise her skirt and turn around. I saw she wore no knickers, they must have
  been forgotten after her time with the manager. The man pointed to her chest
  so Erica removed her blouse and bra and the man flicked her heavy breasts making
  them bounce up and down. He then pointed to her stomach and Erica removed her
  skirt turned and bent over. I don't know what he done but as she faced us I
  saw her flinch and grit her teeth. The man said nothing, just turned and left
  and as Erica dressed Sam asked what that was all about.  
 Not many of them talk to you; they don't always speak our language so they
  just point; now you know what to do when it's your turn she replied. I saw
  you flinch and grit your teeth what did he do I asked. It's quite common for
  them to pinch your clitoris to make sure you have one and although it hurts
  you must get used to it. A lot of their women have theirs cut away so they
  get no enjoyment from the sex act and stay loyal to their husband but he can
  go to women like us at any time. It was some time before the next man came,
  he pointed to Lola who knew she had to strip and we couldn't' avoid watching
  the things he done to her as she was examined then just said name then giving
  her a piece of paper and a pen she wrote it and gave it to him. A few minutes
  later a porter arrived and told her the room number she was to go to. Sam was
  next, he was able to speak some English so he could tell her what she was to
  do, After giving her name the porter came again to tell her what room she was
  to visit.  
The same things happened when Trisha was chosen. Watching my friends stripping,
  bending and exposing themselves for strangers to view and pinch their clitoris's
  caused me as much embarrassment as having to do it myself. I don't know why
  we have to bend over for men to see between our legs because we girls have
  been chosen for our clean tight split flesh. They can see this when we stand
  with our legs apart and know that behind it we all have the hole they intend
  to use. It was just Erica and I and nearly time for us to go when the first
  man that examined Erica returned with a tall man and a teenage boy. Erica said
  I have heard before of a servant selecting women for his master and think we
  will both be taken. I won't like it but I am to go to the tall man and for
  his first experience of a woman you will be given to his son. How right she
  was, the tall man spoke good English and without even looking at me said, I
  am having you both tonight, you will be returned in time for your morning duties.
  We were both taken to a large car and leaving the city drove into the country.
  It stopped at a large mansion where Erica and I were separated, she going one
  way with the tall man and me with the servant. He said my name is Rodrigues
  but call me Rod then took me to a room with only a divan bed. He told me we
  had been brought here because the master liked Erica's body and since I was
  clean and hardly used I would be right for his boys first sexual experience.  
Having never seen a naked woman and you have never displayed for a man it
  will be necessary for me to instruct you on how to place the boy's hands for
  him to correctly feel the breasts and nipples of a woman. It will be harder
  to accept but you will have to show him how to open your labia and feel for
  your vagina and clitoris. He led me to another room and after knocking on the
  door I followed Rod inside to be told I had to please the boy in front of me
  was and his name was Adna. Looking now at the boy he said your father was lucky
  to find such a young and attractive woman to provide your first sexual experience.
  She has been told to how to help you examine a woman so don't be afraid to
  look and touch every bit of her.  
He was very young and I could see from his face he couldn't believe how lucky
  he was that he had such a beautiful girl for his first sexual experience. After
  Rod left I was amazed at his politeness when he said other boys have only been
  sent old women to practise on but you are the most attractive girl I have seen
  and I know nothing about women's bodies so please show me. I was surprised
  the way my body trembled as I took off my clothes and remembering what Rod
  had told me to do stood naked in front of him with my arms in the air and legs
  wide apart. Looking at Gina naked Adna thought she was more beautiful than
  any girl he had seen in magazines. Her blond hair hung over her shoulders framing
  a small oval face with blue eyes and full lips. Her shoulders were rounded
  her breasts like globes, perfect cleavage with large light brown nipples set
  in pink aureoles. Her small waist tapered to rounded hips and a flat stomach.
  Below it and between her spread thighs there was no hair so he could see the
  parted flesh and at the top a little lump jutting forward. Her thighs were
  not fat but tapered down to shapely legs thin ankles and small feet.  
 It was perverse but the thought of this young boy looking at my naked body
  and the intimate parts that he would soon enter was getting me aroused. I could
  feel the mucous running from my vulva and knew he could see the two pieces
  of wet flesh between my open legs. He looked at me for some time before he
  said some boys have told me women have a hole between their legs and I want
  to see yours. Rod told me I was to show the boy everything and that one way
  was to do it from the rear. I started to turn to show him my small firm buttocks
  letting him look at my back for as long as I dared delay it. I hated doing
  it but slowly bent forward from the waist and had a sick feeling of embarrassment
  as I parted my legs and pulling my buttocks apart held them open for him to
  see the most intimate part of a woman and for him to see between my legs the
  way my breasts hung down.  
As Adna watched he saw the brown dot of her arsehole then behind it and hanging
  out of the parted swellings of her labia two pieces of wet pink flesh. Through
  her parted legs he could also see her face her hair touching the floor and
  the two hanging breasts before he said now open it and show me that hole. I
  thought the other men had done everything possible to humiliate me but I had
  never been told to do this myself and was astonished at his asking. I felt
  my face and shoulders go red with shame as my fingers clasped my mucous covered
  inner lips and pulled them apart. Adna's kindness was gone and his words hurt
  when he said wider than that I want to see the hole.  
Tears came to my eyes as I pulled my inner love lips further apart until
  they would go no more and knew with my vulva exposed the start of my vagina
  would be fully revealed to him. Remembering what Rod had told me I asked for
  his hand and guiding his fingers to my vagina slid two of them inside and said
  this is where you will enter me. Moving them out to my clitoris I said before
  you do you must rub me here. Telling me to stand up and seeing his erection
  I realised he was ready to enter and pointing to the bed I knew this was the
  first time I was going to be fucked and get paid for it. I remembered the way
  Rory wanted me for my first time so I lay on it, put my hands behind my knees
  and pulling my legs back opened them wide. Rod had also told me to do it this
  way because as a young boy he would find it much easier to enter me.  
I expected him to penetrate me straight away but instead Adna seemed more
  interested in my clitoris. He fingered it squeezed and rubbed it until I felt
  the little head slide out and I started moaning with pleasure. . He must have
  thought with my moaning he was hurting me so he pushed my legs down and rubbing
  my nipples between his fingers I could feel how hard and thrusting they were
  while the other rubbed the little head. This was too much for me so I lifted
  and sitting astride him gentle eased his hard member between my dripping wet
  love lips. He tried to thrust in but I remembered I had been told to delay
  full entry until I felt he had learnt to control himself.  
This was only the second time a man was entering my vagina so for my own
  benefit I slowly eased his member in a little further but only enough to feel
  myself being stretched apart. The tightness he was feeling was beyond his control
  he gripped my shoulders and pulled me down onto him and it felt as if he was
  taking my virginity all over again. I cried out as he forced past my recently
  split hymen and now deep inside me he rolled me over and thrust in and out
  for some time. I let my muscles grip him with every thrust until he could not
  hold it any more and he shot his juice into me. We both lay exhausted but I
  was the first to rise and when Adna raised his head and looking at me said
  I want you to bend over again I thought to myself after all I have given him
  he still wants me to take that awful position. As I parted my buttocks he said
  I like that view of you but it's more tempting when you hold yourself open
  and I want to play with it again.  
Adna looked at the offered opening and although she had not been the virgin
  he had hoped for had enjoyed doing it to her. In this position my fingers were
  holding my labia apart so my vulva was wide open and I could feel his fingers
  circulating around my tender inner flesh. Every so often his fingers would
  pinch my clitoris before they slid deep inside my still wet vagina. I was aroused
  again and as soon as I felt the wet running down my legs he took his fingers
  out and I felt his member slide across my fingers. Bent, as I was it allowed
  him to go deeper than he had earlier, even further in than Rory had been. Having
  to allow a little boy to penetrate me so deeply and forcing my channel apart
  it hurt and I was ashamed and humiliated at the same time so I started to sob.  
 Stop you're crying girl I am not the first to go in there, but you are the
  first woman I have had and need to know which way gives me most pleasure. Adna
  put his arms forward and gripping my breasts continued fucking me for some
  time, giving me an orgasm with each thrust before I felt him throb and ejaculate
  deep inside me. Entering from the rear and pulling on your firm hard breasts
  is the way I liked best so when the other woman is sent to me it will be fun
  pulling on her large floppy ones. My face was wet with tears as Adna told me
  to dress then called out for Rob to enter. As he entered Adna said take this
  girl to father, when he has finished with the other woman bring her to me.
  Rob led me to another room and knocked on the door; come in the father called
  out.  
 I could see Erica had just finished dressing when Rob and I entered. Did
  the girl behave asked the father? There were only the usual noises and Adna
  wants the woman sent to him so he must have enjoyed it and needs to try it
  on another answered Rob. Take her to him then, I won't be long doing this one
  and we must have them back by early morning so tell him to hurry. Back in the
  hotel Erica and I went to our rooms to wash and change then not having eaten
  since yesterday went straight in to breakfast.  
 Did they hurt you Erica asked? I looked at her and said I was the first
  naked woman the boy had seen and he wanted to see and touch everything. The
  first time he entered it was like loosing my virginity all over again then
  he had me from behind and pulling on my breasts it went in so far it was painful
  but later the father only took me on my back. Erica said I asked because that's
  how the boy entered me and for his age he has quite big so with it only being
  your second time I can understand how you were hurt. Many men enter from the
  rear; they like to feel the head of their member touch the cervix when it goes
  all the way in. Now you have had it all the way up after a few more times it
  won't hurt at all. Before the other girls joined us to take our places in the
  glass cabinets I asked if having been done twice last night would I have to
  go to only one more man.  
CHAPTER 3  
Erica answered no they have us for the night and can use us as many times
  as they want and the manager will not believe you if you say more than one
  man entered you.  
We were not taken to another hotel that morning and not having had any sleep
  last night and standing in the cabinet I was very tired so instead of eating
  lunch I went to the lounge and fell asleep on a couch. Trisha roused me and
  we went to the penthouse together but no one came for quite a while so we all
  just sat and talked about the way we had been treated the night before I was
  the only one who wished it hadn't happened, having lost their virginity the
  three girls were now quite happy to go to men for the next two nights.  
The first man to enter was well dressed and in his early thirties, he was
  very good looking and I wondered why he needed to pay for a woman. Any normal
  woman who needed a man would have been very happy to allow him to seduce her.
  His English was perfect as he said, I have been told you new girls are worth
  a look, you are all so very attractive it will be difficult for me to make
  a choice. He walked up and down several times looking at each of us in turn
  then he pointed to me. I was attracted to him; even more than I had been with
  Rory so as I stood up I felt a shiver of excitement at the thought of undressing
  in front of him. Like most women I suppose the last part we want men to see
  is our pubic area, especially so if we have no hair there like me so as my
  fingers were just easing my panties over my hips he told me to stop.  
Tell me before you show me, are you a real blond. I hesitated for an answer
  then said, yes Sir, my hair down there would be light in colour if I had any
  but I have been shaved so men can see me completely nude. He turned away and
  looking at the others asked if they also had been shaved. When they had all
  answered yes, he said, in that case I want you all to show me. No need to strip
  like this one, just drop your pants hold your skirts up spread your legs and
  squat down. I finished removing my panties and he was now looking at the lower
  half of five women who were showing him their partly opened fannies. I was
  disappointed with him having us do this, I thought he was a nice man and just
  wanted a woman for the night.  
He stood in front of each of us and after looking closely between our legs
  he pointed to me and said there is no difference in any of you so what is your
  name. I told him I was called Gina and as he left I knew I would be the one
  he wanted for the night. The porter arrived in no time asking, which one of
  us was Gina. I stepped forward and he said you are to go to room 28 on the
  second floor here is the key. It was more than a room it was a suite, there
  were two bedrooms, one with a double bed the other with twin beds, and a big
  bathroom. The lounge was well furnished so I sat and waited for him to come.
  I waited for ages and getting bored I went to the bookcase, there were only
  a few novels written in English, all the others were in foreign languages.
  Just as I was closing the doors a book fell on it's side and seeing the words
  female slaves I picked it up and started to read. It was in three parts, the
  first was titled, The Selection, the second The Training, and the third The
  Punishment.  
Glancing at the first few pages I was shocked at what I saw, it described
  how a woman stood on the auction block waiting to be examined naked before
  she was bought so I sat down again and started to read. Females are always
  naked on the block so their breasts are the first to be felt and should be
  firm to the touch with nipples that harden and swell when rolled in the fingers.
  Now feel for loose flesh by sliding your hands down her front over the waist
  and hips letting them stop at the top of her legs. A good dealer would have
  shaved her body hair so open her legs and part the swellings between to feel
  inside for her clitoris then the entrance to her vagina and to determine her
  virginity slowly enter your finger and feeling but before I could read any
  more the door opened and the man came in.  
I know you are Gina, my name is Arrisaric but call
  me Arri. I had no time to hide the book so said sorry I didn't mean to be nosy
  I didn't realise what sort of book it was. I don't mind, it was here when I
  arrived and with nothing else to do I read it last night, what did you think
  of it. I have only looked at a few pages. Well I think it's a book describing
  a fantasy and tried to imagine what it would be like going to a slave auction
  and buying a girl so that's why I came to the penthouse this afternoon but
  that wasn't anything like the book described. How would you like to pretend
  you have been captured prepared and taken to an auction to be sold as a slave
  and I am one of the buyers? Not having read the book I don't know what is involved
  I answered. That's part of the excitement; these girls didn't know either and
  being naked would be very frightened when men felt inside their vaginas. Do
  you really expect me to pay full price for a girl with no experience and since
  you have only just lost your virginity you should not find it difficult to
  play the shy maiden. Think about it over dinner and to get you ready let's
  use this as foreplay. At dinner he asked me why such an attractive girl found
  it necessary to sell myself so I told him everything.  
 Drinking our coffee I thought to myself, he has hinted I am not going to
  be good in bed and since I didn't know what a woman has to do to please a man
  he could be right. Having paid money for a woman they must expect more from
  her than laying on a bed with her legs open so what have I got to lose, I have
  even had to let a little boy play with my body and screw me. Acting a part
  can't be any worse and I fancied this man so it might be fun and said yes.
  I am glad you will help me live my fantasy; the hotels here provide every facility
  so excuse me while I make the arrangements with the manager. When he returned
  he called for two very large brandies and said, I think you will need this.
  To make this realistic I am told it will be necessary for you to accept some
  discomfort and a little pain. I am assured you will not be permanently marked
  but you should not offer yourself to another man tomorrow so if you accept
  the game I will see you are paid in full and give you an extra &pound;1000.00.
  If you say no we can go to my room and finish our original arrangement but
  I will expect a full performance so what is your answer?  
I was stunned, what do you mean, discomfort, and pain, what will happen to
  me. I don't know any more than you, the hotel will provide the service for
  me that is all I was told. There was silence as I thought about this; an extra &pound;1000.00
  would make a total of &pound;5000.00 without giving myself to another man.
  I drank the brandy and asking for another said yes, I would do it. Thank you
  Gina, now leave through the exit in the ladies toilet and the game will begin.
  As soon as I opened the exit door two men grabbed me; one tied my arms to the
  front as the other gagged me then I was dragged by the arms through another
  door and down some stairs losing my shoes on the way. My toes were rubbing
  the floor as they continued dragging me through a long dark corridor then into
  a room. We have a new one for you, one of the men said to the third man who
  was dressed in a sort of robe and sat on some cushions on the floor. When he
  said, let me see her, all my clothes were torn from my body and my arms pulled
  over my head and held there.  
She is shapely enough but her breasts are not large although I like the big
  nipples and her shaved pubes show a good cunt but I don't like blondes, take
  her away and sell her to someone else. That they all spoke English surprised
  me, it must have been part of the arrangement that I should understand all
  that was happening to me. Dragging me back through the corridor I heard one
  of them say let's take her to Zed, he will find a buyer. Coming in I hadn't
  noticed the corridor extended past the stairs and we continued to another room.
  Zed was sitting on cushions and dressed like the other man but the room was
  different. It had ropes hanging from the ceiling and they were coiled up on
  stone blocks. We have a good-looking woman with great tits can you find a buyer
  for her one of the men asked? Woman Zed answered, you should know I only trade
  in young girls but hang her up anyway; I will look at her later and pay you
  if I find a buyer. The two men forced me to stand on one of the blocks, tied
  my bound wrists to the hanging rope and pulling on the loose end I was lifted
  until just my sore toes touched the block then they left the room. Zed ignored
  me for quite some time and guessed it must be about 8:30 by now and my arms
  were starting to ache.  
At last Zed stood up and walked around me prodding and pinching as he went.
  I know a man who will be interested in a blonde with a figure like yours I
  will bring him straight away. He was only gone ten minutes and returned with
  Arri who also wore a flowing type of garment. There was no sign that Arri recognised
  me as Zed squeezed my breasts saying look how firm they are, and how these
  nipples will dig in your chest as you are riding her, and ride her you should,
  look at this. I remembered what I had read in the book and felt frightened
  when Zed lifted my legs up and pulled them apart saying feel how soft and warm
  her channel of love is. Arri felt around my vulva and after putting his fingers
  inside my vagina rubbed my clitoris so gently I wanted him and wished he would
  hurry up and pretend to buy me then take me to his room. He said I came here
  to buy a virgin and we can both see she is not so find another buyer.  
Zeds said don't be so hasty I will lower her, sit her on the block, and you
  can try her before you make me an offer. He done just that and with my arms
  still tied over my head he pushed me back far enough for my cunt to be easily
  accessible. Arri parted his robes took out his hardened member and although
  I wanted him to do it to me I wasn't ready for him to enter me. Although I
  had been fingered I was not fully aroused and being dry, the deeper he went
  in the more it hurt me and I didn't respond to him. He had only gone in twice
  when Zed said this one needs encouraging, perhaps the whip will help her remember
  what she must do to please a man. Arri said nothing as he stood back to let
  Zed pull on the rope and raise me to my toes.  
Zed went away, I was very frightened now and looked pleadingly to Arri as
  I said; please don't let him do this to me. I told you there would be some
  pain and the marks won't last long so think how you will wriggle for me as
  your sore back rubs the sheets when I am screwing you. I was so shocked hearing
  this from the man I fancied and to whom I would have enjoyed giving my body.
  Zed soon returned and dangling the stranded whip in front of me asked Arri
  if he would like to use it on me. I can't be sure if I was pleased when Arri
  said no, he might have not have applied it so hard if he had said yes. Zed
  walked behind me, I heard the strands cut the air then the searing pain spread
  all over my back. I screamed and screamed but that didn't stop another, the
  strands now cut into the side of my breast and I felt faint with the pain but
  with the third I had lost control of my body and wet myself.  
Even this didn't stop Zed. Instead he changed sides and the next strike cut
  into my other breast. Even through my screams and cries of pain I heard Zed
  say would you like the last one up between her legs. I can assure you her response
  will be that of a lover rather than a slave. It's remarkable how women suddenly
  remember what they must do for you rather than have another in the same place.
  I was almost unconscious by now but just about heard Arri say no, if she has
  to have another one do it to her her thighs and buttocks. Even semiconscious
  the pain was atrocious as the strands spread all over my lower half and at
  last I fainted. I must have been carried away; when I came too I was back in
  Arris room laying face down on the double bed. The whole of my body was racked
  with pain and I felt sick so I crawled to the bathroom and vomited. Arri was
  not there but on his return I just asked why did you have this done to me.
  I told you I didn't know what would happen but it followed the book quite well
  and that's what I asked them to do.  
 I looked at the clock, it was 10:45, it had taken two hours for me to earn &pound;1000.00
  but now I was suffering for it and I still had to complete the agreement and
  let him fuck me. You have allowed me to cover the book in general; you have
  experienced how a slave girl would have felt when she was stood on a block
  and stripped naked. The fear she would have had as she was felt all over by
  a man who fucked her to see if she was good enough to buy. Then whipped because
  she didn't respond to his satisfaction. I have examined, entered and punished
  one and now want to see how having just been bought she would submit to being
  fucked again just after the whipping. I told him I would like more time but
  as my pain eased I felt stimulated with the thought that I was a slave who
  had been bought by a man just for my body. The thought of being whipped again
  if I didn't please him started to get me aroused.  
 I called out come to me Arri, I want to try and please you this time. Arri
  spent some time exploring my body stroking and kissing me and when for my first
  time he licked my clitoris I was crying out with pleasure and couldn't wait
  any longer. The throbbing in my lower body as he entered and fucked me made
  me twist my body with his every movement and I was having multiple orgasms
  then with one final thrust to get him deep inside me I cried out and climaxed.
  He was still not satisfied and continued to give me orgasms until after what
  seemed ages he too gave a savage thrust and although taking me from the front
  went as deep as the boy had from the rear and ejaculated in me. It had taken
  me longer to satisfy the boy than Rory and the father was out of me in no time,
  but Arri had kept me at it for at least half an hour and with all the wriggling
  from the pain and pleasure I was exhausted. All Arri said was that was good,
  you can go now I will see you are paid and not having any clothes to wear he
  gave me a dressing gown. With it being late I hoped no one would see me as
  I tried to hurry my sore body back to the room.  
It was not a large room and with four beds it was crowded but it had a bathroom.
  I looked at my back in the mirror and was appalled at the red lines from my
  shoulders to my thighs. The whole of my back was stinging and smarting but
  I was thankful there was no blood so I stood in the shower and let the warm
  water run over me. It helped reduce the pain and since it was just past midnight
  none of the girls had returned so I lay face down on a bed. I went to sleep
  but the noise of the girls preparing for the day and seeing me awake they crowded
  around. Just look at your back, what did they do to you, Erica asked, and I
  told them all that had happened. Hearing what I was to be paid and need not
  go on display or have another man I don't know if they were pleased or sorry
  for me.  
I was feeling much better after good nights sleep but found it painful to
  dress. With the cuts on my breasts still sore I decided not to wear a brassiere
  but still went to breakfast. That morning we were taken to another hotel and
  since we had to stay together I went with them. As we arrived Erica said I
  have never been to this one before it must be new. We were taken to the manager
  who needed our names and measurements but didn't ask us to strip for him. It
  was he who took us to the room we would be using and told us that there would
  be no morning showing but later requirements would be similar to our last hotel.
  You are free to do as you wish but be in my office at 2:00, then I will tell
  you what you must do.  
 I had recovered remarkable well so we all went into and we would be naked
  all the time. There are mirrors in the floor and when a customer enters I want
  each of you to squat over one with your legs wide apart. I consider this position
  the best way for you to reveal all your womanly charms; he will be able to
  see your breasts and fannies at the same time. If you have no questions remove
  your clothes one at a time and put them in that cupboard, you will find hospital
  type gowns there that you may wear until you show yourselves. He watched each
  of them undress then asked to stand in front of him but when it was my turn
  he saw the marks on me and said you must be Gina. I have been told there would
  be no need for you this afternoon. It would be bad for business if customers
  thought I whipped my girls so I suggest you use the facilities here until tomorrow
  morning. I thanked him, dressed, and went to explore the hotel.  
I found a sauna and stayed there until I felt as limp as a rag but most of
  the soreness had gone as I went to our room and lying on the bed went to sleep.
  Erica woke saying the procedure had changed, we were to have dinner on our
  own and asked if I wanted to join them. I was quite healed and hungry so through
  the meal they told me about the afternoons display, how awful and painful on
  the knees it was to be viewed in the squatted position. Each of their names
  had been placed in front of them and there were so many visitors they had little
  chance to stretch their legs. They were all very stiff but having been selected
  was still expected to perform that night and would see me in the morning. Once
  again I was to be on my own and with no money to spend went to bed. As we were
  finishing breakfast and waiting for the car, the manager came to us and said
  he had been complimented on the quality of his girls and hoped we would come
  again.  
After he had gone Erica said, that was the first and last time I will go
  to that hotel, even I was embarrassed showing my open vulva; it's a terrible
  position to be in. We were collected and taken to the princes' house to be
  told by one of the servants that we were to be interviewed by prince Fiad in
  his office and to wait in the lounge until called. We went in one at a time,
  Erica first followed by Lola then Sam and Trisha each of them coming out waving
  an envelope and looking happy. Then it was my turn and Fiad asked me to tell
  him in detail everything that had happened to me. That wasn't difficult, I
  could remember clearly all the things that had been done to me. That request
  of Arias has never been asked of my girls before, if you were asked again would
  you do it. I said I was told there would be some discomfort and pain and given
  the chance to refuse but it was the money that attracted me; I wouldn't do
  it again but think it should be up to the girl to make her own choice. Now
  you have some experience will you continue to work for us, Trisha and Lola
  have agreed but Erica has said not again. The display in our new hotel was
  asking too much and since her figure is not what it was she would retire, Sam
  has also said no. If I agree how can I contact you I asked. You know where
  our offices are just call in and we will fit you into another group at the
  same rates.  
I am going to pay you for the two times you were used at the private house
  and here is your money, &pound;6000.00 in English. It was a normal airline
  so Erica Sam and I went first class and not expected to give any services on
  the flight home. I thought seriously about the money and the high living appealed
  to me so after my next period I was on the prince's plane for my second session
  as a prostitute and taken straight to Fiad's office. I am pleased you accepted,
  you are very desirable and a good example of the quality of my girls. I regret
  letting Rory take your virginity but I  w  ould like to
  try you. You have had it done four times now so you should know what pleases
  a man; I want you to come to me tonight. It was more an order than a request,
  my purpose in coming was to give myself to men and earn money although I knew
  he would not pay me. I was quite attracted to him and with him having done
  it to so many girls he would know how to fully arouse a woman and get her to
  climax so I asked what time.  
 Come to me at 6:30, I will take you in town for dinner then we will come
  back and enjoy ourselves. Enjoy myself I did, he was a wonderful lover, I had
  climaxed once before but not with the intensity of these, each of the three
  times he went in me I had several before he was ready to come out. I was wringing
  with sweat when he finished with me and went to shower but even there he bent
  me over and did it again only this time I felt he was raping rather than loving
  me. I stayed with him until morning then after breakfast together I was upset
  as he said; now you have been taken from the front and back I think you are
  ready for any request. The car came taking me to the hotel I had been in before
  and in the manager's office I joined three other women older than me. The routine
  was the same, the lobby, the penthouse, then and a bedroom to entertain the
  man.  
He was quite nice; we had a few drinks before he told me he was ready and
  waking me several times in the night had me each time. He expected no more
  than straight sex and in the morning took me to breakfast. When the car arrived
  I was taken on my own to the next hotel. It was the one requiring the floor
  squat and I was unhappy about this but committed to go through with it. It
  was a different manager this time; he asked my name what experience I had and
  my measurements. After telling him he took me to the special room where three
  other girls stood wearing the hospital gowns. Not waiting for him to tell me
  I stripped but he was not as nice as the first one, his hands went all over
  my body opening and fingering inside my vagina before I put on the gown and
  waited for the first man. Two men came together we dropped our gowns behind
  us and they watched as we opened our legs and bent down over the mirror as
  if we were peeing. They took their time looking at us and my knees hurt, now
  I understood what Erica and the girls had told me. If a lot had come we would
  have been in this position for a long time and I wondered how I would stick
  it. The two men had not been gone long before the manager came in and told
  us the customers had complained Beth and I were not open enough for them to
  see us properly but Stella was to go to room 58 at 7:30 and Anita room 46 at
  8:45.  
The manager stayed as the girls dressed and told Beth and I to take our position
  again. He stood in front of Beth and looking at the mirror kept telling her
  to open further. I heard her say I can't do it any more it hurts. It's supposed
  too, obey or you will be sent home without pay. I looked at her and could see
  she was suffering as she repositioned until he said, that's better, look at
  yourself, and see you are as open as that for the next customer. He walked
  to me and looking in my mirror said that's not wide enough either. I looked
  down at my reflection and opened my knees until I could see the entrance to
  my vagina, which from my time with the boy knew that's what men wanted a woman
  to show. He was satisfied now and telling me to be that open for the next customer
  he left with the girls. The next man was not long coming; we had just stood
  up so immediately lowered ourselves as he approached, I looked in the mirror
  again and spread my knees until I saw the round hole in the centre of my vulva.
  He looked a Beth first and I hoped he didn't take too long; this position was
  hurting my knees and thighs. When he was in front of me I knew from the look
  on his face as he saw my breasts and open fanny that he wanted me. The manager
  returned to tell me I would be wanted in room 33 at 9:30 and to wait with the
  others in our room until then. Stella and Anita were there, they told me they
  had been friends for a long time and always worked together.  
They were dancers had danced nude and submitted to men because when being
  auditioned for parts the best-paid jobs were always given to girls prepared
  to open their legs for a promoter or manager but they were not prostitutes
  and new to this. They had answered an advert for entertainers and guessed with
  the money offered that meant going to bed with men and were prepared to do
  it. They were at a different hotel yesterday and accepted what they had to
  do. This would be their second time but even as dancers today's squat position
  was embarrassing and hurt so they were not too sure about staying. I told them
  I had never done it before and wouldn't again but they should decide for themselves
  if they wanted to came to this hotel again.  
When Beth arrived she said that's enough I've never had to do that before.
  I don't know what they were saying but guessed they were arguing about my worth
  and had to stay crouched down long enough for six men to see me. I could hardly
  walk let alone open my legs to get screwed. We had nothing to do and were not
  offered any food so we just talked and rested until a porter called for Stella.
  Anita and Beth were called together leaving me on my own until the porter took
  me to room 33. Two men were in the room; one older than the other the younger
  was the one who had viewed me. Get on with it then, get us hard the old man
  ordered so I took my clothes off and lay on the bed. Seeing a woman naked won't
  get us hard so work on us.  
 I wasn't sure what they meant but knew from the past if I held their members
  it would enlarge so I stood in front of them undone the zips then put a hand
  inside each of them. Not like that on your knees and suck it. This was new
  to me and I didn't like the thought of putting their things in my mouth but
  I undone their trousers and removed them together with their underpants. There
  wasn't much of either of them so I squeezed them both until they grew a little
  then moved from one to the other putting them in my mouth. The bigger it got
  the further it went into my throat and I started to gag. Suck it you stupid
  woman, haven't you done this before. I didn't want to admit I hadn't so I tried
  sucking and clenching with my hands. This seemed to please them and the young
  one lay on the bed telling me to sit on him. I sat astride and as I guided
  it into me he told me to lay forward. This made my buttocks raise, the older
  man got on the bed behind me and pulled them apart. I never expected this and
  gritted my teeth as I felt him trying to enter my anus. Never having been entered
  there he found it difficult so as he tried to push in the more I resisted but
  at last it was inside me. All the time he was doing it my struggles to prevent
  him had made my vagina work on the young man already inside me and he climaxed
  very early but waited until the older man was ready to leave me. Having to
  do what I did had been the worst experience of my life as a whore and I was
  glad when they both got off and used me in the normal way. Each of them took
  turns to enter me from the front then bent me over and done it from the rear.  
They had been using me for several hours and not being accustomed to so much
  use my vagina was very sore so I was glad when they told me to go. I had been
  abused enough and wasn't having any more, I now had money and hired a taxi
  to take me back to the princes' house. It was late but Fiad, not having any
  women was still up so I found him and told him how I had been treated and wanted
  to be paid in full, I was going home. He understood, said he was sorry that
  when he offered me and said I was used to having it front or back he was misunderstood,
  he meant bent over not in the arse. He paid me &pound;3000.00 and asked if
  he were to offer me special work would I continue. Special work could mean
  anything, perhaps another whipping or worse so I said no and caught the next
  scheduled flight home never intending to sell my body again. Although not necessary
  at the time, Erica had taught us well and without mentioning where I was trained,
  found it easy to get a job with a proper airline. I was propositioned several
  times but never accepted until a very good-looking man of my own age invited
  me to have dinner with him. I hadn't had a man for some time and arranged to
  meet him at his hotel. After our meal he asked if I would come to his room
  and I knew if he made the right moves I would give myself to him. He was the
  perfect lover and we continued meeting.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mirabile Dectu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





