BDSM Library - Undercover Operation Gone Awry




Undercover Operation Gone Awry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Undercover agent Patty Vogel is drugged and her breasts are tortured.  Only when she sees her younger sister being tortured does she reveal the details of the district attorney�s investigation into corruption by the head of the city�s building department.Undercover Operation Gone Awry  
I  
The powerful head of the city building department stared at the e-mail message
  displayed on his flat-screen monitor. As usual, he was in his office more than
  an hour before any of his staff, checking voice mail and e-mail.  
Better print a copy and delete this one, he thought. I wonder where else
  this message sits that I can't get to? He waited for the sheet of paper to
  emerge from the printer next to his keyboard, then with several clicks of the
  mouse he deleted the message from his inbox and also from the building department's
  main server.  
Swiveling around in his chair, he placed the printout on his desk and slowly
  read it again:  
From: Jennifer Patrick [jennipat@myserv.net]  
Sent: Monday, August 2, 2004
  11:56 p.m.  
To: John.Thompson@building.city.gov  
Subject: Hi!  
Dad,  
Trouble. The DA's office has
  been interviewing several people (I don't know who) that do business with your
  department. They are preparing a case to take to the Grand Jury.  
They have also brought in an
  outside investigator for some sort of undercover operation. I don't know any
  of the details, only that the whole thing is being referred to around the office
  here as 'Operation Mason.'  
Be careful, and take care of
  yourself!  
JP  
Despite the seriousness of the message, John Thompson smiled. Smart girl,
  he thought. Nobody would pay attention to that subject heading. Then he frowned.
  Ms. Jennifer Patrick ("JP") was not his real daughter. She had been married
  at one time to his oldest son. He was still closer to Jennifer than he was
  to his own daughters. They understood each other without being judgmental.  
Operation Mason, Operation Mason . . . , he repeated to himself as he turned
  back to the computer on the table behind his large, cluttered desk. After a
  few mouse clicks he was scrolling through the appointments in his electronic
  calendar. Nothing stood out on today's schedule. He moved to Wednesday. Whoa!
  he breathed. There it was. For Wednesday, 4 August, at 8:00 a.m. First thing
  tomorrow morning. An appointment with Julia A. Mason from ABC Developers, Inc.
  He had been head of the city building department for twenty-seven years, and
  he had never heard of Julia A. Mason or ABC. Julia Mason&mdash;Operation Mason
  . . .  
He turned back to his desk and picked up the handset on one of the telephones.
  His chief of staff was not in her office yet. 7:10 a.m., he noted on the wall
  clock mounted over his office door as he waited for her voice mail to kick
  in. Twenty-five hours to prepare for Ms. Mason.  
He spoke to the automated recording device after the beep: "Mrs. Chew, when
  you get in, drop everything and come straight in to my office. Wait. First,
  call Doc and get him over here right away. We've got a problem." Suddenly he
  worried that he should not have used the telephone in case his lines were being
  tapped. But then he decided that, even if someone were listening or recording
  his calls, there was nothing in this one to cause anyone to conclude that the
  secret of Operation Mason had leaked out.  
II  
Patty Vogel stopped on the sidewalk in front of the city building department
  headquarters and looked at her wristwatch. It was Wednesday morning, 7:50 a.m.
  Good, she thought. Right on time. Very professional. Want to make a good first
  impression on Big John Thompson.  
She pulled the brass handle of the heavy glass door and strode confidently
  to the bank of elevators. The heels of her black pumps made a loud clacking
  sound as she walked. She sensed the uniformed man at the security desk watching
  her all the way. Professional curiosity? Lust? She couldn't tell which and
  did not want to call any more attention to herself by making eye contact with
  him.  
Finally the doors of the middle elevator opened, and as she turned to press "12" she
  faced the security guard. He was staring at her legs. Lust, she concluded as
  the doors closed. Good. Better that than professional curiosity. What she didn't
  see was the security guard picking up the handset on the telephone at his station
  and pressing the number for department the head's chief of staff as the elevator
  began its vertical journey.  
The heavy double wooden doors to the department's administrative suite were
  still locked when Patty tried to enter. Don't tap your toe or fidget, she reminded
  herself. Rather than pace back and forth in front of the locked doors&mdash;and
  to calm herself (she always experienced a last-minute rush of nervousness at
  the start of an undercover assignment)&mdash;she walked leisurely to the floor-to-ceiling
  glass windows opposite the offices. Looking out over the north side of downtown,
  she tried to concentrate on one building in the distance so as not to show
  her tension to the security cameras. She took it for granted that there were
  security cameras but made no effort to locate them. I should look at my notes,
  she told herself, and took a piece of paper from the leather notepad cover
  that she cradled in her left arm. Her black handbag hung from her bent left
  elbow. She wondered whether she should take a pen from her bag and pretend
  to add to her notes.  
Just then she heard the sounds of the office doors behind her being unlocked.
  She turned and watched a middle-aged Asian-American woman prop both doors open
  then disappear into the large, brightly lighted outer office. Must be Sally
  Chew, the department head's chief of staff&mdash;and supposed right-hand-man
  (or is it right-hand-woman?) in all sorts of Big John's illegal doings, she
  speculated. Patty took a deep breath. Well, here we go, she said to herself.
  Good luck, Julia Mason! Break a leg!  
Patty/Julia walked into the large outer office and up to the reception desk
  where a younger Asian woman was seated.  
"Good morning," said the seated woman. "May I help you?"  
"Yes, good morning," replied Patty. "My name is Julia Mason. With ABC Developers.
  I have an appointment with Mr. Thompson." She took a business card that the
  District Attorney's Office had had printed up for this undercover assignment
  from her notepad cover and handed it down to the young woman. The receptionist
  typed a few strokes on her computer keyboard and looked up.  
"Yes. Ms. Mason, okay. Mr. Thompson is expecting you." She handed the phony
  business card back to Patty. "Go right in." She saw Patty looking around for
  the appropriate door and pointed to a corridor along the side wall. "To your
  right and all the way back. Mrs. Chew will take you the rest of the way."  
"Thank you," said Patty smiling as she began her long-legged stride toward
  the corridor. She sensed more than saw the receptionist staring at her legs
  as she walked. What is it with my legs this morning? she mused as she walked
  passed several closed office doors that lined both sides of the corridor. Do
  I have a run in my pantyhose? Oh, well. Too late now.  
At the end of the corridor was another outer office, this one smaller than
  the one she had just left. It was an L-shaped space with a desk on the left
  side and a waiting area on the right. The woman Patty had seen opening the
  doors was now seated at the main desk. Patty held out the bogus business card.
  The woman took it and without looking at it, her computer, or the appointment
  calendar on her desk pushed back her chair and stood up.  
"Yes, Ms. Mason. Good morning. Mr. Thompson is expecting you. Follow me."  
That's odd, Patty thought as she followed the pretty middle-aged office manager
  to and through the door into the building department head's spacious, gorgeously
  furnished office.  
"Mr. Thomson, this is Julia Mason from ABC Developers," she announced again
  without bothering to glance down at the card in her hand. A very tall broad-shouldered
  man in brown suit and white shirt rose and extended his hand. They don't call
  him Big John Thompson for nothing, Patty said to herself. She strode to his
  desk and shook his massive hand as the office manager placed her bogus business
  card on his desk.  
"Good morning. How are you, Miss Mason?" the building head inquired pleasantly.  
"I'm fine, thank you," Patty replied. "Thanks for seeing me on such short
  notice."  
"That's alright. Shall we sit over here?" He pointed to some comfortable-looking
  high-back leather chairs surrounding a round coffee table. "Would you like
  something to drink? Coffee? Tea?"  
"Water would be fine, thank you, . . . if you have some," Patty replied as
  she settled into one of the leather chairs. Her buttocks sank deeply into the
  soft upholstery. Big John sat opposite her, filling his chair. She carefully
  crossed her long legs, left over right, as she set her purse down on the floor.
  Without looking directly at him, she knew that Big John, too, was ogling her
  legs, the hemline of her skirt, her black pumps. Help yourself, big guy, she
  said to herself as she opened her notepad. She wondered if she should "accidentally" cause
  her skirt to ride up her legs to give the building head a better look at the
  outside of her left thigh. She decided against it. Not professional, she concluded.  
The office manager&mdash;remember her name; Sally Chew, Patty reminded herself
  for the sixth or seventh time&mdash;had taken a bottle of purified water from
  the small office refrigerator under the table behind the big desk. As she came
  around to where the two were sitting she dropped the cap into a wastebasket
  and took an empty glass from among several lined up upside down on the credenza.  
"Thank you," said Patty as she set the glass down on the coffee table and
  filled it with liquid from the chilled plastic bottle.  
"It was my pleasure," replied Mrs. Chew, smiling as she left the room. She
  closed the private office door behind her. Odd, thought Patty again.  
Still looking enthusiastically at Patty's legs, Big John Thompson began: "Now
  Miss Mason, what can I do for you? I don't believe I know ABD. Please, tell
  me something about your company."  
Patty swallowed the last of the water in her glass. "Well, we're a new company
  located out of state . . ."  
"Located where, please, Miss Mason?" Big John interrupted.  
"Actually, we're opening up offices in several states including this one." The
  cold water had a calming effect, so she poured another glass full as she began
  to describe the mythical company that she purportedly represented. "I'm the
  regional representative with responsibility for this state and three others."  
Big John glanced up from her legs and smiled. He either hadn't noticed that
  she had evaded answering his first question, or didn't care so long as she
  didn't mind him staring at her legs.  
She took another drink of the bottled water from the glass and continued. "We
  would like to begin the process of developing several tracts of land that we
  have just acquired options on. My company has asked me to make the initial
  contact with your department and to see how we might proceed in the most expeditious
  manner possible." She was glad that she had asked for bottled water rather
  than the coffee that Big John was sipping without taking his eyes off her legs.
  It had had a calming effect on her nerves. She was beginning to feel relaxed.  
"Where are these tracts of land?" he asked.  
Patty had to think for a moment. The storyline that she had rehearsed so
  many times with the District Attorney suddenly seemed to be slipping out of
  her mind. Concentrate! she told herself sternly. What's wrong with you?  
"Two tracts are in the northern part of the city, adjacent to the old landfill," she
  answered after blinking her eyelids twice. I can't be sleepy, she thought.
  As always she had not slept well the night before, but adrenalin always carried
  the day when an undercover assignment began. "The other tracts are in the eastern
  part . . ." She stopped and tried again to finish her sentence. ". . . eastern
  part of the city next to . . . next to . . . next . . ." She stopped again,
  unable to finish. She stared quizzically at the department head.  
He was smiling. He studied her face for a moment without saying anything,
  then put his cup down on the table and stood up. To Patty he now looked ten
  feet tall. She tried to say something.  
"How do you feel, Miss Mason?" Big John asked politely.  
"Not . . . not very . . .," she tried to answer. She was more than relaxed.
  She tried to uncross her legs to sit up straighter, but her strength was ebbing
  too rapidly. Her legs fell open awkwardly. She struggled to lean forward but
  could not. Seemingly exhausted, she gave in and let her head sink backward,
  her arms dropping down the sides of the soft chair. The open notepad case slipped
  from her lap, landed on its corner on the floor outside her spread legs, then
  fell over closed up with a sheet of white paper&mdash;her notes&mdash;sticking
  out. She was fully awake and aware of what was going on, but she could not
  move a muscle. She watched as the tall man chuckled.  
He came toward her, bent down to pick up her purse, and dumped its contents
  on the coffee table. He studied the objects that had tumbled out. A lipstick,
  a compact, a small packet of facial tissues, a comb, . . . Hmmmm, he mused.
  No wallet. No cellphone, either. And no car keys, or keys of any kind, for
  that matter. She's the undercover investigator from the DA's office, alright.
  She didn't bring anything with her that might give her real identity away if
  she were exposed.  
He went around his desk to one of the telephones.  
"Mrs. Chew, it worked. Is Doc out there? Good. The two of you get in here."  
He walked back and stared down at the helpless woman who stared up at him
  with fear in her eyes. Pretty, he thought. Blond hair, nice wool suit, nice&mdash;looks
  like silk&mdash;white blouse, black shoes. No wedding ring. Gold ankle bracelet.
  How did I miss that? Must have been under the table. He looked into the wide,
  frightened blue eyes of Patricia Vogel/Julia A. Mason and smiled. Her face
  was placid, but the fear in her eyes was obvious. She knew she was in real
  trouble. He smiled down at her again and said to himself: We'll take care of
  you, you stupid bitch!  
The office door opened and in a moment Patty saw the Asian chief of staff
  and an older man wearing metal-rimmed glasses. They stood beside the building
  head looking down at her.  
"Doc, whatever you gave us worked fast," Big John said appreciatively.  
"I told you it would," the older man with the glasses replied. He sounded
  slightly offended. "What do you want me to do?"  
"Make her talk. Do you have some truth serum or something?"  
"Yes, I think I have something that will do the trick," Doc replied. He put
  an old fashioned doctor's bag on the desk behind him. Patty hadn't noticed
  it in his hand. He took out two syringes, one larger than the other. Each appeared
  to be filled with a clear liquid. Patty tried to maneuver defensively, but
  her limp body failed to respond to her brain's commands. Her eyes widened in
  fright.  
"Mrs. Chew, will you please remove the young lady's jacket and roll up her
  sleeve?" the older man asked.  
The chief of staff moved in front of Patty and bent over her. She yanked
  open the suit jacket, roughly grabbed Patty by the hair, and pulled her head
  forward into her own stomach. Then she wiggled the woman's arms out of each
  sleeve, each freed arm flopping limply again down the sides of the overstuffed
  chair. Dropping the wool suit jacket to the floor, she paused. "Which arm?" she
  asked.  
"The left, if you please," replied Doc.  
Mrs. Chew grabbed the sleeve of Patty's dangling left arm and pulled it up
  onto the chair arm. She unbuttoned the cuff and, holding the young woman's
  wrist with her right hand, worked the silk up over the elbow with her left.
  She made sure the limp left arm, palm upward, did not fall down to the side
  of the chair again, then stepped out of the way.  
"Thank you," said Doc. He removed the cover from the needle of one of the
  syringes, held it up to the light, and squirted a few drops into the air.  
"What's that, Doc?" Big John asked.  
"Something to make her muscles work again," he replied. "Not the major muscle
  groups so much; just enough for her to speak. She can't tell you anything if
  she can't speak." The bespectacled man was once again fishing for something
  in his quaint little doctor's bag. This time he produced a small brown bottle
  and a packet which he tore open. It contained either gauze or cotton, Patty
  couldn't tell which. Unscrewing the top on the little glass bottle, the older
  man stepped next to her, tapped a little liquid on the white puffy material,
  and bent over her left arm.  
He swabbed the inside of her elbow, pinched here and there until he found
  a vein, then pushed the needle slowly under the skin. The clear liquid went
  in easily and quickly. Patty tried to watch, but because she could not move
  her head she did not actually see the injection being given to her. Soon a
  burning sensation began to spread up and down her left arm.  
"How long will it take?" asked Big John.  
"Not long at all," replied Doc.  
"Then you better get her thumb print now, Mrs. Chew," Big John said. "Did
  you bring your fingerprint kit, Doc?"  
"Yes, it's in my bag. Get it out," he nodded at Mrs. Chew. The chief of staff
  peered into the bag, retrieved a small black case, unzipped it, and knelt by
  Patty's dangling right arm. "You hold it, Doc," she instructed. With the older
  man assisting, Mrs. Chew grasped Patty's right thumb, pressing it first onto
  the ink pad, then onto an index card from the case. She stood up and rezipped
  the little fingerprint kit without bothering to wipe the black smudge from
  Patty's thumb. She handed the kit to the older man and held up the card with
  the thumb print on it. "I'll scan this and have it checked against the databases," she
  said as she headed for the door to the outer office.  
"Check it yourself," Big John amended. "Don't involve any of the staff."  
The woman nodded as she closed the door behind her.  
Patty groaned. The two men looked down at her. She was trying to move her
  legs, but they were scarcely responding. She was beginning to move her head
  slightly from side to side.  
Big John sat down on the edge of the coffee table and placed one of his big
  hands&mdash;Patty couldn't tell which&mdash;on her exposed right thigh. "Now,
  Miss Mason," he began authoritatively after clearing his throat. "Or whatever
  your real name is." He noted Patty's reaction and continued, "Oh, yes. We know
  that you are not Julia A. Mason from ABC Developers, Inc. As soon as Mrs. Chew
  finishes her computer search, we'll know who you really are. Any undercover
  operative that the DA would use will be in one databank or another." He noted
  how Patty winced again at the mention of this new factoid. "Oh, we know about
  Operation Mason"&mdash;another wince&mdash;"but we need you to tell us the
  details. Who has been talking to the DA, how far along their investigation
  is, things like that. You will tell us. Doc, here, has a syringe full of chemicals
  that will allow you&mdash;no, compel you&mdash;to tell us everything. If not
  one syringe, then another, and another, and another&mdash;all day and all night,
  if we need to&mdash;in order to learn it all. I have cancelled all my appointments
  for the day. You will be my guest until we have finished our business with
  you.  
"Doc, how long before you can give her the truth drug, or whatever it is?"  
The older man looked at his wristwatch. "I could give it to her now, I guess.
  No need to wait until the antidote has completely taken effect." He took the
  second syringe from the pocket of his sport coat and readied it for use. This
  time, the injection was slow and required some noticeable effort on the man's
  part to get the clear liquid out of the syringe, through the needle, and into
  the Patty's body. This time the pain was intense. A fiery sensation was soon
  spreading up and down her arm. A sound that tried to be a cry or maybe a moan
  almost formed in her throat, but her muscles had not been sufficiently restored
  to give it shape.  
"Oh, don't worry," said Big John reassuringly. "This room is electronically
  soundproofed. When you are up to it, you may scream as loudly as you like.
  No one can hear you."  
He smiled. "However, I don't think that you will find it necessary to scream.
  We will not be inflicting any real pain on you. Pain is too inefficient, and
  it takes too long. We believe in 'Better living through chemistry,' right Doc?" He
  laughed at himself.  
The older man nodded in agreement. He had finishing emptying the syringe
  into the Patty's arm and slowly withdrew the long needle, swabbing the hole
  it left with the alcohol-treated material.  
"Go to hell," Patty was able to mumble, but just barely audibly.  
"Well," said a suddenly pleased Big John. "Doc, how soon before the new drug
  takes effect?"  
"In a couple of minutes," was the reply.  
They noticed that the young woman began to writhe ever so perceptibly. Murmuring
  or low-grade groaning could be heard.  
"Good," Big John announced and patted the woman's stockinged thigh merrily.  
"Well, then, I think I'll go get some coffee," the older man in glasses announced. "Do
  you want some?"  
"You can get a cup in the outer office."  
"No thanks. I've had your office coffee before. I need something better.
  I'll be back soon."  
"Fifteen minutes," commanded the department head.  
The other man nodded reluctantly and left the room.  
"Now, Miss, are you comfortable?"  
Patty didn't want to answer her inquisitor, but this seemed like a harmless
  question, so she tried. Nothing happened at first. Then she mumbled, "Yes,
  except for . . ." This awful burning in my arm, she said to herself, unable
  to string together any more words just yet.  
"Good." He patted her thigh again. He seemed happy with the way things were
  going. "Let's start with some easy questions while we wait for the drug to
  take full effect. You wouldn't want to refuse to answer easy questions, would
  you? No one will be hurt by your answers, will they? Well, let's see . . .
  Do you live in this city?"  
Patty caught herself just as she began trying to verbalize an answer. Her
  training years earlier had covered situations like this. She could recall one
  strategy that she had been taught: listen to the question, pretend that you
  have been asked a totally different question&mdash;about something pleasant&mdash;then
  concentrate with all you might on answering the imaginary question. Psychologically,
  you'll feel like you have answered the question, but you won't actually be
  giving away anything important. At least that was the way the strategy was
  supposed to work. She thought for a moment about something pleasant, then invented
  a question related to it, and began formulating her answer.  
"Yes, he was the one with the big cock," she half mumbled, half spoke. Her
  ability to speak was almost back.  
Stunned, Big John took his hand off the woman's leg as if it were the source
  of intense heat. He furrowed his brow and looked into her face curiously.  
"Wha . . . What was that? I'm not sure I heard you. Are you a resident of
  this city?"  
"Yes," she announced happily. Big John exhaled, relieved. "He's the one you
  saw me with. When he was balling me, I thought his cock would come out my mouth.
  I was sore for a week!" She giggled, sort of, or at least that is what he thought
  she did. His frown returned.  
"Okay, let's try another easy question. Did you go to college? Which college
  did you attend?"  
He watched her face as she seemed to be considering the question intently.
  Then she said, "No, she's the one with the little tits. You're thinking of
  the other bitch, the redhead. The one we double-dated with was her roommate,
  the brunette with no chest." Now she also frowned.  
Big John got up and went to his telephones. He picked up the handset from
  one of them and pressed a button. He was obviously annoyed. "Mrs. Chew, is
  the Doc still there? Okay, see if you can find him, fast. What? Okay, come
  in first, then." He hung up and stared angrily at the young woman who was now
  struggling to sit more upright in the chair. Her black skirt was nearly in
  her lap, her knees were spread apart, her ankles turned outward. There were
  two red dots in the elbow of her bare left arm, one very much larger than the
  other surrounded by a large pink blotch.  
The chief of staff burst into the office waving a sheet of paper. "Her name
  is Patricia Ann Vogel. She's a licensed private investigator. She lives at
  18329 South Landover Street, Apartment 22." The woman was practically shouting.  
"Good." Big John's mood brightened a bit. "Which Special Unit is on call?"  
"Unit 33."  
"Okay. Get them over to . . . what was the address, . . . something on Landover?
  Turn the place inside out. Get back to me right away." His aide turned to leave. "Don't
  use the phones. Go down to the basement yourself."  
The woman closed the office door beyond her. Big John studied the incapacitated
  young undercover agent for a long time. She seemed to be smiling. Thinking
  about the boyfriend with the big cock, he speculated. Finally the bespectacled
  Doc returned carrying a large paper coffee cup. "You were looking for me, boss?" he
  said.  
"Doc, shouldn't the truth serum be working by now?"  
Doc looked at his watch. "Sure. What's the problem?"  
"Listen. Patricia Vogel, where do you live? Tell me where you live?"  
Patty's smile seemed to widen. "I already told you," she replied.  
"Tell me again."  
"The one with the big cock. He fucked my fucking brains out."  
Big John turned angrily to Doc. "See there? What's going on? I ask her one
  question, she answers another. The stuff's not working."  
Doc considered the matter for a while. "May be an old batch. Lost its strength."  
"What should we do? Give her more serum?"  
Doc shook his head. "No, I don't have any fresh serum with me."  
"How about applying some pain. Do you have anything that will cause some
  serious pain?"  
Doc looked into his bag on the desk. "Hmmmm." He rubbed his nose thoughtfully.
  Patty was no longer smiling. She was watching the older man carefully. "I have
  an experimental solution that I have been wanting to try. I've never used it
  on anyone before, so I don't know how it would interact with what's already
  in her system."  
"What does it do?" Big John wanted to know.  
"It attacks the breasts. It causes all kinds of bad stuff to happen, supposedly.
  I hear it's pretty fast-acting and very painful throughout the entire mammary
  area. And can cause permanent damage, unless an antidote is given within a
  reasonable amount of time. That's all I know about it."  
Patty's eyes darted between the two men.  
"Sounds good. Give it to her," ordered the department head.  
The older man nodded and put down his coffee cup. Walking over to where Patty
  was sprawled helplessly in the deep chair, he bent over her and began unbuttoning
  her blouse.  
"What the hell are you doing, Doc?" Big John asked angrily.  
"Taking off her clothes," the other man answered, also somewhat angrily. "Or
  at least on top. I need to inject directly into her breasts."  
"Oh," said Big John, slightly embarrassed at not guessing what the other
  man was doing.  
Doc finished with the buttons and pulled the tails of the silk blouse free
  of the waistband on Patty's skirt. With the same arm-waving motion that accompanied
  the earlier removal of her suit jacket, he extracted the young woman's arms
  from the sleeves of her silk blouse. Hands placed gently on her shoulders,
  he pulled her forward and began fumbling with the hooks at the back of her
  bra.  
"No," protested Patty weakly, still unable to move her limbs to offer resistance.
  Not that resistance would have been effective.  
"Shut up!" Big John hissed angrily.  
Finally the older man managed to unhook Patty's brassiere.  
"Out of practice," he chuckled embarrassedly.  
The young woman's exposed light skin and white undergarment contrasted with
  the black wool fabric of her hiked-up skirt and tan colored pantyhose as she
  slumped motionless, arms dangling, glaring up into the face of the man they
  called Doc. Carefully he removed each arm from the straps and with both hands
  slowly pulled the bra away from Patty's chest.  
The two men stared down at Patty's breasts. They rose and fell slowly with
  her deep breathing, round, firm, white, but not unusually large. She's got
  nothing to write home about, Big John thought.  
Doc was taking a brown vial and two empty syringes from his bag. He filled
  each syringe with what appeared to Patty to be a thick, pinkish solution. He
  paused before the woman sprawled helplessly in the chair. She stared up at
  him, partly in anger and partly in fear. "No, don't," she muttered.  
"What are you waiting for?" scowled Big John.  
"Nothing," Doc replied. "I just . . . This is not . . . I'm not used to .
  . ."  
"You're being well paid." Big John was becoming angry. "Do it to her!"  
Doc sighed. He bent forward and swabbed the nipple and areola of Patty's
  left breast with the alcohol-drenched gauze. The moisture was cool, almost
  cold on her skin. She was unable to prevent her nipple from hardening and extending.
  She stared intently into the older man's eyes as if the strength of her will
  alone would somehow prevent him from doing what he was about to do to her.  
It did not. Doc primed the first syringe and leaned closer. With his left
  thumb and forefinger he gently but firmly held Patty's engorged nipple. Then
  he slowly, painfully inserted the full length of the needle. Patty held her
  breath. She glared determinedly into the man's eyes. It wasn't deterring him;
  he peered intently at her nipple and the syringe. The long needle was no longer
  visible, it's entire length having penetrated Patty's left breast.  
Removing his thumb and finger from Patty's nipple, Doc held the syringe in
  his left hand and began to press on the plunger. The thick serum was evidently
  difficult to inject. Doc set his jaw at the effort required. As soon as the
  serum began exiting the tip of the needle deep inside her breast, Patty felt
  an incredible burning sensation. Even before the syringe had been emptied into
  her, the burning was spreading outward toward the skin.  
Patty bit her lip and held her breath. She could not prevent a low moan from
  becoming audible. As Doc slowly pulled the needle back out of her breast, it
  felt as if a fire had broken out inside.  
"Oh!" Patty hissed before regaining control of her lips. She resolved to
  not let her torturers no how much they were hurting her, no matter what they
  did to her. It would be the second failed strategy of her captivity.  
"I wonder . . ." Doc stood indecisively after straightening up. He looked
  at the empty syringe in his right hand.  
"What?" asked Big John Thompson.  
"I wonder if one will be enough to . . . to achieve the results that you
  want."  
"If one is good," Big John replied, "then two is twice as good. Give her
  one in the other tit!"  
Patty wanted to shout out, no, don't do it! Fire already raged inside her
  left breast. At least maybe she could prevent the same thing from being done
  to her right breast. No! her mind was screaming. But she bit her lip and forced
  herself to remain silent. I will not let them know what I am feeling, no matter
  how painful it is! she told herself sternly.  
"Okay," said Doc. He picked up the small bottle of alcohol and splashed some
  more onto the piece of gauze. The process with the young woman's right breast
  was the same as with the left: a cold cleansing of the nipple and areola, a
  gentle but firm steadying of the elongated nipple, insertion of the long needle
  through the nipple and deep into the breast, intense squeezing of the think
  serum, intense burning pain beginning almost immediately, then withdrawal of
  the needle.  
Doc straightened as if his back was hurting from bending over the woman.
  Both men stared silently at her breasts for a while. Finally Big John asked, "How
  long before it does whatever it's supposed to do, Doc?"  
"She should begin feeling changes in her breasts within minutes. Swelling
  should be fairly rapid and continue for several hours, maybe even days. There
  will be discoloration of the skin. The pain should be intense from the beginning
  and remain so over time as well."  
"Do you have the antidote, Doc? Get it out so that she knows that when she
  tells me what I need to know we'll fix her up."  
"I don't have any at the moment, but I know where to get some. The same people
  who sold me this batch also sell an antidote. I could get some in a half hour
  or so."  
"Okay." Big John pulled up a straight-back chair from the nearby conference
  table and sat down next to Patty. He studied her face, then her rhythmically
  heaving breasts, then her face again. Patty began to murmur. She was biting
  hard into her lower lip and slowly moving her head from side to side. So far
  she had been able to avoid making a sound, despite the twin fires no burning
  out of control inside her.  
"Patricia, according to the Doc here, you're going to have a lot pain in
  your tits. A lot of pain. It's going to become quite unpleasant for you. If
  you answer a few questions about the DA's investigation, we will get the antidote
  for you. Maybe it won't be too late to stop the process. Otherwise, you'll
  have to suffer for a long, long time. Despite your background or training or
  whatever, you know that you will eventually tell me what I want to know. We're
  just getting started with you. It's only . . ." he paused to look at his watch ".
  . . 9:15. You've only been here for a little over an hour. We have all day
  and all night, if necessary. Doc here has lots of other chemicals that cause
  pain to lots of different parts of the body, don't you, Doc? Let's do a deal,
  Patricia. You answer my questions, and Doc will go get the antidote for you
  before things get out of hand."  
Patty shook her head from side to side more vigorously in response. The pain
  throughout her breasts was getting worse, however. She moaned, then held her
  breath, angry at herself for making the kind of sound that would signal to
  her torturers that indeed they had begun to cause her great pain. Reflexively
  she tried to lift her arms to touch her burning breasts, but she still could
  not move her limbs. When she realized that this would have been another signal
  to her tormenters, she was glad that the earlier drug had not worn off, that
  it inadvertently was preventing her from revealing information about the extent
  of her pain.  
"Okay, then, Patricia," sighed Big John, "you'll just have to suffer. We'll
  wait until the pain is too much for you to tolerate." He crossed his legs,
  folded his arms, and watched her silently for a long time.  
Patty cold hear a clock ticking in the background. She wished she couldn't
  hear it, because it seemed to be keeping time with the ratcheting up of the
  pain in her breasts. She closed her eyes, she didn't know why. Did she want
  them to think that she was sleeping? Did she want to try to sleep? Was she
  trying to demonstrate that, no matter what they did to her body, she could
  take it and wouldn't break? Was she trying demonstrate this to them, or to
  herself? She wouldn't, would she? The sudden flash of self-doubt caused her
  eyes to spring open. Time seemed to be sanding still. How long had it been?
  Minutes? Seconds?  
She was beginning to feel more pain than she had ever felt in her life. She
  tried to describe it to herself. Firey, burning sensation. Like molten lava.
  More than that. Throbbing, aching, stabbing pain, concentrated in each of her
  breasts. Growing by the minute&mdash;by the second? For the first time she
  felt herself perspiring. Her forehead had become damp. Too fast, this is happening
  too fast, she realized. How bad will this get? How bad can  it
  get? Much worse, they had said&mdash;much worse, for hours, . . . maybe days.
  My God, no! she thought. She shuddered and closed her eyes. Try to concentrate
  on something pleasant, she commanded herself. Where's the memory of that big
  cock now?  
But all Patty could think about was the terrible pain in her breasts that
  kept increasing with each breath. Hold on, she told herself, hold on, girl!
  She could feel perspiration running down her bare ribs. She tried to move her
  limbs, but the result was more squirming than motion.  
"Aaaaaaahhhhhh!" she breathed out softly, and turned her head to one side.  
Big John looked at his watch. It was nearly 9:45 a.m. Thirty minutes or so
  had elapsed since the destructive agent had been injected. He reached out and
  grabbed Patty by the chin, turning her face toward his. "How's it going, Patricia?" he
  asked sarcastically. "Feeling alright? Everything okay?"  
Patty groaned. She clinched her teeth and tried unsuccessfully to twist her
  head out of his grasp. Big John squeezed harder. With his free hand he reached
  out and squeezed her left breast like a melon. "How are your titties feeling
  now, hmm?" Patty let out the nearest thing to a scream that she had mustered
  since being drugged soon after 8:00 a.m. The act of touching itself was torment.
  But Big John was doing more than touching. He was squeezing her enflamed, swelling
  breast with one of his huge hands. Squeezing hard.  
The department head was shocked with what we was feeling. Thirty minutes
  after the woman had been injected, her breast was hard as a rock. The breast
  was also larger than it had been before they injected her. So was the right
  one.  
"My offer still stands," he said optimistically as he let go of Patty's left
  breast and began squeezing the right one. "Doc will leave right now, won't
  you, Doc? Just shake you head 'Yes,' and the antidote will be on its way. I'll
  even wait until you've received it to start the questioning."  
"Nooooooooo!" she cried out, almost back to full voice.  
" 'No,' what?" he asked. "No deal? Patricia, you don't mean that! 'Yes' is
  the correct answer." He was squeezing as hard as he could. Patty was holding
  her breath so as not to cry out again. Her face was rapidly becoming red. She
  couldn't prevent the tears that had formed in the corner of her eyes from beginning
  to run down her cheeks. "It's simple. Just say 'Yes' and you can have the antidote
  that will stop the pain in your boobs."  
He released her breast and her chin at he same time. Patty exhaled. She pressed
  the side of her face deeply into the soft leather of the chair.  
"Tell you what I'll do," said Big John as if overcome by a sudden inspiration. "As
  an act of good faith&mdash;and in advance of your anticipated cooperation&mdash;I
  will have Doc here leave right now to get the antidote." He turned toward the
  older man who had been sitting in the chair behind the big desk. "Doc, how
  long did you say it would take? Half an hour?"  
"Maybe less," said Doc optimistically without moving from the desk chair.  
Big John turned back to Patty. "Did you hear that?" he asked enthusiastically. "Maybe
  less than half an hour! That's exactly how long it would take for you to answer
  the very few questions that I have for you about Operation Mason. In just a
  few more minutes you could be on your way to feeling fine again."  
Still pressing against the soft leather, Patty shook her head defiantly.  
"Doc, I'm confident that she'll reconsider. Why don't you go get what we
  need? My guess is that by the time you get back, she'll have told me what I
  want to know."  
Doc nodded in agreement as he rose from the chair and headed for the door.  
"Send Mrs. Chew in on your way out, will you?"  
The door remained open for what seemed like quite a while until the chief
  of staff entered and closed it.  
"Mrs. Chew, come over here. I need you expertise in psychology."  
The woman stood next to the chair in which her boss was seated. The pair
  gazed silently down at Patty's breasts. They were already a sickening sight.
  Surprisingly swollen in such a sort period of time, they were beginning to
  look like bloated, rotten melons hanging from the woman's chest. They were
  also becoming discolored: bluish, reddish, brownish, with deep blue or purple
  veins darting here and there; areolas a blackish color. And the nipples . .
  . Both nipples were blue-black in color and swollen beyond belief. A yellowish
  fluid with a bit of red was seeping from each swollen nipple. Patty's eyes
  were closed now. Her head was still turned to the right and pressed deep into
  the cushion of the chairback. Her lips were tightly closed. She was shaking
  as if she were crying.  
Big John motioned toward Patty with his head. Mrs. Chew stepped to the chair
  and bent down toward the suffering younger woman, placing her hands on the
  chair arms for balance.  
"Patricia," the woman began. "Patricia, listen to me. If I were you, I'd
  tell Mr. Thompson everything he wants to know . . . right now. I'm no doctor,
  but if you asked me, I'd say that you need medical attention immediately. Your
  tits have been badly injured. Our doctor has gone for some medication. He will
  be back soon."  
Patty shook her head slowly. She seemed to be trying unsuccessfully to roll
  up her long fingers into clinched fists.  
"Patricia, from one woman to another, you are in serious trouble. You need
  help right now."  
Again Patty shook her head. The word "No" made its way out of her mouth,
  past the leather upholstery.  
Mrs. Chew leaned in closer to the young woman's ear: "Patricia Ann Vogel,
  listen to me. I know these men. I have worked with them for a long time. They
  will not stop working you over until they get what they need. They will keep
  giving you more of whatever they gave you until your breasts are completely
  ruined. Not only disfigured, but completely destroyed! The way they look now,
  they're well on their way. Then they will start in on other parts of your body.
  As a woman, you know what I am talking about." She turned slightly to look
  back at Big John. He was smiling, enjoying the psychological torture that Mrs.
  Chew was so good at. He nodded approvingly for her to continue.  
"Patricia, I am talking about your reproductive organs. You are thirty-one
  years of age, according to your dossier. Much too young to be sterilized."  
"Oh my god, no!" exclaimed the younger woman suddenly.  
"Yes, Patricia. You know what they will do to you. They have already done
  it to your boobs. They will inject you with chemicals that will destroy your
  reproductive organs. Forget about the pain. Think about your future as a woman.
  Sterilized! Disfigured! You're too young and too pretty to have that happen
  to you. Tell Mr. Thompson what he needs to know, and he will stop right now.
  The doctor should be back very soon. Tell him, please, Patricia."  
"I can't, I can't, . . . oh, I can't," Patty sobbed.  
Mrs. Chew breathed a deep sigh and straightened up. She looked at her boss
  with a shrug of her shoulders that said 'I tried.' Big John nodded back in
  recognition of her fine though seemingly unsuccessful effort.  
"Oh, they hurt so much!" Patty cried out for the first time. She was now
  in full voice. She looked imploringly at Mrs. Chew. "Can't you do something?
  You're a woman. Please don't let them hurt me any more. Please!"  
"I can't help you," Mrs. Chew replied coldly. "Only you can help you. You
  and only you. Only you can make the pain go away. Maybe there's still time
  to save your tits. I don't know. But you have to talk now!"  
"Noooooooooooooooo!" cried Patty.  
"Stupid bitch!" Mrs. Chew shouted, suddenly very angry at her lack of success.
  She slapped the young woman's swollen and discolored left breast as hard as
  she could. Patty screamed; the older woman looked at the palm of her hand.
  The hardness of the breast surprised her. It was like a rock, she thought.
  Then she noticed the yellowish, reddish goo in the palm of her hand. She distastefully
  wiped it off on the young woman's crumpled skirt.  
Big John was about to say something, but there was a knock on the door. He
  motioned for Mrs. Chew to see who it was and got up to position himself where
  his chief of staff had been standing.  
Mrs. Chew came back in better spirits. "Well, I have news!" Annoyed, her
  boss motioned for her to continue. "The men from Special Unit are back from
  Ms. Vogel's apartment. They have brought something with them that may prove
  useful."  
Patty held her breath, waiting to hear what the woman had to say. Big John,
  too, still looking annoyed, waited for his chief of staff to get on with it.  
"It seems that our Ms. Vogel has a sister. The special unit boys brought
  her back with them. They are taking her downstairs to the vault room. They
  had to rough her up a little bit to persuade her to come with them, but she's
  okay, . . . so they say." She smiled nastily down at Patty.  
"No, no, no!" Patty shouted as she struggled to sit up in the chair. "No!"  
Big John thought for a moment. "Good," he pronounced. "Mrs. Chew, take Miss
  Vogel down to the vault room. Use the back stairs. Here. Put her blouse back
  on. You can leave the rest of her things here. I'll take care of them." He
  turned to Patty. "Maybe we have found the key. You are obviously a trained
  professional. You have an assignment. You have a reputation in the business
  to protect. But your sister is another story. When you see what we do to her,
  you will change your mind about cooperating. I think that we will be very physical
  with your little sister. Mrs. Chew, take her away. I'll come down in a moment."  
"You can't!" shouted Patty, the loudest noise she had made in the two hours
  or so that she had been in their clutches.  
"Shut up, you fucking bitch whore!" shouted Mrs. Chew angrily as she slapped
  Patty's discolored breasts repeatedly with both hands. She only stopped because
  the palms of her hands hurt from the hardness of the distorted globes&mdash;and
  because Patty seemed to have passed out from the intense pain the blows were
  causing, even though they were delivered with opened hands rather than closed
  fists.  
"Don't worry, I'll get her downstairs."  
"I'm not worried, Mrs. Chew. I've watched you work for many years." He tossed
  his assistant the white blouse that lay beside the chair on the floor and disappeared
  into the private bathroom at the side of his office.  
Roughly, the chief of staff stuffed Patty's limp arms into the sleeves of
  the silk garment. She didn't bother to button it closed. She bent over and
  made sure that the high-heeled shoes were firmly on her feet.  
"Come one, you stupid bitch. Get up. We're going downstairs to watch them
  work over your little sister." She yanked the groaning woman savagely to her
  feet and dragged her to another door that lead to a private stairwell at the
  rear of the building.  
III  
It was fourteen flights down to the subbasement where the vault room was
  located. The room was not actually a vault. It was a large conference room
  with a vault door that had been designed as a bomb shelter in the 1950s. It
  was also the place where the department head's so-called "special units" did
  some of their dirtiest work.  
Mrs. Chew had to stop to rest several times on the way down. The woman she
  was assisting was dead weight, unable to walk on her own. But what was really
  irritating was the way the woman winced and wimpered every step of the way.
  Every step! Evidently each one was torturing the younger woman's hard, heavy,
  still-swelling globes. Droplets of the yellow gooey substance seeping from
  her nipples also were landing on the older woman's long split skirt, causing
  stains that would have to be dry-cleaned out. I'm sending the dry cleaning
  bill to the department, Mrs. Chew kept repeating to herself in disgust during
  their long descent.  
When the two women finally reached the lower-level basement, the vault door
  was standing open. Mrs. Chew could hear men's voices along with the sound of
  a woman crying. Although she didn't see anybody inside the well-lit room, nevertheless
  she angrily shoved Patty through the open entrance. When she herself stepped
  through the vault door and into the room, she saw that one of the men from
  special unit had caught Patty before she fell to the floor. Her boss was already
  there, as was Doc, holding his old-fashioned doctor's bag. Three other men
  from Special Unit 33 were standing in various locations around the room. Seated
  on a metal folding chair, sobbing fearfully into hands that covered her face,
  was a very young woman&mdash;maybe nineteen or twenty years old&mdash;in jeans
  and a sweat shirt. She was barefoot. She had long blond hair tied in a ponytail
  in back, Mrs. Chew noticed.  
"Put her in the chair over here," Big John ordered the man holding up the
  equally fearful undercover agent who kept murmuring, "Oh my god, no. Oh my
  god, please no." She couldn't take her eyes off her younger sister. The burly
  man dragged Patty to another folding chair across the room. As she was lowered
  onto a chair facing her sister, her unbuttoned blouse parted allowing everyone
  standing a look at the grotesquely disfigured breasts. To Big John, they seemed
  even larger than just a few minutes ago upstairs in his office. "Handcuff her," he
  ordered. When this was done Patty's bulging breasts stood out even more. Her
  chin quivered silently as she stared at her younger sister across the room.  
Then Big John was standing in front of her, blocking her view. He lifted
  her head up with one of his massive hands cupped under her chin. "Now, here's
  what's going to happen, Patricia. We are about to begin doing some terrible
  things to your sister. What's her name?" he asked no one in particular? "Heather," came
  the reply from one of the special unit members. "Heather," he repeated. "Patricia,
  the first thing that will happen is that Heather will experience much pain
  and unpleasantness. That's Part One. The second thing that will happen is that
  you will agree to give me the information that I need. That is Part Two. This
  will cause Heather's pain and suffering to end&mdash;and yours, too, by the
  way." He nodded at Doc who now had the antidote. "The third thing that will
  happen&mdash;Part Three&mdash;is that we will all go our separate, merry ways.
  Patricia, you know that you can believe what I am saying. Of course, you can
  allow us to skip Part A by agreeing right now to talk. See, Doc is standing
  by with the medicine for your breasts." Doc nodded, but Patty did not see him. "I
  can't. Please, I can't," she sobbed softly.  
"Very well." Big John sighed. Then he turned his back to Patty and gave the
  order: "Strip her!"  
The men from Special Unit 33 surrounded the sobbing girl in the chair. Two
  lifted her to her feet. Two others began disrobing her. There wasn't much clothing
  to remove. The sweatshirt was pulled up over her head and off, the jeans unzipped
  and yanked down; the tiny, delicate bra was gone in a yank; so were the colorful
  panties.  
"Leave her alone!" Patty suddenly yelled. "Oh, Sissy, Sissy . . . I'm so
  sorry!" she sobbed.  
Heather recognized her older sister's voice. "Pat? Pat? Are you here? Where
  are you? What's happening? Oh please, Pat, don't let them hurt me!"  
"Quiet!" Big John yelled in anger. "Beat her until I tell you to stop!"  
One of the two men who had undressed Heather took aim first. He delivered
  a fist to the young sister's very flat stomach, causing her to groan loudly
  and lurch forward with her upper body. Immediately each of the two men holding
  her arms landed a blow to her lower back. Her knees buckled, her head snapped
  upward. Two more blows, one from the front to the face and one from the rear
  to the back of the neck put an end to the young woman's pleading protests.
  Big John signaled with his hands for a pause. The two men let her drop to the
  concrete floor.  
Patty, who had been screaming "Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!" all the while
  became silent herself. Her audible panting was causing her badly swollen breasts
  to rise and fall inside the white outlines of her open blouse.  
"Part One is just getting started, Patricia. You can move us to Part Two
  right now simply by agreeing to answer a few questions." Big John's voice reflected
  hope, optimism.  
"I can't. I can't," Patty sobbed. "Oh, Sissy, I'm so sorry, Sissy. I can't."  
"Okay, then. We'll continue with Part One. Is she unconscious?" One of the
  special unit men shook his head negatively. "Then strap her to the chair. Mrs.
  Chew, I think it is time for some of your special handiwork." As the four special
  unit men bound the stunned and whimpering Heather's wrists and ankles to the
  metal folding chair with white plastic tie-downs, the chief of staff came over
  to see what Big John had in mind. "Doc, do you have any scalpels in that kit
  of yours?"  
"Of course," said the older man. He opened his black bag, fished around inside
  it, then pulled out what looked like a rectangular strip of paper. He ripped
  off one end and produced a shiny metallic object. "Here you are."  
"What do you think?" the department head asked his chief of staff.  
Mrs. Chew looked at Patty's disfigured breasts, then at her naked, bleeding,
  whimpering sister across the room.  
"Let's start with her nipples," she said to her boss. "Tits seem to be the
  theme for today."  
"Very well. She's all yours, Mrs. Chew. Proceed." Turning to the two special
  unit men who were standing on either side of Heather: "Hold her steady." The
  men grasped Heather's shoulders and handfuls of her hair and waited for Mrs.
  Chew to approach.  
The chief of staff took the shiny scalpel from the doctor's hand and walked
  across the room. Patty began to scream: "No! You can't do that! Don't!" Then,
  sobbing again, "Oh Sissy, I'm so sorry . . . so sorry."  
Everyone in the vault room ignored her, Mrs. Chew included. She held Heather's
  small, perky right breast gently in her left hand. With five or six quick motions
  of the wrist she slashed open the young woman's flesh. Not deep wounds; just
  deep enough to bleed&mdash;and leave permanent scars. "Noooooooooooooooooo!" screamed
  both sisters in unison. Ignoring the blood on her hand, Mrs. Chew grasped and
  pulled the nipple with her thumb and index finger, positioning the scalpel
  at its base. "Noooooooooo, don't!" screamed Heather. Patty tried to rise from
  the folding chair, but someone pressed her firmly back down with a hand to
  her shoulder.  
Mrs. Chew paused to consider the possible dry-cleaning implications of what
  she was doing. I'll bill the department for a new suit and blouse, she said
  to herself. New shoes, too. She stretched the skin still further out from the
  bleeding breast. Quickly she sliced downward with the sharp blade. No one noticed
  what she did with the severed nipple. All eyes were on the spurts of blood
  that eventually slowed to a trickle. A stream of red ran down the young woman's
  stomach into the fold in her lap, then made a left turn and disappeared into
  the blond pubic hair in her crotch. Mrs. Chew look down to see the damage to
  her own wardrobe and frowned as she saw the gobs of blood near the hem of her
  long skirt and on her feet and shoes.  
Both Vogel women were screaming uncontrollability. Big John had a hard time
  quieting Patty down. He slapped her face several times with his massive hands
  before she would stop.  
"Patricia, are you now ready to put an end to Part One? Are you ready to
  tell me what I need to know? Spare you little sister more pain and mutilation,
  please."  
"I can't, please, I can't!" Patty was crying again.  
"Alright, Mrs. Chew." There was resignation in Big John's voice. "Continue.
  Cut off her other nipple, then we'll decide where to go next."  
The chief of staff repositioned herself in front of Heather's left breast.
  She stretched out the nipple, pulling with her thumb and index finger. She
  held the now bloody scalpel to slice downward as before . . .  
"Wait!" screamed Patty. "Wait! Don't do it again!" Then she swallowed hard
  and composed herself. Ignoring the tremendous pain in her own breasts and the
  increased weight that pulled at her chest, she spoke slowly and calmly&mdash;professionally. "I'll
  answer all of your questions. I'll tell you whatever you want to know." She
  looked sadly down at the floor.  
Big John exhaled in triumph. "Very well. End of Part One. On to Part Two,
  then." He turned to the doctor. "Doc, tend to the little sister first. Then
  administer the antidote to Patricia here." To one of the other men he said: "Release
  this one and bring her over to the conference table. Gently. She, too, is in
  a great deal of pain. Be careful of those tits."  
The agonizing sobs of the younger sister filled the bunker-like room. The
  doctor made no effort to quiet her as he began examining her wounds, staunching
  the flow of blood, and cleaning her up.  
It took two men to half carry, half drag Patty to a seat at the head of the
  long conference table. They avoided bumping or touching her huge disfigured
  breasts as best they could, but it didn't matter. Patty's searing pain was
  now overshadowed and compartmentalized in equal measures by her remorse over
  what she had allowed to be done to her younger sister and by what she was about
  to do to her professional reputation. She no longer cared about the DA's ongoing
  investigation or about Operation Mason. Julia Mason had been destroyed sometime
  after 8:00 a.m. that morning in the big office on the twelfth floor. She was
  now fighting to save what was left of Patricia and Heather Vogel and of their
  relationship.  
The questioning lasted over two hours. Heather had been taken to the doctor's
  own clinic for further treatment on her mutilated right breast. Patty answered
  every question, named every name, told everything that she knew. The antidote
  that the doctor administered before he left with her sister did not seem to
  be helping with the pain, even two hours after he had injected a dose of it
  into each bulging, throbbing, burning breast. In fact, the pain of the needle
  had been more painful than that which it was intended to remedy. It didn't
  matter. Patty was scarred for life, and she knew it. Both her breasts and her
  sense of self worth were permanently scarred. Her sister, though, was only
  partly scarred. Maybe she wouldn't hate Patty for the rest of her life. She
  doubted it, but she knew she would spend the rest of her own life trying to
  make it up to her sister. She also knew that she would spend the remainder
  of her working life as the undercover agent who was not equal to the challenge.
  She wondered if she would ever work again. So she sat at the conference table,
  her disfigured breasts still projecting outward grotesquely from inside her
  silk blouse, answering their questions, mostly from Big John Thompson, the
  head of the city building department, but also from his female chief of staff.
  She answered slowly, quietly, completely.  
Then it was time to go. Someone had brought down her bag, her suit jacket,
  and brassiere from the twelfth floor. Movement in her limbs had returned. How
  long had it been? Hours? It was mid-afternoon. It seemed liked days. What to
  do about her top was another matter. Her bra was out of the question. Neither
  the blouse nor the suit coat could now be fastened over the distorted dimensions
  of her new bust line. Finally someone produced a dark sweater, the size of
  which suggested it was a man's. Big John's, she supposed. A souvenir for the
  loser, she thought bitterly.  
Patty was able to stand on her own if somewhat unsteadily. She still needed
  help walking, however. Two of the men from the special unit who earlier had
  beaten her sister and assisted in her mutilation now helped her walk to the
  elevator. With great care that she found ironic they took her out the backdoor
  of the office building to a stretch limousine awaiting in the parking lot.
  They helped her carefully climb into the rearmost seat. When they asked her
  where she wanted them to take her, she had not idea.  
She did not reply at first. Her car with the ignition key hidden under the
  floor mat was still parked in a parking structure two blocks away. Her apartment
  keys, billfold, and cellphone were at the District Attorney's office. Her sister
  was somewhere, hopefully being properly cared for by the previously complicit
  doctor. Patiently they asked her again where she wanted to go. "I don't know," is
  what she said. I don't care, is what she meant to say.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DisasterAgent


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





