BDSM Library - The DA's New Job




The DA's New Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young up and coming DA gets lost in the wrong side of town and is taken in by a street whore, who drugs her and takes her identity and give her the whores life.THE DA'S NEW JOB   
Kate Wilson, big city attorney and now New York's newest DA just
      arrived a few days ago to start her new job. Kate a highly decorated lawyer
      had gotten the promotion just a few days after the former DA disappeared
      under mysterious conditions. Kate at just 28 years of age and standing
      at a mere 5ft4 and tipping the scales at 115lbs. The young lawyer was every
      woman's nightmare and a man's wet dream she has a well toned body her 34-26-36c
      shape always gets her the hoots and whistles.   
Just arriving in town a few days ago she hasn't even had time to
      meet any of her working collogues, make any friends, or acquaintances.
      She had just left her new apartment and instead of taking a cab to her
      new job Kate decided to walk to her job showing those she works with that
      she is a true independent working woman. She begins to walk down the street
      when the Doorman of the high class apartment building she has moved into
      asks her if she wants a cab .She tells the nice man No Thanks that she
      will walk trying to show her dominance.   
The Doorman just laughs and says under his breath "Best of luck
      kid you'll need it".   
As Kate heads down the street within a few blocks she gets off
      on the wrong side street and gets lost. As she tries to get back to where
      she supposed to be she ends up in what is called "THE- RED &ndash; DISTRICT" unknown
      to her she has mistakenly walked into a very dangerous area of the big
      city that is run by gangs,hookers, and pimps. She looks around to try and
      find someone to help her get back to the right street. As she looks around
      she sees off to the side a woman leaning side a light pole. She goes over
      and asks the young woman for help and directions on how to get back to
      her original street.   
As the young woman dressed in her tight red mini-skirt and black
      thigh stockings and 5" pumps blows a bubble as the young DA tries to get
      her help.   
Seeing this as a perfect opportunity to make some extra cash and
      have some well overdue fun as well. She begins talking to Kate as she acts
      as thought she's trying to help the young dumbfounded DA. She tells Kate
      to come with her and she'll let her use her phone to call a cab.    
Kate unknowingly goes with the woman up to her apartment which
      is really brothel but Kate not being very street wise thinks nothing of
      it as she goes on in behind the young whore. The young woman finally tells
      Kate that her name is Penny as she asks her into apartment then offers
      to call a cab for her. Kate has a seat while Penny pretends to call her
      a cab.   
Penny comes back into the room and tells Kate to make herself comfortable
      for it's going to be a while before a cab comes to that part of the city.
      Kate jumps up and tells Penny that she must be going and thanks her but
      before Kate and get to her coat and briefcase Penny grabs her hand and
      stops Kate.   
Kate wanting to leave but Penny offers her a drink unknown to Kate
      Penny put a drug in her drink Kate not wanting to insult the woman for
      all her kindness accepts the drink and goes to sit down to be polite to
      her host while she waits for the cab.   
A few minutes pass and Kate begins to feel a bit dizzy as she goes
      to stand she falls back on the dirty couch. Penny walks over to Kate and
      asks is everything Ok Kate's head is spinning the young woman offers to
      take her to her bed to lie down for a while. Kate only nods as Penny helps
      her to the bedroom. Once there Penny takes a chance and kisses Kate on
      her mouth Kate unable to resist returns the kiss. Penny then helps Kate
      to sit on the side of the bed as she herself undresses within minutes she
      is naked before the dazed DA. Kate still dizzy and groggy looking up at
      the stunning beautiful woman before her. Penny takes hold of Kate's head
      and pulls it toward her full tits then orders her to suck her pointy nipples.
      Kate does as told and starts sucking Penny's nipples as she stands there
      moaning in pleasure. She then motions for her to move her hand between
      Penny's open legs and massage her moist cunt for her.   
Kate does as told and begins sliding her hand down between Penny's
      legs to her moist cunt then sliding her fingers through her puffy cunt
      lips finally pushing a finger up inside her hot tunnel. Penny moans with
      pleasure as she starts to ride Kate's finger she suddenly stops her. "No"not
      yet my pet. Then Penny orders Kate to stop and to stand before her as Penny
      starts to undress the young DA. In just a short time she has undressed
      young Kate as both women stand before each other naked. Penny then proceeds
      to start kissing Kate again as she pushes the helpless DA back onto the
      bed. They both roll in each others arms back and forth on the bed as they
      fondle the others tits and cunts each humping the others cunt with their
      legs. Finally after sometime they swap and get into a 69 position.    
Penny laughs as she sees Kate's hairy cunt and tells her well if
      you're going to work here love we'll need to do something about this forest
      you have here. Thinking nothing of it Kate continues to lie there as Penny
      parts her hairy moist lips and tongues her love tunnel. She darts her tongue
      in and out of Kate's moist honey pot causing her to let low moans and grunts
      of pleasure. Hey! Why don't you help me as I'm doing you she calls back
      to Kate who is lost in her own world now. With that she snaps out of her
      daze and lifts her head up between Penny's legs and starts lapping her
      hot moist hole sticking her tongue up into Penny's love tunnel as she suck
      on Penny's puffy cunt lips causing her to moan in pleasure as well. After
      a short time Penny gets up and heads off to the bathroom for some other
      items they will be needing as she leaves Kate to finish licking the last
      of her cunt juice off her fingers and continue to finger her own hot cunt.
      As Penny returns the young DA is riding her own fingers high in the air
      on the bed.   
Penny just laughs and tells her stop that she needs to take care
      of a little problem before they continue. She has Kate lie still as she
      puts a warm wash cloth over her hairy bush then put a modest amount of
      shaving cream over it and with in a few minutes Kate's as smooth as a babies
      newborn butt. Penny then roles Kate over and finishes by taking the razor
      up between Kate's lovely ass crack and cleans out any other hair left over.    
There now we can't have a whore with any hairy ass can we? Kate
      dazed still unable to quite understand what Penny means as she is rolled
      over once more. Penny then inserts one of her fingers into Kate's moist
      love tunnel wow you are really tight aren't you? Penny then asks Kate if
      she is still a virgin as to which Kate tells her no. Well love I've got
      a little something for you as Penny straps on a strap-on cock a standard
      8" long and 2.5"s thick. Penny lifts Kate's head to the rubber cock and
      orders her to start sucking on it be fore Kate can say anything the cock
      is shoved in between her open lips. Kate does as told and begins sucking
      the tool in her mouth. After several minutes Penny pulls it out and lines
      it up with Kate's swollen puffy lips with a quick thrust she enters Kate's
      tight hole and begins fucking her as hard as she can.    
Kate low moans become louder and louder as she is fucked by the
      forceful whore.As the time moves on Kate has a tremendous orgasm and then
      cums several times before Penny finally stops.    
Now love it's your turn to do me then she has the dumbfounded DA
      put on the strapon cock and fucks her for the next hour after several orgasms
      and good cums she swaps places with Kate yet again and fucks her several
      more and lastly taking her virgin ass . Kate tries to protest but to no
      avail as her once tight little ass is now stretched open as is her tight
      little cunt which is left open with her own juices flowing out.   
Well my little whore you look much better now as Penny gets off
      the bed leaving her fuck toy passed out on the bed.    
As Penny goes into the bathroom leaving the sleeping DA on the
      bed she soon returns and ties the helpless DA's hands and feet to the four
      corners bed post then takes her own musky g-string and stuffs in into Kate's
      mouth as she secures it with a large piece of ducktape.   
Penny then rushes back into her bathroom taking the young DA's
      clothes in with her as she showers and puts on her new suit. Within minutes
      she emerges from the bathroom. Kate is just starting to come around as
      she shakes her head trying to get the comb webs out. As she does she sees
      the other women standing out in front of her it's the whore but she's in
      her clothes. Kate tries to move but quickly finds she is well tied. She
      tries to scream through her gag but it's no use as her screams are muffled
      down to a low grunt and shakes the ropes that hold her down.    
Penny just laughs at the poor young girl as she comes over and
      sits next to her on the side of the bed. Well love do you want me to tell
      you what's happen to you or not? Kate shakes her head and lies still for
      the moment good then I'll tell you. You and I are changing places I know
      it doesn't look it but I also had college to be a lawyer but unlike you
      I didn't have the money to finish. But as luck would have you fell right
      into my hands you see I had to become a whore to make ends meet but now
      I'm going to use your identity. As for you will become the whore I once
      was I now have your credit cards and your other id's I can also forge your
      handwriting. I've made the necessary changes to my picture id's cards and
      to your new cards. You are Penny now and I'm Kate Wilson the new DA so
      get used to your new life love I know I am going to. I hope you like the
      taste of my musky panties I put in your mouth there as Kate tries to say
      something but it's muffled. Owe honey you trying to say something like
      you want get away with this. I think I will you see no one has ever seen
      you before here. You may not like being a whore but you'll get used to
      it soon enough. You see I called my old pimp and she'll be here soon to
      take charge of you. Owe and before I leave I wouldn't want you to feel
      alone so I'm leaving you with a friend to keep you company. Ok honey here
      it is as the new Kate pulls a odd looking device out of the dresser drawer
      Kate's eyes focus on it not trying to figure out what it is. I'll tell
      you what it is love it's double cock vibrator you see it's 4"s now but
      soon as I get it strapped in you and turn it on it will increase in size
      to 8"s both in your little cunt and your asshole.Oh don't worry about it
      stopping I just put new batteries in so you'll have a good time with your
      new friend here. Kate thrashes about as Penny straps the toy in place causing
      Kate to moan as the toy inters her open holes. As Penny turns the unwelcome
      invader on Kate's eyes pop open as the cock pistons into her love tunnels
      her whole body spasms as she jerks at the ropes holding her. Penny then
      here's a noise coming from outside Oh no it's a raid. I can't let them
      see me here she quickly pulls the sheet up over Kate's trembling body and
      tosses 200.00dollars over on the dresser it's been fun love then disappears
      out the door leaving the helpless DA screaming in humiliation. Minutes
      later Officer's storm into the room and find poor Kate tied to the bed
      with her new friend strapped to her moaning and groaning as the pleasure
      takes over. The new Kate slipped out undetected and headed to her new job
      and life as DA.   
Where as Kate was arrested and taken in for prostitution she tried
      to explain who she was but no one believed her she was taken and given
      a full body search and rectal exam then placed in a cell with another prostitute.
      As Penny settled down in her new job as DA likewise Kate was picked a few
      days later by her new pimp Big Matha who Penny had called and arranged
      for her to be realist to. For the next several months Kate was schooled
      in all the inn's and out's of her new job in life. Kate hoped one day to
    see her old life once more but how was she going to get out of this fix?
To
      be continued   
(if you want to give some of your ideas that can be used in future stories
  i'd love to hear them. i've taken several ideas that were given to me by other
friends and made them into stories. just email me at prime@tds.net)    
 By THE EVIL MISTRESS 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Evil Misstress


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





