BDSM Library - Hell in Paradise




Hell in Paradise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Barbara, a businesswoman from Europe, spends a week in the Amazon assessing how her client Robert protects his investments - which he does by getting rid of people. A very dark story of unbridled lust for violence and wickedness, with no boundaries. Short chapters will be added once a day for the next few weeks.Chapter 1: prelude   
   
Barbara was smiling happily while packing her suitcases. Her business mission
  had been a success, and now, as an added bonus, she could look forward to an
  unexpected business stay &ndash; but in fact a vacation &ndash; deep inside
  the Amazonian rainforest. Thanks to Robert, she thought, and Kimiko.  
She had inherited Robert from Kimiko, the svelte Japanese girl who had been
  her predecessor in the post of Business Development Manager for South America.
  Robert was her bigger client, but, as Kimiko had added giggling over coffee
  in Barbara's office, something more.  
"We spent half the time in bed. Honey, he is gorgeous, and one of the best
  lovers I have ever had! He is wicked, and has a wicked imagination&hellip;.
  I could tell you many things, but I'd rather you discover him on your own.
  Much more fun!"  
Kimiko, like Barbara, was married, but both had quickly discovered that they
  were birds of a feather, in their business acumen and in their liberated sexual
  ways, and had freely shared all their secrets of adultery and debauchery. She
  would miss her, now that she was going to join the firm's headquarters in California.  
"I like the sound of this, a great client and a great lover rolled into one!
  Will he try to seduce me, or should I show myself available?"  
"He will try to seduce you&hellip;.. heck, I am not going to tell him there
  is no need to push too hard! It will be fun for you, to dance the dance with
  him."  
"There IS a need to push hard, darling! As hard as possible&hellip;. All
  the way in!" And they had both collapsed in a fit of laughter.  
Her first visit to Robert had been in his office, and she had dressed very
  carefully for the occasion. It was before lunch time, and she had been wearing
  a short, but not too short, skirt, with a tiny thong underneath; a blouse,
  conservative and not too see through, but unbuttoned a bit more than might
  have been expected (on the other hand, Rio de Janeiro was hot!), with a flimsy
  and sexy bra underneath. High heel sandals, an anklet, and a pendant with a
  cross coyly pointing at her cleavage completed the picture. Robert was as handsome
  as Kimiko had promised: tall, lean and fit, with unruly raven black hair and
  piercing blue eyes, dressed in a white shirt with no tie, chinos and suede
  shoes. They had got on from the start.  
They had flirted over lunch, but, contrary to Kimiko's expectations, the
  dance had been short. Perhaps they both read the eagerness in each other too
  easily; whatever the reason, walking to her hotel and taking the lift to her
  bedroom had seemed the obvious and natural thing to do. Within a couple of
  minutes of closing the bedroom door they were both naked, rolling on the bed,
  their hands eagerly exploring.  
Perhaps because of the unexpected shortness of the seduction dance, she had
  felt the need to be extra naughty. He was caressing her shaven mound, when
  she pick up the telephone. He looked at her, a questioning look on his face.  
"A call to my husband: I like to reassure him that I am safe. You go on,
  pleasure me." And she started dialling, smiling at him.  
He smiled broadly, and kept stimulating her with his fingers, his erect penis
  brushing against her thigh. She smiled and talked into the handset.  
"Honey? It's me. Yes. I am fine&hellip;. Terribly hot over here. And humid&hellip;..
  I had my first meeting, I felt sleepy. Thanks God I can rest now." She looked
  at Robert, and opened her legs, invitingly. "Yes. God, I miss you so much." She
  slid to the edge of the bed and pointed silently at her pussy. Robert understood,
  knelt between her legs, and brushed against her labia with the tip of his penis.
  She pushed against him, still talking and smiling. "Yes. I miss the kids too.
  She is there? No, don't worry, I will ring again tomorrow." He was inside her
  now, and her legs crossed behind his back, pulling him in. "Yes, another three
  days." He was huge inside her, his face looked tense&hellip;.. she contracted
  her vaginal muscles, teasing him, squeezing him. "Yes. I love you so much,
  honey." That did it &ndash; hearing her say that to her husband, while his
  penis was inside her, pushed him over the edge, and he spurted inside her,
  again and again. Her eyes were closed, she was biting her lips, and she started
  climaxing too. Amazingly, she was still talking to her husband in a calm, controlled
  voices, in sharp and erotic contrast to the wild contractions of her vagina. "Yes,
  I can't wait to be with you. OK, you take care, my love. Give my love to the
  kids. Bye."  
She replaced the handset and they both burst out laughing, then kissed passionately,
  their hands roaming, teasing.  
"You re a marvellous, beautiful, and wicked woman."  
"Thanks. God, I loved this&hellip;&hellip;. It made it all so much more exciting."  
"Yes! I loved it too, being inside you while you were telling him you love
  him. That's what made me lose control."  
She smile, slowly massaging his penis. "I love doing that. It makes my adultery
  more wicked and so more exciting." She paused. "That's why I always wear my
  wedding ring, and my cross, when having sex with a lover."  
He laughed. "Religious girl, are you?" he teased.  
"You must know the Commandments if you want to break them for kicks."  
"Have you broken them all?" He started teasing her clit, and kissed her nipples,
  first one, then the other.  
"Sadly, not. The first, yes &ndash; I worship Pleasure. The second too&hellip;&hellip; I
  love idols, especially a man's hard cock." She caressed him.  
He laughed. "What else?"  
"Let's see. Third, yes: I call the names of God and Jesus when I climax.
  Fourth too, I had sex with lovers on a Sunday. Fifth: I turned out the opposite
  of what my parents would have wished &ndash; sexy, shameless, selfish, wicked."  
"You are saying them in the wrong order."  
"Who gives a fuck. Let me finish." She teased his prick more, loving his
  response and his finger play around her clit. "Sixth, about stealing: yes,
  other women's boyfriends or husbands. Seventh, sadly not: I have never killed
  anyone. Eight yes, I lie left, right and centre. Adultery, oh God, of course!!!!
  And finally yes, I covet &ndash; men, pleasure."  
One of his fingers slipped inside her. "You said that, SADLY you have never
  killed anyone. He stressed the adverb, questioningly.  
She sighed. "Yes and no. I hunt, and I kill animals, and I find it arousing.
  And I have had two abortions, which to us Catholics is killing. But I have
  never killed in the normal sense."  
"And that makes you sad." His finger play was more urgent.  
She sighed, her nipples hard, her pussy wet. "I told you, I am a wicked woman.
  In my fantasies, I am a sadist."  
"Only in your fantasies? Pity" He was now masturbating her steadily.  
"Pity?" Her time to sound questioning, now. She needed him inside her again,
  he was so big. Almost reading her mind, he moved, and positioned himself between
  her legs. He teased her entrance.  
"Yes. I am a sadist too&hellip;. I enjoy inflicting pain. Tell me the truth
  now. Think of the pain your husband would feel if he found out that you were
  fucking a lover while you were saying I love You to him. Does the thought turn
  you on?"  
"You &ndash; are &ndash; terrible." She was starting to shake. "Yes, damn
  you. Yes. Yes."  
"What other fantasies turn you on? Tell me." He was fucking her hard now,
  powerful, long thrusts.  
"All of them. God. Yes. Rape. Torture. Burning her clit&hellip;.. aaaaahhhhhhhh" She
  screamed, and they both climaxed again.  
Afterwards, they smoke a cigarette, passing them from one to the other. A
  joint, which he had provided.  
"Ever thought of turning them into action? Your fantasies."  
"Yes. But I haven't. Not because of moral scruples, fuck it, I would do anything
  to pleasure myself. But getting away with my fantasies&hellip;&hellip; abduction,
  rape, torture, killings&hellip;.. not easy in practice. I could have done it
  in Nazi Germany, but in Britain? No way. Better keep them for self pleasure&hellip;.
  Or to give some kicks to a like minded lover." She squeezed his penis playfully.  
"We are not in Britain here, and my land is far in the interior, remote&hellip;.
  What about if I could help you turn some of your fantasies into reality? In
  full safety for you."  
"Jesus, I would love that. Tell me more."  
"You might decide not to take part when you hear or see the details."  
"Don't worry. If I refuse to take part in a secret, it still is a secret."  
"I trust you. Anyway &ndash; you are here on business. To help your firm
  advise me on how to increase my wealth, and their charges on my investments."  
"Yes."  
"Wealth based on land depends on what you do with the land. And what we can
  do here, in the Amazon basin, depends on how free the land is. Free of inhabitants."  
"Go on. I like the sound of this, as a businesswoman and as a woman."  
"Freeing the land can be done in many ways. Through legal process. Through
  bribery. Or through violence &ndash; which can be quick and sharp&hellip;.
  Or deliciously slow."  
"No need to say more. I can tell you this &ndash; all that my firm cares
  about is that you stay rich and become richer. How you do it is your choice,
  provided we are out of trouble and we are rewarded for our advice and services,
  if and when you use them. Clear enough?"  
"Very clear. So, how about this &ndash; I will show you some of our&hellip;.
  Investment techniques. It will take a week, more or less. You tell your firm
  that, no more details &ndash; they will be smart enough not to ask too many
  questions. Your predecessor never showed any interest and never asked, but
  I am sure they made some educated guesses. You tell your husband that you have
  to inspect land investments; that will be enough. Sounds feasible?"  
"Yes. Now come here and fuck me, and we'll talk about the details later."  
Chapter 2: Paradise   
   
The trip by private jet had been relaxing and exciting at the same time.
  As soon as they were airborne, Robert had taken all his clothes off, inviting
  her to do likewise. The stewardesses had showed no sign of unease or surprise,
  they clearly were used to this. Naked, they had played with each other openly
  and deliciously, occasionally requesting some wine or a cigarette. Very good
  hashish, thought Barbara, perhaps it is from his own land!  
She had loved having sex like this, openly under the eyes of the crew, and
  felt a bit sorry when the pilot asked them to fasten their seat belts. She
  made a move to retrieve her clothes, but Robert stopped her: "No. We are landing
  on my private landing strip, inside my estate. No need to wear anything for
  the rest of your stay."  
When they landed, a black SUV was waiting next to the plain. The crew took
  care of her suitcases and the car whisked them off, still naked. The drive
  was a short one, maybe fifteen minutes. When the car stopped, someone from
  outside opened her door and Barbara stepped out, in her high heels, jewellery
  and nothing else, and paused, taking in the sultry, perfumed air, the light
  and hot breeze, the trees and the shrieking birds, the sunlight&hellip;.. and
  Robert's family, who had come out to greet her.  
She rehearsed their names as they greeted her and hugged her. Mary, Robert's
  wife, was a beautiful brunette who looked a bit younger than Robert, with a
  lightly bronzed skin, sparkling green eyes, small, firm breasts, a shaved pussy.
  She was naked but for her high heel sandals and a waist chain with a pendant.
  Mary followed Barbara's look and laughed. "It is a medal of the Virgin Mary.
  I like to keep her over my pubes, just to show her what a real woman does with
  her vagina."  
Barbara laughed. This was a woman she would certainly get along with. She
  turned to greet Robert's daughters, Susan and Debbie. Both were naked, like
  their mother; Debbie was on the edge of puberty, Susan maybe two years older.
  Both were blonde, beautiful and shaved.  
Robert embraced Mary and let his cock, now again hard after the morning's
  exertions, brush between her thighs. "How are you, honey? I missed you. Everything
  all right?" "Yes, nothing new. The girls went hunting with their boyfriends
  yesterday, they had a lot of fun." "Did they? Mmmmm" Robert turned to Debbie,
  hugged her and ruffled her hair. "Naughty as always, are you?" He embraces
  Susan, who threw her arms around his neck and jumped, crossing her legs behind
  his back. Laughing, he placed his hands on her back and lowered her, teasing
  her labia with his cock. They kissed mouth to mouth, and Susan lowered herself,
  taking his length inside. Mary laughed and turned to Barbara: "Typical! He
  has hardly said a word and is already inside his daughter. And they say in
  modern families parents and children are growing apart!"  
Barbara laughed and watched. Robert, with his cock still inside his daughter,
  carried her to a garden table nearby, sat her there and, standing between her
  legs, started too fuck her. Susan was leaning back on her arms, moaning. After
  maybe five minutes, Robert grunted and Susan yelled. After their climax subsided
  they kissed and Robert withdrew, and turned to Barbara. "How about a shower
  and some rest? You must be tired."  
Barbara was, but before she could reply, Mary interjected. "Don't you guys
  want to see the girls' hunting bag? It is a good one." "Fine by me" said Robert. "Barbara,
  are you coming?" "Sure."  
They walked towards the villa, but instead of entering through the front
  door, they walked round the corner and reached a small flight of stairs that
  led to a basement door. Mary opened, and they entered one after the other.
  They walked along a corridor and reached another door, this one made of stainless
  steel. Mary opened, and they entered. Barbara drew her breath sharply.  
The room was large enough to contain fifteen-twenty people, and had very
  little furniture, all of it in stainless steel a stack of chairs, a large table,
  and a chest of drawers. There were no windows. "The walls are soundproof." Mary
  said.  
A young girl was chained to one of the walls. Mary spoke again. "They were
  running away. Susan's boyfriend wounded this girl's boyfriend with his hunting
  gun, and she stopped running to help him. She was so shocked that she made
  no resistance &ndash; that's why no wounds and no bruises."  
"She is lovely." Robert was watching the girl, a smile on his lips, his cock
  hardening. I can't wait to play with her. After dinner perhaps&hellip;.. by
  the way, what about the boyfriend?"  
Debbie laughed. "He was wounded and bleeding, he couldn't last long. We tried
  to have some fun, but there was no way we could take him here. We made her
  watch though, that was so funny to see her cry. I made sure to give her a good
  show."  
"You will tell us the details over dinner. Well done, darling." Robert kissed
  Debbie and caressed her breasts. "Now, I would like to have a chat with Mary
  and Barbara, then a shower and some rest&hellip;&hellip; then dinner, and some
  after dinner fun with this beauty." He lightly touched the girl's nipples,
  still smiling. Her frightened eyes never left him. He turned around, and led
  his family and guest outside again.  
Later on, in Robert's study, he, Mary and Barbara were sitting on comfortable,
  cool armchairs. They were still naked; by now, Barbara felt so comfortable
  in her nudity that she wondered how she could ever face wearing clothes again.  
"Title deeds to land in these regions are at best dubious. Luckily for us,
  the natives &ndash; the Indians, as we still call them &ndash; have no documents
  and in any case their property rights are communal, not individual: the tribe
  owns the land, not any single member. We want their land mainly because of
  the minerals underneath &ndash; copper, tungsten. In the past we used to buy
  it for a pittance, nobody understood or cared. Nowadays it's different, Green
  activists and missionaries have a very pro-Indian agenda and that's very bad
  news. It is not a matter of money: heck, I would buy a market price if there
  was a market. But these do-gooders don't want the Indians to make money, they
  want them to keep living as they always have, fuck profits, fuck development."  
Barbara nodded. "It is more of an anti-capitalist agenda than a pro-Indian
  agenda. Whatever their motivations and whatever the merit of the argument,
  however, the fact is that this agenda would stop development completely."  
"And your firm doesn't like it. As a matter of curiosity, before I talk about
  our own strategy to deal with this, what is your firm's advice to people like
  me? Formally, and informally."  
"Two words." Barbara lit a cigarette. "Lobbying and corruption. The first
  is our formal advice, the second the informal one. In both cases, the object
  is the local or central government, not the busybodies."  
"Well, that's what we also do and it works to some extent, but it is slow.
  So, what we do &ndash; and this is the secret bit I alluded to when we met
  in your hotel &ndash; is to make sure that the people who live on the land&hellip;..
  leave."  
"Leave?" Barbara raised an eyebrow.  
"Appear to leave. What we do is, we target one village at a time. Pick the
  inhabitants by two and three and weaken the tribe. When they are weak enough,
  we move in &ndash; us, and some friends including senior police and other people
  of substance &ndash; and&hellip;. Clear the village. Making sure it looks like
  it has been abandoned. Of course the missionaries and the activist accuse us
  of terrorising the inhabitants, but they have no proof."  
"And we make sure there is no trace left of the people." Mary lit a cigarette
  too. "of course&hellip;.. we like to play a bit with them first." She winked
  at Barbara.  
Barbara thought about it. "I like the sound of this, in all respect &ndash; for
  my firm's interest and for my own fun. Now, as a conscientious business advisor" she
  shot a mischievous smile to Robert "if I may, I would love to&hellip;&hellip; have
  a closer look at the way you do it. Starting this evening. God, I can't wait
  to see that lovely girl in agony."  
"Great!" Robert stood up. "Now some rest&hellip;. And then to dinner."  
The dinner was delicious, relaxing and very informal. Barbara had not dressed
  and she was not surprised to see that everyone was nude. The serving staff
  were two very pretty girls but were dressed. Barbara wondered how much they
  knew.  
Robert guessed Barbara's thoughts. "They know everything. You see, we select
  them very carefully and we pay them several times the going rates. Not only
  that, we select people who&hellip;. Like what we do. And they get to participate,
  as you will see."  
"Tell me, Barbara." Mary looked at her with a smile. "Robert told me you
  say you are a sadist. But why do you think you are? Please forgive my nosiness,
  I like you a lot and I would like to understand you better."  
Barbara thought about it. "I have always been excited by pain. Inflicting
  pain I should say. My hottest fantasies are all sadistic ones. I like hunting,
  and I had two abortions."  
"That's hardly sadism, hunting and abortions are quite mainstream, at least
  in our circle."  
"Have you ever tortured an animal?" Debbie laughed at Barbara's evident surprise. "That's
  how I started. God, it is fun!"  
"That was part of your education, darling." Mary turned to Barbara. "We prepared
  our girls gradually. First we taught them how to kill animal &ndash; hunting,
  fishing. Then to make them suffer&hellip;&hellip; children are cruel, if left
  to themselves. We wanted to teach them how pleasurable cruelty can be."  
"I know." Barbara felt her nipples harden as she spoke. "I have done it too,
  but nobody taught me. It just came natural. I started when I was five or six,
  and I have done it occasionally all my life." Her voice became deeper, more
  excited. "Frogs, birds, squirrels, cats. The longer the better. For hours,
  if I could find a place that was safe. And when I was a teenager, in the nude."  
"But humans are so much more fun, and last longer!" Susan's nipples were
  hard too. "Do you remember mom? That pregnant chick."  
"Oh yes!" Mary laughed, and turned to Barbara. "We tied her belly up to four
  tent poles, spreadeagled. Susan put on a pair of stilettos and did a dance
  on her belly, and every now and then she hit her hard with the stiletto. She
  kept piercing her and the baby inside. Fuck, it was so erotic!"  
"Enough of that!" Robert stood up. "All this talk is a hell of a turn on.
  Let's go downstairs and spend some time with that girl &ndash; and let's make
  her last.  
They all stood up and followed him.  
Chapter 3: Evening fun.   
   
When the girl saw them she flattened herself against the wall, as if she
  was trying to disappear through it. Her eyes were scared and darted from one
  to the other of her captors as they approached her. She said something. "What
  did she say?" asked Barbara. "Please" replied Robert with a smile. Mary looked
  at Barbara. "Barbara, you are our guest. What would you like to do to her?"  
Barbara looked at the naked, frightened girl and an image flashed in her
  mind: herself at fourteen, naked with her boyfriend in her grandfather's country
  shed, a frightened cat securely tied to a bench, the pliers in her hands, twisting
  and pulling out the cat's claws one by one. Her nipples hardened. "Robert,
  are you going to rape her?" "Yes! Of course." "Then let me get some pliers
  and pull off her nails while you do that. I will make her thrash about and
  scream while you fuck her, you will love it."  
Debbie laughed. "Great idea! Can we all do it while dad rapes her? You can
  do one hand, I the other, and Susan and mom will do her feet."  
"I like it, honey. Watching a woman being cruel is the sexiest thing in the
  world!" Robert turned to the girl and started to untie her. "Better take her
  to the table."  
"Won't you tie her?" asked Mary.  
"No, forcing her will be more fun. You girls help me, catch her arms and
  legs."  
The girl struggled but she was no match for the five of them. In no time
  she was on the table, spread eagled, each arm and leg securely in the grip
  of one of her beautiful tormentors. Holding one of the girl's legs with one
  hand, Mary opened a drawer and took four pliers, which she gave out to the
  other three women. Robert stood between her legs and pulled her to himself. "Let
  me masturbate her first, I need some lubrication." He started to caress and
  tease her clit. Debbie looked at Barbara and started to tease one of her nipples;
  Barbara did the same with the other.  
Despite herself, the girls started to moan softly; her nipples hardened.
  Robert smiled. "That's enough. Here I go now!" He straightened himself up,
  grabbed the girl's legs and entered her in one powerful thrust. The girl screamed;
  he started to fuck her hard, fast.  
Barbara look at Debbie and grasped the girl's hand more firmly with her left
  hand. With her right hand she took her pliers, and closed them firmly onto
  the nail of the girl's index finger. She started to twist and pull. Debbie
  smiled at her and busied herself with the other hand. The girl screamed again
  and started to struggle.  
Barbara pulled the nail and twisted it. Her breathing was heavy, her nipples
  hard; the girl's screams excited her. She pulled harder, but the nail wouldn't
  come out. When she twisted it more, it broke. She looked at the girl and, in
  a flash of anger, took her bloody finger and bent it backwards. She felt it
  snap and go limp; the girl screamed. Debbie laughed. "Done it!" and she held
  up her pliers and the nail she had just pulled out. She then looked at the
  girl and smiled at her. Barbara was still unhappy at her inability to pull
  it off, and viciously dug one of her long nail into the girl's breast, just
  next to the areole. The girl managed to free her arm and hit Barbara, who,
  furious, took her arm with both hands, hesitated a moment, and brought it down,
  hard, against the table's edge. The arm broke. Robert yelled: "Oh yes fuck,
  Jesus fucking Christ, break her!" and pushed, then yelled again as his orgasm
  hit him. He looked at Barbara. She couldn't resist, touched herself and climaxed
  too.  
They stopped, breathing hard. Barbara had never felt so sexy, naked, covered
  in sweat, her juices trickling down her thighs, the girl's tortured hand in
  hers. Mary, Susan and Debbie all stood, naked, sweaty and gorgeous, their eyes
  sparkling in cruelty and pure sexual lust. Mary was the first to speak. "God,
  I am really loving this. What next?" Susan was caressing herself. "Let's give
  her a full beauty treatment. We have done some pedicure and manicure: how about
  some body piercings, say, ears, nipples, labia, clit, navel, tongue? Should
  be fun."  
"Great idea! But let's tie her up, she was too difficult to control right
  now." "OK. Girls, here are some wires." Mary handed out some wires and the
  girls went to work. Debbie said: "Let's break some of her fingers and toes!" and
  soon the noise of snapping bones and the demented, tortured screams raised
  their lusts again. When they had tied her securely, Mary handed out some long
  needles and the piercing started. Barbara did one nipple, pushing hard and
  twisting the point viciously while looking into the girl's eyes; the others
  were busy here and there. Debbie was torturing the girl's labia while her father
  was fucking her from behind. He looked at Barbara and smiled. "There is nothing
  I love more than a kid being cruel." Barbara smiled back, then casually pierced
  the flesh of the girl's breast.  
When they had finished, the girl was exhausted by pain, tears and shock.
  The five looked at each other. "What now?" asked Debbie. Barbara hesitated. "I
  am sure you have better ideas and you would like to keep her alive as much
  as possible, but I have always wanted to take part in a lynching&hellip;..
  can we tear her to pieces with our hands and nails?" "Sounds exciting. Yes,
  we normally go slow, but some exercise is good for us all. Let's untie her." They
  untied the girl, then Barbara stepped closer and jabbed her fingernails into
  the girl's eyes, gouging them out. She screamed, and that was the signal for
  the lynching to start. Robert watched from the side, masturbating; the four
  women surrounded the girl, jabbing and tearing at her with their nails. They
  pulled her pubic hair off, punched her, broke her bones, used her needles and
  pliers to break her, they cut her nose and ears. Mary, breathing heavily, opened
  the table drawer and pulled out a machete. She thrust it into the girl's vagina
  and twisted. Blood poured out. "Shit! She will die too fast!" yelled Debbie.
  Mary raised the knife again and in one move slashed the girl's breasts. The
  screaming stopped. She was dead.  
Barbara had never felt so good. Susan looked at her. "Happy?" Barbara smiled. "Yes,
  but I sort of regret suggesting the lynching. I have forgotten a few things &ndash; burning
  her , breaking her ass." "Don't worry, darling." Robert laughed. "We have all
  the time we want. Let's have a rest, and tomorrow we'll see what we can do."  
Chapter 4: Hot and Cold   
   
Mary, Barbara and Robert went to Robert's study. Robert poured drinks and
  they all sat down. Barbara was feeling happy and excited, the screams of the
  girl still echoing in her ears. Mary looked at her. "Well, congratulations!
  Your first torture session, and you did beautifully. You loved it, didn't you?"  
Barbara took a sip of whisky, smiled and stretched her nude body. "God, yes!
  Every second of it! I am only sorry that I suggested tearing her to pieces,
  it was so erotic but too fast!"  
"Don't you worry. You have the rest of the week to stay with us, and I promise
  some sexy fun every single day. You can think of any fantasy you ever had,
  and we can make them all come true."  
"And you can be as cruel as you wish." Mary added. "I am really looking forward
  to seeing what your imagination comes up with. Like you, I have a streak of
  violence and sometimes I get so hot that I slash and hit and kill them too
  quickly. Debbie and Susan are different, Debbie especially&hellip;.. I think
  she is the most deliciously cruel person I know."  
"I remember her first torture of a human, when she was just six&hellip;..
  we had taken this little boy about her age and we gave him to her for her birthday." Robert
  lit a cigar. "She kept him alive the whole day, he screamed and screamed. You
  will see for yourself what she is capable of. She is marvellous!"  
"Tomorrow" Mary interjected "we can go hunting all together. I would like
  to catch a whole family and bring them back to our land, and have fun with
  them outdoors."  
Hunting&hellip;.. a memory flashed in Barbara's mind, herself and her boyfriend,
  both naked, kneeling down to inspect a fox cub caught in their trap. Her nipples
  hardened and she smiled at the memory&hellip;.. skinning it alive had been
  fun, even if the pelt was so damaged to be useless.  
"And then, before the end of the week" Robert said "we can get hold of that
  damn village. The inhabitants are down to sixty or fewer, we can gather our
  friends and have a full day and enjoy ourselves for real."  
"You see, Barbara" Mary turned to her "when we have just one victim, like
  today, it is never possible to really let go. If you do it slow, you can't
  satisfy your violent instincts. If you are too violent, you kill too soon.
  But in that village, each one of us will have four or five to play with&hellip;..
  we can lynch some, torture some for hours, burn some alive&hellip;. All the
  fun that we want."  
"And all your friends are safe. I mean, no risk of any of this being known
  outside your circle?"  
"No risk whatsoever. All people involved are from here, we know them well,
  we know what they have done and they know what we have done, and the police
  and politicians are part of the game too. We all have too much to lose, everyone
  will be careful there is evidence too, taken regularly, and everyone knows.
  No outsiders, I mean, nobody could come to my land and house without being
  spotted. We have great security in place. Nobody can get in."  
"And no chance that someone will turn born again Christian or something like
  that? I am sorry I am playing the devil's advocate, Robert" she said apologetically "but
  for my personal safety and for my bank, I like to be sure that this is really
  secure. It sounds like it is, and of course you had no instances of someone
  spilling the beans in the past?"  
"One instance, I mean not one instance." Robert smiled. "Everything has been
  running smoothly for years, no leaks &ndash; even with those stupid Greens
  and religious freaks trying to protect natives' rights. Your bank would be
  proud of us all."  
"Good." Barbara smiled and ran her fingers along her body, on her breasts
  and down to her stomach and pussy. "Jesus, this is so incredible, my dreams
  coming true. I can hardly believe it."  
"Think about what you will do tomorrow." Mary stood up and crossed to the
  sofa, sitting next to Barbara. "Think about catching a young family&hellip;.
  father, mother, two young kids. The mother maybe pregnant." She caressed Barbara's
  thigh. "The things you will be able to do, and with all of them watching."  
Robert stood up too, and went to sit on the floor next to Barbara. He took
  her feet in his hands and started caressing them. "A young pregnant woman.
  Debbie will be giving her a lot of attention&hellip;. and Susan will want to
  play with one of the young kids. Making sure his mother can see what she is
  doing."  
Barbara was feeling more and more aroused. Her hands moved to Mary and Robert,
  touching and teasing. She opened her legs a little. "I want to hold her. You
  and me, Mary, one holding an arm and one the other. Keep her standing while
  Debbie and Susan torture her. No ties, I want to feel her struggle and I want
  to see her thrash about with her legs free."  
Mary's voice was husky, her fingers were twisting Barbara's nipples. "To
  pull her nails out one by one. To break her fingers as we did today."  
Robert knelt between Barbara's leg, teasing her entrance with his cock. "While
  you do her I will do her youngest kid&hellip;. I hope it will be a girl. Rape
  her, pull her legs apart and break her."  
"Drive a piece of wire up her cunt and kill the fetus."  
"Punch and kick her belly until she miscarries."  
"Burn her clit and her labia"  
Hands, feet, breasts, vagina, she was on fire. Words came out brokenly, with
  effort. "Impale her on a stick. Crucify her, drive nails through her hands
  and feet."  
"Burn her here and there."  
"Pull her eyes out."  
"Masturbate the father and impale the kids on his cock."  
A blur of bodies, hands, cock, lips, fire. Skin, smells, sweat. She felt
  her climax explode. Before her mind went blank, she saw her hand pulling the
  woman's labia, ripping her cunt apart.  
They stood up, bodies glistening, breathing raggedly. Barbara could hardly
  stand. Robert spoke softly. "Wake up at six. We are hunting tomorrow."  
Mary led her to her room. She collapsed on the bed, naked, covered in sweat
  and body juices. She had never felt so alive.  
A few hours later she was in the shower. She had slept very well, and was
  ready for today's fun. Her mind wandered. She went again through the previous
  day, her mind lingering on images and sounds. But the magic of the previous
  evening was less strong, and her mind was picking up smaller things. Two words
  came back again, and she felt uneasy.  
"One instance. I mean not one instance."  
She had felt it then and could feel it now, the change of tone. And then
  there was something else, that she couldn't quite put her finger on. She rinsed
  herself and stopped her shower. "Warm already outside" she thought. Then she
  remembered.  
No outsiders. Great security. Nobody can get in.  
"I am an outsider" she thought. And then, awkwardly, her husband's voice
  flashed into her mind: "A place where nobody can get in is a place where nobody
  can get out."  
Keith was a military historian and he had been talking about&hellip;. she
  wasn't sure. Some place where special forces had to go in for some reason.
  She had forgotten all details, but the remark had for some reason lingered
  on. And Keith knew what he was talking about.  
She towelled herself dry, thinking. Email, it would make sense to email Keith
  and tell him she was all right. She opened her laptop and switched it on. After
  a short time, she was asked for her password. She logged on. Not surprisingly
  for this kind of house, a wireless broadband connection was available. She
  opened a new message and wrote quickly.  
"Hi darling! I am doing fine, looking at how my firm's money is being invested
  in this farming estate. It is truly impressive, very advanced and the people
  are just marvellous.  
I am the guest of the owner and his family, very nice people with two sweet
  children. I will go on an extended tour today, tomorrow I will just rest, then
  some meetings with their accountants and their tax advisors. I will be back
  for the weekend as planned: I am so looking forward to watching Shakespeare
  on Sunday at the Barbican!  
I have to run now. Have a great day, well Ii guess afternoon by now. Love,
  see you soon.  
Barbara"  
She clicked sent, then switched off. She wore her sandals and left the room.  
"Last night was great." Robert was shaving, watching in the mirror as his
  wife was towelling herself after her shower. "Barbara is a very sensual woman,
  and cruel too. I am glad I invited her."  
"She is very intelligent too, I am sure." Mary's tone was slightly impersonal.
  Robert looked at her in the mirror.  
"Yes, I guess so. Dumb people don't get into that kind of job."  
"You had a tiny slip of the tongue, but I am sure she didn't get it." Mary
  lifted her left foot, inspecting her toenails.  
"I am sure she didn't. And don't forget &ndash; even if she did&hellip;.
  what's the problem? She has as much to lose as we or anyone else, now. The
  cameras were there and were not hidden, I am sure she saw them. I even talked
  about evidence. She is smart, she likes this and she knows. And she is enjoying
  herself a lot."  
"True. But we and the others are here, and she will be a long way off in
  a few days' time. Calmer and cooler and out of reach."  
"Calmer and cooler is good: her brain will keep her mouth shut. And what
  is this about out of reach? There is no danger, I tell you. This one is no
  Roseanne."  
"She isn't. She is much smarter."  
"Look." He rinsed his face, towelled it dry. "I can see you think I made
  a mistake in inviting her. OK, maybe I shouldn't have. But there is no risk
  here."  
"Has she emailed or phoned anyone?"  
"Let me check." He walked to a laptop, switched it on, keyed in a code. "Let
  me see the server. Yes, an email to her husband. Look!"  
Mary walked close and read it. "Sounds all right. And we are sure that there
  is some Shakespeare at the Barbican on Sunday?"  
Robert laughed. "You are very much in a cloak-and-dagger mood this morning.
  Let me check." A short pause. "Yes! See? Hamlet! At 2.30 pm."  
"To be or not to be" Mary mused. Robert looked at her. He said nothing. Mary
  shrugged. "One can have fantasies, no? I was wondering ho sweet it would be
  to see her crucified&hellip; begging for mercy. Just a fantasy."  
"You must be joking. Her bank knows she is here, her husband knows she is
  here. Look. This is a no-no. No way."  
"You like her a lot."  
Robert slapped the table in frustration. "For Christ's sake! Let's have breakfast
  now."  
"Robert." Mary placed a hand on his arm. "Don't worry, I know how to behave
  and I trust you. But we all need a devil nearby, or at least a devil's advocate.
  OK? As far as I am concerned, everything is fine."  
He smiled, she smiled back. They left the room.  
In England, Keith was smoking his pipe and reading. He glanced at the clock
  and decided to check his email. His wife's message was third on the list. He
  read it and then looked out of the window. "Shakespeare" he thought. Shakespeare.  
Chapter 5: Hunters and prey   
   
Barbara's horse was following Mary's along the forest path; Robert was riding
  ahead, Susan and Debbie behind. Barbara felt happy and excited; she could feel
  the body strapped behind her struggle vainly, and she smiled at the thought
  of the cruel fun that lay ahead. She felt hot in her jeans and shirt, and awkward
  after the carefree nudity of the previous day: never mind, her clothes would
  come off pretty soon.  
Capturing the native family had been absurdly easy. They had waited in silence
  for some time near the river ford that Robert had selected for the ambush.
  When they heard the sound of voices approaching, they had donned their masks,
  tight balaclavas with eye goggles and nose and mouth filters, and got the teargas
  sprayers ready. The family had appeared &ndash; a man and a woman, and two
  young girls, talking and unsuspecting. At Robert's signal they had opened the
  nozzles of the sprayers. The surprise, and the effect of the gas, had been
  enough: the four had been quickly overpowered, bound, gagged and then firmly
  strapped across the back of the horses. Then back to Robert's land, far enough
  and secure enough to provide the freedom to indulge in their cruellest desires
  in the open air.  
Barbara was happy with herself. Torturing that girl the previous day had
  been very exciting, and, to her intense satisfaction and relief, she had experienced
  no pity for her and no remorse or sense of guilt afterwards. Her cries and
  screams had turned her on, and watching her agonies had been thrilling and
  very erotic; she only regretted having given in to her lust and having suggested
  lynching her &ndash; too fast, and not cruel enough. Barbara was determined
  to take it easy this time.  
Mary let her horse slow down and rode next to Barbara. "So, looking forward
  to this?"  
"Yes! I can't wait. Yesterday was lovely, but I made it last too little!"  
Mary laughed. "Well, that was your first torture of a human being. No wonder
  you were overwhelmed by lust. I was too, my first time. And unlike you, I had
  never tortured animals."  
"How did you start?"  
"Robert and I had just married. I knew that natives were routinely killed,
  by my dad and Robert's dad and our friends, but as far as I knew nobody did
  more than that &ndash; kill them. One day, Robert and I had gone out riding,
  and after some time we stopped to have sex. We had just started when we heard
  voices. We got up quickly and before we could hide, there were a man and a
  woman, as surprised as we were."  
"What did you do?"  
"I froze, and they froze too. But Robert was quicker and grabbed his rifle &ndash; we
  were both armed &ndash; and fired at the man, wounding him. The woman screamed
  and fell to the ground cradling the man, and Robert grabbed her and forced
  her to the ground."  
"And you&hellip;..?"  
"I rushed to the man and pointed my rifle at him, and I was going to kill
  him when Robert shouted 'Stop!'. I looked at him, and he said: 'I want him
  to watch as we kill her.' So I went back to our horses and took a belt and
  tied him arms and legs &ndash; he was wounded in a thigh, could hardly struggle."  
"What did you do to the woman?"  
"I saw Robert's cock and it was so fucking hard &ndash; remember, we had
  been interrupted while having sex and were both naked. So rashly I suggested,
  why don't you rape her first? You should have seen his cock twitch when I said
  that!"  
Barbara laughed. "I bet!"  
"So, we tied her arms and I pinned her down, and Robert tore her clothes
  off and went down between her legs and started to rape her, hard. I felt excited,
  and also angry with her &ndash; maybe I was jealous she was getting the fucking
  that was mine. Anyway, just out of an impulse &ndash; while I was holding her
  arms &ndash; I took a splinter of wood that was on the ground and pushed it
  under one of her nails. She screamed, Robert looked at me and saw what I was
  doing, and he started to fucking her like crazy telling me, go on, go on, hurt
  this bitch. And I took her finger and snapped and broke it, and Robert came." Mary's
  nipples were hard under her flimsy blouse, the memory clearly still excited
  her. "After that, we pulled her up and took one of our knives and pushed it
  through her hands into the trunk of a tree, nailing her to it. And with the
  other knife we went to town."  
Barbara was breathing hard, aware of the damp patch forming between her legs. "What
  did you do to her?"  
Mary laughed. "Nothing refined &ndash; it was our first torture, for both
  of us, and we just had our knives. We cut off her nipples and her clit, and
  we raped her again using a branch that we tore off a tree. Then I gouged her
  eyes out with my nails, and finally Robert plunged his knife into her cunt
  and twisted it&hellip;.. that did for her. And then we did her man, who had
  kept screaming&hellip;. we beat him to death, kicks and punches, and I sliced
  through his cock with my knife. It can't have lasted more than a quarter of
  an hour, then we fucked like animals and God, it was the best fucking sex that
  I had ever had. After that day&hellip;.. torture became part of our fun, and
  of that of our friends."  
Barbara sighed. "Jesus&hellip;.. and I thought that torturing animals was
  all that I could ever do!"  
Mary laughed. "Well, now you know better! And by the way &ndash; any thought
  about what we could do to our prisoners? A young man; a young woman, very pregnant &ndash; I'd
  say eight months; and two lovely young girls. Any thoughts you might want to
  share?"  
"I haven't thought about it yet, really. And I am not an expert like you.
  But&hellip;.. how about raping the pregnant woman to begin with? First Robert's
  cock, then&hellip;.. a pointed stick maybe, or a piece of iron?"  
"And kill the baby inside her womb?"  
"Yes. We could also beat her belly hard until she miscarries&hellip;.. or
  cut her up &ndash; but that would kill her."  
"We can do that when we have done with her. How about the girls?"  
"Rape them first." Barbara laughed. "OK, I am not being very imaginative
  and Robert is going to be overworked. We can do it with&hellip;. Oh, say branches
  from thorny shrubs, if there are any in the vicinity."  
"Or maybe a rose branch all the way through them." Robert had slowed down
  too and had turned his head. "Rose thorns could really rip their cunts to pieces."  
"Wouldn't they look lovely with roses in their pussies?" Mary laughed again. "Anyway,
  what else&hellip;. We could break them to pieces with our bare hands if they
  were younger, but these are too old&hellip; too much hard work."  
"Well ladies, time for you to make up your minds. We have arrived. Let's
  get our prisoners ready!"  
They had reached a clearing that was evidently ready for some serious fun.
  Several large trees were bordering a grassy circle, with benches in the middle.
  Each tree had two solid ropes secured to thick, low branches. Shrubs and rocks
  provided a screen all around. The canopy of branches was thinner over the clearing,
  and let some shafts of sunlight through.  
They took their captives one by one off the horses and to the trees, securing
  them to the ropes so that they were facing each other. All four were struggling,
  but they had been tied securely and they could only emit low, gurgling noises
  through their gags. Once they were all secured, Robert started undressing,
  imitated by the others. Soon they were all naked, bodies glistening with sweat,
  the smell of sexual excitement wafting in the still tropical air. Barbara felt
  her skin tingle. She was smiling &ndash; she remembered in a flash the Shakespeare
  telegram, and she wished she hadn't sent it. No big deal, she thought, a few
  hours and she could send another email and reassure her husband.  
Back in London, at about the same time, Keith McHill, Barbara's husband,
  was having tea with an acquaintance.  
"So, Keith." The man's voice was friendly, but his eyes were cool. "Your
  wife got herself into some&hellip;. problem. And you don't know what the problem
  is."  
"Yes and no. Since I got her email and rang you, I have made a few phone
  calls."  
"To whom?"  
"Her firm. I told them I wanted to ring her and confirm the time of her flight
  back here. Told them I had lost the note with the name of her client."  
"Which you never had."  
"Yes. And they gave me the name. So I checked him. Everything fine, big landowner&hellip;.
  Land in an interesting area."  
Something in Keith's tone made the other man stiffen. "Interesting?"  
"Yes. Geologically interesting. And also&hellip;. looks like the local population
  has been decreasing rapidly. Only one village left."  
"I am afraid I can't quite follow. One village, on the land of your wife's
  client?"  
"No. On the native tribe's land. Which is interesting, and surrounded by
  the land of Barbara's client&hellip; and by the land of some of his friends.
  One of whom" Keith looked calmly at the other man "is the head of the federal
  police."  
"I see." A pause. "So, that land is going to be&hellip; depopulated, sooner
  rather than later. Is this a problem for us? I would have guessed not."  
"Two things puzzled me. One, that we were not told about the decrease in
  population, until I made enquiries. And by the way &ndash; the government says
  the population is stable. It is the church &ndash; the missionaries &ndash; who
  think the population is going down."  
"I see." The man's face was impassive. "And the second thing that puzzled
  you?"  
"That a new law was passed by their parliament last year. Very quietly. A
  law that says that, if common or tribal land gets depopulated and the government
  puts it up for sale, the landowners bordering it have priority over any other
  bidders."  
"Both interesting developments &ndash; and we knew nothing of either, until
  your wife&hellip; proposed that you go to theatre?"  
"Yes."  
"OK. You were right to call me. This merits some attention."  
"Thank you."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rosetta Stone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





