BDSM Library - Ring of Truth Blog




Ring of Truth Blog
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When clearing an old attic Derek finds a ring and a notebook. Wearing the ring gives him to the power to read the thoughts of others and make them answer questions completely truthfully. The notebook tells of a previous owner's experiences with the ring over two centuries previously. Derek decides to publish his observations on wearing the ring interspersed with those in the notebook as a series of 'blogs'.Ring of Truth   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF MC.  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 1. Finding the ring   
12th July 2004  
&quot;I promised Mrs. McCready you would help her move into her new house.
  You don't mind do you Derek?&quot; It was typical of my mother to volunteer
  me without asking first.  
&quot;But I planned on going over to Sandswick this afternoon mother,&quot; I
  protested.  
&quot;Oh there'll be plenty of times you can go there. You've still two months
  left before you start work and the woman really needs someone strong to help
  her clear all the old stuff from poor Miss Read's old house. Finish your breakfast,
  I said you would be there about nine and it's past that now. You were up late
  this morning.&quot; There was that hint of disapproval in her voice. &quot;I
  expect she'll get you something for lunch and you can get a takeaway for dinner.
  I'll be at the bridge club until late.&quot;  
I groaned and complained but there was no getting out of it. Mother was adamant
  that I should help and despite all my arguments, insisted I go. It wasn't that
  I really objected to helping, and I didn't dislike Mrs. McCready, if fact she
  was quite a pleasant woman, but I did object to being put in a position where
  I would be obliged to help whether or not I wanted to. The last few months
  had been stressful in the extreme but after many nights of burning the midnight
  oil, I was able to complete the research needed for my thesis. It worked out
  and I finally obtained my doctorate. I am now fully entitled to call myself
  Dr. Derek Meeks. Mother even got the photo of me wearing my mortarboard and
  gown in the local paper. For the time being though I just wanted to relax and
  make the most of the free time before I took up a research post at Dunchester
  University where I had spent the last five years as a student. It is only ten
  miles away which meant I could and did live at home for the first four years
  of my course and save my accommodation expenses, but during that time I was
  never free of mother's influences. When I successfully obtained a grant and
  sponsorship for my post graduate research I was able to afford a room on the
  campus but at the start of the new term I shall move into a house my predecessor
  in the post now occupies. His new job is taking him abroad for several years.  
Glumly I walked the few hundred yards along the road to the fifteenth century
  house that had been Miss Read's home for as long as anyone could remember.
  The seemingly frail, bent old lady lived alone and had survived until one morning
  soon after her ninety-eighth birthday, the milkman noticed the previous day's
  milk hadn't been taken in. He alerted the police and they called her younger
  sister's son, Robert, who found Miss Read lying abed. She'd died peaceably
  in her sleep. Her will left the house and contents to be shared between all
  three of her sister's children but none of them wished to live in the damp,
  inconvenient old house. After dividing up any furniture and belongings that
  were deemed worth keeping, the remainder was left and the house put up for
  sale.  
To Jean McCready, the building was a delightful example of a framed Tudor
  house. She loved the way the top storey overhung the ground floor and the quaint
  carvings on the ends of the protruding floor beams. &quot;It will need a lot
  of money spent on it to get it habitable by modern standards and of course
  there are restrictions on what you are allowed to do with an old building like
  this,&quot; the estate agent had warned her, but money wasn't a problem. She
  had money in her own right and the inheritance from the death of her husband
  made her quite wealthy.  
&quot;She can afford to pay a firm to come in a clear the whole place,&quot; I
  muttered as I sauntered along still cursing my mother for involving me, more
  so because she'd sent me to work while she went and played cards with her friends.
  The front door, accessed by two stone steps directly from the pavement was
  wide open and a hire skip stood coned off in the road with a layer of rubbish
  already covering the base. Climbing the steps I peered inside and called out, &quot;Mrs.
  McCready!&quot;  
&quot;Come in Derek, sorry I didn't mean to impose on you like this but your
  mother insisted and wouldn't take no for an answer. Please feel free to go
  if you have other things planned. If you haven't then I could certainly use
  the help. I'll pay you of course. I intended to go to the employment people
  to get someone but Miriam said&hellip;well you know your mother.&quot; The
  woman gave an impish grin.  
&quot;It's okay Mrs. McCready&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Jean please.&quot; The dumpy woman with the ready smile took my hand
  and shook it. &quot;It makes me feel old to be called Mrs. by someone as old
  as you. I'm only forty-one for heavens sake!&quot;  
&quot;Okay Jean, I'm here and I'll do what I can to help. No need to worry
  about paying me. I sort of figured it was to be voluntary work or mother wouldn't
  have suggested it.&quot; I couldn't help smiling at the woman clad incongruously
  in blue overalls wearing bright yellow rubber gloves and a red headscarf. There
  were already dirt smudges on her face. &quot;What's to be done?&quot; I asked
  as I donned my old white lab coat. By the state Jean was in, it wouldn't be
  white for long. Jean gave me a quick tour and at once I could see how neglected
  the place had been for many years. Threadbare carpets covered the floors, wallpaper
  hung in tatters from the walls and over all there was a dank musty smell. Jean's
  mind though, saw things as they would be after she had worked on the place.  
&quot;I want to do as much as I can myself,&quot; Jean told me, &quot;There'll
  be lots I can't do but the place will feel more mine if I do what I can and
  in any case, who knows, clearing a place like this might yield some treasures.
  Perhaps there will be some things I can take to the Antiques Roadshow and have
  one of the experts tell me it is worth a fortune.&quot; I laughed with her
  at the thought of her appearing on the TV show with some little trinket that
  was held in awe by a bespectacled presenter. By then we were on the upstairs
  landing. &quot;The first job will be to get the roof repaired and for that
  the workmen need to get into the attic. Rain comes through in several places
  and that's made the house quite damp. All I can see by peering over the ledge
  are a few boxes. I've bought a stepladder but it needs someone with a bit more
  height and more spring in their bum to get through the trap door to see what's
  in there.&quot;  
&quot;Someone like me?&quot; I questioned. She laughed.  
An hour later I had an extension lead in the attic with a vacuum cleaner
  and a quartz halogen light plugged in. &quot;There's a good wood floor with
  lots of boxes, some wood, some cardboard. Rain's made some places damp. Where
  it's dry the place is covered with dust.&quot; I called down. &quot;I'll Hoover
  the boxes a bit and pass them down to you so you can sort through them.&quot;  
By lunchtime we had a pile of boxes in what was the lounge. While Jean went
  to the nearby baker's for sandwiches, I made tea and started looking through
  the boxes. Many were discarded clothes, papers and oddments of china. Some,
  where the roof had leaked, the water had got into the material and the clothes
  were covered with mould, others were surprising dry and in good condition.
  We laughed and joked over our finds while we drank our tea. I declined the
  offer of a box of old rag dolls. &quot;You might want them in a few years time,&quot; Jean
  suggested.  
&quot;Not much hope of that at the moment,&quot; I replied.  
&quot;No one special at the university then?&quot;  
&quot;Nope. I don't really seem to get on with girls. Seem to say the wrong
  things at the wrong time. In any case for the last few months I been well and
  truly worked off my feet to finish my thesis.&quot;  
Jean wanted to keep the paperwork, mainly old letters and bills, in case
  there was something interesting historically concerning the house but much
  of the stuff went straight into the skip. Nearly at the end of our break, I
  forced open a wooden chest containing various items of jewellery. The lid was
  locked but the joints at one corner had given way so I pulled the end off and
  tipped the contents on to the floor. Delightedly Jean and I picked them over.
  Amongst the items I picked out a small cardboard box no bigger than a pack
  of playing cards. Inside nestled a signet ring and a small leather book. From
  the start I sensed something strange about the ring. The metal still gleamed
  silver whereas all the other silver jewellery in the box was tarnished to blackness
  but at first I just put that down to it having been inside the little box.
  The band was about 6 mm wide and inscribed with writing that I thought was
  possibly Persian but which was unintelligible to me. Affixed to the band was
  a squarish block with scalloped edges and only about 8 mm on each side in the
  centre of which sat a small, slightly iridescent, greenish-yellow stone. There
  was nothing ostentatious about it and in fact most people hardly notice that
  I am wearing it. It looks like an ordinary ring that could be bought cheaply
  in any market. I slipped it on my index finger and held out my hand to show
  Jean.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;&hellip;these beads are beautiful. I guess from the
      colour they must be amber because they wouldn't have plastic to fake them
      from if they are as old as they look. They're really nice.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
I was astounded. I heard Jean talking in my head but her lips weren't moving
  and she was engrossed in sorting through the jewellery.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;That's a nice looking broach. Bet the mount is silver
      and will set off the blue stone when it is cleaned up.&quot;&gt;&gt;  Jean
      looked up and saw the ring on my finger and perhaps the look of bewilderment
      on my face. &lt;&lt;&quot;Goodness he looks a little pale. Hope
      we haven't overdone it today. I guess he's not used to manual work.&quot;&gt;&gt;  To
      my eyes the stone seemed to gently twinkle like the green neon on my computer
      when it is working but certainly not as brightly as that. &quot;You okay?&quot; she
      asked in a normal voice and then she saw the ring and took my hand to see
      it more closely. &quot;That looks nice on you. Keep it Derek. I don't think
      it would suit me.&quot; We put the remainder of the jewellery in another
      box ready for Jean to take home and stood to stretch our legs. We'd been
      sitting on the floor during our lunch break. &quot;I suppose we ought to
      get a little more done. I can clean these things later,&quot; she suggested, &quot;You
      feel like carrying on?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, fine. Who knows what else we might find up there? Maybe some more
  dolls!&quot;  
We climbed the stairs again but all the while I kept hearing Jean's voice
  in my head commenting on the jewellery and what she might do with it and what
  it might be worth. Twice I turned around to see if she was actually speaking
  but she only looked at me in surprise. Could I really be hearing what she was
  thinking? Could it be the ring? No, that would be too much like magic and magic
  didn't exist. My scientific training tried unsuccessfully to find another explanation.
  I could test if it was the ring by removing it. By now I had ascended the stepladder
  and had my hands either side of the opening ready to spring into the attic.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;Nice arse. Wonder what his prick is like. Giggle.
      It'd be nice to have a nice young prick in me again. Oh you are a naughty
      girl to think that!&quot;&gt;&gt;  The words in my head shocked
      me so much that I very nearly didn't make the jump into the attic. &quot;Careful
      Derek,&quot; Jean warned, &quot;You sure you're okay?&quot;  
&quot;Fine. Wasn't thinking what I was doing.&quot;  
&lt;&lt;&quot;I hope he is. Probably not worked as hard physically
      for a while. Perhaps I'd better not push him too much. Don't want Miriam&hellip;&quot;&gt;&gt;  I
      slipped the ring into my pocket at that point and Jean's voice in my head
      ceased. The boxes from immediately around the trapdoor had now all been
      removed but there were still a few at the far end of the attic. Below me
      I could hear Jean clearing one of the bedrooms. I slipped the ring on again
      but couldn't hear Jean until I pushed the stone against the floorboards
      more or less above where she was. I could hear her thoughts but at a very
      much reduced level, a level so low that I almost had to stop breathing
      to hear them. Oddly, when I switched on the vacuum cleaner the voices in
      my head were just as clear as it was when the noisy machine was off. It
      seemed as if outside noises didn't affect my ability to receive messages,
      whereas internal noises like coughing and heavy breathing would. &quot;Can
      I project my thoughts to her?&quot; I wondered. So far I had seen no evidence
      of it. Standing at the trapdoor I tried to send a thought message to ask
      her to come to the steps but nothing happened although I could hear her
      discussing with herself was to do with the peeling wallpaper. &quot;Better
      take the ring off for a bit,&quot; I told myself, &quot;Otherwise I won't
      get much done. Even as I cleaned the attic and moved the remaining boxes
      to near the trapdoor, I couldn't help wondering how the ring worked and
      what difference it might make to my life. My thoughts also kept returning
      to the remark Jean made about wanting my prick. Now, instead of thinking
      of her as a woman old enough to be my mother, well nearly, I began to wonder
      what she was like under the overalls she'd been wearing all day. Yes, she
      was short and a little plump but well endowed in the tit department. From
      her comment, 'it'd be nice to have a nice young prick in me again,' I guessed
      she still got horny. Maybe there was a chance I could get my prick into
      her. It had been a few months since I'd last fucked a girl and I'd certainly
      never had one as old or as plump as Jean.  
By mid-afternoon I had the attic clear and went down for a cuppa and look
  through the latest boxes but there was not too much of interest for me. Mainly
  papers and old clothes and a few children's toys but they had been well used
  and were rather battered. &quot;You're not wearing the ring,&quot; Jean commented.  
&quot;I didn't want to damage it,&quot; I lied but put it on again. We sat
  cross-legged on the floor drinking the last of our tea. The tail ends of my
  lab coat had opened so I knew Jean could look directly at my crotch and from
  her thoughts I knew she was assessing my potential. &lt;&lt;&quot;He
  looks to have a decent bulge there. Is that all prick or is just the way his
  trousers hang? Wonder if I could get a little feel of it. Giggle.&quot;&gt;&gt;   In
  return I began to appraise her body. She certainly wasn't a beauty queen but
  she was by no means unattractive. Thinking these thoughts caused my prick to
  stiffen and from her thoughts I knew she noticed. Ineffectually I tried talking
  about the things we'd found and moved myself so the budding erection didn't
  show as much. Once again I tried to see if I could project my thoughts but
  with no result.  
By four o'clock we'd both had enough. My once white lab coat was near black
  down the front and Jean's overalls were filthy. &quot;Let's call it a day,
  Derek. Would you like to come to my place for a meal? There's a couple of steaks
  in the freezer,&quot; she suggested.  
&quot;I'm filthy. I ought to go home and shower and change.&quot;  
&quot;I do have a shower at my place, you know,&quot; Jean laughed, &quot;And
  we could pick up a change of clothes at yours on the way. I'm just as dirty
  as you so I'll need a shower too.&quot;  &lt;&lt;&quot;Wouldn't mind
  showering with him like I did with Ted. He seems interested in me from the
  way he keeps looking at my tits.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
&quot;Okay, you persuaded me,&quot; I grinned wondering if I would really
  be able to shower with her. I knew she thought about it but I couldn't think
  of a way to bring it about.  
We chatted about the house and the finds as she drove the five miles to her
  home. She showed me the shower and asked, &quot;Would you like to use it first?
  Don't be too greedy with the hot water though. The tank is rather small.&quot;  
&quot;Ladies first,&quot; I replied.  
&quot;No guests first.&quot;  
We argued as to who should go first for a minute or so until I jokingly asked, &quot;Would
  you like us to shower together then?&quot;  
The smile left her face and her expression became serious and rather blank
  looking. I thought I had committed a faux pas but quietly and seemingly finding
  it difficult to get the words out she answered, &quot;Yes Derek, I would like
  to shower with you.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;What made me say that? I
  know I wanted to but I don't want to appear to be a slut or taking advantage
  of him. I couldn't seem to stop myself&hellip;.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
I could tell from Jean's thoughts that she was confused but I decided to
  keep the advantage. &quot;Come on then, I'll undress you and you can undress
  me. Let's have a little fun after all the hard work.&quot; Taking her hand
  I led her into the bathroom and started unbuttoning her shirt. Her thoughts
  that came through to my mind were still very confused. Deep down she wanted
  to shower and have sex with me but had grave reservations about doing it with
  the son of her friend, doing it with a young lad, doing it with someone she
  would see frequently in the future. Seeing her hesitation, I tried to reassure
  her. &quot;I'm not a minor you know Jean. I'm twenty-six for heavens sake and
  I do have a little experience. I want to do this as much as you so let's pretend
  I'm just a toy-boy you've hired for an hour or two. Forget that you know my
  mother or that we'll be working together again in the morning. Let's live for
  the moment.&quot; She seemed surprised at my insight into what was worrying
  her and relaxed. Before long we were both naked and looking each other over.
  For my part I was very pleased at the sight of Jean's plump body and her good
  sized tits that had hardly started to sag. &quot;You're very nice Jean,&quot; I
  said awkwardly as I gave her a hug and pressed her breasts to my lower chest
  and her head to my shoulders.  
&quot;You're not so bad yourself, tall guy,&quot; she giggled and then pushed
  herself away and took a quick look at my equipment. &gt;&gt;&quot;Nice
  sized prick and big balls, already half hard. Hope he can use it later.&quot;&gt;&gt;  Her
  thoughts came to me as we stepped under the shower and washed each other.  
To Jean it must have seemed that I knew just the right tricks to stimulate
  her. Verbally she just came out with &quot;Oooh's and aaraah's&quot; but her
  mental instructions were far more precise. &lt;&lt;&quot;Rub the
  underside of my breasts, now the nipples&hellip; massage my bottom&hellip;now
  my slit&hellip; play with my clit&hellip;&quot;&gt;&gt;   I responded
  to all these messages and brought her to a noisy climax even before she started
  to wash me. When she did, she paid special attention to my prick, which was
  now rock hard.  &lt;&lt;&quot;Hope he'll put this in me&hellip;mustn't
  rub it too hard so he comes and can't get it up again&hellip; young lads can
  often get it hard quickly so perhaps it won't matter&hellip; perhaps I can
  give it just a little suck ...&quot;&gt;&gt;  I felt her lips around
  the head and knew I would soon shoot my load and warned her. For a moment she
  seemed worried and her thoughts told me it was because she wanted it in her
  and then &lt;&lt;&quot;Well if he's so close, it won't be much of
  a fuck so I might as well finish him off and try again later.&quot;&gt;&gt;  Her
  mouth took my manhood deeper and she sucked more vigorously until I could hold
  out no longer.  
&quot;If that's a sample of what older women can do, I want more of them,&quot; I
  said to myself.  
Finally we finished washing and drying ourselves. Jean, I knew, enjoyed the
  experience as much as I did but inwardly she was confused, guilty and apprehensive
  as to what we had done. I tried to reassure her as best I could but still the
  guilty feeling remained. We didn't dress properly but she loaned me a plaid
  dressing gown of Ted's and wore a flowery one herself. Ted's was a bit short
  on me but it covered my prick with just a little to spare.  
For a while our minds were largely concerned with preparing and eating the
  meal but in any spare moments both of us thought about what happened earlier
  and how it would affect our relationship. After the washing-up was done and
  we sat drinking tea in the lounge, our thinking once again turned to sex. My
  prick started to rise from the visual stimulation of seeing the tops of Jean's
  tits where her gown had opened. Putting my arm around her, I kissed them. Instinctively
  she started to push me away, and almost as quickly pulled me to her.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;I want it in me this time&hellip;I can feel it hardening&hellip;hope
      he wants to&hellip;&quot;&gt;&gt;   
&quot;Jean? Would you like us to go into the bedroom and do it properly?&quot; I
  whispered in her ear.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; she hissed back, &quot;Yes please.&quot;  
I wasn't a virgin but I'd only had fucked a few girls and none aroused me
  like Jean did. This was partly due to way her tits bounced and her arse wobbled
  as she walked. I couldn't resist giving her bum cheeks a playful smack as we
  went into the room, which brought a little squeal from her. My arousal was
  also very much stimulated by hearing her raunchy thoughts as I ploughed into
  her and for the thought instructions as to what she liked me to do. The movements
  that seemed to suit her best also inflamed my passions but even so I took longer
  than usual to ejaculate into her, probably because it was the second emission
  in a relatively short time.  
Ring of Truth Blog 2   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF Little sex in this blog &ndash; will be in the rest.  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 2. The origin of the ring   
13th July 2004  
I arrived home at nine o'clock, Dad was watching a big football match on
  TV and from his thoughts, I knew he was totally engrossed in it so I went to
  my room and took out the little book that came with the ring. The pages were
  sear and brown and, apart from the title page, the writing spidery and microscopic
  in size. Even with a magnifying glass it was difficult to read and it was only
  when I tried my X10 hand-lens that I could make out the words fairly clearly
  but with that amount of magnification, I could only read a few letters at a
  time. A better method of reading the text was needed. How the author managed
  to write so small, probably with a quill or a steel nibbed pen, I would never
  know.  
&quot;Supposing I&hellip;?&quot; An idea came to me. I placed the book, open
  to the first two pages on the scanner and scanned it into PhotoShop. By enlarging
  it to A4 landscape size and using the grayscale, levels, contrast and unsharp
  mask controls, I was able to read the text on clearly on the screen.  
I read the first page carefully.  
Be warned!!   
The Ring of Truth   
Joshua Matlock September 22nd AD 1768   
Being now 74 years of age and daily becoming more infirm but with
      my faculties intact I have decided I have no further need of the ring that
      has served me so well over the years. Rather than allow it to fall into
      the hands of my unscrupulous relatives, I will package it and store it
      with such trinkets as have been left behind by various mistresses and my
      newly departed Beatrice, in a place where it is unlikely they will find
      it. God willing, I will in these pages show how the ring has been of some
      service to me and it will help my mind re-live some of the experiences
      of my past. The account will, I am sure, only give brief glimpses of such
      services and the titillation's and rewards I had from its influence.   
To whosoever finds this ring, I must give warning before he, or
      even she, wears it.   
The ring, which I call the Ring of Truth, has two most unusual
      and unique properties. Firstly it allows the wearer to listen to the thoughts
      of those nearby without them being aware of it happening, and secondly,
      any question asked by the wearer is always answered, and answered truthfully
      and with complete honesty.   
&quot;That's why Jean said she would like to shower with me and then have
  sex,&quot; I muttered to myself. &quot;She would probably have made up some
  white lie otherwise.&quot;  
At first sight it may seem a pleasant diversion to eavesdrop on
      the private thoughts of others and so often it is, but not infrequently,
      the thoughts are directed against you. Thus in order to preserve the knowledge
      of your ability, you will need quickly to become inured to hearing the
      black scurrilous things others think about you. In the early days of my
      possessing the ring, I was sorely shocked by the unspoken opinions that
      personages I believed to be my friends, thought about my appearance, my
      ability, my work and my finances. You must harden your heart to such thoughts
      and behave as though you have not heard them.   
Think twice or thrice before asking any question especially if
      in the company of several others. The truthful and honest answer you receive
      may well not be the one you wish for and can lead to embarrassment for
      all concerned. Even seemingly innocent questions can have unexpected answers.
      For example at a ball in the Manor House, I asked a young lady if she would
      care to dance. &quot;No!&quot; she retorted loudly and gave her reason
      by calling me a blaggard and worse. This took place in front of many of
      the gentry and my peers who were present at the function. Not only was
      I made to look a complete and utter fool, the lady herself was completely
      flustered by her outburst and had to retire immediately.   
Having counselled my warnings to you, whoever you are and in whatever
      time, do not hesitate to use the ring to your advantage. Knowing your opponent's
      thoughts is a great advantage in business and being able to read the minds
      of ladies makes their seduction very much easier and saves wasting time
      on those that will not be receptive to you.   
Thinking back to the events earlier in the day, I realised how lucky I had
  been not to alienate Jean by asking questions that could have provoked an outburst.
  Apart from the two concerning the shower and having sex which I knew she wanted
  from her thoughts, I'd only asked straight-forward things like, &quot;Where
  would you like this box put? Shall I dump this lot?&quot; which she could answer
  normally.  
&quot;How'd you get on at Miss Read's?&quot; Mother asked when she arrived
  home. I'd decided to call it a day and noted the PhotoShop settings ready for
  scanning the remainder of the book and went to the kitchen to make a mug of
  Horlicks. She'd just returned from her bridge meeting.  
&quot;Fine, cleared the attic and got much of the other stuff into the skip.
  How'd you get on at Bridge?&quot;  
Mother gave a half smile and said, &quot;Won more than I lost.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;Good
      job he doesn't know what else I played with. Jack Pendergast's prick for
      example! That was a real nice game. Not like yours that hardly ever gets
      hard.&quot;&gt;&gt;  Mother turned towards her husband watching
      the replays of the match. &quot;Who won?&quot; she asked him although she
      wasn't at all interested in his reply. Her mind was still reliving the
      fucking she'd had at the 'bridge club.' I was pretty shocked when I took
      in the details and saw the images she was projecting. Never in my life
      would I have suspected mother of infidelity let alone some of the off-beat
      things she did. The Bridge games were nothing more than sex swap parties
      between her, Mary and Jack Pendergast and Fred Bassett. I knew them all
      and until now thought them respectable people. Never would I have suspected
      anything of their sexual proclivities. I almost blurted out a comment but
      just in time I remembered the warning in Joshua's book and tried to compose
      myself.  
&quot;Think I'll have an early night Mum. I'm not used to being a labourer.&quot;  
&quot;Did you get a pizza or something for your dinner Derek?&quot; Mother
  called as I started up the stairs.  
&quot;No, Jean cooked steaks.&quot;  
&quot;Oh so it's Jean now is it. You watch yourself my lad!&quot; Mother
  laughed at me, &quot;Some old ladies like to have a toyboy.&quot; Little did
  she realise how near the truth that was.  
For a while I lay in the darkness waiting for sleep that wouldn't come. I
  gently stroked my prick as I replayed the scenes from mother's thoughts. Perhaps
  I should have been more shocked than I was but I surmised that, like Jean,
  mother wasn't getting the sex she wanted or needed at home. &quot;Good luck
  to you mother,&quot; I muttered but I felt sorry for dad. He worked hard to
  earn enough money to keep us and I wasn't going to be contributing to the family
  income now either. &quot;Just don't get caught mother or you may be in for
  a rough time,&quot; I thought to myself. My mind was also full of the ring,
  its possibilities, and its dangers. How would I use it? And for what purpose?  
About eleven o'clock I heard Jenny, my sister, come in and go into her room
  next to mine. Curious but at the same time feeling rather guilty at spying
  on my own sister, I placed the ring against the wall and in the quietness,
  I picked up her thoughts fairly easily. She'd had sex with Ralph but that was
  pretty much to be expected. They were due to get married in a month's time
  and were fixing up a house ready for their life together. However, although
  sex came into her mind several times mostly her thoughts concentrated on the
  wedding plans and the work needing to be done on the house. I took the ring
  off and eventually drifted off to sleep.  
Early next morning, much earlier than I would normally get up, I fired up
  the computer and started scanning in the book. It was much quicker now that
  I knew the settings to use to get the optimum clarity from the pages. These
  I saved as JPG files in a protected folder because there was no way I could
  enable the OCR programme to read the peculiar handwriting and I didn't want
  anyone else to see them. Not than any of my family ever came into the room
  without asking, nor would they dream of accessing my computer. In any case
  Jenny was the only one who knew enough about computers to even turn the thing
  on. Father left for work at 6:30 and when I heard Jenny go into the bathroom
  at seven, I slipped the ring on again and went to the downstairs loo and then
  started the coffee machine going. While making toast I reminded myself not
  to ask questions when Jenny came down.  
&quot;You're up early,&quot; she commented when she arrived in the kitchen
  dressed ready for work.  
&quot;Couldn't seem to sleep. Too much hard work yesterday I guess.&quot;  
We made sporadic conversation about mundane things while she drank her coffee.
  I, off course, tuned into her thoughts, which were mainly concerned with Ralph,
  the house and the wedding but at one point she stared at me for more than a
  fleeting glance, her eyes focussed on my bare chest. As normal for me at that
  time of year, I only wore pyjama bottoms and because the weather was warm I
  came down to breakfast dressed that way. For a moment I thought I missed a
  comment from her but her thoughts went on. &lt;&lt;&quot;My God,
  Derek's getting to be quite a hunky man. It's a wonder no girl has snapped
  him up. Maybe he's too shy. Perhaps he's not too well endowed between his legs.
  I wonder what his prick is like now? Haven't seen it since he was about ten
  years old except for the time I got a glimpse when he peed behind the bush
  and didn't know I was there. Didn't get a very good look at it then.&quot;&gt;&gt;  Involuntarily
  I blushed and this caught Jenny's attention, &quot;What are you thinking about
  to make you blush like that?&quot; she asked and giggled, &quot;You weren't
  having naughty thoughts about your young sister were you?&quot; Before I could
  reply she leaned over the table and peered at my crotch and saw my pyjamas
  starting to tent out. &quot;I'd better get going before you do more than think
  naughty thoughts,&quot; she laughed and went to get her coat. &lt;&lt;&quot;He
  seems to be well enough equipped in that department. Surely some of the girl
  students at Uni would have found that out too? Maybe he is too shy or too wrapped
  up in his work. I know he's had a pretty stressful time for the last few months.&quot;&gt;&gt;  &quot;See
  you later. Don't do anything I wouldn't do naughty boy.&quot;  
&quot;That gives me plenty of scope,&quot; I responded as she left and I
  returned to my computer to read the JPG files. Later I typed them to make them
  easier to read and put them in this blog.  
Ring of Truth.   
Whosoever finds this ring will, I'm sure, welcome the answers to
      three questions. Where did the ring come from? How does the magic work?
      And how did I come by it? Unfortunately I cannot answer the first two questions
      with any certainty. The story as told to me may or may not be true but
      that is the only provenance I have.   
While no date can be assigned, but it must be at least a century
      ago perhaps many centuries, the ring was owned by the high priest of a
      temple somewhere in the mountains of the Hindu Kush. How he came by it,
      is not known nor is the metal from which it is made. I assumed at first
      it was silver but an assayist said it definitely wasn't silver or any other
      metal he had come across. The story goes that the priest used the ring
      to peruse the minds of his acolytes to ensure none had unclean thoughts.
      Any that did were stripped of their vestments and made to lie over the
      back of a statue of their God, a rotund figure by all accounts. The priest
      then publicly whipped the acolyte until the sins of his thoughts were pardoned.   
The peace of the isolated community was shattered one morning when
      a group of marauding brigands attacked the temple and massacred all the
      inhabitants that were unable to flee in time. Some months later the loot
      from the temple, including the ring, found its way to a merchant in Samarkand
      and was bought by a trader working the Old Silk Road to China where he
      sold it to a wealthy chinaman. All of the tale so far is largely conjecture
      but the story that follows is more factual.   
Forty years ago, I owned a prosperous inn at the harbour entrance
      to the West Dock in London. It was a rough area but I employed a few of
      the rougher men to keep the peace and generally enjoyed a good relationship
      with the seamen who used the establishment and the maids that I employed
      to service them. One such was Jock McCray, a fiery little Scotsman. One
      night, a few days after he was in port from a tea run from Shanghai, my
      men brought him in severely beaten. His face was a mass of blood, one arm
      was broken and his body was badly bruised and cut and we suspected there
      was also internal damage from having received an almighty kicking. I had
      him taken to a bed at the back of the inn and personally oversaw two of
      the maids clean and tend his wounds. Meanwhile I sent a boy to 'Doc' Mason's
      house. He was a retired naval surgeon and he tottered in quickly enough.
      It cost me two large brandies before he would even see the patient. I wondered
      if I had done the right thing when he staggered up the stairs but without
      hardly a word he felt Jock's arm, ordered two of us to hold him still and
      then with a deft pull, set the arm. Jock yelled at the pain but it soon
      subsided. &quot;Bind a couple of pieces of wood each side of the arm and
      leave them for a month,&quot; Doc ordered. It cost me another brandy before
      Doc made his unsteady way home.   
A week later Jock could get up and walk and talk a little but his
      ship had left so he was without a job and no immediate prospects of getting
      one considering his condition. One morning a week later, we sat reminiscing
      after breakfast when the inn was quiet. For a short while I was silent
      until Jock interrupted my thoughts. &quot;Ye'r thinkin' 'bout me. How I'm
      goin' t'get on with this handicap an' no job. Yer're wundrin' if yer c'n
      find me work here.&quot; He went on to detail all my thoughts and misgivings
      as to his welfare almost exactly as I had thought them. I must have looked
      shocked because he said not to worry and he had something to tell me.   
&quot;Joshua,&quot; he said, &quot;I know ya 'ave spent a lot of
      time an' trouble over me an' a good deal of money too and yet yer've ne'er
      mentioned any sorta payments. Well now, I wanna pay ya by sellin' ya this
      'ere ring.&quot; He showed me what I now call the Ring of Truth on his
      finger. It didn't look much of anything. &quot;I'll sell yer it for a 'undred
      guineas. It's worth much more than that.&quot;   
&quot;I don't think I would pay a shilling for it,&quot; I chided
      him.   
&quot;That's cuz you dinnat know aboot it. Ye're thinkin' the beating
      'as affected me 'ead.&quot; I was thinking that. &quot;How d' ya think
      I knows?&quot;    
I felt compelled to answer, &quot;You guessed?&quot;   
&quot;Na, I knew. I've bin able to read yer thoughts ever since
      ya took me in. That's how I knew yer were doin'g everythin' you cud for
      me. It's this ring. With it I c'n listen t'yer head and I c'n make ya answer
      any of my questions and ya 'ave to answer truthfully. Here, try it on.&quot; I
      was astounded. I turned to one of the maids at the bar some distance away
      and could hear her mind commenting on what Jock and I were talking about.   
&quot;How did you get this?&quot; I asked and I now know he had
      to answer although I hadn't really taken that part of the ring's property
      in at the time.    
&quot;When I was in Shanghai last. As usual I'd supped full of
      the local liquor an't on t'way back to the ship I cum across an old chinky
      being knocked about by a couple of young sailors frum another ship. I goes
      in and after a bit o' a punch up, they goes away but not before they 'ad
      put a knife in the chink's guts. He was bleeding something terrible but
      I sat 'im up an' spoke to 'im. 'e must 'ave known 'e wuz dyin'. He muttered
      somethin' in 'is own lingo and give me the ring. It took me a whiles t'
      figure oot what it did. As luck would 'av it, it wuz also what caused this
      beatin' o' me. I'd 'ad too many tankards and wuz goin' back to my ship
      when these Welsh laddies cum out of the Mary Rose. They saw me hardly able
      to stand and called out. Nothing serious but then I 'eard what they were
      saying in their minds and confused it with what wuz coming out of their
      mouths an' I start fighting 'em. But there wuz three of 'em an' I was almost
      incapable an' once they got started they didna know when to stop. Like
      me they'd had a few.&quot;   
&quot;Why do you want to give the ring away Jock?&quot; I asked.   
&quot;Cuz I cud easily get beat up agin for same thing. Twas no
      the first time either even tho' it twas the worst. Too much ale and too
      quick wi' me temper. Yer need to control both if yer wearing the ring.
      It can 'elp a lot in business tho'.&quot;   
After more discussion I went and got the hundred guineas and that's
      how I came by the ring. I've followed the advice in the story for most
      of my life and have been very successful with the use of the ring. Remember
      dear reader, drink wisely and control your temper.   
That's as far as my scanning and typing of the book has gone.  
Derek.  
Ring of Truth Blog 3   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 3. A date with Sarah   
14th July 2004  
&quot;Morning Jean,&quot; I called out as I entered yesterday.  
&quot;Good morning, Derek. Thank you for coming again. You really were such
  a help yesterday. I washed your lab coat but I'm afraid it hasn't come out
  too clean.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;I wonder if he expects to fuck me
  again when we finish as payment? I feel so guilty at having seduced him like
  that? What would Mirium think if she found out?&quot;&gt;&gt;   
&quot;Thanks Jean. It's only an old one that I won't use in the lab any more.&quot; I
  donned the coat and seeing Jean's troubled face and reading her thoughts I
  went on, &quot;Jean? You look worried. If it's over what we did yesterday,
  don't be. I enjoyed what we did and I think you did too. I doubt if either
  of us will blab about it. It's something that happened, something we'll both
  remember but it is not going to be the start of a permanent relationship. If
  it happens again, fine; if not we still have the memories. Don't let it spoil
  or colour our being together here and don't worry, I'm not going rape you in
  one of the old bedrooms.&quot;  
&quot;Thanks Derek. I did feel so guilty afterwards.&quot;  
&quot;Don't be. Now let's finish clearing these rooms.&quot; I know both
  of us kept thinking of what happened and both wondered if it would occur again
  but in the event mother stymied that. She invited both of us to dinner.  
I managed to keep my head during the morning and forced myself not to ask
  any questions. We didn't find any more treasures, only a few Victorian copper
  coins, two of them very thick pennies and a shop token from under the living
  room carpet.  
&quot;I'll see if the baker's will take them,&quot; I laughed. It was nearly
  lunchtime and I volunteered to go while Jean finished stripping the paper from
  a wall.  
There was a short queue and while I waited I recognised Sarah Larkins as
  one of the two serving. She'd been in my class at high school but left at sixteen
  to go to work. Since I'd seen her last she'd filled out considerably. At school
  she was fairly plain and what the teacher's would say, 'a good B stream pupil'
  intelligent but not in an academic way. Her companion at the counter looked
  a few years older but I did not recall seeing her before. I managed get Sarah
  to serve me.  
&quot;Good morning Dr. Meeks, what can I get you?&quot;  
&quot;Oh you are formal this morning Sarah Larkins. Is it still Larkins?&quot; Immediately
  I regretted my lapse at asking a question.  
For a moment she looked bewildered and I could hear a jumble of thoughts. &quot;Yes,
  it is again now. I was married for four years to Terry Machin but that ended
  and I now use my maiden name again.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;He's grown
  to be a good looking man. Pity I didn't go to university.&quot;&gt;&gt;   &quot;So
  what can I get you this morning? Jean told me yesterday you were helping her.&quot; I
  gave my order and while I waited for her to fill the sandwiches, listened in
  to her thoughts. Mostly they were about me. &lt;&lt;&quot;He used
  to be such a gawky kid, with his head always in a book. Not very practical.
  I always beat him in woodwork class. Surprised that Jean wanted him to help.
  I suppose it is only labouring work.&quot;&gt;&gt;    
&quot;You fancy him?&quot; Maggie her companion whispered just loud enough
  for me to hear. &quot;If not perhaps there's a chance for me!&quot;  
&quot;You've got a husband!&quot; Sarah hissed.  &lt;&lt;&quot;Yes,
      I guess I do fancy him a bit but I doubt if he'll even look at a dunderhead
      like me.&quot;&gt;&gt;  It was then that I decided to make a
      play for Sarah. &quot;Two pounds thirty-six please Derek.&quot; She gave
      me a lovely smile as she handed me the bag. I handed her the two old copper
      pennies and three farthings. For a second or two her mind didn't register
      as she automatically closed her fingers over the coins, then opened them
      again. &quot;What's this then?&quot; she laughed and looked at them more
      closely, &quot;They weigh enough but I don't think there is much value
      here.&quot;  
&quot;I've a shop token as well if that will help.&quot;  
&quot;You one of those crazy forgetful professors now? So much science in
  your brain you don't know what day of the week it is or the coins we use?&quot;  
I laughed too and handed her a five pound note. &quot;Just trying to see
  if you were awake.&quot;  
&quot;Don't get much chance to sleep here. There's already a line forming
  so be off with you and let me get to serving them.&quot; She grinned widely
  as she said it.  
&quot;Only if you agree to come to the pictures with me tonight.&quot; I'd
  been racking my brain to think of a way to ask her out without asking a question.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;He's asking me out! Hell I never expected that. He
      must have learned to chat up the girls in the university. Maybe I'll go
      just for the hell of it. Mustn't sound too eager, not in front of Maggie.&quot;&gt;&gt;   &quot;Perhaps,&quot; she
      answered slowly, &quot;I'll pop in at Miss Read's when I get off at three
      and see if Jean thinks you really are a mad professor. No telling what
      you boffins might get up to with a poor innocent young lady.&quot;  
&quot;You innocent?&quot; Maggie chipped in, &quot;Not after being married
  to Terry for four years you're not.&quot;  
&quot;I was about to send a search party out for you,&quot; Jean joked when
  I returned, &quot;Thought you had forgotten this poor starving lady working
  her guts out here.&quot;  
&quot;Sarah wouldn't take the old coins.&quot;  
&quot;I hope you didn't give her a hard time. She seems a nice girl. Her
  husband was a bit of a bastard though. According to all the stories he still
  kept up with his old girlfriends even after he and Sarah were married and knocked
  her about a bit. They say he brought several of them home and did it with them
  while Sarah was in the house. In the end he went off with one of them that
  had a bit of money.&quot; Jean's thoughts gave a few more graphic descriptions
  of the relationship.  
&quot;I may have a date with her tonight Jean. Have asked her to go to the
  pictures and she's going to come by on her way home and let me know.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sure you'll have a nice time but don't expect too much to come
  of it. Once bitten&hellip;well you know what they say.&quot;  
For the next couple of hours we worked together. I'd finished clearing the
  trash from the rooms and started helping her strip the tatty wallpaper. I decided
  to test myself by keeping the ring on in her company to see if I could control
  my reactions. For the most part I did pretty well and in fact it was fairly
  easy. Jean's thoughts were mainly concerned with what she was doing but her
  mind wandered a little to our escapade yesterday. &lt;&lt;&quot;If
  he gets a date I doubt if he will want to have me beforehand just in case she
  gives out to him. Still last night was really good. Doubt if Sarah will find
  out this quickly. Probably only be a one night stand until he goes back to
  Uni. He must have fucked a lot of girls before in order to be able to please
  me like he did.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
Fortunately I resisted the urge to tell her that I'd only had about four
  girls in the seven years I was there.  
Sarah did come in at a little after three and we went through to the back
  yard to sit on a wall in the sun. &quot;Well, well Doctor Meeks. You look more
  like a coal-miner than a professional man,&quot; she teased. My lab coat was
  once again black and so apparently was my face. Her thoughts had me crawling
  in a dark tunnel wielding a pickaxe. I couldn't help laughing almost hysterically. &quot;I
  didn't think it was that much of a joke,&quot; she commented but my laughter
  was infectious and she too was chuckling loudly. When we calmed down she went
  on, &quot;Derek I know you asked me to go to the pictures with you but there
  is only a war film on at the Odeon and I'm not too keen on them, so I wandered
  if we could go out for a meal or something.&quot;  
&quot;That will be fine with me Sarah as long as you are not expecting to
  go to Flixingham Country Club. I may have got my doctorate but I've had to
  live hand to mouth for the last seven years to get it. Until I actually start
  work&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;You have to pay with old coins,&quot; Sarah interrupted. &quot;What
  about going to The Swan? It's fairly quiet and the meals are reasonable and
  I'll pay my share.&quot; I could see she was worried about my finances.  
&quot;No, no Sarah, I invited you out and I may be able to find a few more
  old coins if I lift the floorboards. The Swan sounds fine. I have a little
  money to spend as long as my car keeps going.&quot;  
&quot;Jean, Derek?&quot; Mother's shrill voice came through the open door.  
&quot;O' Lor. What does she want?&quot; I muttered and then realised I shouldn't
  have asked the question. Fortunately mother was out of earshot. Sarah came
  in the house with me.  
&quot;Are there you are. Good afternoon Sarah. My goodness Derek, what a
  mess you're in. And you Jean are just as bad.&quot; Mother rambled on about
  the state of the place without giving anyone a chance to answer and then said, &quot;I'm
  cooking a special meal for you both so try and get cleaned up by six o'clock.&quot;  
&quot;Mother, I have already arranged to take Sarah for a meal at The Swan
  this evening.&quot;  
&quot;Well you'll just have to do that another day.&quot;  &lt;&lt;&quot;Does
      he think that shop girl is more important than I am? He can only have known
      her a few minutes. Probably just wants a girl he can get into her knickers.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
Her thoughts irked me. Why should I allow myself to be bossed about by my
  mother? I'd been home five days already and this would be the first time she'd
  been home to cook a meal for me &ndash; or my dad for that matter although
  he mostly had his main meal in the works canteen.  
&quot;No mum, tonight for once I am going out.&quot; I tried to sound firm.  
&quot;So I've gone to all the trouble, spent half the day shopping and cooking
  and now you say I shouldn't have bothered? All for the sake of a girl you met
  only a few minutes ago. I can't believe this of you Derek. Is that what you
  learned at university?&quot;  
Sarah finally managed to get a word in. &quot;It alright Mrs. Meeks, we can
  go out another night. I didn't intend to cause any trouble.&quot;  
&quot;It's not you that's causing the trouble Sarah,&quot; I put in, &quot;Had
  mother told me this morning I would have known but she springs this out of
  the blue and expects everyone to conform to her plans. No, we'll go for a meal
  like we planned.&quot; I could hear from Sarah's thoughts that she was upset
  about it. Fortunately Jean stepped in.  
&quot;Miriam, your son has worked his arse off for months and as soon as
  he comes home you make him come and work his arse off again with me. He's not
  a little boy now and can make up his own mind. Now, I've no doubt the food
  you've made will be more than enough for five or six if Jenny is home. Why
  not invite Sarah along and then they can go out for a drink at The Swan or
  wherever afterwards?&quot;  
&lt;&lt;&quot;I don't really want that shop girl with my Derek
      but I suppose it will just be a short term thing.&quot;&gt;&gt;  I
      felt my anger rise again but remembered to control it. Mother went on, &quot;Perhaps
      you're right Jean. Would you like to come to dinner with us Sarah?&quot;  
&quot;Please say yes,&quot; I added mainly for rather selfish reasons. Having
  Sarah alongside me would lighten the conversation a great deal and spare me
  mother's ideas of what I should do with my life.  
&quot;I don't know Derek, it seems that I have caused enough trouble already.
  Your mother doesn't really want me to be with you, she's made that quite clear.
  I don't want to come between you and your family.&quot; Sarah was very unhappy
  at this turn of events and so was I. &quot;I'll go home and won't spoil your
  meal.&quot;  
All my pleading didn't change her mind. Jean's thoughts came into my head. &lt;&lt;&quot;Miriam
      deserves to have her arse kicked. The boy has been on cloud nine all day
      and now she ruins it.&gt;&gt;&quot;  I was beginning to get
      used to the language some women used in their thoughts. &quot;Sorry Miriam,
      I have other plans for tonight. Pity you didn't give me a little more warning.&quot;  
Mother's thoughts didn't bear repeating but all she said was, &quot;Oh well,
  it will just be family then.&quot; With that she walked out.  
&quot;What are you going to do Derek?&quot; Jean asked. I could tell she
  was most concerned.  
&quot;Probably go out and get sloshed.&quot; I said vehemently, &quot;No
  I guess I won't do that. The first girl I was going out with for months and
  mother spoils it.&quot;  
&lt;&lt;&quot;If I were Derek I think I would go home and change
      and then drive to Sarah's and take her to The Swan. She might need some
      persuading but he seems quite good at that now.&quot;&gt;&gt;  &quot;Perhaps
      I'll give mum's dinner party a miss too. I won't be in the mood and might
      say some things I shouldn't.&quot; I put Jean's thoughts into different
      words.  
For a moment I thought Jean must be able to read my thoughts too because
  she went to her purse and pulled out two twenty-pound notes and offered them
  to me. &quot;Take her out Derek. I shall be offended if you don't take these.
  It is small enough payment for all you have done here.&quot; I tried to protest
  but could tell she really would be offended. For the hour or so left of the
  afternoon, I took myself into one on the bedrooms and angrily stripped off
  the wallpaper. Jean wisely left me alone until it was nearly time to pack up. &quot;Derek,&quot; she
  said quietly, &quot;I'm going to make some tea. Drink it and calm down, then
  decide what you are going to do. Remember your mother thought she was doing
  something good although it didn't work out that way.&quot;  
Ripping off the wallpaper and Jean's words had calmed me considerably but
  I was determined that I wasn't going to let mother make me give up Sarah. I'd
  only known her a few hours but she'd already made a deep impression on me.
  At home I went straight into the bathroom and cleaned up and then dressed in
  my best casual clothes, grabbed my car keys and left without a word. Mother
  called as I passed through the kitchen, &quot;You're not going out&hellip;You're
  not going to&hellip;&quot; By then I had shut the door and was on my way.  
Jean told me where Sarah lived and I found the place easily enough. It was
  a second floor flat in rather a run down area. Before ringing the bell I put
  the ring to the door. Sarah was crying and complaining about my mother. &lt;&lt;&quot;Perhaps
  he is too good for me. I was never much good at school but he seemed to enjoy
  being with me the short time we had and I thought he was friendly and nice
  and we could laugh together. Pity he didn't tell the bitch to fuck off. Don't
  suppose I'll see him again unless he wants more sandwiches&hellip;&quot;&gt;&gt;  Ding-dong,
  ding-dong. &lt;&lt;&quot;Who's that I wonder, just as I was going
  to make something to eat.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
I heard her footsteps coming to the door so I stood in front of the peephole
  half expecting to be welcomed with open arms. There was a rattle as the chain
  was slid on the door and it only opened a few inches. &quot;Go away Derek,
  I'm not good enough for you so we might as well end it before we start.&quot;  
&quot;Sarah please, it is not a matter of whether or not either of us are
  good enough for each other or my mother for that matter. What does matter is
  that we like each other and get along and we won't know that if we don't spend
  some time with each other. Let me in please so we can at least talk about it.&quot; It
  took several more minutes of persuasion before she would let me in.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;My he does look smart without his dirty clothes on.
      Wouldn't mind a hug.&quot;&gt;&gt;  I followed her through into
      the kitchen. &quot;I bet your mother didn't send you, or did she?&quot;  
Instead of answering I took her in my arms and held her close and then kissed
  her forehead.  &lt;&lt;&quot;Oooh, this is not what I expected from
  Mr. University. Wonder if he'll kiss me properly?&quot;&gt;&gt;   
I didn't but I took her hand and let her into the lounge and sat alongside
  her on the settee. &quot;Sarah, I have no wish to be like mother and order
  you to have dinner with me but Jean found a couple of old notes to go with
  the coins so we could have a reasonable meal at The Swan without having to
  do the washing-up. You don't have to say yes. You can stay here and eat alone
  and I can go to McDonalds and get a burger. I'm not going to force you but
  I will be very pleased if you would say yes.&quot;  
&quot;What about your mother's celebration dinner? What did you tell her?&quot;  
&quot;Nothing. I went in and cleaned up and came here. It will have to be
  a dinner party for three. Jean decided not to go.&quot; I could hear that she
  was wavering so I put my arm around her again and this time I did kiss her
  properly.&quot;  
&quot;You are pretty persuasive when you want to be Dr. Meeks.&quot; Her
  smile from the morning returned. &quot;I'll go and get changed.&quot;  
Before she left my mobile rang. Text message from Jenny. 'Wot U bin ^ to
  naughty boy? Ma furious. Phone me.' Sarah saw the message and grinned. &quot;Naughty
  boy. Upsetting the family.&quot;  
&quot;Jenny won't be upset. She's probably laughing her head off.&quot;  
I phoned her mobile and explained the situation. As I expected she thought
  it hilarious. &quot;When you left this morning and I said, 'don't do anything
  I wouldn't do', I meant it. Guess I would have done the same. It's going to
  be a dinner party for two now. I'm at Ralph's. It won't be pleasant at home
  for a while. Hope Sarah is worth it.&quot; I turned the phone off in case mother
  decided to spoil the evening with another lecture.  
The evening with Sarah was worth it. We had a really enjoyable time and laughed
  and joked with each other as if we had known each other for years. It was only
  as we neared her flat that she became very quiet. &lt;&lt;&quot;I
  wonder if he expects to have sex with me after such a nice meal and being such
  good company. I think I would have let him if I had not just started my period.
  Terry never used to worry, he just fucked my arse but Derek would think me
  a real slut if I suggested that. Perhaps we can just sit and cuddle. Perhaps
  he won't expect me to give myself on a first date. Maybe this will be the only
  date if I don't let him. Perhaps he's had many of the girl students at Uni.
  Perhaps his mother will make so much fuss that he won't see me again&hellip;&quot;&gt;&gt;   
&quot;Cheer up. It's still only nine o'clock we've got time for a game of
  Monopoly or something before I have my bedtime cocoa.&quot; I joked, &quot;That
  is if you will let me in to your home.&quot;  
&quot;Oh I don't know about that. Never know what you mad scientists will
  get up to.&quot; Her smile returned.  
&quot;Sarah,&quot; I spoke seriously, &quot;I won't do anything you don't
  want to do. I've had a lovely time and if we just sit and talk some more that
  will be fine. If you want to go further, that will be fine too but don't think
  you have to because I bought you a meal &ndash; or rather Jean did!&quot; In
  the end she made tea because there was no cocoa. While it was brewing, I had
  a quick tour of the flat. It was small, one bedroom, lounge, kitchen and bathroom.
  It was all quite clean but needing some decorating. I noticed the sewing machine
  in the lounge had a wedding dress on it. Another was over a nearby chair.  
&quot;It's Glenda Mayhew's,&quot; she informed me, &quot;It came from a friend
  of hers and I'm altering it to fit. The other is one I made from scratch. I
  get quite a few sewing jobs now which helps to pay the bills. The shop only
  pays minimum wages but as I get off at three, I do have a little time to do
  things like this and the flat doesn't take much work to keep it reasonably
  clean.&quot;  
For a while we sat and cuddled and kissed. I started feeling her breasts
  and she became a little aroused at that and I felt her hand rubbing at my prick. &lt;&lt;&quot;That
  feels quite large. I wonder if I dare get it out and have a look? Sod the period.
  I would've liked to have taken him to bed. Been so long since I've had a man.
  Why do I always feel horny when I can't fuck?&quot;&gt;&gt;  For
  a short while I wracked my brains as to how I could let her know I desired
  her without violating her bleeding vagina.  
Placing my hand on top of the one that was rubbing my prick, I said in a
  baby voice, &quot;I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours. Would you do
  that?&quot; I could have kicked myself for asking the question and was immediately
  apprehensive as to how she would answer.  
For a few moments her face had that same tense look that I had seen when
  I asked Jean a question but she answered. &quot;Yes, but you won't want to
  see me at this time in my monthly cycle.&quot;  
&quot;Okay, how about I get to see your titties instead?&quot; Another question
  but one I thought I could risk.  
&quot;Okay. You are a naughty boy, just like your sister said,&quot; Sarah
  grinned but started to unbutton her blouse. Quickly she discarded it and her
  bra.  
&quot;Lovely, I've just got to suckle them.&quot; I fastened my lips around
  a nipple and sucked while gently massaging the fullness of her orbs. Once more
  I tuned in to her thoughts and used my hands to rub them in just the ways she
  wanted until it was obvious she was becoming very aroused and started to squirm
  violently under my caresses. Soon she seemed to have a small climax and then
  pushed me away.  
&quot;My turn. Get it out. Show me.&quot; She giggled like a schoolgirl and
  watched closely and I opened up my flies and brought my now hard prick into
  view. &quot;Oooh it's big. I like it. Lie back, I want to kiss and suck it
  like you did me.&quot; Apart from yesterday in the shower with Jean, only once
  before had I managed to get a girl to suck me but Sarah was far more of an
  expert. Her mouth sucked me in and I knew it wouldn't be long before I exploded.
  From her thoughts I knew Terry had made her do it to him many times and even
  to some of his friends.  
&quot;I'm coming Sarah,&quot; I whispered. She just grinned and carried on.
  My spunk went into her mouth and down her throat. Only when I started to soften
  did she let up.  
&quot;You don't think I'm a slut for doing that?&quot; she asked apprehensively.  
&quot;It was wonderful. Unexpected but wonderful. Thanks.&quot; I kissed
  her and we snogged for a while longer until I decided it was time I ought to
  leave. The bakers opened at eight in the morning and Sarah had to get there
  half an hour before that to set things out so she would need to get some sleep.  
The lights were still on in the kitchen so, fully expecting another tirade
  from mother; it was with some trepidation that I entered the house. However,
  it seemed she was going to use my earlier tactics and not say a word to me.
  I went straight to my room but it was close to midnight before I fell asleep.
  My mind kept reliving the events of the day and wondering how my relationship
  with Sarah might develop and how I could smooth things over with mother.  
End of Blog 3  
Ring of Truth   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF NC. Punishment  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 4. Millicent   
July 15th 2004  
Again I woke early and, after a quick trip the loo, started scanning the
  old book again. I wondered if the peculiar whine of the scanner would disturb
  Jenny. It sounded loudly in the quietness of my room but when I placed the
  ring against the wall to listen to her thoughts, she remained asleep and I
  could not hear anything. Soon I had another eight double page spreads ready
  to read and type.  
Millie   
From the beginning the ring proved its worth. Sales of ale at the
      inn didn't really keep me and much of my income was from the maids I kept
      to service the sailors and from business deals I did with various stall
      holders at the market and the captains who brought in goods on the sly.
      What surprised me was how many people I thought were honest dealers were
      rogues at heart. Perhaps I was too. Any faults in an item were almost always
      concealed and never mentioned. Caveat emptor. However by reading their
      thoughts I could root out the hidden faults and either take a cut in price
      or refuse to buy. Likewise, if I was selling, I could often tell just how
      much a man would be prepared to pay whatever his bargaining words said.
      I guessed that in only a week or two I'd more than paid for the ring.   
The ring came in useful when a young girl came and asked for a
      job at the inn. &quot;Please sit at the table for a short while until I
      finish what I'm doing,&quot; I said and pottered behind the bar all the
      while listening to her thoughts. She was a runaway from an abusive family
      although she didn't go into details at that time. However I dragged it
      out of her when we talked. I tried to do this without asking too many direct
      questions. People forced to answer me in a way they wouldn't normally expect
      to answer, albeit they would tell the truth, always seemed a bit suspicious
      of me afterwards. One of my maids actually thought I did it with my eyes
      like a mesmerist and I didn't enlighten her or the others she told but
      ever since when asking a direct question I have looked directly into the
      person's eyes so many now believe I have that power.   
&quot;I'm Joshua,&quot; I greeted her and held out my hand.   
&quot;Fanny Bishop,&quot;   
&quot;So Fanny Bishop, you think you would like to work here.&quot;   
&quot;Yes, sir. I am sure I can do a good job without too much
      training in your ways.&quot; She sounded quite confident.   
&quot;You realise that the work involves more than serving a few
      drinks and cleaning up.&quot;   
&quot;Yes sir. I'm experienced with men sir.&quot;   
&quot;You look very young to be experienced with many men Fanny.&quot;    
&quot;I'm fifteen sir.&quot; I knew that was a lie.   
&quot;You don't look it.&quot; I decided to risk a direct question. &quot;How
      old are you really?&quot; I held her eyes with mine. The look came on her
      face.   
&quot;Thirteen and a half sir,&quot; she said sheepishly.   
&quot;And at that young age, you have experience of men using your
      body.&quot; I tried to make the question sound like a statement.   
&quot;Yes sir. My father and four older brothers. They also sold
      me out to other men and beat me so that's why I left home. Any money I
      got went straight into father's pocket. I got nothing.&quot; I pressed
      her gently for further details. &quot;It started soon after mother had
      too much to drink and fell into the river and never got out. That was a
      couple of years ago sir. I just had to do the cooking and stuff at first
      and then one night soon after we put ma into the earth, dad came into my
      small box room and carried me to his bed. When I screamed he hit me. By
      then all the boys were awake and came out to see what was going on and
      they watched while dad stripped my nightie off and took me. I cried and
      kicked but he was a docker and far too strong for me. He had me twice more
      before he left for work. Next day all my brothers decided they would have
      me too and so it's been going on like that for two years. Six months ago
      I was taken to a man who lived above a shop in Market Street and made to
      serve him. When dad collected me he was paid. When I resisted I was slapped
      or hit with a belt. Yesterday when I was taken to an ugly old man, while
      he had his trousers around his ankles, I ran off. Please sir, don't send
      me away. I know I'm not fourteen yet so am not old enough to really be
      one of your maids but no one will know.&quot;   
I thought for a little while and then said, &quot;Fanny, I am not
      going to run foul of the local sheriff's men by employing you as a maid
      and you will not be servicing any sailors or men until you are fourteen.
      That's another five months.&quot; I could see that surprised her, as she
      had not openly mentioned her birthday date. &quot;But I will let you work
      in the kitchen and do cleaning in the bar and stuff. You won't get paid
      as much but you will get your food and a place to sleep and you'll learn
      what goes on from the other maids. I will also wish to sample your charms
      before letting you service my clients.&quot; She seemed pleased enough
      with this and gave me a kiss and when I took her to my bed she was grateful
      for my having employed her and was very responsive to my desires. I wish
      I'd had the ring when I employed Millicent Cavendish but she came to the
      inn a week or so before Jock gave it to me. Fortunately, and in a great
      part it was due to my possession of the ring, it worked out well in the
      end.    
Millie was a vivacious, dark haired girl of seventeen. She quickly
      became very popular with the sailors and I found I could charge a premium
      for her services. However, several times I had suspicions that she took
      more than I received payment for. Her thoughts didn't reveal much because
      her mind was usually on other things. My suspicions were confirmed about
      two months after she arrived.   
Captain Jenkins of the collier 'Nancy' came in while I was at breakfast.
      The captain, a wiry and rather secretive man, visited the inn regularly
      when in London, but he hadn't been nigh for several months until the previous
      evening. Apparently he'd had a contract to take coal to Dover instead of
      London. Oddly to my mind, Captain Jenkins always seemed to have money to
      spend and at each visit would take a maid for the whole night. This at
      a time when colliers didn't make much money so I guessed he had a more
      lucrative sideline that I didn't know of. However in the inn he spent his
      money fairly freely.   
&quot;Morning Capt'n,&quot; I greeted him, &quot;I thought you
      were sailing on the early morning tide.&quot;   
&quot;Aye we should have but the bloody old steam tugboat burst
      a pipe so we couldn't get a tow down river and with the wind like it is,
      there is no way we could sail out of the dock.&quot; I could tell this
      wasn't the reason for his early morning visit and that he was troubled
      and wasn't sure how to broach the subject. His thoughts said,&lt;&lt;&quot;How
      can I tell him that I think that Millie girl is a thief? Especially with
      his two henchmen over there.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
&quot;Is there something wrong Capt'n?&quot; I asked a direct question
      knowing he would have to give me an honest answer.   
&quot;Well yes there is Joshua. We've known each other for many
      years now and the men and me have always had fair dealings with you. I
      know you do your best to keep your girls under control and ensure they
      give us good and honest service.&quot; He eyed Jack and Tiny sitting and
      watching us. &quot;Well it's like this. I know I'd had a few last night
      but I wasn't dead drunk or anything. Hell I even walked the gangplank on
      to the Nancy without help. As you know I took the new girl Millie and spent
      most of the night with her but had to leave about midnight so as to be
      ready for this morning's tide. I got up about four and went to look at
      my watch and discovered it was missing. You know the gold watch as I showed
      it to you early in the evening. Well I know I could have lost it on the
      way to the ship but I doubt it so I suspect that minx Millie may have taken
      it thinking I would be away by daybreak. To either prove she stole it or
      not, what I'd like you to do is to check over her stuff before she has
      time to get it to the market.&quot;   
&quot;Capt'n I'll do just that and I've a feeling you may be right
      about that wench. I think she may have done this sort of thing a couple
      of times but nothing I could lay my finger on especially as the sailors
      had left and I only had the hearsay remarks of others. We'll sort this
      out straightaway.&quot; I called to Tiny. &quot;Go to Millie's room and
      bring her here. Just go and grab her out of her bed and carry her down.
      Don't let her do anything or go anywhere. Understand?&quot;   
Tiny, so called because of his huge size, grinned, &quot;I sure
      do Josh. Just burst in and bring her down even if she ain't got clothes
      on.&quot; I nodded.    
A few moments later there was a commotion on the stairs and Millie
      was brought into the bar room, kicking, screaming and swearing but it stopped
      and she turned pale when she saw Captain Jenkins. &lt;&lt;&quot;He should
      have gone! I bet he's complained to Joshua about the fuckin' watch. Still
      they may not find it under the bottom drawer. I'll tell them he must have
      lost it.&quot;&gt;&gt; However for all her thoughts the look on her face
      was one of guilt and even the captain could see that.   
&quot;Millicent Cavendish,&quot; I started formally, &quot;From
      the look on your face I can tell you know why you've been brought here.&quot; The
      girl struggled and broke free for a few moments but Jack stopped her before
      she had gone a couple of paces. &quot;Sit her in a chair and hold her there,&quot; I
      ordered my two men. They did so and I could tell they were enjoying the
      sight of Millie's breasts and they heaved inside her short night-shirt.   
When she was settled but still looking a little defiant I decided
      to try direct questions. &quot;Millicent, I believe you stole the captain's
      gold watch last night.&quot; She turned her head. &lt;&lt;&quot;I mustn't
      look into his eyes or he will make me answer truthfully,&quot;&gt;&gt; her
      thoughts told me. &quot;Look at me Millie. Tiny hold her head so that she
      does.&quot; I ordered and stared direct at her. She squirmed in the chair
      but couldn't avoid looking at me. &quot;Did you steal Captain Jenkins'
      watch?&quot;   
&quot;Yes sir. I'm sorry sir I know I should've done it. It was
      bright and shiny and I was tempted.&quot;   
&quot;And where is it now Millie?&quot;   
&quot;Under the bottom drawer of my tallboy sir. What are you going
      to do about it sir? You going to turn me over to the polies?&quot;   
&quot;I will discus what is to be done with you with Capt'n Jenkins.
      It was his watch that you stole.&quot; Turning to Fanny who was behind
      the bar pouring a tankard for a sailor from the Nancy, I instructed her
      to look for the watch and then asked my two men to take Millie to the far
      corner and hold her there. She started protesting again when Tiny just
      picked her up with one hand under her crotch and carried her out of our
      way. By now the commotion had roused the other maids and they came into
      the bar in various stages of undress to see what was going on. Shortly
      Fanny brought the watch to us. &quot;Thank you Fanny, give it to the captain.&quot; He
      checked it and it was still working.   
&quot;I'm reluctant to send for the police Capt'n because I don't
      want them nosing around here and it may be inconvenient for you if they
      want you to accuse her and to take your evidence. That could take all day
      and you'll miss the next tide or two at least,&quot; I pointed out.   
&quot;She's got to be punished Joshua otherwise she'll do it again
      and again and others might not be so lucky. What do you suggest? It seems
      you have something in mind.&quot; I whispered my suggestion to him and
      he agreed with a grin.   
I've never thought of myself as a particularly cruel man, not like
      some of the brothel keepers I knew, but I did have a penchant for seeing
      young ladies having their bottoms chastised. This was especially true if
      I knew I would be able to get my prick into their cunnies while their bums
      were still hot. At one time or another I had chastised all my maids. Usually
      no more than a hand smacking, but I have used the strap and cane although
      that was reserved for most serious offences. Only once did I birch a girl
      and then only because three customers in a row complained of her poor attitude
      to them when they'd bought her services. Normally I gave all the punishments
      in the back room with only a few onlookers; those that were involved in
      the offence or as an example to other maids who might be tempted to do
      the same. The theft of the valuable gold watch and the blackening of my
      reputation were much more serious. I signalled to my men to bring Millie
      to us. Tears were flowing down her cheeks. &lt;&lt;&quot;What are they
      going to do to me? I don't think they will send for the polies or they
      would have done that by now so they'll probably give me a good hiding.
      With what? The cane? The birch? I'm sure they've something schemed up by
      the way they were huddled together.&quot;&gt;&gt; Thus were the musings
      in her mind as the men brought her over. She was very afraid we were going
      to seriously hurt her and she wasn't wrong but I didn't intend to mar you
      body for future customers.   
&quot;Lock the doors and shutter the windows,&quot; I ordered those
      who were already in the room. Many of them were sailors off the Nancy who
      had come along to see their captain got a fair hearing. Millie's wailing
      got louder. She understood that whatever punishment she would get would
      be done in front of everyone and she rightly guessed it would be done with
      some severity. She started to plead with us but we ignored her.   
&quot;Millicent Cavendish you stole a very valuable gold watch
      from my good friend the Captain of the Nancy. I will not tolerate this
      kind of behaviour from any of my servants. Not only is stealing a crime
      in itself but it is also very bad for my business. Sailors come here because
      they expect to have a little fun, fun for which they have paid, and they
      do not expect to be robbed while they are having it by some conniving young
      whore.&quot;   
&quot;I won't do it again sir, not ever,&quot; Millie interrupted.   
&quot;No you won't Millie, not when you remember the punishment
      you are to receive,&quot; I went on. &quot;Capt'n Jenkins and I have agreed
      on two choices you can take. There were three but we agreed not to involve
      the police, the polies as you call them. You would be sure to be convicted,
      birched and sent to prison for a long while or shipped off to the prison
      colony in Australia. You've probably heard from the sailors who do that
      trip what it is like for the women on board those ships. We decided against
      that mainly because of the inconvenience to the captain and to my business.&quot; &lt;&lt;Get
      on with it you pompous prick. Tell me the worst. Stop dragging it out.&quot;&gt;&gt; Actually
      I was enjoying doing just that and I had the attention of the customers
      and the maids I employed. It would be a good lesson for them too.   
&quot;As I said there are two choices and you can take either one.
      The first is that I hand you over to Capt'n Jenkins and you will sail with
      him until such time the Nancy berths in London again. He will punish you
      severely once the ship is under way and out of sight of others and where
      only the sea birds will hear your screams. Afterwards you will have to
      service him and the crew for the duration of your time on board. I'll let
      the captain tell you of the sort of punishment you can expect.&quot;   
&quot;Stealing between crew members is always considered a dastardly
      crime and is always punished by a flogging. We would treat you in a similar
      fashion. You would be strung up naked and flogged front and back with the
      rope's end till you were well striped from neck to knees. Back, arse, tits,
      belly and cunt. Afterwards you would be bound over the hatch and anyone
      who wanted would fuck you in any of your holes. I know that may seem cruel
      but had it not been for the steam tug not working I would have lost a watch
      that I cherished dearly and not just for its value.&quot;    
I knew the captain really didn't want the woman on his ship. She
      could cause a lot of friction and anger amongst the crew so he deliberately
      painted the bleakest picture of what he would do to her. &lt;&lt;&quot;Oh
      my God, I would never survive that and I hate the sea. I'd be seasick and
      still be fucked by twenty or so sailors. He can't mean that to be a real
      choice.&quot;&gt;&gt; &quot;The other option is for you to be punished
      here. You will be whipped like the sailors would and then the captain will
      have you and I will afterwards. It will be done in this room with those
      who are here now watching. Afterwards you may continue to live and work
      here provided there is not a repetition of any stealing from clients. No
      stealing at all, not even a copper coin. One other thing, whenever Capt'n
      Jenkins is in port you will service him for the whole night not only without
      charge but you will pay me the fee I would normally get from him.   
For a few moments I thought Millie was going to faint. Her thoughts,
      which had been in a whirlwind of turmoil, suddenly went blank. My two men
      held her until she recovered. &quot;Make your choice now Millie.&quot;    
&quot;I can't. Both are too horrible. I would never survive,&quot; she
      wailed.    
&quot;Then we will make it for you. The theft took place in this
      establishment so the punishment will be done here. Remove her night-dress
      Tiny.&quot; Jack held her while Tiny took off the garment. She struggled
      a bit and tried to hide her breasts but the men quickly forced her arms
      behind her back. I bade one of the sailors remove the big oil lamp from
      the hook in the ceiling beam and another deftly tied a rope around her
      wrists and drew them up to the hook. The ceilings in the old inn weren't
      very high so Millie's hands almost touched the hook. She started screaming
      again and I was forced to gag her so as not to attract outside attention
      but her struggles had more or less ceased. In the flickering light of the
      lamps we'd had to light after closing the shutters, her body looked very
      pale but it wouldn't be that way for long.   
&quot;Gentlemen,&quot; I did a slight bow to the sailors who were
      watching. I think they all had erections and one or two had them exposed
      and were rubbing them. &quot;On board his ship, your captain proposed to
      use a rope's end to flay this wicked wench. From what I understand of it,
      the strands at the end of the rope are unwound for a couple of feet to
      give three tails to the rope. Some ships have nicely knotted and decorated
      ones. I don't have one here but I do have a martinet, or at least that
      is what the Frenchman who made it said it was called when he gave it to
      me. Fanny, would you pass the whip to me, it's hanging by the door post
      at the back of the bar.&quot;    
I showed everyone, including Millie, the fine black leather, six-tailed
      whip. Each of the eighteen-inch tails was delicately braided and the handle
      was finely worked with sennet and other knotting. It was a lovely piece
      of craftsmanship, which I'd kept on display for six months without ever
      having used it for its intended purposes. Now seemed a fitting time to
      try it out. &quot;Rickard, the Frenchman, told me it will hurt and mark
      the flesh but unless used with ferocity, should not break the skin,&quot; I
      informed those present.   
&quot;The rope's end is for men,&quot; the captain remarked, &quot;This
      will do fine for the young thief.&quot;    
In our earlier discussion I had agreed he could whip her front
      and I would do the back. I passed him the martinet and he gave it a few
      trial swings. Millie's thoughts indicated her terror and I believed she
      might pass out on us again but in fact, although she wanted to, she remained
      awake for the whole of her punishment. Capt'n Jenkins started on the front
      of her thighs and raised some nasty looking red lines. Had she not been
      gagged I have no doubt there would have been a fearful noise. The martinet
      fell a little higher with each stroke and the captain worked quickly and
      steadily to cover the whole of her front. Millie moved around as much as
      she was able but being tied to the hook she couldn't get away from the
      lash. Capt'n Jenkins was grinning and muttering, &quot;You won't steal
      from me again you little hussy.&quot; I looked around and saw most of the
      men now had their pricks in their hands. One of the maids was helping a
      sailor but otherwise they looked at Millie with some sympathy, probably
      knowing that they could feel the kiss of the martinet at some time in the
      future if they misbehaved.   
When he reached poor Millie's tits, the captain delighted in making
      them move around as he lashed them from the underneath, the top and fully
      across the nipples. I could tell Millie was nearly ready to fall asleep
      on us so I bade him desist after about a dozen strokes to them and we left
      her for a few moments before I took up the martinet. I decided to start
      at the shoulders and work down. I didn't try to hit overly hard but all
      the same the fiery red stripes appeared on what was white flesh. I put
      more power into the strokes when I reached her arse because there was plenty
      of flesh there to take the punishment. Finally, after I had striped the
      back of her thighs I asked my two men to pull her legs apart and swished
      four good upward strokes right on her cunt.   
Some of the sailors cheered and I noticed many of their pricks
      were now soft so I guessed there would be some mess on the floor to clean
      up. We untied Millie from the hook and laid her face down over the end
      of a table. The poor girl writhed and struggled but Jack and Tiny held
      her while the captain rammed his prick up her hole. His arousal must have
      been great because in no time he spent within her and it was my turn. I
      tried to control myself a little more but the earlier sights and the feel
      of her red-hot bum against my loins soon had me spitting my load. I knew
      the girl couldn't take much more abuse at this time so I told Tiny to carry
      her to her room and for two of the maids to attend to her. There were loud
      wails as the gag was removed but soon they quietened to wretched sobs.
      A couple of hours later the captain asked if he could have her one last
      time before he boarded his ship. I agreed and the noise started again.
      This time he took longer but he seemed satisfied and thanked me for the
      trouble I had taken to get his watch returned and to punish the culprit.    
Millie wasn't able to work for several days and the welts took
      a long while to disappear but afterwards I had no further trouble with
      her.'   
   
That passage from the book shocked and horrified me but it at the same time
  it aroused me. Unlike the fictional stories I accessed on the Internet, this
  one was true. It really happened. In some ways I was disgusted with myself
  for having a rigid hard-on from reading of the poor girl's suffering and defilement.
  I wondered what I would be like if I had mastery over a woman like that. Would
  I be as cruel? I didn't think so and yet I found the thought of spanking a
  naked girl and having sex with her afterwards, very erotic. Probably because
  whipping was a common enough punishment in those times, it wasn't considered
  particularly unusual or wrong. As each page came up on the screen I felt the
  need to rub my erection and before I'd finished reading the passage, I needed
  a tissue to capture my emission. By then it was time to dress and get some
  breakfast.  
Ring of Truth   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 5. Mother's revelations   
16th July 2004  
Mother was waiting for me when I arrived in the kitchen that morning. &quot;So
  how did your oh-so-important date with that shop girl go?&quot; She fixed me
  with an icy stare. &quot;The date you had to miss my dinner party for and warned
  Jean and Jenny not to come? And after I had spent all that time preparing a
  celebration meal specially for you.&quot; Even without the aid of the ring,
  I knew this was a gross exaggeration but mother continued for several more
  minutes before giving me a chance to answer.  
&quot;We had a very nice time, thank you,&quot; I replied as calmly as I
  could. &quot;We went to the Swan and then went back to her place for coffee.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;And
  fucked her I suppose. Probably that is all she is good for. Perhaps she just
  wants to trap him into another marriage. If he just wants her for casual sex,
  that's okay I suppose, but I hope it won't go further than that. He's far too
  good for her.&quot;&gt;&gt;   &quot;She's actually very intelligent
  you know mum,&quot; I tried to ignore her thoughts, &quot;And very clever with
  her hands. You ought to see the beautiful wedding dress she is making for someone.&quot;  
&quot;And I suppose she had her hands all over you.&quot;  
&quot;I don't know why you are so against her mother. I've only known her
  for a few hours and yet you seem to think I'm on the point of marrying her.&quot; Mother
  turned away and sat on a stool near the TV. It wasn't on but she stared at
  it as though it was. Her mind went back many years. By now I had become used
  to seeing the pictures conjured up in peoples minds as well as hearing the
  words that were spoken. She seemed to be lying in a hollow in the centre of
  a half built haystack with a boy cuddling her.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;You're sure no one will come to finish this rick
      off, Les Larkins?&quot;&gt;&gt;   My ears pricked up although
      the thoughts came straight into my head. Sarah's family name was Larkins
      and she had reverted to using it after her divorce. I didn't yet know the
      family well enough to know her father's first name but if it was Les&hellip; I
      drank my tea slowly trying not to look at mother in case she suspected
      I was listening in to her thoughts and seeing the images in her mind like
      on a film. &quot;&lt;&lt;&quot;Naw, Miriam. They've all gone
      to the cattle market today to sell off a few heifers. We'll be alright
      here if we don't make too much noise.&quot; They kissed for a while and
      Les's hand found its way inside her blouse. Miriam giggled but didn't attempt
      to stop him. He exposed her breasts. &quot;Do you like them?&quot; she
      asked. &quot;Sure do. They look good and taste good.&quot; There was only
      a token resistance when Les unbuttoned the side of her pleated skirt and
      began to push it down. &quot;You shouldn't be doing that,&quot; she whispered. &quot;But
      I know you want me to and I want to as well. You wouldn't have come up
      here with me if you didn't. We're going to go all the way today Miriam
      so don't pretend you don't want to feel my prick inside you.&quot; Les
      put his hand in her knickers and massaged her young cunt. &quot;I can tell
      you want it, 'cos you're all wet.&quot; With that he pushed her knickers
      right down and took them off. Miriam lay there exposed to the sunlight,
      blushing furiously but she didn't attempt to regain her skirt or knickers. &quot;Let
      me see you,&quot; Miriam said quietly, &quot;I want to see it and feel
      it before we do it.&quot; Unbuttoning his flies she took out his hard prick
      and held it so she could see it for a few moments. &quot;Kiss it,&quot; Les
      ordered. She did so and acquiesced when he pushed it inside her mouth.
      After a short while he pulled out. &quot;Open your legs girl, I'm going
      to fuck you this time.&quot; Miriam did so. &quot;Go easy Les, you know
      I've never done it before.&quot; Les didn't heed her over much. Once he'd
      entered, he pushed hard and broke her hymen. A small scream escaped Miriam's
      lips but the pain turned to pleasure shortly after when Leslie pounded
      into her. Fortunately he remembered to pull out just in time and sprayed
      her stomach with his seed.&gt;&gt;   
I became aroused again watching my mother lose her virginity and had to surreptitiously
  move my prick into a more comfortable position. The scene changed rapidly to
  the inside of a house, probably the front room. Miriam and Leslie were sitting
  on a couch cuddling and kissing.  &lt;&lt;&quot;I love you Miriam,
  love you will all my heart. One day when we are old enough I am going to marry
  you.&quot; Les kissed and fondled her while speaking his words of love.&gt;&gt;   
&quot;She must have only been fifteen or so, the boy looks very young,&quot; I
  thought as the scene changed again. Miriam peered through a hedge.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;The bastard. The lying bastard. Two days ago he professed
      his undying love for me and there he is with Emily Fellows, fucking her
      like he's fucked me.&quot;&gt;&gt; Emily lay on the grass the other side
      of the hedge with her skirts up and knickers around one ankle. Leslie had
      his prick inside her cunt and both looked like they were enjoying themselves. &quot;You
      still poking that slut Miriam Williams, Les?&quot; Emily asked. &quot;Yeah,
      she's a good fuck but I'll have to chuck her soon so I can spend more time
      with you. She's a bit of a snob and wants me all to herself. Poor slut
      thinks I really intend to marry her.&quot; Both of them laughed at what
      seemed to them to be a hilarious joke.&gt;&gt;   
It was becoming almost an embarrassment to learn of my mother's sexual inclinations.
  First I hear she cheats on my father at her bridge club and then of her teenage
  experiences. Up until the ring's revelations, I had believed mother to be chaste
  and I hardly credited that she even had sex with dad. Mother suddenly turned
  and looked at me. For a moment I wondered if she knew I was listening and seeing
  her thoughts but it didn't seem like it. She asked, &quot;Are you seeing her
  tonight?&quot;  
&quot;No not until Saturday. She has two dresses to finish by Saturday morning.
  I'll probably pop into the shop if they are not busy.&quot;  
&quot;Well you can get your own tea tonight. I'm not cooking and it all goes
  to waste.&quot; To save further argument, I got up and left the house. There
  was no real need for me to help Jean any more but I liked the woman and it
  wasn't just because of the sex we'd had. There was still plenty of stripping
  of wallpaper and paintwork to do but there was no real urgency for these things
  to be done. The builders would have to do a lot of work before decorating could
  start but at least removing all the old paper and paint showed up areas the
  builders would need to repair and the extent of any rot.  
&quot;Morning Jean,&quot; I called out as I entered.  
&quot;Morning Derek, you can have a day off if you like. There's nothing
  I need a strong man for&hellip;&quot; She stopped in mid sentence and started
  to laugh at what she was going to say. &quot;Well perhaps there is but this
  is neither the time nor the place for it!&quot;  
&quot;I can't think what you mean Mrs. McCready,&quot; I grinned too. &quot;I
  had to get out of our house and the weather isn't all that nice for going to
  the coast.&quot;  
&quot;So you thought you help an old lady out.&quot; Jean had that infectious
  smile again. &quot;I guess you must have gone out if Miriam was pissed off
  with you this morning. How did it go? Did you take Sarah to The Swan?&quot; I
  gave her an outline of what happened and she seemed pleased for me. &quot;You'll
  be wanting to do the sandwich run again today I suppose,&quot; she kidded me.  
&quot;Mum seems to have more against Sarah than just her being a shop girl,&quot; I
  commented hoping it would bring some further information.  
Jean seemed to wait a longer time than normal before replying. &quot;Sarah's
  father jilted her when they were still teenagers. Not much out of school. She
  thought she was his only lover but he had a whole string of them. Even when
  he married Sally, Sarah's mother, he still carried on with other women until
  she threw him out or he left and moved in with another woman. Eventually Sally
  remarried and has been living with the same man ever since. As you know, Sarah
  married Terry Machin but he was much like her father so she moved out and divorced
  him. There were all sorts of rumours at the time but that is the bare bones
  of the story.&quot; I didn't really need any more, Jean had told me enough
  for me to know why my mother hated Sarah so that I wouldn't have to reveal
  that I knew from my ring.  
I saw Sarah only briefly in the shop and when she stopped by Jean's on the
  Thursday and Friday. She said she had more to do on the dresses and they had
  asked for another complete dress for a bridesmaid they'd added at the last
  moment. Jenny phoned mid afternoon. &quot;What is the naughty boy doing for
  dinner tonight?&quot; She asked. When I said I'd pick up a pizza she suggested
  we had a celebration meal at home.  
&quot;Don't wind me up Jenny, it was bad enough this morning.&quot;  
&quot;I'm serious Derek, mum's having a bridge evening so I thought we could
  heat up the left-overs and have a real family dinner with us and dad.&quot;  
This sounded better than a pizza but I couldn't resist a dig at her. I almost
  asked direct questions but managed to change the wording before I spoke. &quot;I'm
  not doing the cooking so I suppose I get to find out how Ralph is to suffer.
  I'd have thought you'd rather spend the evening with Ralph&quot;  
&quot;You'll survive, I guarantee it. And Ralph has a conference this weekend
  so I decided I'd give the house a miss for one night.&quot;  
We actually had a very pleasant meal with just the three of us. Even dad
  was more talkative than usual. I suppose that for once he could actually get
  a word in. I mentioned what Jean had said about mum and Sarah's father which
  was a surprise to Jenny but not of course to dad. He'd had a couple of glasses
  of wine with the meal as well as two cans of beer while we prepared it, so
  he spoke freely.  
&quot;I more or less met your mother on the rebound of that. For a while
  after she shunned boys but she'd been having sex a lot with Les Larkins and
  I guessed she missed not having a boyfriend. I was available and she thought
  I was reliable and at that time we enjoyed each other's company. I married
  her as soon as I knew she was pregnant with you Derek.&quot; He paused to let
  this sink in but years ago I'd worked out that mother was a pregnant bride
  and so had Jenny. He shocked us more when he went on, &quot;I've been faithful
  to her all these years but I know she's had others&hellip; and this bridge
  club isn't all about playing cards&hellip;I know by the smell of her and the
  stuff oozing out of her&hellip;&quot; Dad stopped knowing he'd said too much.
  Jenny looked like she couldn't believe it at first but then shook her head
  as she came to terms with it. Neither of us spoke but I heard dad thinking.  &lt;&lt;&quot;I
  shouldn't have had that wine on top of the beer. Still I expect they'll find
  out sooner or later. When they leave home perhaps I'll move out too. Not much
  of a life here now. Get to fuck her once or twice a month if I'm lucky while
  others have her at least weekly.&quot;&gt;&gt;    
Jenny's thoughts were in a similar vein.  &lt;&lt;&quot;Poor old
      dad. She gets her jollies and he has to put up with her bitchiness. Wonder
      why he does? Wonder if he'll leave her or throw he out when we go?&quot;&gt;&gt;   
I decided to take the bull by the horns and ask a direct question knowing
  I would get an honest answer. &quot;Dad, do you think you will spend the rest
  of your life with mother?&quot; Jenny gave me a shocked look.  
&quot;No son, to he honest, I don't think so. Both of you will be gone soon
  so there'll be less reason to stay unless things change drastically. There's
  no other woman at the moment but for several years I have been making some
  provision for a possible rift between us.&quot;  
&quot;Have you talked to mother about it? Does she know that you know about
  the bridge club?&quot; Jenny asked.  
&quot;Not really. Every time I try to talk to her she goes off and talks
  non-stop about something else.&quot; We all knew what he meant.  
&quot;You would rather she changed her ways than you having to move out though.&quot; Again
  Jenny asked a leading question.  
&quot;I guess so. The early years of our marriage were okay but she had her
  hands full looking after you two and we were struggling to make ends meet financially.
  It was when she had time on her hands and I was making enough money so she
  no longer needed to work, that things started to get worse.&quot;  
&quot;We need to try and sort something out dad.&quot; Jenny remarked. Dad
  protested that we shouldn't interfere but my reading of his mind told me he
  would actually welcome some help. He would get nowhere on his own.  
Dad broke open another beer but neither Jenny or I wanted any more alcohol.
  A game show was on the TV but I was more interested in Jenny's thoughts. She
  envisioned the bridge club as being some sort of wild sex swap group and her
  imagination ran riot with the activities they got up to. However, we found
  out later, that her thoughts were very close to being correct. Her mental plans
  for dealing with mother were also vivid and extreme. At one point she had mother
  stripped and tied to a chair so we could examine her to see if she'd had sex
  and then threaten her with dad's belt in order to get her to tell us the truth
  and make amends to dad. At ten o'clock Dad decided he'd had enough beer and
  went to bed. Both Jenny and I had hoped he would stay up and combine with us
  to confront mother but perhaps it was better this way.  
When we were alone I said,&quot; I'm not totally sure we should get involved
  with mum and dad's love life.&quot; I tried to bring the subject up with Jenny
  without asking a direct question.  
&quot;Of course we should,&quot; Jenny replied vehemently. &quot;She's interfered
  with mine enough and now she's definitely meddling with yours. Had it not been
  for dad, I would never have seen Ralph for more than a few times and I certainly
  wouldn't have been marrying him in a few weeks. We owe it to dad to try and
  save his marriage or to get them to make a clean break. If the bridge club
  is only a front for a sex club, then we need to find out for sure and deal
  with her in the light of what we find out.&quot;  
&quot;It's going to be very difficult to find out the truth. She'll certainly
  deny any sex was involved.&quot; I hoped she had some idea of how we were going
  to get mother to admit the truth without me using the ring to any great extent.  
Jenny astonished me when she proposed the method I had read in her thoughts.
  It seemed a very risky way to find out and I voiced my concerns. My arguments
  against it were all countermanded by a typical sisterly stubbornness until
  finally she said, &quot;Well, you haven't a better idea have you Mr. Higher
  Education?&quot; I hadn't. &quot;We'll need to be ready when she comes home
  and for that I'll need your help.&quot; To my surprise it all went to plan.  
&quot;Oh so you could spend an evening at home tonight then but not when
  I arrange a party for you,&quot; Mother started sniping at us as soon as she
  entered the kitchen and saw us still up. It was after eleven.  
&quot;Sit down mother, we need to talk to you about all this,&quot; Jenny
  spoke putting a note of command in her voice.  
&quot;I don't think there is really anything more you can say. An apology
  would go some way to consoling me but that is probably too much too expect
  from you two.&quot; However she did slump resignedly into the chair. I quickly
  looped the piece of clothesline around her body and the chair and pulled it
  tight.  
&quot;Eeeek! What are you...&quot; Her words were cut short when Jenny whipped
  out the length of packaging tape we'd hidden under the table and placed it
  across her mouth. She then helped me to get further loops of the rope around
  mother and we tied the ends securely.  
&quot;Mum, we have reason to believe you have been cheating on daddy and
  that you don't just play cards at your bridge club. No normal club would go
  on this late and you wouldn't come in looking a little bedraggled and flushed.&quot; Jenny
  started on mother. We both sat facing her. &quot;We know that if we asked you
  straight-out, you would deny it so I'm going to check your vagina for signs
  of intercourse.&quot; Mother shook her head vigorously but there was little
  she could do. Jenny unzipped the side of her skirt and while I lifted her the
  small amount the ropes would allow, she pulled the skirt and knickers down.
  I watched as Jenny opened mother's cunt so we could see all the sperm. &quot;I
  think that is proof enough don't you Derek?&quot;  
&quot;Yes,&quot; I agreed, &quot;Definitely at least one man has been in
  there, perhaps more than one.&quot; I tried to sound objective even though
  the sight of seeing mother's cunt for the first time, rather embarrassed me.
  Jenny had no such qualms.  
&quot;I'll check her breasts as well.&quot; My sister undid mother's blouse
  and then did that trick women do to remove a bra by pulling it out of their
  sleeves. Both breasts showed suck and little bite marks and on the underneath
  of one was the remains of a lipstick imprint. Mother was blushing and now looked
  very crestfallen. &quot;The bridge club is really a sex club isn't it?&quot; Jenny
  asked; mother barely nodded.  
Having got this far with her I decided I wanted to know the full extent of
  what happened at these meetings. First I ripped the tape from her mouth and
  then taking her head in my hands, I made her look into my eyes. &quot;What
  exactly went on at your bridge club today?&quot; I asked. I saw the look cross
  her face as she tried to resist answering but it was no use. She felt compelled
  to answer and she did so at length. Her voice sounded a little strained but
  she spoke clearly and in a matter of fact way as if she was reading the minutes
  of any ordinary club meeting.  
&quot;I went to the Pendergast's after lunch and had a glass of wine while
  we waited for the others to arrive. They had arranged for two tables today
  so there were eight of us; four men and four women. The Pendergast's and another
  couple are married but for the meetings they pretend not to be and there were
  four singles. I hope you don't wish me to name names. We started to play bridge
  about three o'clock. This was a normal bridge game except under our rules the
  losers have to submit themselves to the winners for ten minutes. We throw a
  dice and if it comes up even, the loser submits to a winner of the same sex,
  and to the opposite sex if it comes up to an odd number. No actual fucking
  is done but before the end of the ten minutes the losers are naked from the
  waist down. My partner and I won that rubber and the die came up evens so I
  removed Helen's skirt, all the ladies have to wear a skirt, and knickers and
  fingered and kissed her cunt.&quot;  
Once again I was surprised at the language women used in their thoughts and,
  at times like this, when they put those thoughts into words. I began to get
  an erection when I saw the vision of the older woman's hairy vagina in mother's
  mind.  
&quot;We changed partners for the next rubber and again I was on the winning
  pair. Again the die came up evens and the losing woman had already lost her
  skirt so I took off her blouse and suckled her tits. They were pretty big tits
  even though they had sagged a fair bit but I enjoyed kneading the soft flesh
  and nibbling at her nipples. We changed partners again but my luck didn't change.
  At the end of the third rubber I was the only one clothed and three people
  were naked. My loser had only lost his trousers so I quickly stripped him of
  his shirt and, as his prick was stiff from previous fondling, I played and
  sucked it. Before the ten minutes were up, he shot his spunk into my mouth.
  The others ribbed me about being the only one dressed and I didn't really want
  to be so I stripped off. That was mistake because I lost the next rubber and
  being already naked, I had to submit to a spanking. We're not spanked hard
  but even after a ten minute spanking, my arse was tender. A man and a woman
  were spanked as well and the others laughed when we squealed and pretended
  we were being seriously hurt.&quot;  
I glanced across at Jenny sitting open mouthed and these revelations. She'd
  thought about the rude things they might get up to but wasn't expecting anything
  as kinky as this. As I glanced at her a second time, I noticed dad sitting
  on the bottom of the stairs. He put a finger to his lips as a signal for me
  not to say anything. Mother couldn't see him from where she was sitting and
  in her monotone voice carried on with her description of the afternoon and
  evening events.  
&quot;We only play four rubbers of bridge and then have a break. A break
  for sex. We've each got little buttons with our name on and these are put into
  a bag. Mary Prendergast will pull one out and call out the name and then say,
  'and will partner' and will draw another name from the bag. Again it could
  be some one of the same gender or the opposite. I partnered the man I sucked
  off earlier. The house has two large bedrooms each with a king-size bed. Two
  pairs use the same bed. I managed to get my man erect enough to enter me and
  he fucked me hard for a long while but it wasn't until I had screamed out two
  climaxes that he came in me. We then did a bit of sixty-nining to clean each
  other. Alongside me two men were fucking. One had already shot his load up
  the other's arse and now his arse was being buggered. We are forced under club
  rules to accept lesbianism and homosexuality. The two could have just sucked
  each other but they chose bum fucking. We stayed in the bedroom until they'd
  finished and then went to see what was happening in the second bedroom. The
  man/woman couple had obviously finished and were watching the lesbian activity.
  One woman was on her back, Her tits were red so I guessed they'd been well
  mauled and suckled and now her cunt was being attended to.&quot;  
Mother paused for breath and then went on. &quot;We had a break for tea after
  that session. We all keep a robe in Mary's wardrobe and put these on and went
  back into the lounge or helped to bring prepared plates of sandwiches and stuff
  through. It provided a much-needed rest. After tea we cleared the dining table
  in centre of the lounge to play Forfeits, a board game which we have altered
  over the years to include some of the sexiest and most disgusting forfeits
  imaginable and it is not always the one getting the forfeit that suffers. The
  man next to me was instructed to nibble and suck the tits of the woman on his
  left. That's how I got the marks on mine. There are mandatory punishments if
  a person refuses to do a forfeit and they are so punitive that rarely does
  anyone not comply. Twenty lashes on the bare arse plus six on the cunt or prick
  is the stipulated punishment. Helen almost had it when her card said to take
  any man into the toilet and put his prick in her mouth and drink his piss.
  We all crowded in to watch but fortunately for her, the man had pissed after
  tea so there wasn't too much.&quot; Jenny gave a little cry of disgust but
  mother didn't seem to hear it. &quot;There are two piles of forfeit cards,
  pink for the girls and blue for the boys although many of them are the same.
  I guess there are over a hundred in each pile so rarely do the same cards get
  drawn at the various meetings. I had to lick a man's arsehole, have my cunt
  spanked twenty times by a woman, had a man ram his cock in my arse and leave
  it there for a round without him moving it, and I had my nipples tied round
  with string for so long that they went blue. Finally we had a normal boy/girl
  fuck session which is why I came home with my cunt full of spunk.&quot;  
For a little while we sat in silence. Jenny broke it. &quot;Daddy, do you
  remember what you did to me when you caught me being fucked by Jimmy Freestone?&quot;  
&quot;I tanned your bottom good and hard. You were only fifteen at the time.&quot;  
Mother turned and noticed his presence for the first time. &quot;Oh my God,
  no. You heard all that Ray?&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps you should tan mother's bottom in like manner daddy. What she's
  done is far worse than what I did.&quot;  
&quot;NO! No, Ray, please no. I'm tired now. Please, I'm sorry. I'll make
  it up to you.&quot; Mother started pleading but dad seemed to delight in the
  thought and I noticed how his pyjamas bulged in the front. I was having a similar
  problem.  
&quot;Untie her Derek please,&quot; dad requested and when I did so he picked
  her up and laid her across his lap. She kicked and did her utmost to avoid
  the punishment but father's superior strength prevailed. We'd removed her skirt
  and underwear so there was no protection from the hard slaps he laid on her
  bottom. Being a manual worker, dad had hard, callused hands so we knew she
  was feeling real pain this time and not the mild spankings she had at the club
  and her cries were no pretence. Dad didn't spare her. It seemed as if he wanted
  to take his revenge for all the misery his wife had caused him over the years.
  In no time at all she was crying and sobbing but he didn't stop until Jenny
  told him quietly that it was enough. For a while Dad just held her but suddenly
  he carried her to the bathroom. We heard the clatter of the toilet seat as
  it was dropped to the pan followed shortly by a yell.  
&quot;Careful, my arse hurts,&quot; mother yelled and started crying again.
  We heard the tinkle of her pee over the sobbing and shortly after squeal as
  dad carried her into the bedroom and dumped her on the bed and we could hear
  mother's wails as dad fucked her hard.  
&quot;Wow that was some revelation. How did you get her to talk like that
  bro? I never thought she would tell us. Did you study hypnotism at Uni?&quot; I
  just laughed and said that I didn't know how I did it, &quot;It just happens.&quot;  
Next morning mother was very subdued when she eventually came down to breakfast
  and sat gingerly at the table. I gave her a hug and a kiss and Jenny did the
  same. &quot;You made me so ashamed,&quot; she said, &quot;I don't know how
  you made me say all that but it seems likely that your dad will forgive me
  and I hope you will to.&quot;  
On Friday Sarah looked tired when she called in at Jean's and on the Saturday
  when I picked her up as she left work she was exhausted. The final dress was
  only completed at two o'clock that morning so she'd had little sleep. When
  I suggested we go out for a meal, she asked if I would mind staying in and
  sampling her cooking. &quot;I don't feel like dressing up to go out so you'll
  see me at my worst. The meal won't be much and you'll have to help but it might
  be good training for when you live on your own,&quot; she gave a tired smile.
  I agreed and gave her a cuddle and said for her not to worry. By early afternoon
  she was almost asleep on her feet so I took her into the bedroom and despite
  her protests, undressed her and put her to bed. I undressed too and crept in
  alongside her but almost as soon as I cradled her in my arms, she fell asleep.
  I dozed on an off but for most of the time I lay awake and enjoyed the feel
  of her body against mine. My mind kept revisiting the events of the previous
  evening and the revelations about the bridge club activities. I had a full
  erection but didn't dare rub it for fear of waking Sarah.  
It was well after six in the evening before she opened her eyes. I kissed
  her gently and gave her a little squeeze. &quot;That's a nice way to wake up
  Derek,&quot; she beamed as she hugged me back, and then saw the time. &quot;Oh
  Derek, sorry I should have started cooking ages ago. What will you think of
  me when I promise to cook and then fall asleep.&quot;  
&quot;I might think that it is better to have a beautiful naked young lady
  in bed with me and to make love to her!&quot; I grinned and when she laughed
  back I knew she could feel my erection against her belly.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;I'd like that too. I wonder if he's been playing
      with me, I feel wet already.&quot;&gt;&gt;  &quot;Mmmm. That
      might be nice,&quot; she said aloud. We fucked gently and, as with Jean,
      I found I could respond to her thoughts and wishes to give us both a great
      deal of pleasure.  
Ring of Truth Blog 6   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 6. Joshua gets a mistress   
20th July 2004  
Sarah trembled slightly as we walked hand in hand into the kitchen on Sunday
  morning. Jenny sat at the table looking through the paper and drinking her
  coffee. She looked up and grinned mischievously when we she saw us. &quot;Oh,
  has my big brother been a naughty boy and spent the night with his girlfriend?
  I hope you made him sleep on the couch Sarah,&quot; she teased.  
&quot;Certainly not Jenny. Did you think I would pass up the chance to cuddle
  a teddy bear in bed?&quot; I was glad Sarah could respond in kind to Jenny's
  remark.  
&quot;Where's mother?&quot; I mouthed silently in case she was within earshot.
  I expected her to be getting ready for church at this time.  
&quot;They're both in their bedroom,&quot; Jenny replied, still smiling. &quot;They
  came down about half past eight in their dressing gowns and made a pot of tea
  and some toast then went back to bed again. Mum's bum is still tender. She
  forgot herself and sat down a bit hard and had to jump up again and rub herself.
  Sounded as if Dad was doing it again a bit later.&quot; Sarah looked a bit
  puzzled by Jenny's remark but I didn't enlighten her until we were alone. &quot;It's
  all quiet again now. What you up to today?&quot;  
&quot;Going to Sandswick. Would you mind chatting to Sarah while I shave
  and change?&quot; I suddenly remembered that it was a question. Luckily her
  honest answer was more or less what she would have given without the ring's
  influence.  
&quot;Sure brother dear. Perhaps I can find out what you got up to last night,
  as if I can't guess!&quot; They were deep in conversation when I came back
  into the room but I resisted asking them what it was all about. From Sarah's
  thoughts it didn't appear she had been told about Friday nights episode but
  had discussed wedding dresses.  
&quot;Jenny asked me if I could make her wedding gown. Would your mother
  mind if I did?&quot; Sarah asked.  
&quot;Probably but I daresay we can handle it. Mother's buying the dress
  and has been getting anxious that Jenny hasn't found one she liked that was
  within mother's budget but let's forget mother for the time being and enjoy
  a day at Sandswick. We can watch them fishing from the pier and the boats coming
  in to the dock and they have the finest fish and chips in the whole county
  at Martha's hut.&quot;  
We spent two very enjoyable days together. Sunday at the seaside town and
  Monday, which was her day off, by going to Braithwick market where Jenny bought
  a load of material for dressmaking. &quot;Good job we came by car,&quot; she
  laughed, &quot;I would have only been able to carry half of this stuff if I'd
  gone by bus.&quot;  
&quot;And you'd only have spent half the money.&quot;  
&quot;But I saved on bus fares and had a strong lad to carry things for me.&quot;  
We arrived at my home about five and I kept hold of Sarah's hand as we walked
  in. Mother was the only one home and she was bustling about in the kitchen
  making the meal so there was no avoiding her. She eyed me warily and then looked
  at Sarah with some disdain. &lt;&lt;&quot;How did he make me tell
  all those things? Will he make me do it again? In front of her?&quot;&gt;&gt;   Despite
  her reservations as to my ability mother still tried to make a snide remark
  about Sarah. &quot;Was it necessary to bring that shop girl here Derek?&quot;  
Before I could reply Sarah answered. &quot;Miriam, I am not my father. I
  am his daughter. Just because he chucked you doesn't mean you have to take
  it out on me and in any case it all happened twenty-seven years ago and I'm
  sure you've done worse things since.&quot; For a few moments there was complete
  silence in the room. Mother's thoughts came through. &lt;&lt;&quot;Did
  he tell her all about the bridge club or perhaps her father told her of some
  of the things I did with him after marrying Ray.&gt;&gt;  I only
  told Sarah the barest details of what happened on Friday. Sarah went on, &quot;I
  came here because Derek invited me to and I came here to talk with Jenny about
  the design for her wedding dress that I am going to make.&quot; For once mother
  was at a loss for words. Jenny hadn't told her about ordering her dress from
  Sarah. &quot;Miriam, Derek and I have been together for less than a week but
  we seem to get on well together. We enjoy each other's company. I like him
  a lot and I think he likes me too but after one failed marriage I am not going
  to rush into another one. I'm sure Derek wouldn't wish that either and I'll
  try and make damned sure I find a person who I can live with for the rest of
  my life before committing myself again. When we've known each other for six
  months or a year or more, then we can think about marriage. Certainly I am
  not going to try and get pregnant and trap him.&quot;  
Mother went bright red and fled upstairs. When I explained to Sarah about
  my being conceived before mum and dad married, she was most upset at her unwitting
  faux pas but once again took charge and went upstairs and into mother's room.
  They were there for some little time before both came down together and mother
  put the kettle on. There seemed to be a sort of truce between them. &quot;Would
  you all like to stay for dinner?&quot; mother asked, &quot;Jenny and father
  will be in shortly.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;Dyslexia, she has dyslexia,
  word blindness,&quot;&gt;&gt;  came from mother's mind and suddenly
  I also knew why Sarah had dropped out of school. Dyslexia made reading difficult
  but would not affect her natural intelligence or her practical ability.  
It was this afternoon before I could scan a few more pages of the book. Sarah
  was at work, the builders had started to move into Jean's and mother was shopping
  so I had the house to myself.  
*****  
The New Maid   
The accounts I write here give only tiny vignettes of events in
      my life that the ring helped to bring about. It was largely as a result
      of my being able to ascertain the thoughts of others that I became very
      successful in business and in turn became moderately wealthy. I resolved
      therefore to sell the inn and purchase a house more suited to my status
      in better area than the docklands. Eventually I found a modest six-bedroom
      house known as 'Beaumont House' in Poplar a little apart from the village
      with stables at the rear for my horse. It was still near enough to the
      West India Docks where I conducted much of my business that I could ride
      there in less than an hour. A regular stagecoach passed through the village
      that I could take should the weather be inclement so it was quite ideally
      suited to me.   
The new owner of the inn seemed a friendly enough man and all the
      younger girls agreed to stay. They could earn far more by selling their
      bodies than they could in service to me. Only Naomi, the cook, decided
      she would prefer a quieter life in Poplar. Naomi was a rotund, jovial woman
      in her late forties and an excellent cook. At the inn I rarely spent the
      nights with her but in the quietness at 'Beaumont House' we did so more
      frequently. In many ways I enjoyed having Naomi's voluptuous thighs around
      me but I also yearned for a younger and leaner girl's body. &quot;You need
      to look for a wife,&quot; Naomi told me candidly after I had fucked her
      one night and we lay resting. &quot;A wife or a mistress, a girl that could
      help with the housework during the day and keep you warm and see to your
      needs at night.&quot; I knew she was right in that we did need more domestic
      help especially if I entertained guests. I'd made-do with a couple of girls
      from the village on the two occasions when I had visitors but Naomi really
      needed a more permanent assistant. However I needed to be careful that
      any girl I hired and also took to my bed, wasn't after my money but again
      the ring came to me aid.   
Elizabeth Canwell was one such girl. We first hired her as a temporary
      maid for an evening when I had two friends to dinner. She was attractive
      and agreeable and at some point in the evening, asked Naomi if there might
      be the chance of a position with me. I agreed to interview her the following
      weekend. She arrived wearing a low-cut dress and a pleasant smile and several
      times tried to flirt with me. Before the interview proper though, I asked
      Naomi to show the girl around the house and explain her duties and when
      they returned to the parlour I poured each of us a glass of wine. While
      Elizabeth told of her experience in service I was more interested in Naomi's
      thoughts. &lt;&lt;&quot;Little hussy. Trying to get into his breeches.
      She'll try and twist him round her finger and act like the mistress of
      the house. She'll want to lord it over me in no time at all. Hope he doesn't
      take her on.&quot;&gt;&gt; Elizabeth's own thoughts confirmed much of this
      and &lt;&lt;&quot;I'll not need to tell him that I got the push from the
      squire's house for not working hard enough or that the mistress found me
      in bed with her son. He ain't much to look at but perhaps if I get old
      Josh here in bed, I can get myself a better position. Seems as if he has
      enough money to employ more servants and I could have my own maid. Fat
      old Naomi shouldn't be a problem. He can't fancy her.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
I agreed to take her on a week's trial. &quot;At the end of the
      week it will be up to Naomi whether or not we employ you permanently,&quot; I
      told her.   
&quot;Thank you sir,&quot; she replied. &lt;&lt;&quot;After I've
      bedded him a couple of times, Naomi's opinion won't count for anything.&quot;&gt;&gt; I
      knew it would! She'd been with me a long while and I valued her down to
      earth opinion.   
On the second night, Elizabeth came to my room and asked if there
      was anything else that I required. She was a passable fuck but I'd had
      better from the maids in the inn. I pretended to be delighted with her
      and her thoughts told me that she believed she was almost mistress of the
      house already. She played very coy for a couple of days and then came to
      my bed again where we had an enjoyable fuck but without being it anything
      special. I had already spoken quietly to Naomi and learned that Elizabeth
      was quite a lazy girl and had frequently to be chided into doing the work.
      I wondered if this would give me just cause to chastise her but decided
      against it for the short period she was with us. When I called the pair
      together on the last day of the trial week, I asked Naomi if we should
      employ Elizabeth. The answer was, as I expected, a vehement no, and she
      gave a full list of reasons why. Elizabeth tried to argue with us but I
      concurred with Naomi much to the vexation of Elizabeth.   
It was only a few days later that I got my maid and the woman who
      became my mistress. It happened in a most unusual way.   
Whilst conducting dealings down at the dockside close by the inn
      I heard a bit of a commotion but didn't think too much of it at the time.
      There is always something going on there. Shortly afterwards I saw a lighterman
      and his boy frantically sculling their small boat to someone floundering
      in the water. They got there just in time. The person turned out to be
      a woman and from what I could hear she didn't want to be rescued. She'd
      jumped from the bridge into the swirling ebb tide. However, the lightermen
      unceremoniously rolled her into their boat. When they brought her to the
      quay and helped her up the steps and into the inn, I gave them a shilling
      for their trouble for I could see the bedraggled woman, not much more than
      a girl really, was not too unpleasant in her features. The new innkeeper
      hustled her into the kitchen and Fanny undressed her and then found some
      dry clothes she could wear. The girl's thoughts were such a jumble of contradictions,
      vacillating between wanting to be warm and wanting to be left to die in
      peace that I could determine little about her. Eventually the warmth won
      but she refused to say anything about herself or the wicked looking and
      festering birch marks we'd seen across her buttocks or the bruises on her
      face and breasts. Charles Frederick, the new innkeeper didn't think her
      a suitable maid for the inn so I decided I would keep the wench. At the
      time I still had business to conclude at the dock but I waited until the
      next coach was due and, knowing the driver, paid him to put her off at
      my house. &quot;When you get there,&quot; I told her, &quot;Knock on the
      back door and when Naomi my housekeeper comes say, 'Master Joshua says
      to look after me until he gets home.'&quot; In fact the coachman pulled
      his team up outside my house and blew his horn until Naomi came out and
      he delivered the girl and the message. She was slumped in the coach and
      had to be half carried into the house.   
When I arrived home late in the afternoon, Naomi and the girl were
      sitting in the kitchen and the girl had a soft cushion on her chair. She
      looked much more presentable and had more colour in her cheeks than earlier.
      I guessed Naomi had spent some time cleaning and feeding her. &quot;This
      is Beatrice Carter sir,&quot; Naomi informed me, &quot;She answers to Beatie
      but that's all she's told me. In any case I thought it best to leave any
      questioning till you came home sir and perhaps after we've had our dinner.
      It's all ready. Shall I serve it here or in the dining room?&quot; Unless
      we had guests I always ate in the kitchen with Naomi. It was warmer and
      she would keep a lively conversation even if twas on trivial subjects.
      That evening she prattled on about Beatie's arrival, what she had done
      for her and how she'd cleaned and tried to treat the birch marks on her
      arse. Through it all Beatie remained silent apart from the obligatory please
      and thank-you's and hardly looked up from her plate. She ate well, seemingly
      not having eaten for some time. While Naomi was attending to the pudding
      course, I tried to concentrate on Beatie's thoughts. They were clearer
      now but still a jumble. &lt;&lt;&quot;Will I be safe here? What will he
      want as payment for what he has done? I have no money, none at all. They
      took it all. They'll tell everyone that I am a thief.&quot;&gt;&gt; I saw
      a tear run down her face but she didn't wipe it and didn't look up. &lt;&lt;&quot;It
      was Ruth who stole that broach. Ruth put it in my apron. Will he want to
      take me to his bed? Will he beat me if I don't? I suppose I will have to
      let him like I had to the masters. Will he keep me here? Make me work?
      I wouldn't mind that. Naomi seems nice. Like Auntie Mabel. Oh my arse still
      hurts. Rogers really laid that birch on hard and I am innocent. And then
      what they did after&hellip;&quot;&gt;&gt; Her reminiscences were interrupted
      by the arrival of the pudding.    
At the end of the meal I suggested Beatie might help with clearing
      the table and cleaning the dishes which she did without complaint although
      both Naomi and I could see she was stiff and very tired, probably a reaction
      to her ordeal. She winced as she stood and put some weight on her feet
      and limped to the sink. I put a few more logs on the fire in the parlour
      and waited for the two women to finish cleaning up and to join me. Beatie's
      thoughts still showed concern for what might happen to her and Naomi's
      kept wandering to how the girl came to be in the river but she knew better
      than to ask.   
Soon we were settled with Naomi next to me at one side of the fireplace
      and Beatie across from us so I could look her directly in the face. Deciding
      to take the bull by the horns I spoke directly. &quot;Beatie, I expect
      you are wondering what is going to happen to you here. Whether I will let
      you stay; whether I will wish to take you to my bed; whether I will thrash
      you and perhaps you are worried about other things too, things that caused
      you to try and drown yourself.&quot; I could tell this was the case although
      I only received a slight nod by way of acknowledgement. I went on, &quot;I
      can answer some of those things. Yes, you can stay here, if you wish, at
      least for the time being, unless you have done something seriously wrong
      and the constables come for you.&quot; She shook her head. &quot;I have
      been looking for a maid to assist Naomi and she seems to have taken you
      under her wing already. You will get your board and lodging and a maid's
      dress to wear and a small wage. Yes, I will wish to take you to my bed.
      You are an attractive young wench and I am a man who is used to having
      a woman in bed with him. I will certainly look forward to feeling you alongside
      me and getting my prick into your cunnie.&quot; She blushed at my forthright
      statement but again only gave a slight nod of her head to affirm she understood. &quot;As
      to whether you will be thrashed. It is very unlikely you will receive a
      birching such as you've had recently. I can only recall one girl in my
      employ having a severe thrashing and she definitely stole a gold watch.
      That is not to say you won't be punished. Even Naomi gets he arse tanned
      sometimes.&quot; In truth it had been a goodly number of months since I'd
      bared her bum for the strap but I felt I might need to chastise this woman
      more for pleasure than punishment. &quot;Now that is as straight and honest
      answer as I can give you as to your future here. I trust that in turn you
      will give us a straight and honest account of the circumstances that led
      to your jumping off the bridge.&quot;   
Beatrice just hung her head and didn't speak but tears drifted
      down her face. &quot;You'll have to use your powers sir,&quot; Naomi commented.
      She'd seen me do my supposedly mesmerism trick on a number of occasions.
      I hadn't wished to use the ring but that now seemed unavoidable. Theatrically
      I pulled my chair close to Beatie's and looked straight into her eyes.
      She turned her head but I turned it back again with my hands.   
&quot;Look at me Beatrice,&quot; I ordered and somewhat reluctantly
      she obeyed. &quot;Beatrice, I need to know about you and what you have
      been up to. I need to know in order that I might help you and in order
      to protect myself from any wrongs you may have done. In a moment when I
      ask, you will tell me all the details of your life, going back as far as
      is necessary and in particular I wish to know of the events that led to
      your jumping from the bridge. You will tell me truthfully even if you are
      ashamed of the things you have done.&quot; I paused. &lt;&lt;&quot;I can't
      tell him everything. I can miss out some of the things I had to do.&quot;&gt;&gt; She
      closed her eyes but opened them when I ordered. Finally I asked, &quot;Where
      do you come from? Where have you been working? And what made you decide
      to take you own life?&quot; Her face had that faraway look that I knew
      so well when a person was under the ring's influence. &quot;Take your time
      Beatrice. There is no hurry. The evening is young and your story will help
      to pass the time.&quot;   
Beatrice's story   
&quot;My father is a farrier who works in the City of Westminster
      and he services the horses of many of the gentry there. I was brought up
      in a cottage that adjoined the forge. Father is a big strong man and scrupulously
      honest but he treats and dominates all women like he does the metal under
      his hammer. Mother and I obey him completely otherwise we get beaten. Nearly
      always he uses his hand, only once did I see him use a leather belt on
      mother and she couldn't walk properly for a week, but his big hand and
      an arm that is used to wielding a hammer is almost as bad. Our cottage
      is small, made smaller by the way the forge has taken over the main room
      so we lived in the kitchen and slept in one room. I had a small bed in
      one corner and they have a larger one in the other. From an early age I
      saw him fuck my mother most nights, especially in the summer when it was
      still light and they did it on top of the bed because of the heat. It was
      only later when I was in service that I found out that some of the things
      they did were not considered normal by many people. He frequently used
      all three of mother's openings. However, never once did he touch me in
      that way even though he often saw me naked, and I was completely without
      clothes when he spanked me. Mother was too.&quot; Tears streamed down Beatie's
      face as she visualised both her mother and her being spanked over her father's
      knee. Through her mental imagery, I could see how badly bruised and beaten
      was her mothers arse and from the pain she was experiencing, I guessed
      that Beatie's was in a similar state.   
&quot;One morning when I was thirteen, father came into the kitchen
      and hauled me into the forge and stood me in front of a well dressed man.
      'Here she is Sir, good lass, hard working and honest if you don't mind
      my saying so of my own daughter.' The man looked me over for a minute or
      so before say, 'She looks a little thin Carter, but I'll give her a try.
      Send her to the Masquets in Walthamstow tomorrow.' I was horrified partly
      because I had no idea where Walthamstow was but I guessed it was a long
      way and I would be leaving the safety of my home. 'That was Sir Cecil Coburn,'
      my father informed me and you are going into service in his house.' He
      managed to get me a ride on a cart for about eight miles but I still had
      to walk a dozen miles or more to the house. It was a splendid place and
      for the first year I worked there without any problems. I was a tall, skinny
      girl then with no breasts. I had a few hidings but they were less serious
      than I had at home and they were mainly because I didn't always understand
      the instructions I was given and was too shy to ask. The trouble started
      when I was fifteen and my breasts began to develop and I began to fill
      out. I knew the master's sons often took the maids to bed and occasionally
      Sir Cecil did as well when his wife was away. Some of the maids looked
      forward to it as it usually meant an extra coin or two in their pocket.
      At that time the eldest son, Richard, came back from a trip abroad and
      he took a maid to bed every night and in the morning they would tell of
      what he'd done to them. They were all things my father did with mother
      like taking her in the back hole but which some of the girls thought disgusting
      and painful.&quot;   
My prick was beginning to rise as I could see the images of some
      of the maids, one showing off her red bottom hole. Beatie didn't seem to
      notice but continued in a flat tone of voice.   
&quot;He'd been back about a month when one evening I almost bumped
      into him in a passageway. 'Where has a pretty thing like you been hiding
      then?' he asked and then pulled me to him and kissed me. I pushed him away
      but he quickly seized me again and said, 'You will come and warm my bed
      tonight.' When I pleaded that I wasn't one of the maids that did that he
      dragged me to the butler and ordered him to give me a dozen with the strap
      for my insolence. I suppose it was part of my father's training that I
      just accepted it but I didn't go to his room later. I thought the punishment
      had absolved me from it. Hardly had I got to my bed when two footmen came
      in. &quot;Sorry Beatie,' one of them said, 'We've to take you to Master
      Richard.' So they did. I only had my nightshirt on and Master Richard had
      that off as soon as I was in the room. I was sobbing and pleading with
      him but he told me to shut up or he would send me to the butler again to
      get my front strapped. He ravished me hard and tore away my maidenhead
      while I lay there passively. He swore at me for being a lousy fuck and
      threatened me with the strap again if I didn't improve. Later in the night
      he fucked me again and despite the pain I tried to respond but I know he
      was disgusted with my performance. The chambermaid wasn't pleased either
      because she'd had to change the sheets and wash my blood off them. A week
      later he had me again and this time I wasn't as sore and I really did try
      to please him but still he wasn't thrilled with my efforts.&quot;   
From her recital I began to wonder if she would be any good in
      my bed but she went on, &quot;He must have talked about me to his two brothers,
      James the middle son and Herbert the youngest who was twenty. James had
      me quite a few times and introduced me to having it in my bottom and mouth.
      If he rated my service at all, it would have been passable. I didn't mind
      warming his bed but I didn't really enjoy his company. There seemed to
      be a pecking order between the brothers that was related to their age.
      Richard had first choice of the maids but I was very rarely chosen, James
      had the next pick and for a while I seemed to be his favourite mainly because
      he wanted to initiate me into having it in various ways and positions.
      Like my father, he liked variety. It was several months after Richard had
      taken my virginity that Herbert asked me to warm his bed. Up to then he'd
      mostly bedded Janet but she became pregnant and disappeared mysteriously
      from the house. It was soon after that he asked me to take her place. He
      had me every night for the first week and I grew to like him and at last
      began to enjoy being fucked by a man. He was more gentle and considerate
      than the others were and I did my very best to please him. In some ways
      he took after James because he liked it in a variety of places and ways
      and I encouraged him. You may wonder that I too did not become pregnant
      but cook made every girl drink a mug of bitter liquid each morning at breakfast.
      It was a concoction of herbs to her secret recipe, which usually seemed
      to work. Why it didn't for my predecessor Janet, I don't know.&quot;   
Most cooks knew these 'secret' recipes. Naomi did and made the
      girls at the inn drink a similar liquid each day. Now she deemed herself
      too old to become with child but I resolved she should start making the
      drink for Beatie.   
&quot;I suppose I must have started to fall in love with Herbert
      although I knew nothing would come of it especially when he started to
      court Lady Alice Billington but he still wanted me in his bed most nights.
      Infrequently another young girl, Ruth, went to his room and it was she
      that was the cause of my ills. She tried to win Herbert's heart but I was
      too deeply entrenched and I believed that even when he wed Lady Alice I
      would be a maid in their house and would service him when required. Ruth
      though sort out the means to oust me. Somehow she managed to steal a broach
      from Lady Coburn and secrete it in my apron. Cook discovered it and I was
      accused of the theft. No matter how hard I pleaded my innocence, no one
      seemed to believe me, except perhaps Sir Cecil himself and Herbert. The
      majority agreed I was guilty and should be punished and sent to prison.
      Sir Cecil stepped in and said they would deal with the matter at the house
      and it would not go further. He sentenced me to twenty strokes of the birch.
      I knew it was useless to plead and just let them tie me down naked to the
      frame they used for the punishments and the butler laid them on real hard.
      He said he hated thieves. Each time I passed out so they revived me and
      carried on. My arse was a bloodied mess by the time he had finished but
      I wasn't released although my wounds were cleaned and dried. That was only
      to allow Richard and James to fuck me, and James insisted on using my bottom
      hole, which caused me so much pain that I passed out again. After that
      I was given a cheap, coarse dress and told to leave and not return. Sir
      Cecil said he would inform my father of my actions so I knew I daren't
      go back there. Herbert met me near the gate and gave me a shilling's worth
      of copper coins so as not to arouse suspicion by my having a silver shilling.
      He said he didn't believe I stole the broach but there was nothing he could
      do. I really didn't know what to do or where to go. I'd been unjustly and
      terribly thrashed and then raped. I wanted to die. I almost did throw myself
      under a wagon but hadn't the courage to do it.&quot;   
&quot;I'm glad she didn't, poor thing,&quot; whispered Naomi.   
That was three days ago. I have no idea where I went and I could
      only walk with the greatest difficulty so I made slow progress. Without
      knowing why I headed towards the midday sun. Last night I spent sheltering
      in a doorway where two dirty old men came upon me and hit me until I gave
      them the coins I had. It was then that I decided life was no longer worth
      living and I would find a means to end it. In the morning I came to the
      river and knowing I could not swim decided to throw myself in. I think
      you know the rest.&quot;   
I nodded, appalled at her story. &quot;Do you believe that I did
      not take the broach?&quot; she asked with a voice filled with emotion now
      that she had answered my question.   
&quot;I certainly do. You cannot lie when I look into your eyes
      and ask a question,&quot; I stated forcibly. Naomi agreed.   
I did take her to my bed that night and we fucked gently for her
      arse was still inflamed and sore. After that she slept with me most nights
      for thirty-three years although I never married her.   
Ring of Truth   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 7. Sarah's married life   
1st August 2004  
&quot;It's a lovely house Derek. Too good for a bachelor,&quot; Sarah giggled, &quot;It's
  big enough for a whole family.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps you should offer to take my bachelorhood away from me and start
  filling the place with tiny feet,&quot; I suggested.  
&quot;And lose my own freedom?&quot; she teased.  
I'd only known her for three weeks but already we were an 'item'. Even mother
  was beginning to accept her as part of the family especially when she saw the
  nearly finished wedding dress Sarah was making for Jenny. &quot;You are very
  clever with your hands,&quot; Mother grudgingly admitted.  
The house was indeed nice if a little large for one person. Dr. John Salmon,
  my predecessor, had taken a lucrative four-year contract to work in the USA
  with an optional extension and his term of employment was brought forward by
  a month. He suggested that I might like to move in straightaway so I would
  be well installed by the time my work at the University started. The ring helped
  a great deal and saved me a lot of money when it came to negotiating the buying
  of the house and the furniture that was in it. Because of the short time span,
  John would either have to pay for the furniture to be moved and stored for
  the duration of his employment abroad or sell it off cheaply to a house clearance
  firm. The other alternative was to sell it to me just as cheaply. Of course
  he tried to put a higher price on it but when I pointed out the options I'd
  read from his mind, he reduced the price provided I paid cash. None of the
  stuff was particularly valuable or antique but to have it there ready to use
  was a big bonus. Only problem was that I didn't have the cash and wouldn't
  have until my first few pay cheques came in. Mother wasn't too keen on loaning
  me the money but Jean had no qualms on that score and I promised to pay her
  back at so much a month. I had previously arranged to take over the mortgage
  on the house from mid-September so basically I had a month's free rent.  
It didn't take me long to move in. My room at home was pretty well packed
  with my belongings but almost everything was in that one room. Now I was able
  to spread things around a four-bedroomed house. At least that's how the estate
  agent would have described it but one of the bedrooms was very small so I commandeered
  it for my computer stuff. The main bedroom had a king-size bed while one of
  the others had a double. The third bedroom lay more or less empty; John had
  never needed it. Right from the beginning I visualised it would make a good
  sewing room for Sarah even though she hadn't agreed to move in with me and
  I knew it might be some time before she did. Always at the back of her mind
  were the thoughts of what happened to her previous marriage.  
&quot;I thought we might have a bed warming party tonight,&quot;  
&quot;We might get lost in that huge bed and have difficulty in finding one
  another,&quot; Sarah laughed.  
We did indeed christen the bed but somehow I felt that I wasn't stimulating
  her as much as I had earlier. It was most enjoyable but something seemed to
  be missing. Her mind didn't touch on it at the time but later as we lay cradled
  against each other pretending to sleep I tuned into her thoughts. I was shocked
  by what I saw and heard. After a little while she started to cry. I knew why
  and wondered if it would be better if she talked about it openly. Some of it
  I knew was common knowledge but as the events happened while I was away, I'd
  only heard vague rumours and at that time Sarah was only a girl I knew slightly
  from school.  
&quot;A penny for them,&quot; I said and gave her a cuddle.  
&quot;You don't want to know.&quot;  
&quot;You thinking of your ex?&quot; I asked turning her head to face me.
  In the dim light that filtered through the thin curtains from the street lamp
  I knew she could see me looking fixedly at her. &quot;Are you wondering if
  I would be like him? Would you like to get it all off your chest so we don't
  have it as a hidden secret between us?&quot; Three direct questions; questions
  that would either make or break our relationship. Questions she would be forced
  to answer and answer with all honesty.  
Hesitantly she started. &quot;At first I wondered if you would ever have
  the courage to spank me like Terry did? Not like he did when he was angry and
  used his belt or the bamboo plant cane but a hand spanking to get me aroused.
  I know it makes me sore but it also gets me warm and horny. Like the first
  time Terry did it. We were in his room, sitting on his bed and no one else
  in the house. I expected to be fucked but decided to appear reluctant. Terry
  didn't stand for any of that nonsense did he? No, before I knew what was happening
  he'd pulled me over his lap and had my arse bared. God did he seem to hit hard.
  I squealed and yelled but it didn't make any difference. He made my bum really
  sore and then I had to kneel on the bed while he fucked me from behind. Doggie
  fashion he called it. That made me really go and I came a couple of times before
  he did. Afterwards he rubbed some cream in and that was nice too. He never
  used to do that after we were married and he didn't have to be nice to me to
  gain a few favours. Then he wanted to hurt me more. Wanted me helpless so he
  could hit harder and be cruel and show off in front of his friends. Like the
  day he invited Pete Sayer round for a meal and I forgot to turn the heat down
  under the vegetables and they boiled dry and burned and the horrible smell
  went all through the house. He was real angry over that when they came in from
  the pub. Called me a useless slut and bent me over the back of the armchair
  and tied my wrists to the front legs. I didn't believe he would do this in
  front of Pete but he did. The sod. Took my skirt and knickers off and laid
  into me with the belt. 'That's how to treat a useless woman who can't even
  cook a simple dinner,' he growled at Pete. Then he gagged me to stop me screaming
  too loud but he kept swinging that belt until I could hardly stand the pain
  any more. I should have left him after that. I was a fool not to realise it
  would get worse. He must have thought I would pass out so he stopped and took
  his prick out and fucked me in the arse right in front of Pete. Then the sod
  told Pete to fuck my arse, which of course he did. The pain was sheer hell.
  Worse, I was made to suck them afterwards and then make another meal. Again
  he complained and then fucked me on the hearthrug and allowed Pete to do the
  same. Bastard pretended to be sorry the next day and blamed having too much
  beer but he'd only had a couple of cans. He was nice again for a while.&quot;  
I gave her a cuddle and waited while she gathered her thoughts again and
  went on.  
&quot;God knows how many times he used that belt on me for trivial things
  although not as bad as that time. I didn't mind a hand spanking but the belt
  was always a punishment and rarely did I get aroused from it. Gradually the
  beltings became more frequent, so much so, that he left the rope ties in place
  on the chair all the time, and he pointed them out to visitors. I probably
  would still be suffering it had he not thrashed me with that sodden cane in
  front of his mates. And that time I hadn't even done anything wrong. He just
  wanted to show off. Wanted his mates to know what a macho man he was and how
  he could do anything he wanted with me. The four had been drinking in the lounge
  and I'd just finished the washing-up. 'Get your arse in here woman,' he yelled.
  I only went just inside the door but he pulled me to the middle of the room
  and shouted for me to strip off. 'I want my mates to see what sort of a woman
  you are.' 'No!' I yelled but he held me and between them they stripped me naked.
  'I won't stand for this sort of disobedience in front of my friends,' he yelled
  and once more I found myself bound over the back of the chair. He snatched
  the cane I was using as a support for a tall houseplant, one of those rubber
  trees that can grow to the ceiling. It was about four feet long and quite thick.
  With it he gave my arse a vicious stripe. I screamed but they laughed and it
  seemed to incite him further. Later at the hospital they counted nineteen welts
  across my bottom. Some were bleeding profusely from where the cane had split
  and nipped and pulled the flesh. All four of them fucked me, three in the cunt
  and one in the arse. I passed out for a short while but that didn't make any
  difference. I yelled when I came to but they carried on drinking and left me
  there. Finally all but one fell asleep and I pleaded with him that it was time
  to untie me and fortunately he did. When the coast was clear I phoned the police
  and ambulance and they took the men away and me to the hospital. Terry only
  got probation and community service but was ordered not to attempt to go near
  me again. The council found me the flat I have.&quot;  &lt;&lt;&quot;Oh
  God, why did I tell him all that? He'll hate me now. He won't want a whore
  like me. I'd better go quickly and forget these past few weeks.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
As soon as she started to get out of bed I grabbed her and pulled her back
  and held her tight while she sobbed her heart out. I allowed her to cry herself
  out until the wretched sobs turned to sniffles. &quot;Sarah,&quot; I said quietly, &quot;I
  love you. Thank you for revealing your past in such honesty. It must have been
  a terrible time for you but it will not make any difference to us. Yes, I will
  spank you if you wish and in fact I may enjoy doing it but I don't think I
  could really hurt any woman and certainly not you. Please don't think of running
  away. I need you and I love you and I think you love me too. Your past is past,
  let us go forward to a new life together. In slow steps if you like, but let's
  do it together.&quot; I thought I sounded like our vicar but they were the
  best words I could think of at the time. I kissed her twice and the second
  one was returned with some fervour. I sincerely hoped that my gamble of making
  her talk had worked but I couldn't be certain that it hadn't made the situation
  worse. I was angry with Terry for what he had done to Sarah, both physically
  and mentally but I also knew that had he been a nicer person, I would not have
  her with me now. I remembered seeing the physical scars on her bottom one night
  when we'd bathed together and I'd dried her back. They were only visible when
  the light was right and I hadn't commented on them at the time and her mind
  must have forgotten them.  
She was quiet and reserved next morning at Sunday breakfast and I from her
  thoughts I knew she was thinking of her past life. Thoughts of what she had
  revealed last night and most of all she was wondering how I made her tell and
  if it would make any difference to our relationship. &lt;&lt;&quot;Did
  he really mean it when he said he loved me? It sounded sincere last night but
  what about now or in a week's time when he's thought about it more? Will he
  still want someone who allowed herself to be fucked by her husband's mates?
  Someone who's admitted to sucking shitty pricks? Someone who's done really
  dirty things?&quot;&gt;&gt;   Without trying to intrude into her
  personal musings I tried to make it clear that I did love her and would continue
  to do so but her mind was still full of doubts.  
&quot;I'd better spend the rest of the weekend working on your sister's dress,&quot; she
  announced suddenly. I knew she had a little finishing off to do but earlier
  she'd said it would only take an hour or two. The wedding was the following
  week so there was some urgency to finish the dress but it seemed as if she
  was using this as an excuse to put a little distance between us. She needed
  time alone but I realised too much could lead to a rift. I had to think of
  a way of getting her to come back for the night. So we could cuddle and make
  up in bed.  
&quot;We christened the bed last night, tonight I'm christening the kitchen.
  I'll take you home now and pick you up at five ready for the gourmet meal I
  will have prepared.&quot; I hoped this might tempt her even if it was only
  to ridicule me a little.  
&quot;You can't cook.&quot; Her face brightened, knowing my culinary skills
  so far had been limited to microwaving ready-pack meals and opening tins.  
&quot;Mother gave me a couple of cookery books and it shouldn't be any more
  difficult than following techniques in my lab books.&quot;  
&quot;As long as you don't get the two muddled!&quot; she smiled and I thought
  a little of the cloud over had lifted.  
&quot;I know I have to peel the eggs before I use them as well!&quot; Again
  that brought a smile to her face.  
When it came to doing it, the instructions were fairly straightforward although
  perhaps the term gourmet meal might have been an exaggeration. I did have to
  phone Jenny once to clarify a couple of terms. &quot;How about inviting Ralph
  and me to this dinner party Derek?&quot; Jenny suggested half jokingly, &quot;I
  could try on the dress there as well and I would get to see your new place
  now you've more or less settled in. It's no more difficult to cook for four
  than two.&quot;  
&quot;But can the hospital cope with four cases of food poisoning at once?&quot; I
  quipped back, then wondered how she would react to a question like that.  
&quot;They can always call on more staff in an emergency.&quot; She laughed
  but her voice sounded a little strange.  
In fact the arrangement worked out for the best. Having others at the house
  brought Sarah's good spirits back and the meal turned out quite well even if
  the centre of the pudding did sink a bit. Ralph brought a bottle of wine and
  they stayed until mid evening when they decided they ought to get some more
  done on their own place. Jenny was thrilled with the dress and I thought it
  was fantastic and rightly guessed Sarah had put more work into it than the
  price warranted.  
Things went a little flat after they left and Sarah became moody again. Her
  mind would not let her believe that it didn't matter to me what she had done
  in the past. &lt;&lt;&quot;He's just saying the words I want to hear.
  I can't really believe him. I'm sure that sooner or later he will drop me as
  soon as he finds someone else. One of those clever students from the Uni. One
  that wants to get higher marks than she deserves&hellip;&quot;&gt;&gt;  I
  saw a tear run down her cheek and went to give her a hug but she reacted angrily
  and pushed me away, more forcibly than I expected and indeed, more forcibly
  than she intended. I fell back into the dining table and upset the vase of
  flowers. I righted the vase and she mopped up the water. &quot;I'm sorry Derek,
  I didn't mean to push you so hard,&quot; she apologised.  
&quot;You will be. I'll teach you to be a bad tempered bitch,&quot; I growled
  in my best mock severe voice.&quot;  
A slight smile came to her face. &quot;You'll have to catch me first.&quot; There
  followed a chase around the furniture where I didn't really try overly hard
  to get hold of her and she only half-heartedly tried to escape. Finally I got
  my arms around her waist and dragged her squealing to the settee.  
&quot;Now you're going to get it,&quot; I joked. Although she squirmed and
  struggled I finally released the button on her trousers and managed to lower
  them to her knees. Even though we were both chuckling and threatening each
  other with the direst punishments, she didn't give in and I had to use all
  my strength the get her over my lap and smack her arse. I laid on half a dozen
  'friendly' slaps without putting too much power behind them. I didn't want
  to hurt her. &lt;&lt;&quot;Don't be a wimp. Do it properly.&quot;&gt;&gt;   Picking
  up on her silent instructions I hit harder and reddened her bum with a few
  good swats and then pulled her knickers down and began spanking her again.
  I continued to spank until she started to cry although I felt mean doing so. &lt;&lt;&quot;That's
  enough. Fuck me now!&quot;&gt;&gt;   
&quot;Stop, stop Derek. You've punished me enough. I'm sorry I knocked the
  vase over. I'm sorry I was so grumpy.&quot; She started pleading out loud but
  didn't mention she wanted to be fucked.  
&quot;No you haven't. I haven't done with you yet my girl,&quot; I answered
  as crossly as I could but it was difficult to keep the grin out of my voice.
  She started to plead again when I picked her up and put her over the back of
  the settee. She thought I was going to continue spanking her and perhaps belt
  her like Terry had but instead I pushed my prick into her cunt and began to
  fuck her. &lt;&lt;&quot;I wonder if he'll try my arsehole?&quot;&gt;&gt;   I'd
  never done that to a girl but with my prick now slimy with all her juices and
  my pre-cum, I decided to try. She was no stranger to having it that way. I
  heard her gasp when I pushed my prick against her hole but she didn't protest.
  Then she seemed to relax and I was able to slowly insert it.  
&quot;Take it easy. It's been a long while since I've had it up there,&quot; she
  pleaded. I did. It was a totally new sensation for me but one that I found
  quite enjoyable. It wasn't long before I came and then had to tongue her to
  a climax.  
We showered and watched TV for a while before cuddling up in bed. Spanking
  her had eased the tension between us so it looked as if my gamble had paid
  off after all.  
Ring of Truth   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 8. Annabelle   
11th August 2004  
For the next few days mother was in a pre-wedding panic and being free, I
  was sent on innumerable errands. Fortunately it all came together on the day
  and the ceremony and reception all went without any serious hitches. Jenny's
  dress would not have disgraced a film star and evoked so many favourable comments
  that Sarah was almost embarrassed by them. Sarah too looked lovely in an outfit
  she'd made and it made me feel very proud just to stand alongside her. Several
  people suggested that she become a full time dressmaker but she is reluctant
  to give up a job with a regular income and one where she meets with a constant
  flow of people for the uncertainty of working for herself and largely by herself.
  I thought she might think more seriously about it if she came to live with
  me and would not have any rent to pay. She stayed with me again at the weekend
  but went back to her own place on Monday because it is within easy walking
  distance of the bakery. What with the chaos of the wedding together with arranging
  my stuff in the new house, it was the Tuesday evening after the wedding before
  I was able to get my computer up and running and scan in some more pages of
  the book. Finally I had the next episode ready to read.  
The Rape of Annabelle   
Beatie and I had lived in the house effectively as man and wife
      for about three months. The welts across her arse had healed nicely but
      the scars would always show. Twice in that time when I had invited guests
      she acted as mistress of the house. I dressed her in nice clothes and she
      ate at the table with us. For the rest of the time, she and Naomi were
      nominally servants although it was Beatie who always slept in my bed but
      Naomi joined us occasionally. The pair got on well together and Naomi tended
      to look on Beatie as her daughter and would let me know in no uncertain
      terms if she thought I wasn't treating her properly. On the whole we lived
      as a family. I also now employed an elderly gardener who kept our grounds
      reasonably tidy.   
My business dealings seemed to go from one success to another and
      I became tolerably rich and to enhance my place in society I sort to curry
      favour with the local landowners and gentry. Several times I visited Squire
      Trelawny and at one of these meetings I was introduced to Sidney Blakeley
      a farmer who owned a large estate to the east of us. The area immediately
      around his fine house was given over to parkland but the majority of his
      estate was set aside for horticulture, growing a wide variety of fruit
      and vegetables. He of course, didn't do any of the work but necessarily
      employed a sizeable workforce of men and boys. Some of the produce was
      shipped to various parts of the country and it must have been from the
      docks that stories of my power to elicit the truth from people eventually
      found their way to him. I rarely used the power these days and was always
      very careful about asking a direct question.   
It was with some surprise that one afternoon he rode to my home.
      Beatie answered the door and ushered him into the parlour and immediately
      I entered I could tell he was angry and in a troubled state and that it
      concerned his daughter. He shook hands but declined my offer of refreshment
      on the grounds that he needed to get back urgently and came directly to
      the point of his visit. &quot;Joshua, I understand from one of my men that
      you have the power of mesmerism and can draw forth the truth from an individual
      whether they want to admit it or not. Is that true?&quot;   
I decided to be a little circumspect about this especially as his
      mind told me that the reason for this audience was the rape of his daughter
      and the truth might not be what he really wanted to hear. &quot;I have
      been able to use that power in some circumstances sir,&quot; I answered. &quot;Pray
      from whom do wish me to try and draw the truth?&quot; He went on to tell
      me how on the previous day his daughter Annabelle had been accosted on
      her way to the stables and had been beaten with her own riding crop and
      raped by at least two men. She had not seen them because they had thrown
      a sack over her head as soon as she'd entered the stable door so she never
      had a sight of them. &quot;So it is likely to be some fellows in your employ,&quot; I
      stated.    
&quot;Most likely,&quot; he agreed, &quot;And I've been able to
      reduce those who could have the chance to have done this evil thing to
      about a dozen men and boys. There are three others but they are so old
      it is very unlikely to be them. Can you use your powers on them?&quot;   
Sensing a juicy story I thought for a moment, &quot;Sir, I feel
      it would be more profitable if I were to talk with your daughter first.
      I would wish to talk with her alone or, for propriety's sake, with Beatrice
      as a chaperone. Beatrice has been through a similar sort of situation and
      may well be able to provide some measure of comfort for the girl. From
      what you have said she has only given you the barest of details, probably
      because of the embarrassment of telling her father. She may be less averse
      to telling a stranger, one who is not part of her household especially
      as she has no mother she can confide in. When I have heard her story, we
      may well be able to reduce the number of suspects and get to the bottom
      of the matter before my power fades.&quot; Mr. Blakeley demurred for a
      while but in the end he reluctantly agreed.    
&quot;I will be there in little more than an hour,&quot; I told
      him, &quot;Please let your daughter know we are coming but say nothing
      of my power. Just inform her that I will be investigating the matter. Please
      also have the constables in attendance so they may take the men away when
      I finish.&quot; We shook hands and I asked the gardener to harness the
      pony and trap and told Beatie to dress nicely and be ready to go with me.   
Annabelle was not at all pleased to see us and made it very clear
      when her father left us, that she had no wish to speak on the matter and
      that she regarded us a fools that should not be interfering in her business.
      Her thoughts were even less pleasant. &lt;&lt;Stupid peasants. Their pathetic
      minds can have no idea what it is like for a woman of my breeding to be
      thrashed unmercifully and then subjected to such gross indecency.&quot;&gt;&gt;   
&quot;You are probably thinking that we can have no idea of what
      it is like to be beaten and raped,&quot; I started and noted the confusion
      in her thoughts that I seemed to know what she was thinking. It put her
      off balance for a moment. &quot;Beatrice, please show Miss Annabelle the
      result of the thrashing that preceded your rape.&quot; Beatie lifted her
      dress and blushed when she bent and showed Annabelle her bare bottom. The
      scars still showed very clearly. &quot;Those welts are nearly six months
      old,&quot; I informed the young girl, &quot;I trust yours are not as severe.&quot; Annabelle
      shook her head and a tear ran down one cheek.   
&quot;Now miss, I am going to ask you to sit in that nice soft
      chair and to look at me while I ask you a few questions. Questions which
      you will have to answer truthfully and fully.&quot; Still showing some
      disdain Annabelle sat on the settee with Beatie alongside her. At first
      she rejected Beatie's arm around her shoulders but finally accepted it
      when Beatie hugged her tighter.    
&quot;For this to work properly miss, I must ask you to look into
      my eyes.&quot; I went into my usual fake instructions and then went on, &quot;To
      narrow down the number of men that could have committed this crime I need
      to know what happened yesterday afternoon.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;I don't
      see why I should tell you anything you stupid merchantman.&quot;&gt;&gt; I
      ignored the thought knowing she had no option other than to tell me, &quot;You
      left the house and walked towards the stables. Exactly what happened when
      you got there?&quot; Her face took on that blank look that I knew so well
      and her voice lost its aggressiveness.   
I had a picture of her approaching a brown painted stable door,
      the top half was open and the head of a horse poked out. &quot;I opened
      the bottom half of the door and patted Thunder's neck and said, &quot;Hello
      fella, ready to go out?&quot; At that moment I felt a movement behind me
      and a thick sack was pulled over my head. I was totally blinded. My hands
      grabbed the sack to pull it off but before I could do so my wrists were
      pulled back and held together and I felt them being bound with cord. I
      tried screaming but another cord was pulled around the outside of the sack
      at the level of my mouth forcing the material inside and muffling my cries.
      No one spoke but I was dragged along into what I guessed from the steps,
      was the hay room. From the way they pulled my arms I knew there were at
      least two of them and one was taller than me. The other was less easy to
      tell so he may have been my size. One had studded boots that made a loud
      noise on the stone floor. I did try and work out who they might be but
      I soon had other things on my mind. They threw me on to the hay and started
      to unbutton my boots. I kicked but one sat on my knees while the other
      removed my boots. Worse was to come. They unlaced my riding dress all the
      way down the front and for a brief time they undid my wrists again so they
      could free the dress and when they fastened them again it was to one of
      the rails that keep the hay in place. Their hands felt big and clumsy when
      it came to undoing the laces of my bodice but they managed it even after
      the ring one wore caught in the lacy material and tore it. He swore and
      I thought it sounded like a young man. The cool air on my naked body caused
      goosebumps but worse were the hands that mauled my breasts and felt the
      opening between my legs. I heard a chuckle and again thought it was a younger
      person rather than one of the old men. Suddenly the hands left me. One
      of the men sat on my thighs. There was a swish and I felt a hellish pain
      across my breasts. I found out later that they used my riding whip to whip
      them. They hit them it seemed many times and Kate my maid, counted thirteen
      welts when she applied ointment later. I never thought a woman of my station
      in life would ever be expected to withstand such torture. Servants are
      used to it, not genteel ladies. The man got off my thighs and I was flipped
      over so I was lying on my tormented breasts causing them even more pain.
      I tried to scream but still only muffled sounds came out.&quot;    
Tears coursed freely down her face now and I allowed her a little
      respite before prodding her to continue.   
&quot;The man who'd sat on my thighs now held my ankles wide apart
      and I guessed he was looking at my cunnie. The dreaded swish came again
      and a line of pain crossed my buttocks. More and more I was hit until at
      last I did think I was going to faint. He stopped then and they put a log
      of wood under my stomach to raise my bottom up. The tall one, the one with
      the ring, put his finger in my cunnie and poked around then he took it
      out and I sensed him crawling between my legs and knew at that moment I
      was going to lose my maidenhead. I felt his pego at me and then he pushed
      it right it and started to roger me. It hurt, not just from the pain of
      the rogering but also from the way his loins hit my whipped bottom. Presently
      he stopped and I guessed he'd loosed his seed. The other man took his place
      and was a little more gentle, but the pain was still really awful. I hoped
      it was all over when he finished and they stood up but the respite was
      only to allow them to pee all over my body. It made my welts sting even
      more and the stench was disgusting. One of them left the crop lying across
      my back and I heard them leave. I lay there for hours before I heard Jethro's
      voice. &quot;Good God, Miss Annabelle, what's happened to you?&quot; I
      heard him call to someone else telling them to get two of the maids to
      help and then he untied my wrists and took off my hood. It felt good to
      breathe properly but the pain was so great I forgot I was still naked in
      front of Jethro until Kate came and sent him for a blanket and ushered
      him out. Father was furious and rounded up all the men but none would of
      course admit to knowing anything about it.&quot;   
&quot;So one of the men was tall, wore hobnailed boots and wore
      a ring. Is that correct?&quot; I asked noticing that she was cradling herself
      more into Beatie now.    
&quot;Yes sir.&quot;   
&quot;And the ring must have been a decorative one rather than
      a simple band otherwise it wouldn't have caught in your dress. Is that
      so?&quot;   
&quot;Yes sir.&quot;   
&quot;Have you had any of the men servants punished lately Miss
      Annabelle?&quot;    
&quot;Quite a few. They are all so incompetent but none for the
      last week or two.&quot;   
&quot;Thank you Miss Annabelle, I'm sorry to have caused you such
      distress but I feel certain now we shall know the culprits before the day
      is out. Perhaps you would like Miss Beatrice to stay with you for a while.
      She can provide some comfort without you have to retell the story.&quot; I
      rang the bell and a maid appeared and took me to Sidney Blakeley. Not only
      had he the two constables with him but had asked his friend Judge Davidson
      to be in attendance too.   
Without saying what I had heard from his daughter, I asked him
      to get the dozen or so suspects into a room together. The barn was deemed
      the most suitable and soon the motley assortment of men were lined up along
      one wall. They'd all been questioned before so they knew what it was about
      and as soon as I entered I could tell from their thoughts who the guilty
      ones were. Even if I hadn't had that ability, it was fairly obvious that
      the tall man with the prominent ring was the prime suspect. However, I
      decided to make a little drama of it. First I walked the whole length of
      the line and back again. Even those that were innocent felt a little nervous
      and apprehensive at what I was doing. &quot;I wish to question, that one
      and that one,&quot; I informed Sidney as I pointed to the two guilty men. &quot;Please
      have their wrists tied so there can be no violence towards me.&quot; There
      was a brief struggle as both men tried to escape but they were already
      surrounded by ten other young men who were relieved not to be accused of
      the crime.    
The lanky one was swearing at me but also wondering how I so unerringly
      picked the two of them out. &quot;Your name sir.&quot; I didn't wish to
      pose a direct question at this stage so it would be more of a shock to
      him when I did.   
&quot;Harry Jacobs,&quot; he answered sullenly, &quot;And you have
      no right to have me and him tied up like this. We didn't do nuthin'.&quot;   
&quot;Oh but you did sir, as well you know.&quot; I looked him
      in the eyes, &quot;You did this terrible deed to Miss Annabelle, didn't
      you Jacobs?&quot;   
In front of everyone he answered, &quot;Yes, sir, I did.&quot;   
&quot;And did this man help?&quot; I pointed to the shorter man,   
&quot;Yes sir, he did.&quot;   
I suggested that we dismiss the rest of the men and adjourn to
      an office where the constables and the judge could hear the full story.
      It was however, with the greatest difficulty that we restrained Mr. Blakeley
      from grievously harming the two men. A few days later I was asked to interview
      the men in front of another judge, Judge Martin, and both gave much the
      same story as Annabelle's. I was curious as to the reasons behind the attack
      and asked Jacobs, &quot;Why did you attack Miss Annabelle in this way?&quot;    
&quot;She's a spiteful bitch,&quot; he replied. Even in the dullness
      of his forced reply we could sense the venom of his words. &quot;She's
      always flaunting herself and when Fred and me looked and I commented on
      the size of her tits she had us both birched. That was some months back
      but we resolved to get our revenge. And we did.&quot;   
Judge Martin remarked on that when he sentenced them. &quot;It
      is now society's turn to get their revenge for such a despicable act.&quot; He
      donned the black cap and sentenced them to the gallows. They would not
      bother Miss Annabelle any more except that she was already pregnant by
      one of them. In her favour I must add that she did bring up the child like
      a true son and continued to care for him even after she married and had
      children by her husband.   
Ring of Truth   
by obohobo  
Warnings   
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS  
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2005  
Prologue   
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties,
  I, Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence.  
Dr. Derek Meeks.  
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you.  
Blog 9. Kathleen's ordeal   
September 22nd 2004  
The university was again in full swing. I'd started my research project,
  which was a continuation of the work I did for my doctorate. Now though I had
  a PhD student under me. He was a sporty type so we don't have much in common
  socially but he is fairly clued up on the work we have to do. Much of it is
  routine, mundane stuff. Setting up an experiment and seeing and recording the
  result on a database. Then repeating it twice to check the results only to
  find they were negative for our purpose. Life as a research worker is not all
  the glamour of finding new methods and drugs to cure all ailments. Much of
  it is real boring stuff and for weeks or months little progress seems to be
  made. Often it is only minor tweaks to the composition of the ingredients that
  makes all the difference. It is the rare occasions when something positive
  materialises that makes it all worth while.  
Such is the life of a research worker, that I often voluntarily worked well
  into the evenings at the Uni but that had the advantage that I could use the
  cafeteria and the facilities of the faculty staff room. The disadvantage of
  the cafeteria was the noise level. Even without the ring, at busy times the
  general noise from the students talking make it difficult to think let alone
  hold a conversation in normal speech. Add to this the jumble of thoughts that
  came though the ring and the noise level rises to an unacceptable level. I
  did find that turning the ring so the stone was inside my palm reduced its
  effectiveness considerably. Even so I always tried to choose the least busy
  times to get a meal.  
I have only been back little more than a week but in that time I seem to
  have grown adept at eavesdropping on the thoughts of individuals, particularly
  lone girl students. Mostly they are on prosaic things, lectures, washing, shopping,
  possible dates and such like, but sometimes they reminisce on the boys they
  have been with and what they might do together on a future date. I was amazed
  at the vulgar thoughts coming from what outwardly appeared to be innocent young
  students. I was also amazed at what they thought of their friends, friends
  they might well be walking along the path with.  
At first I felt guilty at listening in to private thoughts but as the week
  wore on, I became less interested in them unless they concerned me which wasn't
  very often. However twice already I've been able to anticipate suggestions
  from my superior and put them forward before he suggested them. Undoubtedly
  that added a few Brownie points to my credit sheet. He's a good guy anyway
  and I've already worked under him for two years. Yesterday evening though,
  the ring put me in a situation that I doubt I can handle but I am determined
  to try.  
I finished an experiment early, had dinner in the cafeteria and went to the
  library to look up some references. It was almost empty. One girl I recognised
  as Kathleen McCogan, a PhD student a year below me who worked in a lab further
  along the corridor from mine, sat in a corner with her back to me, her head
  in her hands and an open folder on the desk in front of her. I was aghast at
  her thoughts.  
&lt;&lt;&quot;&hellip;that bastard Rowlandson! Just as I seem to
      be getting somewhere with my project he orders me to change course so I
      have to start over again. Just like last term. Pervert! He'll make it so
      that I have to fuck him in order to get a pass mark. And he'll make me
      do even more obscene things than last time, if that is possible. I'll be
      lucky to even complete a project. All these years wasted. Just to become
      his whore. It's not worth going on. Why should I suffer more spankings,
      more filthy fuck sessions and now he's hinted that I will be hired out
      to his friends. No, life will not be worth living. Might as well go to
      my room, take those pills I've pinched from the lab. If they put the rats
      to sleep they should send me to a long sleep myself&hellip;&gt;&gt;&quot;   
I listened in to her thoughts for a while longer and debated what to do.
  I'd heard a vague rumour that Professor Rowlandson blackmailed a student when
  I was in my second year at university but hadn't heard anything since. Now
  it seemed as if it was happening again and to a girl I knew and liked although
  we only ever passed the time or day or spoke on work related subjects.  
&quot;Hi Kathleen,&quot; I greeted her and sat down at the opposite side
  of her table. Tears were running down her cheeks and she barely acknowledged
  me. &quot;Heh, it can't be that bad. Tears like that mean either boyfriend
  of professor trouble.&quot; I waited for a response but it wasn't forthcoming
  but she did open her eyes enough to look at me. &quot;Which?&quot; I asked
  knowing she would have to reply.  
&quot;Rowlandson. I don't want to talk about it Derek. It will be over soon.&quot;  
&quot;He's making life difficult for you and demanding sex like he did for
  that other student I suppose,&quot; I commented and she nodded but looked surprised
  that I even knew anything about it. &quot;You do need to talk about it Kathleen
  otherwise your life will be wasted.&quot;  
&quot;I could never tell anyone. It's too disgusting. I'd be too ashamed
  to speak the words. No one can help now.&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes they can.&quot; I stated more confidently than I felt, &quot;He
  mustn't be allowed to get away with it. First though we need to find out the
  facts and that does mean hearing the full story and from what I suspect it
  doesn't just involve normal sex. Is that true?&quot;  
&quot;Yes,&quot; she murmured quietly.  
I reached out and took one of her hands in mine. &quot;Kathy, this is not
  the place to discuss this. Come home with me and we can talk it out there.
  I don't want to come in tomorrow and find them taking you away in a body bag.
  That would be too horrible to contemplate. You don't have to worry that I will
  do anything to you except get you to talk, in fact I will ask my girlfriend
  Sarah to be with us. She's our age and isn't a gossip. Come, bring your book
  and we'll go.&quot; He mind was full of doubts and she still wanted to just
  end it all. &quot;Kathy, give life another chance. Give me a chance to help.&quot; Slowly
  she nodded her agreement.  
Sarah was a little annoyed when I asked her to come and said she was working
  on a dress but after I was able to explain the circumstances she finally agreed.
  I could hear her jealousy in her mind when I drove to her house and she saw
  Kathy in the front seat. This attractive student was in the seat she always
  occupied. &lt;&lt;&quot;Is she his Uni girlfriend? Is he fucking
  her midweek and me at weekends?&quot;&gt;&gt;   However, her attitude
  softened when she noticed Kathy was shaking and the tears streaming down her
  face.  
When I introduced the two, the tears became sobs. &lt;&lt;&quot;Why
      can't I find myself a nice caring boyfriend? Why do I have to submit to
      that dirty sod that's my boss?&quot;&gt;&gt;  Kathy scolded
      herself. I could hear Sarah's mind gradually warm to the girl and, although
      neither of them spoke, Sarah leaned forward and put her hand on Kathy's
      shoulder.  
Neither Sarah nor Kathy had eaten so I microwaved a ready pack meal and brewed
  some tea. In doing so I left them together in the lounge and heard them hesitantly
  talking to each other but by the time I returned they were talking more freely.
  We talked about general things until I cleared the plates away and had Kathy
  sitting opposite me.  
I started my spiel. &quot;Kathy, I think Sarah knows what I am going to try
  to do. I did it to her once and I know she found it a little traumatic at first
  but she will probably agree with me when I say it worked out for the best.
  At least now she doesn't have to hide behind her past.&quot; Sarah nodded her
  agreement. &quot;What I will do is ask you to tell us what has been going on
  between you and Professor Rowlandson. When I ask that as a direct question,
  you will have to answer honestly and truthfully. You will be unable to avoid
  answering. Once we know what has been going on, then we may be able to see
  a way of preventing it happening again. I must emphasise that once I ask the
  question you will have no will power to evade answering. No way at all. Sarah
  will confirm that.&quot;  
&quot;It's true Kathy. I don't know how he does it and he doesn't seem to
  know either, but no matter how embarrassing it is, and mine was really embarrassing,
  you will have to answer truthfully. He gets inside your mind somehow. A kind
  of hypnotism thing. I kept trying to keep my mouth shut but it kept opening
  and my tongue told him everything about my past that I wanted to hide from.
  If you are afraid of us hearing your story, then you'd better leave now.&quot; Sarah
  gave her opinion.  
&quot;But think Kathy,&quot; I went on, &quot;If I hadn't happened along
  you'd be in a coma now after swallowing those pills.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;How
  did he know about that?&quot;&gt;&gt;  she wondered,  &lt;&lt;&quot;I
  never told him about the rat pills.&quot;&gt;&gt;  . &quot;We can
  only help you Kathy if we know what's been going on, no matter how perverted
  and disgusting it may seem to you. It may be traumatic for you Kathy but it's
  not nearly as final a death.&quot;  
&quot;My previous life was pretty disgusting too Kathy and I told him everything
  but he took it without condemning me and did all he could to help me get over
  it.&quot; Sarah added her two pennyworth.  
I could hear the thoughts going through Kathy's mind as she debated whether
  or not to allow me to ask questions. Still she half believed she would not
  be forced to reveal everything and thought she could part answer me. &quot;Okay,&quot; she
  said finally, &quot;What do you want to ask?&quot;  
&quot;What hold has Bernie Rowlandson over you? And what does he force you
  to do when you are together?&quot; I thought of how Joshua had got the juiciest
  information out of Annabelle but I was by no means certain that similar information
  from Kathleen wouldn't upset rather than titillate me.  
Her face took on that mask-like look and her voice a monotone that I had
  become to know well. &quot;It started midway through last year. We were studying
  various common chemicals used in industry and their possible carcinogenic properties.
  I'd start the experiments and get the results from two and be partway through
  the third when he would order me to try something different. As you know each
  experiment has to produce a similar result three times in a row before any
  data from it can be used or thought conclusive. This happened four times so
  by the time of my assessment by him, I didn't have any data on which to base
  my coursework. He said he would have to fail me and I would have to go back
  two years and start a different course. I railed at him and he suggested we
  discus it at his house. He's always a smooth talker and while I guessed he
  might want to have sex with me I agreed. In fact I had little option but to
  do otherwise.&quot;  
&quot;You could have complained to the Bursar,&quot; I interrupted.  
&quot;It wouldn't have done any good. He and Rowlandson are buddies. Anyway
  I went thinking I could stave off any sexual attempts, but he told me bluntly
  that if I didn't let him fuck me, he would fail me and I could go home and
  start again with the new term or go out and look for a job. I cried, I pleaded
  with him that I had never done it before but that seemed to make him all the
  more determined. In the end I gave in. He undressed me in his bedroom and played
  with my tits for some time before he stripped off himself. I was made to look
  and play with his prick, which was already hard and he seemed proud of its
  size but I had nothing to compare it with. That first time he took a good deal
  of trouble to make sure I was aroused and ready for him, even so, his entry
  was painful and I remember yelling out when he burst my hymen. Later it became
  a little more pleasurable but I didn't really enjoy it. I just felt disgusted
  and dirty.&quot;  
Kathy paused for a few moments. &quot;I hoped I would be allowed to go after
  that but he brought in some wine and I had a glass and passed out. I've no
  idea what he put in it. I came to about midnight and found him lying alongside
  me with the bedclothes covering us. My movements woke him and he held me and
  fucked me for the second time. Next morning I was resolved to complain to the
  authorities but he showed me photos he'd taken with his digital camera and
  printed off while I was drugged and he threatened to publish them on the web
  and show them around at Uni. 'Like it or not Kathy dear, you are going to keep
  coming here and we will be taking our relationship to higher levels. In return
  you get to stay on at the university,' he told me. He agreed that it was blackmail
  but said that if I complained it would be easy to convince people that I offered
  him my body in return for being given a pass grade.&quot;  
Tears were falling down her face and I began to feel very guilty about putting
  her through this but I told myself that it was for her own good and somewhere
  in her story there would be some evidence we could use against him.  
&quot;About a fortnight later on a Friday he commanded me to go to his home
  again. This time he harshly told me to strip off and get on the bed, he was
  already in his dressing gown. 'Suck me,' he ordered after he'd thrown the gown
  over a chair. I shook my head no, but he grabbed my wrists and slipped a loop
  of rope over them and tied them to the bars of the bed. He must have expected
  my reaction and had the rope handy. 'You don't say no to me you little slut,'
  he yelled and gripped me around the waist with his left arm and spanked my
  arse as hard as he could with right. I was soon blubbering and pleading for
  him to stop and saying I would suck him but he took his time before he released
  me and again offered his prick to my mouth. Apparently my efforts were not
  very good and he had to keep thrusting himself into my throat until he came
  and flooded my tonsils with his semen. There was no choice, I had to swallow
  the stuff because he held my head to his groin for several minutes before he
  withdrew. At one point while I was sucking him, he took his camera and photographed
  me several times with his prick in my mouth. My face showed clearly but only
  part of his prick could be seen. One picture in particular showed me looking
  up along his belly at the camera with my mouth stuffed with half his prick.
  I felt sick at the sight of it. Again he threatened to show the pictures around
  the Uni. 'I hope you enjoyed the taste,' he said, 'Because you will get to
  taste it after every fuck from now on even after it has been shoved up your
  arse. And that's where it is going before you go back to your dorm. Girls like
  you should have had all their holes reamed out long before they get to your
  age.' I could only sob with the utter degradation of what I was being made
  to do.&quot;  
&quot;The bastard kept me naked at his house for the whole weekend. He fucked
  me normally but did it hard before we went to sleep and for the first time
  I did have a climax and he did force me to suck him afterwards. In the morning
  he again tied my wrists but this time it was so I could not escape when he
  fucked my bottom hole. He put some Vaseline up there first by even so it was
  very painful. He had me many times that weekend and thereafter once or twice
  a month but always it was done in a way that would disgust and humiliate me.
  Most weekends I received a spanking too. I almost didn't return after the summer
  break and just prayed that he wouldn't demand my services and that I would
  be allowed to do my project properly. Yesterday when I was almost at the end
  of the third experiment and getting the results I expected, he came and turned
  the equipment off and whispered, 'My house this weekend.' Deciding I couldn't
  face it any more, I slipped a box of the rat sedatives into my purse and thought
  I would end my own life. That's when you came into the library.&quot;  
Sarah went and hugged Kathy when she finished answering the question and
  both girls sat crying on the settee. I apologised several times for asking
  the question and making her answer it and in many ways I felt guilty but I
  also felt we had enough information now to find a solution to the problem without
  Kathy committing suicide. The professor's actions appalled me and Kathy's story
  was so moving I didn't even get an erection. It certainly didn't titillate
  me in any way. I started to think of ways to stop him once and for all times.
  Getting Kathy moved to another lab probably wouldn't end her torment and would
  negate the work she'd already done. Only Rowlandson's removal or subservience
  would help. I pondered how we could achieve this without spoiling Kathy's chances
  of getting her doctorate. For a little while I left them alone and went to
  the kitchen and opened a bottle of wine. Returning to the lounge I received
  somewhat resentful looks from the girls but I waited until we'd all downed
  a glass before bringing up the matter of how we were to bring about Rowlandson's
  downfall.  
&quot;You could walk into his office and ask him what he does to Kathy and
  record his answers,&quot; Sarah suggested after we'd thrown some other impractical
  ideas around.  
&quot;His office is almost a thoroughfare. Students in and out all the time,&quot; commented
  Kathy, &quot;And he's at a conference until Friday.&quot;  
&quot;So I guess you can survive a few more days in the lab if he's not there.&quot; Kathy
  agreed that she could. &quot;Your idea of recording his answers is a good one
  though Sarah,&quot; I went on and thinking aloud, &quot;We could try and record
  it at his house. I wonder if we could slip in on Friday with Kathy.&quot;  
&quot;He makes sure all the doors are locked after I enter. He's keen to
  make sure no one can get in or see in,&quot; said Kathy. &quot;He's got security
  lights too.&quot;  
Eventually we hashed out a plan but it all hinged on a surprise element to
  get us inside the house. I also expressed my worries that Kathy would have
  to sit through hearing the story of what he did to her again but she was resolute
  in saying she would go through with it. &quot;You both know now. It's out in
  the open. It may upset me but at least I will know he will be the one that
  is going to be worried sick.&quot;  
It was late by the time we'd finished and Sarah was worried about Kathy if
  she was left alone. I gallantly offered the two of them my king-size bed and
  I slept in the guestroom. I heard them whispering for a while behind the closed
  door but I didn't listen in to their thoughts.  
September 25th 2004  
Morning. Sarah is at work and I drove Kathy into town with her. Both slept
  here last night but I did sleep with Sarah and Kathy had the guest bed.  
Things went more or less according to plan yesterday. Sarah was able to borrow
  a video camera from the husband of a woman she'd made a wedding dress for.
  Now, not only would we record his speech, we'd record his mannerisms and appearance
  as well. Kathy stopped a little before Bernard's house and let us out so we
  could slip around the back of the house. The windows were all blacked out.
  We guessed he wouldn't be looking for intruders around the back even though
  for a large part of the time we were brightly lit by the powerful lights. I
  gave Sarah the sheet of glass I'd brought along and then waited at a corner
  of the house close to the door and watched Kathy as she rang the bell. As soon
  as the door started to open I signalled to Sarah and she threw the glass against
  the wall where it shattered with a loud crash! Bernard distracted for a moment
  thinking someone had broken a window, turned back into the room and this allowed
  me to rush passed Kathy and push the professor to the floor. Sarah and Kathy
  came in and helped me tie his wrists. He was of course furious and threatened
  the girls and me with all sorts of dire consequences. I locked the door and
  we dragged the bound man into the lounge where we plonked him in an armchair
  and bound him to it. Sarah took the video camera out of her pack and checked
  it was working. Rowlandson continued to berate us loudly but his thoughts told
  me he was inwardly very worried at seeing the camera and especially at seeing
  Kathy with us. I told him I would explain what was happening and that he would
  be given a chance to speak shortly but he continued to bluster and swear at
  us.  
With his swearing continuing in the background, I spoke for the benefit of
  the camera. &quot;This is Professor Bernard Rowlandson and he is here to tell
  us about the activities that he carries out in his home here with some of his
  female students and in particular with Kathleen McCogan.&quot;  
&quot;I'll tell you nothing Meeks except that you'll end up in jail for this.&quot; However,
  for all his words we could tell he was extremely worried especially as Kathy
  was standing in front of him and he knew she must obviously have told us about
  what he did to her.  
&quot;I'm sorry to disappoint you professor. When I ask the questions you
  will answer them, fully and honestly.&quot; I sat in front of him and for the
  others I did the ritual of looking him in the eyes. &quot;Why did you blackmail
  Kathleen McCogan into coming here? And going back to the first and subsequent
  times, what acts did you force her to perform for you?&quot;  
The man's face went blank and he started to tell us his version of the events. &quot;I
  thought I could blackmail her quite easily because she was such a timid student
  and had few friends. Just like Caroline Harper a few years ago. I thought it
  would be great to have a sex slave again. It was easy enough for someone in
  my position to make life so difficult she had to agree to come here and once
  here to seduce and rape her and to produce further evidence that would bind
  her to me.&quot; He went on to give the details that Kathy had already told
  us. He didn't appear at all ashamed of what he had done although from his flat
  tone of voice, it was difficult to tell. I looked across to Kathy but she was
  staring blankly at the wall to one side of Rowlandson.  
I questioned him further when he'd finished his account of the things he'd
  done to Kathy. &quot;What about this Caroline Harper?&quot;  
&quot;She failed to get her degree but I managed to get her a place with
  a madam in a London hotel &ndash; well brothel. By the time she'd got to the
  end of her university time, she was well versed in having several men one after
  the other. Like Kathy would by the end of the coming term.&quot;  
&quot;Where are the pictures of Kathy?&quot; Little by little I wormed out
  the location of the pictures from him and was able to delete the files completely
  from his computer and used his shredder to destroy the hard copies in his drawer
  and under his mattress. By the time I'd finished questioning him, he looked
  very cowed and dejected. He was totally afraid of what I was making him reveal
  and the fact that it was all being recorded. Mentally at first he kept swearing
  and cursing Kathy for telling us but as I continued to question him, more and
  more his thoughts were on what we would do now that we had his confession.
  He kept visualising a court appearance and being incarcerated in prison and
  I let him keep turning this over in his mind while the three of us had a quiet
  conference on what to do next. Finally I went to him.  
&quot;Now we come to what we are going to do with you. It is only by chance
  that I came across Kathy sitting weeping in the library the other evening and
  persuaded her to tell me what was the matter. Had I not done so you would have
  returned from your conference to find her dead and with a note in police hands
  incriminating you. We should probably still go to the police and hand over
  this tape but that would mean a long drawn out trial and more grief for Kathy.
  We will hold that as an insurance policy and indeed we'll get copies made that
  can be kept in safe places. Nor do we believe it will it help to her if we
  make you leave the university. You have managed to keep her projects away from
  others in your lab so only you know what she was doing so even if Dr. Worth
  took over, he and she would almost have to start from scratch again. So here's
  what we plan to do. Firstly you will do all in your power to help Kathy get
  her doctorate and that means doing some of the routine work yourself under
  her supervision as well as sharing your undoubted knowledge and expertise.
  She needs to make up a lot of time that you deliberately wasted. Secondly,
  you must now realise I have this power that can make you answer questions honestly.
  I will visit you frequently and ask such questions as is necessary to find
  out that you are helping her and that you are not trying to seduce other students.
  In other words, I will be like your supervisor. However I will do it in such
  a way as not to seemingly undermine your position in the Uni. Do you agree
  to that? Or would you prefer the police route?&quot;  
Forced to answer, he agreed. &quot;Remember,&quot; I went on, &quot;She is
  in charge of you as far as the work she is doing goes. Remember also, that
  should you decide that we have left it too long to take the tape to the police,
  we can always ask them to investigate the Carol Harper affair.&quot; By this
  time the man's face was white and he looked ten years older but he seemed a
  little relieved that he wouldn't be imprisoned, at least not for the time being.
  His thoughts showed a mixture of anger and resignation but I believe he will
  do what he agreed to. We decided not to start any work on Kathy's project until
  Monday so as to give everyone a chance to come to terms with the new arrangement.  
I called to see Jean after dropping off the girls. The house is coming along
  fine although there still seems a lot to do and the backyard is full of builder's
  supplies. She's invited us to tea at her house tonight.  
Ring of Truth 
by obohobo 
Warnings 
Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 
Prologue 
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 
Blog 10. The abduction of Chloe de Haviland 
October 6th 2004 
I've visited Kathy several times in the past week and there seems to be an
  uneasy truce between her and Professor Rowlandson but her work seems to be
  progressing now. I had quite a long chat with her over an early dinner in the
  cafeteria today and she said that he had put forward several good ideas which
  she was following up and he had set up a couple of the experiments himself.
  My conversation with her was observed by my student who suggested that I might
  be two-timing Sarah and I'm letting him believe that for he time being. It
  might help me explain why I pop into her lab every so often. I like Kathy but
  Sarah's my girlfriend. Rowlandson always looks worried when I enter his lab
  and his thoughts show a hatred for me but I've not done anything to upset his
  authority with any of the staff or his students although some do seem surprised
  that he is now taking an interest in Kathy's work. 
Tea with Jean last weekend went very well as I expected it would. We seemed
  to be laughing and teasing each other all the time. Sarah accused Jean of paying
  me to abduct her to The Swan on that first night and in doing so had changed
  the course of her life. &quot;Now I seem to be stuck with him!&quot; she said
  with mock indignation. 
&quot;Well it was one way of getting out of going to Miriam's party,&quot; Jean
  grinned. &quot;Would you rather I had kept him for myself?&quot; My mind quickly
  remembered the shower and the bed episode that followed but I said nothing.
  I don't think I even blushed. 
I also met Sarah's mother Sally for the first time. Her husband wasn't home
  and we only stayed an hour but I found her to be a likeable woman. Down to
  earth and practical. I guessed Sarah takes after her. I learned from her thoughts
  she was little concerned that her daughter had taken up with a professor (her
  mind promoted me!) and not someone of her own class. I hope that in time, as
  she gets to know me better, she will see me as a normal sort of person, rather
  than a highly intellectual and ineffective being. 
I had to come to town on Tuesday morning to visit the library there to consult
  a local reference book they had so I called in at the bakery. Sarah was out
  the back and Maggie served me. &quot;So she going to move in with you soon,&quot; she
  remarked. 
&quot;First I've heard of it,&quot; I answered and Maggie looked at me a little
  strangely.  &lt;&lt;&quot;Ooops! I shouldn't have said that,&quot;&gt;&gt;  her
  thoughts told me. 
&quot;Sorry,&quot; she apologised, &quot;I thought you two had talked it over.&quot; 
&quot;Don't worry Maggie, I didn't hear anything. We've talked about it but
  she seems very reluctant to make the decision. The ghost of Terry keeps haunting
  her.&quot; I knew Sarah had considered it but was still reluctant to commit
  herself and to lose the independence of having her own place. Obviously she
  had discussed it with her work mate so perhaps she was nearer to making the
  decision than I knew. She did spend as much time as she could with me but with
  dresses to make and her sewing machine and materials at her place, this was
  not as much as either of us liked. I'd already argued that it would help her
  financially if she didn't have to pay rent on her apartment and she might even
  be able to afford a small car. She knows it will be a little while before I
  earn enough to buy one for her or even to keep her but maybe in a year or so
  that might change. I've decided not to broach the subject again to let her
  decide in her own time. I've had my first real pay cheque and this has increased
  my bank balance to an amount higher than it has ever been before. I wanted
  to pay Jean back but she insisted I wait until my next cheque and I knew just
  what my expenses for a month would be. That was really considerate of her. 
Mum and Dad seem to be getting along better now. Dad's certainly more in control
  of her. He insisted that she goes out and gets a job, which she did at a local
  supermarket. She's a shop girl now so she cannot taunt Sarah with that term
  in a derisory way. According to Jenny, Dad said that if she had so much spare
  time she had to fill it by going to a sex club, she might as well do a job
  that brought in some money. Mother of course was dead against it at first but
  now she is getting to know the others there, she seems to be enjoying it. 
I have finished scanning in Joshua's book but for each blog, I have to type
  it in as text. The main problem is finding the time to do it. I'm not a trained
  typist but I can get along quite quickly even if I do have to look at the keys.
  Fortunately I have been able to transfer the JPG files to a laptop and have
  them up on screen alongside my computer. I can now read the text and type it
  in without jumping from one programme to another. Here's the next episode that
  I've just finished typing. The story must have affected Joshua a great deal
  because he wrote of it in considerable length and with great clarity. I will
  break it down into shorter parts so there is not very long gaps in these blogs
  (and to save my fingers! Maybe I will have to try reading it into a voice recognition
  programme and see how that works.). 
Lady Chloe de Haviland 
We had been in the house in Poplar about two years when late one October
    afternoon there was a vigorous pull on the doorbell. We weren't expecting
    visitors so I was surprised at the sound. We'd already lit the lamps because
    the weather had been murky and wet all day and peering out into the near
    darkness I could see the rain battering hard against the panes. A pony and
    trap stood on the roadway with the driver trying to control the rather frisky
    animal. No doubt the rumbles of thunder were making it nervous. I heard Naomi
    say, &quot;Please come in M'lady. I'll tell Master Joshua you are here.&quot; Naomi
    bustled into the parlour where I was trying to coax some life into the fire, &quot;Lady
    Chloe de Haviland is here, Sir. She's wet through poor thing.&quot; I'd met
    her at several functions that I had attended in order to socialise with the
    gentry and she had been to the house twice previously, thus Naomi knew her. 
Chloe was a down to earth woman who called a spade a spade and who would
    converse with the servants as readily as with the high-born. I always had
    a warm affection for her even though she was perhaps twenty years or more
    my senior. &quot;Good afternoon Lady de Haviland,&quot; I greeted her, &quot;If
    you please, would you come into the kitchen where it is warmest. The parlour
    fire has only just been lit. You must have had an ill day to be travelling
    in this inclement weather.&quot; 
&quot;Indeed Joshua it has been a most vexing day and I am in sore need
    of some warmth and dry clothing but also Thomas my driver is outside and
    I fear he is just as wet and cold as me.&quot; It pleased me that the lady
    thought of her servant's situation as well as her own. 
&quot;Shall I go to him Joshua and tell him where to stable the pony and
    to come to the house as soon as he can?&quot; Naomi asked. I readily agreed. 
Beatrice arrived and curtseyed. &quot;Don't stand on ceremony today Beatie,
    I'm no more than a drowned rat at the moment. Do you think you might find
    me something dry to wear?&quot; Chloe asked. 
&quot;I'm sorry M'lady but I think only Joshua's clothing is near your
    size. I'm much too small and Naomi's will go round you several times. He
    does have a warm nightshirt that is clean or I can find some blankets to
    wrap you in until your clothes dry. With only the two of us women here we
    have no need of an extensive wardrobe.&quot; 
Beatie apologised again and so did I but Chloe smiled. &quot;Don't worry
    yourselves. It is me that is intruding. The nightshirt will do fine and I
    sure have worn worse in the past. I had visions from her mind of her in rough
    sailor's garb but they were only fleeting glimpses and her thoughts were
    more on the warmth coming from the kitchen range. I'd heard stories that
    when she was a young girl she'd been captured and taken to France by a band
    of ruffians who kept her as a servant mistress for several years before she
    was finally released. 
Naomi returned and shook the cloak she'd had over her head. &quot;It's
    an awful night out. You'll not be wanting to go out again it M'lady. Shall
    I see to airing the spare room and the beds sir?&quot; 
I was about to agree when Chloe surprised everyone. &quot;No need to bother
    with any of that. I'll share Joshua's bed. You won't mind will you?&quot; she
    asked. 
&quot;Of course not.&quot; She must have seen the look on Beatie's face
    who had just returned with my nightshirt, because she went on, &quot;Don't
    worry Beatie, I'm not taking him away from you. Probably the bed is big enough
    for all three of us. Now help me off with these wet things if you please.
    Maybe I can get Joshua's bedtime shirt on before Thomas comes in.&quot; Unconcernedly
    she undressed and allowed Beatie to help while she dried herself in front
    of us and was still naked when Thomas, (I never did find out if that was
    his Christian name or his surname), knocked and came into the kitchen. Still
    Chloe's thoughts were more concerned with getting dry and warm than the fact
    she was completely undressed and in a room with two men who most socialites
    would consider her inferiors. I deemed the woman to still be in good shape
    for her age and wondered if she would expect me to service her in bed that
    night. I'd had older women but none as old as her. 
Naomi took charge of Thomas. &quot;You just face the other way young man,&quot; she
    ordered, &quot;And start to get your wet things off. Quickly now,&quot; she
    went on when he hesitated realising that he was in a room with three women,
    one of whom was her ladyship. &quot;I'm sure M'lady won't wish you to be
    coughing and sneezing when you drive her home on the morrow.&quot; Thomas
    was no match for the forthright Naomi and did as he was told. 
By now Chloe sat clothed in my shirt and a pair of thick woollen socks
    while Beatie brushed the tangles from her wet hair. &quot;I look like a comical
    peasant girl,&quot; she laughed at herself, &quot;So that's how you'll treat
    me while I'm here. No more of this M'lady stuff, I'm plain Chloe until I'm
    wearing my own clothes again. Did you hear that Thomas? It applies to you
    too. We're all equals here especially as we are quite dependent on the hospitality
    of our hosts. I am most grateful for that and I'm sure Thomas is too Joshua.
    It will be like the old times when I was a servant at the chateaux.&quot; Her
    statement again surprised us all and in turn we all replied, &quot;Yes miss
    Chloe. My two girls had a fit of the giggles, which started everyone off
    and soon the atmosphere was one akin to a party of friends. Only Thomas remained
    somewhat aloof and bemused by it all. 
Chloe helped Beatie arrange the wet clothes around the back of the range
    to dry. &quot;Shall I set the table in the dining room Josh?&quot; Beatie
    enquired of me. 
Chloe again interrupted. &quot;Seems as if you have already set the table
    here so we can just add a couple of extra places. It's warm here too and
    less trouble to cart the food through. I said not to treat us like royalty
    and I meant it. I'll do my share of work and you can make sure Thomas does
    his.&quot; Without her fine dress she did indeed seem like one of us and
    we soon were chatting like old friends. Only Thomas remained rather quiet.
    I reminded Beatrice to get a room ready for him but Naomi whispered that
    she would look after him and then grinned at me. &lt;&lt;&quot;I rather like
    him and the glimpse I had of his prick earlier should give me a bit of pleasure.
    Josh hasn't had me in his bed much lately.&quot;&gt;&gt; From her thoughts
    I knew he wouldn't stand a chance of avoiding being seduced once she took
    him to her bed. 
While the girls, including Chloe, were clearing up the dinner things Thomas
    and I went to get more wood in. &lt;&lt;They haven't said where I will sleep.
    S'pose it'll be over the stable. Still they were very kind at the meal. Maybe
    I'll get to sleep inside the house. Miss Chloe was in good form tonight.
    Showed she was really a servant at one time. She probably had a worse time
    with those frogs than servants do over here.&quot;&gt;&gt; I sensed a story
    if only I could worm it out of Chloe but I would have to do it discretely. 
Eventually we sat around a blazing fire in the parlour. I to one side
    of the fire in my favourite wing-back chair, Chloe in another armchair opposite
    me, Beatie sat on the floor at my feet seemingly wanting to keep herself
    between Chloe and me and Naomi and Thomas together on the settee. Although
    it was a three-seater settee, Naomi pushed Thomas hard up against one end.
    He didn't seem to object though. 
&quot;I didn't know you'd been a servant Chloe. I thought you was born
    a lady,&quot; I commented when we were all settled with tankards of ale.
    Normally I wouldn't have dared to say such a thing but with Chloe in my nightshirt
    and her having told us to treat her like one of us, I felt brave enough to
    try. He mind flashed to a kitchen rather different to ours. Someone was shouting
    at her in another language that I guessed was French. 
&quot;Yes, for three years. I was sixteen when But it's a long story
    that I won't bore you with.&quot; 
&quot;I'm sure we wouldn't be bored and we've the whole evening ahead
    of us. Think of it as earning your supper by telling us a story,&quot; I
    wheedled. 
&lt;&lt;&quot;I suppose I could. Wonder if I dare tell them the rude version?
    It might make him hornier tonight. No, they'll think I'm a real harlot. Perhaps
    they've already guessed that from the way I undressed in front of them earlier.
    After being with JeanPaul and near naked for three years, I forgot about
    modesty.&quot;&gt;&gt; &quot;Maybe I will Josh but I might need another tankard
    of your excellent ale first,&quot; she replied. &lt;&lt;&quot;That will give
    me time to decide on which parts to tell them.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&quot;You could always use your powers Josh. She'd have to tell us then.&quot; I
    could tell Beatie was trying to get a little dig at her rival. 
&quot;You know I don't do that except under exceptional circumstances
    Beatie. I don't do it to friends who might want to keep their secret lives
    quite secret,&quot; I chided her wondering if Chloe would take the bait and
    ask me to do it. 
&quot;I heard a rumour about that. Something to do with finding the rapists
    of Annabelle Collison, Blakely that was before she married. Tell me more,
    I'm intrigued.&quot; &lt;&lt;&quot;I wonder what it is like to be hypnotised.
    I saw a man do it at the county fair once. Made the poor subjects do all
    sorts of weird things. Might liven up the evening.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
While I was debating how to answer her Beatie piped up, &quot;He looks
    into your eyes Miss Chloe and you have to tell the truth, all of it. You
    can't hide anything and it seems to make your mind remember everything clearly.
    He made me do it when he first took me in. It doesn't hurt but it feels a
    bit strange. You want to keep quiet but your mouth just goes on and on until
    you've told everything. As it turned out I was glad I told him and he's never
    mentioned it to anyone else. Nor has Naomi so you'll only have Thomas's word
    to worry about.&quot; Thomas crossed himself and promised to keep everything
    he heard that evening, a closely guarded secret. 
&quot;I'll still have that tankard of ale and then perhaps I'll agree
    to it.&quot; I knew from her thoughts that Chloe had nine-tenths made up
    her mind and having the ale was just so as she didn't appear too eager to
    reveal her past. 
&quot;Very well.&quot; Chloe said when she'd had a few sups of her ale, &quot;What
    do you wish me to do?&quot; 
&quot;Just sit back, relax and look me in the eyes. Then when I ask you
    a question, you will answer it truthfully and completely, even all the details
    on how you were abused or used for pleasure.&quot; I paused to let this sink
    in and to give her a chance to back out before asking, &quot;What happened
    to cause you to become a servant? What was your life like in service? And
    how did you get back to being a lady again?&quot; Her mind went back many
    years and I saw she was walking in a wood with a small brown and white dog.
    Clearly and as if reading from a book she started. 
&quot;It was a few days after my sixteenth birthday and I had begged for
    a puppy as a present. Caroline Dubarry had one and took it to all the functions
    and it made her the centre of attention, which pissed me a bit. I don't think
    my caring for the puppy would have lasted very long for at that time I was
    very arrogant and firmly believed that my place was with the upper crust
    of the world. I was the daughter of Lord de Haviland and made sure no one
    forgot it. However, at that time I'd had it only a day or two and I decided
    to walk over to the Saville's and show it off to them and especially to their
    son Jason who was a little older than me and quite handsome. I took the short
    cut through the woods as it was still light and the weather was dry. When
    I was well along the path I heard some gunfire but just assumed it to be
    hunters after deer. Shortly after a group of four men came running down the
    path behind me. They looked like sailors and were jabbering in French but,
    although I had a French governess, I could pick out only a few words. Rudely
    they pushed by me and then one stopped and told the others to get me and
    hold me as a hostage. The words were clear enough for me to understand. They
    acted on his instructions and I was held and pulled along. The puppy ran
    off and I started screaming until one produced a knife and held it to my
    breast and bade me be quiet. With a man pulling at each arm I was dragged
    along until we came to the road. 
I almost got away at that point. One man had let go of my arm and I shook
    the other free and ran back into the woods but they quickly caught me again.
    This time they tied my wrists. I know I called them some very unladylike
    things both in English and my school French but they just laughed and the
    leader, who I found out was called JeanPaul, said slowly and clearly, &quot;Maybe
    we keep you and not let you go when we get to the boat. It will be nice to
    try and tame an English bitch aristocrat and maybe we can use the knowledge
    that we have you captive to our advantage.&quot; We hurried along the road
    heading towards the river. After only a short way I was pulled to some bushes
    at the side when we heard a carriage approaching. It was empty except for
    the driver so I guessed he was going to pick up his master of mistress from
    an afternoon function. Two of my captors stepped into the road and produced
    a brace of pistols and forced the driver to stop. He was quickly knocked
    out and I was thrown in. We then drove at great speed to a little dock area
    where a small boat was tethered. 
&quot;Shall we tie the cunt to a tree?&quot; one of the sailors asked
    JeanPaul. &quot;I started to protest at the use of such a rude term for the
    daughter of a lord but JeanPaul slapped my face and told me to shut up. At
    that moment we heard horses approaching. &quot;No, put her in the boat and
    we'll use her to shield us.&quot; They roughly bundled me into the boat.
    I remember struggling and trying to kick them but that only made them handle
    me even more rudely. Several times my tits were sorely squeezed and my bottom
    smacked. We were but a few yards from the jetty when the horsemen appeared.
    One dismounted and shouldered his rifle and trained it on us. JeanPaul made
    me stand and held me from the back while I faced them so I was in direct
    line of the bullet should the rifle be fired. I knew then exactly what he
    meant by using me as a shield. The sailors were rowing strongly and the distance
    between us and the men on the shore was rapidly increasing so I guessed that
    even had the rifle been fired the chances of my being hit were quickly diminishing.
    Eventually I was allowed to sit but knew from the looks they gave me, the
    minds of all four rowers were undressing me. It was unnerving to sit on the
    back seat facing them knowing I was getting further and further away from
    my home and I started to cry. They asked my name and when I told them they
    laughed as though it was a huge joke. I started berating them again in my
    native tongue and in the few rude words of French that I knew. JeanPaul not
    only continued laughing at me, he started teaching me further very disgusting
    phrases that I could use on them. I broke down and sobbed. After an hour
    a sailing boat, which they called a sloop, appeared in the failing light
    and I wondered now they were relatively safe whether I would be taken on
    board or dumped in the water. In halting French I asked what they were going
    to do with me. &quot;If you are good, I take you to the chateaux, if you
    try and cause a lot of trouble I let everyone fuck you and toss you in the
    channel,&quot; he replied as if either course was perfectly acceptable to
    him. I sobbed louder at the news. 
One of the sailors lit a lantern and held it up. The sloop saw us and
    altered course so we closed on it quickly and as soon as we were alongside,
    rough hands lifted me on board and dumped me in a corner of the deck. For
    a few minutes orders were shouted and sailors seemed to be moving in all
    directions. The little boat we came in was hoisted from the water and put
    on the deck not far from where I sat. More sails were unfurled and the ship
    heeled over at what seemed an alarming angle and we began to speed through
    the water. It appeared the captain wasn't too keen on having me aboard but
    JeanPaul seemed to have the final say. They spoke too fast for me to pick
    up much of the altercation and with all the other ship noises I couldn't
    hear the conversation too clearly. Eventually they reached some sort of agreement
    and JeanPaul cut the bindings to my wrists. By now they were very sore and
    had chafe marks around them but I was more concerned by his next order. &quot;Take
    off all your clothes.&quot; &quot;No!&quot; I screamed at him, &quot;Not
    in front of you! Not in front of this bunch of filthy bandits! I'm not one
    of your quayside whores!&quot; My mind wondered if this was going to be the
    mass rape that JeanPaul mentioned as the prelude to my being thrown overboard. &quot;You
    take them off and have them whole for later or we cut them off and you have
    nothing to wear when we arrive in the harbour.&quot; I knew every seaman
    carried a knife in a sheath at the back of his belt and I'd already seen
    how easily they cut the rope. &quot;Please, don't.&quot; I begged. JeanPaul
    didn't hesitate. He ordered two men to hold my arms and anther two to cut
    my dress off. I quickly changed my mind and said I would do it but JeanPaul
    ignored me and said that I would have to do what I was told first time in
    future. Soon, despite my efforts and pleas, the tattered remains of my clothing
    were thrown over the side and I was totally naked in front of the crew about
    twenty men. Fortunately the light was fading but I had no means to cover
    myself. Because of the angle and motion of the ship I was forced to hold
    on to some ropes and thus could not cover my body. I knew they were all staring
    at me and several had their pricks out and were openly rubbing them and making
    the most disgusting comments. They were the first pricks I'd seen in a hard
    state and I tried to turn my head away but that only brought another sailor
    showing his weapon into view. Perhaps it was fortunate that at that time
    I only half understood what they were saying. I remember shivering both from
    the cold air and the fright on not knowing what they would do to me. 
&quot;Spread her over the hatch,&quot; JeanPaul ordered and if found myself
    being dragged and half carried to an area raised about a foot higher than
    the deck. Two sailors held me across it by my arms and they squeezed and
    mauled my tits at the same time. Two others pulled my legs apart. I steeled
    myself to be raped although I begged them not to. Fingers invaded my vagina
    and a seaman announced that I was indeed a virgin. &quot;Not for much longer,&quot; JeanPaul
    laughed, &quot;And by the time she gets back to her home she'll be very experienced
    in all the ways the French can fuck.&quot; I wept bitterly but I knew it
    would make no difference. With the noise of the wind and rushing water, and
    the creaks a boat makes under sail, I didn't hear it coming but I suddenly
    felt something hit my arse followed immediately by a hellish pain I screamed
    and struggled to no avail. Shortly after another band of fire, another pain.
    JeanPaul had doubled a length of rope and was using the loop to welt my buttocks
    in a most painful way. Ten times he hit me and I later found the doubled
    rope had produced nearly twenty vivid red lines. There was no respite to
    the pain. As soon as he stopped whipping me, JeanPaul thrust his prick into
    my cunt and fucked me as hard as he could. I'm sorry if the terms offend
    you but while in their clutches they insisted I used the crudest words for
    what they did to me. My maidenhead was unceremoniously swept away but I hardly
    noticed the pain against the background of fire covering my whipped arse.
    I suppose he must have come inside me but I felt nothing until he withdrew
    only to be replaced by the captain. More pain but it all seemed to blur together
    as the crew drew lots for three of them to have me. I remember little of
    them until a bucket of cold seawater was thrown over me and I was released. 
It was getting quite dark by then so I could only see silhouetted shapes
    in the faint reflection coming from the white sails. &quot;Help her to my
    cabin,&quot; ordered JeanPaul. I slipped on the moving deck but strong arms
    caught me and took me to a cabin near the back of the boat. JeanPaul lit
    a small lantern and gave me some cloths to dry myself and then indicated
    that I should lie on a bunk bed. Still sobbing with the pain, I lay face
    down on the bedding and prayed my life would soon end or I would be rescued
    by a gallant midshipman and taken aboard one of his majesty's frigates. Neither
    happened. &quot;There's a bucket under this lid if you feel sick or need
    to piss,&quot; JeanPaul informed me as lifted the centre section of a seat.
    The motion of the ship and the stale, tobacco scented air of the cabin, were
    already getting to me and I sensed that I would be needing the bucket soon. &quot;Don't
    try and leave this cabin, I will be back shortly,&quot; my captor informed
    me as he left. I had no desire to move even as far as the dreaded bucket.
    Even the smallest movement of my legs caused me great pain. I lay there feeling
    wretched, wondering what was to become of me, wondering how soon the pain
    would go, wondering if the servants I'd had punished at home felt the pain
    like I did. I thought not although their cries were not far removed from
    mine. Soon though I was compelled to lift the seat and vomit into the bucket.
    In a slight interlude between bouts of sickness I did manage to piss and
    get most of it in the bucket but that only made the smell worse when I had
    once more to put my face over it to be sick again. At that time, I just knew
    I was going to die in the very near future. 
I don't know how long I stayed hovering above that noisome bucket but
    I was still there when JeanPaul returned, &quot;Wipe your face and drink
    this,&quot; he ordered handing me a cloth wet with seawater. Still kneeling
    I wiped the worst of the sick from around my mouth and took the glass he
    offered. It was alcohol of some sort but it had a strange taste. &quot;It
    will help the sickness,&quot; he explained but from my translation of his
    words, I wasn't sure whether he meant it would make me more sick or help
    me to get over it. Fortunately it was the latter and five minutes later I
    was able to crawl back to the bunk. JeanPaul pulled a blanket over my body
    and then sat on a seat and stared into my eyes without saying a word. It
    wasn't hypnotism like you use Joshua. He just stared. I was too exhausted
    to fight him but I debated whether I could ask a question without receiving
    more punishment. &quot;JeanPaul?&quot; I started tentatively, &quot;JeanPaul,
    what are you going to do with me? Please tell me.&quot; 
&quot;It's no secret Chloe. We will take you to my chateaux and you will
    become one of my kitchen maids and learn to cook and learn to service my
    desires or the desires of my guests. We're not going to drown you, if that
    is what you are worried about. It would be a great pity to waste a lovely
    body such as yours when it can be used to give us much pleasure. Now just
    lie there. If this fair wind holds we should arrive sometime tomorrow and
    you can find out your new role in life then.&quot; 
&quot;Will I ever get back&quot; I started to ask but he left the cabin
    again. 
I know not how long I lay face down on the hard mattress before he came
    back again and this time he brought some food. French bread, still quite
    fresh, some cheese and a bottle of red wine. &quot;Eat this, we've still
    many hours before we arrive.&quot; It was almost a command. I rolled on to
    one side and gave a little cry as the pain in my arse re-emerged with vengeance.
    Ignoring my cry he part filled two leather tankards with the wine and I wondered
    how many others had drunk from that same tankard since it was last washed.
    I tried unsuccessfully to drink without my lips touching the leather and
    eventually had to drink normally although even that was difficult from the
    position I was in. He drank from his without any qualms and smoked a clay
    pipe while he watched me. I did feel better for having eaten a little and
    tried again to ask the question I wanted an answer to. &quot;Sir, JeanPaul,
    will I ever get back to my home again?&quot; 
&quot;I expect so Chloe but it won't be anytime soon. While we have you,
    your father, Lord de Haviland, will have to cooperate with our operation.
    He will have to find us a place to store our goods on his estate now that
    the excise men have discovered ours in the old chapel. They nearly caught
    us today as we were returning. You were a piece of good luck for us so I
    intend to keep you.&quot; 
&quot;They'll hang you if they catch you.&quot; 
&quot;Kidnapping you is only one of a long string of things they could
    hang me for. It would make no difference if I murdered you now so whatever
    I do to you makes no difference to what your law might do, if they catch
    me of course. Now forget all that, I'm ready to bed you again. And don't
    think about complaining or you'll be over the hatch and feel the rope again
    and a few more sailors get to use your cunt.&quot; I knew that was no idle
    threat. In the flickering light of the small lamp I watched as he removed
    his top-coat and his breeches. When he approached me I turned my head and
    received a sharp slap across my cheek. &quot;Look at it,&quot; he demanded, &quot;This
    will be your master for months to come. It may be the tool that puts a new
    life in your belly if it hasn't done so already.&quot; I reasoned that it
    shouldn't have because I only finished my monthly curse a day or two before.
    His prick, so close to my face, seemed enormous but later, when I became
    more knowledgeable about such things, I learned that it was only a little
    bigger than normal. &quot;Give it a little suck.&quot; I must have looked
    horrified but he calmly reached under the blanket and twisted a nipple. As
    soon as I yelled he popped his prick in and I knew better than to bite. &quot;Suck
    it,&quot; he repeated. The taste wasn't unpleasant, not like I imagined it
    would be so I sucked. It was the less painful option. He didn't keep it there
    long, just long enough for it to become fully hard, then threw the blanket
    off and rolled me on my back. Once more I cried out as my sore arse hit the
    mattress but worse was to come. Spreading my legs he climbed on top of my
    body and began fucking me quite robustly. The pain from his weight on my
    welted arse was almost too much for me and I yelled at the top of my voice
    but JeanPaul grinned and told me to quieten down otherwise he would tickle
    the front of me as well. I guessed his idea of tickling was to use the rope
    again so I tried to curtail my screams. I almost started to feel some enjoyment
    from the fuck but then he spurted his stuff in me and withdrew and once more
    I was left with just the agony in my arse and the soreness inside my cunt.
    Soon he rolled over and lay beside me so I was able to lie face down once
    more to relieve the weight on my poor bottom but sleep didn't come as easily
    as it did to him. Eventually I dozed until someone came in the night and
    woke him. He was gone on watch for some hours and I did get a few hours fitful
    sleep before he returned just as a little of the dawn light came through
    the skylight in the cabin. For the second time that night I watched him remove
    his top clothes and get into bed alongside me. This time though, he wasn't
    erect and he seemed very tired and fell asleep immediately. 
A couple of hours later, activity on the deck aroused him and I could
    feel his hardness against my body. &quot;Time for a quick fuck before breakfast,
    I think,&quot; he stated and pushed me on to my back again. The pain had
    died a little but even so, the fuck was again very painful although this
    time he took longer and I think did his best to pleasure me so that I had
    my first climax. The pleasure and the pain sensations bewildered me at that
    time but I was to get many more insights into that later. I still resented
    being on that little boat inside a cabin that smelled of tar and tobacco
    smoke but for the first time, I had at least partially enjoyed a fuck. &quot;Use
    the bucket and be ready to come to breakfast in a few moments. The men do
    it over the ship's side,&quot; he pointed out and I took the hint that I
    might be made to do so if I objected to the bucket. He came back a short
    while later, lit his pipe and dragged me naked on deck. The crew cheered
    but none touched me although they made remarks about my body especially my
    tits and my arse. It was very cold that early in the morning and at sea with
    the keen wind and I was soon shivering almost uncontrollably. I know that
    JeanPaul had intended to keep me naked but even he could see that I would
    get the chills and possibly die if I wasn't in warm clothing. He asked a
    young lad who was about my size to find something for me to wear and he returned
    with thick trousers, a wool shirt, and a jersey. My leather shoes had not
    been cast to the sea and were returned to me but I soon took them off again
    because they were slippery on the wet wood; wood that was constantly changing
    its angle seemingly in several directions at once. Watched by most of the
    crew I had to dress myself in these coarse clothes. They felt warm but they
    itched as well and the trousers chafed my arse. Sitting on the hard hatch
    to eat was painful but I tried to hide it from the crew because I didn't
    want to give them the satisfaction of knowing how badly they'd hurt me. Breakfast
    was very different to at home. Bread, with various pickles, cheeses and meats
    washed down with a hot drink that may well have contained rum but I didn't
    ask. Several men came and sat on the ship's rail where I could see them and
    lowered their breeches to perform their morning ablutions. I knew they did
    this to embarrass and humiliate me further but I tried to ignore them and
    didn't even turn my head. I found it disgusting though, to have to eat while
    men pissed and shit in front of me. 
Near midday we sighted the French coast and the captain ran up their national
    tricolour flag and headed the boat southward for some hours. The wind was
    not as strong now and many times it seemed they turned the boat in a different
    direction causing the sails to go from one side to the other and making it
    heel the other way. When I asked why they did this, the sailors just laughed
    at me as though I had made a joke. The sun was out and I found a spot where
    I could sit on a pile of relative soft canvas and be out of the way. I tried
    to think of a way to escape but on a boat the only way out of the situation
    was to throw myself overboard. I couldn't swim and had a fear of being in
    the water so that wasn't an option. A few of the sailors spoke when near
    but I couldn't always understand their dialect. JeanPaul's was nearer to
    that of my French teacher and he deliberately spoke slower to me. For much
    of the afternoon he seemed busy with navigational problems and only came
    to me when we had lunch. A hot fish stew this time. Later there was more
    activity and I noticed we were approaching closer to the shore. Men were
    in the rigging reducing the amount of sail we carried. One of the crew pointed
    to a stone building on a rocky promontory. &quot;JeanPaul's chateaux,&quot; he
    said. That was the place I was to spend the next three years and where I
    gave birth to two children, one girl who was taken from me as soon was born
    and cared for in a convent, the other I miscarried. To this day I have not
    seen my daughter.&quot; 
Tears filled ran down her face and her mind conjured up images of her
    baby being forcibly taken from her arms while she pleaded and wailed at them
    to let her keep her. It was very moving experience for me too and almost
    cried at the thoughts of what the hated French had done to her. I refilled
    her tankard with more ale. She'd been supping frequently during her tale
    but she didn't seem to notice. Chloe just kept on talking almost as if we
    weren't there. Never before had a person talked for so long while under the
    influence of the ring. 
[I decided to break this blog at this point and continue again later. Joshua's
  account continued uninterrupted but my typing fingers needed a break. The narrative
  must have moved him deeply because he wrote such a long and clear account of
  it. I will post this episode and follow it with the remainder as soon as I
  find time to type it all. Derek.] 

Ring of Truth 

by obohobo 

Warnings 

Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 

Prologue 

After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 

Blog 11. The Servitude of Chloe de Haviland 

October 13th 2004 
Back to typing again. Sarah still has not come to any decision on moving in
  with me but I feel she will soon. Her thoughts tell me she is seriously thinking
  about it but finds it a major step to take and she is continually haunted by
  what her ex-husband did to her. The tension between Kathy and Rowlandson has
  eased slightly and my student now firmly believes Kathy and me are having an
  affair. Otherwise there is not much to report on 'the home front.' 
To continue with Joshua's account of the evening with Chloe de Haviland. 

"As the sloop neared the quayside, the small boat was lowered and it took
  a rope to those on the dock. This was attached to a thicker rope and used to
  pull us alongside. I stood in the warm sunshine wondering as to my fate and
  trying to see if there was any hope of escape. There seemed to be none. My
  arse was too sore to run even had there been anywhere to run to. A small crowd
  of men, women and children lined the edge of the dock and there was much good-natured
  banter between them and the crew although I only understood a little of what
  was said. Some I knew concerned me but I couldn't determine much of it. For
  the time being I stood as far away from the crowd as I could almost trying
  to become invisible in a corner. As soon as the sails and everything were stowed
  and the boat tied up properly JeanPaul came and brought me forward. "You will
  come with me to the chateaux now but first you must return Pierre's clothing," he
  remarked casually. 
"But that will leave me What will I wear?" JeanPaul just raised his eyebrows
  and said nothing. "I can't! I won't!" I screamed. That was a mistake. On JeanPaul's
  instructions, four sailors held me while Pierre removed his clothes from me
  and I was displayed in all my nakedness to the population on shore. The sailors
  turned me round so all saw the welts on my arse which brought some applause
  from the onlookers especially when JeanPaul explained that I was an English
  lady of noble birth. He went on to say that for the second time in two days
  I had refused to obey the orders of a true blood Frenchman and as I had done
  it in front of them all, I would be punished in front of them. "Hoist her arms
  up above her head." Once again he became cold and had a very cruel look in
  his eyes. "Please, please," I pleaded, "I cannot take any more pain. My skin
  will burst open. I will die." A thin smile lifted the corner of his mouth, "You
  will not die but you might wish you had. Perhaps now you will learn not to
  question my orders. My hands were fastened to a rope that went high aloft somewhere
  and my arms were pulled up until I could hardly stand on my feet. JeanPaul
  went to a coil of fine rope and unwound several feet of it and then doubled
  it to make a long loop like he'd done when he'd thrashed me earlier. I shouted,
  I begged in English and French for him not to do it but I knew it was no use.
  He took a stance to one side and a little in front of me and only then did
  it dawn on me that he was going to whip my front and he was going to do it
  so everyone witnessed my degradation. I was absolutely horrified and so terribly
  afraid that I pissed myself, an action that brought many ribald comments from
  the shore and from the crew. I saw JeanPaul swing the rope back and shut my
  eyes. A terrible pain flashed across the top of my thighs and my knees buckled
  till only the rope above my head held me up. I let out a tremendous scream
  that sent the seabirds flying and squawking overhead. The next lash was equally
  painful and landed across my lower belly. It left welts that stood out not
  only across my front but also around my sides where the long rope had curled
  around them. Steadily he worked his way upwards, the pain ever increasing until
  he reached just below my breasts I could stand it no longer and I passed out.
  A bucket of seawater thrown over me brought me back to consciousness and left
  my body dripping wet and the welts more painful as the salt bit into them.
  I prayed for the end but JeanPaul was not done. Quickly as if trying to finish
  his work before I finally left this world, he lashed my tits with three horrendously
  painful blows each leaving a double welt from the way the rope was folded.
  I fainted again and when I came too I was on the deck with more water being
  poured over me. I lay there for a while, writhing in agony. I must have passed
  out again because when I came to, a girl was putting my shoes on my feet. JeanPaul
  stood above me. "There is still more space on your body to receive the rope's
  kiss or that of the whip or martinet at the chateaux if you wish to continue
  to disobey me Chloe. You have just a few minutes to compose yourself ready
  for the walk to your new home. Maria will guide you. The villagers will watch
  you all the way. I will be along later." 
Walk? I could not even stand. Maria and a sailor helped me to my feet but
  I fell to the deck again and wailed and writhed in the most severe pain. Thrice
  more I tried to stand but physically I couldn't. "Throw me in the water," I
  begged. "I want to die." "You will not die Chloe but you will remember and
  obey in future. You do not give orders here. You are a prisoner, a servant
  and a slave. Go to the chateaux now." Once more Maria and a sailor lifted me
  to my feet and this time half carried me to the railing where strong hands
  lifted me painfully on to the quay. I felt my knees give way again but this
  time an enormous giant of a man gathered me in his arms and carried me like
  a baby up the hill. The villagers followed us, some shouting insults and others
  giving me words of sympathy. The man gently deposited me in the kitchen of
  the chateaux and left me in the care of Maria and two other women. 
The older one, the cook, ordered the table to be cleared and I was laid upon
  it. Water infused with herbs was brought and my welts gently sponged and cleaned.
  It soothed them but little. Presently a cup of a warm bitter liquid was placed
  against my lips and I was made to drink it. The willow-bark infusion it contained
  slowly eased some of the hurt but I could hardly move without tremendous pains
  sweeping through my body. Maria helped me stand and made me walk a few steps
  at a time around the room while another maid, Josie supported me under an arm.
  Blindly and crying bitterly, I did as I was told because they said it would
  help to free my muscles but when they saw that I collapsed frequently, Cook
  ordered they let me sit awhile. She piled several cushions on one chair and
  although it hurt my arse to sit, it was better than the pain of standing. I
  declined the food they offered but took some wine to wash away the taste of
  the infusion. Some two hours later, JeanPaul came in and looked me over. I
  cringed away in fear of what he might say or do. "She's had a wearisome journey
  Cook, let her rest today but put her to work in the morning. Don't take any
  nonsense from her. Make her do a full day's work as is expected of the others
  and send her with Maria for training in the evening." He left. "Wearisome journey
  indeed," I thought, "He thrashes me unbelievably cruelly twice and then blames
  the journey for my condition." I was mentally indignant but too sore and afraid
  to do anything about it. "And what did he mean by 'bring her for training in
  the evening?' The sexual training he alluded to on the boat?" 
Maria and Josie helped me upstairs into a small but clean room. Inside were
  a small bed and a few items of furniture but no clothing as far as I could
  see without searching. I lay on the side still free of whip marks feeling utterly
  wretched. Maria promised to look in on me when she could but they all had other
  work to do. Some time later Maria and Josie brought some food but I didn't
  much feel like eating although I did peck at it. Later still they came to me
  again with Cook who inspected my welts closely. They were now very colourful
  and much swollen. "She won't be able to do much tomorrow whether JeanPaul orders
  it or not," she said. "Put the ointment on girls and let her rest. Fortunately
  he has never whipped any of us this badly. Perhaps it is revenge on the English
  for what they did to his family generations ago. Let her rest now and if any
  of you wake in the night perhaps you will look in and see if she needs anything." Both
  Josie and Maria promised they would. At least there were some kind people in
  the house. Josie crept in sometime in the night and gave me some water when
  I asked and put a little more ointment on the worst places. Near dawn, Maria
  helped me to relieve myself and gave me some more willow-bark mixture and a
  drop of cognac to wash the taste away. I dozed off but was awakened by the
  two girls and taken down to the kitchen wearing only my shoes which seemed
  necessary on the rough stone floors in the servants part of the chateaux. Cook
  examined me again and then gave me an apron, which I tied loosely around my
  stomach. "Sorry," she apologised, "This is all you are to wear. At least it
  won't chafe your titties." Standing and moving still caused me great distress
  but Cook told me that I must try to work and to make sure I was doing something
  if JeanPaul came into the kitchen. I arranged cheeses on plates and took them
  through to the dining room. I shuffled along, bent over like an old woman.
  The captain and two other men were already there and looked at me with some
  horror. One of the men remarked that it was wrong to treat a woman, even an
  English woman, as badly as that. JeanPaul arrived just as I was setting down
  the plate. 
"Stand up straight woman. You are of noble blood. Be proud of your body and
  show it to us." I tried to straighten myself but once again the pain was too
  great and my legs failed me and I ended in a heap on the floor. The man who'd
  remarked on my treatment helped Maria to lift me and I stood petrified fully
  expecting that I would get another beating. "Show some mercy, JeanPaul," the
  man said, but the eyes of my new master didn't soften. "Let her stand on her
  own feet." I was shaking with fear and pain and barely kept my balance. "Stand
  up straight. Push your tits out," he ordered. Of course I couldn't do it and
  only barely kept my feet. "So you still defy me Chloe," he growled and momentarily
  left the room only to return with a riding crop. I collapsed on the floor again. "Ah
  your back is still unmarked and you are offering it to me to paint with nice
  stripes." I knew he would thrash me again and once more I was near to passing
  out. As if in the distance I heard the man who had defended me earlier say, "Desist
  JeanPaul. She can no more do what you ask than you could in similar circumstances.
  Is it not enough that you have already marred this young girl's body beyond
  the bounds of decency? I'm sure it was once beautiful and we should be using
  it for pleasure and not degrading it in such an appalling manner." Murmurs
  of agreement seemed to come from the other men but I couldn't be sure of it. "You
  may use it for your pleasure when I've finished Monsieur Letrac," snapped JeanPaul, "In
  the meantime while in my home you will refrain from commenting on how I treat
  my staff." He stood to one side and I howled in anticipation of the expected
  blow. It never came. For a few seconds there was silence except for the sound
  of a woman's footsteps. They stopped with one foot either side of my body. 
"You will not hit this child any more JeanPaul. What you have done already
  is a disgrace to your family name. This poor thing had nothing to do with the
  atrocity committed against your grandmother. In fact from what I've heard she
  could already have saved your life. Had she not been in the boat you would
  probably have been shot and yet this is how you repay her. The English sailors
  who raped and murdered your father's mother are long since dead and so your
  revenge against this poor innocent thing is a grave offence to the church and
  to our people. It is one thing to have kidnapped her and brought her here as
  a servant or slave to be used as payment against a debt but quite another to
  subject her to such gross torture. Put the crop away JeanPaul, calm yourself
  and continue with your breakfast." The voice severely berating JeanPaul was
  that of the cook. "I will take her now and train her in our ways but I will
  not allow her to be hurt any more other than for such punishments as all servants
  need from time to time." For a few moments there was a stunned silence and
  my dulled mind wondered how a lowly cook could dare to address her master so.
  It was a year or so later that I learned she was actually his mother, the result
  of a liaison between her and his father when she was but a maid at the chateaux.
  It was with great relief that I heard JeanPaul leave the room. 
Cook and Maria helped me to the kitchen and sat me down for a short while
  to allow me to calm myself. When I had recovered a little Cook came to me again. "Just
  because I saved you from an unjust thrashing doesn't mean that you can get
  away with anything and sit around idle. You have been brought here to train
  as a servant and to serve the pleasure needs of your master and his friends.
  I have no qualms with that. You may have been a mistress in your household
  but here you are on the other side of the carpet. I will set you work to do,
  work that you may well find hard or degrading but you will do it just like
  the other servants do. Like them, should you not do your best or think you
  can argue with me then that strap you see on the wall there," she pointed to
  a broad black leather strap, "Will caress your arse in no uncertain manner.
  Do you understand that?" I nodded and replied "Yes, ma'am." "Before today is
  out," she went on, " JeanPaul will no doubt find an excuse to apply the leather
  to me. It will not be for helping you or defying him, but he'll find some little
  excuse. We all know you will be the real reason behind it so I will make sure
  that you do things as I want them done. I have long believed that if all you
  snotty-nosed, pampered young tarts experienced the hardships your servants
  face each day, then the world would be a far more just place. Now is your chance
  to find out exactly what life as a maid really is like. I might be hard on
  you at times but I will try and be fair. Now get off your arse and help Josie
  clear the breakfast room." 
It hurt to move but I shuffled along and did the best I could. Josie and Maria
  and also the other girls who only came in the daytime helped where they were
  able. Still no one gave me a maid's uniform like the other girls wore so I
  was naked apart from the apron and my shoes. My coloured, welted and bruised
  tits stood out prominently and made some of the day girls wince just to look
  at them and I had to be especially careful not to brush them against anything.
  Mid morning Josie and I had to take refreshments into the lounge where the
  four men were in deep discussion. Josie took the wine because I was shaking
  so badly and I rattled the plate as I lowered it on the table. I knew all eyes
  were on me particularly those of JeanPaul but he only said 'thank you,' and
  nodded to Josie. 
Near lunchtime I turned and hit my left tit hard against a post. It made me
  scream and I was about to run from the room when Maria caught me and held me
  around the shoulder for a short while. "Dry your eyes Chloe," she said quietly, "Calm
  down. These things will happen and cannot be helped. At least it wasn't deliberate." 
The men appeared to have finished their discussions at lunchtime, and the
  meal was taken in the dining room where we were expected to serve the guests.
  Again I came under scrutiny but was able to control myself a little more until
  JeanPaul remarked to Monsieur Letrac, "If you really want to fuck an English
  aristocrat Jacques, take her to your room this afternoon. She's untrained but
  nice and tender." That caused some laughter except I noticed from Monsieur
  Letrac. The servant's lunch was just finishing when a message came for me to
  go to Monsieur Letrac's room. I nearly fainted but Cook said I had to go; it
  was part of my duties here. One of the chambermaids showed me the way. "Come," he
  called in answer to my knock. 
He was a middle-aged man, not unattractive and he'd already undressed and
  was wearing a robe in preparation for my visit. I began to weep again but he
  gently took my hand and led me to the bed. "Chloe," he said, "I wish to fuck
  you but I have no wish to hurt you further. I would have preferred to have
  you without all these dreadful marks on your body but I may not get the chance
  again. Come to the bed and take that apron and your shoes off so we can join
  together." I did so and lay on the soft down bed while he removed his robe.
  He was the first man I saw completely naked and I could see that his prick
  wasn't fully hard but stood out from his body at an angle. "Now my dear, I
  know you are not experienced or trained but I trust you will do your best.
  You're young and should learn quickly. First you need to use your mouth to
  make me fully hard and ready to enter your lovely cunnie. To do that I will
  sit on the edge of the bed and you will kneel on the floor and suck me gently.
  That is probably the easiest for you in your condition." I half knew from being
  on the boat what to expect and at least Monsieur Letrac was trying to be kind
  to me. Soon I had him in my mouth and on his instruction, gently massaged his
  shaft with my hands. His prick was soon rigid. "Now you will lie across the
  bed with your legs over the edge and as wide apart as you can." Again I knew
  he was being considerate because he stood between my thighs and licked me until
  I was wet and then he entered me without putting any pressure on my body. My
  arse still hurt but while he remained still, the pain was bearable but even
  the smallest movements he made sent spikes of pain through me but I tried not
  to complain and I began to feel some pleasure from what he did. Towards the
  end I even tried to thrust back which seemed to please him greatly. I had a
  little climax before he shot his seed into me and withdrew. But that was not
  the end. "Lie lengthways on the bed now Chloe," he instructed, and when I did
  he climbed on top head to tail. His soft prick hung down near my face and for
  a while I thought he was going to lie on my tender body but he held himself
  a little above it. "Suck me again dear Chloe and allow me to do the same to
  you," he whispered. I was a bit concerned as to the stickiness of his manhood
  but thought it couldn't be that bad and I didn't want to earn another thrashing
  if he commented on my refusal to JeanPaul. I sucked him in and then felt his
  tongue on my cunt and that created a very pleasant sensation there. A little
  later he asked if we could lie side by side and do it that way because it was
  a strain for him to hold himself above me. We did it like that for some time
  although there was more pain for me, I deemed that I would be able to suffer
  it without crying out and indeed it was probably less than I would be getting
  doing normal work chores. I climaxed again, much more strongly this time. His
  prick hardened from the attentions of my mouth so I rightly surmised he would
  want to fuck me again. This time he had me kneel on all fours and took me from
  the back. Looking between my breasts and thighs I could see his bollocks swinging
  as he drove into me much harder and for longer than the first time. I climaxed
  twice before he loosed his load for the second time. Once more I had to suck
  him and then we lay side by side, face to face and talked for a little while
  about my life at home in England. The remembrance brought tears to my eyes
  again. All too soon I was sent back to the kitchen and shortly after I saw
  him leave on horseback. 
"Did you please him?" Cook asked. "I think so," I replied, "He tried to be
  gentle." Cook shrugged, "Don't expect them all to be. Now help Maria prepare
  the fish." Cook dismissed my dealing with Monsieur Letrac as though it was
  nothing out of the ordinary and indeed, later I found that it was. 
At dinner JeanPaul called me to him and lifted my apron and thrust his fingers
  in my cunt. "Did you service him?" he asked and I had to tell him all the details
  in front of the Captain and Josie and Maria. I hadn't seen the other man leave.
  Later when we'd eaten and everything was cleared away, Maria took wine and
  glasses into the lounge and bade me follow her. "Whatever you are asked to
  do, do it as best you can. For goodness sake don't anger JeanPaul by refusing.
  I expect I will have to show you what to do first. Probably he will want you
  to suck him until he spurts in your mouth. Don't spit it out. Swallow it down.
  The captain may want your arsehole, many sailors do. That will hurt but not
  as much as the lash. Remember that Chloe. Nothing will hurt as badly as the
  lash." Maria poured the wine and I noticed there were four glasses so it seemed
  that I would get one too. "Take your apron and shoes off," Maria ordered me
  as she undressed herself. She was several years older than me and had larger
  tits but what caught my eye was the fact that her arse had the remnants of
  fading marks from the strap. "What do you require of us sir?" she asked JeanPaul. "A
  little mouth work Maria. You can perform on me and then she can work on the
  captain. He must leave us before the night is out. I watched as Maria opened
  JeanPaul's breeches and pulled his prick and bollocks into full view. She showed
  me how to gently massage a man's shaft in a similar way to I was shown earlier
  and then she sucked and massaged more vigorously. I tried to do the same with
  the captain but after a while he stopped me. "I want her arse," he said abruptly.
  Maria was right. "Show her Maria," JeanPaul ordered. Maria knelt down and pulled
  her bottom cheeks apart, "Try to relax your muscles and push your hole open
  like you are having a shit," she told me. I rightly feared it would be very
  painful for me but I also knew from the repeated warnings, that to annoy JeanPaul
  would be even more painful. He still resented the fact that Cook had stopped
  him beating me earlier and had done it in front of his friends. The captain
  entered her fairly easily and then turned his attention to me "We'd better
  use a little fat on this one, she's very tight," he observed. Maria ran to
  get some and pushed a liberal amount into my tiny hole. I did cry out when
  I tried to pull my buttocks but held myself and waited for the onslaught. Part
  of the pain was from his forcing my hole open but as much came from the way
  he grasped the front of my tortured stomach. I couldn't help but cry out. The
  captain held me and pushed his way right in and fucked quite hard but there
  was no pleasure in it all for me, only an excessive amount of pain. For a few
  moments I feared the pain would overcome me but I managed to keep my senses
  until he withdrew and wiped his prick on my pubic hair. After that sucking
  JeanPaul to a climax was relatively easy. For a short while we all sat and
  drank a couple of glasses of wine which soothed me a little but all the time
  I was fearful that he might find an excuse to punish me. He dismissed us afterwards
  but told me to attend his room later. In bed he fucked me like he had on the
  boat and unlike Monsieur Letrac he had no concern for the pain he caused. However,
  once he'd had his satisfaction from my body, his demeanour softened and we
  talked a little before he fell asleep. Again the pain made me lie awake even
  though his bed was softer than the one in my room." 
At this point Chloe paused and indicated she needed a refill of ale. 

[Again I have decided to have another break in the lengthy narrative and will
  post the remaining instalment as soon as I can type it. Derek] 

Ring of Truth 

by obohobo 

Warnings 

Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 

Prologue 

After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 

Blog 12. Dr. Anna Pearce 

October 20th 2004 
Wednesday's seem to be the only evening I have when I can find free time to
  do these blogs. Sorry I lied at the end of the last one. I'm taking a break
  from Chloe's story because the ring has provided me with an interesting story
  from the university and I want to record it while it is still fresh in my memory.
  It is incomplete as you will find out but it is still a lengthy tale. You'll
  just have to wait until next week for the next part of the Chloe saga to find
  out what happens to her. 
Yesterday afternoon I took a sheaf of computer printouts into the faculty
  staff room, partly to get out of the lab for an hour and partly to sit in a
  comfortable chair and have a coffee while I tried to sort out the data on them.
  Only a few staff were in and I greeted those I knew. One was Dr. Anna Pearce,
  a chemistry tutor and an excellent teacher who had tutored me for several years
  previously and who I admire greatly. Chemistry is perhaps one of the more difficult
  subjects in which to interest students but she did it and held our attention
  for every lesson. My guess is that she is in her early to mid thirties and
  not married. I had often wondered why because she is attractive without being
  glamorous, petite and keeps herself fit by playing tennis and other sports.
  Some students have made a play for her but none succeeded in even taking her
  out. Like most of her male students, I fantasised as to what we would do together
  when I had her alone in my bedroom but it was never more than vivid imagination. 
She sat at a corner desk writing and it was obvious she didn't want to be
  disturbed. We only spoke a few words before I settled down a little across
  the room from her and spread my sheets on a nearby coffee table. I'd hardly
  opened my folder before I was distracted by her thoughts. At that point she
  was near the end of writing a letter the contents of which were unexpectedly
  personal and revealed a side of her that I never suspected. I really did feel
  guilty for listening to them this time but I almost couldn't help myself so
  I pretended to make notes in my folder but instead of them being of my work,
  they were notes that form the outline from which I am writing this blog. I
  started notes taking some time after I entered when I realised it would make
  a good story but by then she was writing the finishing paragraphs. Later, she
  started to read through the whole letter and correct it, and I was able to
  take notes of the first day of the week she spent with a woman friend. 
The letter that follows is not an exact copy of what she wrote but is as near
  as I could reconstruct it from the information I wrote down. I certainly do
  not have the training that would have enabled me to take full notes in shorthand.
  No name was ever given to the mistress but from the visions in Anna's mind
  she was a large framed, big breasted and powerful woman unconnected with the
  university so I have no idea who she is. Against her, Anna seemed like a child. 
'Dearest Mistress, 
Thank you for your letter. I was delighted to receive it and felt that you
  were most kind in writing such a letter to your lowly sub after the way I walked
  out on you. I will certainly and very willingly accede to your request that
  I send a report and give my honest feelings on the week that we spent together
  at the rented cottage in the Cotswolds. Because you asked for my 'honest feelings'
  I guess you know the strength of my feelings concerning one particular aspect
  of my subservience during the week and you wish to know whether I am likely
  to change my views. I trust you will take my abhorrence of this into consideration
  before we meet again, if indeed you think it is acceptable that we do. But
  first my report. 
As you know, I am always a little fearful of David, your husband, especially
  as you allow him free reign to use my body as he sees fit except for intercourse.
  This fear perhaps adds a little piquancy to my visit especially as I am a true
  lesbian whilst you desire to swing both ways as long as you are in command.
  That is one of the great joys for me, allowing you complete control of my life.
  With you I have no decisions to make, I just do as you say, otherwise my bottom
  will be deliciously sore from the attention that it receives from your bare
  hand or, more seriously when it is covered with the driving glove. So different
  to being here at the university where I must be in full control of the students
  in order to assist them fully. My fear of losing you my sweet mistress is greater
  than my fear of what David might do to me so I willingly accepted staying with
  you both for the night at each end of the holiday in order to have my week
  away alone with you. But you asked for a report. 
I arrived at your home at five o'clock on the Friday evening and I was able
  to kiss you for the first time in several weeks. The first, when you lifted
  me so easily from the floor, brought our lips and tongues into contact and
  immediately I felt a thrill pass through my body and into my vagina. It must
  have been the same for you because you lowered me to the floor and lifted your
  skirt indicating that I should plant my lips directly on your pubic mound,
  which I did with great abandon. At that moment I heard David arrive but you
  kept my head pressed to your body and I could smell and taste your arousal.
  David's knees pressed into my back as he came and kissed you and then asked, "Why
  is she still dressed?" 
"Only arrived a minute ago," you replied, "Come on out from there Anna and
  say hello to David." David kissed me hard on the mouth and felt my breasts
  through my blouse." 
"Undress slave," he ordered. You nodded your agreement because I am your sub
  and not his. I could feel myself blushing profusely at having to undress in
  front of him even though he has seen me naked many times and has had his hands
  on all parts of my body. When I'd undressed and folded my clothes on to a chair
  I stood with my hands behind my neck and my feet apart in the way you have
  taught me. David came and fingered my breasts and pubis. He was aroused but
  I knew he would not dare to break his promise to both of us, never to have
  intercourse with me. Never would his penis be allowed in my vagina or rectum
  and only in my mouth when it was necessary to clean him. You gave me a cuddle
  and a kiss which made my juices flow and I felt the need to use the toilet,
  however when I asked, you smiled and pointed to a small cabinet about two feet
  high. The top lifted up and the front folded down to reveal a chamber pot set
  on a sturdy shelf at about the same height as a normal toilet. Under the shelf
  stood a roll of modern toilet paper but it was rare for me to be allowed to
  use it. 
"It's a Victorian commode that I picked up at an antiques fair. You'll be
  using it for the coming week and you'll be using it in front of me, and David
  too while you are here." You informed me and indicated that I should try it
  out at that very moment. It shouldn't have been any more embarrassing than
  having you and David watch me on a normal toilet, which you have done before,
  but doing it in the middle of the kitchen perched on a porcelain pot seemed
  much more disgusting. David knelt and parted my legs so he had a clear view
  but it took a little while for me to get a flow going although a few moments
  earlier I felt desperate to relieve myself. When I did, it spurted with some
  force and splashed back over the whole of my pubic area and I was glad that
  you had me remove all my hair from that area at the beauticians some months
  earlier. Not wanting too in front of David, but unable to control myself I
  evacuated my bowels. The mortification of having done this in front of your
  husband was too much for me and I broke down and cried but you comforted me
  with a cuddle while I still sat on the pot. David stood laughing at me and
  pushed his semi-hard penis between my vaginal area and the front of the chamber
  pot, (which I hope you will not mind me calling it by the colloquial name 'po'
  to simplify the writing). He urinated forcibly causing the liquid already in
  there to splash me once more. When he'd finished he held his penis to my lips
  and I knew it would disappoint you if I didn't clean it for him and would probably
  result in a early punishment session, something which I wished to avoid until
  we were alone. The amount of urine left was small so the taste was not really
  unpleasant. 
"Stand and bend over," you instructed and when I did so, you went on, "David,
  use your prick to wipe the shit from around her hole and paint her aureoles
  with it." For a second or two I felt a touch of jealousy that you are allowed
  to use such coarse words and I am not but when I felt the penis head nudge
  my rectum it sunk in as to what you had ordered. Never before had you had anything
  to do with scatology. However, the amount of faecal matter was small so there
  was little smell or taste left on his penis when he'd finished and I once again
  had to clean it. "Close the commode now Anna. You will use it whenever you
  need to and empty it before retiring for the night. Wash your hands, it is
  time for us to prepare dinner." The apron I was given covered my breasts and
  just about covered my genital area when viewed frontally but hid little from
  the side. I began to get used to it for the hour it took to cook and then I
  had to sit naked opposite you and David while we ate. Apart from a little cuddling
  and feeling while we watched TV, nothing further happened sexually until we
  went to bed. 
When I asked permission to use the commode David requested that I wait until
  he was ready. He undressed ready for bed and came into the kitchen wearing
  only his slippers. "Sit on it but don't piss," he said and then when I was
  in position he once more inserted his penis inside the po as far as it would
  go and I could feel it tight again my slit. Holding me close he hissed, "Piss," and
  when I couldn't start he did so. The sound and the splashing allowed me to
  relax enough to start my flow, which of course went all over his manhood and
  my vagina. I knew he was doing it so I would get more of a taste when I cleaned
  him but I determined that if I refused I would only be spanked until I did.
  I tried to put on a look of unconcern as I took his wet penis in my mouth and
  gently sucked. David though, had another trick up his sleeve. When I thought
  that I was about finished, he held my head tight against his body and gave
  forth several more spurts of his urine directly into my mouth and I had to
  swallow. My anger must have showed but he said simply, "Get used to it Anna." From
  the way he said it, I knew he would do that more often and probably increase
  the quantity. I later guessed the pair of you planned for me to be initiated
  like this. 
By the time I'd emptied and rinsed the po and thoroughly scrubbed my teeth,
  you were lying spread on the top of the bed and David was vigorously fornicating
  with you. "Pleasure yourself with the dildo on the nightstand while you watch," you
  ordered and I did so. David came quickly and for the fourth time that evening
  I had to suck him clean but afterwards I had the real pleasure of sucking you
  while you did the same to me. When we'd both climaxed all three of us lay side
  by side with you in the centre and drifted off to sleep. 
I awoke with a start. Daylight was streaming through the partially drawn curtains
  and the cause of my awaking was apparent. David was pushing the bedclothes
  off and telling you to kneel ready for anal intercourse. He didn't use those
  words of course. Seeing I was awake he said, "Suck her hole and my prick and
  leave plenty of spit I want a good fuck of her arse before you take her away." I
  did so and then had to watch as he penetrated your rectum and ploughed into
  you with great gusto. You groaned a bit but didn't seem to be in as much pain
  as I expected and indeed you had a climax although I am not sure whether from
  his copulation or my diddling of your clitoris. It seemed quite a time before
  he erupted inside your bowels. I knew what I had to do but was uncertain as
  to whether I could do it especially when I saw the brown stains on his penis.
  However, I shut my eyes, opened my mouth and then closed it when he'd put his
  messy penis inside. Somehow it seemed easier if I didn't see it. I could get
  some taste though although from the small residue it wasn't too objectionable.
  David made sure I cleaned him properly and then I had to remove his seed from
  inside your bottom with my tongue. That I didn't find unpleasant and I was
  delighted to be able to lick some of your vaginal juices at the same time. 
Knowing that you wished to leave early, I hoped that this would be the last
  of our sexual encounters until we arrived at the cottage. I really longing
  to be away from David as soon as possible because of the manner in which he
  tries to humiliate me with his perverse ways and from the way he almost makes
  me pay homage to his penis. The way he uses my love for you to force me to
  do objectionable things is little short of blackmail. That morning when I had
  brought you to a second climax with my tongue and fingers he said, "Time for
  us to perform on the commode now Anna." I guessed he wanted a repeat of the
  previous evening and would wish to go even further. I was right. While you
  were performing in the bathroom in private, he took me to the commode and I
  sat with his penis under me and inside the po. In my shame I passed wind loudly
  and then urinated strongly over his penis. Worse, before I could control it,
  I defecated and from my position with his hands clasping my buttocks and holding
  me tightly to his loins, a considerable amount of faecal material was left
  around my rectum. I wondered if some would wash off when he urinated but he
  withdrew his penis until only the head was within the rim of the pot and only
  streamed gently and for a short while so only the front of my labia were wetted
  by his water. His penis was now fully hard and I worried that in your absence
  he might try and enter me but he kept his word not to. "Bend over Anna," he
  commanded and when I did, as he had when I first arrived, he used the penis
  head to wipe my bottom and then smeared around my nipples with it. He repeated
  this three times before he said my bottom was clean. My breast aureoles were
  now distinctly brown and smelled quite strongly. 
"Do not wash your cunt or tits until you are at the cottage," he said and
  then went on, "But you do have to clean my prick." It was already quite clean
  from being rubbed on my breasts so I sucked it for him and was about to pull
  away when he held my face in place. "Oh no," I thought, "He didn't do much
  in the po. He must have held back," but I couldn't say anything because his
  penis was effectively gagging me. I think he tried to make it a little easier
  for me by holding back the flow but even though I swallowed a lot, quite a
  bit ran out of my mouth and down my body. He came with me to the bathroom and
  told you that I was only to wash my face and hands and let the rest dry on
  my body and I wondered why you allowed it. I know you were disgusted with the
  smell and apologised to me when we were in the car. Thankfully you stopped
  in a lay-by and added extra perfume to my blouse to disguise the smell somewhat.
  Fortunately we came to a pub with outside tables where we could have our midday
  meal without disturbing others. 
The farm cottage was really nice. Old but with modern fittings and situated
  a little outside the village. We unloaded the car and stored the supplies we'd
  bought on the way in the kitchen and then I had to bring the commode in before
  I could relieve myself. In case we had unexpected visitors, we put this in
  the bedroom and I immediately had to christen it in its new location. Your
  next task was to take me into the shower and clean my body of its odour. I
  enjoyed that very much indeed. It was lovely have your hands on my body and
  exploring my private parts as well as allowing me to do the same for you. Afterwards
  we had an enjoyable sixty-nining session on the bed until we had both come
  several times. At the end you surprised me by pushing me on to the floor saying, "Enough
  of that, time for you to be in sub role. Go and make some tea." You wore a
  nice blue dressing gown but I was kept naked which emphasised my subservience.
  I was only too happy with this and looked forward to obeying your orders and
  even to being punished for my mistakes. 
During the tea break you questioned me at some length about David urinating
  in and on me and from the way you asked the questions I knew you were thinking
  about doing it too. Inadvertently during the questions I remarked strongly
  that I didn't wish to do it and that it disgusted me. I'm afraid that you took
  this as a sign of my insubordination and decided that needed immediate and
  forceful correction. "Get the glove sub!" you shouted. That glove, the type
  that some speedway riders wear has metal threads woven through the palms and
  which you use when I am to receive a lengthy chastisement in order to prevent
  your hands becoming sore, is a fearsome weapon. You are a large woman mistress,
  and have proportionally large hands so the gloves, which are reinforced and
  padded, are larger still and cover a wide area of my bottom with each hit.
  With the strength you have in your arms, each spank is extremely painful, as
  I'm sure you know, and yet does not raise undue blisters, as would a cane.
  I started to apologise but one look from you and I knew it was useless. My
  bottom was going to be sore right from the start of the vacation. 
"Over my knee," you demanded when I returned and you had donned the glove.
  From a previous acquaintance with the glove when I stayed with you a month
  or so before to keep you company while David was away, I knew this was going
  to be painful. This time you seemed far angrier with me so I could expect a
  harder spanking. Tearfully I draped myself over your lap and for a few moments
  relished the feel of my mound against your equally naked thighs. Your strong
  left arm held me tightly in place while the gloved right hand roughly caressed
  my sexual parts and splayed my thighs. "Now Anna, listen carefully" WHAAP!
  The gloved hand sounded like a rifle shot in the quiet of the room and immediately
  a tremendous pain went through me. I tried not to cry out. I really did, but
  I couldn't help myself. Seconds later another hard slap hit my other bottom
  cheek and I started blubbering and writhing, trying to escape but you held
  me firm. "Listen Anna," you repeated. How could I listen when you were causing
  me so much pain? But I tried. WHAAP! "When I found and bought the commode" WHAAP! "David
  found a factual article on the Internet" WHAAP! "About toilet slaves. It told
  the stories of" WHAAP! "Girls and some boys who willingly or were" WHAAP! "Forced
  to drink their master or mistresses piss" WHAAP! "Directly from the source.
  Both David" WHAAP! "And I thought of making you do it" WHAAP! "And as it
  is easier for a man to piss in a woman's mouth" WHAAP! "I agreed to let him
  try it first" WHAAP! "Now we're here you're going to learn to take mine" WHAAP! "And
  after your refusal just now, it is going to be" WHAAP! "Each and every time
  I wish to go, otherwise you will have further sessions with this glove." WHAAP! "And
  maybe not just on your arse." WHAAP! "Do you understand slave?" WHAAP! I couldn't
  reply because of the pain and my sobs mistress, I really couldn't but I knew
  I would have to obey you, the words just choked in my throat. You took this
  as a sign that I wouldn't agree and continued to paste my nates, WHAAP! WHAAP!
  WHAAP! WHAAP! WHAAP! Until I thought I couldn't take any more. I begged you
  to stop and promised to drink from you whenever you wanted but you didn't seem
  to hear the words. Your gloved hand kept flaying my rear. For a while I thought
  you had lost control of yourself and would continue to blindly hit me until
  my bottom swelled so much it burst open. 
It took a little time for me to notice you had stopped and the glove was now
  massaging my bottom but the fire was so great that the roughness just added
  to the pain. Vaguely I heard the glove fall on the floor and felt you lift
  and sit me on your lap. I know I screamed as my hurt bottom sat on your warm
  thighs but then your arms enfolded me to your body and I found my lips close
  to your breasts. A hard nipple pressed into my cheek and you turned my head
  slightly and fed it to my mouth. It was a great comfort but it did little to
  ease the awful pain in my buttocks. 
I have no idea of how long I sat on your lap suckling your breasts but suddenly
  you stood and supporting me said, "Now we'll see if you really keep your promises
  or whether you just made them in the hope I would cease my spanking of your
  arse." You helped me to the shower because I could hardly walk and made me
  kneel with my mouth wide open over your urethra. "I'll try and do it slowly
  this first time Anna," you told me, "You will drink it all down. There shouldn't
  be too much because I pissed earlier." You pressed my head tight against your
  opening and urinated in short spurts. I tried to swallow what I still consider
  a most foul hot liquid and mostly succeeded even if I did find the taste very
  unpleasant. Not wishing to anger you and receive further punishment, when you
  finished I licked all the surrounding area as clean as I could. I was surprised
  when after a short while you pulled me to my feet and kissed me fully on the
  lips and thrust your tongue into my mouth in the way we do when we love each
  other. I knew you must be able to taste the urine but you seemed to enjoy it
  and this was confirmed when you said, "Dearest Anna, this week in addition
  to our normal love making, I want to explore the world of what is known as
  water sports. I will have little tasters of it while you will get the full
  treatment." For your taster you licked and suckled my breasts where your urine
  had dribbled from my mouth but I believe it was already diluted with my tears. 
My hope to be allowed to shower was dashed when you put your robe on and gave
  me an apron to wear so we could start cooking dinner. It was very painful for
  me to stand and even more so to sit but you acted as though I had not just
  received a spanking from you and could do things in a normal way. When I didn't
  perform as you wished I received a sharp but not hard, slap on my inflamed
  bottom causing me more pain than the force of the slap warranted. It was only
  after you eating your meal and me pecking at mine that you again put me over
  your lap and applied ointment to the soreness and used your fingers to arouse
  me to a climax. Any satisfaction I would have normally gotten from that was
  nullified by the pain in my bottom. The cream seemed to have only a minor effect. 
Although you tried to give me further comfort during the evening, the soreness
  of my bottom didn't allow me to respond in the way I would have like to. In
  many ways I was pleased when you decided on an early night. You watched closely
  as I used the commode and as it was near half full already, there was a considerable
  amount of splashing but you had no hesitation in licking me clean. "Before
  you empty it, dip your tits in the piss," you instructed me when I took the
  po into the bathroom. They only went halfway into the liquid but you took each
  one as it came out and sucked it and it was then that I realised you did indeed
  enjoy the taste. Perhaps in small doses it might be all right but not to have
  the full content of a person's bladder. For your night time pee we went into
  the shower and I had to lie down so you could squat directly into my mouth.
  This time you didn't hold back and I just couldn't cope with the flow although
  I drank as much as I could. We kissed afterwards and then showered. "You'll
  do much better by the end of the week," you informed me, "And by the time we
  get home you'll be able to take David's prick without him getting up from his
  chair." In the bedroom you handed me a sheaf of papers and said, "Read this." It
  was a print out of the web pages David had found but I didn't read them until
  the following day because my eyes kept tearing with the pain of my buttocks. 
***** 
At this point Anna broke off reading the letter, glanced at her watch and
  gathered up the papers and left so I cannot say what happened during the rest
  of the week. However, from her thoughts when I first entered the room, I know
  she was made to drink her mistress's urine many times and must have been sick
  at least twice as well as receiving several minor spankings for failing to
  drink properly. I had started taking notes just before she ended her letter
  so I can reconstruct the final paragraphs. 
***** 
We arrived home mid afternoon on Saturday, earlier than we expected because
  traffic was light. David greeted you with affection and me as though I was
  his slave instead of your lover. I particularly resent this. "Well get your
  clothes off," he growled, "And then you can have a drink from my fountain.
  You should have learned how to do that by now." I'm sorry mistress for leaving
  you in the way that I did, but I just couldn't face drinking another load of
  urine and certainly not from a man's 'fountain'. My anger at having to do it
  to him, overpowered my desires to submit to your will. I turned and walked
  out. When I saw the look of shock and disappointment on your face as I turned
  and threw my bags into my car I wavered in my resolve but seeing the scowl
  on David's face I got into the driver's seat and left. 
At the next quiet place I pulled over and wept for nearly an hour before I
  was calm enough to continue my journey. Even then I had to pull over twice
  more to dry my eyes. At home I felt as if I had suffered a great loss; a bereavement,
  and moped around the house, starting many jobs and finishing none of them.
  For the first three days I felt a great unease and sickness in my stomach and
  it took even longer before I felt fit again. I put this down to my imbibing
  so much of your body fluids but it may have been partly due to a reaction to
  losing you. Dear mistress, I know I sent you a letter of apology for my behaviour
  as soon as I returned and I now wish to offer it again. I am so so sorry I
  didn't fulfil your wishes in the way you wanted and I beg your forgiveness
  for leaving you in the way that I did. I know as a sub or slave I should do
  everything my mistress demands of me within the limits we agreed on, but I
  feel that partaking in watersports as you so euphemistically term it, is something
  that revolts me so much I am not willing to do it. 'Tasters' like you had,
  I could probably accept but not the drinking of all you produce. Using the
  commode I can accept but to use my faecal matter in the way you did seems positively
  unhealthy and as far as I can see, has nothing to do with a loving relationship. 
My bottom is still a little tender even though it is now three weeks since
  you spanked me so vigorously. Most of the time I don't notice it but when I
  sit on a hard chair like I am deliberately doing as a self imposed penance
  while I pen this letter, then its tenderness reminds me of you. 
I was so pleased that your letter hinted at the possibility of reconciliation.
  I know I badly miss having your love even if it is at a distance and we can
  only meet for short periods at a time. Perhaps we could share a night in a
  hotel where for that one night we are equals and can discuss some revised ground
  rules for my continued subservience. I do sincerely apologise for making this
  suggestion and promoting myself to be your equal, but I believe that is the
  only way we can restore our relationship. I do still love you dearest mistress
  and wish with all my heart that we can be together again in body and in mind. 
Your loving sub, 
Anna 
I will try and see if I can get close enough to Anna in the next few weeks
  to be able to give you an update later on. I too am intrigued to know what
  happens. 

Ring of Truth 

by obohobo 

Warnings 

Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 

Prologue 

After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 

Blog 13. Maurice 

October 27th 2004 
I think there was some sort of reconciliation between Anna and her mistress
  last weekend but I only saw her briefly in the faculty room and heard only
  a snippet of her thoughts before she left. They seemed very cheerful and the
  images were of her in bed making love with her mistress. 
But this time I will keep my promise to continue Joshua Matlock's account
  of Chloe's story. 

When he awoke in the early morning light, he fucked me again but this time
  he seemed a little more kindly disposed to me. After he'd finished, he held
  me to his breast like a lover and although it hurt my still swollen tits I
  made no murmur of it. We talked for a while on my life at home but later I
  decided that was more to get information about my father and our household
  than for any real interest in my life. Soon he ordered me to get back to work
  and I limped down to the kitchen. Cook allowed Josie a few minutes to wash
  and dress my welts and then we both had to finish preparing breakfast. 
Work was painful but I know they only gave me the lightest jobs. Even so my
  body took all manner of little knocks but by the end of the day, I thought
  I was walking a little better and could stand almost upright. 
There were three women and a man as guests that night. The man, who seemed
  to be a business colleague, his wife, her sister and mother. It seems that
  the mother was trying to interest JeanPaul in the sister so I prayed I would
  not be needed that night. Neither Maria or I were asked to attend a training
  session but my thoughts of having a night to myself were dashed by the mother
  asking JeanPaul, "She looks as if she will be responsive. Is she available?" I
  felt Maria who stood alongside me waiting to clear the dessert plates, give
  me a little nudge and I remembered to hold my tongue. "Of course my dear Louise," JeanPaul
  answered, "Available but not fully trained. As you can see we've had to use
  stern measures with her. Take your apron off Chloe and turn round slowly." I
  did so and felt my face flush red but I doubt it showed through all the purple,
  brown and yellow patches on my body. "Don't take any nonsense from her," he
  went on, "She may be the daughter of an English lord but here she is the lowliest
  of servants." She seemed very impressed that she could take the daughter of
  Lord de Haviland to bed and her admiration for JeanPaul increased when she
  heard his version of how I had been captured. According to him I was stolen
  away from under the eyes of my parents and brought to the chateaux to be kept
  as a slave and hostage to ensure the co-operation of my father. 
Back in the kitchen I tried to find out what would be expected of me when
  I was called to her room. No one knew. Cook explained that all women were different,
  some wanted you to tongue them, others wanted to do it to you or spank you
  or make you do even more obscene things. It was therefore with much trepidation
  that I climbed the stairs to her room. I needn't have worried. "Come in," she
  said when I knocked. I stood shaking inside the door, "Come here girl, I'm
  not going to deliberately hurt you. I can see you've had enough of that," she
  went on, "Take your pinny and shoes off then help me out of my dress. You've
  not been to bed with a woman before?" "No ma'am, never," I replied. I'd heard
  that it was done and one of the girls I knew said they did it all the time
  at the boarding school she attended. "Well don't worry dear, you'll soon get
  the idea and I'm sure you'll enjoy it." She was a tall, elegant woman in her
  forties who wore a ring on every finger and a cascade of necklaces that hung
  between her breasts. The jewellery seemed to emphasise her nakedness. Soon
  I lay on the bed while she played with my tits and cunt. Several times I cried
  out when even her gentle squeezes caused me pain although I knew she wasn't
  really trying to hurt me. She didn't apologise but did try not to finger the
  worst places except with the lightest of touches. My raised and livid welts
  seemed to fascinate her and she kept kissing them 'to make them better'. It
  reminded me of mamma when I was a child and made my eyes wet. It was soon my
  turn to play with her body but she wanted me to be quite rough in the way I
  handled her breasts and I began to get a little aroused myself from it all.
  My cunnie became very wet especially when I had to lie on top of her with my
  head between her legs and hers between mine and our tongues delved deeply into
  the moist depths. We brought each other to climaxes and even though lying on
  top of her caused me some pain, I actually began to enjoy the sensations. 
When she'd had enough of this, she took me under the sheets and made me lie
  with my thighs between her legs and my mouth sucking one of her nipples while
  she held me tightly to her body. It took a little while for me to get used
  to her weight on my sore parts and I tried to respond when she rubbed her clitty
  on my legs. We went to sleep in like that and perhaps because I felt safe cradled
  in her arms, I had the best night's sleep since I was taken from my home. 
Light was coming through the windows when a man, the daughter's husband, climbed
  into bed alongside us, and awakened me. Louise commented, "Julie not up to
  it tonight?" "It's that time of the month," he answered. "Do you want me or
  her?" Louise asked. "Her first, then maybe afterwards" "I hope you can. Julie's
  been milking your balls too much lately and I've felt left out." I was astounded
  at the intimate conversation between the man and his mother-in-law and it was
  obvious they'd had carnal relations many times before. "Chloe here juices up
  well when tongued but I don't know if she will do so with a man's prick inside.
  Do be a little careful of her welts. Poor things had enough pain." The man
  however, seemed more concerned with enjoying his fuck than for my suffering
  and was soon pumping into me with gusto while Louise lifted the sheets and
  watched. Fortunately it didn't take long before he loosed his seed but it was
  Louise that took his prick and sucked it clean and then used her fingers to
  diddle me. 
At this point Julie walked in wearing just her knickers with padding inside. "Was
  she any good?" she asked her husband. "Not bad," he answered, "Still quite
  tight. Her cunt's no different to any other despite her blue blood. She doesn't
  put much effort into it either." I was horrified at that and wondered what
  JeanPaul might do if or when he was told but nothing was said. Julie came into
  bed with us and I could feel she was playing with her husband's prick and eventually
  it became hard. "Are you going to do her again or fuck mamma?" Julie enquired.
  He chose Louise and I had to watch as the pair of them rutted together. I could
  see what he meant by my not putting much effort into it. Louise thrust vigorously
  back every time the prick pushed into her as she was soon awash with sweat.
  As soon as they parted Julie sucked the messy prick and licked her mother clean.
  I was appalled at the incestuous relationship of the family but at that time,
  just thought it was the way of the French. Julie turned her attention to me
  and started to play with my tits and cunt like her mother had earlier and once
  again I became aroused and wet. My fear that I would be asked to lick Julie's
  menstruating cunt was fortunately unfounded. We all dozed for a while and when
  I awoke I knew it was quite late because one of the day maids came to the door
  and asked if the ladies would like any assistance to dress. They did and sent
  me back to the kitchen. 
During the morning I expressed my fears about becoming pregnant to cook and
  she told me quite bluntly, that JeanPaul had ordered I not be given the no-baby
  drink she gave to the other girls. He wanted me to be with child by a French
  father, a father who could not be determined because of the number of men who
  had serviced me. I had already lost count of the men I'd had on the boat and
  now in the Chateaux and estimated that I was now at the right time in my cycle
  to conceive. 
Several days passed and my welts were becoming less troublesome but still
  very tender to the touch. Most nights I had to attend JeanPaul either for just
  a training session or having to spend the night with him or other guests. Mostly
  the training was to use my mouth to better effect and to open my bottom more
  readily. After the first couple of days, JeanPaul's attitude seemed to soften
  towards me slightly and I was less afraid of getting another thrashing but
  always he demanded I obey him implicitly and I was at pains to do so. 
It was later that first week that I became reacquainted with the giant man
  who'd carried me from the boat. He was a carpenter who worked semi-permanently
  in the house and was a school friend of JeanPaul's. One lunchtime Cook gave
  me a tray of food with the instruction, "Take this to Maurice in the basement." I
  had no idea who Maurice was but when I approached the room I heard JeanPaul's
  voice as well as that of another man. It proved to be my friendly giant, and
  indeed he did come to be much more than a friend as I will tell later. He looked
  up when I approached. "Come in my little English princess," he called, "At
  least you can stand on your own two feet now even if your body is still a kaleidoscope
  of colour. Put the lunch over there princess and I'll get to it in a moment." I
  turned to go but before I did so he asked JeanPaul if I was available to him. "Of
  course Maurice, she is available to every one when I am not needing her. Have
  her for lunch if you wish and I have a lady guest tonight so you can have her
  then as well." 
I was only a little shocked as by then I was becoming used to being a chattel
  and used by anyone but I was a little fearful of what this huge man would do
  to me. Maurice indicated that I should stand out of the way and then continued
  discussing how JeanPaul would like the room fitted out. Finally JeanPaul left
  and I was alone with him. "Come princess, take off that apron and sit on my
  lap while I eat. Help yourself. Cook usually sends plenty even for a man with
  my appetite and if I find I need more I can always nibble at you." A huge smile
  spread over his face. I sat like a baby on his knee and while he scoffed the
  large slices of bread in one or two bites, I nibbled daintily at mine. This
  caused him some merriment but there was nothing spiteful in his humour and
  I found myself laughing too. Cook had only sent one tumbler for the wine so
  I had to drink from the same one as he, which I now did without thought. For
  a moment I remembered back to the first night on the boat when I was squeamish
  at drinking from the same tankard as JeanPaul and yet in the space of a few
  short days, I eagerly drank from the same glass as a carpenter. 
When all the food and drink had gone, Maurice started playing with my breasts
  and cunnie and I could feel his arousal next to my bottom. I guessed he would
  want to fuck me but when he spoke he was almost apologetic. "Princess, this
  is not the best place to fuck so perhaps we'll save that for tonight. For now,
  just give my prick some relief with your mouth. Don't worry because I am big,
  I won't try and hurt you. I can be very gentle." To me it seemed that his prick
  was in proportion to the rest of his body. None of those I'd had so far even
  approached it in size and I was afraid that I would choke if I took it right
  down my throat as JeanPaul was training me to do and that I would be split
  when he later took me to his bed. He must have seen the concern on my face
  for he said, "Don't worry princess, many other girls have taken it inside them.
  It may be tight and uncomfortable at first but you'll learn to enjoy it and
  I'll be careful with you. I don't want you damaged." 
I wrapped my lips around the bulbous end and he showed me how he liked the
  shaft massaged with my hands and it wasn't too long before I tasted his seed.
  There was rather a lot but my training paid off and very little spilled from
  my lips. Maurice grinned and ruffled my hair with his huge hands and said, "You'll
  make a good wife one day princess, whether it be to a prince or a peasant or
  even a carpenter." He grinned and kissed me as sent me back to the kitchen, "I'll
  come for you this evening after you've eaten," he called as I left. Josie commented
  on the time I'd taken to deliver the food and I mumbled that Maurice had made
  me stay. I could see cook was going to castigate me for making the others do
  my work and I quickly told her that JeanPaul had said he was allowed to. "If
  I find out that isn't true you'll feel that strap young lady. Fortunately one
  of the day girls said that JeanPaul had arrived late for lunch because he'd
  been with Maurice discussing alterations. In spite of all this, I think cook
  made me work extra hard for the rest of the day and my muscles were very sore
  by dinnertime. 
Maurice collected as he'd promised. He swept into the kitchen grinning as
  usual and spoke cheerily to the others and then turned to me, "Time to go princess.
  Sorry no carriage, just your own two feet but it isn't far to my palace." "Your
  pokey little hovel you mean," joked Maria, "All that's palatial in there is
  the size of your bed and that's only to suit the size of you cave man." After
  more banter Maurice took me to the outside door. I hadn't been outside the
  chateaux since I arrived and I was concerned that I was completely naked except
  for my shoes. However, at the door he took a cloak from a peg and before cook
  could say anything, wrapped it around my shoulders and called back to her, "Just
  to keep the chill night air from her. You wouldn't want to have to tend her
  colds now would you?" We all knew that wasn't the reason for the air was still
  warm from the heat of the day. 
His mother was in the kitchen when we arrived and I was introduced but she
  said grumpily, "I know who she is son, I saw her get thrashed and I saw you
  carry her screaming and wailing up here. I would be better if you found a girl
  you might marry instead of a English bitch you just want to bed." Tears formed
  in my eyes but Maurice just smiled and replied, "Now mother, you know that's
  no way to talk to a real lady." To me he said, "Don't worry princess, she's
  like that with every girl I bring home that's not well built and likely to
  give her dozens of grandchildren." With that he took me into his room and I
  could see what Maria meant about the size of the bed. It was enormous and it
  looked as if two of everything had been sewn together to cover it. "Maria must
  have been here to have seen it," I mused. 
He took my cloak and I removed my shoes while he undressed and I saw the whole
  of his body. It was huge and his muscles stood out powerfully. I seemed so
  frail and fragile beside him and yet he was so gentle with me but I feared
  the pain when his prick entered me. Now it stood proudly jutting out thick
  and solid from his body. My body shook slightly and when Maurice noticed it
  he cuddled me and said, "Don't worry princess, I'll go easy and it won't be
  too bad for you. Soon you'll begin to like it and want more. The other girls
  did. I watched with some apprehension as he took a small bottle of olive oil
  and liberally coated his prick and when I was in position rubbed some on me
  and got my juices flowing. "At least he is showing more consideration than
  JeanPaul and most of the other guests that have fucked me," I thought. His
  entry was a little difficult but he took it slowly and soon that massive trunk
  was inside me and I felt stretched to the limit. He waited a short while for
  me to accommodate him and then started to fuck me properly. Once he got going,
  his lust took over and despite the soreness I enjoyed it and in a way was sorry
  when he loosed his seed. He had me twice more that night and took me back in
  time for breakfast. Cook and the maids examined me and remarked on how puffy
  and red my labial lips were but I was soon set to work. All that day I could
  feel the tenderness between my thighs and I kept remembering the previous night
  and wondered if he would take me to his home again. I needn't have worried.
  For the whole of my stay at the chateaux he took me every night when JeanPaul
  or other guests didn't require me. We became lovers and as you know I brought
  him with me when we left France and came back here. But that is getting ahead
  of my story. 
After the first few weeks my life fell into a routine. Inside the house I
  was always naked apart from an apron and I was made to work hard just like
  the other maids. As she had promised, Cook treated me fairly and apart from
  my dress, or lack of it, no more was expected of me than it was of Maria or
  Josie. JeanPaul took me to his bed at least once a week and frequently there
  were guests, both male and female would wished to use me. Much of the bruising
  and colour disappeared from my body after six weeks and by then I knew I was
  pregnant but at that stage it made no difference to my work habits. About this
  time I had to watch as Cook punished one of the day maids who had through carelessness
  broke a jug full of red wine. It stained the linen cloth and no amount washing
  would get rid of it. Polly, the maid, was stripped bare and made to lie over
  the end of the kitchen table. She was a pretty young woman, older than me and
  bigger in all departments. Josie and Maria held her down by her shoulders and
  tears were already flowing because she knew what to expect. Cook took the strap
  down from the wall peg and then brought it lustily across the poor girl's bum
  with an almighty crack. I winced but that was only the first of ten. Polly's
  screams must have been heard all over the house and although there were no
  raised welts such as those that still showed on me, we all knew her bottom
  would bruised and sore for a week at least. She was given a few minutes to
  recover and then was ordered to help me clear up the mess. I tried to show
  some sympathy for her as we worked side by side, both of us naked for I had
  removed my apron for fear of staining it on the red wine. It was only when
  we'd completed the task that I was allowed to apply some ointment to her bottom
  and when I noticed she'd become aroused, I diddled her to a climax, for which
  she expressed her thanks. 
Some four months later it was my turn to be on the receiving end of the strap
  for a similar piece of carelessness. I swung round to joke with Josie and the
  jug I was holding hit the corner of an open cupboard door. Fortunately the
  jug was empty but it shattered into many pieces. My pregnancy was now showing
  which may have been why I was only given six but Cook laid them on hard and
  I was soon howling my eyes out. Josie put ointment on me later but I had no
  wish to sit for a long while. JeanPaul saw my reddened arse when I served dinner
  and I had to tell him the story of my misdemeanour and when dinner was over,
  made me bend of the back of a chair while he fucked my bottom. He did it hard
  and seemed once more to enjoy my suffering. When Maurice took me to his bed
  that night, he was much more considerate but like everyone else he didn't condemn
  Cook for what she had done. All thought I deserved the punishment. Lying awake
  later, I wondered if the servants at home thought the same way after I had
  ordered them punished for a minor offence that really was an accident. I now
  realised that they must feel pain in the same way as I did because I'd been
  a servant long enough by then to have hardened my body considerably. I didn't
  resent Cook for what she had done but I guessed some of my servants would have
  hated me for the petty things I'd had them chastised for. 
Not much of note happened until I gave birth to my first child. JeanPaul still
  did not allow me to cover my grossly distended body even though it was not
  warm in the house at that time of year. Every so often he went away for several
  days at a time I guessed on his smuggling exploits and on his return the last
  time said that my father sent his love and looked forward to seeing his grandchild.
  That was not to be, for I hardly glimpsed her before she was whisked away and
  handed to a wet nurse and taken to a convent. I was distraught as you can imagine.
  Having gone through the horrendous pains of childbirth, to have my baby taken
  from me was utterly devastating but there was nothing I could do. Maurice came
  to my bed and lay alongside me cradling me in his arms for the night but although
  they gave me comfort, it didn't please me. As is normal it seems for working
  mothers, I was only allowed to stay in bed for two days and then I had to return
  to my duties. JeanPaul inspected my cunt but it was still too open and he declined
  to use it. Maurice waited a week before he started fucking me again but as
  usual he was gentle. 
Two months later, I was again pregnant and in one of my down moods I forgot
  my position and upset JeanPaul with a comment I made. He called Cook and ordered
  her to strap me a dozen times. She had to lay it on hard because JeanPaul stood
  and watched and encouraged her to put more effort into it. By the time she'd
  finished I was a screaming wreck but JeanPaul just smiled and while I was still
  held down, forced his prick into my arse and buggered me as hard as he could.
  Cook apologised and said that I didn't deserve as many as she'd had to give
  me and told Josie to do what she could to ease my pain. We had guests in the
  house for the next two days and they demanded my services and delighted in
  aggravating my soreness by squeezing my bottom cheeks. Looking back on it,
  I think it was that thrashing that caused me to abort my second child and never
  to become pregnant again.' 
Chloe paused in her tale and seeing it was growing quite late and I had a
  rigid erection, I asked, "How then did you escape and get back to England?" 
'On what proved to be the last of his smuggling trips, JeanPaul and his crew
  were waylaid and he and three men were shot dead. My father who was also with
  them was mortally wounded from a bullet from JeanPaul's pistol because he believed
  father had laid on a trap for them. He survived a few weeks and in that time
  he was able to contact an admiral he knew who arranged for a frigate to go
  to the chateaux. We awoke one morning to canon fire from the frigate sailing
  in the bay. Maurice came for me and took me first to his home where he took
  some of his mother's clothes and made me dress and then we went a little beyond
  the chateaux walls and into the hills which we deemed safer. Other villages
  did the same. From there we could watch the scene below us. Under a barrage
  of canon fire, boats of armed seamen in bright uniforms rowed ashore and soon
  after several of the dockside workers came running in all directions looking
  for me. "They want you Chloe. They want to take you back to England," one of
  the told me when I was found. 
"Come with me Maurice," I pleaded. "You've kept me safe and I'll protect you.
  We'll say we secretly married and you are my husband." Without hesitation he
  agreed, "Where you go princess, I go also." No one ever questioned that I was
  not married to Maurice and when father died a few days after my return, I inherited
  the estate and we've lived there ever since. I like to think that I am kinder
  to my servants now and they seem genuinely pleased to work for me. Maurice
  still allows me to have an extra prick or two as long as he can dip his into
  other maidens but for the most part we are faithful to each other.' Chloe suddenly
  shook her head and looked at me aghast for a few moments. "You bastard," she
  swore and then laughed, "My God, that's some powerful force you have Joshua.
  Not a word from you about my not being married Thomas or I'll have your balls
  on a plate for breakfast." Thomas silently nodded. All of us were deeply affected
  by the tale of her suffering although it was many years prior to her telling
  us. 
I did take Chloe to bed that night and she was a great lover. Beatie also
  took a turn with her and enjoyed the experience. Apologies are due to the reader
  for the length of this tale but it did make a very deep and clear impression
  on my mind. Perhaps it was the most moving event the ring produced in all the
  time I wore it. 

[That ended the very long tale. I still wonder how, at his age and probably
  without spectacles, Joshua managed to write so much in such a small space.
  Perhaps he was very short sighted and held the book close to his face. 
Derek] 

Ring of Truth 

by obohobo 

Warnings 

Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 

Prologue 

After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 

Blog 14. A night in a hotel 

10th November 2004 
I'm sorry I didn't post a blog last Wednesday but I had to discus my research
  with my sponsors. This meant staying two nights in a small hotel in the Lake
  District, a venue chosen it seems more for its golf course than the convenience
  of its location. The directors of the company sponsoring me of course stayed
  in a top hotel but I shouldn't complain, my hotel was clean and friendly and
  provided the subject for this blog. 
On the home front, Anna seems much happier. I sat near here at lunch today
  and listened in to her thoughts. She'd a notepad alongside her and was working
  out menus at first this puzzled me but then it became clear that her mistress
  was spending the weekend with her and I had images of a pink bedroom with lace
  curtains and the pair of them cuddling between the sheets. 
Kathleen is getting on well and Rowlandson still seems to be co-operating
  and not trying to hassle her. She came to dinner with Sarah and me last Sunday
  and this brought curious looks from my student. Sarah has suggested that she
  might move in with me before Christmas. I know from her thoughts that it is
  more than 'might' as she is planning it for the weekend of the 18th and 19th
  of December. I always try and get off work early on Mondays because it is also
  Sarah's day off. Last Monday Mother invited us to dinner along with Jenny and
  Ralph and Jean. She's still very wary of me and whenever possible she will
  sit to one side, never directly facing me. At the end of the meal, Jean said
  to her, "You and Ray sit by the fire, us girls will wash up and that long pole
  of a son of yours can clear the table and put things away." Mother mildly protested
  but acquiesced. I puttered in the room collecting the spare cutlery and generally
  clearing the table but all the while listening in to my parent's thoughts.
  Father's mind was on the local team's poor performance at football the previous
  Saturday so I could easily shut his thoughts out. Mother's musings were far
  more interesting. Perhaps because of my presence, she thought about the bridge
  club and the embarrassment of having to tell the Pendergasts that her husband
  wouldn't allow her to play bridge any more and had sent her out to work so
  she wouldn't have the time. 

&lt;&lt;Oh, I nearly died of shame when Mary Pendergast asked, "Does Ray
    know what we do here?" She was really worried and thought they might have
    to close the club. I had to admit that he did and said he'd found out because
    of the semen in my vagina and the marks on my body. At least I didn't mention
    that the rest of the family knew as well or the real way they found out.
    Still cannot make out how Derek did it. It's either something that's occurred
    naturally or it's something he picked up at university. Sarah mentioned he'd
    done it to her but she wouldn't say what she'd told him. It's had some good
    effect though although I do miss the variety of things we did at the club.
    Ray's prick seems to have come out of retirement since then and there's not
    too many nights that we don't have sex in some form or other. Even when he
    can't get it up, he still tries to do me orally or I have to do it to him
    and if I seem reluctant, he's always ready to spank me. Not hard like that
    night but more than enough to warm my arse. Good job the kids are no longer
    at home. Wonder when Jenny will start getting pregnant? She says they're
    going to wait until she's thirty like many mums do these days. I expect Sarah
    will be like her too unless she gets herself in a family way to snare Derek.
    She says she won't and she seems honest enough about it. I like he a bit
    more now but I still think Derek should have done better for himself. They
    seem to get on all right with each other though. Think they might live together
    without getting married soon. Probably a good idea so he can dump her with
    less problems if the find they don't get on"&gt;&gt; I had to leave
    the room at that point but at least I learned mother's honest views on us
    and her improved relationship with dad. 
Back to the real subject of this blog. 
Also in the hotel where I stayed was a party of college students, eight boys
  and two girls. They'd been on a climbing holiday and were spending their last
  night at the hotel before returning home. It appeared they had booked a small
  youth hostel that would normally have been closed but they were given permission
  to stay there for their climbing in the mountains. The group had commandeered
  an alcove in the lounge and I sat with my laptop a few yards away going through
  my presentation for the directors on the following morning but the group kept
  distracting me. Although the spoken words were barely audible from where I
  sat, I could tell from the thoughts emanating from the alcove that one of the
  girls was having a hard time fighting off the attentions of the boys. It seems
  she'd been virtually forced to have sex with them at the hostel and they were
  now debating who should sleep with her that night. &lt;&lt;"I'm going to
  sleep in my own room, in my own bed with the door locked," the girl declared, "You've
  all fucked me quite enough for one holiday. Just because Melissa brought her
  boyfriend you all thought I was available for everyone's use. Not tonight!"&gt;&gt;  They
  argued, threatened and cajoled the girl but she was adamant. &lt;&lt;"Perhaps
  you fancy that geek in the suit with the computer then Sharon," one of the
  boys suggested looking at me." Couldn't be worse than you Bill Saunders," the
  girl retorted.&gt;&gt; 
A little later I heard the girl think it was time to get another drink so
  I got up and decided to get one too. We met at the bar and had to wait for
  someone to come through and serve us. "Hi," she greeted me. &lt;&lt;"He's
  not bad looking. Perhaps I should talk with him and get away from the other
  bastards for a while."&gt;&gt; 
"Hi," I returned, "I guess you're on holiday or a field study trip." I've
  grown fairly adept as asking indirect questions. 
"Climbing holiday. We've been at Black Tops Youth Hostel for most of the week.
  Heading back tomorrow. What about you?" I told her the reason for my being
  there. "I hope to go to Durham University next year if I get the right grades," she
  informed me in her northern accent. 
The barman came, "Ladies first," I smiled. &lt;&lt;"He's more of a gentlemen
    than the boys in my crowd. They'd have pushed me back."&gt;&gt;  She
    ordered a rum and coke and I had a shandy. "Put it on my bill," I told the
    barman and turning to her said, "It's okay Glenadore Products are paying.
    It's not a come-on. I've a girlfriend at home but I wouldn't mind someone
    to talk to for a little while this evening to get my mind off the dreaded
    presentation in the morning." 
Her face lit up with a mischievous smile, " Thanks. Maybe I'll do just that.
  I'm Sharon."  &lt;&lt;"That'll give Bill and his cronies something to talk
  about. Maybe I'll even go to his room tonight."&gt;&gt;  We sat at my
  table and she asked what my presentation was on and when I told her it was
  on the secondary infections caused by bedsores, she made a face and said, "Urgh!
  Gruesome," but then went on, "Can I see?" I warned her that some the pictures
  were indeed gruesome but said she wanted to see anyway. The group at the alcove
  had gone quiet and I noticed they were watching us and their thoughts showed
  a mix of puzzlement at what she might be looking at and a little anger at her
  having left them. The Powerpoint presentation started and she made various
  remarks on how horrible the sores were. "Is that a woman's arse? Yuck! That
  is gross!" 
This attracted the attention of the boys. "He's showing her dirty pictures," one
  called out and another strolled over, looked at the screen for a few moments
  and dashed for the door. "You're less squeamish than he is," I remarked. When
  he returned the presentation had changed to data information on the cures we
  had tried but he kept well away from the screen. "Is he still showing he dirty
  pictures?" asked one of the group when Dave returned. 
"Dirty enough to make Baby Dave feel sick," Sharon retorted. We tried to talk
  about my work and what she did at college but with interruptions and comments
  from her group it was difficult. "Derek," she whispered, "Can we go somewhere
  quieter to talk? If I suggested we go to your room, can we just talk and not
  get into sex. I've had enough of that these last few days." I agreed. I liked
  the girl and she had a lively wit and did seem interested in what I did and
  I was keen to find out about the previous few days. My feelings for Sarah would
  I hope prevent me from taking advantage of Sharon. "I'll see you all in the
  morning," she said to her companions when she picked up her bag from their
  table, "And don't even think about causing trouble because I'm going to alert
  security. If that doesn't work you I'll get Derek to show you all the picture
  that caused Davey to go green, and that includes you Mel." Somehow the fire
  and menace in her voice this time, kept them in their seats although they commented
  on the rude things we might do together. 
"This is a much nicer room than mine," Sharon observed when she entered and
  sat in the one armchair, leaving me to sit on the bed. "I'm sorry I got you
  involved in this but I've been fucked over enough this week by that lot." 
I'd brought a carton of orange juice with me and while I poured some for us
  I asked, "Do you want to tell me about it?" From previous experience I'd learned
  that these semi-direct questions didn't actual force people to answer but they
  usually did with almost the same frankness as if I had asked, "What happened
  at the youth hostel?" In addition they didn't have the same feeling of being
  hypnotised and saying things they had no wish to say. It didn't always work
  and sometimes a person would answer, "No, I don't wish to talk about it," and
  then I would have to drop the subject. Sharon though, seemed pleased to get
  it off her chest. She checked the door was locked, slipped off her shoes and
  then lay alongside me on the bed. 
She was silent for a while and then started. "I don't know why but I feel
  that I can trust you. I suppose I must because I'm in here on your bed in a
  locked room and am trusting you not to have sex with me even though I know
  you could overpower me so easily. It is all a matter of trust when you're climbing.
  You trust whoever you are roped to, to make sure they are properly belayed
  and can hold you in the event of a fall." Sharon paused. "I've climbed with
  most of the group on a number of occasions and we've had good fun so when the
  idea of this trip was mooted, I saw no reason not to go. I'd had sex with a
  couple of the lads before and Melissa was coming so I expected to share a room
  with her or have my own room if she wanted to sleep with Geoff, her boyfriend.
  That's how it worked out on the first night. I was on my own until about four
  in the morning when Dave crept in and slid under the covers with me. I started
  to object but after a bit of cuddling and kissing, I accepted the situation
  and eventually allowed him to fuck me. After that we fell asleep only to be
  woken by the duvet being pulled off but three of the boys. They laughed and
  joked and said that if I could do it for one, I could do it for all. "No way!" I
  protested but over breakfast they continued to bait me with their threats. "If
  I have to fuck you all the so should Mel," I retaliated but Geoff is the biggest
  and strongest of them and he simply said, "Anyone can fuck Mel if they best
  me first." That was highly improbable and Mel just sat and smirked. We were
  never best of friends but now I hated her for not supporting me. Anyway it
  all died down and things became normal when we were on the mountains. The weather
  was good that day and we had some great climbs and arrived back sweating and
  exhausted. 
Mel immediately stripped off in front of the fire, grabbed a towel and went
  to the shower room. She knew nobody dare touch her. Geoff followed and then
  Dave said, "Your turn Sharon, get your kit off." 
"Not with you lot leering on," I protested and went toward my room. I never
  made it to the door before many hands grabbed me and started undoing my buttons
  and zips. I shouted and swore but it made no difference. In no time at all,
  I was naked. The boys all undressed quickly and we all crammed into the showers.
  Mel and Geoff were drying themselves but my appeals to them to help were only
  met with laughter. So I was washed and felt all over by all seven of them and
  of course most of them sported erections before our shower was over. With all
  the feeling and touching, I couldn't help but get aroused and Dave noticed
  this and pointed it out to everyone when he dried me. "She's as wet as hell," he
  yelled out, "She's all ready and waiting for us. Let's go into the kitchen
  where it's warmer." I was half carried in there and the table was pushed to
  one side so there was space enough for a mattress on the floor. 
"This is rape," I screamed, "You'll go to jail for it when we get back." The
  more I screamed, the more I cried, the more I begged, the more it seemed to
  incense them. Geoff and Mel stood and watched but ignored my pleas for assistance.
  I was soon held and Dave fucked me first and he did it hard to show off to
  the others. Two more followed and one made me suck him. I was appalled and
  very frightened as this was only the first day. It could only get worse. Sometime
  during my second rape, I saw Mel take Geoff into their room and close the door.
  How I resented the fact that they could take their pleasure in private while
  I was forced to submit to every one in public. 
When four boys had had me, they decided very kindly that I needed a break
  and the remaining three would have me after we'd eaten a meal. They even allowed
  me the privilege, as they called it, of wearing my tracksuit top and pants
  but with nothing underneath. At least that was better than being totally naked
  especially as the hostel was only really warm in the kitchen area. I sat crying
  and sore throughout the meal and I think some of them now began to feel sorry
  for me. Geoff sent me to my room and had a word with them and without consulting
  me they agreed on a timetable for fucking me. Dave came in and gleefully announced
  what they had decided. Three beds were to be pushed together at nighttime and
  I would sleep in the centre one with a boy in the bed either side. These could
  have me at any time up until midnight and again from 5 a.m. One boy would have
  me after we returned to the hostel in the afternoon, and two more in the evening.
  These sessions would be limited to half an hour each. Then the last two boys
  would sleep alongside me the following night. There were no restrictions on
  where, or how they fucked me. If I made an undue amount of fuss, I would have
  my arse caned; they'd found a stack of bamboo plant sticks in the wood shed.
  I swore and cursed him and the others and threatened they'd lose their places
  in college when I reported it. Dave just laughed and told me to remember what
  would happen if I made an undue amount of fuss. I fully believed they would
  do so. 
I had to watch while they moved the beds and then they sent Jerry in. The
  other two who hadn't had me were to get the nighttime shift. Jerry was the
  nicest one and just undressed and came into bed with me. "Sorry Sharon," he
  whispered, "I know we shouldn't be doing this to you so if we can just pretend
  and cuddle a bit that will be okay with me." He kissed me and we cuddled and
  I felt his prick get hard so I told him to do it. One more fuck wouldn't make
  any difference. It was his first time and he was quite shy and gentle so I
  cuddled him for longer than the half-hour we were allowed. After that I put
  my tracksuit on and sat around the fire. I don't know if Geoff had ordered
  it, but everyone then treated me as if nothing had happened and we spent some
  time discussing the next day's climbs. 
At about ten o'clock the remaining two boys that hadn't fucked me, said it
  was time for bed and they even came into the loo with me to make sure I didn't
  lock myself away and they made me watch them while they pissed. Dan seemed
  to treat me like a slave and encouraged Ray to do the same. By the time they'd
  both had me twice it was nearly midnight and my cunt and tits were really sore
  and I just lay and sobbed. This annoyed them and they threatened to gag me
  if I didn't shut up. In the morning Dan said he was going to fuck my arse and
  I refused and put up a fight. The noise woke some of the others and Dave decided
  it was definite grounds for a caning. I called for Geoff to protest but the
  door to his room was shut tight. Only Jerry said it was wrong but he was pushed
  out of the way. Several boys held me across a bed while Dave laid on six real
  hard strokes and I screamed hellish loud, which finally brought Geoff in and
  he yelled, "You bloody fool Dave. Look at the marks you've put on her, they'll
  never fade by the time we get home and then if she complains we're in shit-street.
  We only agreed to threaten the cane, not use it." For a few moments I thought
  Dave was going to start a fight but eventually he put the cane down and walked
  out of the room. At this point Mel came in, "You boys are sick," she yelled
  at Dan. Geoff sent the other boys out with orders to leave me alone for the
  time being. Mel stayed but wasn't much comfort. Jerry came back and brought
  a bowl of warm water and bathed my welts and asked Mel if she had any cold
  cream or anything to put on them. He's actually quite a nice boy but very shy..." 
We heard a noise in the corridor and a voice she said was Dave's called out
  that she was a whore and would willingly go to bed with a stranger but wouldn't
  put out for her friends. They tried the door handle but of course it was locked.
  I called back, "I'm only photographing her welts and non-accidental injuries
  ready to email them. I'm a geek so I know how to do that." 
"You wouldn't do that would you Sharon?" Dave's voice sounded less sure now. "Think
  of your reputation too." I went to the door ostensibly to look through the
  peephole but I pressed my ring against the woodwork to hear his thoughts and
  those of the others. They all seemed very worried and urged Dave not to make
  the situation worse. After a few minutes we heard them move away. 
"Will you photograph my bum?" Sharon asked. I said I could do that if she
  wanted and got out the little Nikon Coolpix. She lowered her jeans and showed
  me the welts. They were still very red and no doubt the chafing of the denim
  material had made them redder. She also showed me the bruises on her breasts,
  which were now quite purple from the mauling they'd received. I took the pictures
  and downloaded them on to the laptop and then, after enhancing the appearance
  of the stripes, emailed them to her address. 
"At least you have some hold over them now," I remarked. We settled down on
  the bed again and she continued with her story. 
"Jerry's a nice lad and I've grown quite fond of him over the last few days
  but he's shy and rarely says anything and several times he's defended me. I
  think that at least some of the others are wary of him because he's almost
  as big as Geoff is but not as demanding. Anyway, I couldn't go climbing that
  day, it was too painful to walk and Jerry volunteered to stay behind with me,
  which of course, brought snide comments from Dave and his cronies. Jerry though,
  treated me like a gentleman and looked after me and made no attempt to have
  sex even though he treated my welts with cream several times. As it turned
  out the rain came midday and they all returned soaked through. Mel asked how
  I was but I knew she was only interested to see if I was going to be okay when
  we got back. Most of the others seemed to realise what they had done was wrong
  and a couple even apologised to me. 
There are no locks of the bedroom doors in the hostel so that night I asked
  Jerry if he would sleep in the bed next to mine. The three beds were still
  side by side and I deemed it safer to have Jerry there rather than be alone
  in the room. It poured the next day, so no one went out and we played cards
  and dominoes. All except the two D's Dave and Dan were especially nice to me.
  I was too sore to go climbing for the next two days even though the weather
  was good enough and everyone else went except Jerry. We went for a couple of
  short walks over well worn tracks and although I was sore afterwards, I enjoyed
  the day's out. On the second day we came back for lunch and I asked Jerry for
  put some more cream on me. He did so and I noticed he was bulging at the front
  and the soreness in my cunt had lessened so I asked him if her would like to
  fuck me. He was actually reluctant because he didn't want to hurt me but after
  the massage when he put the cream on, I insisted and he took me doggie style.
  That night, when all was quiet, I slid across into his bed and we did it again.
  None of the others know about this. Yesterday we walked back from the hostel
  to here and we get the early train back in the morning." 
"I doubt that you intend to take the matter further," I commented, "Otherwise
  Jerry would be implicated too but at least for a while you'll have a little
  power over them." She agreed and we lay still for a while. She relived the
  rape sessions in her mind and I saw them in all their gruesome detail. 
After a while, there was a gentle knock on the door. "It's Jerry," a soft
  voice said, "Are you okay Sharon?" I let him in and he hugged her. His concern
  for her was quite touching. 
"She's okay now," I replied for her, "Take her to her room and lock the door." 
At breakfast the pair came and sat with me and Jerry thanked me for befriending
  Sharon last night. Dave kept looking across at us and finally he came and in
  his sneering way asked without it being a question, "You didn't really take
  pictures of her last night." I took out my little pocket size digital and showed
  him them on the screen and his face fell until in front of him, I erased them.
  He started to smirk until I said, "I don't need them. They're in Sharon's inbox
  now. It's up to her what she does with them or whether she goes to the nurse
  and shows her how you treated her." He stomped back to his table looking quite
  worried.  &lt;&lt;"She's thinking of going to get medical advice. We still
  have to bloody well be nice to her for the time being. The geek's posted pictures
  of her arse and tits to her email."&gt;&gt; I heard him tell the others,
  although he spoke so we couldn't actually hear the words from where we sat. 
My presentation to the sponsors went well and by using the ring's powers I
  was able to anticipate some of their reservations before they made them. They
  seemed happy to continue their sponsorship of my work so I was pleased to.
  I was even invited to join them for golf but I declined citing that it was
  a long drive back for me. 
I apologise to any readers who emailed me in the last month. I don't open that
  account very often and in the move from one computer to another and from a
  dial-up service to broadband, I lost all the mail in there. Sorry. If the message
  was important please resend it. 
obohobo 
Ring of Truth
by obohobo 
Warnings 
Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 
Prologue 
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 
Blog 15. Robbery at Peregrave Hall 
17th November 2004 
[Little of any note on the home front so I'll go straight on with the next
  excerpt from Joshua's account. You may like to know The Angel is still a pub
  but these days has had to cater more for meals than for the local beer drinkers.
  The inside is now decorated with horse brasses and other agricultural paraphernalia
  supposed to add 'atmosphere' to the interior. A large conservatory has been
  added on at the back to give more space for the restaurant side of things and
  this looks out on to a beer garden with its plastic monkey slide and swings
  for children. I doubt if Joshua would recognise it now. 
Derek] 
Beatie and I moved into this house twenty-two years ago. Naomi had died
    about six months previously and the cook I employed to replace her did just
    that. She cooked and cleaned but never became part of the family. My business
    now only occasionally took me to the docks and I had a fancy to have a complete
    break from that part of London and the bustle and grime of the city. More
    people of a lower class were moving into the area, which made it less safe
    to go out at night. I wished to become a country gentleman although I quickly
    found that having lived in a town all my life, country life was vastly different.
    It took a year or so to adapt to the much slower pace of life and the way
    the weather and the seasons affected everyone's daily work. 
This house being smaller than the one in Poplar, Beatie could look after
    it like a normal wife would. Indeed everyone assumed we were married and
    neither of us sort to disillusion them. I did employ a maid to assist Beatie
    for three mornings a week, the cost of her was more than offset by my not
    needing a gardener on account of the grounds being so small. However I did
    have to rent space at the local stables for my pony and trap but costs are
    considerably lower here for most services. All things considered, I was financially
    better off in this village than in Poplar and while I couldn't consider myself
    a gentleman in the way the large landowners could, I was by no means at the
    bottom of the social ladder. 
Having been brought up with working people and owning an inn, I naturally
    visited the local hostelries. In the early days, I tried most of the ones
    in our immediate vicinity but the one I prefer to frequent is The Angel,
    particularly as it is only a hundred yards from the house. I've been going
    there on a Friday evening for almost as long as I've lived here. Friday's
    is when most workers get paid and the pub is filled and I'd spend a pleasant
    couple of hours in their company and particularly with Jack Filby who became
    a good friend even though he was only a lowly farm foreman. One Friday towards
    the end of my first summer here, the Angel was almost empty. It was harvest
    time and with the threat of rain in the coming days, every one was working
    late to get as much of the grain in as possible. I had neither the skill
    nor the strength for such work and my contribution was more to take a barrel
    of ale to them at lunch time and again at the end of the afternoon. It was
    dusty and thirsty work and even my small amount of help seemed appreciated.
    I had to suffer many good-natured jibes about my soft hands and my being
    a 'townie' but no harm was meant by it and I think I gave as good as I got. 
On this particular Friday, I sat in my usual corner and Rose, the barmaid,
    put my tankard of ale in front of me and stopped for a chat. "I should ban
    you from coming here," she joked, "You take those kegs of ale to the men
    and they don't come in here." 
"Yes, but you supply the ale anyway," I retorted, "The reason you would
    ban me has more to do with there being no one to flirt with and you consider
    me too old." So our banter continued until a man from a group of strangers
    sitting at the window table called her away to get them more ale. I sat back
    in my corner and listened in to their thoughts for they talked very quietly
    and secretly. I soon found out why. The shorter man was talking but it was
    the images and thoughts of his that I picked up. &lt;&lt;If this warm weather
    continues for tomorrow, and it is likely that it will, all the men will still
    be in the fields until late. We'll stay in the woods that overlook Sir bloody
    Peregrave's house until we see the maids take the master's supper to them
    out in the fields. That will only leave a few women and maybe a boy or two
    inside the house. The back door'll be left open so we'll go in and lock them
    all in one room and then take what we can find. Go to the main bedroom first
    and look for jewellery and stuff that's valuable but not too big. If today
    is anything to go by, we should have about half an hour before the maids
    come back. By then we need to be on our horses and away up the Dunchester
    road."&gt;&gt; I listened as he repeated his instructions to make sure the
    other two knew exactly what they were to do. My listening was disturbed by
    Rose who came and sat by me to chat until a couple of elderly villagers came
    in and she went to serve them. I left a few coins on the bar for her and
    said my farewells but instead of going home, went to our local constable's
    house and explained what was to happen without going into all the details
    that I'd heard. "Percy," I said to him, "I just heard a snippet of their
    conversation because most of it was too low for me to hear but it seems they
    plan to raid Peregrave Hall tomorrow evening." Percy looked thoughtful but
    didn't let on what he planned to do. It was no trouble to read his mind. &lt;&lt;"I'll
    get a group together and wait until they're inside the house and then we'll
    go in and nab them. Need enough men to have two stay at each door. That's
    six men and then perhaps four others. If we don't warn Sir Peregrave we'll
    catch them with the goods and there'll be no doubt of their guilt.&gt;&gt; "Would
    you be willing to make up one of the posse if I get one together for tomorrow
    evening?," he asked, "I don't want to take the men from the farm if I can
    help it." I of course agreed but pointed out that I had little in the way
    of fighting skills. 
The next evening we assembled at Jack Flynn's farm which borders on Sir
    Peregrave's land and he loaned us as much of his workforce as he could spare.
    Jack himself drove us hidden in a tumbrel half full of sheaves to the back
    of Peregrave's barn which was about a hundred yards from the house. We all
    slipped inside the barn except for Jack's fourteen-year old son who we sent
    off into a nearby field to play and watch to see if the men came. He was
    small framed and a bit lanky so he looked younger than he was. As soon as
    anything happened he was to run and tell us. It would only take him less
    than a minute, he being fleet of foot. Through various cracks in the barn
    woodwork we could also keep an eye on one side of the house. I knew nothing
    would happen until the maids left with the supper but I hadn't told the others
    so I guessed we were in for a fairly long wait. 
We heard rather than saw the maids leave. Their laughter and loud talk
    preceded our view of them. We heard horsemen ride up to the house and soon
    after the boy came running and yelling. Unfortunately it was his yelling
    that forewarned the robbers of our presence. We effectively cut off their
    escape but before we had time to get into the house, they'd bolted the doors.
    We could hear screams from inside but even with the ring, I couldn't hear
    what was happening; the walls were too thick. One lad started to scale the
    ivy to get to a balcony but before he reached it one of the robbers pushed
    open the balcony window and showed us Sir Peregrave's youngest daughter,
    April. The lass was about sixteen years old and a very pretty young lady
    she was too. She was bare from the neck down as far as we could see and it
    was obvious that her hands were tied. The robber held a pistol to the underside
    of her right breast. "Get back to the ground," he yelled at the lad climbing
    the vinery. "Everyone else back from the house or this bitch dies. Then all
    the other bitches in this house." We all retreated but kept the house surrounded.
    This was not what was supposed to happen. It was stalemate for a while. 
Half an hour later, just as Sir Peregrave himself arrived having been
    informed by one of our lads, the door opened and three older women and two
    boys were pushed out. One of the women went straight to where Sir Peregrave
    stood alongside Percy. She was weeping, "Sir," she started, "I have to give
    you a message from those men. They say you are to keep well away from the
    house and any attempt at entry will result in them killing your wife and
    daughter and the other maids that are still inside. They demand, and that's
    the word they told me to use Sir, they demand one thousand gold sovereigns
    before tomorrow evening and a safe passage from the area. They're horrible
    Sir. They'll kill them all if you don't do as they say." 
"They'll hang for this!" Sir Peregrave postulated. "It your incompetence
    Percy Thurgood. You should never have allowed them inside." 
Percy went red in the face but remained outwardly calm. "What's happening
    inside there now Martha?" he asked the woman. "Oh Sir, it's horrible. They're
    all in the mistress's bedroom with their hands tied and with no clothes on.
    They held a knife to Miss April's breast and made mistress and the others
    undress in front of them. When they were slow they nicked her breast just
    enough to make it bleed, then all of them ladies undressed as quick as they
    could sir." 
"How many maids are there?" asked Percy 
"Five maids, all the younger ones sir and mistress and Miss April sir.
    I think they intend to have their way with them sir if you don't get them
    out soon sir. Their breeches were well bulging sir. They did say they would
    have fun with them. That's what they called it sir" 
"Have they hurt anyone yet Martha?" interrupted Sir Peregrave. 
"Not really sir. Jenny got a clout to the head when she didn't move fast
    enough and of course, Miss April's cut." 
"And we daren't risk storming the place otherwise the ladies are likely
    to die," commented Percy. 
"Seems as if we've got to wait it out or you have to find the money, sir." 
"And while we wait those buggers are raping my daughter. Even if I could
    lay my hands on that much loose money, it will take me longer than a day
    to get it together. The bank in Dunchester will not open again till Monday." Sir
    Peregrave looked distraught. None of us could see a way around the problem.
    We couldn't even speak to the men. We were still debating what to do when
    we heard the balcony window open again and April was thrust forward and we
    could see where the rivulet of blood had run but fortunately it didn't seem
    too serious. The man holding her from behind threw a vase and when it shattered
    on the ground a note was inside it. 
"If you wish to talk with us, send the boy who so kindly
    warned us of your coming. He will not be harmed unless there is some trickery
    on your part." 
Jack Flynn was firmly against allowing his son to go inside the building. "You
    don't seriously expect me to send Paul in there where there are armed robbers,
    do you?" he protested. The fourteen-year-old would certainly be no match
    for three armed and seemingly ruthless men, that we knew, but would they
    harm the messenger? Or would they harm the girls if we didn't send him? It
    was a dilemma and one where at the moment the ring couldn't assist. Those
    of us around Sir Peregrave were about equally split as to whether the lad
    should be sent in. We debated the alternatives but there were none. However
    it was the lad himself that decided the issue. He dashed towards the door.
    They must have been watching because the instant he got to the door so it
    opened and he ran straight in. It quickly closed behind him. A quarter of
    an hour later the window opened again and the boy stepped on to the balcony.
    He too was naked but he waved to show he was unharmed and then shouted to
    us that we were to move further from the building. A little later, in the
    failing light, he ran from the house, still naked with his prick semi-erect,
    direct to Sir Peregrave. 
"Sir, they told me to remind you that any attempt to break into the house
    tonight would result in one or more of the ladies being killed. They also
    said they would cut one of Miss April's tits off and send it to you if the
    money and their safe passage weren't forthcoming by tomorrow evening. I'm
    to take your answer back while it is still light enough for them to see me
    otherwise one of the maids will die." Jack hugged his son but he pulled away.
    Percy tried to question the boy but Paul said, "I've been told not to say
    any more or talk to anyone other than Sir Peregrave. I have to stand away
    from the rest of you and you sir, must be the only one to come close when
    you are ready with your answer. They are watching us sir and the short one
    has his knife ready to hurt Miss April sir." 
Here I was at an advantage to the others. I didn't need to be close or
    to hear his words. Just as long as he thought about what went on inside,
    that was enough for me to get a clear picture. Paul's mind went over the
    events. I've sorted the jumble of thoughts to make them readable. &lt;&lt;"Upstairs," the
    man ordered after slamming the door shut. "Wow!" All those naked ladies.
    Seven of them, all sitting round the walls showing their tits and cunts.
    Must have been told not to cover themselves up. And that Miss April, God
    she's pretty, made my prick get hard to see her with nothing on. "Get your
    clothes off too boy!" I hated the way he pushed the knife towards April's
    other tit. It didn't take too long to shuck out of my few clothes and then
    the men laughed when I turned away to remove my breeches. How embarrassing
    it was when they made me show my prick to the ladies. I couldn't help getting
    a hard-on. "That's right boy, that's what those girls want to see. They'll
    see and feel it later," the short bloke said. I wonder if I will get to fuck
    one of them? At least they won't laugh at me like Betty did. "Go out on to
    the balcony and wave to them and tell them to move further away from the
    building while I think what to tell you to say to them," Shorty said. The
    short bloke seemed to be in charge and he seemed also to be the meanest one.
    Then one of the maids, she was pretty too, started squealing. I saw why when
    I went back. One of the three, the long haired one, had her over the bed
    and was putting his prick into her. Not like I've seen dad do it but more
    like a bull does a cow, from the back. He rammed her good too. The others
    looked a bit shocked so I guessed they would be fucked too. I couldn't help
    it if my prick stiffened even more. Maybe I'll get to do one if they let
    me go back. I think they'll have to. I'm sure they'll hurt one of them if
    I don't. They're very mean and I guess they'll hang if they get caught. Perhaps..."&gt;&gt; 
"Take this message back to them boy," Sir Peregrave went to him, "Say
    Sir Peregrave will ride to see the bank manager tonight to see if he will
    open the bank and supply the funds. It should be closed now until Monday.
    Please plead with them not to defile my wife and daughter." As the boy hurried
    to the house, his mind said, "Not much chance of that if the maid was anything
    to go by." Darkness fell and I could see nothing more was going to happen
    outside the house until Sir Peregrave came back from Dunchester so I went
    home to bed. I was up again at first light and after a quick plate of porridge
    went to the house and joined those who'd been there all night. There was
    nothing much to report. Candles had burned in the mistress's bedroom for
    a while and always it had seemed that one of them was watching from the little
    clock turret that spouted like a miniature church spire from the centre of
    the roof. 
Sir Peregrave returned about eight almost empty-handed. The safe needed
    three keys to open and each key was held by a different employee. One of
    them had gone to Sandswick to see a sick relative that weekend. The director
    had been able to find nearly fifty sovereigns of his own money but that was
    all. We doubted it would be enough when they'd asked for a thousand. The
    director was sending someone over to Sandswick but doubted they would be
    back before nightfall especially as they didn't know where in Sandswick the
    man went and it's a sprawling place. Then the safe had to be opened and the
    money brought from Dunchester to here. There seemed no way it could be done
    before nightfall. 
When he'd explained all this to us, we all were concerned as to what the
    men would do. Would they accept it as true and extend the time or would they
    disbelieve us and harm one of the girls? We watched as Sir Peregrave walked
    gravely to an open space and waved. A few minutes later, Paul appeared and,
    still naked, ran across the grass. We all noticed that his prick hung down
    and looked well used. Jack called out, "Are you alright son?" "Yes, Dad,
    I'm fine," he called back and then reminded everyone that he must only speak
    with Sir Peregrave. "How's my daughter? How's my wife?" Sir Peregrave asked
    most anxiously. Paul was rather guarded in his reply and I could hear his
    mind remembering the way both of them had been fucked. "They're not hurt
    Sir. That's all I'm told to say. It's not wise to talk about what happened
    in the house. I'm being watched and they'll force me to talk when I get back." The
    lengthy explanation the boy was given for the delay in getting the money
    was told in so many words that the boy became confused and asked, "Can you
    write it down sir please. I don't wish to get it wrong." Of course no one
    had pen or paper but someone ran to a nearby house and returned with the
    materials and Sir Peregrave wrote the note. This gave me chance to read Paul's
    thoughts. As soon as Paul returned last night and the place was properly
    barred, Shorty forced April on to the bed and 'Zeb' the third member of the
    trio put her mother alongside her head to tail and then the two men fucked
    them both. Shorty forcibly took April's virginity and the wiped his blood
    smeared prick on her breasts after he'd finished. Both sobbed bitterly and
    although Paul felt sorry for them, his prick hardened. Shorty then asked
    the boy, "Which one of the maids would you like to fuck?" Paul didn't know
    how to answer and stuttered a bit so Shorty ordered a maid by the name of
    Lizzie to lie on the floor and told Paul to fuck her. "She's the youngest
    of them and nearest to your age boy. Fuck her good and fuck her as often
    as you like." When Paul was still reluctant to do so, Shorty slapped the
    mistress's breasts hard and made her cry out. Paul enjoyed the experience
    with Lizzie and fucked her twice more a little before dawn. Lizzie didn't
    seem to mind too much and Paul wondered if he would be allowed to fuck the
    others or even April. Long Hair had one of the other maids but before breakfast
    April and her mother had been fucked twice more. The robbers seemed to enjoy
    defiling them probably because of their position in society. 
Early morning Lizzie was partly released but had her ankles tied with
    a hobble so she could only take short steps. They then tied a rope tied around
    Paul's and Lizzie's waists with about six feet between them. "Get some breakfast
    for all of us," Shorty ordered, "No tricks otherwise I'm sure you can guess
    who gets hurt." It took a little while but they managed porridge and ham
    and eggs. The rope nearly caused a disaster getting the food up the stairs
    but they caught themselves just in time. None of the prisoners or Paul was
    allowed a knife but their wrists were temporarily freed but they daren't
    attempt to escape because of the risk to others. Several of the maids pleaded
    that they needed to piss so Lizzie and Paul were sent to bring a bucket and
    everyone had to use that. Even the mistress and April had to perform in front
    of the maids and the men. 
Paul ran back with the note and the bag of sovereigns. Hours later Paul
    returned. This time cloth was bound round his mouth. He ran up to Sir Peregrave,
    gave him a note and ran back a few yards and sat down. It was obvious he
    was not to talk to us and had to wait for a reply. 
'Your tardiness to produce the money and a guarantee of
    safe passage had already resulted in your wife and daughter being well fucked.
    They will now be whipped and fucked in the arse.' 
Sir Peregrave fumed but then took a pen and replied, 
'Sirs, I am doing all that I am able to secure the money
    and the constable is arranging for your horses to be ready and for you to
    leave by the Dunchester road. Please, I beg you, leave my wife and daughter
    alone until I can finally arrange things to your satisfaction.' 
I didn't have much time to learn what was going on inside the house and
    Paul's thoughts were mainly concerned with Lizzie. He'd fucked her again
    but apparently the robbers had worn themselves out and needed a little time
    to recover. 
An hour later April and her mother were paraded on the balcony, their
    backs and arses livid with the stripes from having received a sound thrashing.
    Sir Peregrave was very angry and shouted at everyone around him, particularly
    at Percy but there was nothing we could do. A woman relative tried to calm
    him but he brushed her aside. 
The bank manager had come up with a further two bags of fifty sovereigns
    which were donated by friends of Sir Peregrave and these arrived a little
    after midday. Sir Peregrave wrote a note and held the bags aloft. Paul came
    and looked distressed. The sight and sounds of the women being thrashed had
    upset him. He held another note. 
'We'll flog their front's next if sufficient money is not
    forthcoming before sunset.' 
Paul's mind was filled with images of the flogging and the screams of
    all the women in the room. As if this wasn't bad enough the sight of the
    two screaming when their arses were forced and fucked almost made him faint.
    Some of the maids did swoon away. 
Sir Peregrave added further pleas to his note and sent Paul back. 
"We've got to get into the house, Thurgood. They'll never wait long enough
    for the money to come through. Even if it does, there's nothing to say they
    won't kill them any way." He berated Percy loudly for his handling of the
    robbery and this was overheard by one of the scullery maids, a middle aged,
    sour-faced woman. 
"You should ask Rogers how to get in sir. He does it when he gets back
    late from seeing his strumpet sir." Rogers, a lean, lanky fellow, was brought
    to us and at first he didn't admit anything until Sir Peregrave promised
    he wouldn't take any action against him for the breaches of house rules. "There's
    a window at the back sir, where the catch is lose and the vine is thick.
    I've trimmed the vine in places so I know where to put my feet even in the
    dark and I always take a table knife with me to slip in the window join and
    lift the catch. It's easy sir and since I put fat on the hinges, it makes
    little noise. Sorry sir, but Rona and me don't get much time to meet and
    we hopes to marry soon." The boy looked shamefaced and half expected to be
    sacked. 
Percy spoke before the master could reply. "You can get in without anyone
    knowing and you could unlock the back door? Quietly?" "Yes sir," Rogers answered
    confidently. We discussed how we might surprise the robbers and overpower
    them but Sir Peregrave was still concerned as to what might happen to his
    wife and daughter before then. Late afternoon a messenger from Sandswick
    informed us that the third keyholder had been found and was making his way
    back to Dunchester. They would open the vault at first light and the money
    would be here mid-morning. Sir Peregrave wrote another note and held it up.
    Paul came out looking a little weary and his prick looked as if it had been
    well used. "Have they beaten the ladies any more?" he was asked when Sir
    Peregrave handed him the note. The boy almost imperceptibly shook his head. &lt;&lt;"They've
    been well fucked though and they made me do April,"&gt;&gt; I read as the
    boy turned and hastened back. We sat and waited quietly straining our ears
    to catch any sound that might reveal that the robbers were whipping the ladies
    again but all was quiet. 
Percy ordered a fire be lit in the front of the house. They'd lit one
    the previous night as the air got quite chill when darkness fell. This time
    he wanted a bigger one with more people there to distract the watchers attention.
    That night the candles went out earlier and we hoped it was because the robbers
    were weary from all their fucking and having been awake the previous night.
    I'd brought a cask of ale from the Angel before sunset and Percy told people
    to act like they were having a party but to keep sober. The candles had been
    extinguished for an hour when Percy, Rogers and three other men two of whom
    were poachers and the other a gamekeeper blackened their faces and put woollen
    socks over their boots. Jethro, one of the poachers, told Percy to stay well
    behind them, as his big clomping feet would soon give them away. Singly they
    made their way in the darkness and although I had sight of the back door
    and knew what they were doing, I didn't see them arrive there. These men
    were used to walking unseen in the night. I did catch a fleeting glimpse
    of Rogers as he ran across an open area but I doubted if those inside could
    have seen him. Long minutes later the back door cracked open. Those around
    the fire had no idea of what was going on and kept carousing which I hoped
    was a good thing. Sir Peregrave shaking, stood alongside me in the shadows
    and we waited for seemingly ages. I knew he wanted to go in but was persuaded
    the others were more likely to be successful if he was out of the way. At
    least the silence from inside was a good sign. The men were inside and undetected.
    Suddenly there was a terrible scream as the man in the tower plunged over
    the parapet to his death. Inside there was turmoil with screams from the
    women but it quickly subsided and candles were lit. We made our way inside. 
Both robbers were laid out cold on the floor and Percy and the poachers
    were securing them with rope from the freed victims. I took in the sight
    of the naked ladies but they quickly found sheets and covering for themselves.
    The gamekeeper had made his way to the tower and tipped the long-haired one
    over the edge while the poachers armed with cudgels, made their way to the
    bedroom. With eyes used to the darkness, the dim light from the bonfire was
    sufficient for them to see the villains and before they woke were knocked
    senseless. Mistress Peregrave and Miss April were in bad shape and barely
    moved until the maids recovered sufficiently themselves to help them. 
I often wonder what would have happened if I hadn't worn the ring and
    the robbery had gone ahead as planned. Certainly there would have been fewer
    traumas to the victims and it would have been most unlikely they would have
    been raped or thrashed in such a vicious way. Sir Peregrave would have lost
    a few jewels and a little money but that would have been all. Now he had
    to contend with women who had suffered greatly. Worse was to come. April
    and Lizzie both became pregnant. The father of April's child would never
    be known but Paul was the only one to fuck Lizzie. Although he was still
    young and rather immature for his age, her parents forced him to marry her
    but it seemed to work out and she had four more children by him. April's
    child was given for adoption and she moved from the area to live with her
    sister and I heard no more of her. The two robbers were later hanged outside
    Dunchester prison. 
Looking back on it all now, I realised that it would have been far better
    for me to have kept quiet on what I learned in The Angel but at the time
    I thought I was acting in everyone's best interest. The ring doesn't always
    work to advantage. However, I tell myself, that had not Paul alerted the
    robbers it could so easily have worked out as we'd planned  but then Paul
    would not have married Lizzie. 
Ring of Truth 
by obohobo 
Warnings 
Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 
Prologue 
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 
Blog 16. A Gay experience 
24th November 2004 
I spanked Sarah on Sunday. It was only the second time that I had done so
  and she more or less provoked me into doing it. She was on her period and a
  bit grumpy to start with and when I tried to get her to name a date for her
  moving in with me she snapped at me and said tartly, "Perhaps I never will." As
  she turned away her thoughts came through, &lt;&lt;"I shouldn't have said
  that, I can see that it hurt him and I know I love him but is he man enough
  to put up with me?"&gt;&gt;  Hearing this I snatched her wrist as she
  started to walk away and I dragged her to one of the kitchen chairs. She struggled
  and said some rather nasty things about me but eventually I got her across
  my lap and bent one arm up her back. In between her verbal cussing, I heard
  her inner voice, &lt;&lt;"I think he is going to spank me. Perhaps he is
  going to show me that he's a man, a man that I've got to respect."&gt;&gt;  Luckily
  that day she was in her 'cleaning outfit' which was an old tracksuit with an
  elasticated waistband so I was able to lower her pants with one hand quite
  easily. Her knickers were a little more awkward but I finally slid them and
  her pad down far enough to bare her bottom. Up until then her struggles had
  been difficult to control and she'd kept up a torrent of verbal abuse. Now
  she lay still as if waiting for the spanking. I didn't keep her waiting and
  spanked her as hard as I thought I dared until her bottom became very red and
  she started to cry and plead with me. I ignored the first round of begging
  and continued until my hand started to sting and her inner thoughts told me
  she'd had enough. 
Remembering what Terry had done to her afterwards, I bent her over the kitchen
  table and put spittle in and around her bottom hole and pushed my prick in.
  I took it slowly because we'd only done it that way twice before but once I
  was in I fucked her properly and hard and at the same time diddled her clit,
  which I know she likes. She came some time before I did. Afterwards we cuddled
  and kissed and her mood returned to normal. "Derek," she whispered, "after
  we'd made up, "I know you're not Terry but I still have reservations about
  moving in with you for good. What I would like to do is to move much of my
  stuff before Christmas so I spend Christmas here with you and treat this as
  my home. I thought I would keep my place on until the end of February and keep
  a bed and cooking stuff there until then so that if anything goes wrong, I
  still have that as a bolt hole. I don't believe it will, but I would like it
  to be there just in case." I agreed with her and then she asked if I would
  put cream on her bottom, which of course I did. 
My desire to spank Sarah was provoked to some extent by a voyeurism experience
  during the previous week. I'd gone to see the Bursar over a funding problem. "I'm
  sorry Dr. Meeks, Dr. Graham is in a meeting at the moment. I've no idea how
  long it will go on for, could be five minutes or it could be half an hour.
  These meetings don't usually go on longer than that. Would you like to wait
  or come back later? I could ring your lab when he'd free," his secretary informed
  me. 
"I think I'll wait, if you don't mind Mrs. Forgill. It's pouring and it's
  a long trek back across the campus to the lab." I settled down in a comfortable
  chair, put my folder on the chair beside me and picked up a motoring magazine
  from the table. I wasn't interested but it was either that or one of the women's
  magazines. Mrs. Forgill's thoughts were entirely concerned with the letter
  to the students she was editing so I shut my mind out to her. I'd hardly settled
  down when a mature student that I knew slightly came in and received the same
  information concerning Dr. Graham's availability. He decided to wait too and
  gave me a standard greeting, "Morning Derek, how's it going?" and I gave the
  usual reply, "Not so bad, Rod, and you?" 
In my early days at the university I'd met him at a few lectures and knew
  he was a graphic arts student who'd worked in industry for many years and now
  wanted to get qualifications in the newer computer technologies. We made a
  few remarks about the weather and the work we were doing but we had little
  in common so he picked another magazine and settled down to wait. He sat with
  the magazine open but not turning the pages. Thinking they would be more interesting
  than the magazine I had, I listened in to his thoughts. They certainly were
  more interesting and I was glad I still wore my lab coat to hide my erection.
  I hadn't realised he was gay and the dominant one in the relationship. The
  story that follows has been edited and put into a readable format. Like most
  people, Rodney's thoughts were disjointed and flitted from one idea to another
  but, having learned from my experience with Anna, I took a notepad from my
  folder and started making notes. 
&lt;&lt;"I wonder if Stephen is able to sit comfortably yet? He shouldn't
    have two-timed me with that boy on holiday."&gt;&gt; The images that
    came through showed a boy younger and smaller than Rod and then of a badly
    striped arse. It almost made me sick to see it. I've put the events that
    occurred over the weekend into chronological order and am narrating them
    as though Rod was telling me the story. 
'Mid-afternoon on Saturday, I met Stephen at the airport on his return
    from a two-week package holiday in Cyprus. We kissed each other fully and
    passionately, which caused some raised eyebrows from the people nearby but
    in the two years we've been together, we've got used to that and then I headed
    for the motorway and home. I questioned him a little about his what he'd
    done while he'd been on Cyprus but he only gave me short almost non-committal
    answers. At first I put it down to tiredness but as the journey progressed
    I realised there was more to it than that and there was something he was
    nervous about telling me. I resolved to find out as soon as we were home.
    Driving along busy main roads was not conducive to that sort of questioning. 
Inside the house, I hugged and kissed him and then slid my hand down and
    gripped his prick through his trousers and I was surprised when he pushed
    me away. "Rodney, there is something I have to tell you. Can we sit down?" I
    began to fear the worst and I was sure he intended to tell me he'd found
    someone else but he started my reassuring me on that score. "Rodney dear,
    I want you to know that I do love you and always will and what I did on while
    away was no more than a holiday fling. It was just too tempting for me to
    resist." 
He must have noticed the sad look on my face for he went on the reiterate
    his undying love for me and came over and gave me another kiss but I was
    angry and pushed him away. "You'd better tell me about it." The words came
    out with more venom than I intended and tears formed in Stephen's eyes. 
"I know I did wrong but please forgive me. Punish if you wish. Punish
    me hard, but don't send me away. It was just so tempting and I couldn't resist," he
    pleaded. 
"Tell me about it," I repeated. 
"You know I ticked the 'Willing to share box' on the booking form to save
    paying the exorbitant single room fee, well my roommate was a boy, Terry,
    about a year younger than me. He was good looking and friendly and a virgin
    with both boys and girls although I didn't find that out until later. The
    hotel room was pretty standard with twin beds and en suite facilities but
    the shower room was pretty small so I after wiping the worst of the water
    off me I came into the bedroom to finish drying. I noticed Terry kept giving
    me little sideways looks but didn't look directly at me. I started to harden
    a bit but got dressed and he went into the shower but kept a towel around
    him when he came out. After eating in the restaurant we had a couple of beers
    and went to bed. He wore pyjamas but I went naked, same as we do here. I
    got glimpses of his body as he undressed but hardly saw his prick. What I
    did see attracted me and I lay in bed and wanked. He must have known what
    I was doing because quite a lot of light came through the thin curtains from
    the street lamps. Just before I erupted I reached out and took a tissue from
    the box on the dresser and I saw that he was surreptitiously watching me
    so I made a little show of raising the sheet and pushing the tissue down
    to my crotch. Neither of us spoke. I dozed for a bit and woke to see that
    he was very gently massaging his prick under the sheet. I wondered if he
    normally did it in bed or whether hearing and seeming me had made him horny. 
I heard him get up and go to piss the next morning and as he was coming
    back I swung out of the bed. As usual I had a piss-hard on and I stood up
    so he could see it in all its glory. He stopped in his tracks. "Are youare
    you one ofthem?" he stuttered. 
"Yep," I answered with a grin, "I live with my boyfriend and sleep in
    the same bed, but you don't have to worry. If it offends you, I won't try
    to force you." He stuttered something like, "No," and other words, which
    were unintelligible. "Look," I tried to sound soothing, "I know you wanked
    last night the same as I did. There's no need to be ashamed of it, every
    normal man wanks so now you know about me, you can do it more openly or we
    can do it together. I won't go any further than you want to go." His face
    went quite red but he sat on his bed opposite me and looked at my prick and
    I started to rub it a bit. "Can I see yours?" I asked. It was already tenting
    out his pyjamas. It seemed to take him ages to make up his mind but in the
    end he opened his pyjama jacket and lowered the pants to reveal a prick about
    the same size as mine. "Nice," I remarked and went and sat alongside him.
    I gently took hold of it and started to rub it. At first I thought he was
    going to pull away but he didn't and neither did he demure when I put his
    hand around my prick and we mutually wanked each other. We both shot our
    load in tissues and by then it was time to go to breakfast. 
Nothing else happened during the day. The morning was spent on the beach
    and the afternoon going around the docks. Even in November, the sun there
    is pretty warm so we arrive back soaked with sweat. "We've time for a nice
    long shower before dinner," I said, "You care to join me?" Again he hesitated
    but finally said, "Yes." Of course being naked together got us both hard
    and I got to suck his prick for a short while and he tentatively sucked me
    too. We didn't do it for too long because I wanted to save myself for later. 
There wasn't too much going on in the lounge that evening so we took a
    couple of beers to our room about nine-thirty and for a while just talked
    about our jobs and stuff. After a bit it went quiet and I picked up a magazine
    and flipped the pages. Terry sat and watched me and I knew he was trying
    pluck up the courage to say something about what we did before breakfast.
    Eventually he burst out, "What do you and your boyfriend actually do when,
    you knowyoudo it? I've heard stories but have never met anyone who I knew
    was actually gay." 
I told him, "We cuddle and kiss, fondle and suck each other off or fuck
    each other in the arse." After that there were more questions particularly
    concerning how much it hurt to be fucked in the arse. "The only way to find
    out," I said after we'd talked about it for some time, "Is for you to try
    it. We'll do it in easy stages so you can tell whether you'll like it or
    not." Eventually Terry allowed me to undress and kiss him until he was very
    aroused. "Would you like to try sixty-nining?" I enquired, "Rod and I always
    suck everything down and make sure the other's prick is nice and clean when
    we've finished but if you want to spit the spunk out, just keep a tissue
    close by." Once my prick was in his mouth he seemed very eager to suck and
    took down everything I produced and kept sucking until I was hard again and
    had shot a second load into his mouth. He certainly seemed to enjoy my ministrations
    to his weapon and didn't want me to leave and return to my own bed so we
    spent the night cuddled together. In the morning, when we both woke with
    hard-ons he asked to suck me again. This time I sat on the edge of the bed
    and made him kneel and suck my prick that way and when he got started I began
    fucking his mouth, gently at first and then much harder. He didn't make any
    objections and swallowed everything again. I returned the favour and then
    we went to the toilet and held each other's prick while we pissed. After
    that he told me he wanted to learn everything homosexuals did to each other
    and I promised to teach him. 
Later that evening I put a condom on him and let him fuck my arse. He
    was over the moon with the sensation and pleaded with me to do it to him.
    I warned him the first few times might be painful but he insisted and I put
    some Vaseline in his hole and on my condom and gradually eased it in. He
    grunted a few times but didn't stop me so once I was really in and he became
    used to it I fucked him. Thereafter we fucked and sucked each other at least
    twice a day and by the end of our stay, we fucked as hard as we could. 
There was one other little incident you might like to know of. It was
    the Tuesday evening of our second week and Terry was fucking my arse when
    in walks the maid. She stopped, watched for a few moments and then apologised
    and left. We'd forgotten to put the catch on the door. Next day just before
    dinner, there was a knock on the door and when we opened it, one of the men
    on the hotel staff came in. "Nina say you like men fuck-fuck, yes?" I nodded
    slowly wondering if he wanted to fuck us. "You like see man fuck-fuck show?
    Private show?" In halting english he told us that he knew of a place in town
    where we could see men with big pricks fuck each other. He would take us
    there if we paid for him to go in. The price seemed a bit steep but we could
    afford it so we went. We found his name to be Manuel and we went through
    to part of the old town to a little place on an industrial estate. We paid
    and when we went in we were given a pack of three condoms. A man dressed
    only in a toga kind of thing that showed his prick when it swayed, then showed
    us to seat in a room with a round central stage only about a foot high. All
    the seats were arranged around this. On the stage was a bed and one or two
    bedroom type bits of furniture. Manuel told us to open our trousers and put
    a condom on, "It's so there is no mess on the floor," he explained. When
    our eyes became used to the dim lights we could see all the other men had
    their pricks out and were sporting erections. You should have seen it Rod.
    About twenty-five hard pricks all on display and everyone looking at them
    or showing them off without any embarrassment. 
After a bit the lights dimmed further and the stage lights came on. A
    minute later the door of the room flew open and two men dragged a young lad
    in. They jabbered in Greek but we gathered they had supposedly dragged the
    lad in off the street. He struggled but they managed to pull or tear all
    his clothes off and then they tied his hands behind his back. They paraded
    the lad around the edge of the stage so we could all see his small, erect
    hairless prick. He looked about twelve but I guessed he was actually much
    older and it was his make up that made him look young. All the time he kept
    appealing to us in the audience to help him but of course no one did. The
    two men undressed and showed us their huge pricks, ten inches or more, they
    were and thick with it. During their undressing the boy tried to escape but
    was held by members of the audience who grabbed him by his balls. The men
    sounded very angry and one held the boy over the end of the bed while the
    other took a leather strap and thrashed the poor lad's arse. It was a real
    thrashing too. You heard the crack of the leather, saw the flesh flatten
    and then redden. When I looked around I noticed many of the pricks had already
    spurted and you could see the teat end of the condom was full. A local man
    took my hand and put it on his softening prick and then proceeded to wank
    me until I came. Meanwhile on stage the thrashing had stopped and one man
    was forcing his mammoth prick down the lad's throat and the other up his
    arse. No condoms so I guess they'd been checked out medically. Both pulled
    out just before ejaculation and sprayed the poor lad's body with their spunk.
    Afterwards we were allowed on stage to look and touch the men and the boy's
    pricks. 
There was an interval for about half an hour but the interval was more
    for audience participation. Most of the men there knew what was going on
    but we worked it out later. Those who'd shot their load and hadn't revived
    grabbed those who still had an erection. Some fat old Greek grabbed me, dropped
    his trousers and indicated that I should fuck him. I didn't really want to
    but thought there might have been an ugly scene if I didn't. It wasn't the
    most pleasurable fuck I've had. I looked to see where Terry was and saw he
    was on stage sucking the big prick that had been up the lad's arse. He was
    gagging a bit but couldn't do much about it. At first I couldn't see the
    other man but shortly he came around from the other side of the stage and
    straight towards me. "Englishman, you come," he beckoned and then grabbed
    my arm. "I'd just shot my load into the fat Greek Cypriot and was dragged
    on to the stage. There were chants that sounded like 'fuck his arse' and
    I found myself being pulled over the edge of the bed, just as the boy had
    been. I wasn't going to allow this but there were too many hands holding
    me to do anything more than yell at them. The man put some lubrication in
    my hole and then raped me. It was nothing but rape. I was held down and he
    fucked me without any thought for my pleasure or the thought that he was
    hurting me. And it certainly did hurt at first but gradually I became used
    to the length and girth and the way it hammered at my prostate soon had me
    hard again. It took a while for him to come in me even though the whole time
    the others there encouraged him. 
The final show was two naked black men fighting. The winner was the one
    who forced his prick up his opponent's arse. It seemed like a no holds barred
    thing with kicking and punching allowed, even kicking in the balls and that's
    how the winner got control. He got first one hard kick and then a second
    to his opponent's balls and while he lay writhing in agony, rolled him on
    to his face and shoved his prick up the man's arsehole. 
Well Rodney, that's the gist of what happened. I'm sorry I was unfaithful
    to you but it all means nothing to me. It was sex pleasure and yes I did
    enjoy myself. I know you'll want to punish me, probably severely so please
    can we get it over with and get back to where we were before I went on holiday." 
"You bloody whoring slut. You certainly deserve a damn good thrashing
    but if I punish you now while I'm angry Stephen, I may really hurt you," Rodney
    stated with venom in his voice, "Best wait till tomorrow. I may have calmed
    down a bit by then." 
"No, do it now. Get it over with. Your anger may just as well have increased
    by then." Stephen slipped out of his trousers and laid himself over the back
    of the armchair and held his wrists out to be tied. 
"If that's the way you want it, but don't say I didn't warn you. Cheating
    bastard. You deserve all I'm going to give you. That cane I bought in Hamburg
    is going to get some use at last." 
"I'm really going to thrash you this time Stephen. You'll wish you never
    went to sodding Cyprus. 
Rodney replayed the next scene in his mind over and over. The images that
  came into my mind were so terrible that I turned the ring into my hand after
  the second replay. Rodney lashed the cane down across Stephen's naked buttocks
  producing such a tremendous vocal response from the lad that Rodney gagged
  him. He continued with the vicious thrashing until the boy's buttocks showed
  two dozen deep welts and Stephen ceased moving. Suddenly Rodney realised what
  he had done and threw the cane down and released his lover and helped him to
  the bathroom. 
"Dr. Meeks Dr. Meeks, Dr. Graham will see you now." 
"Sorry Mrs. Forgill, I was miles away. Thank you." I went through to see the
  Bursar a little shaken at what I had seen and heard so the interview didn't
  go as well as it should have done. I don't know if Rodney and Stephen are still
  in a relationship or not and I don't get to see him often to find out so we'll
  just have to leave that episode there. 
Ring of Truth 
by obohobo
Warnings 
Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright obohobo 2005 
Prologue 
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 
Blog 17. Marion and Lucy 
1st December 2004 
I heard at the weekend that Rodney had been arrested and charged with grievous
  bodily harm. According to the local paper, Stephen's welts became infected
  and he was rushed into hospital because the poison in his blood was spreading
  down his legs and into his body. The police were called and even though Stephen
  didn't wish to press charges, the police did. They granted him bail and he
  has to appear before Dunchester magistrates early in the New Year. 
Now to the last story in Joshua Matlock's book. There was plenty of space
  for more writing and it looked as though he intended to continue but for reasons
  unknown to me, he must have put the journal away with the ring. 
It was at The Angel where my next tale begins. Twas on a bitterly cold
    January evening that I took myself there to get a bottle of rum to make Beatie
    some of the toddy that the sailors swore by to soothe a terrible cough she'd
    been plagued with for a week. I'd used the last of the rum to make her a
    drink before I ventured out. It must have been a Wednesday or Thursday evening
    as the public bar was empty and the fire showed only a few embers. The nights
    before pay-day are usually rather dull in the pub but it was rare for no
    one to be in but I guessed the weather and colds also had their effect on
    pub trade. &quot;Your usual Joshua?&quot; Rose asked when I entered, &quot;I'll
    bring it through into the snug, the fire's blazing in there and Marion and
    her daughter are in.&quot; The 'snug' is the local name for the saloon bar,
    the room that ladies are permitted to use and where the d&eacute;cor is better
    and the beer prices are a little higher. I went through and greeted Marion
    and Lucy and then sat at a table on my own. I knew them both to be ladies
    of pleasure and while Lucy was pleasant enough of appearance, Beatie served
    me well these days now that the passions of my youth have long since disappeared. 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Why don't you chance your luck with 'im Lucy?&quot; Marion
    nodded in my direction, &quot;He's got money and I hear 'is wife's been ill
    for a while so he might be looking for a bit on the side.&quot;&gt;&gt; I
    had to smile to myself when I heard the remark. Thinking back I realised
    that I had never paid to have a whore although when I owned the inn at the
    docks, I frequently had the whores I employed. &lt;&lt;&quot;He knows what
    we do and there ain't likely to be anyone else on the street in this weather.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;I dunno Ma, I 'eard as 'e 'ad strange powers that made folk
    do things they didna wanna do. Weird things.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;That's just bullshit. He's just a man with a prick like
    all of them and if you work 'im up enough, 'e'll wanna put it inside yer.&quot;&gt;&gt; I
    listened to their descriptions of me for a while and then looked in their
    direction. Marion nudged her daughter, &lt;&lt;&quot;You've got 'im interested
    now. Go to 'im.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
Lucy slowly got up and came to me, &quot;Mr. Matlock, I was wondering
    if you'd be in need of some warm comfort on this cold night seeing that your
    wife is under the weather and has been for a few days.&quot; 
&quot;No Lucy, I'm in no need of your comfort tonight, however warm and
    Beatie can still see to all my desires.&quot; 
I could tell that was the kind of reply Lucy expected but as she walked
    back to her seat, Rose called out from behind the bar, &quot;You leave my
    customers alone Lucy Machin. If you take him, the place will be empty.&quot; 
&quot;You want 'im?&quot; Marion countered, &quot;We all know you take
    some of our customers for yourself.&quot; 
&quot;Well this job doesn't pay much and I don't charge the price you
    do and I give better service.&quot; 
&quot;Who said you do? Ted Jones?&quot; 
It seemed the evening was going to deteriorate into a slagging match between
    the ladies so I stepped in. I sort to end the quarrel before it started. &quot;Rose,
    please refill our tankards and glasses and bring yourself a drink out here.
    Put it on my tab and then let us sit around the fire for an hour and we'll
    talk about some of the men and women we've fucked. I think that is a subject
    we are all interested in, one way or another.&quot; At that moment Jack Filby
    came in and, knowing he would likely contribute a rude story, I invited him
    to join our little party. Soon we were all settled and with a tankard of
    ale already inside me, I started the evening off by relating a shortened
    version of the story of Millie and the theft of Captain Jenkins' gold watch.
    Of course I omitted the bit about my supposed hypnotic power and just said
    that I had forced the truth out of Millie. &quot;Your turn now Marion or
    would you prefer to go first Lucy?&quot; I asked when I'd finished. It was
    an indirect question so they had a choice. 
&quot;Shall we tell them about Dunchester Farm?&quot; Lucy asked her mother, &quot;We
    could tell it together. That was the most unusual time we were fucked, or
    at least I was fucked and you had to watch for most of the time.&quot; The
    rest of us agreed. To ensure they told it truthfully I answered them in the
    form of a question. &quot;Lucy and Marion, we will be delighted if you will
    tell us your story. Please will you tell us and include all the naughtiest
    bits in full detail? I'm sure Jack and I will enjoy it more if our pricks
    respond to your words.&quot; 
&quot;And we might enjoy it more if you both opened your breeches and
    we could see the effect Lucy and Marion are having on you,&quot; jested Rose.
    I knew it was just a tease and it wasn't really expected that we would do
    it but I did so and produced my half-hard prick and showed it to the ladies
    and seeing that I did so, Jack followed suit. &quot;We will want to see how
    aroused you get as well Rose,&quot; he grinned back, &quot;Lift your skirt
    a bit so we can see your cunnie.&quot; 
Marion started the story. &quot;It must be neigh on four years ago, just
    before Christmas, when Mr. Cant from Dunchester Farm came to me in this very
    bar. &quot;I've some friends coming for a pre-Christmas party and we would
    like to employ the services of your daughter for one evening.&quot; Lucy
    was still only about fifteen then but she was fairly experienced and had
    begun to earn as much or more than I did. When I learned there was to be
    six of them I said he would have to take the two of us. He agreed and we
    set a price that was rather higher than we normally charged because of the
    remoteness of the place and the fact that we would have to spend the night
    there. It all went well at first. We were taken there in a closed carriage
    and dined with them&quot; We were waited on by the servants like as we were
    royalty,&quot; Lucy interrupted. &quot;Afterwards Mr. Cant told the butler
    and the servants that were around, to keep to their quarters unless he rang
    the bell for them,&quot; Marion continued, &quot;Make sure all the servants
    know to keep away from my bedroom area,&quot; he told the butler. 
We all went up to the master bedroom which is nearly as big as my whole
    house, and the men shed their top clothes as there was a good fire burning. &quot;Dance
    and strip for us,&quot; Mr. Cant ordered me. I did and afterwards was told
    to sit in a big wooden chair. Hardly had I sat down when ropes were put around
    me and I was tied with my arms around my back and my legs spread so they
    could see my cunnie all open like. Then they took more rope and bound my
    tits so they bulged out and went sorta purplish. I started screaming but
    they quickly wrapped some cloth around my mouth. Lucy was struggling to help
    me but two of the men held her. One of the men was not very nice and I think
    he wanted to hurt us but Mr. Cant restrained him when he took a big cane
    from the corner and gave my tits a whack. It wasn't hard but it left a red
    mark that showed on purple.&quot; 
Lucy took up the story, &quot;He turned to me and said in a nasty way, &quot;If
    you don't want your mother's tits to look like raw beef, you'd better do
    what we want and do it as though you enjoy it. We didn't really want the
    old bag in the first place. First you dance and strip and do it with a little
    more grace than she did.&quot; I did but I was crying but Mr. Cant whispered
    that ma wouldn't be hurt if I did what I normally did and was being paid
    for. He wiped my eyes and I was laid on the bed. Mr. Cant then said, &quot;We
    were discussing how it was possible for three people to fuck one girl all
    at the same time so first we want to try that out. They put some cream stuff
    on my bumhole and one started to force his prick in. I'd only had it in there
    once before so it tight and it hurt but eventually he got all the way in.
    We lay side by side joined like that while someone lifted my top leg and
    Mr. Cant put his prick in my cunt. I felt very full and it seemed as if both
    pricks were touching each other inside my body. Cruel Man, that's what we
    called him when we talked about it afterwards, knelt by my head and put his
    prick in my mouth. &quot;Let's see how she fucks now,&quot; Mr. Cant said
    and they all tried to move inside me. At first it was all sixes and sevens
    and I lost the prick from my mouth but eventually they got something worked
    out and some sort of rhythm going. First the one in my arse came and then
    Cruel Man and finally Mr. Cant. They seemed pleased enough that it worked
    although it wasn't the most enjoyable of fucks for them or for me. The other
    three just wanted to do me one at a time although one wanted my bum again
    which was a bit easier the second time with all the spunk there was in the
    hole.&quot; 
&quot;Yeah and after they finished in her they came and took my gag out
    and threatened my tits with the cane if I objected and they made me suck
    each one clean after that done in Lucy,&quot; Marion pointed out. One of
    them also wanted to feel and play with the nipples on my swollen tits which
    hurt but I knew the cane would be worse.&quot; 
&quot;As they each could get themselves hard again, they put their pricks
    in whatever hole they fancied and just fucked away and in between times they
    sucked and played with my tits.&quot; Lucy explained. &quot;Then when I again
    had a prick up my bum and one in my cunt, Cruel Man suddenly opened the bedroom
    door and caught one of the houseboys peeping through the keyhole. &quot;So
    boy, you thought you'd like to see what we get up did you?&quot; Cruel Man
    dragged the boy into the room. &quot;Well instead of peeping you can take
    part and add to our amusement too, if your master will allow it of course.&quot; Mr.
    Cant was angry too at what the boy, whose name was Roy, had done and done
    deliberately in defiance of his orders. I think he guessed Cruel Man would
    come up with a suitable punishment for the boy so he told him to carry on. 
&quot;Get all those clothes of boy,&quot; Cruel Man ordered, &quot;You
    can't be the only one dressed.&quot; The boy looked very afraid and shook
    and blushed as he undressed with all of us watching. He was only about sixteen
    and his prick was already hard from his watching us. &quot;Release the old
    woman,&quot; was the next order and ma was untied from the chair but her
    tits were still bound up. 
Marion took up the story. &quot;They gave me a few minutes to rub my wrists
    and ankles where they'd been bound and then I had to lie on the bed in Lucy's
    place. &quot;Get on top of her boy,&quot; Cruel Man ordered and when he was
    in a position he could fuck me, they tied his wrists and ankles to the head
    and foot of the bed with the ropes that had bound me to the chair. &quot;Put
    his prick in her cunt, Lucy,&quot; Cruel Man instructed and when he was inside
    me, Cruel Man lashed that cane really hard across the poor boy's arse. &quot;Now
    fuck her,&quot; the man shouted above the screams from the boy. He lashed
    him again and again until the boy collapsed on top of me and Mr. Cant took
    the cane. &quot;That's more than enough, Jacob,&quot; he said and threw the
    cane into a corner. I held Roy, who was crying and sobbing hysterically,
    and saw Mr. Cant go and ring for a servant. A girl came to the door and didn't
    seem unduly shocked by Mr. Cant being naked and I'm sure she could see others
    naked too and hear the boy's screaming. &quot;Get Mary and come back as quick
    as you can,&quot; the girl was ordered. 
A few moments later Mary knocked and came into the room. When she heard
    Roy yelling and crying out and saw his arse she cried out, &quot;Oh God Roy,
    what have they done to you?&quot; She was in tears as she came across the
    room and looked with horror on Roy's arse. &quot;Why sir? Why?&quot; she
    asked Mr. Cant but he only said in quite a kindly way, &quot;Take him to
    your bed Mary and look after him. He can sleep with you for the time being.
    I know you plan to marry soon.&quot; I saw two men undoing the ropes that
    held Roy and they helped him stand but the pain seemed to cause his legs
    to buckle. Mary and the other maids helped him from the room. 
Although Lucy and I were fucked several more times before we left in the
    morning, the fun seemed to have gone out of it for the men and before we
    left I did hear Mr. Cant say to one of the others that Cruel Man wouldn't
    be invited again.&quot; 
&quot;What happened to Roy?&quot; I asked forgetting that it was a direct
    question but it was fairly straightforward to answer. Lucy took up the story. 
&quot;I met Mary in the village about two months later and she had a little
    time to spare waiting for an order to be made up so I sat on the seat outside
    the shop and asked her if Roy had recovered. &quot;He still has the marks
    and walks a bit stiff but he's otherwise okay. We're getting married in two
    weeks because I'm in a family way, probably as a result of the beating he
    had.&quot; I was puzzled over the connection and questioned her about it. &quot;Well
    you heard Mr. Cant tell me to take him to my bed, well I did. We all thought
    it a bit strange because I slept in a room with two other girls but we think
    now it was so Roy wouldn't go complaining to the constables about his treatment.
    Not that it would have done any good. Anyways, I laid him on my bed and did
    what I could to ease his pain but that was little enough. The other girls
    helped where they could. Later I lay beside him and tried to keep the blankets
    off his arse with my body. Nothing was said about Roy going back to sleep
    in his own bed so he continued to sleep in mine although it was a bit cramped.
    At first the other girls were a bit shy of undressing and washing in front
    of him but after a week or so, they ignored him and they watched him dress
    and made comments on the state of his prick after he fucked me. Of course
    the inevitable happened when he became well enough to move himself a little
    better. We'd done it before but always he was careful but in bed together,
    well we just let it happen knowing we planned to wed. The first few times
    we heard the other two girls giggle at the sounds we made but they soon came
    to ignore it and now we do it openly in front of them. Mr. Cant never said
    anything about the caning but he did let Roy off work for several days and
    then only had him do light work.&quot; By then her order was ready and she
    took it and left.&quot; 
Fred and I had been gently stroking our pricks while the two ladies were
    telling their story and I noticed that Rose had her hand at her crotch. &quot;Perhaps
    you ought to pay us for entertaining you,&quot; Marion commented. 
[That's enough for this blog. I will type in the remainder for you for a future
  blog. Derek] 
Ring of Truth 
by obohobo
Warnings 
Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 
Prologue 
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 
Blog 18. The Slave Auction 
15th December 2004 
First the family news. 
Sorry it is two weeks since the last blog. I spent last Wednesday evening
  erecting bookshelves in the spare room ready for when it becomes Sarah's workroom.
  Sarah has definitely decided to move in with me next weekend and we've been
  busy packing a lot of her stuff into boxes and transferring them to the guestroom
  at my place. I will hire a van to move the larger stuff later. Of course, Mother
  still doesn't really approve, but she and Sarah talk to each other now on more
  or less equal terms without the frostiness of a few months ago. Mother actually
  seems a lot happier and she is making friends with others at the store. With
  Christmas almost upon us, she is having to work harder too especially as the
  store is having a pre-Christmas sale. We had her and dad over for a meal last
  Sunday and when I listened in to her thoughts, none were concerned with the
  bridge club so hopefully that episode of her life is in the past. Dad seemed
  happier too and at one point when I tuned in to his thoughts, he was planning
  giving mother a spanking at bedtime for being a bit sharp with Sarah over something
  that was quite trivial. Seemed to me he was just looking for an excuse to bare
  her bottom. At least he seems to be the one in control now. 
Jean is disappointed in not being able to move into her new house in time
  for Christmas. Still problems with the heating system but we've invited her
  to stay over here for Christmas Day and Boxing Day. I know we'll still be in
  a muddle and Jean being Jean just laughs about it and has offered to help us
  sort things out. We didn't want her to be alone on those two days and no workmen
  will work on her house until after the New Year. She'll pay a firm of removers
  to move her stuff but Sarah and I have promised to help her sort things out
  when that happens. 
Kathleen McCogan surprised us by spending a night with Prof. Rowlandson last
  weekend. I knew that their relationship had returned to near normal but I hadn't
  expected her to go back to having sex with him. However, from what I read of
  their thoughts, it seems that Kathy kept in full charge of the situation and
  enjoyed several good fucks. &quot;He does do it well and makes me orgasm so
  powerfully that it seemed worth taking the risk,&quot; she told me when we
  had coffee together one morning. 
My own work is going well and the ring is proving to be both a help and a
  distraction. It was a help when I listened in to a discussion between members
  of a neighbouring lab on their project and found some of their ideas and techniques
  could be incorporated into my own. It's not that each lab works on secret projects,
  it's more that we work in isolation from one another and only mix on semi-social
  occasions or if we meet in the cafeteria. The distraction comes when I listen
  in to the sexual thoughts and doings of the students and staff, particularly
  the female ones. I now know more of the gossip of who is sleeping with whom
  and the sex preferences and drug habits of the students than I should but sometimes
  a titillating story comes out. One such occurred on Monday lunchtime. 
My experiment didn't end until well into the lunchtime period and the cafeteria
  was packed but fortunately a corner table cleared when I was close by with
  my tray. I sat down and for a few moments had the table to myself. Not for
  long though. A girl student paused by the empty seat and asked, &quot;Is this
  seat free?&quot; I guessed she was a first year student about nineteen years
  old and by the look of her, she was, or at least had been, high of one of the
  recreational drugs. Her eyes had that glazed, faraway look and her actions
  a little slower than normal. &quot;Yes, it's all yours now,&quot; I replied.
  My smile was not returned.  &lt;&lt;He's a bit old for a student, perhaps
  one of the professors. Why is the stupid bugger grinning at me? Wonder if he'll
  bid at the slave auction?&quot;&gt;&gt;  &quot;Slave auction?&quot; I
  wonder what that was all about? I quietly turned the ring on to the inside
  of my hand so as to shield it from some of the background thoughts that came
  through. As soon as she sat down, the girl ferreted in her purse and put a
  mobile phone on the table and unfolded an A5 sheet of paper and silently read, 
&lt;&lt; &quot;For selected participants only 
Christmas Private Slave Auction 
to be held in the cellar room of St. James Hall 
on Friday 17th December 2004 at 8 p.m. &quot;&gt;&gt; 
Rightly guessing that I ought to make notes I opened my briefcase and took
  out a pad and pen and put a textbook on the table alongside my plate. It was
  not at all unusual to see students working and eating at the same time so my
  actions only disturbed her thoughts for a few minutes and then she began to
  read again. 
&lt;&lt; All funds in aid of Cancer Research 
I  agree to allow myself to be sold into slavery
    from the time the auction is completed until 5 p.m. on Sunday 19th December. 
I agree to be a full slave/no sex slave to whoever places
    the highest bid. 
&quot;I'll definitely cross out the no sex bit. What's the point in being
    a slave if you don't have to give your body to a man? I could do with a good
    fuck or two or three and all the buyers are supposed to be vetted.&quot; 
In true slave tradition, participants will be paraded in front of the
    buyers. All slaves will wear a collar and have their wrists bound. Full slaves
    will wear a thong or other small type panty and a pair of light shoes only.
    No sex slaves should be more modestly attired. 
Safeguards. 
The purchaser must give his/her full name, address and contact phone number. 
The purchaser must agree to do no permanent harm or sadistically chastise
    the slave. 
The slave must take a mobile phone with her and arrange for a friend to
    call at irregular intervals to see if she/he is okay. The purchaser must
    allow these phone calls. 
The purchaser of a 'no sex slave' must not attempt to have sex with her. 
A full sex slave should have contraception and may request that condoms
    be used at all times. 
Slaves should bring with them a small suitcase containing suitable attire
    and toiletries for the weekend. 
We wish all participants an enjoyable weekend. 
The girl, I found later her name was Jane, read the form several times and
  then sat back in her chair, nibbled at her roll and fantasised at what might
  happen to her. I'd already found out that women fantasise about sexual things
  at least as much as men do and a good many imagine themselves to be true slaves
  of wicked men who whip and rape them unmercifully. It is only fantasy and they
  would be severely traumatised if it happened in reality. Such, I am sure was
  the case with Jane and with her too, probably whatever drug she had taken,
  heightened the imagery of the fantasy. Had she been treated like in her imagination
  she would have ended up in hospital. Still nibbling sparrow-sized bites from
  her roll, she sat back in the chair and closed her eyes. The images I received
  as she looked in the mirror of the dressing room was of a woman with Jane's
  face but with considerably more bust and showing a nest of pubic hair peeping
  from the sides of her thong. Again I have put her thoughts and mind pictures
  into a readable narrative for your enjoyment. Remember these are thought images,
  not reality. They only happened in her mind. 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Okay ladies, time to get these collars on and tie your wrists
    together. You're all slaves now, you had your chance to leave earlier.&quot; A
    fat man in pseudo-Turkish eunuch style dress with a whip hanging from his
    belt, entered the dressing room followed by a younger lad carrying the collars
    and a bag of ropes. The first girl complained the collar was too tight but
    the eunuch man just said, &quot;You'll get used to it.&quot; The girl next
    in line to Jane decided to quit and made for the door but it was locked and
    fat man held her while the boy tied her wrists and put her collar on extra
    tight. Tears ran down the girl's face and it was obvious she regretted her
    decision to participate. 
&quot;No point in resisting,&quot; Jane said to herself as fat man collared
    and bound her, &quot;I volunteered for this and being helpless is all part
    of it. Fat man is no eunuch though, I can feel his prick touching my arse.&quot; The
    six full slaves, now linked by their collars, were led out of the room and
    into the spotlights on a stage. Jane tried to look into the audience but
    the lights blinded her and she was forced to look down at her full breasts
    and her nipples that had grown hard. The end girl on the line was unleashed
    from the rest and taken to the front of the stage and made to turn round
    and show her 'charms'. Then the auctioneer started the bidding and it got
    up to &pound;190 before it ceased. &quot;Not the richest crowd in here,&quot; Jane
    commented. The next one was sold for &pound;210 and then it was Jane's turn.
    From the front of the stage she could see the audience a little better and
    noticed one of her professors but most of the others seemed to be students
    or mature students, which probably accounted for the low prices. &quot;I
    hope bloody Professor Golding doesn't buy me. He's good looking enough but
    he's never nice to me and always marks my work down. I don't like him much
    and I don't think he likes me.&quot; She hadn't taken too much notice of
    the auctioneer's patter with the other girls but now she did. 
&quot;Ladies and Gentlemen, let me introduce you to Jane. A gorgeous woman
    as you can see. Just look at these tits,&quot; He hefted her breasts, &quot;And
    those lovely legs with the delightful cavity between them. All yours for
    the weekend if you can afford her. Can I start the bidding at &pound;150?&quot; It
    steadily rose and to Jane's horror, it was the professor that kept raising
    the bids with great determination. Inevitably when bidding against students
    his bid won. 
&quot;This used to be the old rectory, slave&quot; Richard Golding told
    Jane as his car pulled into the circular driveway. Jane was apprehensive
    as the place stood in darkness a little away from the other houses in the
    village and in the shadow of a nearby main road with constant traffic. &quot;Plenty
    of room and even a cellar to treat you like a slave should be treated. I
    hope Cancer Research appreciate what you are going to go through to earn
    them a little money.&quot; Inside the house Golding removed the overcoat
    Jane had worn to cover herself for the journey and squeezed her tits quite
    hard. Jane whimpered with the pain although it was bearable. Golding hung
    up his outside clothes and led her into the lounge. &quot;I bought you because
    you've been a pain in the my arse for the whole of this term. You've been
    insolent and lazy and I see it as a chance to get my own back and perhaps
    thrash some sense into you,&quot; he informed her. Shock registered on Jane's
    face. She knew she wasn't the best of students but didn't feel she was as
    bad as Golding made out and started to protest but he ignored it and went
    on. &quot;So here's the scenario for the weekend, &quot;This is an eighteenth
    century plantation and I am the master so you will always call me, Sir. That
    shouldn't be too difficult as you are used to calling your teachers sir.
    You are a newly purchased house slave and for this weekend you will do the
    housework and I will provide a simple slave dress for you. It will cover
    a little of your body but you will be completely naked underneath as befits
    a slave. In addition I will fuck you as often as I can and I will punish
    you for any failure to obey my orders. You may think the punishments harsh
    by modern standards but in the eighteenth century period they would have
    been relatively mild. Do you understand?&quot; 
Jane looked around wondering if there was any hope of escape. It seemed
    as if this was going to be far, far worse than she anticipated. Until Golding
    had bought her, she'd expected to have sex and more sex with perhaps a spanking
    thrown in but the scenario he outlined seemed much more brutal. &quot;I asked
    if you understood!&quot; Golding snapped. Seeing no way out and with her
    wrists still bound and near naked she wouldn't get far. &quot;YesyesSir,&quot; she
    stuttered. &quot;Good,&quot; Golding muttered, &quot;Now we can get started.
    First I'm going to remove that scrap of material that covers you cunt. No
    doubt you expected that and then to ensure that you don't decide to run away,
    I'll put ankle cuffs on you with a length of chain between them.&quot; &quot;Oh
    no!&quot; Jane sounded upset at the thought of being restricted in how she
    could walk. &quot;Oh yes,&quot; Golding grinned, &quot;And expect extra punishment
    for answering back.&quot; Quickly he removed the thong and hobbled Jane and
    then undid her wrist ties and replaced them with plastic cuffs similar to
    those around her ankles but he didn't fasten them together. &quot;Undress
    me slave,&quot; he ordered.&gt;&gt; 
The images in Jane's mind showed a big man with the start of a paunch and
  with an overly large prick. It stood erect and hard and she looked with awe
  at its size and didn't believe it would ever go inside her. 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Pour me a whiskey and soda and then bring that leather paddle
    on the seat over there.&quot; Jane did so looking with great concern at the
    paddle. The perforated end flap was about five inches by three and the shaft
    some eighteen inches long. &quot;God this thing is going to hurt! The bugger
    is going to get his own back on me. I should have been nicer to him in class,&quot; Jane
    muttered to herself. Golding gloated as he half heard the words and said
    with some satisfaction, &quot;Now suck me off. Don't spit anything out and
    do it good and deeply, if not you will feel the paddle on your arse. I want
    to take the edge of my coming so when I fuck you, I can do it for longer.&quot; Sitting
    comfortable on the settee he spread his legs in readiness. Hardly had poor
    Jane wrapped her lips around the end of his oversize prick when Golding leaned
    forward over her head and, WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! The paddle hit swiftly
    and smartly twice on each of her arse cheeks. Tears sprang to her eyes and
    Jane cried out in surprise and pain. &quot;Put some effort into it slave.
    You're not doing your coursework now!&quot; Jane did and was rewarded with
    a mouthful of spunk a minute or two later. He made her keep his softened
    prick in her mouth until he'd finished his whiskey. 
&quot;Put your shoes on slave and I'll take you on a tour of the facilities
    that I have arranged for you. I fully expected to be able to buy your services
    so I prepared things in advance.&quot; Golding put on a dressing gown and
    led her along a corridor. &quot;See this doorway? It has four strong hooks,
    one at each corner of the frame. If you misbehave badly, or if I feel like
    it, you'll be strung up to them and thrashed front and back with the flogger.
    It won't permanently damage you but the whip marks will show for a week or
    two and be painful for just as long. And if you wish to continue at the university,
    don't think of complaining that I whipped you sadistically.&quot; A little
    further on through the doorway, stairs descended to the cellar. Jane hesitated
    fearing what was down there. WHAP! WHAP! The paddle urged her down. On a
    table, neatly laid out, were various whips, belts and canes. &quot;I bought
    a selection of instruments to punish you with but I don't expect to use them
    all this weekend. Maybe another time, perhaps when you offer me your body
    to get yourself a passing grade.&quot; 
The sight almost made Jane sick and the thought of coming back appalled
    her. Her body shook with fear but she said nothing and just prayed the weekend
    would end quickly or that the phone would save her. &quot;This bench is a
    punishment bench. I can fasten you on it either way up and whip you without
    you moving out of the way and down here, any screams will not be heard. Not
    that they are likely to be heard from upstairs either, what with our being
    away from the rest of the village and the noise of the main road traffic.&quot; 
Golding picked up a suede flogger and showed it to Jane who immediately
    flinched and pleaded with him not to use it on her. &quot;I didn't volunteer
    to be whipped with a thing like that,&quot; she whimpered, &quot;I only thought
    I'd get fucked and perhaps spanked a bit.&quot; &quot;Then you thought wrong
    girl. I am looking forward to using this. It is supposed to hurt the tender
    parts of your anatomy without damaging them. It will be nice to see your
    tits criss-crossed with stripes from this.&quot; He flicked the flogger in
    front of her without landing it. &quot;But it's getting late now, so bedtime.
    Time enough to play with these in the morning but I will take this with me
    just in case you are reluctant to obey me in the night. You can get me hard
    enough now so we'll have a good fuck before sleep.&quot; 
While they performed in the bathroom. Jane eyed his prick again. It wasn't
    yet fully hard but it was so much bigger than any she'd had before that she
    feared his entry into her would be painful. She knew he wouldn't spare her
    or take it easy and wondered if she dare ask for some lubrication or even
    if a condom would help. Golding had no such thoughts. The more painful it
    was for this student the better. &quot;Don't even think of asking for a condom,
    slave. I'm fucking you bareback and if you're not on the pill that is your
    misfortune. I want to feel my sperm flood your inside, not a rubber teat.
    Now on the bed with you, legs up by your ears. Any nonsense and your cunt
    will get the first feel of the flogger. Jane tried to hold back her tears
    in case they upset the man further and did as he requested. Feeling the head
    of his prick at her entrance she tried to relax her vaginal muscles but impatiently
    Golding forced his way painfully in. Fortunately both of their juices had
    started to flow so he was able to fuck her without too much trouble. If the
    tightness of her vagina hurt him at all, he showed no sign of it. The reverse
    was not true. For Jane the fuck proved very painful at least until the first
    load of spunk lubricated the channel, then it became bearable but that lasted
    only a short time. &quot;That was a barely passable fuck slave. You'd better
    work harder on it in the morning,&quot; Golding's commented before chaining
    Jane's ankles to the bottom rail of the iron bedstead and going to sleep. 
Jane's next recollection was of her ankle chains being removed. &quot;Get
    on your hands and knees slave,&quot; Golding ordered, &quot;I want to fuck
    you doggie style.&quot; It was still painful but much easier than the previous
    evening but again Golding didn't worry about her satisfaction. He just fucked
    for his own enjoyment and spurted his load when he was ready. &quot;Now piss
    if you have to then get into the kitchen and cook me two eggs, bacon, two
    sausages and toast. You can have cereals. Be quick about it.&quot; Jane fumed
    about the professor while she tried to cook his meal. She rarely had breakfast
    so cooking one was not amongst her better accomplishments. She'd only a microwave
    over in her room. The half-burnt, half-raw breakfast she brought to his bedroom
    she knew would not please him. 
&quot;I'm sorry Sir,&quot; she started, &quot;I'm not a very good cook.&quot; 
&quot;Thank much is obvious slave,&quot; Golding said coldly, &quot;Put
    this mess in the bin.&quot; He followed her to the kitchen and as soon as
    she put the plate down, he grabbed her wrists and fastened the cuffs together. &quot;Seems
    like you are asking to make the acquaintance of the flogger.&quot; Ignoring
    her pleading and crying, he dragged Jane to the doorway where she struggled
    with all the strength she could muster but hampered by the cuffed wrists
    and her hobble she was unable to prevent Golding from fastening her spread-eagled
    to the four hooks. &quot;Very well bitch slave, this is one reason I paid
    so much for you. He swung the flogger so it lashed across the tops of her
    thighs. Jane screamed at the top of her voice, saying she wished to be released
    from her slavery. He was going far beyond what was allowed but Golding continued
    to whip the front of her body and gradually worked his way up until he reached
    her breasts. The pain was almost overwhelming but she remained conscious. &quot;Now
    to tenderise those tits you've been flaunting,&quot; grinned Golding as he
    swung the flogger back and forth across them. Finally Jane's head slumped&gt;&gt; 
&quot;Do-la-le do-do.&quot; The musical notes of Jane's mobile phone on the
  table interrupted her musing and she looked up at me and then answered it.
  Shortly after she left the table so I never found out what she might have imagined
  happened for the rest of the weekend. Fortunately it was all in her imagination
  and none of it was reality. I did check the listing for Professor Golding on
  the staff records database and the photo showed him to be much as Jane pictured
  but of course it didn't show his prick and I wouldn't mind betting that she
  had never seen it. However, I did find out that he was married with two children
  and they lived in a semidetached house in the suburbs of Dunchester. Not a
  bachelor living in a quiet rectory with a cellar. 
Ring of Truth 
by obohobo
Warnings 
Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 
Prologue 
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 
&nbsp; 
Blog 19. Jack and Rosie's stories 
22nd December 2004 
Sarah moved in as planned last weekend but there are still many boxes to unpack.
  Jean and my student helped and it all went relatively smoothly. We left some
  of the bigger items but I doubt if Sarah will ever go and live back there.
  As we planned, she will keep the flat on until the end of February and then,
  unless anything untoward happens between us, she will give it up. Some of her
  furniture is of better quality than mine so we'll do some exchanging but that
  can wait until the New Year. 
With Sarah here all the time, I may have to discontinue these blogs or at
  least post them at less regular intervals, and the ring is perhaps the one
  real secret that I keep from her. I would not wish her to come in and read
  what I have written while it is still on the screen. Once the file is saved
  it is password protected and hidden so it is safe from her eyes. Tonight Maggie
  from the bakery and her are going to a show which they booked up months ago
  so I can do this blog without too much worry, except that I should be unpacking
  some more of her stuff. So, I'd better get on and type in the last of Joshua
  Matlocks book. We left him in the Angel swapping stories of sexual exploits
  with a few companions on a bleak evening. 
Jack apologised before starting his tale. &quot;I'm sorry folks but my
    experiences have not been as gruesome or as titillating as yours. In fact
    I've been faithful to my Martha since we were married nigh on forty years
    ago. We always do it in the normal sort of way so there'll be nothing of
    interest to you there. However my first fuck was a little different and for
    me it was very exciting. 
When I was a lad of fourteen I used to earn a few pennies by running errands
    and doing a few jobs for a Mrs. Meyhew on a Saturday. She's long since dead
    so there's no harm in telling the tale. Her hubby was a sailor and away for
    long weeks at a time so she needed someone to do the garden and get her groceries
    and stuff like that. Well I heard of a job over in Dunchester and a mate
    of mine arranged for me to see the master on a Saturday morning. As you know,
    Dunchester is nearly a three hours walk from here and I couldn't rely on
    getting a lift with a carter so I went to Mrs. Meyhew on the Friday morning
    before to see if I could do her jobs that day. As usual I went in the back
    door, took my boots off in the entrance so as not to make a mess on her floor,
    and went inside. I could hear groaning from upstairs and, thinking she might
    be unwell, I went to see. Her bedroom door was half-open and I could easily
    see why she was groaning. Bob Dickens was fucking her. From the way they
    were facing I knew they couldn't see me so I stood and watched and of course
    got a hard on. When Bob finished they lay together with him sucking her tits
    until there was a knock on the front door. &quot;It's only Williams,&quot; Mrs.
    Meyhew said, &quot;I'm not always in when he calls and then he comes back
    later. He'll go away shortly.&quot; 
&quot;I'd better go too as soon as he's out of sight,&quot; Bob muttered
    and pulled on his breeches. I panicked a bit and quickly slipped downstairs
    and hid behind the scullery door, thinking myself lucky I didn't have my
    hob-nailed boots on. A few minutes later Bob left and I thought that it would
    soon be safe for me to creep out too. However before I could Mrs. Meyhew
    came into the scullery with a bowl and went to the pump. She was still naked
    so I expected the water would be to wash the mess off her legs. My heart
    thumped so loud I thought she would hear and I hoped and prayed that she
    would just turn back the same way as she came and take it back to the bedroom.
    That way there was a chance she wouldn't see me. Luck was against me. She
    turned and went to a cupboard, she shrieked when she saw me and split water
    on the floor. I went to get out but she stopped me and said, &quot;You just
    stay where you are Jack Filby. I don't know what you are doing in my house
    today but I'll tan your arse until I find out.&quot; 
I was a pretty cheeky lad in those days&quot; 
&quot;You still are,&quot; laughed Rose. 
&quot;As I was saying I was a pretty cheeky lad then so I stood my ground
    and stared at her body. &quot;No you won't Mrs. Meyhew, not unless you want
    Mrs. Dickens to know what you and her husband get up to. Perhaps it should
    be me that tans your arse.&quot; 
&quot;By the look of your breeches, you'd want to do more than spank me,&quot; Mrs.
    Meyhew observed, &quot;Maybe I can help with that.&quot; 
&quot;Perhaps you're right,&quot; I said sensing I might have a chance
    of getting my first fuck. I was right. Mrs. Meyhew gave me a smile and led
    me back upstairs and made me undress in front of her. She was a big woman
    and although I thought I had the upper hand, I was still a little afeared
    of her. 
&quot;Come on then boy,&quot; she said when I was a bit embarrassed to
    show my prick. As soon as I was undressed she grabbed it and pulled me to
    her and gave it a quick suck. &quot;You fucked a girl before Jack?&quot; she
    asked. I shook my head and she told me what to do. I came in no time at all
    but she kept me alongside her and played with my prick and let me suck her
    tits until I got hard enough to do it again and this time I took much longer
    and enjoyed the experience. I never did tan her arse but I didn't tell on
    her either. 
As I said that's not much of a story compared with yours but that's the
    best I can do.&quot; 
I hadn't needed the power of the ring to get Jack to talk and I wondered
    if Rose would be the same. We made up the fire and got in another round of
    drinks. &quot;Your turn now,&quot; Marion said to Rose. 
&quot;Like Fred, I've not much or real interest to tell. I've had a lot
    more men than he seems to have had women, but it's all been plain fucking.
    Just different size men and different size pricks. &lt;&lt;&quot;I really
    can't tell them about the dwarf. He was a disgusting creature. The circus
    should have kept him in a cage like the animals.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&quot;I'm sure there was someone that wanted something different or a
    bit odd,&quot; Marion went on. 
&quot;I don't do it every day for a living,&quot; Rose snapped back. 
I didn't want the evening to degenerate into a battle of bitter words
    between the ladies so I interrupted them. Intrigued by Rose's thoughts on
    the dwarf, I took a chance. &quot;Rose, some time ago one of the regulars
    mentioned you had entertained a dwarf.&quot; That was a lie but she wouldn't
    know that. &quot;I wondered if it was true that their pricks different to
    normal Would you tell us please? I've only seen a couple of dwarves and they
    were fully dressed.&quot; &lt;&lt;How did he know of that? I don't remember
    telling anyone. Perhaps I can just tell them a little about it.&gt;&gt; Rose
    looked very puzzled but I knew that it was impossible for her to keep it
    a secret and guessed there might be a salacious story for us to enjoy. 
Her face clouded and her eyes had that faraway look that I knew well.
    Mechanically she began her tale. &quot;It was a little before you came to
    this village Joshua. A circus came here bringing all their weird animals
    in cages and the clowns and jugglers. They all paraded through the village
    and at the rear was this little man who was hardly up to my belly button
    in height. Of course he was laughed at and on the parade he just smiled but
    it was later that I found out how much he resented it and it made him bitter
    and callous. 
Later that evening they all came to the inn and gave free tickets to the
    master but as I was only a lowly maid then, I didn't get one and I couldn't
    afford to go. The circus was on the following day and the one after. I was
    kept busy serving them and the people from the village that came to see them.
    They were one-night celebrities and were only in a small place like this
    because the field they'd booked in Dunchester was flooded. The clowns and
    the ringmaster were all jolly folk and kept everyone laughing. The dwarf
    who they called 'Rondo' just sat there quietly supping his ale and only spoke
    to me to demand a high stool so he could see above the table. At that time
    he just seemed a bit sad and I felt a bit sorry for him but most of my time
    was spent seeing to the clowns and parrying their hands from under my dress. &quot;Are
    you coming to see us?&quot; one of the clowns asked. I shook my head no and
    said I didn't have the money. &quot;We've already given out the free tickets
    otherwise you'd be welcome to one. Only Rondo has kept his and he'll want
    a night in your bed for that.&quot; 
&quot;It'll cost him more than the price of a ticket,&quot; I said, knowing
    the price I usually charged for a whole night was far more than that. In
    the end with a lot of good-natured banter from the clowns and scowling from
    Rondo, he agreed to a ticket and three florins. He didn't like the fact that
    I made him pay in advance and gave the ticket and the money to the mistress
    for safekeeping. I had a nasty feeling that he might want to do the dirty
    on me. 
As soon as I finished I took him to my room in the attic. That was another
    thing that didn't please him; all the stairs. His short legs made stepping
    up a climbing job and he complained all the way but I grinned and offered
    to carry him like a baby but he wasn't having that. &quot;I may be small
    but I'm not a child,&quot; he shouted at me. He was better off in my room
    because of the low ceilings. I had to duck under the beams whereas he could
    walk with plenty of room to spare. &quot;Undress,&quot; he ordered and I
    did, after all that is what he was paying for. He did too and I saw him naked. 
You asked whether the old saying was true. I guess you meant, 'Big man,
    small prick; small man, all prick'. Well I'm sure the ladies will agree that
    the first part is false. Some big men do have tiny pricks but many have a
    prong in proportion to their size. As for the small men bit, well I only
    have experience of Rondo and he certainly lived up to the saying. I'd never
    seen anything as big at that time and only a few times since. He took great
    delight in tormenting me with what he was going to do to me with it and proceeded
    to show me how he could actually suck himself off. I've known a few lithe
    men who could get their mouths close enough to their prick head to lick it
    but Rondo could easily take the whole head inside his mouth. This was of
    course partly because of his short body but also because of the length of
    his shaft. 
I backed away from him, half-afraid that weapon would hurt me but he growled, &quot;I've
    paid for the whole night and I'm going to fuck you the whole night. You can't
    even say that you'll give me the money back because the mistress has it and
    she's abed by now. I'm going to have what I paid for and if you try and get
    out of it I'll tan your arse good and hard.&quot; His voice had a nasty edge
    to it so I took him to my bed and lay down ready for him. He climbed on top
    and it was then that I realised just how strong he was. He'd used his arm
    muscles to help himself get around since he was a child and they'd developed
    abnormally. He easily held me down and then rammed his prick inside me without
    any thought for the pain he was causing. Or rather, from what he said, he
    did it deliberately to cause me pain. &quot;You laughed at me just like the
    others, now I get my own back.&quot; At that time I'd not had all that many
    men and only took a few of those I liked to bed to earn a few extra pennies
    and make my wages go a bit further. Rondo's prick forced me open and it hit
    my womb or whatever it is at the bottom of my cunt at every stroke. I cried
    out and he laughed loudly. 
Whether or not he could control himself better than most men or whether
    he naturally took a long while to spurt, I know not but it seemed ages before
    he finally shot his stuff in me. I hoped that would be the end for a while
    although if he was like most men, I'd have to take in twice more before morning.
    My cunt felt terribly sore and chafed. That little bastard had other ideas. &quot;Sit
    up and play with your tits,&quot; he said. I did and while he watched he
    put his prick, which hadn't gone completely soft, in his mouth and sucked
    and rubbed it hard again. It was a gruesome sight. Him sitting in front of
    me, prick head in his mouth and his right hand wanking his shaft. It didn't
    take long before he was hard again. When I protested I was too sore to take
    in a second time so soon after, he pulled me face down on the bed and walloped
    me good and hard with his hand. Up in the attic with my head pushed into
    the mattress, my cries wouldn't be heard and I knew I should have allowed
    him to fuck me without protesting. He was going to do it anyway and I would
    have saved myself the hiding. Finally the beating stopped and he lifted my
    arse and forced his way in again from the back. The spunk inside helped to
    lubricate me a little but the whole fuck was again painful and I was sobbing
    before he finished. 
This time when he pulled out he gripped my tender arse cheeks and pushed
    his stubbly bearded face into my cunt and started licking. At least that
    was a little more pleasant and I started to get aroused but the rotten bastard
    stopped before I had any satisfaction. He then offered his prick to my lips
    and not wanting another beating I sucked it for a while until he wanted to
    get under the bedclothes with me. We covered up and he sucked and bit my
    tits for a while before he finally went to sleep. I lay there for a while
    wondering if I could escape but I had the wall on my side of the bed and
    he still had an arm around me from when he was suckling. I fell asleep too
    only to be wakened while it was still dark. The nightlight was still flickering
    and the air seemed cold. &quot;Get your arse up again,&quot; he hissed at
    me. I wondered if I could plead with him without earning another spanking
    but I couldn't think of any words that would do it so I got on my knees and
    prepared myself for the worst. It was worse than I expected. He wanted my
    arsehole. 
First he wetted his prick in my cunt and then tried time and time again
    to force it into my bum but I just couldn't open it enough to get his prick
    in. The pain was pretty horrendous and I cried out loudly but in the end
    he had to admit defeat and fucked my cunt again. Having spent twice already
    and seemingly always taking a long while to spend, this time he seemed to
    take an hour although it may have been shorter in reality. He didn't withdraw
    from me either but left it in, still not really soft and he dozed off again. 
Light was beginning to show through my small window when he gripped and
    twisted my tits. I screamed and was immediately awake. I prayed this would
    be the last time and dutifully lay on my back. Once more he forced his way
    in without any regard to my body. By now I was so sore and sensitive that
    I couldn't help but scream as he plunged into me. He just kept laughing at
    my suffering and when he finally finished, growled that he was going to spank
    me again because I didn't take it in the bum. I yelled and screamed, No,
    and tried to get away, but he held me tight. He'd laid on about half a dozen
    slaps when a voice from the door said quietly, &quot;That's enough Rondo.
    Let the girl go.&quot; The doorway framed the stooping form of the circus
    strong man. &quot;You've kept us awake half the night and by the looks of
    things, you've hurt her pretty badly. You've had your money's worth now get
    dressed and go back to your caravan.&quot; Grumbling Rondo did as he was
    told. Luckily for me the strong man had booked Clary, one of the other maids,
    for the night. He called her in to tend to me and helped hold me while she
    bathed my sorest places. I never did get to see the circus. I was far too
    sore to sit on a hard board for any length of time.&quot; 
Rose shook her head as if waking from a dream and looked at us with some
    concern. I praised her for the tale and gave her a hug. By then it was time
    to leave and I collected my rum, paid the tab for all our drinks and made
    my way home to Beatie. 
As I said at the beginning, this blog will be the last at least for a while
  unless circumstances change here and I get some private time on the computer
  when I know I will be alone in the house. How much more the ring will change
  my life and what other tales I listen in to, remains to be seen. Already the
  ring has made a great difference to my life and I can only thank my mother
  for volunteering me to help Jean clear old Miss Read's house. 
My regards to all whom have taken the time and trouble to read these blogs, 
Dr. Derek Meeks 
Ring of Truth 
by obohobo 
&nbsp; 
Warnings 
Please take note! 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
  adults only. 
MF MM FF NC. Spanking WS 
If you are underage or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file
  is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2005 
Prologue 
After finding the Ring of Truth and learning a little of its properties, I,
  Dr. Derek Meeks, decided to keep a sort of diary, a 'blog' of events surrounding
  its use in my life. At the same time I added excerpts from the leather book
  that came with the ring so they would be readily readable. For the time being
  I am keeping the information in a protected file on my computer and, for reasons
  that will become obvious to anyone privileged to view them, I do not intend
  to print them out until I, like the previous owner, decide to put the ring
  in some safe place. That may not be for many years hence. 
Dr. Derek Meeks. 
P.S. (Later). I have now decided to anonymously publish an edited version
  of the blog together with the excerpts from the book on a site I visit frequently
  and get much pleasure from reading the stories it contains. Names of people
  (including my own), and places have been changed but otherwise this is an honest
  account of my experiences with the ring. I have tried to write each blog as
  a readable narrative and have concentrated on the sexual aspects mainly because
  I know that it what readers visit this site for and because they brought me
  the greatest pleasure. I hope it will do the same for you. 
Blog 20. Jane's dream 
Friday 28th January 2005 
This evening I took Sarah to the home of Jackie Tomlinson and Terry Hunter
  a couple of miles the other side of campus. Jackie works in admin and Terry
  teaches humanities. They've been living together for a couple of years and
  have decided to get married. Sarah's fame as a wedding dress maker seems to
  have spread further than we thought and when I had to pop into see the secretary,
  Jackie waylaid me to ask if Sarah would do her a dress. Of course it is not
  just a dress for her, but also for the two bridesmaids. The outcome was tonight's
  meeting which I guess will take several hours. She'll phone when she wants
  me to pick her up so I have an evening on my own in the house and can write
  another of these blogs. I've had this one in my mind for a several days after
  listening in to the thoughts of a young girl as she read and re-read a pop
  concert programme. 
I had to go into work last Sunday week to start some cultures. I went in early
  so my day off wouldn't be completely wasted. When the first stage was completed
  it was still only eight o'clock so I decided to walk to the faculty staff room
  to make a coffee and write up a few notes during the hour I needed to wait
  before I could finish setting up the culture. I don't know who was the most
  surprised, the girl or me. She lounged in one of the big easy chairs and looked
  startled when I went in. &lt;&lt;&quot;Who is he? Mum said no one would
  be in here today. Not too bad looking, not all that old either. Is he one of
  the professors?&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&quot;Hi,&quot; I interrupted her thoughts, &quot;It's okay, I presume you're
  here with one of the staff.&quot; 
&quot;Mum's cleaning upstairs,&quot; she answered. &lt;&lt;&quot;I'd better
    leave.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&quot;Don't let me disturb you, I'm only here to write up some notes and make
  a coffee. I'll make you one too if you want one.&quot; She shook her head no,
  and glanced a little nervously at me when I went to a table across the way
  from her. &quot;I guess you went to the concert last night.&quot; I remarked
  as I pulled the chair out. 
&quot;Yeah. Were you as well?&quot; 
&quot;No, not my kind of music. Classical is more to my liking,&quot; I replied. 
&quot;Yuck!&quot; She settled back in the chair. I kept an eye on her while
  I arranged my papers. I guessed she was about fourteen and developing nicely
  although wearing baggy jeans and a bulky sweater concealed most of her form.
  Her face held my attention for a short while. It was small and roundish, and
  she wore purple framed, oval spectacles, which made her look more mature than
  I felt she was. Her long brown hair hung down in front of her left shoulder
  to below the level of her breasts and it had a nice, freshly brushed, sheen.
  I didn't dare to stare for long and settled down to work. 
My notes didn't take many minutes and soon I tuned into her thoughts. At first
  they'd been about me and she debated whether or not to leave and find her mother
  but she knew that wouldn't be easy with the security doors. I flipped open
  my laptop and almost hid behind the screen. Just in case she decided to come
  and look at what I was doing, I brought up the ulcer pictures that so disgusted
  the boy on my hotel stay a month or two ago. I also opened a Word document
  and started making notes on her thoughts. Gradually Jane, (I have changed her
  a name), became more and more engrossed in the programme she was reading, or
  more truthfully, she was looking at the pictures and remembering the concert
  held on campus the previous evening. I've become almost blas&eacute; concerning
  the dirty thoughts of many otherwise seemingly prim and proper women but the
  those of this young girl, by her own admission still a virgin, shocked me. 
The mental image Jane projected from the photo she was staring at, was of
  Ricky Knottshall, the lead singer of a heavy rock band. &lt;&lt;&quot;Shit
  he really is sexy, and the way he moved last night really was suggestive. Made
  me feel that he was ready to fuck us all. God he's gorgeous. I love his long
  black hair, and just look at those chest muscles! I don't think he ever does
  his shirt up. Wonder if that bulge in his crotch is really his prick. I've
  heard some men put padding in their pants to make it seem like they've bigger
  cocks than they have. I believe Ricky's is real. Giggle. You could almost make
  out the form in the lights last night especially with his trousers being so
  tight. Wonder what it is like. Bet it's huge. Pity mum had to bring me here
  this morning. In bed I could have played with myself. Stupid cow! She didn't
  want to leave me alone in the house and yet she leaves me alone in this place
  with that professor git. She'll be done upstairs shortly and then it'll be
  another hour before she's done this floor's corridors. Wish Ricky would come
  in and take me out to his tour bus but he's well away by now.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
She turned the page to another picture of Ricky and a couple of others from
  the group alongside their bus and surrounded by a host of teenage girls. &lt;&lt;&quot;I
  bet they'd all go to bed with him, given half a chance. I guess I would too.
  The git doesn't seem to be taking any notice of me. Wonder what he's typing?
  Think I'll curl up in this chair and try and sleep a bit more. Never slept
  too well last night after all the excitement of the concert. And then bloody
  mum has to wake me at some shitty godforsaken hour and bring me here. Better
  slip my trainers off first in case the git objects.&quot;&gt;&gt;  I heard
  rather than saw, her shoes softly hit the floor and then she curled up in a
  foetal position with the programme in her view on the arm of the chair. &lt;&lt;&quot;Umm,
  these professors have nice comfy chairs in their room. Wonder what would have
  happened if I had slipped on to the tour bus and spent the night with Ricky
  and Donavan and Clyde. Bet some of those groupie girls did. Bet they got well
  and truly fucked. I know the bus is equipped with every convenience and they
  employ a driver so they can get a bit of rest between gigs. Those groupie girls
  won't let them rest too much though. I wonder&quot;&gt;&gt; 
The scene in her mind changed to the group signing autographs outside the
  bus.  &lt;&lt;&quot;I wonder if I can sneak on while they're not looking?
  The door's half-open and no one seems to be looking I'm going to risk it. Made
  it! Better hide. Where? The bog? This looks like it. Very posh. I'll sit on
  the seat until they get going. Just think, Ricky's had his bare arse on this
  seat. I wonder if he's wanked himself off in here? Don't expect so, not when
  he has all those groupie girls to service him. Hope I can do that for him tonight.
  Will Donavan and Clyde expect to have me too? No, there'll be other girls with
  them. Oooh, we're moving. Better sit tight until one of them comes in for a
  piss. It's only about twenty minutes to the motorway and then they won't want
  to turn backGod, someone had better come soon, it seems ages since we started.
  I can hear them talking. No girl's voices though. Wonder why? Footsteps on
  the stairs. Wish I could stop shaking.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Hey boys we've got a stowaway! Nice young little bitch.&quot; Donavan
    called out to the others. &quot;Well get yourself off the seat girl unless
    you want me to piss all over you.&quot;&gt;&gt; I received images of
    Donavan grabbing her arm as she tried to leave and of her being forced to
    watch as he pulled out his prick and started to pee. &lt;&lt;&quot;Hold
    it for me What's your name girl?&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Jane.&quot;&gt;&gt; The picture this time was of an
  over large prick as she shyly touched it and then held it. 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Okay, give it a shake and then we'll go into the saloon
    and get acquainted with the othersand you.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
The scene changed to the saloon on the tour bus. Ricky and Clyde were lounging
  on the settees and like Donavan, were wearing only shorts.  &lt;&lt;&quot;This
  is Jane,&quot; Donavan announced, &quot;Found her hiding in the loo so she
  must want it bad. Doesn't seem like the other sluts we've had on board. No
  doubt she will be once we've all had our pricks in her.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;They're going to fuck me. I wonder what that'll be like?
    All three of them and me still a virgin. I won't be after tonight. I bet
    they'll do it really hard. They have that macho image to keep up. I don't
    care if it does hurt. What a coup for a first timer to be fucked by all of
    the Mindbenders,&quot; Jane thought.&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Come on in Jane, I guess you know all of us,&quot; Ricky
    said. &quot;Not bad. You don't look like a groupie though. I hope you're
    not some little prick tease that just wants an autograph and a cuddle. Are
    you?&quot; 
&quot;I've not done it before, but I want to do it with you,&quot; Jane
    stuttered, &quot;And I don't have much choice when I'm alone on this bus
    with you.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Well I hope you're still willing when you've seen this.&quot; Ricky
    lowered his shorts to reveal a huge erect prick, &quot;Because like you said,
    its going to be rammed up your tight little cunt anyway. You going to undress
    for us on your own or shall we tear them off you?&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;I'd like for you to undress me properly Ricky and then for
    the others to hold me down while you do it to me first. That way I can't
    even try to back out.&quot;&gt;&gt;  She stepped closer to Ricky and
    he pulled her sweater off and the one Clyde undid the bra clasp. 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Nice little tits,&quot; Ricky commented as he mauled them, &quot;No
    doubt they'll get a lot bigger after you've been well fucked a few times.
    You are old enough?&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&quot;Yeah,&quot; Jane lied, &quot;Just a slow developer.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
Ricky now fumbled with the button on her jeans and freed them and in a short
  while she stood naked in front of the group who all made favourable comments
  on her appearance.  &lt;&lt;&quot;We were supposed to have a quiet night's
  rest before our next gig. That's why we turned the other girls off the bus
  but to hell with a quiet night when we've a nice young piece of cunt to fuck,&quot; Clyde
  remarked crudely. &quot;Come on, Donny, help hold her down like she wanted
  and then Ricky can give her a good poking so we can have a turn.&quot;&gt;&gt;  They'd
  obviously done this before because Ricky took the cushion off the settee and
  laid it on the floor and Jane was made to lie face up on it while Clyde opened
  her legs and Donny held her shoulders. 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Ready Jane?&quot; Ricky asked.&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;Do it! Fuck me. Fuck me like a whore.&quot;&gt;&gt; I
  could tell Jane was getting wet just thinking about it and she made a few wriggling
  movements in the big chair. I of course pretended not to notice and continued
  with my 'work'. 
The pictures that came through to me were very vivid. Ricky showed her his
  rock hard prick again and then rammed it in. Jane gave a little cry both in
  her dream and in reality. For a second she opened her eyes and looked at me
  but I continued typing as if I was oblivious to what was going on. Ricky continued
  to plough into her without a thought that this was her first time.  &lt;&lt;&quot;You
  wanted it good and hard Jane,&quot; he said, &quot;And that's the way you're
  getting it. We've no time for girls who want it done genteelly, even if they
  are virgins. This is something you'll remember for the rest of your life.&quot;&gt;&gt;  Jane
  moved her head to one side only to come face to face with Donavan's prick.
  She opened her mouth to cry out but was silenced as the prick went into her
  mouth. He held her head so she couldn't pull away. In her dream, Jane climaxed
  several times before she felt Ricky flood her womb with his seed.  &lt;&lt;&quot;Maybe
  I'll have his kid,&quot; Jane thought. &quot;That'll be something to boast
  about.&quot;&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;&quot;My turn,&quot; Clyde grinned as he took over Ricky's place.&gt;&gt; 
&lt;&lt;Jane continued to suck Donny's prick. &quot;This feels great. There's
no pain now; only sexy enjoyment; only the thrill of being fucked by the band
members. It could go on forever,&quot; she said to herself.&gt;&gt; 
&quot;Wake up Jane. Oh sorry sir, I didn't think anyone would be in here.
  Hope she hasn't been disturbing you.&quot; The cleaning lady came in and rudely
  awakened Jane from her dream. 
This is just another example of the dirty thoughts I've read in ladies minds
  but to me it was all the more surprising because the girl was so young and
  inexperienced in the ways of sex. No doubt though, if it had really happened,
  she would have been very traumatised and the band imprisoned. 
Finis? 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





