BDSM Library - Paradise




Paradise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story about a group of space travelers who crash land in the desert and set up a community that practices sexual freedom that would be deemed by humans to be bizarre.PARADISE   
Chapter 1   
Anjee was hesitant. Her eyes roamed the audience who gazed upon her with
  great expectation. Her mouth became so dry when she was nervous like this.
  She couldn't believe she was going to go through with the initiation. A part
  of Anjee was excited, however. Her body and mind were in conflict with one
another. Startled, the petite redhead felt two strong hands on her shoulders.  
The man behind Anjee, cloaked in black, announced, "Welcome all, denizens
  of Sanctuary. You are here to bear witness to this young woman's Grand Initiation
  Ceremony. Tonight, Anjee shall willingly give of herself and share her essence
  for the first time with us all." The members stood up immediately and began
  to applaud. Anjee briefly smiled, in response to the applause.  
Master turned the young virgin around to face him. She looked up and saw
  in his eyes, power and gentleness. He asked, "Are you ready, Anjee?" She nodded
  and whispered, "Yes." Lord Mardee walked over to the center of the stage and
  began preparations for the initiation. Two women came out from behind the curtains.
  Then the curtains were drawn back to reveal a large plastic horse. The audience
  again broke into applause and then sat down. Some citizens began to undo their
  pants and fondle themselves.  
The spotlight shifted from the horse to Master and Anjee. Master reached
  out and touched the back of her head, feeling the soft red hair between his
  fingers. He bent down to smell the girl's hair and then give her a kiss on
  the lips, allowing his tongue to explore her tender mouth. Anjee's heart thumped
  wildly in her chest. She was almost dizzy with anticipation. As Master's tongue
  lingered and locked with Anjee's tongue, his penis grew hard as steel.  
All around the cavern walls, gigantic tv monitors showed the live performance
  to those who could not see from the back rows. One such member, Janice Warner,
  was busy robbing the crotch of her panties. Her friend, Billy, had already
  slid her sweatpants off. Billy was always helpful in this fashion. In fact,
  Billy had gained a reputation in Sanctuary as a Good Samaritan. That's why
  they called him "Helpful Billy". Janice allowed "Helpful Billy" to pull the
  shirt off her back and rewarded him with a lick across his lips. Billy laughed
  and said, "You're so sweet. I'm going to see just how sweet you are." Janice
  giggled and lay down so "Helpful Billy" could pull down her purple satin panties
  and expose her swelled labia.  
Meanwhile, Master withdrew from Anjee's hot mouth and began to unbutton her
  shirt. Having removed her shirt, Master took out his knife and carefully cut
  into her bra straps. He gazed at her freckled chest, mouth watering. Lord Mardee
  came over to inspect Anjee, touching her short cropped red hair and let his
  eyes set upon her creamy white cleavage. Once her bra was removed, both men
  gazed at her well rounded, softball sized breasts. Her nipples stood rigid.
  Her freckled chest heaved. Master cupped one of her breasts and bent down,
  licking and tasting her puffy red nipple. Lord Mardee, in turn, roughly grabbed
  the other tit and sucked the stiff puffed nipple. Anjee stretched out her arms
  and remained in place, allowing both to feast on her soft bosom, moaning slightly.
  Moments passed until Master and Lord Mardee, in unison, lifted the girl's five
  foot two frame and allowed the female stage hands to pull off Anjee's slippers
  and sweat pants. After most of her clothing was removed, the audience sighed
  and began to shout compliments toward the young initiate. Then, Master gently
  pulled down her white lace panties, freeing her beautiful hairless twat. Master
  smiled and gingerly placed a finger along side of her swelled cunt lips. Slowly,
  he began to slide his finger into the virgin's tender vagina and roam her inner
  sanctum. Young Anjee was very tight. Soon, fresh juice covered his finger.
  Anjee squirmed, yet began to moan. Master placed his slick finger into his
  mouth and tasted Anjee's kind offering. Lord Mardee plunged a finger inside
  her slippery cunt and then pulled it out, tasting the juice, as well. "Delicious",
  he remarked.  
The horse that was wheeled to center stage was see through. Val, one of the
  stage hands, worked on placing a clear plastic container on the bottom of the
  horse. While Val did this, Master and Lord Mardee hoisted Anjee upon the horse.
  Anjee had received instructions on how to position herself on the mechanical
  horse earlier and did what was required. Gina, the other stage hand, went backstage
  and came out with a stepladder. As Master stepped up on the stepladder, wires
  lowered from the ceiling. At the end of the wires were nipple clamps. Anjee
  shuddered at the sight of the clamps, biting her lower lip. Master gave her
  a quick wink and smiled. Carefully, Master applied each clamp upon her tender
  hard nipples and nodded toward Val, who stood ready next to the control panel
  on the wall. Val pushed a button and watched the wires rise increasingly until
  Anjee's nipples and breasts were pulled upwards a little more than an inch.
  Master placed straps around the petite redhead's thighs and slowly pried her
  butt cheeks apart across the saddle so that her anus was positioned over a
  hole. He then fitted a sturdy plastic ring over her now throbbing clitoris.
  Using small straps attached to the ring, he pulled them back so the blood engorged
  clit was well extended to a half inch or so. Master neatly worked the clitoris
  straps to the metal rings of the thigh straps. He had done this routine so
  expertly; he could have done it blindfolded. Lord Mardee offered, "Care for
  any assistance?" Master replied, "No thank you. Just one more step in the procedure." And
  with that said, Master placed his fingers onto Anjee's slick cunt lips and
  pried them apart, exposing her tiny hole. Master instructed, "Relax and allow
  yourself to come down upon the seat." Anjee eased downward so that her juicy
  pussy hole was situated over top the front plastic hole of the horse. Her nipples
  were pulled even more taunt than before. Her pale breasts lifted into the air.
  The pain was more than mild, but not so much that she had to scream.  
Soft orchestra music emitted from wall speakers, adding drama to the event.
  Most citizens of Sanctuary were obviously pleased with the ceremony thus far.
  Many were stroking hardened cocks, fingering well lubricated cunts and committing
  other acts of sexual desire. Janice, for example, was busy sucking the red-purplish
  head of Helpful Billy's meat log.  
Back and forth, the mechanical horse began to rock. With each gentle motion,
  Anjee's tits were stretched slightly. Everyone, who wasn't touching themselves
  or one another, gave another round of applause. Then Anjee felt an odd sensation
  and looked down to see a tubular apparatus. It was four inches in length and
  coming from an opening in the seat. It sprayed something warm and wet all over
  her throbbing clit and barely gaping pussy. Then the perforated ball at the
  end of this device opened up and drew closer to her helpless extended clit.
  Anjee shrieked in terror. What was it going to do, her mind frantically wondered.
  Lord Mardee was suddenly at her side. Looking at her reassuringly, the goateed
  man placed his hand on her tight butt cheek and massaged it. "There, there,
  child", he explained, "It will be alright." Then Mardee stepped back to watch.  
The ball gaped open and slowly engulfed her entire clit. The thing commenced
  squeezing the tortured clitoris, pulling it, sucking it. Anjee began sobbing.
  Minutes of this crept by. Then a piston like device rose up inside her anus
  and went up and down, vibrating increasingly inside her rectum. Anjee moaned
  loudly now. Her cries dulled the sound of the music. Then the horse began moving
  back and forth a bit faster. Anjee's mouth emitted a scream. Wave after wave
  of orgasm shuddered throughout her spasmodic body. Another piston pushed up
  from the horse's saddle and violated her gaping pussy hole.  
"Aaaaaaaaaahhhh!", she bellowed. Ounces upon ounces of fresh pussy juice
  gushed from her ever widening cunt. The front piston suddenly lurched further
  into her snatch, busting through her hymen and deeper inside her gushing cunt.
  The noise from her sloshing vagina caused all in the front rows and beyond
  to become slack jawed with astonishment. Trickles of blood went down the horse's
  side. Her pain. Her pleasure. Both intertwined. It appeared as if she was having
  seizures as she jerked this way and that. Both penetrating pistons shook violently
  now. The young redhead's juices were sucked through the perforated piston heads.
  The audience could visibly see Anjee's cunt dripping essence flow down into
  the horse's back, through the clear plastic stomach and spill into the jar
  attached at the bottom. The container was filling up quickly.  
Twenty minutes of Anjee's "ride" continued. The pistons and clitoris grappler
  had manipulated her for so long, draining her of liquids. A sensitive sensor
  within the horse registered that her vagina was becoming dry. At this point,
  the clitoris grappler sent a mild spark of electricity through her clit while
  the nipple clamps delivered a mild shock to her round, knobby nipples. The
  pistons were rapidly entering and withdrawing from her openings, shaking like
  badly tuned engines. The overall effect caused the once innocent girl to scream,
  releasing pussy juice that her body was forced to manufacture. Anjee's eyelids
  blinked fleetingly. She was ready to collapse. Then suddenly the horse ceased
  moving. Master and Lord Mardee took off the straps and removed Anjee from the
  horse. Some who gawked at the big screen monitors were in awe of the orange-sized
  openings of her cunt and asshole. Master lowered her to a cot on wheels. Gina
  rolled Anjee's cot to left of the stage. Turning toward the audience, Master
  smiled. Pleased, the man in black attire, said, "It is obvious this young woman
  has given her "all" for us tonight. Tonight, as we taste her sweet pussy juice,
  her blessed offering, we must give thanks to this beautiful girl for her selfless
  act." Everyone stopped what they were doing and stood up to clap their hands
  vigorously. They murmured amongst themselves; comments that basically agreed
  with what Master declared.  
Several minutes passed before a wakening probe was put beneath Anjee's nose.
  When she opened her watery eyes, she focused on Master and Lord Mardee, hovering
  over her. They seemed concerned. Val and Gina quickly picked her off from the
  cot and drug her over to the front of the stage. Anjee found she couldn't walk
  on her own. Everyone was still applauding her as Master asked if she was able
  to speak. Anjee nodded, grateful the ordeal was complete. Then Master asked
  the naked young initiate if she would care to talk to her people.  
Clearing her throat, she noticed the crowd was observing her with serious
  intent.  
Several called out and inquired if she was okay. Anjee nodded and replied, "It
  is an honor to fully become a citizen of this great community. As my essence
  passes your lips and you literally drink me into your bodies, know this, my
  friends&hellip; What I did tonight, I did voluntarily. I experienced both amazing
  pain and mind blowing pleasure. And my spirit in now connected to all of you." Trembling
  with exhaustion, Anjee raised her hand to her lips and blew the audience a
  kiss.  
Moments later, the jar containing Anjee's pussy juice was removed from the
  clear mechanical horse. The jar was then passed from one denizen to another.
  Each took a sip of the blessed contents, relishing the taste in their mouths
  before allowing it to journey down their throats. Afterwards, an orgy ensued.  
The ceremony that took place would enrage, sicken, or perhaps, enthrall humans
  outside Sanctuary. But there was logic behind the apparent madness.  
Nearly a decade ago, a group of visitors from a planet in the Hydra Si star
  system were investigating Earth's solar system. One of their primary missions
  was the observation of humans and their cultures. The group consisted of scientists,
  engineers, spiritualists and ordinary beings with no particular vocation.  
These extra-terrestrials are similar, in appearance, to human beings with
  a few minor physical differences. However, HydraSians differ from homo sapiens
  in their physiological needs and function. Like humans, HydraSians can derive
  much needed nourishment, vitamins and minerals from meat, vegetable and fruit
  sources. Without these sources and water, HydraSians would perish. Though,
  unlike humans, they are able to survive considerably longer without food and
  water. The most important sustenance to a HydraSian is fresh fluids excreted
  by their sexual organs. These fluids, that can only be taken orally, are vital
  to their immune systems. Nothing chemical or otherwise can take the place of
  their unique seminal and vaginal fluids. An individual HydraSian cannot ingest
  one's own sexual fluid and gain anything life sustaining from it. Much like
  a vampire from human folklore, HydraSians live off the organic fluids of others.
  Instead of blood, however, they must consume sperm and vaginal juice.  
During their mission, navigational control somehow failed, causing their
  saucer to crash in the Sonoran Desert in Arizona. Repairing the craft proved
  impossible. Using their advanced technological skills and plasma cannons, they
  were able to construct tunnels, generators, living quarters and large communal
  areas underground. Frequently, a group of them would have to travel to nearby
  cities in order to bring back the materials they needed for their community.  
Not long after the crash, a charismatic, spiritual being emerged as a leader
  from the 77 HydraSians. They gained wisdom and enlightenment from this man
  they knew as Master; a title given to only the wisest of spiritualists. Lord
  Mardee, friend and spiritual leader as well, became second in command. Years
  passed with ingenious feats of engineering inside the dwelling they called
  Sanctuary.  
The denizens believe in a culture of peace, sexual freedom and free will,
  so long as their actions do not involve critical or life threatening harm to
  others.  
Nearly ten years have gone by since the HydraSians crashed in the desert.
  With the remains of their saucer underground, the peaceful beings hid themselves
  in secrecy, unnoticed by humans.  
Change of fate would soon assault them.  
PARADISE   
Chapter 2   
 After crash landing in the Sonoran Desert of Arizona and establishing a
  peaceful community underground, Sanctuary's population had grown from 77 HydraSians
  to only 133 HydraSians in nearly a ten year span; which wasn't much. Taking
  into account the HydraSian's intense sexual activity, by comparison, a human
  community in the same cultural atmosphere would have likely produced at least
  three times as many offspring in that length of time. HydraSians, however,
  carefully monitored and maintained a low birth rate using advanced contraceptive
  technologies to prevent overpopulation in a limited living area. All of the
inhabitants were in agreement with this decision.  
HydraSians and humans also differed in the way their bodies developed throughout
  their lives. After only two months following conception, a HydraSian infant
  would be born, reach "human adolescence" between five to six years and become
  an adult, both in body and mind, by the human age of ten. After such rapid
  growth in such a relatively short period, a human biologist would be astonished
  to learn that the aging process for a Hydrasian would then slow dramatically
  after arriving at adulthood. Most HydraSians, in fact, were well known to live
  between 100 and 120 human years.  
With that said, Zahkra, Fayne and Ulla were becoming bored with the lack
  of variety within Sanctuary's underground denizens. The HydraSian females wanted
  something more.  
Zahkra was a tall, intimidating brunette with a muscular yet feminine physique.
  Her striking pale blue eyes caught the attention of many. She enjoyed dominating,
  both in debate and in sexual bouts, whether it was with males or females. In
  her mind, they had to submit to her strength of will or suffer, deliciously.
  Her perfectly tanned, flawless body and self confidence made her one of the
  more enviable inhabitants of Sanctuary. Others, however, regarded Zahkra as
  an unyielding bitch.  
During this particular session, Zahkra had her two submissive friends, Fayne
  and Ulla, on their hands and knees, facing in opposite directions. The dong
  had already been in their pussies for a half hour. "Closer," Zahkra demanded.
  Fayne and Ulla drew their well oiled asses closer together, sinking the fat
  double dong vibrator deeper into their pussies. Fayne, a trim, pony tailed
  blonde was cringing, gritting her teeth. Poor Ulla, a true masochist, was feeling
  the pain but giggling nevertheless. Zahkra laughed at this response and asked, "Enjoying
  yourself, Little One?" Ulla's pale skin glimmered beneath the stark ceiling
  light fixtures. Grabbing a handful of Ulla's long auburn hair, Zahkra leaned
  toward Ulla's ear and whispered, "I drink in your torment as if it were sweet,
  sweet nectar." Zahkra allowed the huge vibrator to quake and squirm inside
  their tortured cunts, without the aid of her hand, so she could reach out to
  give one of Ulla's nipples a cruel twist. Ulla yelped and almost passed out.  
Satisfied, Zahkra again took control of the vibrator. Fayne had already had
  multiple orgasms. The puddles of cunt secretions were expanding on the hard
  cold floor. Zahkra decided to have more fun with her girls by sliding the thick
  dong's rhythm button up another notch. This simple step caused the menacing
  device to gyrate and pulse at an even greater speed. Fayne grabbed hold of
  the near bedpost and cried, "Aaaa-aaaoooo!" Froth bubbled forth from her jaws
  as she succumbed to mind melting waves of orgasm. With eyes rolling up inside
  her head, Fayne collapsed on the floor, tearing the foot long vibrator out
  of her severely abused snatch. It made an audible popping noise when it came
  out. A small stream of blood and pussy juice followed the vibrator's exit,
  mixing in with the other puddles on the marble floor.  
Zahkra quickly took the end of the massive red dong and pushed it further
  into Ulla's mushy vagina. Ulla's head was still spinning when Zahkra suddenly
  reached around and pinched her fat little clit. Ulla trembled and came hard,
  spilling her slippery juices all over the floor. She was begging now, but she
  was not sure what she was begging for. Ulla forced her wrecked cunt to swallow
  more of the devilish device. Zahkra rubbed, between forefinger and thumb, the
  pretty young woman's fragile love button with increasing vigor. The string
  of orgasms Ulla experienced lasted nearly five minutes. Finally, Zahkra released
  Ulla's bruised clitoris and pushed more of the dong inside her until Ulla lost
  consciousness and slammed head first into the floor.  
Acknowledging that her girls were done for the day, Zahkra promptly got up.
  Placing her hands on her hips, the dominant HydraSian used her foot to drag
  the jerky snake like toy out of Ulla's gaping gash. The toy threw pussy juice
  in every direction until Zahkra picked the thing up and turned it off.  
"You know what we need, girls?" asked Zahkra.  
Fayne slowly turned her head, attempting to focus. She garbled a reply but
  it was entirely incomprehensible. Ulla was still gone from this world. She
  was barely breathing, in fact.  
Zahkra answered herself, "Fresh meat."  
Rarely did any of Sanctuary's inhabitants venture out of their underground
  dwelling. It had been Master's and the council's advice to make as few noncommissioned
  outings as possible during a year's time in order to avoid notice from outside
  authorities. This was understood by almost all the HydraSians in the community.
  They weren't prisoners, by any means, but most abided by the lenient regulation.  
Zahkra, however, never played strictly by the rules. And she never understood
  this soft regulation. She often argued with council to allow more leisure outings
  within a year's period. It had been six months since she asked to leave the
  habitation and had been given permission to do so during that time.  
Master, high spiritual leader for Sanctuary, was lying on his back in bed,
  naked, when Zahkra walked into his bedroom. Master was mildly shocked to see
  her enter but greeted her with genuine warmth.  
"Zahkra," the cheerful man voiced, "haven't had a personal visit from you
  for a long while."  
Taking a strategic position on the bed, between his upwardly bent legs, Zahkra
  intoned, "I know. I just thought maybe you were angry with me." She smiled
  and then continued, "I thought you wouldn't want to be near me since our last
  quarrel." The scantily clad seductress slid closer to him, inches away from
  his crotch.  
Master related, "Ah, I'm over that. That's history."  
"Good," Zahkra replied, before bending down to lick the head of his cock.  
Master inquired, "What do you want?" He was already hard and getting harder.
  Zahkra didn't answer at first. She was busy sucking the unusually large fleshy
  knob that was the pinnacle of his thick meat pole. Her tongue lingered and
  dug into his pee hole, searching for pre-cum. Master groaned and spread his
  legs further apart, allowing her ample space to feast on his throbbing penis.
  Master knew well her reputation as an expert cock sucker.  
Then she suddenly withdrew, wiping the saliva from her mouth.  
"Would you mind if the girls and I took an outing for the day?" asked Zahkra.  
Raising his hand and gently stroking the bold, tan woman's dark curly hair,
  Master stated, "It has been awhile." Then he added, "Its fine with me. Just
  try not to be out any longer than a couple hours. We've avoided suspicion for
  ten years. It would be hazardous for all of us if our paradise was detected."  
Zahkra nodded, in agreement and bent down to continue sucking Master's meaty
  organ until he finally spilled his precious seed down her throat.  
The four door truck came rambling out and up from the camouflaged doors of
  one of Sanctuary's entrances. Instantly, the sunshine hit them full force.
  Shielding their eyes, they emitted sounds of anguish, not prepared for the
  blinding light. Zahkra, Fayne and Ulla eventually adjusted and gratefully,
  were able to completely open their eyes, gazing at the full range of what the
  desert scene had to offer.  
Zahkra's plan was to speed toward the nearest town, in search of "fresh meat".
  After minutes of passing Saguaro cacti, massive rocks and a variety of bush,
  Zahkra suddenly stopped her truck.  
Fayne asked, "What's up, Zahkra?"  
"Yeah," said Ulla, "Why are we just sitting here?"  
Zahkra pointed, smiling and simply stated, "Look. Our fresh meat."  
Fayne and Ulla gazed where she was pointing and saw what appeared to be a
  young man, standing and looking down at his all terrain vehicle, just beyond
  a ridge. Zahkra grabbed hold of Fayne's arm and chuckled before saying, "I
  bet he needs our help." The girls giggled and were feeling a familiar dampness
  in their panties.  
After coming to a stop next to the man's 2004 Honda Sportrax ATV, Zahkra
  and the girls asked if he needed any assistance. The helpless rider surveyed
  the desert wilderness and couldn't believe his predicament. He explained he
  had run out of gas and didn't know where his buddies were.  
Fayne reached out and took the young rider by the hand, introducing herself, "My
  name is Fayne." The man momentarily took his eyes off Fayne's scrumptious cleavage
  and nervously said, "My name is David." Zahkra and Ulla introduced themselves,
  as well.  
Zahkra asked, "What happened?"  
David explained, "Me and my buddies were driving all around, to the north
  of here&hellip;." Pausing, David glanced over and noticed Ulla's nipples poking
  through her halter top. Ulla winked at him. Embarrassed and stimulated, David
  felt his penis begin to swell. He continued, "At least I think we were north
  of here. Anyway, I kind of got separated from them and eventually came this
  way. I've been riding all day. Got lost and ran out of gas. I figured they
  would have found me by now."  
Zahkra offered, "Well, David, we can take you back to our place. It's not
  far from here. We'll get your vehicle hitched to the back of the truck and
  take you there, get your tank filled and have you on your way again. Or we
  can drive you back to town, but first, you look like you could eat something."  
Zahkra grinned, knowing exactly what the young rider could eat first.  
As David pondered what he should do, Ulla nonchalantly walked behind David,
  casually pulled a small tranquilizer gun from the back of her shorts and shot
  him in the ass. The three mischievous HydraSians then commenced to hitch the
  ATV to the back of the truck. Completing that task, they loaded their captive
  in the truck cab and made the journey back to Sanctuary. Mission accomplished.  
The captive, strapped and bound in the bed, was a twenty-something male with
  a burr haircut. His short stature and thin body made him appear even more helpless
  than he already was. His name was David and he was slowly regaining consciousness.
  The girls had stripped off his clothes earlier. His legs were pulled apart
  with tethers tied to opposing rails. Now, they were enjoying rubbing flavored
  oils on his chest, genitals and buttocks. The oils produced the added benefit
  of creating a warm sensation on skin when applied liberally, in which they
  were.  
"Oh, I think he likes it," observed Fayne, as David's penis stiffened.  
Zahkra brought over a needled syringe and announced, full of glee, "He will
  especially appreciate this."  
Ulla pulled David's penis over to the side as Zahkra pierced the base of
  his penis with the needle. David winced. His eyelids fluttered. He opened his
  eyes, fully aware of his surroundings. He demanded to know where he was and
  why they were doing what they were doing to him. All the normal questions one
  would ask in such a situation. When David glanced over at the tray of peculiar
  devices and instruments to his right, he begged to be released.  
Zahkra put the syringe back in the tray and while taking off her robe, showing
  off her size 36D breasts, she began explicating everything she thought he should
  know, for the time being.  
"David, you are a guest in our home. As a guest in our home, you will follow
  our rules. Noncompliance to our demands will be rewarded with pain and possible
  death. The chemicals I have just injected into your body will better enable
  you to comply. One ingredient of this compound will cause your scrotum to bloat
  considerably and force fifty times the sperm production you would normally
  create. Another delightful chemical will make your handsome cock erect for
  4 to 5 hours. Yet another, will keep your heart rate stable and prohibit it
  from bursting in your chest as we do what pleases us with your body."  
David shouted, angrily, "Just let me go! My friends are looking for me!'  
Zahkra assured her "guest", saying, "I've checked the surveillance monitors.
  Your friends have left. And you are&hellip;. Fresh Meat."  
Confused, horrified, David's eyes began tearing up. With fists jerking, he
  exclaimed, "You bitches better let me go or I'm going to kill your fucking
  asses!"  
Fayne pinched David's tit and said, "Potty mouth."  
As Fayne and Ulla undressed, Zahkra explained, "Since I know you are thirsty
  from being in the desert for so long, you shall allow me to be the perfect
  hostess and straddle your face as you drink in my essence. Failure to do so
  will result in me cutting off your dick."  
Zahkra promptly got onto the bed and hovered her shaved, tantalizing cunt
  over his face. David smelled her sweet pussy and was aroused, despite being
  restrained against his will. The voluptuous woman lowered until her cunt lips
  were pressing against his mouth. After hesitating for a few seconds, David's
  tongue flickered against her cherry red clit. He licked and licked on her tasty
  clit, hearing soft moans from his captor. Minutes of this went by until David
  dove into her cunt, licking and exploring the inner walls of her womb, relishing
  the thick warm liquid that was released onto his palate. More and more tongue
  lashing ensued while Zahkra moaned. A gush of womanly cum filled David's hungry
  mouth. David drank deeply and began to suck down all the juice her quivering
  pussy gave out. Then David suddenly drew hard on her blood engorged clit. Zahkra
  cried out. The strong orgasm caused her to arch her back and sputter pussy
  juice out like a geyser.  
After Zahkra had given David all the juice she had, she lifted herself off
  the bed and patted David on his stubbly head. The girls then tended to David's
  throbbing meat pole, attaching the metal cock ring and ball separator, accordingly,
  prohibiting any ejaculation. The pressure between his enlarged testicles caused
  the young rider to sob a bit while the girls made their adjustments with his
  huge scrotal sac. He begged to be allowed to cum. Three point two ounces of
  jizz was stored up in his bloated nut bag, already.  
David looked adoringly at Ulla's tight, slender body. Her pert, full breasts
  bounced slightly and swayed as she got onto the bed and slowly sunk down on
  his steely manhood. Her beautiful brown eyes and matching smooth auburn hair
  made him smile slightly, despite his situation. As a matter of fact, he was
  beginning to enjoy his torment. Ulla winked at him, as she had done before,
  in the desert. This time, though, he felt no embarrassment.  
 Ulla rose. Then fell. She rose up again. Then fell. Each stroke his cock
  took into her lubricating vagina created thousands more spermatozoa in his
  fat cum sac. Her vaginal muscles clenched onto the base of his skin flute and
  kept their hold as she slid up and down. Moving forward a bit, she impaled
  her herself at an angle so his bulbous cock head was smashing against her ultra
  sensitive G spot. Repeatedly, she went at his cock at this angle until wave
  after wave of orgasmic spasms hit her. She shuddered and whimpered, forcing
  her cunt to take all his meat again and again.  
More than an hour of Ulla's ride passed. When she finally got off, Zahkra
  took her turn and furiously rode David with such gusto; he thought she'd rip
  his dick off. While Zahkra bounced up and down, Fayne happily pushed a bent
  anal probe into his ass, pressed a button on the wand part of it and listened
  to the thick, long probe hum to life. Soon, it was vibrating maddeningly, as
  Fayne pulled the probe in and out of David's asshole. Zahkra's cunt muscles
  seized on David's turgid ten inch meat log, wrapping it tightly, while rocking
  up and down. Suffering and experiencing joy, simultaneously, David hollered
  and shook like a rabid monkey.  
After Fayne took her ride on David, another hour had passed. The HydraSian's
  guest was in terrible pain. His scrotal sac had blown up to cantaloupe sized
  proportions. His dick was a dark red in color and becoming calloused. David
  was delirious, spit dribbling from the corners of his mouth.  
The moment David had been waiting anxiously for had finally arrived. All
  three of his captors got onto the king size bed. Carefully, Zahkra unsnapped
  the small latches of his cock ring and ball separator. Immediately, the females,
  using their mouths only, began sucking different areas of his tortured meat
  pole. Sucking and slurping. Sucking and slurping. On and on. Their mouths grappled
  his fat, apple sized cock head and suctioned off it with all their might until
  great geysers of plentiful jizz filled their hungry mouths. They were sucking
  and draining David's bloated bag like vampires. They, in fact, needed his "essence" in
  order to live. David, overjoyed, pumped his hips erratically, thrusting his
  cock forward, helping to feed the vampire aliens. The women of Sanctuary continued
  eating every rocketing shot of cum until the very last drop of sperm was siphoned
  out of his balls. Content and spent, David passed out.  
In Master's bedroom, off Corridor B, Master's personal assistants, Val and
  Gina were stepping into the spiritual leader's jacuzzi. As soon as the beautiful
  young ladies had settled into the burbling water, Master kissed each of them
  on the mouth. Master gazed lovingly at Val's pale, creamy breasts and looked
  up to compliment her on the job she performed during the virgin Anjee's Grand
  Initiation Ceremony. Master turned to Gina and complimented her, as well, regarding
  her performance that night.  
Without a word being spoken, both girls bent down to lick and suck Master's
  waiting cock.  
Beep   
Beep   
Beep   
Beep   
   
The intercom went off, interrupting Val and Gina's mealtime. Master reached
  and pressed a button on the intercom. He recognized the voice. It was Dr. Grokmor.  
Master, you mentioned before that you wished to be alerted when
      the egg was ready to hatch. Whatever is in there should emerge in approximately
      10 minutes or less. The shell is nearly transparent and the creature inside
      is moving about.   
   
Master answered, "I'll be there. Don't worry."  
There wasn't much time. Master quickly stood up in the jacuzzi and began
  stroking his meat pole, furiously. The girls were ready, mouths wide open.
  His ejaculate was vital to their health. Abruptly, Master let out a long sigh,
  spurting fresh man cream into Val and Gina's mouths. Their heads moved in unison,
  determined not to let one drop spill into the heated water.  
After the girls were satiated, Master got out of the big tub, got dressed
  and ran down to Dr. Grokmor's laboratory. He made it just before the creature
  tore and ate through it's shell.  
Dr. Grokmor had touches of gray scattered about in his hair. He was a tall
  and hefty HydraSian that had made it to eighty nine, in human years. Grokmor
  was known to be a sarcastic, yet highly intelligent scientist that had little
  patience when it came to "stupid" questions. Concerning his sexual nature,
  he preferred the intimate act to be a hasty and painless endeavor.  
In Grokmor's busy laboratory, Master and the scientist were looking down
  into the glass case, intently watching the birth of something. Something that
  Master would have trouble describing to Lord Mardee in the future.  
Grokmor was tapping data into his hand held computer when Master inquired, "Where
  was this egg picked up?" then he added, "I forget."  
Grumbling a bit, Grokmor ceased feeding info into his computer and answered, "In
  the last star system we were studying before entering the one we're in now.
  Damn, you were there. You were one of the first to see the egg. My assistant
  found it, originally, beneath a small pile of rocks on planet Olapp, sector
  3.3. A few minutes later and he was handing it to you. You seemed really interested
  in it at the time and told me to keep you informed, it case it hatched."  
Grokmor threw up his hands, as if he had just come to a great revelation,
  gruffly saying, "And wa-la, here we are now!"  
"Gee," Master returned, "You'll have to forgive me. That was a little over
  ten years ago. I'm surprised it has taken this long for it to come out of it's
  shell."  
"Yeah, me too."  
Seconds passed and the creature began squirming from the remnants of the
  strange purplish egg. The egg had been twelve inches in diameter. The creature
  that was emerging was six inches in length. There was some sort of yellow goo
  inside the egg. Grokmor thought it might have been what the creature had nourished
  itself from during it's long gestation period. The creature was dark green,
  with writhing tentacles and covered with perforated bumps and ridges. It's
  unusually large black eyes seemed to take as much interest in the two beings
  above it as they were of it.  
Grokmor raised an eyebrow and said, "Ugly motherfucker."  
The thing's head jerked toward the scientist, attempting to register the
  noise it had heard.  
Master asked, "What are those things on the end of its tentacles?"  
Grokmor peered closely at the creature and stated, simply, "Looks like suction
  cups."  
Lord Mardee was in the Surveillance Area, checking to see if they were any
  curious outsiders close by. Rubbing his goatee, looking at the monitors, he
  was mildly curious if Zahkra and the girls had come back from their outing.
  He checked the back tapes and found that there was 45 minutes missing from
  one of them.  
"That's weird," he said to himself.  
Suspicious, Mardee decided to pay a visit to Zackra's quarters to find out
  if she knew why a part of the tape had been erased. Maybe she didn't want anyone
  to know what they had been up to during their absence from Sanctuary, he concluded.  
The long haired Lord of Sanctuary came to the door and could hear giggling,
  followed by moaning. Then he heard a male voice saying, "Yeah, bitch, take
  it." There was a pause, then he heard Ulla cry out, "Give it to me hard, David."  
That's odd, he thought, there was no "David" in Sanctuary's population. Instead
  of knocking, Mardee promptly opened the door and saw a human male thrusting
  away at Ulla's ass while Zahkra and Fayne were eating each other out on the
  bed.  
Outraged, Lord Mardee shouted, "Who the fuck is this?!"  
Startled, Zahkra answered, "Just&hellip;. A friend in need."  
She laughed at her comment. Lord Mardee was not amused. He walked toward
  David and got a close look at his face. David smiled and said, "Hey, would
  you mind? Kinda busy here, ya know?"  
Mardee turned his attention to Zahkra and Fayne.  
"You know you broke the most important rule we have here! No outsiders! When
  the authorities come searching for him, they'll bring hell down upon us all!  
Zahkra said, "I apologize. It's just that we haven't had any "fresh meat" around
  here for so long." She gave David a wink. She looked back at Lord Mardee and
  said, "Give me a minute. I'll get dressed and go to Master and the council,
  explaining my actions."  
Mardee waited until she went into another room. When she came back, she was
  holding the same tranquilizer gun Ulla had used on David earlier. Before the
  Lord had a chance to move, Zahkra shot him, causing him to fall like a bag
  of rotten potatoes.  
Fayne said, "Let's lock him in the closet."  
Zahkra shook her head, thinking. "No. Something better. We'll take his ass
  to our private Extraction Cubicle and milk him for all he's worth."  
All of them laughed, heartily, including David, although he hadn't a clue
  what an Extraction Cubicle was. Minutes later, he found out when he helped
  carry Lord Mardee into it.  
When Lord Mardee regained consciousness, he found himself expertly strapped
  and bound to a chair. The room he was in was pitch black. He tried screaming
  but his mouth was duct taped. Worse yet, he was naked and a tube was encircled
  around the head of his cock. And then there was the pain he felt at the base
  of his cock. A needled syringe full of goodies had been inserted at that point.
  Suddenly, he heard the whirring of a machine starting. Oh shit, he thought,
  I know where I am. And he knew what kind of machine had been attached to his
  dick, too.  
But what he did not know was&hellip;. that it had been set for two quarts.  
PARADISE   
Chapter 3   
   
 Master had left Dr. Grokmor's laboratory and entered the Buffet Room for
  a late night snack. The spiritual leader of Sanctuary was enjoying a plate
  of breaded shrimp when it suddenly occurred to him that he hadn't seen Lord
  Mardee for hours. He wanted to share with him the good news about the egg hatching.
  Master withdrew his communication device from his pocket and attempted to contact
  him. There was no response.  
 Master presumed that he was likely humping the new initiate, Anjee, as he
  placed the device back in his pocket.  
 The Buffet Room chef, Andrea, came to his table while he ate and shook her
  head, displeased with what she was witnessing. Andrea was a petite brunette,
  with short, wavy hair and small breasts. Her tight, well rounded ass perfectly
  complimented her full hips and beautiful tanned thighs. Andrea often teased
  Master whenever he ventured into her place of vocation and this time would
  be no different.  
 "Now Master," Andrea chastised, "I told you once before, you do not have
  to eat your shrimp without the sauce that accompanies it."  
 "I'm sorry, Andrea, I wasn't thinking," Master said, apologetically.  
 Andrea placed her hands on her hips in mock anger, smiling. Master grabbed
  a nearby bowl, looked at his chef like a scolded child and said,"Please."  
 Satisfied, Andrea promptly took the bowl and placed it directly in front
  of her. Next, Andrea pulled down her tight shorts, wrangled out of them and
  then did the same with her thong. Master marveled at her puffy, hairless twat.
  Her cunt lips were plump, ready to be devoured. Andrea pushed the uppermost
  area of her vagina until her erect clit popped out. Andrea then began rubbing
  her little meaty nub. Master's mouth watered as Andrea plunged two long fingers
  into her vagina. Andrea moaned, fingering her clit and cunt. Leaning forward,
  Andrea gushed pussy juice into Master's dipping bowl, crying out, experiencing
  a powerful orgasm.  
 When she was finished, Master thanked Andrea for her "homemade" shrimp sauce
  and began dipping the seafood morsels into Andrea's tasty essence. Regaining
  composure, Andrea dressed and left him to dine.  
 After his meal, Master began searching for Lord Mardee. He would stop, time
  to time, asking inhabitants of Sanctuary if they had seen him. None had caught
  sight of Sanctuary's second in command, recently, they admitted. Master's forefinger
  brushed his dark brown mustache for a second and wondered if Mardee had gone
  to the gym, for whatever reason.  
Master stepped into the gym and saw "Helpful Billy", Gina and Anjee, the
  young participant in the Initiation Ceremony, engaging in a "workout". Master
  walked over and watched them exercise, before asking questions.  
All three had stripped away their clothing. Billy and the young redhead,
  Anjee, were placing Gina into a chair of straps, which hung from the ceiling
  of the gym. Gina's arms were upwardly stretched. Gina's ebony hair was tied
  back in a ponytail. The soft mounds on her chest bounced slightly as Billy
  pulled at her wrists and tied them to metal rings that were attached securely
  to adjacent tethers. Anjee was new to direct sexual activity with a man or
  woman. During the Grand Initiation Ceremony, the sweet, innocent HydraSian
  had her cherry popped by a transparent, mechanical horse. She was, technically
  speaking, still a virgin.  
Anjee licked her dry lips and aided Billy in lifting Gina's butt while Billy
  pulled more straps around Gina's honey brown thighs. Gina was now spread eagled.
  Her anus and swelled labia were poised in an upward tilt for easy entry. Billy
  picked up a jar and handed it to Anjee. Without uttering a word, Billy dipped
  two fingers, three inches deep, into the jar and motioned toward Anjee to mimic
  his action. With trembling hands, Anjee placed her small fingers into the jar
  of lotion while glancing at Gina's tight pussy lips. Gina now sat, leaning
  back, dangling above the floor several feet. Billy began rubbing the special
  lotion in and around Gina's swollen pussy. His hardened prick grew a half inch
  more as he bent down to look into her hole. Billy pushed a dollop deep into
  her cunt.  
The lotion caused Gina's pussy and asshole to pucker and become heated. Anjee
  carefully massaged the lotion onto Gina's labia, before smearing a dab on her
  blood engorged clit. Billy smiled. Anjee, suddenly inspired, began to explore
  more of Gina's vaginal crevices, delighting in the smooth and sensitive textures
  of the bound brunette's warm cunt. Then Anjee allowed her fingers to slide
  two inches below, paused for a few seconds and abruptly plunged into Gina's
  asshole. Gina cried out in pain, cursing. Thighs shaking, Gina gasped for air.
  Anjee remained motionless, keeping her fingers inside Gina's violated rectum.
  Feeling mischievous, the pale, freckled girl giggled at Gina's startled cry.
  Anjee had never touched a woman in this way before and she found she was enjoying
  it.  
"Shame on you," chided Master, as he stepped closer to the three. He grabbed
  hold of Anjee's busy hand. With considerable force, Master pushed Anjee's fingers
  to go inches deeper into Gina's ass.  
"See, you can do better than that," Master added, cheerfully.  
Gina, too shocked to scream, gasped like a floundering fish. Master jerked
  the young Anjee's hand from Gina's ass. Turning to Anjee, he winked.  
"My turn," said Master.  
Master pulled off his black clothes and gave Billy a courteous nod. Billy
  had participated in many exercises with his leader in the past. He knew, from
  past experience, that this would be a real treat.  
Without much ado, Master thrust his fat, meaty penis between Gina's pried
  apart ass cheeks. The head of his ample cock was as big as a baseball. Taking
  his cue, Billy grasped Gina's hips and pushed inside the woman's cunt, relishing
  the snug fit encompassing his prick. The lotion was doing its job of making
  Gina's cunt lips and vaginal muscles constrict. Both men grinded their cocks
  into her holes, pulling out and pushing in. Gina was coming hard. As evidence
  of this, fresh pussy juice was sloshing out of her snatch and splattering the
  floor below. Anjee observed the two old pros as they enjoyed their workout
  while she briskly diddled her twat.  
Anjee and her friends were moaning loudly. All were having mind numbing orgasms.
  A string of orgasms caused Anjee to lose her balance. She was close to collapsing
  on the floor when she felt Master grab her back. He had pulled out of Gina
  in a nick of time and heroically, caught young Anjee. She was still trembling,
  trying to get back her focus. Master gently placed the unstable girl on the
  floor. Then Master kneeled down and threw her ankles just over his shoulders
  and sunk his dick into her cunt. As he plowed into Anjee's tender, virgin cunt,
  Master squeezed her freckled right tit, heartily sucking her bright pink nipple.  
Anjee groaned, "Aaaaaa&hellip; Ohhhhh!"  
Her mind reeled as Master pumped in and out of her repeatedly. Finally, Master
  shot load after load of hot cum into Anjee's wrecked pussy. Since her twat
  could only hold so much, much of his semen gushed out between the sides of
  his cock and her cunt lips.  
When they finished, Master got up, panting. Anjee continued to shudder from
  the post orgasmic ripples that manipulated her body. The breaths she took were
  rough, raspy.  
Master looked down, locking eyes with Anjee and ordered, "When you are stable,
  you will eat the blessed seed that was spilled."  
Anjee nodded, turned over on her hands and knees and began lapping Master's
  jizz off the floor.  
Billy had finished shortly Master. He and Gina had been watching Master and
  Anjee as they climaxed together. Master struggled to pull up his pants, still
  dizzy from coming so hard.  
When Master was clothed, he came to Billy and asked, "Have you seen Lord
  Mardee?"  
"Yes, I saw him in the Surveillance Area several hours ago."  
"Then that's where I'm headed. By the way, have you seen Zahkra and her girls?"  
"Very briefly, at a distance in the hallway. They were carrying someone.
  I couldn't tell who. He or she had a bag over their face. It seemed to me that
  they were up to no good."  
"Care to join me in my search?" inquired Master, sensing trouble.  
Billy answered, "Anything to help out."  
Dr. Grokmor studied the strange creature for another hour before retreating
  to bed for much needed rest. He had decided on naming it Olapp, the name of
  the planet on which it was discovered.  
Moments after the Olapp was left alone, it immediately began to crawl up
  the side of the glass. It tried pressing it's tentacles against the heavy plastic
  cover, but learned it would not budge. The Olapp examined the cover closely
  and saw dime sized openings interspersed throughout its surface. The Olapp
  proceeded to stretch its six inch length, manipulating its form to narrow itself.
  Having accomplished this, the Olapp squeezed its body through one of the holes.
  Once it escaped, it skittered, spider like, out of the laboratory.  
Janice Warner and Billy Kostner were little, lost human children when Master
  had found them wandering in the desert long ago. He had seen them crying and
  hungry, stumbling about, shortly after the HydraSians had tunneled out the
  last section of Sanctuary. They were old enough to know their names but young
  enough not to where they came from. Master took pity on the two children and
  gave them a home in Sanctuary. Janice and Billy formed a strong bond during
  their stay. Everyone took turns teaching and taking care of Janice and Billy
  until they reached early adulthood. Since then, however, the denizens of Sanctuary
  had adopted the rule of disallowing the intrusion of outsiders.  
Janice was asleep in bed when the Olapp entered her bedroom. The creature's
  large black eyes roamed the vicinity and spotted the human, lying on her back,
  eyes closed. It ran towards the bed and leaped onto the thin sheet covering
  Janice. The Olapp raised its head, sensing a smell. It quickly scurried beneath
  the bed sheet and found where the smell was emanating from. The Olapp, by instinct,
  knew the smell of blood. Its long fork tongue lashed out in a flash, licking
  the slit between Janice's thighs.  
Having tasted her, the Olapp hurriedly buried itself into Janice's snatch.
  Janice woke up, screaming. The thing scrambled about inside, licking and sucking
  up her vaginal juice. The frightened female thrashed, reaching and pawing at
  her pubic area, desperate to get it out of her. Before she could toss the flimsy
  bed sheet from herself, the Olapp opened its scaly jaws and began biting, devouring
  her vaginal tissues. Janice shrieked and frantically tried getting the insidious
  creature out of her cunt, to no avail.  
The battle lasted for minutes until Janice's body went limp. The human female
  had lost too much blood. The Olapp burrowed itself deep into her vaginal cavity,
  eating its way through her kidneys, stomach and heart. When the Olapp's own
  stomach was bloated with her flesh and blood, it crawled leisurely out of the
  tunnel it created and left the bedroom. The size of the creature had quadrupled
  as a result of the feeding.  
Master and Billy had gone to the Surveillance Area. There, Master found the
  back tape Lord Mardee had found earlier. They, too, discovered that there was
  45 minutes missing from Zahkra and her girls' outing into the desert above.  
When they came to the door of Zahkra's quarters, Master took out his stunner,
  a device that shot out a ray of energy that made a living being incapable of
  movement. Instead of politely knocking on the metal door, Master punched a
  few codes into the control panel beside it. Almost immediately, the door slid
  open, going inside the cavern wall.  
Master and Billy were astonished to see Zahkra, Fayne, Ulla and a male stranger
  lying naked, asleep, here and there, about the room.  
Billy coughed, grinned and said, "They look like they've been having a real
  good time."  
Master glanced at David, ascertained, "And I bet that's the "fresh meat" they
  picked up on the surface."  
Zahkra woke. Before she could reach for her own stunner, Master used his,
  sending an energy burst that totally immobilized the tall, strong brunette.
  Fayne, Ulla and David opened their eyes.  
Fayne said, "It wasn't my&hellip; "  
Master cut her excuse short by giving her a blast, as well. Master then delivered
  two more shots to Ulla and David. Master looked to his right.  
"Extraction Cubicle," said the leader of Sanctuary.  
Billy opened the door to the small room. Both saw Lord Mardee, felt sorry
  for his situation and hastily released him from his peril. Mardee was drooling,
  perspiring and deathly pale. The machine, attached to his penis, had practically
  taken an entire quart of semen from him. Billy flicked a switch on the machine,
  turning it off.  
Master and Billy picked Lord Mardee up and laid him on the bed. He was unconscious,
  having passed out twenty minutes before being rescued.  
"Let's get him to the infirmary," Master directed.  
The Next Day   
The tribunal began, citing the violations Zahkra and the girls had incurred.
  Lord Mardee, since recovered from his previous torment, was seated by Master
  at the council table. The long haired Lord's meat kabob and withered nut sack
  were still plenty sore. Mardee offered only malevolent glares toward the HydraSian
  females that sat across the room. Zahkra returned his glare with a wink and
  a smile.  
The tribunal concluded with the council and all the residents of Sanctuary,
  voting. It was unanimously decided that Zahkra, Fayne and Ulla showed complete
  disregard for the safety of Sanctuary and were to receive punishment following
  the tribunal. David would not receive a reprimand or penalty for his role in
  putting Lord Mardee in the Extraction Cubicle. He was not yet a member of Sanctuary.
  The council was, in fact, unsure what they were going to do about David.  
Master stood up and read the script that was prepared.  
"Zahkra, Fayne and Ulla shall be taken to the Great Mechanical Horse and
  will be forced, taking turns, riding the beast for the duration of one hour
  on maximum settings."  
Lord Mardee whispered into Master's ear, "Let me whip them."  
Master nodded, adding, "While Lord Mardee whips them."  
Master cleared his throat and continued, "Thereafter, all three will be placed,
  bound and chained, in our Cell of Sorrow for sixty-five days. In the Cell of
  Sorrow, they will be denied recreation, sexual or otherwise."  
After Master made this last statement, he heard Zahkra pleading for forgiveness,
  but waved her off. But before she was shackled and taken away, he went to her
  and said, "Deep down, you know what you did was wrong. Be responsible for your
  actions. Receive your punishment with integrity and grace."  
Suddenly, an alarm sounded from Master's pocket. Master took out his communication
  device, pressed a button and asked, "What's wrong?"  
It was Dr. Grokmor.  
You need to come to Janice Warner's room. Quickly. It's too terrible.
      You and the rest of the council can see it for yourselves.   
   
As soon as Lord Mardee and Master entered Janice's bedroom, they had a difficult
  time holding down the contents of their stomach. They and the other members
  of council were undeniably shocked at the image before them. They saw the remains
  of Janice Warner, human female, on the bed. She had been eaten from the inside
  out. Blood and gore covered everything in the room.  
Master grabbed the doctor by the arm, asking, "What happened to her? Who
  or what did this?"  
Grokmor answered, "I went back to the laboratory when they found her. The
  Olapp has escaped from its case. My guess is; the Olapp savagely killed her."  
Lord Mardee inquired, "What's an Olapp?"  
Grokmor briefly explained about the egg, where it had been found and what
  the creature looked like.  
Grokmor went on, "Two more were killed, as well. One female. One male. Evina
  and Tyker. Both lived in Corridor C. Both were devoured, but not from the inside
  out. Studying its tracks and other evidence, Dr. Quint and I have surmised
  the creature is growing at a spectacular rate. We believe it is so large now,
  it cannot possibly fit inside an orifice, as it did when it began attacking
  Janice."  
Lord Mardee interjected, "We've gotta find this fuckin' thing and kill it."  
Master said, "And we better hurry, too. Let's break out the weaponry."  
Day after Tribunal   
   
Daniel Steiner, County sheriff, was searching along the basin for any signs
  of David, the boy who had taken his ATV far off the beaten track somewhere
  in the Sonoran Desert. His deputy, Gail, walked ahead of him, gazing into the
  sunset. The rest of the search party included David's father, the Reverend
  Tom Astin, the field guide, Lisa Jentilski and the track finder, Andrew Tweed.  
Sheriff Steiner was a large, husky man in his mid forties. He had been working
  within the Sheriff's department for a dozen years and would likely stay until
  retirement. Gail Stephens, the new deputy on the force, was a slim, 23 year
  old blonde. Both objected to the reverend joining the search for his son but
  the reverend's political clout and stubbornness won him a position in the group.  
Gail bent down and carefully picked a yellow flower from a Desert Senna.
  Her shorts rose up enough to allow the reverend a nice shot of her back upper
  thighs and a half inch of her lower buttocks. He ascertained that Gail had
  a fine, tight little ass. Despite the worry for his son, Reverend Astin's penis
  became erect.  
Andrew called out, "I found another tire track!"  
The rest came running and peered downward where Tweed was pointing. On the
  red ground below, the track was clearly visible.  
Steiner asked, "Think we're getting close?"  
Tweed replied, "Yeah&hellip;. And look at this over here."  
All followed and huddled over the area. There were footprints. Lisa Jentilski
  kneeled down and noticed threads hanging off a shrub. She picked them off and
  conjectured, "Maybe he was kidnapped."  
Tweed figured, audibly, "It does appear there might have been some sort of
  struggle here. I see four sets of footprints."  
Suddenly, something came running out of a patch of Creosote bushes. The animal
  squeaked, causing the startled Jentilski to fall back on a small cactus. She
  screamed, feeling the acute agony of spines piercing through her shirt and
  into her backside. Sheriff Steiner and the rest looked up in time to see a
  Rock Squirrel scurrying away. Next they heard a rattle. A snake was twisting
  around a shrub, ready to strike again.  
Jentilski, wincing from the pain, pointed out, "It's a Mojave Rattlesnake.
  Stay clear of that sucker."  
The next second, the Olapp seemed to materialize from nowhere. It had camouflaged
  itself against several nearby Saguaro cacti. It was quite visible now. It had
  grown up to a height of six feet, ten inches. Its gangly form stood on four
  legs and was covered with tiny holes, ridges and bumps. The perforated suction
  cups on the ends of its dark green tentacles opened and closed. The Olapp's
  tongue whipped out of its fanged maw.  
Without hesitation, Sheriff Steiner and Deputy Stephens withdrew their guns
  and commenced firing upon the beast. The beast, in turn, came running towards
  them with remarkable speed for its size.  
"Christ Almighty!" cried the reverend, stumbling backward. The reverend cursed
  as he fell over a rock, tumbling into a prickly cactus.  
The huge Olapp rushed the officers, ignoring the bullets that bounced off
  its impenetrable skin. Its powerful tentacles wrapped around Steiner's and
  Stephens' necks, strangling them. The officers unloaded their ammo into the
  monster but the thing wouldn't cease its hold on them. The Olapp furiously
  lifted the officers above the ground and tossed them into a large boulder.
  Both were knocked unconscious.  
The others made a futile attempt of escaping but the Olapp's lengthy tentacles
  coiled around their necks, as well. The three victims tried kicking and beating
  the ferocious creature and quickly found that fighting it was proving useless.
  The Olapp just didn't care.  
The reverend's eyes were suddenly transfixed on the Olapp's large black eyes.
  My God, he thought, its communicating with me. The Olapp was sending a telepathic
  message into Reverend Astin's brain. Over and over, the Olapp was sending&hellip;.  
Watch   
Watch what I do   
   
Watch   
Watch what I do   
   
Reverend Astin watched but he wished he couldn't.  
The Olapp seemed to smile as it used its great tentacles and suction cups
  to yank Lisa's shirt off of her. The thing's muscular appendages ripped away
  her bra, releasing her breasts. Lisa's breasts flopped down on her chest were
  immediately assaulted by the creature's suction cups. The cups grappled her
  tits and massaged them. Lisa screamed, pushing her hands against the Olapp's
  tight grasp. The Olapp's long fork tongue speared out of its gaping maw and
  lashed on and around the young woman's dark red nipples. This lasted for minutes
  until the Olapp grabbed Lisa's shorts and panties.  
"Stop it!" demanded Andrew Tweed. He was struggling to free himself, to no
  avail.  
The Olapp quickly ripped the girl's shorts and panties down, along with her
  shoes. The Olapp bent its spindly neck down and gazed upon her dark black pubic
  bush. The creature's tongue lashed out and sunk deep into her tender vagina.
  Lisa screamed, feeling the thing's tongue wriggling inside her, mashing against
  the walls of her uterus. The Olapp abruptly shoved a tentacle into her cunt,
  ripping her labia apart so it could suck in her vaginal juices. Blood gushed
  forth and splattered the ground beneath Lisa. Thankfully, she felt herself
  fade into blackness.  
The reverend and Andrew watched, helplessly, as the Olapp continued burrowing
  inside Lisa, destroying her organs. After it was finished, it let Lisa drop
  to the hard desert ground. She was dead.  
The Olapp continued its onslaught throughout the night, killing the rest
  of David's search party in the most horrible manner it could devise. The beast
  then consumed their bodies, leaving only bones and smatterings of blood on
  the ground. Once the Olapp was satiated, it left the human remains and ventured
  toward the small town of Melroy, Arizona.  
PARADISE   
Chapter 4   
 Nearly three hours into the search for the Olapp had gone by when Billy
  had caught up with Master and Lord Mardee in the Main Control Area. Dr. Grokmor
  was just beginning to explain some information he had learned about the creature
  when Billy came into the room and interrupted. Billy was talking so fast, obviously
excited, that Master told him to calm down and explain slowly.  
 With a little less urgency in his voice, Billy said, "I'm telling you I
  think the damn thing has left Sanctuary! I went down into the Surveillance
  Area and talked to Raij and Volluk. They were telling me they thought something
  strange had happened to them while on guard next to the main entrance doors.
  Both of them had a small swelling on their necks, as if a bug bit them. I took
  a look at their necks and both had the same kind of 'bite'. Same small size
  and same area on the neck. Furthermore, they had both awakened from a nap at
  the same time, not able to account for a half hour of time."  
 Grokmor interjected, "Interesting. I'll have to examine these swellings"  
 Billy put his hand up to quiet Grokmor and continued.  
 "I thought all of this might be too much of a coincidence. So Raij, Volluk
  and I checked the back tapes of anything that might have occurred in the Surveillance
  Area. Guess what we saw?"  
 Master grumbled, "I've never been good at guessing games. Just tell me."  
 "We saw nothing."  
 "That helps us out a whole lot." Master was struggling not to give Billy
  a swelling himself. Restraining himself, he allowed Billy to wag his tongue
  a little longer.  
 "What I mean is," Billy started, "That we saw 'nothing' open the main entrance
  doors. The cameras positioned on Raij and Volluk showed them suddenly falling
  asleep before the doors opened. We zoomed in on Raij and Volluk at that point
  during the recording. It appears that when they went to sleep, small red swellings
  began forming on their necks shortly after the doors opened. Then the tape
  showed the doors closing. This is what gives me the idea that the Olapp has
  left the building."  
 "Instead of Elvis," Master joked, recalling the silly old human catch phrase.  
 Dr. Grokmor pondered what Billy had said for a few seconds, and then responded, "It's
  possible the creature is able to camouflage itself, perhaps even make it invisible
  for a short period of time. Its ability to manipulate our computer systems
  to open the doors leads me to believe it is intelligent."  
 "Isn't that just dandy as cat piss?" quipped Lord Mardee.  
 Master smiled at Mardee and replied, "I think we've been on this planet
  for too long, friend. We're adding the humans' love of terrible language to
  our own vocabulary. It's either too much observance of their bad habits or
  too much watching of their television shows."  
 Lord Mardee laughed and then said, "Maybe both. I agree though. We need
  to get off this dung heap for a planet. They've got way too many trivial restrictions
  and laws for my taste."  
 Pointing to Mardee, Master cackled and said, "You said 'dung heap for a
  planet'. See what I mean?"  
 Lord Mardee and Master were still laughing when Dr. Grokmor cleared his
  throat and abruptly interrupted.  
 "If you're finished having your comedy hour, do you two leaders of Sanctuary
  believe you could join me in the Surveillance Area for a closer look? While
  the search for the Olapp was taking place, I was in the laboratory creating
  a device that will enable us to detect the creature's unique DNA. This will,
  hopefully, determine if the Olapp was in the Surveillance Area and then escaped
  the vicinity."  
 Master said, with renewed seriousness, "Sounds good to me. Besides, the
  doctor needs to leave this room and find a corkscrew."  
 Lord Mardee gave Dr. Grokmor a quizzical look and then turned to Master,
  asking, "And why is that?"  
 Dr. Grokmor led the team out the door when Master answered, with delight, "It's
  obvious to anyone that the doctor needs to find one as soon as possible to
  uncork that uptight ass of his."  
 Lord Mardee laughed and gave Grokmor a good natured slap on the back. The
  doctor shook his head, wishing the two had bombs explode in their pants.  
 On their way to the Surveillance Area, Grokmor explained that he had taken
  a sample of the Olapp's DNA from the shell fragments of the egg from which
  it was hatched. With his recently invented DNA Detection Sensor, Grokmor pointed
  out, they would be able to find the Olapp within a distance of 2.5 miles once
  they were above ground.  
 Dr. Azra Quint was examining the small red bumps on Raij's and Volluk's
  necks before Master and the rest of his team walked into the Surveillance Area.
  She ran tests, taking both blood and skin samples of their swellings and came
  to the conclusion that someone had introduced a strong, fast acting sedative
  into the guards' bloodstreams. According to what Billy found on the back tape
  recording, she surmised that the Olapp was the most likely candidate to have
  done this.  
 Quint had an innocent appearing face. With her bright, alluring blue eyes
  and long, silky red hair and easy smile, Quint had no problems captivating
  men and women.  
But it wasn't just her stunning beauty that cast a spell over the denizens
  of Sanctuary. Azra was well known for her vast intelligence on a wide variety
  of complex subjects. She was also known for something else, too. For all twenty
  five years of her life, she remained a virgin. Among the majority of HydraSians,
  this type of chastity was rare for her age. Though Dr. Quint consumed seminal
  and vaginal juices in order to survive, like all HydraSians, she had refused
  sexual advances from everyone in Sanctuary. She had also refused to confide
  to anyone why she wished to remain celibate.  
 Master, Billy, Dr. Grokmor and Lord Mardee walked into the Surveillance
  Area. Dr. Quint told the group about the information she had gathered so far.
  Grokmor took his DNA Sensor instrument, turned it on and immediately found
  evidence that the Olapp had been in the room. The creature had left a scarce
  track leading to the main entrance doors above. Without hesitation, Master
  ordered two groups of HydraSians to load weaponry into two specially created
  recreational vehicles. These RVs appeared to be normal, humanly made vehicles
  on the outside, but inside of each, advanced technology was obvious.  
 Two teams of HydraSians were chosen for the mission to locate the Olapp.
  In RV5, Master, Billy, Val, Gina and Dr. Quint would ride. In RV7, there would
  be Lord Mardee, David, Dr. Grokmor, Raij and Evayuh. Within an hour, the teams
  were ready and on the road.  
 To keep from being seen during their search, both teams activated the Concealment
  Shroud mechanism on their RVs' control panels. The Concealment Shroud made
  each RV completely invisible in order to escape notice or suspicion. This was
  a particularly valuable asset since there was law enforcement teams scattered
  about in the large desert area, searching for Sheriff Steiner's missing search
  party.  
 After only twenty minutes into the search, Dr. Grokmor's DNA Detection Sensor
  alerted the crew that they were in range of the creature's DNA. The RVs pulled
  off the road and headed east for close to a mile where they found the skeletal
  remains of Steiner's missing search party, as well as traces of the Olapp's
  DNA. David recognized the unique sapphire ring on his father's flesh-free finger.
  When he began to weep, Master gently placed his arm around David's neck and
  offered words of comfort.  
 After suggesting they were on the right track, Dr. Grokmor said, "The Olapp
  will most likely head to the nearest town."  
 Lord Mardee retrieved a mapping device from his pocket. After punching a
  few buttons, Mardee indicated, "That would be Melroy, Arizona."  
 Grokmor responded, "We should proceed slowly in order not to miss the Olapp.
  We have no idea if the creature has reached Melroy yet."  
 Master looked at Lord Mardee's mapping device and said, "According to this,
  Melroy is nearly eighty miles from here."  
 David, a couple yards away, glanced over at Master and shouted, "When we
  find that fucking thing, I'm going to tear it apart!"  
Soon, both teams were back on the road again. In RV5, Billy took the wheel
  while Gina rode on the passenger side. This left Val, Dr. Quint and Master
  in the back compartment. Val was admiring Dr. Quint's shapely physique when
  Dr. Quint broke the awkward silence and asked, "Val, could you leave us for
  a moment?"  
Val gave the doctor an odd look. She thought she had made Azra uncomfortable
  with her staring.  
"I need to discuss an important matter with Master."  
Val shrugged her shoulders and said, "Yeah, sure."  
After Val went into the next smaller compartment, Dr. Quint took a seat on
  the couch next to Master. Slightly surprised by Azra's action, Master asked,
  nervously, "What do you want to talk about?"  
Dr. Quint blushed and struggled to say, "I love you."  
Taken aback, Master leaned away from Dr. Quint. He was about to respond when
  Azra placed her finger on his lips to keep the leader of Sanctuary from talking.  
"I've been saving myself for you, waiting for the right moment, waiting to
  muster the courage to express my love for you. I want you to take me here.
  Now."  
Val, listening through the door, was shocked at this revelation.  
Slowly, Dr. Azra Quint began taking off articles of clothing from her body
  after getting up from the couch. Master's cock grew harder with each piece
  she removed. Master had to lick his lips when the stunning redhead revealed
  her perfect, pillowy breasts. The firm, large mounds were pale and flawless.
  Pinkish freckles generously covered her chest. Her areolas, surrounding her
  tantalizing erect nipples, were puffy and pink. The doctor's arousal was evident
  as she watched Master watch her. Her hairless vagina was lubricating, releasing
  a sweet musky smell that forced Master's penis to ache with longing. Azra exposed
  her soft thighs, placing one of her pretty feet on the cushion beside him.
  Finally, Azra slowly pulled her panties down from her full, voluptuous hips.
  The doctor ran a hand through her long hair, putting her foot back on the floor.
  Master sighed and stared at the naked female before him. She was the most gorgeous
  woman he thought he had ever seen. So much blood was flooding from his brain
  to his cock, Master was feeling faint.  
Azra bent down and kissed Master tenderly on his lips. She shivered, doing
  this, still a bit shy. Her innocent expression caused Master's prick to throb,
  causing pre-cum to leak from his pee hole. Master struggled to stand up. Once
  he was upright, he returned Azra's kiss, gently caressing her plump breast.
  Azra allowed Master's tongue to slip into her warm, inviting mouth. He reveled
  in the sensation, in her taste and the softness of her full lips.  
 Still kissing her mouth and licking her tongue, Master's hand carefully
  traveled down the beautiful woman's body, lingering on her tummy, hips and
  soft thighs. Once he reached her delicate labia, he gingerly pushed the tip
  of his finger into her pussy. Azra moaned, squirting juice on his finger. Master
  felt her wetness and heard the sound coming deep from within Azra. He found
  it increasingly difficult to remain stable and not prematurely ejaculate.  
Master pressed a button on the wall near the couch. The couch automatically
  unfolded into a bed. Master took Azra by the waist and guided the trembling
  virgin onto the bed. He began to touch and kiss her neck, meticulously, while
  gently massaging her soft pale breasts. Master took off his black cloak, shirt,
  pants and the rest of his clothing before going further. Azra smiled, sweetly.
  She was mesmerized, for a moment, by the unusually large crown of his prick.
  The doctor wondered what it would be like to suckle upon it. She had seen many
  people in Sanctuary giving head but had never participated. Master's penis
  was beautiful, she thought, dreamily.  
Soon, Master gently placed his body on top of Azra's. Azra relished the warmth
  and intimate weight of his form, kissing him again on the mouth and then his
  neck. Master took his time with the virgin doctor, rubbing her fleshy mounds,
  licking her nipples and sucking them. Azra parted her legs; letting Master
  take her anyway he wanted. Sanctuary's leader caressed the underside of the
  doctor's smooth, soft thighs. The tip of his cock head slowly pressed between
  her well lubricated vaginal lips. As his hot bulbous crown pushed further into
  her sensitive pussy, Azra let out a strong moan, feeling pleasure tinged with
  a bit of pain. Azra raised her hips, moaning, inviting Master to plunge deeper
  into her ready snatch. Master pushed the whole length of his cock in, breaking
  her thin hymen, causing her to bleed. Blood trickled out of her cunt and along
  her thigh. Master felt slightly dizzy with the intense sensation of Azra's
  tight vagina. He moved in and out of the doctor's cunt, pushing an inch more
  of his throbbing cock into her with every thrust. Both Master and Azra were
  moaning loudly, in unison. Their cries of ecstasy could be heard clearly from
  one end of the RV to the other.  
Val opened her cabin door a few inches and watched Master delve deep into
  the comely redhead's cunt. Their long guttural moans made the young woman reach
  down into her panties and vigorously finger her clit. Val licked her lips,
  badly wanting to join in their fun but she forbid herself, knowing Dr. Quint
  wanted Master all for her own.  
Azra propped her long, unblemished legs over Master's shoulders as Master
  continued pumping his fat prick in and out of Azra's juicy pussy. Azra's eyes
  rolled to the back of her head as Master suddenly shifted his position. Master
  began making circular movements with his pulsating dick, using his cock like
  a spoon stirring her sweet pussy honey pot.  
"UUUUUUHHHHHH MASTER! AAAAAOOOHHH!" Azra screamed.  
Her pussy juice gushed out, soaking the sheets beneath them. Master stirred
  the juice-filled flesh pot some more, moaning so loud that everyone in the
  RV became aroused. Billy and Gina reached into their pants and began rubbing
  their genitals. Billy was having a hard time keeping the RV on the road with
  all the sexual sounds emanating from the back compartment.  
"AAAAAAHHHHH! OOOHHH GOD!" groaned Master.  
Master thrust his steely prick up into Quint's vagina, battering her G spot,
  pulling out and then hitting her G spot again over and over. Azra shouted.
  Master pushed deeper and deeper; his beet red cock thrusting in and out, reaching
  and pounding the opening of her cervix. Azra appeared to be having convulsions.
  Her body was spasmodic, twitching and writhing with multiple orgasms. Sweat
  dripped off Master's forehead as he continued ramming his muscle deeply into
  Azra's gushing cunt. Azra was splattering juice out of the sides of Master's
  cock by the cupfuls. Her swelled nipples scraped against Master's heaving chest.  
Abruptly, Master groaned, "UUUUUUMMMMM! OOOOHHH AZRA!"  
Semen geysers shot out of his prick and into Azra Quint's hot, juicy pussy
  as Azra arched her back and let out a long cry of orgasm. He filled her cunt
  so full of cum; it was cascading down the sides of her thighs, forming pools
  on the bed. Val's knees buckled, as she came hard, yielding to a mind shattering
  orgasm.  
When Master and Azra were finished lovemaking, they lay beside each other,
  holding one another. A minute passed before they kissed and eventually, went
  to sleep.  
Meanwhile, in RV7&hellip;.  
Evayuh was a petite, muscular female HydraSian. She had been a close friend
  to her human acquaintance, Janice Warner. After seeing how the Olapp had butchered,
  Janice, she convinced Master to allow her to join the search party. Evayuh
  sought vengeance against the insidious monster. It was all she could think
  about as she drove, gazing forward into the Sonoran desert landscape. Sitting
  in the passenger seat beside her was another human, David, who recently found
  out that his father was also a victim of the Olapp. He, too, wanted the evil
  creature dead. During the trip to Melroy, Evayuh and David discussed what they
  would do to it once they found it.  
Lord Mardee, Dr. Grokmor and Raij sat in the compartment behind the front
  of the RV. None of them had spoken much since finding the skeletons. Grokmor
  crossed his legs, fidgeting from time to time. Lord Mardee stared at him and
  broke the silence.  
"You look hungry, old man," said Mardee.  
Grokmor hated to admit it but he badly needed what HydraSians called "essence".
  Grokmor stated, "I am. I feel weak."  
Raij was an attractive brunette with frizzy black hair that went down her
  back. Her C cup sized breasts stood out prominently from her transparent shirt.
  She had a reputation for being extremely wild, even by HydraSian standards.
  Raij delighted in being aggressive and demanding of her sexual partners. Her
  considerable strength often aided her in getting what she wanted. Master had
  picked her to join the party because of her martial arts and weapon handling
  abilities. The very last thing, man or beast, wanted to do was pick a fight
  with Raij. As much as she had the reputation as being tough, though, she could
  also display acts of uncharacteristic tenderness.  
After Dr. Grokmor's last words, Raij promptly stood up and took her stance
  directly in front of the eighty-nine year old scientist.  
"Eat my cunt!" Raij demanded.  
"I&hellip;. I'm not&hellip;. Sure&hellip;." Grokmor stuttered.  
And then Raij had enough. She quickly ripped down her shorts, exposing her
  delicious, hairless cunt. With one motion, she grabbed the doctor by the shirt
  collar and laid him flat on his back on the floor. Lord Mardee gasped and then
  chuckled, glad it wasn't him. Raij heard him chortle and warned, "Your fucking
  ass is next, bastard!"  
Lord Mardee cringed, not saying another word.  
Raij promptly straddled Grokmor's face, pressing her slick cunt lips against
  his mouth. Dr. Grokmor obediently began sucking her engorged clit, licking
  it and giving it little nibbles. Raij yelled and squirmed. Grokmor stuck his
  tongue into her cunt and lapped up her outpouring of sweet, delectable pussy
  juice. The strong female squirted, shaking with orgasm. Moaning mightily, Raij
  rocked back and forth, giving him ounces of her precious essence.  
"Eat it! Drink me up you old fucker!" cried Raij.  
Raij continued riding Grokmor's mouth, filling his belly with nutritious
  and health fortifying womanly cum. As she bucked up and down on his face, Raij
  raised her hands high into the air and let out a whoop. Grabbing the doctor
  by the ears, Raij grinded her pussy lips over his mouth and growled. Grokmor's
  teeth seized upon her cunt, sucking in her gushing juices. Raij laughed and
  moaned, simultaneously. The spectacle would frighten and amaze any human observing
  it.  
When she was done with the doctor, she stood up. Lord Mardee's eyes widened
  as Raij reached over the long haired HydraSian's shoulder to open a cabinet
  door behind him. Gulping, Mardee's gaze was fixed onto the instrument Raij
  had withdrawn.  
"Like?" asked Raij, with an attitude of cheer and cruelty.  
Noting that Raij was focusing her attention on her new victim, Dr. Grokmor
  got up and made a hasty retreat to the bathroom.  
Lord Mardee stared at the combination whip/dildo, feeling doomed. The 12
  inch dildo part of the toy served as the cat o' nine tails' handle. The top
  three inches of the dildo were bent and was capped by a baseball sized rubber
  head. Raij pushed a button on the wall next to her. A sturdy metal table slid
  out from the wall behind Lord Mardee, forcing him to bend his knees and sit
  on it. Raij then proceeded to unzip Lord Mardee's pants. Mardee's ample cock
  sprung forth, hard and throbbing. Raij set down her toy for the moment and
  quickly gobbled up his pulsating member, sucking it in all the way to the base.
  Sanctuary's goateed second-in-command tried catching his breath, not expecting
  the wild woman to take every inch of his prick at once.  
Raij's mouth was like a turbo charged vacuum cleaner. Mardee felt sure his
  dick was going to be pulled off and sent down her throat. Raij furiously sucked
  Mardee's meat log, bobbing her head, growling all the while. Mardee's eyes
  rolled to the back of his head. Raij continued to gorge on his cock for what
  seemed a lifetime for the hedonistic Lord Mardee. When he felt her teeth sink
  slightly into his cock head, Mardee shuddered, becoming scared and aroused.
  Raij then licked his pee hole, the tip of her tongue pushing into it every
  so often, never relinquishing the crown of his dick. Minutes passed by. When
  Raij tasted his pre-cum, she finally released her hold on his cock.  
Without warning, Raij knocked Lord Mardee off the table. The action caused
  Mardee to lose his footing and land on the couch. Startled, Mardee started
  to ask what was going on. Raij snatched her toy and roughly placed it in Mardee's
  grip.  
"My turn," Raij demanded, hopping up on the table.  
Raij spread her legs, giving Mardee a nice view of her shaved pussy.  
"Now whip me, you fucker!"  
Mardee laughed and said, "Oh, I'm gonna do much more than that, little bitch."  
Lord Mardee raised the cat-o-nine tails high and came down, swiftly, striking
  her puffed labia. Raij howled in pain. Shaking her fist at Mardee, she shouted, "Give
  me another, you fucking piece of shit!"  
Lord Mardee commenced flogging Raij's cunt, laughing all the while. Raij
  spread her legs further apart, savoring the agony, thrusting her hips upward
  and out. Little blisters and bruises formed on Raij's cunt lips as Lord Mardee
  thrashed away at the sadomasochistic HydraSian. Juice dribbled from her abused
  slit while Raij sobbed and moaned. Using her hands and feet, Raij joyfully
  bounced and moved her hips, inviting the bite of the whip to hit her entire
  pubic area.  
Then Mardee turned the toy around and shoved the head of the bent dildo up
  into Raij's suffering cunt. Pulling it out and pushing it in, Mardee smiled.
  He noticed several cuts on her swelled labia and took the time to poke a finger
  into one of them to make it bleed. Forcing the big dong deeper into her vagina,
  Mardee wiped blood on his finger and then tasted it. When Raij felt the object
  sink further in her snatch, she began to slowly buck up and down. Mardee licked
  his lips, taking his time, enjoying her suffering at his leisure. A few moments
  passed when suddenly, Raij's body recoiled. Mardee had plunged the dong all
  the way up into the woman's vagina. Raij screamed and lost her breath. Mardee
  grabbed her waist, twisting the thick dong completely around in her cunt. Raij
  grit her teeth, spit foaming from her mouth. Mardee chuckled at this and twisted
  it some more.  
The long haired HydraSian male quickly snatched Raij up off the table and
  laid her body on the carpeted floor. There, he pulled his pants completely
  off and drove his thick cock meat harshly into her bruised, bleeding womb.
  From then on, Mardee continued pumping her well into the next hour. Raij's
  orgasms made her faint midway through the ordeal.  
 Still, Lord Mardee forced his prick, mercilessly, in and out of her cunt.  
 Then Mardee had an idea. It was quite wonderful, he thought. Lord Mardee
  withdrew from her cunt and moved his knees until he was straddling her face.
  Pushing his dick down her throat, Mardee groaned. For the next several minutes,
  Mardee began skull fucking her. Finally, Lord Mardee's body went through a
  series of spasms until great jets of sperm creamed and filled Raij's gaping
  mouth. Mardee collapsed on top of his wild woman, exhausted and spent. Luckily
  for Raij, she regained enough consciousness to flip Lord Mardee off of her
  face.  
After swallowing man cream, Raij looked over at Mardee and scolded him, saying, "You
  could have suffocated me, bastard."  
Sprawled out on the floor beside her, Mardee opened one eye and began laughing.  
Just Outside the Town of Melroy   
The Garver family lived in an old house, barely outside the small town of
  Melroy, Arizona. Harris Garver and his wife, Tonya, had two children living
  with them; Lisa, an eighteen year old high school senior and Jake, her 25 year
  old college dropout stepbrother. While Jake was contemplating what he was going
  to try next in life, he helped his father, Harris, on the ranch. His stepmother,
  Tonya, disliked Jake for his anti-authoritarian personality but felt she had
  always tried her best to get along with him. More than several times a week,
  Harris was forced to play "referee" between his son and new wife during their
  squabbles. Lisa attempted to escape the drama of home life by driving around
  in Melroy, drinking with friends almost every night.  
When the Olapp came onto the Garver property in the middle of the night,
  the horses and other livestock immediately began to make sounds of agitation.
  The Olapp quickly entered the stables and killed the animals before any member
  of the family was awakened.  
After it devoured the animals' flesh, it quietly entered the house. The Olapp
  now stood twelve feet tall and was five feet wide. Still, it squeezed its large
  frame through the door after it wrenched the door knob off. The creature sniffed
  the air, searching for new flesh to manipulate and ultimately destroy.  
The Olapp went into Harris and Tonya's bedroom. The creature allowed itself
  to become wholly visible in order to instill the couple with extreme horror.
  Harris awoke first, saw the Olapp and was so terrified, he was unable to speak.
  The Olapp suddenly wrapped a perforated green tentacle around his neck and
  pulled him out of bed. Harris made the attempt to scream but couldn't. Tonya
  woke up, as well, before the Olapp quickly lashed out and grabbed her by the
  throat. Then the Olapp spoke to them, telepathically.  
I've been studying you humans, through your computers, your actions
      and your thoughts.   
   
Harris looked the Olapp in the eyes, with fear and confusion.  
Yes, I can read your thoughts. My conclusion is&hellip; You're
      all very weak in body and mind. I find no reason why any of you should
      exist, except perhaps, as my entertainment.   
   
Harris' face was turning red as his eyes dilated. Tonya beat her fists on
  the tentacle holding her.  
You are thinking I'm, in your human terms, evil. What do you call
      it when you treat your lower life forms in cruel fashion? Or your own kind?
      You delight in warfare, killing, torturing and so on. Why can't I enjoy
      such recreation and amusement?   
   
Harris thought, Leave us alone. I'll do anything you want if you
      leave us alone.   
   
The creature seemed to smile.  
You'll do anything I want because I'm stronger than you and your
      kind, mentally and physically. When I am finished driving you insane and
      violating your family, I shall enjoy consuming your flesh at my leisure.
      Feel free to pray and beg for release while I do so. It will make the experience
      that much more treasurable.   
   
The Olapp sprung Tonya from her bed, released her neck and grasped her waist.  
The Olapp turned to Harris and communicated, Now watch carefully.
      You will find this interesting.   
   
With one swift motion, the Olapp unwrapped it's tentacle from Harris' throat
  and wrapped it tightly around his legs to the point of crushing his thigh bones.
  The Olapp then placed a suction cup on his neck. From one of the holes of the
  suction cup, a thorn came out and pierced his neck. The chemical the Olapp
  injected kept Harris from passing out from the agony of his mangled legs. Afterwards,
  the creature jerked Tonya's nightgown off from her body.  
Tonya shouted, "No!"  
The Olapp's gruesomely long tongue began licking her face. Then it lashed
  out and licked her breasts, followed down her flat belly until finally reaching
  her crotch. The tongue pushed into her trembling vulva, tasting her juices.
  With another tentacle, the Olapp attached itself to the frontal lobe of her
  head and began manipulating her mind. Tonya obeyed and spread her legs far
  apart. The insidious creature's huge sex organ slowly rose out from between
  its many legs. The Olapp's sex organ was covered with bumps and grooved ridges.
  Little spines popped up from the perforations covering the bloated cock. The
  head of it resembled a rotten head of cabbage. Worm-like things were oozing
  from its hole at the tip of it. They dripped onto the floor, writhing and reeking
  of a gut wrenching stench. Tonya's shrieks woke Jake and Lisa from their slumber.  
When the two Garver kids came rushing into their parents' bedroom, the Olapp
  hurriedly grabbed them by the waists. Jake had brought in a baseball bat. He
  was smashing it, repeatedly, over the tentacle that had seized him. The Olapp
  ignored him. Lisa screamed. The Olapp glanced at her, communicating to her, You'll
  have to wait your turn.   
   
Lisa, Harris and Jake watched as the Olapp forced its ugly sex organ into
  Tonya's cunt. Tonya gritted her teeth and cried. Under the influence of the
  monster's mental manipulation, Tonya raised her legs and spread them further
  apart. The Olapp rammed his cock deeper into her, tearing the walls of her
  vagina. The "worms" spilled out from the sides of her cunt lips and the Olapp's
  sex organ. Harris crawled over to the Olapp and hit one of the Olapp's legs.
  Not responding, the Olapp continued to drive its horrendous cock deeper into
  Tonya's cunt, pumping in and out, until blood and worms created a spreading
  pool on the floor. Everyone cried and cursed while the Olapp filled the human
  female with its strange "worms" and sex organ. Tonya was drooling, out of her
  mind, when the creature bore through her uterus, obliterating it completely.
  The Olapp continued bursting through her bladder, stomach and the rest of her
  organs. Suddenly, its mighty cock erupted out the top of her skull. Parts of
  her brain splattered out, covering the walls and the faces of her family. Dead
  minutes ago, Tonya was bobbed about the room, hoisted by the Olapp's cock.
  Wearing their mother on its repulsive organ, the creature turned to Lisa and
  Jake.  
Your mother is a beautiful dancer. Is she not?   
   
After entertaining itself with the macabre dancer, the Olapp pulled the corpse
  off its sex organ and flung it through the bedroom window. More screaming followed.
  Harris begged the beast to leave them.  
The Olapp communicated, But the party has only begun, Harris Garver.   
   
Without hesitation, the creature latched onto Jake's head, projecting its
  thoughts into his mind. The Olapp released the boy's waist but retained its
  grasp on his head for a few moments. Jake was then dropped to the floor. His
  eyes were dilated, watering. Lisa was let go, as well. Jake gave his stepsister
  an intense look. Lisa thought he appeared to be in a trance. Jake got up and
  walked toward his sister and placed his hand on her shoulder. He seemed sad
  beyond words, Lisa thought.  
Then Jake spoke. His words were monotone, slow and bereft of emotion.  
"It's time I told you how I feel, Lisa. Since you turned fifteen I have watched
  you grow to a beautiful young woman. There was one evening, I accidentally
  I came into the bathroom. You were taking a shower. I started to leave but&hellip;.
  I decided to stay. I watched the soap drip from your tender, succulent breasts.
  I became&hellip;. Hard."  
Lisa stepped back from her brother. He grabbed hold of her arm.  
"Yes, I saw your pretty, virgin pussy, so perfectly lathered. I can still
  envision the moist, soft texture of it after you washed away the suds. I watched
  until you began to dry off after getting out of the shower. And then I went
  into my bedroom&hellip;. Locked the door&hellip;. And began masturbating."  
Lisa jerked her arm away. She didn't care for how this story was going.  
Jake continued, "Ever since then, I've been watching you. I've watched you
  undress before. The delicate hairs surrounding your wonderful, sweet pussy
  are light brown and curly. I beat off, thinking of you, often."  
Lisa turned to run but the Olapp caught her around the waist. Jake smiled.
  Lisa screamed, "Don't do this, Jake! Please, don't do this!"  
Jake went to Lisa and said, "I want you."  
Jake pulled his stepsister's nightgown apart, revealing her D cup sized breasts.
  They bobbed up and down as Lisa tried, unsuccessfully, to escape. Harris crawled
  over to his son and clutched his ankle. Jake slammed his foot in his face and
  continued to undress Lisa until she was nude.  
The Olapp placed a suction cup on Lisa's head. The messages received from
  the Olapp told her to spread her legs far apart. Jake went on his knees, pushing
  his head close to her vagina, smelling it. Jake then pried her cunt lips apart
  and began to lick her clitoris. He sucked on the tender clit for minutes, nibbling
  it gently time to time. Jake savored his sister's juiciness. He realized Lisa
  was coming. At first, she was coming in dribbles. The dribbles turned into
  spurts. The spurts became uncontrollable gushes. Lisa moaned loudly as Jake's
  tongue buried deep into her snatch, licking her crevices, slurping her young
  womanly juices.  
When he finished, Jake stood up, took off his pants and presented his rock
  hard prick to his stepsister. Lisa's mouth watered, hungry for his strong,
  lengthy cock. Jake grabbed onto her smooth thighs and pressed his penis into
  her hole. A squishing noise came from her entry. Lisa gasped. It felt so nice,
  she thought. Little did Jake know, Lisa had had erotic thoughts and dreams
  about her stepbrother, in the past and in the present. Once or twice, she had
  gone past his bedroom door, lingering a few seconds to see him pull down his
  underwear. She remembered, many nights before falling asleep, how handsome
  his cock was. But she would never act on any of those impulses.  
"Oooooohh God," Lisa groaned as Jake fucked her.  
Jake continued pounding her tight cunt for a half hour or so. Jake shuddered
  when he finally came, leaning close to his stepsister's ear, moaning. Then
  the Olapp tilted the girl upward, slightly, pushing his giant dick up inside
  her anus. Excited by this new play by the Olapp, Jake erratically pumped his
  stepsister's cunt as hard as he could. The Olapp laughed as the two filled
  her with their cocks. Fresh blood poured out of Lisa's ass as it was torn apart
  by the Olapp's sex organ. The Olapp didn't stop fucking the girl even after
  it busted through her colon. Soon, Lisa stopped breathing. The Olapp knocked
  Jake off his stepsister and threw the dead girl into the wall, causing a couple
  family portraits to come crashing to the floor.  
Jake, still erect, sat on the floor, gazing into his dead stepsister's eyes.
  The Olapp abruptly reached down between Jake's legs and ripped his penis away
  from the rest of his body. Jake screeched, disbelieving what the Olapp had
  done to him. A red fountain spurted and gushed from the gaping hole between
  his thighs. Jake tried to stop the blood with his hands but it wasn't working.
  As Jake screamed, the Olapp bent down and bit the top of Jake's head off.  
Harris laid on the floor in shock. The Olapp opened its jaws and crunched
  down on Garver's feet. The bones of his feet snapped and popped in the Olapp's
  mouth. Harris cried and screamed as the Olapp slowly ate him, from his feet
  to his head. When it was done eating Harris, the Olapp finished eating the
  rest of the family.  
In Melroy   
   
After feeding on the Garver family, the creature made its way into Melroy.
  The Olapp was about to enter another quiet ranch house when the HydraSian RVs
  pulled up behind the evil creature. Master, Dr. Quint and Billy had no sooner
  stepped out of RV5 when the Olapp turned around and charged straight for them.
  Master leveled his energy blaster at the Olapp and fired. 
PARADISE   
Chapter 5   
   HydraSians, in general, are substantially stronger
  in both mind and body than Homo sapiens. The average HydraSian, for instance,
  can easily bench press 350 pounds of weight. During an advanced hike in adrenaline
  surge, a HydraSian would be able to easily lift between 550 to 600 pounds.
  In mental capabilities, a HydraSian far exceeds human beings, as well. Though
  they are quite adept in mental telepathy, most HydraSians choose not to use
  this form of communication in groups, considering it a form of rudeness toward
  those they are not directly communicating with. Half of this alien race also
  excels in telekinesis, the ability to move objects with the mind. Some of the
most spiritually gifted of HydraSians are able to see visions of the future.  
 Just three seconds before Master fired the energy blaster toward the Olapp,
  his mind flashed back to just such a vision of the future. In this vision,
  he recalled, the Olapp was wrapping its tentacles around two people. The creature
  was strangling two people he cared about. The vision was somewhat murky, though,
  and he could not tell who the two victims were. The leader of Sanctuary sensed
  that he had a strong bond with them, whoever they were.  
 Master blinked the image away and fired upon the Olapp. It was charging
  for them. The blast would have hit the creature directly in the chest, had
  the creature not abruptly moved to the right. As a result, the blast made contact
  with one of the Olapp's eight tentacles, completely incinerating it down to
  a gnarled stump. The Olapp screamed and ran toward the back of the house. Master,
  Billy and Dr. Quint fired upon the Olapp, hitting it twice, burning off parts
  of its backside. For its massive frame, the Olapp proved to be very agile.  
 Motioning to Quint and Billy to not follow the Olapp, Master ordered, "Stay
  put for now. The Olapp may have camouflaged itself. If we go back there, the
  damn thing might do a surprise attack number on us. I'm not risking anyone
  here, even though we need to destroy it."  
 By this time both HydraSian/Human teams had come out of the RVs, armed and
  ready to kill the creature.  
 Lord Mardee walked up beside Master and asked, "How long are we going to
  wait?"  
 "Frankly, I don't know. I'm trying to think."  
 "Hmmm. Don't hurt yourself," joked Mardee.  
 Master heard the nervousness in Mardee's sarcastic remark and smiled back
  at the long haired HydraSian. While pondering what action to take next, a man
  in pajamas came out on the front porch, holding a water bong. Smoke drifted
  out of the mouthpiece part of the pipe. The human's name was Samuel Thayer.
  He and his girlfriend, Wendy, owned the one story house.  
 Samuel looked at all the people in his front yard and began to laugh. Samuel
  took a long toke from the bong, seeming to not care about the strangers with
  the weird contraptions in their hands. After exhaling, Samuel stared at them,
  with glazed, bloodshot eyes and asked, "So, uh, what's up, homies?"  
 Before Master could advise the human to retreat from his house and move
  behind them for protection, Dr. Grokmor said, "According to the detection sensor,
  the creature is moving, slowly."  
 Samuel fired up the bowl of his bong again, sucked in hard and coughed for
  half a minute. Samuel gazed up for a moment and asked, "You guys want some?
  Plenty for everyone." Samuel laughed, and then directed his gaze toward Dr.
  Quint.  
 Master instructed, "Come over here. It's safer."  
 Samuel let his eyes feast on Dr. Quint's body and said, sluggishly, "You're
  cute. Come on inside. We'll have us a party. My girlfriend and I partake in
  threesomes."  
 As suddenly as it appeared, the Olapp had one of its large tentacles wrapped
  around Samuel Thayer's throat. Thayer dropped his prized water pipe, causing
  it to crash on the floor of the porch. While his face turned a purplish red,
  Thayer thought, Oh no, my bong is all busted up.  
 The creature positioned Thayer directly in front of itself, like a small
  shield. No one fired on the Olapp for fear of hitting the intoxicated human.
  When Wendy, Thayer's girlfriend, walked out the screen door of the porch, the
  Olapp grabbed her waist and pulled her toward the front, as well. Wendy screamed
  and thrashed about, trying to free herself. Next, the Olapp released its hold
  on Samuel's throat and wrapped a green tentacle around his legs. With a quick
  jerk from the monster, Samuel found himself hanging in the air, upside down.
  Samuel looked at the remnants of his shattered pipe and began to cry.  
 The Olapp sent a telepathic message to the HydraSians.  
Why are you concerned about the welfare of these lower life forms?
      They have no value, with the exception of being my food and mild entertainment.   
   
 Master answered, "All life has value."  
 Even mine? If so, why do you come to kill me?   
   
   "Because you have killed innocent beings. Don't play
  games with me, Olapp. Only when someone takes the life of an innocent, do they
  deserve to die. We're here to make certain you're eliminated because you have
  been judged worthy of execution. Save us a little time here by accepting the
  penalty and exhibit a scrap of dignity while doing so."  
 And what makes you worthy of being my judge?   
   
 At that moment, David stepped forward, energy blaster pointing toward the
  Olapp. Lord Mardee put his arm in front of the rash human to hold him back.
  David tried to pull the stronger being's arm down to get at the Olapp but couldn't
  budge it. Furious, David shouted, "You killed my father, you motherfucker!
  Now I'm going to kill you!"  
 The Olapp laughed, and then transmitted the following message into David's
  mind:  
 I enjoyed hearing your daddy beg while I ate him alive.   
   
 Concentrating, Master used his telekinetic ability to raise a hefty metal
  garbage can in mid air and caused it to slam in the Olapp's backside. Stunned,
  the Olapp instantly dropped the human captives. Samuel and Wendy Thayer collided
  on the porch floor. The HydraSian and Human team fired on the creature, burning
  holes into its body. The Olapp emitted a horrendous scream, became invisible
  and ran back behind the house before it could be completely incinerated.  
 Before Master could stop David, David ran back behind the house, intent
  on killing the unconscionable thing. Everyone followed the vulnerable human,
  determined to finish off the vicious monster.  
 When they caught up with David, it became eerily quiet. Lord Mardee whispered, "We
  can't see it. The damn thing is hurt. And it's angry as hell. That means we're
  fucked."  
 Val and Gina nudged Dr. Grokmor and pointed, silently, toward the green
  blood on the desert ground. Grokmor nodded and looked at his surroundings.
  He saw an old tool shed nearby and wondered if the thing was hiding in it.
  With a sense of urgency, he turned around and sought Master's attention.  
 Suddenly, the Olapp materialized and grabbed Lord Mardee and Dr. Azra Quint
  with its tentacles. The image that had slipped into Master's mind not long
  ago was now a picture of reality. The Olapp had the two people he cared about
  most. Shocked by this reality, Master froze.  
Without hesitation, Raij ran up behind the monster and plunged her entire
  arm through a gaping hole in its body. Even as the Olapp wrapped a long green
  tentacle around Raij's throat, the HydraSian female drove her hand up inside
  the alien's torso and clutched onto its intestines. With one quick, fluid motion,
  Raij jerked a ghastly, thick loop of intestine out of the Olapp's body. The
  Olapp shrieked, tightening its grip on Raij's throat. David, Master and Billy
  aimed their weapons at the Olapp's head and fired, simultaneously, causing
  the Olapp's head to explode. Fragments of brain matter and skull spattered
  everywhere, covering everyone in Master's team.  
Dr. Grokmor plucked a piece of green brain tissue off of his face and said,
  dryly, "That went well."  
Master walked over to Azra. Tears ran down her cheeks. The leader of Sanctuary
  hugged Azra tightly, kissing her and telling her everything was okay. Shaking,
  Azra gazed into his eyes and nodded, glad the ordeal had come to a fortunate
  ending. Lord Mardee tapped Master on the shoulder and asked, "Don't I get a
  hug?"  
"Nah," replied Master, cheerfully. Then he let go of Azra for a moment and
  shook Mardee's hand, saying, "But I will shake your hand, you despicable bastard."  
Both men laughed.  
After Grokmor examined everyone to ensure their good health, Master's team
  gathered back into the RVs just as the police arrived on the scene. The engines
  of the RVs were started. Quickly, Master's people headed back to Sanctuary.
  As several cop cars attempted to follow the RVs, the Concealment Shroud mechanism
  was activated, causing the vehicles to become invisible. The officers witnessing
  this, abruptly stopped their cars, in awe of what had just transpired. Without
  questioning one another and fearing they had lost their minds, they turned
  back and began investigating the Thayer residence. By then, Samuel had something
  new to light up and smoke.  
Celebration Day (The Day After)   
   
Master and the rest of his search and destroy crew stood on the stage, receiving
  a standing ovation from the denizens of Sanctuary. The council had commended
  the group on their completed mission, beforehand. Spirits were so high throughout
  Sanctuary, the council decided to give Zahkra, Fayne and Ulla a temporary reprieve
  from their punishment so they could join in the celebration.  
Ulla beamed and gave David a characteristic wink. Secretly, she had worried
  about him while he was on the Olapp mission. David grinned back and waved at
  her. He was hoping to get a chance to fuck her hard in the ass before she was
  escorted back to her cell. The day before, on the way back to Sanctuary, David
  had asked Master if he could stay permanently in the place he felt was a paradise.
  The leader of Sanctuary granted his request, knowing that council would agree
  to it, due to David's brave participation in the mission.  
Raising his hands to quiet the audience, Master spoke.  
"Because of the courage and will of the people standing on this stage beside
  me, the Olapp has been annihilated."  
More applause broke out.  
Master continued, "At one point during our battle with the Olapp, I truly
  realized how fragile all our lives are, what each of us mean to one another
  and how we should never take one another for granted."  
Master gazed toward Azra Quint and offered a smile. Azra returned his smile
  and walked over to him, kissing him, gently.  
Lord Mardee stepped forward, lifted his arms skyward and announced, "Let
  the fucking begin!"  
Immediately, Anjee stepped onto the stage and grabbed Lord Mardee by the
  arm. Before Mardee was able to comment, Raij had grabbed his other arm. Anjee
  used her free hand to brush her short red hair from her forehead and said, "There,
  there now. It will be alright." Her words were followed by a devious smile.  
Mardee recalled saying almost exactly the same words to her during her Initiation
  Ceremony, just before a suctioning device on the Mechanical Horse had engulfed
  her clitoris. Mardee gave Anjee a look of dread and asked, "Am I in trouble?"  
Raij grabbed hold of Lord Mardee's jaw and turned his head to face her. She
  answered, "You don't know how much trouble."  
Anjee grabbed his head and turned it back towards her, saying, "But you're
  about to find out."  
The women led Mardee to The Special Room where he would discover Anjee had
  learned much since her Initiation Ceremony.  
Meanwhile, the citizens of Sanctuary were happily obeying Lord Mardee's order.
  All of them were touching, squeezing, sucking and fucking each other with untamed
  libidos. Various moans and cries echoed throughout the cavern walls. A massive
  mattress in the middle of the auditorium was covered with naked bodies, deriving
  extreme sexual pleasure from one another.  
Somehow, old Dr. Grokmor had been snatched up from the stage. He found himself
  an unwilling victim in the middle of the great mattress. Val had ripped his
  trousers off and was riding his strong cock while Gina was busy pressing her
  dripping snatch against his mouth. What could the old doctor do but give up
  willingly and drink the young girl's juices?  
A few feet from Grokmor, was David, who gleefully slapped Ulla's ass, leaving
  bright red handprints on her butt cheeks. Ulla was on her hands and knees,
  whimpering. Ulla cried out, "Give me the works!"  
David laughed, grabbed her hips and plunged his meaty organ deep inside her
  puckered asshole. Ulla gasped and gritted her teeth. David marveled at her
  tightness. Grasping her beautiful thighs, he worked his cock in deeper and
  grunted. Reaching around, David massaged her tender breasts and whispered in
  her ear, "I think I'm falling in love."  
With that said, David pulled out her rectum abruptly and shoved his prick
  back in, up to the hilt, just as quickly. Ulla shouted, "Oh, shit!"  
Not far from David and Ulla, Zahkra and Fayne were having a bit of fun with
  Helpful Billy. Zahkra was pricking his penis with a needled syringe that contained
  various chemicals while Fayne massaged his balls. After Zahkra finished injecting
  the drugs into Billy, she popped several pills into his mouth. Fayne giggled
  and laid helpless Billy down on the mattress. Moments passed before the girls
  licked and suckled upon his thick, beet-red meat pole. Soon, his nut sack inflated
  to the size of a grapefruit, producing a massive quantity of sperm. Fayne indulged
  herself, slavering all over his throbbing prick. Zahkra looked into the glazed
  eyes of the human, ready to steal every drop of cum from his testicles. Billy
  quivered, feeling powerless, unable to speak. Both female HydraSians commenced
  rubbing and sucking Billy's trembling genitals until amazing geysers of jizz
  pumped forth from his bloated cock. Not a drop of sperm was wasted.  
As the orgy progressed, Master placed his hands on Azra's waist and said, "I
  meant what I said, about not taking one another for granted, about what we
  mean to each other."  
Dr. Azra Quint smiled and stated, "Yes, I know." She hesitated, feeling he
  had more to say but was keeping it inside.  
Master appeared confused about the choice of words to use next. He wanted
  to be careful. He diverted his eyes to the mass of undulating bodies below.
  They're certainly having no problems expressing themselves, he thought, with
  a grin.  
"It's alright," said Azra, gently, "Just be honest. I can accept only your
  honesty."  
Master cleared his throat and spoke slowly.  
"I've felt a connection deepening between you and me these last few days.
  Not because you confessed you loved me. Not because of the lovemaking during
  the Olapp mission. I think&hellip; perhaps&hellip; it has always been there.
  I remember years ago, before we boarded the ship for our study mission of this
  planet and its inhabitants, seeing you taking care of a patient in the clinic.
  I remember your gentleness, your warmth and genuine regard. At one point, you
  turned to look at me."  
Master looked away for a second and then faced Azra before continuing.  
"I felt something then. A sensation of joy and serenity overwhelmed me while
  we gazed at each other during that moment."  
Azra urged him to go on.  
"I let it pass. I concentrated on the future mission. I've always been afraid
  to be vulnerable, to allow myself the pain and freedom of opening myself up
  to others."  
The red haired doctor giggled at this last revelation and said something
  that made his eyes widen.  
"Bullshit."  
Quickly regaining his composure, Master asked, "Why do you say that?"  
Azra gave him a curt smile and said, "I've seen you open yourself to others,
  with both your demonstrative actions and thoughtful words. You just have trouble
  saying I love you for fear of commitment to one person."  
Master was stunned.  
Azra continued, "You believe if you tell me those words that it will bound
  you to me, that it may subject you and I to pain, in the future, if our relationship
  encounters trouble or breaks apart."  
Master had a worried look on his face.  
Azra pointed out, "But you don't have to worry about that."  
"Why?" inquired Master.  
The doctor grabbed his chin, leaned in close to his face and said, "Because
  I know you and I are strong enough to overcome any obstacles in our path to
  happiness together."  
Quint released his face and stepped back, smiling.  
Master laughed aloud and shook his head. He looked up at her and said, "I
  do love you."  
Azra said, "I knew that, too."  
Master kissed her on the lips, feeling both relieved and happy.  
Master invited Azra to go to the pool with him. The pool was located in the
  grotto below them. On their way to the elevator, Master caught sight of Lord
  Mardee, naked, in what the denizens of Sanctuary called The Special Room. The
  long haired, goateed HydraSian was strapped to a table. Master took a few steps
  backward to get a clear view of the proceedings. The first thing he noticed
  was the odd mouthpiece strapped to Mardee's face. It seemed to be part funnel,
  part gag. Then he saw Anjee applying electrodes to Lord Mardee's very erect
  penis. Raij was setting up a variety of toys on a nearby table. Both women
  seemed as merry as elves in Santa's Workshop.  
Azra joined Master in his observance of the ongoing festivities. She put
  her hand to her cheek, clearly puzzled.  
"Wow," uttered Azra.  
Lord Mardee turned to see Master and Azra looking at him. Sweat dripped from
  his face. And were those tears sprouting from his eyes? He mumbled something
  toward them but they failed to comprehend what he was attempting to convey.
  He shook his head, erratically, while his grumbling and mumbling became louder.
  Master saluted him and said, "I can you're busy here so I'll leave you alone."  
As Azra and Master walked away, the muffled screams seemed to become more
  plaintive. Master turned to Azra, saying, "The women of Sanctuary always seem
  to pull toward Mardee. It must be his magnetic charm."  
When they finally made it to the pool, Master gently kissed Azra's neck and
  lips, savoring her scent and warm, smooth skin. Feeling more confident this
  time than their last sexual encounter, Azra stepped back and allowed her silk
  robe to fall from her body. Master responded by reaching outward to Azra, pulling
  her close to him. Again, Master was spellbound by the electrifying beauty of
  Azra's pale, flawless physique. Tenderly, Master placed his large, muscular
  hands upon her breasts, caressing them with care, tilting his head to lick
  and suck her puffy nipples.  
Azra felt his warm, slick tongue lovingly lick her tender nipples, relishing
  every second. She shivered as Master continued licking and kissing her all
  the way down to her hairless twat. On his knees, Master spread her labia, darting
  his tongue in and out of her wet cunt. Next, the leader of Sanctuary began
  giving thoughtful attention to her throbbing clit, sucking it as if he expected
  sweet nectar to seep from its tip. Moaning softly, Azra ran her hands through
  his dark, wavy hair.  
Before she could come, Master decided to stand up and take off his black
  cloak, dropping it to the cavern floor. His other garments followed suit. Then
  he took her by the hand and led her into the water. The walls of the pool were
  carved rock, smooth and black, with warm, inviting water filling it, completely.
  The torches were scattered about along the walls of the area, casting a fiery
  shimmer upon the water. The pool area held a special mystique to all those
  who chose to experience it.  
Receptive to his sensual embrace, Azra brought her long, smooth leg out of
  the water and wrapped it around Master, moving it slowly up and down his lower
  body. Azra moaned, feeling his hard cock enter inside her, filling her with
  intense pleasure. Master touched her face, kissed her lips and used his free
  hand to pull her closer. Azra leaned in next to his ear and whispered, "Take
  me."  
The dark haired leader obliged by gently clutching her soft, pale buttocks
  and thrusting his massive cock head deep into her vagina. Azra gasped, savoring
  the fullness of his hot prick. He had impaled her with his stiff member and
  she was succumbing to his force, delighting in the waves pulsating in her mind.
  Master pulled out of her juicy cunt, only to pusher further back in. Azra cried
  out. Head springing back, Master let out a long moan. She was using her vaginal
  muscles to bear down on his throbbing cock. He felt dizzy, slightly, as he
  pumped in and out of the red haired woman's gripping cunt.  
Feeling the semen build up in his balls and prick, Master realized he had
  better change position- and fast. Master took Azra by the waist and carefully
  laid her down against the sloping wall of the pool. Azra smiled, appreciating
  his gentleness and care. Master kissed the woman he loved, running his hand
  through her bright, red mane.  
Azra spread her thighs, allowing Master to push inside her. His swelled prick
  filled her, perfectly. Slowly, Master eased into her, pulling out again and
  then, methodically, driving his meaty pole through the tight walls of her pussy
  once more. Over and over, Master thrusted in and out of her hot, gushing cunt.
  Azra's vaginal muscles clenched around his bloated organ like a mighty fist.
  Master moaned. Azra shuddered and held him tightly; cherishing every inch he
  was giving her. With eyes rolling to the back of her head, Azra opened her
  mouth and let out her cries of orgasm. Master yelled out, spurting his hot
  seed deep inside her cervix, bathing the walls of her cunt with cum. Azra reveled
  in wave after wave of orgasm. Feeling close to passing out, Azra grabbed Master's
  ass, trying to hold on for the ride of her life. After a series of powerful
  thrusts, Master groaned and drained every drop of his essence into his love's
  quivering cunt. Finally, he collapsed on top of Azra, thoroughly spent.  
The connection between them now was complete.  
In The Special Room, a frizzy haired HydraSian was squatting over Lord Mardee's
  face, furiously inserting her fingers into her gaping pussy. Fresh juice splashed
  into the funnel connected to his mouth. Mardee hungrily drank it in, thankful
  for the sustenance given. Nearly an hour before, the girls had been teasing
  the bulbous head of his cock by sucking it and flicking it with their fingers.
  Then Lord Mardee was subjected to the mild, electric shocks of the electrodes,
  forcing his prick to spurt, involuntarily. Anjee and Raij gobbled all of semen
  off his belly and the sheet beneath his thighs. While they did enjoy this,
  the girls badly wanted to impale themselves on his purplish, red meat log.  
 Anjee was the first to ride Lord Mardee. She knew it would be almost impossible
  for him to cum prematurely inside her, since they had drained his balls so
  successfully. Up and down, the petite red head went on Mardee's thick cock.
  When she came, she moaned so loud, Mardee's ears rang. Anjee abruptly slid
  to the side. Mardee's cock exited from her cunt with a popping noise, caused
  by the suction of their deep fucking. Raij's quick reflexes helped her catch
  Anjee before she fell from the table.  
Raij was next. After she laid the unconscious girl on the floor, she immediately
  got on top of Mardee and began to fuck him, mercilessly. Mardee was beyond
  losing his mind. They had injected him with something that kept him from going
  limp and his poor shriveled nut bag had been totally depleted of jizz. As sorrowful
  as it might sound, Lord Mardee was feeling a kind of joy sprinkled with twinges
  of pain. And the pain was exquisite.  
After Raij let the last drop of her sweet pussy juice drip into the funnel,
  she asked Lord Mardee how he felt. The girls had worked him over so well, Mardee
  had lost vital fluids and had become desperately dehydrated. But now, his belly
  was full of the HydraSian's nutritious cum drippings. Raij rewarded his patience
  by taking the funnel out of his mouth.  
Lord Mardee cleared his lubricated throat and demanded, with reserve, "Release
  me."  
Raij took the straps off of him, trembling.  
"And now," said Lord Mardee "It is my turn."  
Some time had passed before Master and Azra came back up from the pool area.
  Both were having a quiet, romantic walk along the corridor until they heard
  the screaming. Master and the doctor jogged to The Special Room, fearing that
  something terrible was happening.  
Master and Azra peered into the room and found the girls pinned to the cavern
  wall with metal braces and hanging straps that neatly lifted and pried their
  legs far apart. Lord Mardee was laughing. The girls were not.  
Upon closer examination, Master understood why. Lord Mardee was fisting them,
  roughly. He had both arms inside their tortured cunts, up to the elbows. He
  furiously pumped his fists deeper into their raw vaginas, chuckling at their
  agony.  
Master walked over and calmly stated, "Don't forget."  
Lord Mardee continued pushing in and pulling out his arms, asking, "What
  should I not forget, Master?"  
"Why this, of course," answered the leader of Sanctuary.  
Master stepped to Mardee's side, reached out and pinched Raij's and Anjee's
  clits. The girls wailed at this added torment. Lord Mardee turned to Master
  and said, "Thanks. That did help."  
Master bid farewell to the merry threesome.  
Azra beamed at Master, took his hand and continued walking.  
Master truly understood what the denizens of his home meant when they called
  this place a paradise. Here, you could find peace, love, freedom, friends and
  family. He wished every being on this planet could experience such harmony
  and happiness. If only they would let go of their fears and inhibitions. Then
  they could bask in the pure euphoria that he and everyone else felt in Sanctuary.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  masterheathen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





