BDSM Library - The Limo Ride




The Limo Ride
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl on prom night shares her experience of taken advantage of in the back of a limo.The Limo Ride  
 I was young, dumb and inexperienced in the way of the world. I was also
  very impressionable, wanting to please all my friends. This story begins at
  my high school Senior Prom. I was just a junior when Brad asked me out to the
  prom. He and I both kind of ran in the same crowd, but Brad and I, per say,
  weren't really friends. We just kept some friends in common. Brad was everything
  I wanted when I didn't know what I wanted in a guy. He was cute, tall, dark
  and hansom, funny, intelligent, and very popular. He's the guy that is the
  crush of the school. I didn't know why he had asked me to the prom but was
  quite eager to attend, especially in the presence of Brad.  
 Several of my girlfriends had also been asked to go to the prom so we all
  planned and discussed what we were going to wear, our hair, and all that girly
  stuff. We were all so excited. Even though we were all going with guys who
  also ran in the same crowd, I was disappointed that the couples that Brad had
  rented the limo with weren't among the ones my friends were going with. In
  other words, I was going to be on my own with people that I knew but wasn't
  that socially involved with. Either way though, I was excited to be Brad's
  date.  
 As the night approached my couple of girlfriends and I had hair appointment
  together, getting a total makeover with makeup nails and pedicures. Walking
  out of the saloon in shorts and tank tops, but all dolled up; we must have
  looked like hookers.  
I got back to my house and got changed into my prom gown that was a very
  cute satin, shinny-blue, strapless and conforming dress. It was fitted to my
  waist, kind of like a corset but not that tight or obvious. The dress went
  to about mid-calf. Now I had originally had on a pair of thongs but my mom
  (who is very cool) made the suggestion that I not wear them because she could
  make out the outline of them. Nervously, I slipped them off. I checked and
  rechecked myself in the mirror. Mom just gave me a nod as she stepped downstairs
  to grab a camera.  
 The limo with Brad and his friends arrived at my house promptly at 7. He
  looked very debonair in his tux, kind of like James Bond. He charmed his way
  into my home, meeting my mom and little sister. He brought a corsage for me
  and I pinned his on him. He smiled brightly through several pictures before
  excusing us to the restaurant. When I first entered the limo, the other couples
  were already parting down. They had brought some liquor and were making drinks
  for us. I drink, everyone drinks in high school. It was nothing new, so when
  offered I accepted.  
 Not only was this a prom, but it was also my first date with Brad. I was
  nervous, didn't really know the other people that well, so I compensated with
  liquid courage. It only took two Purple Hooters before I began to feel the
  effects. I hadn't eaten all day to save room in the tight dress. I was the
  first one out of the limo and I felt Brad's hands on my ass as he gave me a
  little push out of the limo. We all were seated and although we couldn't drink,
  we all laughed and one by one made a quick trip out to limo for another drink.
  Stupidly, I only ordered a salad, but it was a big salad but I didn't eat much
  of it.  
 Back in the limo, we had a couple of more drinks till be arrived at the
  hall for the prom. This time I was the last one out of the limo, but before
  I was able to slip out of the car, Brad pulled me close and kissed me. I openly
  allowed his tongue to explore my mouth and I embraced his tongue with my own.
  We embraced for several seconds before I broke the kiss, blushing profusely.
  He again grabbed my ass as I stepped out of the limo. He followed me gently
  grabbing my hand and interlocking our fingers as we strolled up to the prom.  
 Once inside, we danced a couple of dances, got out picture taken together
  and had a good time. I excused myself to go speak with my friends for a little
  while as he did too. I was just hearing about a story from my friend Elizabeth
  as I felt a strong arm encompass me tightly and I gentle kiss on my neck. I
  cocked my head at the surprise as I saw Brad. He quickly leaned in and kissed
  me again. I'm really not much for public displays of affection but I was actually
  quite buzzed. I allowed him to use his tongue again, feeling the eyes of my
  girlfriends on me. The kiss was short lived but I could tell that Brad had
  had a couple more of the Purple Hooters. He asked if I was ready to leave and
  head to a party. I wasn't but clearly he was as was the rest of the group I
  came with. I excused myself from my friends and told them I would call them
  the next day. On our way out to the limo, we passed several of our teachers,
  in which case he would pull me tight and kiss me deeply as we strolled by the
  old whores. At school, this would have been way too taboo and we both would
  have suffered the wrath of detention, but instead we both relished in the opportunity.  
 As soon as we were out of the hall, Brad was all over me. I asked how much
  he had drunk since leaving me, to which he replied a couple. I allowed him
  in his increasingly drunken state to roam my body a bit, still only on top
  of my dress. As we entered the limo, I was surprised when he continued to make
  out with me in front of his friends so openly. His hands still explored my
  body but I wasn't comfortable with it so I stopped it. The other couples were
  all doing about the same thing. We made a couple of more drinks (7 for me)
  as we jammed to the radio.  
 We soon arrived at the private party which was already going on. It wasn't
  big at all, mostly Brad's friends, a couple of people I didn't know. We danced
  some more together, this time much closer and dirtier. It got hot quickly and
  he suggested going out on the patio. We stepped outside and several others.
  They passed Brad a joint and he took a deep hit, choking on it then taking
  another. He then passed it to me. I had tried it a couple of times but I never
  really enjoyed it because it burned my lungs. Never-the-less, I didn't want
  to feel out of sorts so I took a hit, instantly coughing. Brad smiled and reraised
  my hand and joint up to my lips. I took another hit, held it a few seconds
  and again coughed it out. I tried to pass it off, but Brad again raised it
  back up. I tried to shake it off, but he refused my decision. I gave in, this
  time taking a larger hit. He bent his head down and as I blew it out, he sucked
  in. This rhythm continued two more times before we went back inside. I excused
  myself to the restroom. I waited a couple of minutes till the bathroom was
  clear. As I walked in, another girl, Jenny, a girl I had spoken to maybe once
  over the last year strolled in behind me. It isn't that big of a deal for us
  girls. She checked her makeup in the mirror and told me she liked my dress
  as I started to sit. I didn't even think about it but she was quick to notice
  that I wasn't wearing panties, which she questioned me about. I just told her
  that I didn't like panty lines.  
 I danced a few more dances and drank a couple of beers (bad decision). Brad
  and I made out all over the place as we danced and took breaks. His confidence
  was growing as was my desire and sense of responsibility. At the deepest point
  of play, he managed to charm his way into my top. The bad thing was I wanted
  him there and more, but that's as far as we went. I was also playing with his
  prick through his pants.  
I was totally wasted&hellip;done. The rest of our crew was also wearing down.
  We left the party about a quarter after 2. We dropped a couple off and continued
  our drive around the town, down by the river for a little romance. There were
  3 other couples with us who were all messing around. It was really natural
  that we were doing it too; although it was only the alcohol plus pot that I
  would let myself go that far. It wasn't long and we weren't that far into it
  when the limo stopped at another couple's destination. They scurried out of
  the limo and after a quick flash of the overhead lamp, it was off and we were
  back on. As I moved my hand down to his crotch, he quickly slipped his hand
  down and undid his fly. I followed his initiation and slid my hand inside his
  pants. A pair of silk boxers was all there was between my hand and his member.
  His penis was hard and popping through the flap so I followed the shaft down.
  I proceeded to give him a hand job, all right there in the limo in front of
  the others but I didn't care. He loosened several buttons on my back and gently
  pulled the strapless dress forward for easier access.  
It wasn't long before I noticed his hand under my dress and creeping closer
  to my unpantied crotch. I pulled my other hand and grabbed his from the other
  side of dress. He ignored my pressure and continued his assent. I closed my
  thighs tightly but he still slid up closer. I was in ecstasy but getting a
  little uncomfortable as he continued against my will, but his tongue was deep
  in my mouth and on hand caressing my boobs. I still fought him till like a
  magic button, he hit my magic button and my legs sprang open. It wasn't even
  conscious decision. I had been wet for hours it seemed like and it didn't take
  long for him to explore my pelvis. I moaned into his mouth.  
All of a sudden the limo stopped and the door opened. Some of the others
  got out. The lights blinded us temporarily and I quickly looked over and removed
  my hand from his dick to hold up the top of my dress. He left his fingers inside
  me and gently encircled my clit. As soon as the lights went back out, I kissed
  him hard. His free hand went to work on the back of my dress to further allow
  for easy of access. At that point, being totally wasted and on the verge of
  meltdown, I didn't care. I didn't even notice that Brian and Josh didn't get
  out. The limo was rolling and so was I, unaware of the eyes watching our porno
  in the making.  
I felt more of the buttons on my back being undone and totally unaware of
  the other guys I allowed it to be totally undone. I didn't even notice that
  Brad had suddenly grown a third and fourth hand. Now, the only thing that was
  holding my dress on me was the skirt part of my dress. Brad moved his other
  hand under my dress and pulled it up to my waist. My dress was now bunched
  up around my waist and everywhere else I was totally naked. His hands explored
  my body, in and out of me, fondling my boobs, around my neck, hard on my ass.
  I had my eyes closed in ecstasy but just as quickly as it began I realized
  how many hands were on me. I turned to look and there was Brian and Josh watching
  and feeling on my tits. Despite how fucked up I was, I knew better than that.
  However, I was also in ecstasy, only a matter of seconds away from a massive
  orgasm. I then felt our combined weight being shift. I felt Brad slowly lay
  me down onto the small floor board of the limo. Despite my legs being open,
  Brad backed off me leaving me totally expose to the other two. With a swift
  move, he pulled my dress, which was bunched up around my waist down my legs
  and off, throwing it on the seat behind him. I quickly covered my body as I
  started to sober up quickly.  
All of a sudden, I felt 3 pairs of hands on my body, sliding under my arms
  that were desperately trying to hide my nudeness. I started to yell at them
  to stop but it was no use. As I looked up to Brad who was drunkenly fumbling
  with his pants, I realized that he was wanting even more. He descended between
  my legs which until then I hadn't realized that they were open. I was going
  to protest but my efforts were denied as suddenly my mouth was being used by
  one of the others. One of the guys had started kissing me hard as both of the
  other boys hands were busy exploring my body. They weren't just feeling me
  up, they were starting to abuse me. The more I tried to wiggle away from there
  hands, the harder they squeezed and pinched my nipples. I was really in pain.
  I was trying to fight off the advances of the kiss and the two pairs of hands
  but unfortunately as I did, Brad took position between my legs. I suddenly
  felt the pressure as he started to push his member into me. He slid into me
  and I tried to yell out but a tongue exploring my mouth made my attempts futile.
  Brads rhythm increased and suddenly the tongue in my mouth was gone. I opened
  my eyes only to see an erect small penis heading for me. The good news was
  lying on the floor of the limo left little room for him to actually hit my
  mouth. Instead, I got his shaft lengthways across my mouth. He, whoever it
  was, quickly tried to reposition for more effect. He couldn't find a good position
  no matter how hard it was. He ultimately settled by laying his pelvis across
  me in a pushup position.  
Brad was still humping away inside me and the boy who was on top of me was
  fucking my mouth little by little. I tried to push him off me but as I moved
  my hands to push, it left my boobs as open target for the other boy. He attacked
  them mercilessly. He pinched my nipple till I thought he was going to rip them
  off. The boy in my mouth moved again. I was thinking in my head what to say
  to get out of this situation. I figured a dignified response like, "OK. Enough's
  enough. I don't want to do this. Leave me alone, right now!" As the other boy
  shifted, I had my opportunity but all I could get out of my mouth was "Ok".
  The boy kneeled at the top of my head and scooted forward till his balls were
  near my mouth. He tea-bagged me as he forced to his sweaty balls into my mouth.
  I felt Brad's rhythm increased and I felt him cum deep inside me. With a few
  deep and hard few pumps, he ejaculated inside me. He pulled off me and sat
  back exhausted. I heard a faint comment from one of the boys saying "let me
  get around there. The boy who was on top of me quickly moved down between my
  legs. I tried to close them but my leg muscles were slow to react. The other
  boy, whom until that point had only groped me, suddenly started to complain
  that he wanted to get a little too.  
The limo we were in was a pretty nice one. It had a regular backseat at the
  rear then a long wrap around couch from the door on the driver side to the
  front of the car with a bar on the opposite side. Suddenly, the boy who was
  groping me who I thought was Josh moved to the front of the limo and quickly
  undid his pants. Brian, who had been tea-bagging me and now between my legs,
  grabbed my arm and pulled me up to a sitting position. He kind of shoved me
  toward the front where Josh was busy undoing his pants around his erection.
  I still don't know why I followed the directions but I turned over and crawled
  along the floor to Josh who now had his dick in his hand stroking it. Brian
  couldn't resist my ass in his face as I crawled and slapped my ass hard. It
  hurt and I turned my head back at him but when I did, Josh grabbed a fist full
  of my hair and gently pulled me forward. That also hurt as he guided my head
  onto his awaiting member. I tried hard to resist his pressure as I stared at
  his cock as I slowly sank toward it. He held my head tightly with both hands
  and was attempting forced me to go down on it. Brian took position behind me
  and I felt his dick's pressure against me. His hands took position at my thighs
  and I heard a faint call for me to spread my legs which I did. His dick immediately
  slid inside me. A mixture of Brad's cum and my own juices coated my entrance.
  As I was filled with this second dick so suddenly, my arm muscles gave out
  and I fell onto Josh's cock.  
He started to pound me as my head bobbed up and down on Josh. Both of the
  boys came a sort few seconds later, victims of teenage hormones and excitement.
  I lightly started to gag as Josh's cum spurted into my mouth. The salty and
  foul taste was quite unexpected. I attempted to spit even though his dick was
  still in my mouth. Most of it ran down his erection, but the taste remained
  in my mouth. He finally let go of my head and shoulders and I was finally able
  to pull off him. He sat back with a sweaty and exhausted grin on his face as
  my eyes met his. I must have looked terrible. I crawled up into a fetal position
  on the stretched rap-around couch in disgrace, fully aware of what I had just
  been apart of. I wasn't sure how I was ever going to be able to live down or
  forget about this situation.  
To Be Continued. . .  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Christy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





