BDSM Library - The Mandolin and the Magneto




The Mandolin and the Magneto
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Africa; present day and one of the more unpleasant military regimes. A young woman thought that it would never happen to her...until someone else betrayed her to the security police. The Mandolin and the Magneto  
It was such a simple thing, just a four-foot length of piano wire with a
  loop at one end and a hook at the other. For the nineteen-year-old black girl
  they had captured that morning, this simple device was about to take her to
  hell.  
She'd been brought to the interrogation hut on the edge of the police compound
  at noon. Stripped naked, her ebony skin gleaming with sweat, she now stood
  astride, the muscles in her long, beautiful legs trembling and quivering with
  the strain of her position after nearly an hour's cruel bondage. Four thin
  cords held her quite securely.  
The cords round each ankle were tied to ringbolts in the concrete floor;
  carefully spaced bolts that forced her to stand with her elegant legs spread
  achingly wide apart. The other two cords had been knotted round her wrists
  before the free ends were tied round the hut's supporting beams on either side.
  The men had taken their time with tightening the cords&hellip; increasing the
  tension inch by inch until her arms were stretched into a gleaming crucifix
  of polished flesh.  
They had tied her in position very carefully, making sure that she stood
  centrally between the two thick, waist high wooden posts&hellip; facing the
  one with the groove in the top, her back to the one with the nail.  
When the men were finished&hellip; it had been the woman's turn  
The weights looked homemade, just crude teardrops of lead with a long copper
  wire sticking from the tapered end, but that didn't stop them being horribly
  effective. She had shown them to the girl first, explaining with sadistic care
  what she was going to do to her, and how much it would hurt&hellip; Then her
  fingers had rolled and rubbed the long rubbery tips of the girl's proudly jutting
  breasts.  
 Although the woman was in uniform, an olive green skirt and military style
  shirt, the girl became convinced she was naked underneath. The top three shirt
  buttons were undone and the woman's excitement was obvious as she worked on
  the girl's breasts. The deep 'V' of her cleavage was moist and flushed and
  the tips of her own large breasts showed against the material like hard spikes.  
Breathing heavily with rising sexual excitement, the woman took time to bring
  each peak to aching stiffness. Finally, she started winding the soft, copper
  wire round the whole length of the girl's aroused left nipple, each turn binding
  the delicate flesh tighter and tighter in an agonising and unrelenting grip.
  When she had finished, only the very tip peeped between the copper coils, a
  tip that was already swollen, taut and shiny with the throbbing pressure.  
'Now let's see how firm you really are&hellip;' The woman giggled, letting
  the roughly cast teardrop dangle freely, swinging like some obscene fruit from
  the wire-bound tip of the girl's breast.  
' Nnnnnnoooooooo!'   
'Oh yes, yes&hellip; now, just let me do the other one for you&hellip;' Again
  the rolling, milking stimulation, the girl's look of horror as she watched
  her body betraying her to her torturer's caresses. She took a deep breath,
  trying to ride the hard, pinching agony of the wire being wound tightly round
  and round the long, tender length of her right nipple. The woman watched the
  girl as she worked, studying her victim and waiting for that tiny breath of
  relief as the girl found a way to ride the pulsing agony in her tits. That
  was the moment that she opened her hand&hellip; letting the second weight swing
  free.  
'Mfff, uh, uh  pleeeassse! T-t-take them off,
      please!  '  
The girl's cries rang out again as the woman playfully tapped the weights,
  setting them dancing to and fro, bouncing and jiggling on the end of each tender
  globe. But, delightful as the girl's agony was, she and the men had their orders&hellip;One
  last caress and they left her alone&hellip; to struggle against her bonds and
  the constant, throbbing ache of her wire bound nipples; leaving her so that
  her imagination would build up her terror of what was soon to come. She tried
  to stand still but to no avail&hellip; with every tiny movement, the weights
  swung and pinched unbearably&hellip;  
In her agony the girl thought back bitterly to her capture that morning.
  It was all her own fault. She should have run when the soldiers had broken
  up the meeting. By the time she'd realised it was an Internal Security raid&hellip; it
  was much, much too late.  
That was the moment M'bebe Metebe knew her nightmare was coming true. Being
  captured and tortured was a risk she'd tried not to think about for the last
  eighteen months. But somewhere, deep in one of the Internal Security Bureau's
  cellars the pain had been too much for someone&hellip; and her name had been
  mentioned&hellip;  
Like the rest of the Movement, she'd heard the stories of what they did to
  extract information from opponents of the Regime. On women prisoners, especially
  the pretty ones, the favourites were the magneto, the gas lighter&hellip; and
  the 'mandolin'. She already knew, from the way they'd tied her, that they were
  going to make her 'play the mandolin' very soon now.  
There was a draft of air as the door opened and closed. M'bebe shivered in
  her bonds, trying to stifle her grunts of pain as the weights moved too, twisting
  and pulling at the tips of her breasts like cruel fingers. She looked up as
  she heard someone saying her name, very softly.  
The man standing in front of her was middle aged, smartly dressed in a light
  coloured suit, the eyes deep set, black and unblinking in a hard, merciless
  face. As he studied the girl's beautiful body, and the way her bonds had forced
  her toned muscles into sharp relief, a hint of cruel pleasure showed on his
  thin, bloodless lips.  
M'bebe looked down from the eager anticipation in those lizard-like eyes,
  staring transfixed at the shiny, coiled wire in the man's hands, trying uselessly
  to build up her courage as she shivered harder under the pitiless gaze. 'I
  hope those weights have helped your concentration, Miss Mutabe. Mafume&hellip; help
  the lesson along a little would you&hellip;' He studied the girl's reactions
  as the woman, smiled wickedly, tapped each of the dangling weights in turn,
  making them swing wildly so that the gleaming black cones stretched and flexed.
  As they moved so they twirled lazily in the air, twisting the girl's nipples
  to and fro with fresh stabs of agony and making the drum taut purple tips bulge
  out even more from the copper coils.  
'No! No don't, don't m-move them, they're h-h-hurting me so much!'    
The man, the woman and a heavily built guard avidly watched the young black
  girl's sudden wriggling dance of pain, a dance that only added to her torment
  as her movements set the heavy glistening globes bouncing madly, the swollen,
  wire-bound tips jutting out like little pegs. For M'bebe there was a dreadful,
  pulsing agony in her breasts&hellip; She felt as though the wildly sensitive
  tips themselves were going to explode.  
'Miss Metebe&hellip; I am Inspector Lubala.' The woman quickly steadied the
  weights so the girl could concentrate on the Inspector's words. 'You are thinking
  that you will stay silent, that we cannot make  you talk.
  Believe me&hellip; you will be begging to tell me everything and anything before
  long&hellip;' He held up the wire, letting it uncoil completely so one end
  clicked against the concrete floor. 'This comes next. ' He showed her the small
  ring carefully bound and soldered into one end, 'the corporal here will put
  this end over the nail in the top of that post behind and then&hellip;' he
  paused, the cruel smile widening as he watched the girl's sudden frantic panting.
  'Ah, I see you've heard about our little toy and what we are about to do to
  you&hellip; Don't worry, it's going to be much, much worse that any of the
  stories, believe me&hellip;'  
M'bebe heard a thin metallic clatter as the guard hooked the loop over the
  spike. The woman the inspector had called Mafume knelt between her straddled
  thighs, her fingers fondling the soft, pink inner folds as she eased the shiny
  silver wire into the crease of her buttocks before delicately parting the girl's
  labia so it was nestling right up into her cunt. She took exquisite care to
  ensure the thin polished strand ran directly over the fleshy hood and prominent
  nub of M'bebe's clitoris.  
'My men nickname this treatment 'playing the mandolin'. Please don't be fooled
  by its simplicity&hellip; in a moment or so it will feel as though someone
  is cutting you in half with hot knife.' The Inspector smiled without a trace
  of humour, 'after that&hellip; I'm afraid it just gets worse. We'll start with
  a kilo whilst I ask you about somebody we're anxious to trace&hellip; of course,
  if it gets too much&hellip; you only have to tell me what I want to know&hellip;'  
M'bebe craned her head forward, watching every movement as she felt the first
  burning pressure as the wire was lifted into the groove carved in the top of
  the post two feet in front of her pinioned body. 'A kilo weight please, Corporal.'  
Oh God! Why had she not noticed the battered wooden table in the
      corner with the field telephone, the electric flex, the butane lighters,
      the pliers and needles and other things scattered on it!   She
      watched the soldier rummaging through a pile of battered metal weights
      She bit her lip, her breath racing as panic filled her body. The one he
      finally picked up looked horribly heav y &hellip; what was it
      the Inspector had said? '&hellip;We'll start with a kilo!'   
'Take a deep breath&hellip; you'll need it!' The woman hooked the weight
  on, letting it dangle against the post. 'There, come on, up you go&hellip;'
  she teased as M'bebe grunted with the first, cutting pull of the wire along
  her slit. Automatically, just as the woman had known she would, the quivering
  nineteen-year-old girl tried to ease the sudden pain by lifting herself on
  tiptoe as the weight pulled the wire taut.  
Only when she was teetering at full stretch, thigh and calf muscles already
  starting to burn with the strain, did M'bebe understand her mistake. Standing
  up on tiptoe had allowed the weight to slide down easily that extra few inches
  but when she tried to lower herself down again, it was impossible! The pain
  lanced through her like a blade.  
Not only that but the trembling of her muscles set the other two weights
  swaying and turning, adding to the thudding agony in her breasts as she rode
  the torturing wire.  
Inspector Lubala studied the trembling outstretched girl with real pleasure.
  With M'bebe Mutabe on full, agonising tiptoe he could relish the rigid tension
  in her superb figure as she fought the slicing agony of the fine silver wire
  she now stood astride. Unlike the infamous 'wooden horse' or similar torture
  devices, with the wire there was nothing to grip, nothing for the victim to
  clench her muscles against for even a moment of relief.  
Doesn't stop them trying,  the Inspector thought, noting
  the bar taut ridges of the girl's stomach muscles and the quivering tension
  in her tightly clenched buttocks&hellip; give her a few minutes.
  Then take the weights off her tits and see how she dances when we tickle her
  with the magneto&hellip; They'll be nicely swollen and tender by then&hellip;    
   
He rested one finger on the dangling weight, pressing down so the girl stared
  at him, her pleading eyes bulging with the strain in her legs and the agony
  of the wire cutting slowly up her cunt&hellip;'  
'Ah, ah noooooo, please, please take it off, pleeeease! I've done nothing,
  nothing at all, please&hellip;!'  
'&hellip;All this fuss after just a few minutes'  
'Oh God, please&hellip; just take it off, please take it off&hellip;'  
'I need to know something first&hellip;' Again the finger tapped the weight,
  bringing a series of frantic grunts from the girl. She threshed her head and
  shoulders from side to side in a sudden paroxysm, drops of sweat flicking across
  the dusty concrete, the copper-clad tips of her breasts jittering and joggling
  delightfully as the heavy cones and their cruel, dangling weights again bounced
  and slapped wildly against her chest.  
He waited. 'Listen&hellip; listen my dear&hellip; I want to know where Imezi
  Bewanyo is hiding, &hellip; that's all. Now, is this tight enough&hellip; or
  should the Corporal fetch another kilo?' The smile was quite satanic as he
  gazed at the girl's pain-wracked face. 'Or should I just let it swing a little
  like the other two&hellip;' He jogged the weight sideways so it bumped against
  the post&hellip;  
'Iiiiiiiiiyyyyaaarrgghhh!'   
'Not the answer I wanted but&hellip; I'll be kind and let you try again&hellip; where
  is Imezi Bewanyo?'  
'I d-don't know w-who you m-m-mean&hellip;' the girl sobbed in anguish, her
  straining leg muscles vibrating with the onset of cramp. The man smiled at
  her and took an ordinary pencil from his jacket pocket. He held it by the sharpened
  end between thumb and forefinger then gently tapped it against the taut wire
  angling up from her slit to the top of the post.  
'Nuh, nuh, nuh, n-no, nooooooo p-please d-d-don't&hellip;'  
'Some of my other guests have told me it's like a little electric shock&hellip; something
  to do with the vibration I suppose.' He might have been commenting on the weather
  but the pencil continued tapping its dreadful rhythm of agony, doubling the
  effect of the wire as M'bebe wriggled helplessly. He only stopped as he saw
  the first smear of red at the very top of the girl's slit&hellip; In her agony
  M'bebe hadn't realised she was moving against the wire, allowing it to cut
  like a cheese slicer into the tender crease at the top of her cunt. He flicked
  his fingers at the woman and she lifted the weight, allowing M'bebe to sink
  back fully onto her feet.  
'Just a little pause&hellip; now just think what it's going to be like when
  Mafume lets that weight go again&hellip; or have you remembered what I want
  to know?'  
'I don't know him, really I don't. Why are you doing thi&hellip;? Yeeeeiiiiiiiiiiii!'    
M'bebe's words became a single inhuman scream as the woman let the weight
  drop again. The girl surged up on her toes once more, every muscle rigid with
  strain as the wire tortured her cunt, slicing back into the stinging raw flesh
  at the top of her slit. Just as before the cruel nipple weights added to her
  agony as they pulled and twisted diabolically the peaks of her tortured breasts.  
'I'm doing it because you lied&hellip; last month's demonstration remember?
  The pictures of you and Imezi Bewanyo are very clear, very clear indeed&hellip; So,
  where is he?' The pencil moved again, bouncing on the taut, shiny wire.  
Tap&hellip; tap-tap&hellip; tap-tap&hellip; tap-tap...   
'Nuh, Nooooooo! D-d-d-don't know, uh, uh, uh, nuh! Please Sir,  d-don't
      d-d-d-do t-t-t-t-t-that&hellip;  I DON'T KNOW!'   
Mafume quickly lifted the weight as the nineteen-year-old slumped against
  her bonds. The Inspector threw the pencil on the floor in disgust.  
'Corporal, get your shock box over here, we'll tickle her for a bit see if
  that will make her more talkative&hellip;' He paused, watching the frantic
  heaving of the girl's chest. 'I suppose she could be telling the truth&hellip; But,
  get those weights off her tits first. Warm her up a bit, Mafume help her feel
  the joys of returning circulation for a moment&hellip;'  
M'bebe jerked back to consciousness, automatically arching her back and rising
  on tiptoe to ride the wire as the woman began to unwind the copper wires from
  her nipples. She only realised that this was a new element in her torture as
  the tender stubs began to burn and throb with pain. The Inspector watched calmly
  as the girl's unfettered breasts jiggled and bounced delightfully. The long
  black nipples were already thick and shiny, swollen and ultra-sensitive from
  the constriction of the copper wires.  
Mafume let M'bebe feel the full effects for a few moments then gently cupped
  the girl's right breast, holding it up and then leaning forwards to suck the
  long, black nipple before rolling it to and fro between her fingers. Deliberately
  working the already swollen, tender flesh, she brought fresh whimpers of anguish
  from the girl tried as the tender tip was teased and tortured unbearably.  
' S-s-s-s-sore. That's s-s-sore, no. Please no oh, ooooh d-don't
      ih, ih&hellip; Iiiiiiiiih!'   
The pleas became a single piercing scream as the girl saw the alligator clip
  with its trailing red wire in the woman's other hand Desperately trying not
  to move on the dreadful cutting wire, she stared down at her body with bulging
  eyes as the heavy copper jaws were positioned over the taut skin of the swollen
  purplish stub. Then Mafume relaxed her grip and the sharp triangular teeth
  bit down into her flesh, clamping the length of her nipple in an excruciating
  vice of pain. M'bebe Mutabe's head threshed from side to side, the clip bouncing
  and jiggling on the peak of her breast like some obscene decoration whilst
  the thin electrical wire moved and swayed at the girl's frantic struggles.  
'One more to go, let's have this one nice and stiff too, shall we?' Mafume
  lifted M'bebe's right breast, cupping the soft weight as she used her lips
  and tongue to bring the long finger-like stub to full arousal as well. 'That's
  better&hellip; now for the rest of your jewellery&hellip;'  
' Iiiiiiiiiiiyyyyyyyaaaahhh!'   
Another scream was ripped from the girl's throat as the second clip bit into
  flesh already agonisingly tender from the treatment with the weights and copper
  wire. The three inquisitors watched impassively as the strutted girl slowly
  calmed down, gathered her strength and adjusted to the new thudding agony in
  her breasts.  
'Now I have your attention again&hellip; I still need an answer. Where can
  I find Imezi Bewanyo?' Inspector Lubala studied the glistening figure astride
  that diabolical silver thread, legs and arms held out spread by the cruel cords.
  'Oh dear&hellip; perhaps you thought that the worst was over&hellip; I regret
  to say that it's going to get worse, much worse&hellip; for you that is&hellip;'
  He waited as the girl continued to mumble and pant in her agony. 'So silly,
  so foolish, very well, let us try stimulating your nipples with a little shock
  treatment&hellip;'  
M'bebe hadn't really noticed the corporal kneeling to one side by the canvas
  covered box. 'Watch the handle Miss Mutabe, watch it carefully&hellip;'  
She stared as the kneeling soldier turned the handle slowly and carefully.
  The quivering nineteen-year-old suddenly snorted, head jerking back at the
  burning tingling sensation prickling through the sore, tender peaks of her
  breasts. The soldier grinned; he'd been waiting patiently for those familiar
  initial signs of the agony to come&hellip; the sharp intake of breath and the
  first bucking spasm. Immediately M'bebe's head went back he spun the handle
  rapidly for half a dozen turns.  
The gleaming ebony figure arched forwards in spasm, breasts bouncing and
  slapping together, muscles locked like iron as the appalling shock fizzed through
  her nipples. For two heartbeats she was posed in a quivering rictus of pain
  with her mouth gaping in a stretched 'O' of agony&hellip; then a high, animal-like
  squeal of outrage echoed round the hut.  
' Yeeeeeeeeaaarrrrrggghhhh!  '  
'Oh very good, very good indeed&hellip; but I suggest you try not to move
  too much&hellip; that wire can injure you so easily&hellip;'  
'Arrrrrrgggghhhh! No, noooooo, I c-c-can't, p-p-p-please t-the
      w-w-wire it's cutting me in half, p-please&hellip;  '  
The Inspector delicately parted the girl's labia, making her scream again
  as he fingered her slit. 'Yes, I think you're right but I still need answers
  so we must go on&hellip;' The Inspector pointed one finger at the corporal
  squatting by the canvas covered box and twirled it in an unmistakable signal.  
The whirr of the magneto sounded again and once more the nineteen-year-old
  coloured girl arched back, squealing in despair and agony as her tits burned
  and the wire carved millimetre by millimetre into the tenderest meat of her
  cunt.  
Six more times the whine of the magneto filled the air, and six more times
  M'bebe Mutabe played on the mandolin of torture as she bucked and surged against
  the fizzing kiss of the current scorching her nipples. The last time the corporal
  wound the handle even harder, forcing the girl's inhuman squeals even higher
  until she fainted, hanging unconscious from the cords as a thin smear of blood
  again showed at the top of her slit where the wire was buried in her flesh.  
'Unhook her and give her a shot. Take a break and change the connections,
  then we'll see if she prefers the current to the wire&hellip;'  
Ten minutes later, M'bebe Mutabe was conscious and shivering with the effect
  of fear and the stimulant injection she'd been given. Her ebony black skin
  gleamed and glistened with sweat; muscles twitching and writhing as she tried
  to ease the cramps in her widely-straddled legs and the constant burning agony
  in her outstretched shoulders.  
The toothed copper electrodes had been unclipped from the shiny, swollen
  peaks of her breasts and the dreadful, slicing wire removed from between her
  legs leaving M'bebe Mutabe to suffer the thudding torment of returning circulation
  in her nipples and a pulsing agony in her cunt. Despite her pain and exhaustion,
  the girl knew they were deliberately allowing her this respite, making sure
  that the torture points of her body were even more sensitive and tender for
  the next session&hellip;  
'Ah, aaaaaah, p-p-please&hellip;n-nooo!'  
The girl's gasping plea was forced from her as the Inspector gently caressed
  the hot, taut peak of her left breast. 'Oh yes my dear, nice and tender. But
  I think we'll let them swell a little more&hellip; just think what it's going
  to be like when we clip you up again&hellip;' His fingers suddenly pinched
  the bruised and scorched nipple and the girl bucked wildly  
'Iiiiiieeeeaaarrrggghhh!'  
'I still need an answer, my dear&hellip; where can I find Imezi Bewanyo?'  
'T-t-told you, d-d-don't know where he is now&hellip; P-p-p-please you must
  believe me, oh please, pleeeassse!'  
'The trouble is I don't, my dear girl&hellip; I think you know exactly where
  he is&hellip;' His voice became suddenly quieter and sharper as he half turned
  away from the shivering girl. 'Mafume, we're going to need a bulb and the persuader.
  Miss Mutabe has decided to be stubborn.' He caressed the slick muscular ridges
  of the outstretched girl's belly, his fingers deliberately stroking across
  the prominent swell of her mound. M'bebe shuddered, trying to twist away as
  far as the cords would allow. 'So, now we must stimulate your memory elsewhere&hellip;'
  The fingers tickled the wet under curve of her breasts, 'and please don't imagine
  that I have finished with these&hellip; you've no idea how much more painful
  it will be when we put the clips back on those teats a little later on&hellip;'  
'Now&hellip;' he murmured, holding up two objects. The first looked to M'bebe
  just like a giant child's dummy&hellip; but a dummy made of polished shiny
  metal. The bulbous end was the size of a plum, narrowing down to a neck set
  in a black plastic collar. She caught her breath in horror as she saw the electric
  flex snaking from the base of the handgrip attached to the collar. The inspector
  smiled as he heard the girl's reaction...  
'Yes, my dear&hellip; this one goes up inside. Now this one&hellip;.' He
  held up another electrode. This time the handle was longer, designed to allow
  someone to hold it comfortably, but it was the sight of the slim, curved probe
  that brought more babbling pleas from the tethered girl. Only the thickness
  of a pencil it was about nine inches long and curved in a gentle arc ending
  in a smoothly rounded tip.  
The Inspector brought the horrible device, the one he'd called his 'persuader',
  up between M'bebe's spread thighs and carefully stroked it along the junction
  of her labia.  
'Huh&hellip; ffffh! Nuh&hellip; nuh&hellip; f-fuck'    
Her interrogators exchanged smiles, watching the involuntary thrusting movements
  of the girl's hips as the Inspector slipped the curved finger-like electrode
  between her labia, teasing the delicate membranes of her cunt and moistening
  the polished metal probe ready for the torture to begin. After playing with
  the girl for a few more moments the Inspector removed the glistening metal
  shaft and handed both electrodes to Mafume.  
'Try bulb up her bottom to start with&hellip; that'll give you more room
  to use the persuader up inside before you tickle her clit&hellip;' The woman
  grinned in excitement and put the persuader down so she could fondle the trim
  muscular curves of M'bebe's bottom.  
' Don't you fucking dare&hellip;!  ' the girl's fingers
  clenched, nails digging into her palms as she felt the woman probing into the
  hot, wet cleft of her buttocks. She squirmed even more as Mafume's fingertip
  found the sensitive little rosette of her anus. 'Umph, you bitch!
  Ah aaaaaah nuh&hellip; d-d-don't p-push, not up t-there&hellip;'  The
  woman giggled softly at the girl's words as her finger slipped into the hot,
  moist opening, twirling and twisting slowly and gently in a tormenting stimulation.  
Mafume pushed the bulbous electrode against the girl's lips. 'Better get
  this nice and wet for me&hellip;' her finger twisted deliberately inside the
  girl's rectum so that M'bebe's mouth opened in a gasp of shock at the sensation.
  The polished silvery plum popped into the girl's mouth gagging her so that
  the gasp became a muffled gobbling noise as her tongue slurped over the surface
  in an attempt to dislodge the metal bulb.  
'Oh yes, that's right&hellip; really wet and slippery&hellip;' the woman
  crooned, turning the electrode to and fro in time with her slow tickling masturbation
  deep inside the girl's anal passage. 'Now let's see how this feels&hellip;'
  she eased the bulb from M'bebe's mouth as she pulled her finger from the girl's
  rectum. M'bebe's eyes suddenly widened, her mouth opening in soundless protest
  as she felt the slippery wet top of the bulbous electrode against the ring
  of her anus. Mafume giggled again as she slowly and expertly twisted and pressed
  the smoothly curved head deeper and deeper&hellip;'  
'Huuuuh! Nuh, nuh&hellip; Iiiiiyyyyyh!'    
M'bebe squealed in sudden shock as the plum sized head of the electrode popped
  through her anal ring. Her own muscular spasms drew the shiny metal bulb deeper
  into her body as her anus clenched tightly round the narrow neck, clamping
  the plastic ring tightly into the soft crease of her body.  
'Miss Mutabe&hellip;' the inspector's voice was quiet and pitiless. 'What
  is about to be done to you is worse than anything that you have felt so far.
  Just remember as you scream and plead for us to stop&hellip; we can go on for
  days. Just a break to allow you to regain your strength and then Mafume and
  the corporal will begin again. Just imagine riding the mandolin again with
  twice the weight&hellip; or how those dreadfully sore nipples will feel when
  Mafume wraps the wire around them for the second time.' He let a cruel smile
  play across his face, '&hellip;and all for the want of a few words, a simple
  address&hellip;.'  
The silence lengthened as the inspector studied the girl's outstretched figure,
  heavy pointed breasts rising and falling rapidly with her shallow panting breaths,
  the obscene tail of electrical flex dangling from between her tightly clenched
  buttocks and snaking across the floor to the canvas covered box with the brass
  terminals and the little handle protruding from one side.  
'Mafume&hellip; this little bitch is playing games with us I fear&hellip; take
  her to the maximum&hellip; inside first then you can work on her clit&hellip;'  
'Oh yes, Sir&hellip; with pleasure.' Her fingers parted the lips of M'bebe's
  cunt as she carefully inserted the curved shaft into the opening of the girl's
  vagina. 'Medium speed, Corporal, keep it nice and steady for me. Now girlie,
  are you watching the handle&hellip;?'  
As the magneto began to whirr so Mafume gently moved the curved metal finger
  of the inspector's 'persuader' deep inside the girl's body, stroking the curved
  tip against the walls of her vagina and then deeper and deeper until the awful,
  fizzing agony of the electric current was surging through the mouth of her
  cervix, The girl convulsed wildly, every muscle rigid as the agony tore through
  her body. At first he mouth was wide in a silent scream and then a bubbling,
  animal cry echoed round the torture room.  
' Yeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiihhhh!'   
The two of them kept her at that peak of pain for nearly a minute before
  the corporal stopped and the girl slumped against the cords her chest heaving
  as she drew vast shuddering breaths, trying to control her trembling limbs.  
'Again&hellip;'  
This time the effect was even more dramatic as Mafume stroked the electrode
  over the nerve cluster on the front wall of M'bebe's vagina  
'Yeeeeeeeeaaarrrrrggghhhh!  '  
'And again, I think Mafume&hellip;'  
The soft whirr of the magneto, more urgent now, filled the silence and the
  girl arched back once more as the current smashed up into her body, the blazing
  fire of the shocks fizzing between the devilishly searching probe and the other
  electrode buried in the delicate, sensitive tissues of her rectum. This time
  took her beyond the limit and M'bebe Mutabe gabbled the information that the
  inspector wanted. Unable to make out the words among the3 screams he snapped
  his finger at the corporal and Mafume quickly slid the persuader from the girl's
  body.  
'S-station&hellip; aaarrrrgggghhhh! S&mdash;s-s-s-staying n-near
      the station, Temaki Street&hellip; t-t-the shop w-with the b-b-b-blue w-w-windows&hellip;'   
'The number, what's the number, or the name of the shop? Or do want Mafume
  to go on&hellip;?'  
'No, oh no, no, no! Amuwezi, A-A-Amuwezi S-Stores&hellip; H-he u-uses the
  b-back room&hellip; please, please, no more, p-please&hellip;'  
The Inspector walked across to a desk by the wall and dialled two numbers.
  'I need a car and an armed squad immediately&hellip; Temaki Street&hellip; no,
  by the station&hellip; you've got five minutes&hellip; I'll meet you by the
  gate&hellip;'  
The inspector walked softly back to where the sweat-soaked figure of the
  nineteen year old hung tethered between the torture posts. 'Mafume, whilst
  I'm out see what else Miss Mutabe has to tell us. Try stroking her clit this
  time would you&hellip;'  
The girl's squeal of outrage and despair echoed round the room as she felt
  Mafume delicately burrowed the rounded metal end beneath the fleshy hood until
  the very tip of the electrode touched the nub of her clitoris.  
'YOU FUCKING BASTARD! You can't, you can't do this&hellip; You promised&hellip; I've
  told you what you wanted, you can't, you promised, yo&hellip;'  
Whatever else M'bebe Mutabe was trying to say was lost in the piercing scream
  of agony as the corporal spun the magneto and the electric current scorched
  and fizzled through the most sensitive point of the girl's body.  
'ARRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHH&hellip;!'   
The Inspector watched calmly as the girl arched back, screaming piteously
  in the grip of the current, He smiled as he heard the tinkle of liquid as the
  pain finally made her lose control of he bladder. 'I said I wanted the address&hellip; I
  never said we would stop when I got it&hellip; after all, you may have other
  friends I need to talk to.'  
He turned to his two torturers. 'See what else you can get then put her back
  in the cells. We'll talk to her again tomorrow&hellip;'  
As he left the hut, Inspector Lubala heard the softly rising hum of the magneto
  starting once again&hellip;  
Cortez  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





