BDSM Library - Odds & Ends...




Odds & Ends...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive man is granted release by his mistress... but at what price?
DISCLAIMER: This is a work of fiction, depicting consensual and non-consensual
sex between adults. This is not an endorsement or suggestion of any act, sexual
or non-sexual. This is fiction. If it is illegal to read such material in your
country, state, or province, please stop here. If you are too young to read
sexual material in your area, please stop here. Otherwise, please enjoy, and I
love feedback. Tell me what you think!

Contact me at:
NotSoBushy (at) redwhitearmy (dot) com
And please VOTE!!!



Odds and Ends
By NSB


I am running again. It seems I'm running constantly, no matter where I go I'm
being forced to move, to leave, to keep going.

Right now, though, I'm just running. There is something behind me, something
that sounds like metal teeth gnashing... I dare not look back, I don't even want
to know what is back there.

The grinding sound slows, stops... I turn round in the darkness, looking for the
attackers, looking for a way out...

Falling to my knees, I can't help but feel slightly strange. The terror that had
gripped me was falling away, being replaced by... pleasure...

......... Silence .........

"Chris?"

The voice doesn't seem to fit with what my senses are telling me...

"Chris? Baby? Can you hear me?"

Where is that coming from? In the darkness, a horizon seems to form... Bright
white light, erupting across my vision. My eyes open, and the horizon changes
from a slit into blinding reality.

You take up my entire world, and I gaze at you with what must be a very confused
look.

"Are you alright Chris?"

My mouth seems to be taking orders from somebody else... I can't respond. The
sheets are soaked with my sweat, the dampness is cold against my back. As I look
to my side I can see the sheets have been pulled off of the bed, I must have
been moving. Did I wake her?

"Lilly, I..."

You always seem to know what I'm going to say, and interrupt before I finish.
"No baby, I was already up. What was going on in there? I heard you..."

"Nothing Lilly, just..." my voice falters, "just a dream."

Looking round the room, everything seems to be in place, comforting and
familiar. The bed is in the center of the room, supported by a low wooden frame
and headboard. Looking past the foot of the bed, I see our dresser, littered
with candles. We seem to have some kind of obsession with candles. Candles,
incense, anything pleasing and sensual... Sensual, yes, we definitely have an
obsession with the sensual.

The scent in the room is light, tropical, and spiced, giving me a shiver of
excitement. Our large burnt orange candle is burning on that dresser, filling my
nostrils, waves of pleasure hitting my brain.

The walls must be the brightest white I've ever seen. That thought seems to
cross my mind every time I wake up in this room...

The windows are wide open, just as we like them, letting a soft, warm breeze
through the silk curtains... The air flows through the fabric, flowing over me
and finding the furniture, all made of bronze colored wood, smooth and perfect
to the touch.

Yes, one could say we have an obsession with the sensual...

Yet, if a neighbor or a friend were to look closely, the room is not quite
normal. There seem to be little bits that don't belong.

The four corners of the wooden bed frame, so perfectly polished and unmarred,
are set with small rings. Nothing fancy or large or shiny, but all the same.
Four thick metal rings... They must just be for decoration.

Then one might look at the ceiling, and see one or two of these rings set there
as well. How odd... And look, there are rings in the corners of the floor and
the ceiling, all set sturdily into the walls. How peculiar...

Thankfully, nobody has looked closely yet. Our little life is quite private,
undiscovered by the outside world. And that's the way it will stay.

Yes, one could say we have an obsession with the sensual... but sexuality, that
is where our true obsession lies.

This is our specially fitted bedroom, in our small house. We live outside Los
Angeles, away from the valley and the smog, away from the pollution. Our little
suburb is clean, young, and successful. The house was not easy to come by, but
we have worked hard.

Our careers are good, one of us in fashion, the other in film. The salaries we
make give us freedom to do what we please in the evenings and on the weekends,
and allow for wonderful vacations. And a few other adventurous things on the
side...

We met so long ago; I can't even remember the date, or even the year, for that
matter. We were friends for years, dating other people, living out our lives in
our hometown, far from California. It took years, but we finally realized that
we were right for each other. Our other relationships fell away, and we never
looked back.

Through college and starting careers, we were together. It took a lot of
patience, waiting for years while we were on opposite ends of the country.
Finally, we each took jobs in Los Angeles, bought our home, and started our
life.

More than anything else, we were right for each other. We complemented each
other; together we made something more than just the component parts. This was
true in everyday life, but we didn't just fit in a platonic way. Our sexual
selves were two halves to a whole.

Sitting in that bed, with the wet sheets on my back, I could start to see what
had woken me. The dream hadn't, not at all. Let me explain, I wear nothing to
bed. I sleep entirely naked. Some men don't like that feeling, but for me there
is no other way to slumber.

What had woken me was wrapped around my cock. Your hand was still holding me,
hard and long, in your hand. My head was covered in something slick; you must
have been licking me...

This is one of the reasons I love you. What better way to wake up in the morning
than in your mouth? You always know just how to excite me...

"Just a dream, huh?"

Your question bounces around my brain, and I finally seem to come to my senses.
Fully awake now, I respond, "Yeah. I've gotta say, that is the only way to wake
up from a nightmare though..."

Your mouth twists into a smile, coy and seductive. Seductive... yes, that was
the very essence of you. Sexy, funny, sensual, seductive... A tattoo or two,
ears with a few piercing a piece. One of those people who could come home from
work with a different hair color than when she left, and not know what I was
talking about when I asked "So... why the change?" You were impulsive,
spontaneous, always trying something new.

I, on the other hand, I was different. We were both progressive, accepting,
tolerant, giving, talented... I guess I was just less brave than you, much less
spontaneous. I worked hard, but always knew where I came from and where I was
going. I wasn't into changing myself, however. I didn't dye my hair, like you
were so fond of, I didn't have any piercings or tattoos. I was just a clean-cut
man with long, vibrantly red hair.

It seemed natural to have you as the dominant; it came naturally into our
relationship. Unlike some other men, you couldn't walk all over me. Outside the
bedroom, we were very much equals. Once inside our little sanctuary, however,
you could ask me for anything... There was very little we wouldn't try.

Your head lowered again, your tongue threading through your lips, finding my
cock. The hours and hours of practice had made you absolutely incredible, you
knew every vein in me. You also knew just how to make me come whenever you
deemed appropriate. Thirty good seconds with that tongue could bring me off
every time, you were that good. The other side of this coin was that you could
keep me from coming, never letting me have that release I so desired, and hold
me right on the edge for as long as you pleased.

Just my luck, it was looking more and more like one of the latter. You lifted
your head for just long enough to say, "Cuffs, baby." Your face has taken on an
authoritative presence, and I know now is not a time to beg. You'll have what
you want, and it will be much more fun for me if I cooperate.

Cuffs... we kept a pair of thick leather cuffs in the drawer of the bedside
table, and I quickly pulled them out of their hiding place. Donning them, I
fastened the heavy buckles until the leather was pulled taut against my skin,
just tight enough. Fishing through the drawer again, I came out with two tiny
padlocks, which I threaded through the buckles and locked. These cuffs were not
coming off until you wanted them too...

Pausing again, you lifted your head, the golden hair falling away from your face
as you looked at me. "It's time, baby." Your hands crossed my body and took hold
of my right wrist, fastening it to the bed by way of small clips from the
drawer. The clips closed with a metallic 'click', and from the position my hand
was held in I couldn't have released it if I had wanted to. The left hand was
secured in the same way, leaving my chest bared and my arms spread across the
drying sheets.

"Time to be quiet," you say.

Reaching to the drawer again, you pull out a ball gag. The straps are soft black
leather, and the ball is large and red. I lean my head forward dutifully as you
pull the straps over my head, through my hair. I open my mouth and you push the
ball in. Once the rubber passes through my teeth, my mouth seems to close around
it involuntarily. Not that there's much room to open or close my jaw, the ball
is large enough to fill the space, without being overly uncomfortable. I can
feel the straps being pulled tight around my ears and over the top of my head.

"Roll over on your side baby."

Your hands take hold of my hips, the soft skin on your palms guiding me to the
right. The position is a bit awkward, but not incredibly so. I'm very flexible,
yoga, pilates, tae kwon do and the like have made me strong, cut, and given me
range of movement that would leave most others straining. This position is one
we use every once and a while when I'm tied, it gives you complete access to---

'SMACK!'...

Complete access to my ass, which is going to be in quite a bit of pain soon.
Spankings are one of our favorite bits of foreplay. You can wear out your hands
on my ass, and I'll be begging for more.

'SMACK!'...

I enjoy the pain, it seems to turn me on in ways I wasn't able to understand for
a long time. I crave the punishment, my cock is getting harder after each
blow...

'SMACK!'...

Your hand falls over and over again, first on the left cheek, then the right,
alternating, switching... I never know where or when the next blow will fall,
only that I will buck my hips back as it lands. My cock gets harder still as my
ass turns redder and redder... The punishment excites me. From what I can see of
your face, it is exciting you too...

'SMACK!'...

Pushing myself back into your hand as it falls, I smile into the gag. This is
what I want, this is what I crave... If you asked me, I couldn't begin to
explain why. It has turned me on since before I can remember...

'SMACK!'...

The spanking is getting more severe... Your hand is falling with more and more
force each time. The pleasant stinging has given way to fire every time a blow
lands. The punishment gets harder and harder to take over time, each blow
expands the pain from the last, I never quite get time to recover.

..........

The next blow doesn't fall. I'm confused, wondering where your hands have gone,
but dutifully hold my place on my side, arms stretched out to the corners of the
bed. Trying to resist the temptation to look around, I focus on the candle,
looking at the flame flickering. The light is casting shadows on the wall that
shift with the breeze from the window... Your voice rings through the room:

"Focus, baby. This is going to be fun for you, just try and relax."

With the words still sounding in my head, I feel your presence again. The
mattress moves slightly below me as you sit on the bed. Your hand touches my
ass, red and hot from the spanking, and I feel something pushing against me,
insistent, cold...

"Relax... you're not making this easy..."

Trying to do what you've said, I let my muscles go, releasing all the tension.
The plug slides into place. This is one of those devilish little things we keep
around, and you're laughing... You know just what it does to me. The plug is
curved just perfectly to touch my prostate.

This little plug will keep me excited, and that's the problem. Every time I
move, it shifts and sends little jolts of pleasure to my brain. You can tease me
mercilessly, moving the plug and touching me, and there's not a damn thing I can
do about it...

I feel a hand on my hip, pulling me back onto my back. Rolling over, I see you
again, smiling. Your hair is pulled back now, revealing more of your face. The
smile seems to extend from ear to ear, you love teasing me... Not only can I see
more of your face, you seem to have gotten out of most of your clothes... A
small black demi bra that covers nothing is complemented by black thigh-highs
and that devilish grin.

Leaning forward, your hands reach around my head, fumbling with the buckle of
the gag. I am presented with a wonderful view of your breasts. Leaning forward
to help you remove the gag, my weight falls on the plug... Moaning into the gag,
I move my hips down into the bed, massaging... As the gag falls away, you lean
back, laughing...

"So, you like the little toy? I thought you would... You're such a slut. I think
you need something to play with, don't you? Why don't you play with my body for
a while."

I can't disagree, I'm loving every second here with you... You lean forward
again, and your chest is in the perfect position to be worshipped. Straining, I
bring my tongue to your breast, lowly caressing the skin with my mouth. I love
the taste of your skin, the texture of it, everything about touching you is
exciting.

My lips move up towards your nipple, suddenly sucking it into my mouth, swirling
my tongue over the sensitive tip... My eyes raise to your face, looking at the
satisfaction evident in your expression. Nibbling gently and sucking all the
while, I do my best to let you enjoy the feelings I'm giving you.

Moving to the left, my tongue plays across your skin to the other breast, not
wanting you to be uneven in your enjoyment. The minutes fly by as you smile down
at me, and lean back, pulling yourself out of my reach. My mouth opens in the
beginnings of a protest, but you silence me with a hand, filling my mouth with
your fingers. You stand on the mattress, then lower yourself onto my chest.
Sliding forward, you bring your pussy within inches of my face...

"Now, I think we should shift your attention lower, don't you?

Nodding eagerly, I lift my head slightly, trying to reach you.

"Why don't I make this easier babe?" You move further forward still, until you
are positioned just over my mouth.  Parting my lips, my tongue darts out,
licking slowly up and down the soft skin in front of me... Letting yourself down
gently onto my face, you lean back, planting your arms on my abs. Your legs are
around my head, holding me to you.

My tongue starts moving slowly, caressing softly... Licking up and down your
lower lips, focusing for an instant on your clitoris, then moving lower again.
You sigh in contentment, as you've taught me exactly what you like. My tongue
has gotten to be an expert in pleasing you, as it should after so much practice.

In minutes, your hips start to move, pushing yourself onto my tongue, urging me
to go faster... I keep my pace the same, wanting to keep you on this wave for a
while, keep you wanting more. Seconds later your legs clamp down on my head,
pulling me closer still. I have no choice but to focus on your clit, trying to
bring you to orgasm. I apply gentle suction as my tongue swirls in circles,
coaxing you to the edge... Moaning out loud, you pull away, apparently that
orgasm isn't going to happen until later...

Getting up without a word, you walk to the closet, and come back with a small
leather bag. Not quite sure what's inside, I try to rise up to look, but you
push me down with a palm on my chest. Sitting beside me, you pull some of the
contents out and set it on my chest. Two more cuffs, a pair of padlocks, and a
set of clips to attach them to the bed are the first bits out of the bag.

Rising quickly, you move to my legs. I lift one, then the other to facilitate
your fastening them. Our bed is quite large, it has to be to fit us both in it
at night. While you would easily fit in most beds, at six foot three inches I
need a bit more room. The large bed is also wonderful for our purposes too, it's
big enough to cuff me to all the corners without a bit of slack...

With me stretched fairly taught and well secured, you sit on the side of the bed
again. The bag comes out again, and I start to get nervous. Usually our play is
very enjoyable, if slightly painful. I love our bondage and domination play, but
rarely am I pushed to my limits. It's starting to look like I will be today...

You remove from the bag a set of needles, a small bottle of liquid for
disinfecting them, and two silver rings...

I have no piercings. None. I've never even had my ears pierced, not even once. I
have no tattoos, no brands, no large scars to speak of. My body is fairly
'blank' in that sense, and I've never seen cause to change it... My work as an
actor makes it necessary for me not to have too many marks.

It's not that I'm afraid of needles, far from it. I was one of the kids who
stared straight at the long needle the doctor used to give him his vaccines, and
watched the needle push into his arm. Needles don't bother me. It's not that I
don't like pain either. I've broken multiple bones, and had stitches without
anesthetic, and was just fine.

My mind goes into overdrive... 'Where the hell does she think she's going to put
those?' My voice sounds in my head with questions, but in my gut I already know
what is going to happen, and there's nothing I can do about it. The leather
cuffs are thick, the padlocks and rings are strong, the bed is heavy and
unbreakable. I can't stop this...

My mouth opens to protest again, but I am shushed by her voice. You finally
speaks in a voice that leaves no question who is in charge here:

"Baby, there is nothing you can do. You're tied down, completely at my mercy.
You are going to be pierced, whether you like it or not. Now you have two
options. One, you can struggle and make noise, in which case I'll just gag you
and tie you down even more securely than you are now. Two, you can be quiet and
sit still. I promise you, if you agree to number two I'll make it well worth
your while, and this will be an afternoon you'll never forget. Now choose."

There's a second when I'm speechless, and then my brain comes back to reality.
As quickly as I can I say:

"Two please mistress, I choose two."

You smile, and lean down to kiss me... Our tongues meet, and I can almost taste
your excitement. You've wanted to do this for a while, and now it looks as
though you have your chance...

Setting the needles, rings and disinfectant down on the bed next to me, you
kneel between my spread legs. Your hand reaches out and takes my cock in your
hand gently... Slowly stroking me, you look into my eyes, and smile. Still
smiling, you lower your head, your tongue finding its way through your lips and
onto the head of my cock. Swirling your tongue like you were earlier, your lips
close around my shaft, and the ride begins...

Your hand and mouth working in tandem, I feel like I'm being milked, as if you
want to pull every last drop of come out of me... My body jerks as you pull me
deep into your throat, working your muscles and making me moan out loud. You
always know just how to make me crazy...

When you're satisfied that I'm good and hard, you pull off, leaving me very
excited and with no hope of giving myself release... Moaning again, this time in
frustration, I plead with my eyes, begging for you to finish me off. You,
however, have other plans. Rising from between my legs, you move forward and up
until your hips are just over mine. Your hand, still around my shaft, positions
my head at your entrance...

Lowering your hips a fraction of an inch, the very tip of me parts your lips.
This is the worst kind of torture, I can feel how smooth and wet you are, but I
can't push into you any further... I'm completely at your mercy, even more so
than before.

Reaching along my side, your hand finds the bottle of disinfectant. Rubbing it
on my left nipple, you smile at me. You lean forward and kiss me, your tongue
probing my mouth as your hand spreads the cool liquid over my pec...

Your hand leaves my chest, and because of our kisses I can't see what it is
doing. Finally, your mouth pulls from mine, and we look down to my left nipple.
In the interim you've spread the liquid on the needle, disinfecting it as well.
My nipples are hard because of the attention my cock received, and due to the
cold liquid as well. You position the needle at the side of the nipple, and with
your other hand you hold it steady. With smooth motions, you simultaneously
lower your hips onto my cock and push the needle through my skin..

The combination of pain and pleasure is staggering. The feeling of being inside
you, so tight and moist, is incredible. The feeling in my chest, however, is
quite different. The pain is exquisite, and I surprise myself by moaning...
'What is going on here?' I ask myself, 'Why is this so exciting?' I answer my
own question very quickly, I know that I love losing control and watching you do
whatever you please to me...

Slowly you rise off of my cock, only to lower yourself again. The pleasure
mixing with the pain is more exciting than just the sex itself, and I can't help
but like it... Leaning forward again your tongue finds my lips, drawing a circle
across the red flesh, playing with me... When I try and kiss you back, you
retreat. We continue the game as you lower yourself onto me again and again.
You'll only kiss me if I remain passive. My mouth is only for your pleasure, not
mine...

If you've never had a beautiful woman kissing you, exploring your mouth with her
tongue, and not been able to kiss her back, you have no idea how frustrating and
exciting it is... You are being explored, used, and can't respond... A very
sensual feeling.

The pain in my chest is receding, but I feel your arm moving, touching the
needle... Moaning my disapproval, I try to bring my hand to my chest to protect
myself. The cuffs, however, have other ideas, and keep me securely bound... You
take the needle and rotate it between your thumb and forefinger, causing me to
buck and pull at my bonds with the pain. I've never felt anything like this...

One would think that extreme pain would leave a man incapable of sex. Not so, my
friend. My cock seemed to be as hard as iron, expanding to a girth I'd never
seen before, and only rarely seen since. The skin around my shaft was pulled
incredibly taut, and the feelings were incredible. Your hips kept pumping up,
down, up down, and my body was yours to use...

Finally, I try kissing you back, my tongue winding around yours, and you don't
retreat. We enjoy a long kiss as my pain recedes again, and your hips speed up.
Our lovemaking returns to a pattern we both know very well, the slow build to a
spectacular finish. In all the years we've been together, the sex has never
failed to satisfy either of us, simply because we take pleasure in making each
other come...

Using what little leverage I have, I try and push into you with every stroke,
trying to take that little bit of extra pleasure... Our pace quickens again, and
we moan together... I can't feel the pain anymore, only the pleasure of your
skin against mine...

We are getting closer and closer to the edge, our hips moving faster and
faster... You put your hands down next to me for stability, and ride me as hard
as you can. My hips seem to take on a mind of their own, pushing into you with a
force that can only be described as fierce... My hands grab the leather cuffs,
pulling on them, trying to break free... I want to pull the rings out of their
base, roll you over and fuck you till you come...

Suddenly, the moment is there... I start to yell out "I'm coming! Oh god, I'm
coming!" Your hands are a blur, quickly setting the second needle against my
right nipple, and push the metal home just as my cock erupts... Never, never in
my life have I felt such pleasure. The pain seemed to multiply the feelings in
my cock as I pushed load of load of come into you. The spasms seemed like they
would never stop, my hips were a blur...

Slowly, I came back to reality. My energy spent, my nipples pierced,  and the
love of my life still holding me inside of her, I smiled. You threaded the solid
silver rings through me and snap them closed...



I am and was yours, mind, body and soul...



To Be Continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  NSB


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





