BDSM Library - Glimpses of the Island




Glimpses of the Island
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What if there were a place, just like the town over the next hill, but just a little bit different from everywhere else?  What if the residents lived by their own rules, without outside interference?  Three newcomers learn about the Island as they look for a new start in life.Glimpses of the Island   
Prologue   
Isla Del Sur, known simply as the Island to its inhabitants, was first discovered
  in the 16 th  century when a Portuguese merchant ship
  bound for Japan went off course after rounding Africa. Lost in the Indian Ocean,
  the ship stumbled across the uninhabited island group. The captain marked it
  on a chart, refreshed his supplies of food and water, and headed due west,
  eventually finding the African coast, where he continued on his way. Upon his
  return to Portugal the chart of the new discovery was forwarded to the Royal
  Archives and became one more state secret among many. It was lost until the
  19 th  century when a minor clerk checking old archives
  discovered the well-preserved chart with the hand-written notes detailing how
  the islands were found. He immediately recognized the worth in what he had
  found and sold the secret to an English businessman, one of the many who came
  to Portugal each year to buy port wine.  
The islands had no obvious value. The archipelago was too far off any shipping
  lanes to be of use. There were no natural resources to exploit, and the location
  had no strategic or military significance. What it did offer was isolation.
  The largest island, Isla Del Sur, had enough land and fresh water to support
  a settlement. The businessman knew of many dissident groups looking for some
  remote area to colonize and escape repression in modern Victorian society.
  He had bought the location purely on speculation and did manage a modest profit
  when he sold it to the founder of the League to Preserve Tradition.  
The League was a loose organization of people who had not prospered from
  the Industrial Revolution. They managed to raise enough money to buy a ship
  and set sail for their new homeland. Like many great social experiments of
  that era, the hoped for agrarian utopia fell victim to a combination of poor
  planning, infighting and homesickness which resulted in the abandonment of
  the colony after only a few years. Isla Del Sur was uninhabited for nearly
  a century until rediscovered by one of the ancestors of the original League
  members, when going through papers inherited from an estate. This man was also
  a misfit of sorts, but he had the resources and contacts to make better use
  of the Island.  
And so began the modern history of the Island, when a freighter arrived with
  the first of a brand new set of colonists. But these were no ordinary people.
  As with the League so many years ago, they were unhappy with the way modern
  society was evolving and looked for a place of their own, where they could
  escape to a more traditional way of living.  
Over the course of years a small town was built up, along with homes scattered
  across the largest islands. The backers were men of power and influence who
  had access to resources to build a modern infrastructure including electricity,
  water, roads, communications, and commerce. The Island became a vacation and
  retirement community for them, a place where they dictated the law of the land,
  with no outside interference.  
The closed society that grew from their efforts appeared to be a small slice
  of modern life to the untrained eye, but there were some crucial differences.
  The founders were strong powerful men, men who chose to lead rather than follow,
  men who desired and sought out a certain kind of woman, one willingly submissive
  to their authority. As the outside world struggled to erase gender-based roles,
  the Island moved in the opposite direction, striving to preserve the sharply
  delineated positions of man and woman in society.  
With the advent of satellite mapping the existence of the Island could no
  longer be kept secret. The leaders recognized that without some form of national
  sovereignty they could not prevent a land grab by any nation with even a modest
  navy. Isla Del Sur could not remain independent, nor could its unique culture
  be maintained as a territory of any major world power. But the inhabitants
  wielded immense economic power and used that influence to develop alternatives.
  After some internal debate the community sought out and eventually became a
  protectorate of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  
There were no troops, no military bases, and no naval warships to protect
  the Island. Instead there was the much more powerful threat of an oil embargo
  against any belligerent power. And behind that the indirect threat of intervention
  by Saudi allies. The future of the Island culture was secure, and the Saudi
  kingdom benefited from the goodwill of some very powerful newfound friends.
  Technically Isla Del Sur operated under the Saudi legal system, but this presented
  no problem to the inhabitants. A few even joked about how it was too liberal.  
The island group does not appear on maps or atlases. There are no encyclopedia
  entries, tourists are not welcome, and the inhabitants do their best to ensure
  no publicity about their life appears in the outside world. Media stories are
  quietly killed with a few words between friends, or in extreme cases by pressure
  on stock prices. Visitors are few and by invitation only. The only way to get
  to the Island is by sea, and the handful of ships that do go there are owned
  by the residents. It is closed to outsiders and free of the need to answer
  to world public opinion.  
  Best for All Concerned   
"I'm sure you understand the hospital's position, Ms. Driesler." The Human
  Resources supervisor was a typical corporate drone, formally polite and wholly
  insincere. "While the medical review board did not explicitly blame you for
  the tragic mistake, nevertheless you were not cleared of wrongdoing. The attempt
  to shift responsibility to the surgeon did not reflect well on your own credibility.
  Dr. Gallatin has been with us for nearly a decade and has an outstanding reputation
  in the medical community. To suggest he would show up intoxicated for major
  surgery is absurd."  
Elise knew what was coming. The good Doctor Gallatin had been drunk and everyone
  knew it. And no one would admit to it or the hospital would be liable for who
  knew how many botched operations. Easier to sack her, leak her name to the
  press and preserve the status quo. Dr. Gallatin would be quietly transferred
  to teaching and kept far way from treating patients in the future. Meanwhile
  Elise Driesler, R.N., would take the blame for permanently crippling a child  
"I regret to inform you that the hospital trustees have decided to terminate
  your employment contract, effective immediately. We believe it is the best
  course for all concerned. Under the circumstances we cannot provide references.
  I'm sure you understand."  
Elise understood all too well. She had been devoted to Tom Gallatin, right
  up to minute when he had turned on her at the board meeting. She had followed
  his instructions on what to say when she testified; words he had twisted to
  cover up his own mistakes. His reassuring whispers in bed the night before
  had proven to be nothing more than empty words. In hindsight the manipulation
  was obvious.  
The woman across the desk from Elise rambled on about severance pay and insurance.
  Elise tuned it out; nothing mattered now. Her career was ruined. No hospital
  in the country would hire her after the publicity. She could have lived with
  it all if only Tom had been there. But no, Tom had betrayed her to save himself.
  The one person in the world she counted on had thrown her to the wolves to
  save his precious career. No one seemed to understand she would do anything
  for Tom, no matter what he asked. Even Tom didn't appear to appreciate what
  he meant to her.  
"Ms. Driesler?"  
Elise turned her attention back to the personnel exit interviewer. A
      nice euphemism for the hatchet man  , Elise thought to herself. "I'm
      sorry, you were saying?"  
The woman put down the forms in her hands and stared hard at Elise. "Look,
  I'm going to be honest for a minute. I could lose my job over this but you're
  getting a raw deal and everyone knows it."  
Surprised at the woman's bluntness Elise shifted in her chair and gave her
  full attention.  
"Gallatin will never touch a scalpel again. The board was a whitewash; off
  the record the rest of the team made it clear he was drunk. There's no justice
  in you catching the heat for this," the woman shook her head in disgust, "but
  we don't always live in a fair and just world.  
"I can read between the lines here, Elise. You trusted him, and in return
  he set you up. I'm sorry I can't do anything about it, but if you'll allow
  me I would like to put you in contact with someone who understands what happened
  to you, and why."  
She slid a card across the desk. Curious, Elise picked it up. The front had
  a man's name, Clancy Yates, a title of Director of the Facility, and an e-mail
  address. There was no phone number or street address, not even a city. "Facility?
  What kind of facility?"  
"I can't give you any details. Now you have no reason to trust me, but I
  think it would be worth your time to see if Mr. Yates can offer you some options.
  Look, I happen to know this man. He's helped me in the past. There's no connection
  to the hospital; it's just something I want to do to help make the best of
  a bad situation."  
Elise slipped the card into her purse. Why not  , she
  told herself, it's not like I'm going to be doing much in the future  .   
For The Good of the Cause   
Sitting in her New York City apartment Luisa Calvaho read the letter again.
  More than six months of research and investigation, hitting dead ends again
  and again, but now she was on to something. The letter itself was innocuous,
  merely a confirmation of her application followed by the travel details. Not
  like they'd put anything vaguely incriminating in print anyway  ,
  she thought. The letter also represented a moment of truth for Luisa. Could
  she go through with it, knowing the risks? If they found out who she really
  was, and what she was trying to do, they would simply make her disappear. If
  they were powerful enough to suppress all evidence of their existence then
  eliminating a nuisance like her should be trivial.  
They weren't quite as thorough as they would like to believe. It had been
  pure coincidence she had unearthed a journal from the old Victorian era League
  to Preserve Tradition. It had been an unpublished manuscript donated by the
  estate of the great-grandson of one of the original members. The university
  she had been attending had accepted the document as part of a collection of
  papers. Papers apparently left unread until one Saturday afternoon she had
  checked it out and leafed through the pages while researching some other references
  to the donor. The author had been barely literate, one good reason it had never
  been published. It told of the founding of the colony on an Indian Ocean island,
  the initial success and the fast transition to disaster when the missionary
  zeal wore off, to the last days when the colony had been abandoned. Luisa had
  been intrigued by the story and was curious as to the name of the island and
  its status now.  
To her amazement a check of the atlas showed no such place as Isla Del Sur.
  Where the colony ship supposedly landed showed only an empty section of the
  Indian Ocean on modern maps. Drawing ever-widening circles around its charted
  location she found the nearest possible island was Kerguellen, an uninhabitable
  volcanic rock described as hell on earth by the French research teams who rarely
  visited. That couldn't be the spot. It was more than a thousand miles from
  her starting point, much further south, an arctic climate, and it didn't match
  the description from the journal.  
Equipped with research skills as part of her new journalism degree, she went
  looking. An initial search online yielded no links on the internet anywhere,
  not to the Island or the League. She shifted to hardcopy library research,
  and again came up empty-handed. She even enlisted the help of a Brazilian relative
  to translate a letter into Portuguese and sent it to the Portuguese National
  Archives. They had no records of any charts showing a place named Isla Del
  Sur.  
In frustration she began posting requests for any information about the Island
  or League on internet news groups. After a few weeks those posts started to
  disappear. The mystery deepened when she did receive enigmatic replies to her
  requests. Most of them suggested it would be best if she stopped her quest
  and moved on to other areas of interest. But one day that fateful e-mail had
  appeared in her inbox. Phony headers and routing through an anonymous re-mailer
  had left it untraceable. The contents were so amazing she had read it, over
  and over again, all night long.  
Isla Del Sur did exist, the message claimed, but it was kept deliberately
  concealed by powerful and influential interests with ties across the globe.
  The reason for it being hidden was the nature of the society there; a place
  where women were literally enslaved, kept as property by their male owners,
  stripped of dignity and all human rights. The e-mail went on to make sickening
  claims of cruelty and depravity, all protected by the isolation of the Island.
  The descriptions made Afghanistan under Taliban rule sound like a feminist
  paradise in comparison. Luisa was shocked to her core. If the claims were true
  someone had to expose this inhuman travesty to the world, someone like herself.  
The next evening a second e-mail arrived from the same anonymous source.
  This one claimed to hold all the details of what the unnamed author knew of
  the Islands, including possible links to known companies and hints that a recruitment
  program existed. Luisa began to run down the new clues but as the time added
  up she realized she needed help. She had to find a sponsor to fund her research.  
After graduation from college she had made a living by freelancing, doing
  research and writing magazine articles. She approached several of her previous
  employers, but all declined without comment. She met the same resistance when
  she went to other magazines, until one of the smaller lifestyle magazines indicated
  interest. Their willingness to help had surprised her given the strong conservative
  tone of their articles, but she had no other options.  
A week later she met with the magazine's editor. His terms were simple; they
  would fund her investigative work in return for an exclusive. He expressed
  some doubts about the farfetched claims but was willing to take a risk. The
  money was disappointing compared to other work she had done but critical to
  her effort was the expense account and the magazine seemed to be lavish in
  that respect. With no other prospects she had little choice but to reluctantly
  accept.  
All her trails turned cold, except for the list of international companies
  from her internet source. Every one had a squeaky clean record, both in business
  and in how their personnel were treated. None stood out in any way except for
  one, a civil engineering contractor based in Saudi Arabia. They appeared to
  thrive on contracts in areas of the world no one else would dare go. Pipelines
  in western Asia, transmission lines in equatorial Africa, mining in the Andes,
  even a power plant in the heart of riot-torn Indonesia. Yet never a single
  story of any of their engineers or managers being kidnapped or killed. Luisa's
  reporter instinct told her something was missing from the skimpy news articles.  
She looked into the company's published records. It was listed as being privately
  held by a group of Saudi investors, capitalized by oil money. The home office
  was the address of a building in Riyadh. The company claimed modest profits
  and reported a pattern of unremarkable but steady growth. Low key and low profile
  seemed to be its charter. The high-risk projects were ones the established
  corporations would avoid, leaving this company an economic niche with little
  in the way of competition.  
Out of curiosity, and to satisfy a nagging doubt about the references to
  a recruitment program from that e-mail, she wrote to the company to ask about
  a job as a technical writer, using a fictitious name and her post office box.
  The response arrived in the form of a large envelope addressed in both Arabic
  and English; Saudi postage stamps and an Arabic postmark confirmed its origins.  
The cover letter informed her that indeed the company did have openings for
  technical writers to help provide customer documentation for ongoing projects.
  A pamphlet in the envelope showed company locations around the world, though
  there were none in North America, Australia or Europe. Buried in the text around
  the glossy pictures was a note that the company operated facilities in the
  Maldive Islands, and that the employee-training center was located on a private
  island.  
That caught her eye. Luisa had a vague idea that the Maldives were not in
  the Pacific Ocean. A quick check of the map showed they were in the Indian
  Ocean spread along the equator, with the closest countries being India and
  Sri Lanka. Her suspicions rose; it was too much of a coincidence. The Maldives
  even had a link back to Portuguese exploration five hundred years ago, followed
  by a British presence from the 1800s. The location didn't fit too well with
  the League manuscript, but that could be explained by the poor education of
  the original author. Everything else did fit. Luisa was convinced her elusive
  Isla Del Sur had to be one of the numerous islands in the Maldives chain.  
She gathered up all her information, wrote a summary, a proposal for further
  investigation, and then took it to her editor. She knew she had to sell him
  before she could take the next step. Over lunch he went through her summary
  point by point, bringing up other interpretations to her facts, but to Luisa's
  surprise he agreed it looked like a good story. Since he seemed interested
  she pitched her proposal next.  
"You sure about this?" he asked. "Do you realize how dangerous it could be?
  A foreign country, you could be cut off from any kind of help. Don't kid yourself
  about the glamour of undercover reporting. You may see the success stories
  in the big magazines and on TV, but sometimes it goes terribly wrong. You don't
  know what kind of people you might be dealing with." For nearly half an hour
  he lectured her on everything that could possibly go awry.  
Luisa wasn't swayed from her purpose. "I think I'll be safe. If it looks
  like they are getting suspicious then I'll hop on the next plane out of the
  country. I checked; the Maldives are a major Asian tourist area with regular
  schedules. Just be ready to help me escape if I need it, that's all I ask.  
"Look, it's all set up. I can't pass up a chance like this. Who knows how
  many women are off on some island suffering under conditions we can't even
  imagine. I spent four years in college reading about places like this. Women
  and minorities brutally exploited and repressed. I can't sit back and knowingly
  let it continue. We have to stop it!"  
Her editor held up his hands in mock surrender. "Okay, okay, you win. Maybe
  this will be Pulitzer material, but even if it isn't it'll grab the public's
  attention. Now about this false identity, I think the magazine can provide
  some assistance there. A few years back we did a feature on fake passports
  and birth certificates. Some of our sources were shut down, but I know of one
  that can help. That part doesn't go into your story, by the way. And my cousin
  runs a website company; she can provide you with work references. I may be
  able to get you set up with some school records too. Fortunately you are young
  enough not to need a long work history. This won't hold up under close scrutiny
  but it should pass for a simple background check.  
"One thing though. A whole lotta years ago I worked for a big city newspaper.
  We had a wannabe investigative reporter decide he'd go undercover and break
  up a ring of exotic animal smugglers. He did everything right, fake ID, good
  solid references to back up his story, but he did something incredibly stupid.
  He told his girlfriend what he was doing. She talked about it over lunch with
  a friend of hers. That friend told her sister. Someone overheard her. The reporter
  was badly beaten and nearly dead when they dumped him in the street right in
  front of our offices. He quit and went to work selling car parts.  
"Whatever you do, don't give anyone even a hint as to what's happening. If
  you want you can leave addressed letters with a delivery date in our office
  safe, but for your own sake don't leave a word about it anywhere else. I wouldn't
  want you on my conscience."  
Luisa hadn't even thought about it. She had been so focused on finding the
  Island, and now the investigative work, that she hadn't given any real consideration
  to her own safety. The letters sounded like a good idea, she could leave one
  for her aunt. They weren't close but she was the only relative who kept in
  touch. There were no real friends so explanations for her coming disappearance
  weren't required. "Alright, I'd like to leave one envelope with you, though
  I'm not worried. Get the identity set up. I'll send in the application."  
That had been four weeks ago. Today the employment offer had come for one
  Lois Vallardo, unemployed web site designer in New York City, complete with
  salary offer and travel plans if she chose to accept. The salary amount seemed
  absurdly low at first, but the letter pointed out that room and board would
  be provided at company expense, as well as any travel. Plus under reciprocal
  tax treaties there would be no income tax taken out of her pay. Factoring in
  the low cost of living it looked very competitive. Luisa had a fleeting thought
  that if this didn't work out she could just keep the job. In terms of what
  she would keep it paid better than the magazine.  
She sent back a letter accepting the offer along with an open start date.
  A week later a courier delivered plane tickets with an envelope. Inside the
  envelope was a letter with her schedule and an advance for miscellaneous expenses.
  The tickets proved to be a surprise; New York to Madrid, then to Istanbul,
  Victoria in the Seychelle Islands, and finally the city of Male in the Maldive
  Islands. The letter warned her to expect a tropical climate.  
The letter also made a point that the Maldives were an Islamic country, though
  a liberal one tolerant of tourists from the West. She was advised to not bring
  alcohol or non-prescription drugs into the country, to dress conservatively,
  and that it would be considered polite to wear a scarf on her head. The
  first hints of oppression  , Luisa thought, already telling
  me how to look and act  . Still, it was a foreign country; she told
  herself she shouldn't try to judge them by her own values.  
She made a copy of the letter and the tickets and mailed it to the magazine.
  From now on there would be no direct contact. For all intents she had become
  a different person, someone eager to start her job at a new company in a far
  off exotic land. She looked at the name on her passport, Lois Vallardo. That's
  the only name she answered to now. There would be no more Luisa Calvaho until
  she returned. Her editor would be her lifeline, the only one in the whole world
  who knew her secret. And when she did come back, she would destroy the Island
  of the South, Isla Del Sur.  
Personal Meeting   
"Dr. Jaffe? Your 4 p.m. appointment is here." The voice on the intercom was
  the office receptionist.  
Ben Jaffe checked the clock on his desk, five minutes early. Isla Del Sur
  might be a sub-tropical island but the stereotype about ignoring the clock
  didn't apply, something Ben appreciated. For the most part people were prompt
  for appointments.  
He clicked on the intercom and answered the receptionist. "Thanks, Annie,
  I'll be right out." Checking his desk he picked up an open folder of patient
  records, closed it and put it in his out box. He was scrupulous about confidentiality
  but in this case it was more of an excuse to take a few seconds to compose
  his thoughts before greeting his caller. He was accustomed to being the consulting
  physician but not so comfortable when asking for help.  
His visitor stood as Ben opened the door to the reception room. "Mr. Yates?
  Ben Jaffe," he introduced himself while offering his hand.  
"Clancy Yates, pleased to meet you Dr. Jaffe. I hope I'm not taking you away
  from anything important?" The two men shook hands.  
"Not at all, I'm off duty now. Please come in." Ben gestured for Mr. Yates
  to enter his office. "Have a seat."  
Sitting down Clancy began the conversation. "As I explained over the phone
  this meeting is a follow-up to your initial inquiry last week. I like to have
  a personal, face to face get together to clear up any misconceptions as to
  how the Facility operates. To start, why don't you give me some idea of what
  you know about our service and what led you to call on us?"  
Ben leaned back in his chair and regarded the man in front of him. The question
  was direct, even blunt. It deserved a similar response.  
"I've been a resident of the Island for several years. I was recruited for
  the position of chief surgeon in our small hospital here to help fill the shortage
  of medical expertise. It's an ongoing problem, as I'm sure you're aware. I'm
  originally from Indiana, but I did my residency in Haifa, while serving in
  the Israeli Defense Forces. You might say I'm someone who believes in the importance
  of principles and traditions. That's what brought me here." He paused to reach
  for the intercom. "Would you like something to drink?"  
"Thanks no, but help yourself. You learned about the Facility after moving
  here?"  
Ben decided to pass on a last cup of coffee. "Yes, as part of the overall
  history of the place, along with the other alternatives like the regular ownership
  program and the corporate apprenticeships. I looked at all the options before
  settling on the Facility. I must say you don't seem to garner the same degree
  of respect as other programs."  
Clancy laughed. "As in we turn out brainwashed sex slaves?" He held up his
  hands as Ben started to protest. "I've heard it before. I think you're an intelligent
  man, Dr. Jaffe. That's not what you'd be looking for, would it now?"  
Ben shook his head. "I outgrew adolescence some time ago. These days I'd
  prefer to find a lifetime partner, one who can tolerate my personality. That's
  not such an easy task. From what I've read about the Facility, and there doesn't
  seem to be much, your approach might be the solution to my problem."  
Clancy picked up on Ben's last words. "Problem? How would you describe your
  problem?"  
Ben smiled, that was an easy one to answer. "I'm a pretty good doctor, Mr.
  Yates. As a military trauma surgeon in Israel, I've had more experience than
  anyone outside of an inner city American hospital. When someone comes in with
  a gunshot wound or shrapnel from a bomb every second counts. I save lives,
  but to do it I need to run the show. I depend on my team following my orders
  to the letter. I'm a dictator, to make it simple.  
"And I like it that way. I'm not a tyrant. I listen to those who know more
  than I do. I respect the talents of the people who work for me. But I don't
  apologize for who and what I am. There is a cost though. I tend to be the proverbial
  bull in the china shop outside the operating room. Between my lack of the social
  graces and my brusque reputation I have little opportunity to find a lady who
  might tolerate me."  
"That's what brought you to the Island?" Clancy nodded in understanding.  
"Exactly. I thought I'd find my peer group here. To some extent I have, at
  least in the sense that I'm not ostracized for political incorrectness. What
  has not worked out is finding the right someone. When I have a medical case
  I can't figure out, I call in a specialist to consult. I'm not well equipped
  to solve this problem. I think you can help."  
In the seven years he had been the director for the Facility, Clancy Yates
  had learned from experience how to spot the pretenders and predators. In every
  case there were two factors he looked for: patience, or lack of it, and a willingness
  to speak plainly and honestly. He could tell Ben Jaffe didn't try to hide behind
  some grand philosophical principle or overtly selfless dedication. Clancy could
  trust someone who was honestly selfish to act in a predictable fashion; it
  was the self-proclaimed Good Samaritan who concealed his hidden motives that
  set off alarms.  
"As you are aware Dr. Jaffe," Clancy paused, the key question coming up, "the
  women who graduate from Facility training are what might be considered at the
  extreme end of the submissive spectrum, even by Island standards. For them
  no ordinary masters will do. Tell me, why do you think you should deserve to
  own one of these women?"  
Ben leaned forward, resting his arms on the desktop. "Because I can do it,
  Mr. Yates," he answered, never wavering as he looked Clancy straight in the
  eye. "I know where my own obligations lie. I've been around long enough to
  learn privilege is balanced by responsibility. I want the privilege; in return
  I'm willing to expend the effort to earn it."  
"Good intentions are admirable, Doctor, but we ask for something a bit more
  solid. To start, we require an extensive background investigation. We will
  find where you have your skeletons buried. There will be tough questions you
  will answer to my personal satisfaction. No lawyers, no legal proceedings,
  and no appeals. If we find inconsistencies or deliberate deception there will
  be no second chances. Do you have a problem with that?"  
Nearly a third of the men withdrew once they found out their background would
  be scrutinized. Another third tried to bluff it through and hope the real dirt
  wouldn't be uncovered. Clancy hired the best; no one had yet fooled his team.
  But he was sure Dr. Jaffe would be in that final one third. There might be
  something in his past, but he wouldn't conceal it.  
"No, no problem. I assume you would want the same basic information as a
  security clearance? As a starting point I can provide you with an updated version
  of the data I had to supply to the IDF, that's the Israeli military. E-mail
  okay?"  
"Thank you, Doctor, I'd appreciate it. The e-mail address is on my card.
  I can convert most any common file format. Naturally, we will have some additional
  questions." Clancy was being polite. In fact he had already obtained an abbreviated
  copy of Dr. Jaffe's records from his own sources in Tel Aviv. Chances were
  he knew more of what was in those papers than the good doctor. Some of the
  commendations were handwritten, by names he recognized from their frequent
  appearance in history books and on the news.  
"One last point, Doctor. You do understand we ask for a lengthy commitment.
  We have a special dispensation to bypass normal Island procedures. The ownership
  agreement we offer has no trial period, no cutoff date, and no restrictions.
  You will go directly to an unrestricted lifetime agreement. You will be the
  only one allowed to modify the terms." Clancy paused in order to emphasize
  his last comment. "And you should know, she will accept the agreement sight
  unseen. Just as she will be required to accept you."  
That was the one requirement that seemed to draw the most disapproval. Women
  graduated from the Facility by being chosen. They went directly into a lifetime
  ownership without an opportunity to refuse. The suitability of a man to be
  her master was determined solely by a committee at the Facility. Ben had thought
  no woman would willingly submit herself to those conditions but, to his surprise,
  found the Facility did not lack for applicants.  
"So how does this work, Mr. Yates? You show me a book and I pick someone
  out?"  
Clancy shook his head. He knew Ben's question wasn't serious. "You would
  be surprised, Doctor, at how many men think it's just that easy. I don't run
  a brothel service.  
"How it works is like this. We get to know you, what kind of a man you are,
  how you think, what you expect from life, and the special someone who will
  share that life with you. We want to be sure you will treat her right and take
  care of her properly. We know what she needs to be happy and content in her
  new life; it's up to you to convince us you can fulfill those needs. If you
  don't measure up then I'll bid you good day and perhaps suggest an alternative."  
"Let's say I do convince you, Mr. Yates." Ben leaned forward. "And it's you
  in particular, isn't it? Does anyone pass without your own personal stamp of
  approval?"  
Clancy nodded his head in agreement. "Very perceptive, Doctor. The answer
  is no. There are others involved in the process but the final word is mine.
  No potential master comes to the Facility, and no woman leaves, unless I'm
  satisfied. I put my own reputation on the line every single time, so you can
  understand I do the most thorough job I can.  
"It may interest you to know my own wife is a graduate of the Facility. I
  don't bother with the nonsense of being impartial or uninvolved. Every woman
  who comes through the gates of the Facility trusts me, me personally, to deliver
  what I've promised them. I represent their interests first, not yours, to be
  clear about it. I fight for what I believe in, Doctor, I do whatever it takes.
  I think that's something you can understand."  
Ben studied the man sitting on the other side of the desk. This Clancy Yates
  had passion in his beliefs, confidence in his abilities, and no doubts as to
  the rightness of his cause. "Indeed I do understand, Mr. Director. On the Lebanese
  border and in the streets of Beirut I fought for what I believe in too. Today
  I fight to keep the people on the Island healthy and in good repair." He showed
  a wry smile, one corner of his mouth upturned. "I too intend to do whatever
  it takes to find and keep that special someone, as you put it."  
The combination of name and Irish accent, and the man's odd phrasing, suddenly
  struck home with Ben. "Out of curiosity, Mr. Yates, would you happen to be
  from Ireland?"  
Clancy's face went blank as he answered with a crisp, "Yes."  
"Would it be too personal to ask what part?" Ben was sure he knew who Clancy
  was, not specifically but what might have been in his past.  
"I was born in 'Derry, but I grew up on a farm in County Armagh. Right on
  the border with the Republic."  
Armagh  , every bit as dangerous a place as the villages
  of southern Lebanon; Ben was certain now Clancy's remark about fighting wasn't
  some allegorical reference. During the so-called Troubles Armagh was so dangerous
  British troops couldn't even use roads but had to fly in and out of bases by
  helicopter. Mr. Yates did indeed fight for his causes. From the expression
  on his face, Ben could tell it was a past he didn't care to discuss.  
"Enough about me, Dr. Jaffe. I'm here to find out about you. You seem to
  have definite ideas as to what you are looking for. Could you speak to some
  of them?"  
Ben had expected the question and was well prepared with his answer. "As
  you might expect I come from a Jewish background. Orthodox family, though I
  can't say I'm very observant. My ideal would be a woman who would be comfortable
  in the type of role described in what we call the halakha  ,
  Jewish law. Now she doesn't have to be Jewish, but she should be at ease in
  that environment. We would have separate roles, hers primarily one of homemaker.  
"And I'd have to add in one additional requirement. There's a Hebrew word
  for it, tznius  , essentially an internal attitude that
  affects the outer appearance. A modest dress and a pleasant manner, and I'd
  add appropriate obedience, should reflect her attitude. I don't want someone
  who puts on a show; she must believe the life she is to lead is right and proper
  for her."  
 "Nothing unreasonable there, Doctor. I confess my knowledge of Judaism is
  limited, but I'll see to it that omission is remedied by the time we next meet.
  In any case I think I understand what you're seeking, and I believe the Facility
  can provide some excellent candidates for your consideration."  
Clancy stood up, ending the meeting. "Thank you for your time, Dr. Jaffe.
  I'll be in touch in a few days with some additional details. And some questions." The
  two men shook hands and Clancy turned to the door. Just before he opened it
  he turned back to Ben. "You know Ben, I think we are not so very different.
  Just a first impression, but if I'm right, and I usually am," both men laughed, "then
  you will find that special someone. I did, from the same source, and I've never
  had occasion to regret taking home my Siobhan."  
"Since we're both accustomed to being right, let's hope we never disagree
  on anything important. Thanks&hellip;Clancy." Ben watched him leave.  
Orientation   
Elise waited in her stateroom while the other passengers left the ship. Just
  before docking the steward had brought a message from the captain, asking that
  she remain in her room until someone came to escort her ashore. The voyage
  from the Seychelle Islands had been uneventful. The captain and crew had been
  polite but distant. The captain had personally taken the time to apologize
  for the conditions but explained it was required for those who were en route
  to the Facility.  
From the porthole in her cabin she could see parts of the city nearest the
  port. She didn't recognize any of the scenery, but that wasn't a surprise.
  Elise knew little about this part of the world. She was sure it was an island,
  since they had been heading south and east into the Indian Ocean, but she had
  no idea of its location, or even the name of the place. All she did know is
  that the mysterious Facility was located somewhere nearby.  
Not that she knew much about the Facility either, other than what she had
  been told in the letter. The moment she had come aboard the ships' purser had
  taken her to see the captain. He had been very specific in telling her not
  to discuss the Facility with the other passengers, or to divulge anything about
  her own history. Elise still had an uneasy feeling that she was acting rashly,
  perhaps even risking her life. To abandon everything and everyone, and then
  travel halfway around the world sounded foolish at best. Every night she had
  gone over what she had done, but here she was anyway.  
The one suitcase looked forlorn sitting by the door of her cabin. The contents
  represented all that was left of her past. The promise of the Facility was
  a brand new and radically different life; a chance to start over. The conditions
  they demanded should have scared her away immediately. Instead she had signed
  up, left her apartment in California, and sold or gave away virtually everything
  she owned.  
No one knew she had taken the flight to Africa, or boarded the ship in the
  Seychelles to some unknown island. No one would miss her either. Whatever happened
  she would be on her own. After three months she missed her job at the hospital,
  but she knew that chapter in her life's story was closed.  
At the sound of a polite knock she jumped up and opened the cabin door. Standing
  in the corridor was the ship's purser, with a crewman behind him. "Good afternoon
  Ms. Driesler. Might I trouble you to accompany me ashore? There is a car waiting.
  This man will take your bag." He picked up her suitcase and handed it to the
  crewman.  
Elise grabbed her purse off the bed and stepped out into the hallway. "I
  have my passport here. Do we go through Customs first? I was told a visa wasn't
  required."  
The officer, she remembered he had introduced himself as Ahmed, only one
  name, shook his head. "We have no real Customs here. You would not have been
  allowed on the ship unless you were expected. Your passport will not be necessary.
  The car at dockside will take you directly to the Facility. If you would follow
  me?" He spoke flawless English, but she could tell it was not his native language.  
Having gone through several Customs gates as she flew across Europe and then
  on to Africa the prospect of avoiding surly bureaucrats pawing through her
  bag was a pleasant relief. Ahmed led her down through the interior of the ship
  to a large open hatch in the side where crewmen were unloading crates. They
  stopped to allow Elise and the officer to pass through the cargo hatch and
  go ashore. Ahmed pointed out a car parked nearby on the dock.  
Once the driver caught sight of the approaching party he got out and walked
  to the rear of the car where he opened the trunk. The crewman trailing them
  put her luggage inside. The driver left the trunk lid up when he came around
  to open the rear door for Elise.  
She turned to thank Ahmed for his courtesy. She noticed a brief flash of
  some odd emotion, almost an expression of sadness, cross his face as he wished
  her well. She got into the car but the driver didn't close the door immediately.  
"Excuse me, Ms. Driesler, but I must ask that you leave your purse with your
  other belongings in the trunk. It is Facility policy." He held out his hand.  
Elise hesitated, but she had been warned in the letter that she was to have
  nothing in her possession when she entered the Facility grounds. She picked
  up her handbag and held it out to the driver.  
"I'm sorry, but you have a watch on your wrist. Could you place it in your
  purse? The earrings too, if you would?" The driver was polite but she could
  tell he would be insistent. She set her purse on her lap, slipped off the wristwatch
  and removed her jewelry. Dropping them in a side pocket she handed the purse
  back to the driver again. This time he took it and closed her door. Watching
  from the rear window she saw him place her purse in the trunk before he shut
  the lid.  
The driver, who did not give his name, got in but did not start right away.
  He glanced back at her first and asked her to put on her seat belt, explaining
  that it was required. The moment she fastened it the car took off.  
"Our drive time will be about 45 minutes, including a ferry ride. I apologize
  in advance for not answering any of your questions, but again it is Facility
  policy. There will be an orientation meeting as soon as you arrive. Please
  hold your questions till then. Welcome to Isla Del Sur." Those were the last
  words he spoke.  
The trip was interesting for Elise as she did get to see a short glimpse
  of the Island from the car window. Isla del Sur  , at
  least she knew the name of the place now. By appearance it could be any modern
  country. The buildings were a mix of classic and new designs, most of the cars
  late models, though the makes were unfamiliar. She didn't see anyone close
  up since they were on some sort of expressway, with walls or trees used for
  noise abatement blocking most of her view of the town.  
At one point they stopped to board a ferry. Once the boat was in the channel
  she could see open sea on either side. Apparently the Facility was on a separate
  island. It took the ferry about fifteen minutes to reach their destination.
  Elise noticed her car was the only one to disembark. She could see the ferry
  pull back into the channel from the rear window as they drove off the pier.  
From the ferry landing it was a short trip along a paved road to a complex
  of buildings. They went through an open gate into a large garage attached to
  what she assumed was the main section. The driver got out and opened her door.
  Elise noticed he did not retrieve her things from the trunk.  
The moment she got out of the car a door at the rear of the garage opened,
  and a man in uniform came out. "Ms. Driesler? Elise Driesler?" At Elise's nod
  he continued. "Would you come with me, please?" He held open the interior door
  for her.  
She stopped in the doorway and turned back, pointing to the car. "I have
  some luggage&hellip;" she began.  
The man cut her off. "Don't be concerned. They will be taken care of. Please,
  others are waiting." He gestured for her to precede him through the door. There
  was a trace of some accent in his otherwise perfect English.  
Elise had a mental image of the ominous sounding Facility as some kind of
  giant hulking monster of a Victorian era prison, with massive brick walls and
  barred windows. The real appearance was more of a large sprawling manor house,
  varying between three and four stories high, and smaller buildings arranged
  around it in a semicircle. There were no barbed wire fences, high walls, or
  guard towers anywhere. Judging by the few men she'd met so far courtesy and
  a professional attitude seemed to be the corporate culture, a far cry from
  the bullying inbred stereotypes she associated with institutions. There had
  been more than a few of those self-important types at the hospital. Perhaps
  she hadn't made a rash decision after all.  
Her escort stopped at the door to a small conference room and held it open
  for her. "Please wait inside," he told her. He shut the door behind her, after
  she went in.  
There were three other women in the room when Elise entered. All three were
  sitting around a long table. Pulling out a chair she sat down to wait. Perhaps
  this was to be the orientation lecture for new arrivals. The other three looked
  to be nervous too.  
She must have been the last one expected for no sooner had she sat down than
  another woman came in. Elise knew at once this woman must be part of the staff,
  primarily because of the metal ring around her neck. It was no piece of decorative
  jewelry but a profound statement of who she was. Elise stared at the woman's
  collar, fascinated by the kind of life it represented. She wore what Elise
  assumed to be the standard uniform for the female staff, a beige colored sleeveless
  blouse and a maroon skirt. The name Mrs. Yates  was stitched
  on her blouse.  
The woman went to the head of the table but did not sit down. At first she
  said nothing, silently staring at each of the newcomers as they sat watching
  her. Elise jumped when Mrs. Yates, assuming that was her name, suddenly slapped
  her hands on the tabletop. "All of you, stand up right now!" The four of them
  leaped to their feet. "No one gave you permission to sit down!" she shouted
  at them. "Line up against the back wall, quickly." Elise and the others nearly
  ran to the rear of the room.  
The woman picked up a chair and dropped it in front of them. She sat down,
  folded her arms and began to lecture. "My job this afternoon is to prepare
  you for life at the Facility. That's what we call this place. It's the only
  name you will use. My name is Mrs. Yates. All staff will be addressed by last
  name only. In here you will use your first name. Only  your
  first name." She held up a hand as one of the other woman started to ask a
  question.  
"Quiet! Stand there and pay attention to what I tell you. Don't any of you
  understand what you've gotten into here? It all comes down to one single word. Obedience  .
  You are here to learn it, to live it, to offer it to the one special man who
  will someday come to claim you. Your training starts now, this very minute.
  You will be told when you may ask questions; until then you wait."  
She stood up and walked up and down the line, looking at each woman. "I once
  stood in the exact same spot you do now. I know what you are thinking. I know
  what you will face in the coming months. I had all the same questions running
  around in my head that you want to ask now." Her voice dropped, so low Elise
  could barely hear her. "You came here out of desperation, searching for some
  way to put your lives back in order and perhaps even find some small measure
  of happiness. I'm here to tell you it will happen. Every one of you will complete
  the program here, and every single one of you will find her master. That's
  a promise.  
"How do I know? Because none of you will leave here until you are
      done with your training  ! That's a guarantee, whether you like
      it or not. There is no quitting. You can't just walk out the door. Get
      it in your heads now; there is only one way, our way. The men who run this
      Facility aren't going to let you give up and run away; no matter how much
      you beg or plead, you are here until you finish. So don't even bother to
      ask."  
Mrs. Yates' words weren't a shock to Elise. She knew once she entered the
  building it would be her last act of free will. More than once it had been
  made painfully clear in the material she'd received that she would be incarcerated
  for an indefinite period of time. Attendance is mandatory until such
  time as the review panel concludes to its satisfaction that you have met all
  the goals of the training program  . Those were the exact words
  in the letter. The precise nature of those goals, or even who made up the review
  panel, was not explained.  
Elise turned her attention back to Mrs. Yates. "You will learn to reorient
  your thinking if you want to succeed here. To start, assume everything is forbidden
  unless you are granted permission. I saw numerous violations when I walked
  into this room. First off, you were sitting down. Chairs are a privilege; you
  stand until invited to sit. Next, you were talking. That is a privilege as
  well, one you will lose if you repeat that mistake.  
"And finally you did not stand when I came in the room. As a sign of respect
  for authority you will stand whenever a man enters the room, or any member
  of the female staff, including me. All men will be addressed as sir  unless
  you are told otherwise. For female staff you will use either Ms. or Mrs. and
  last name, never first name. See this?" She pointed to the name on her blouse. "Use
  that name. That's how you will know someone is not a trainee. Trainees, that's
  you, are allowed to use first names only, no exceptions. You do not have a
  last name here. Don't use it."  
Just like that  , Elise thought, no more Elise
      Driesler, now I'm inmate Elise  . Not that she missed the old
      Elise right now. With a tinge of anxiety she realized she might wish for
      the old life after a few more days.  
Mrs. Yates continued. "There will be a multitude of rules and restrictions.
  You will learn every one by heart. I can tell you now not to try making up
  excuses. No one will listen or care. Results are all that matter. You will
  be told where to go, what to do, and when to stop. Your days will be planned
  for you. Someone else will decide what time you wake up, when and what you
  eat, when you work, when you study, when you go to bed. You will be taught
  how to behave, what to say, and what to think. You will learn patience, and
  you will learn the high cost of a short temper and ill-considered words.  
"And once you have learned all that, you will discover something else. Right
  now it sounds strict, even cruel, and brutally uncaring of your feelings. But
  there will come a time when you see it in retrospect as something else. Harsh,
  yes&hellip;but fulfilling too.  
"There is a certain type of woman, and I count myself as one, who thrives
  on discipline. Not some threat of punishment, but a discipline based on a hierarchy
  of authority. I need someone to impose order in my life. You see this collar?" She
  ran a hand along the metal band close around her throat. "It was put there
  by the man who owns me. I would do anything for him. He doesn't hesitate in
  taking advantage of it either. That's not some silly romantic notion. It's
  reality; I live it every day.  
"Each one of you will wear one of these someday. When that time will come
  depends on how much effort you are willing to invest. Be certain of one thing
  though. You will not be given the opportunity to be lazy. Good enough  is
  not good enough. You will be held to a higher standard.  
"There is a simple working policy here. You are granted privileges, but in
  turn there are obligations tied to those privileges. Fail in your responsibilities
  and you lose those privileges. You don't have a  right  to
  anything.  
"In a moment you will be taken to another room and there you will be issued
  your uniform. I'm sure you recall from the enrollment terms that you are not
  allowed any personal possessions during your stay here. That includes your
  clothes. Starting today this place will determine what you need and provide
  it when appropriate."  
Mrs. Yates paused for a moment, looking at each newcomer in the group. "Now
  you can ask questions. One each, so think about it. We'll start on the right." She
  pointed to the woman at the right end of the line.  
She was a small, dark skinned woman. "You said we have no rights. Are there
  no laws in this place?"  
Mrs. Yates answered quickly. "Yes, we have laws. None of them protect you.
  The laws of Isla Del Sur allow the Facility to act as the management deems
  appropriate. There is no oversight, no complaint board, no appeal. If you think
  that's unfair, too bad. Live with it."  
The next question was about meeting men. Mrs. Yates was blunt in her answer. " You  don't
  meet anyone. When you have completed the training to the satisfaction of the
  review committee, then and only then a possible master will be selected for
  you. The Facility accepts applications from carefully screened men who must
  then fulfill certain prerequisites before they are allowed access to information
  about the trainees. They will decide if they wish to interview you."  
The woman standing next to Elise followed up. "What do you mean, an interview?
  What if I don't like him?"  
"The two of you meet. He asks you questions. If he decides you are the right
  one, then you belong to him. If you don't think you can get along then you
  tell him in the interview. It's up to him what happens after that. You don't
  get to say no."  
The other women seem surprised to hear it put so plainly. Elise had read
  the offer carefully before she signed up. No choice meant precisely that. There
  had been nothing ambiguous in the wording. Being handed over to a complete
  stranger she could accept. She had another concern.  
"What if none of the men want me?" Elise was sure she could never compete
  with the other women at the Facility.  
Mrs. Yates stared at Elise for a long moment before putting a hand on her
  arm. "That won't happen. No matter what you may think of yourself now, provided
  you are sincere in learning what the Facility offers, you will find yourself
  the object of someone's attention. This place has a certain reputation, one
  which draws the highest quality men to apply for consideration. There has never
  been a single instance of someone completing the training that is not subsequently
  chosen. That's why we can guarantee success.  
"That's the last question. Before we go you will ensure this room is in proper
  order. You," Elise was surprised when the instructor singled her out, "you
  will return all the chairs around the table to their proper place. Do it now."  
And so it starts  , Elise thought. At first she simply
  pushed the chair in against the table, but one glance at Mrs. Yates told her
  she was missing something. Proper place, that's got to be the key
  to what's lacking.  Elise backed up and looked at the chair in front
  of her. The carpet, there were marks where the chairs had been sitting earlier.
  Carefully she aligned each chair to the pattern in the floor. She went around
  the table and adjusted every one, even those the women had not used earlier.
  Only one chair was left, the one Mrs. Yates had been using. Elise stood next
  to it but did not touch it. She said learn patience, and assume nothing,
  so I'd better wait before taking the chair.   
Mrs. Yates stared at her in silence. Did I do the right thing?  Elise
  asked herself.  
"See this?" Mrs. Yates pointed to Elise. "Did you notice what she did? I
  hope so, because you are going to have a hard time if you don't get it. It
  is not enough to be a robot and blindly obey. You are a person with a brain.
  Think about what you are told to do. She didn't just push in the chairs; she
  made sure they lined up correctly. Details are important.  
"Put this chair away too. You did well." It wasn't much in the way of praise,
  but Elise appreciated it. "Back in line." Elise rejoined the group.  
"This was your first lesson. It is not enough to simply react. You must excel
  in the small details as well as the greater. Try to put something of yourself
  in everything you do. Think first, but trust your instincts. Your master wants
  to see your personality. Don't ever forget that.  
"Now listen carefully. We are going leave this room in single file. The last
  one will close the door. No talking, and keep your eyes forward at all times.
  Stay in line, keep to the right, and don't look around. This isn't a sightseeing
  tour. The corridor should be empty, but if anyone comes by, and I mean anyone,
  you will stop and stand with your back to the wall, eyes lowered, hands at
  your side. And stand still; do not fidget. I'll tell you when we can proceed.
  If a man stops us, do exactly what he tells you no matter what it is. Don't
  look at me; he'll be the one in charge. If he asks you a question, answer in
  a respectful tone of voice. And for God's sake don't forget the sir.  "  
Mrs. Yates opened the door and checked the hallway before motioning Elise,
  closest to her, to follow. The rest of the group trailed behind. In the hall
  Mrs. Yates paused for a moment to make sure the last woman in line closed the
  door. Their short trip proved uneventful. No one was in the hall, and no one
  opened a door to look out. The hallway looked like a million other office building
  or hotel corridors. Elise was tempted to take one peek over her shoulder but
  decided it wouldn't be a good idea. With her luck it would be exactly the same
  time Mrs. Yates turned around.  
Their destination proved to be a locker room. The floor was concrete; the
  walls were painted an unattractive grey. Scattered around the room were several
  tables with cardboard boxes underneath them. "Each of you go to one of the
  tables," Mrs. Yates ordered. "There you will remove all your clothing, and
  I mean everything, fold each item neatly and place it in the box. When you
  finish you should have nothing on but what you were born with. After everyone
  is done you will be issued regulation uniforms. From now on, you will wear
  only the clothing supplied by the Facility." Mrs. Yates stood by the hallway
  door as they began.  
Elise stepped out of her shoes first. From the corner of her eye she could
  see the rest of the group was reluctant to begin as well. I have
  to do this  , she told herself. She took a deep breath, closed her
  eyes for a second, and then began unbuttoning her blouse. She dropped it on
  the table and followed in a moment with her slacks. She noticed the others
  were watching her. Great, now I'm a role model too.  That
  left only her underwear.  
Stalling for time she folded up the pants and blouse and placed them in the
  box. I shouldn't have done that  , Elise realized. If
  my future master were watching he'd want me to take it all off first.  She
  reached behind her back and undid the hook of her bra. The pantyhose were the
  last item to come off. She packed away the rest of her garments in the box,
  shoes on top. The other three women were still undressing. Finished, she turned
  to look at Mrs. Yates to see what she should do next.  
Elise wanted to shrink and hide when she saw the way Mrs. Yates was staring
  at her. She saw it too  , Elise thought, why
  doesn't she say something? I made a mistake  .  
Siobhan Yates did notice Elise's hesitation, but at this early stage it would
  easily be corrected with a quiet word later. This one is going to
  catch on quick  , Siobhan told herself. If she can overcome
  her inhibitions she will go far. I hope she finds herself a Clancy Yates like
  I did. Too bad she isn't Irish or I'd mention her to Clancy's brother.  She
  checked the progress of the rest of the women. All of them could do well, or
  the Facility wouldn't have accepted them. She didn't envy them the next few
  months though. How many times did I cry myself to sleep?  These
  days, with Clancy next to her in bed, the crying represented tears of joy.  
"All of you, your attention." It was time for her to get back to work. "I'll
  issue your uniforms now. Each of you pick up your box." Mrs. Yates headed for
  the stockroom as they gathered up their boxes.  
"Line up in front of the counter. Stop on this line." Elise looked down and
  saw a white line painted on the concrete floor. "You will wait here for your
  turn. When I call you come to the counter where you will exchange the box for
  your uniform." Mrs. Yates went behind the counter and took out a clipboard.
  Elise could see racks and shelves of clothing. The concrete floor was cold
  on her bare feet.  
Elise suppressed a shiver. She was self-conscious about standing in line
  in the nude. Comparing herself to the group it looked like the other women
  could be models. She thought she could be a model too, except it would be the
  cover girl for Plain Jane Monthly  . Mrs. Yates seemed
  to be taking her time.  
"We're ready to start," Mrs. Yates said, placing the clipboard on the counter. "The
  procedure will be as follows: one at a time you will step forward. Place your
  box on the counter and state your name. I will give you one uniform, which
  you will put on to check for fit. If it's too big or small I'll hand you another
  one. When I'm satisfied you will put the uniform back on the hanger and take
  it with you when you go back to the end of the line. You will hold the hangar
  in your left hand. First in line, step forward."  
Elise walked to the counter and stood in front of Mrs. Yates. "Elise Dreisler."  
Mrs. Yates frowned. "That's not acceptable. Hold out the box in front of
  you, with both hands." Puzzled at what she had done wrong, Elise took hold
  of the box in both hands and held it out, her arms straight. "Now keep holding
  the box that way while you go to the end of the line." A surprised Elise walked
  back to stand behind the other women. "First, I told you to drop your last
  name. Never use it unless one of the staff asks for a last name. Only use your
  first name from now on. Get used to it.  
"Second, you failed to address me properly. The proper response should have
  been your name, followed by mine to indicate you are answering me. Next in
  line, step forward and state your name."  
The box wasn't heavy but by the time Else made it back to the counter her
  arms were aching from the strain. Mrs. Yates made her wait, still holding the
  box above the counter, while she searched the uniforms for Elise's size.  
"Put the box down and try this on. Sign your name, your first  name,
  on the clipboard." Elise did as Mrs. Yates instructed. After checking the fit
  she put the uniform back on the hanger, as the women in front of her had done. "Join
  the rest," Mrs. Yates gestured to the line behind Elise.  
The four of them stood in line, each holding a hangar in her left hand. Mrs.
  Yates didn't even look up while she filled out the forms they had signed. Only
  after she had finished, read it over, and then placed the clipboard under the
  counter did she return her attention to the four women waiting for her. "You
  may dress now. Place the hangar on the counter when you finish. Quickly, I
  don't have all day, and we have much to do."  
Siobhan watched the group of women, looking for subtle hints about their
  personalities. They had started out well. Not a single one had protested over
  the uniform. The procedure was deliberately contrived to be a test of their
  patience and commitment. It's just a taste of what's coming  ,
  she thought to herself.  
Flight Interrupted   
The plane touched down at the international airport in Victoria right on
  schedule. The airline was some Turkish regional carrier with a name Luisa couldn't
  even pronounce, but the stewardess spoke English and the plane did arrive on
  time. This would be the last layover before the Maldives. Victoria, the capital
  city of the Seychelle Islands, was also located in the Indian Ocean, and judging
  by the number and accents of fellow passengers it was a popular tourist spot
  for Europeans. She had four hours here before catching the next and final leg
  of her flight. It had been a long day, more than sixteen hours just to get
  this far. Luisa was tired from traveling and jet lag. First thing after getting
  into the airport at the Maldives capital city of Male would be to locate the
  company campus and find out where she would be living. The beaches could wait
  for a day.  
Customs were fast, polite, and efficient. One look at her passport followed
  by instructions on how to find her departure gate took no more than a few moments.
  With her luggage in tow she walked through the concourse looking for a restaurant
  to have lunch. At a place that advertised they would take euros or dollars
  she ordered a salad for lunch. Because of the time change it was only noon
  locally. Traveling east she would lose a few more hours on the way to the Maldives.
  By her calculations she would be in time for supper.  
As she finished her meal she was surprised to hear her name being called
  over the loudspeaker. It was a request that she proceed to the business desk
  for the airline listed on the remaining ticket. The announcement was repeated
  in French. She asked the cashier for directions before heading down the airport
  concourse toward the ticket counters.  
Being a small airport she had no trouble finding the airline's counter. When
  she told the woman behind the counter her name, the ticket agent gestured to
  a man standing at the end of the counter. Luisa turned to face him.  
"Good afternoon mademoiselle  , please allow me to introduce
  myself. My name is Henri Mustapha, a local travel agent. Your company makes
  use of my services to handle employee bookings here in the Seychelles. As I'm
  sure you are aware, you are scheduled to fly to Les Isles Maldives  later
  today. I regret to inform you the flight has been cancelled due to a fire this
  morning at the international airport in Male. There has been some damage to
  the tower and navigation systems. Estimates are that it may be several days
  before the airport is reopened."  
Luisa was taken aback at the news. Thinking quickly, it seemed she might
  be able to stay at a hotel until she could resume her journey. She would have
  to retrieve her luggage from the airline. She started to ask the travel agent,
  but he continued before she could speak.  
"When your company was notified I was immediately contacted and asked to
  make other arrangements for you. Through inquiries I have determined that a
  ship is departing later this day, the destination to be the same island as
  the company's training center, which I am told is where you are expected. Now
  I must inform you the ship is a freighter, not a passenger liner, but they
  do carry a small number of passengers on a routine basis and have very comfortable
  private cabins. The crossing time should be no more than four days. The ship
  is of Saudi Arabian registry so you may be confident of its safety. I have
  taken the liberty of reserving a cabin for you, but if for any reason you would
  prefer to wait until the airport reopens, however long that may be, then of
  course I will instead arrange for a hotel here in Victoria."  
Luisa was charmed by the travel agent's accent and appearance. In another
  age he would have been the stereotypical colonial French planter. She didn't
  like the idea of waiting. It could take weeks instead of days. This was the
  tropics; work traditionally went at a slower pace along the equator. It would
  be a substantial expense for the company to pay her hotel bill too. If she
  refused it would leave a bad impression about her, as someone who was uncooperative.  
The ship didn't sound that bad anyway. She had been on a cruise ship once
  way back in high school, on a trip with her parents. It might be fun to sail
  the ocean on a tramp steamer, like the old movies. She had a fleeting vision
  of herself as Mary Astor in Across the Pacific  , romanced
  by Humphrey Bogart while sinister foreign spies like Peter Lorre lurked in
  the background. The travel agent could almost pass for Sidney Greenstreet if
  he'd had an English accent. "I would be happy to continue on the ship, Mr.
  Mustapha. I'd like to thank your for your efforts. I don't know what I would
  have done stranded here without your help."  
"My gratitude for your kind words, mademoiselle  . Your
  employer is very influential and highly respected among our far-flung islands
  here in the Indian Ocean. It has been my privilege for many years now to make
  certain their employees always have a safe, enjoyable, and uneventful trip
  while passing through our little corner of paradise." He stopped to glance
  at his wristwatch. "Then it is settled. Allow me to retrieve your luggage before
  we depart. Afterward I will drive you to the port and see that everything is
  in order. We have a little time, might I suggest the scenic route to the harbor?"  
Without waiting for her reply he turned to the ticket counter and spoke rapidly
  in French. The woman made a phone call to someone else in that same rapid French
  patois. Luisa's knowledge of French dated back to a single year in grade school;
  far too little to even follow along with the conversation. She wasn't even
  sure it was the European flavor of French they were speaking.  
" Bien  ." Henri concluded his conversation with the
  ticket agent and turned back to Luisa. "All is arranged. If you would accompany
  me to the baggage area? You must identify your things, and then we can be on
  our way."  
After she picked out her luggage he carried the bags out to his car. True
  to his word he took the long way around, a drive through the town and along
  the shore, all the while carrying on with a non-stop travelogue. When they
  arrived at the port later that afternoon, he drove right up to the ship. Luisa
  had imagined it would be a leaky rust bucket barely kept afloat, but docked
  at the pier was a modern ship with no tell-tale signs of poor maintenance.
  She recognized the green Saudi flag flying from a mast. At the stern was the
  name of the ship, in English and Arabic, the Salsa Mahar  .
  When she tried to pronounce it, the travel agent translated.  
"I think the owners make a joke. The name, it is the extract of soybeans.
  Perhaps they carry many tons of beans to some part of the world. If you would
  excuse me for a moment, I will check on your passage."  
Luisa laughed. Sailing off on the good ship Soy Sauce  would
  be a story in itself. Mr. Mustapha parked the car close to a gangway, got out,
  and approached a crewman standing watch. She waited while the men exchanged
  a few words, the agent showed him some papers, and then apparently the matter
  was settled as the crewman took a radio handset from his belt and spoke into
  it. The travel agent returned to the car, stopping to open the trunk and then
  Luisa's door.  
"All in order. The ship's purser will be along in one moment to conduct you
  to your cabin. He will inform you of safety procedures, meal schedules, and
  the facilities on the ship. If you have questions please speak up at any time." He
  held out his hand to assist her out of the car. Standing up, she saw a uniformed
  officer and a crewman exiting the gangway. The officer pointed to her bags
  and said something in what sounded like Arabic. The crewman nodded and picked
  them up.  
"Welcome aboard the Salsa  , ma'am. May I introduce
  myself? I am Ahmed, ship's purser and part-time guide for our passengers. If
  you would follow me, I'll show you to your cabin. We cast off in about an hour.
  Henri, good to see you again, perhaps we will have that dinner on my next port
  call?" His English was perfect but definitely not his native language. From
  his appearance and the accent she guessed Indian or Pakistani.  
Luisa thanked the travel agent once again, and after the two men shook hands
  she followed the purser up the ramp into the ship. The d&eacute;cor was decidedly
  function over form. Pipes and conduits lined the corridor walls, all with arcane
  engineering labels. Quite a contrast to the cruise ship Luisa had been on.
  Still it was clean and organized, if not up to luxury liner standards.  
Ahmed took her through several corridors to the passenger section. There
  were six cabins, and not all occupied judging from the open doors and empty
  rooms. This was definitely not a cruise ship. Her cabin was small but it did
  have a private shower and toilet. There was even a porthole on one bulkhead. "It
  is customary for the passengers to dine with the ship's officers, ma'am. A
  crewman will deliver the schedule once we are at sea, along with the safety
  instructions. Feel free to take a walk outside anytime but please be careful
  of working areas. We also ask that you let an officer know if you are on deck
  after dark, for safety reasons. We have a small passenger lounge with modest
  entertainment facilities. I believe you will have three traveling companions
  on this trip. Now if you will excuse me, I must see to my duties before the
  ship leaves port." Ahmed tipped his hat and left.  
Out the porthole she could see the sun on the horizon. Being so close to
  the equator made for a short sunset. She could hear loud mechanical sounds,
  and soon felt the vibration of the engines as the ship prepared to leave the
  dock. As much as she would have liked to watch the departure, the long travel
  time in the air and close proximity of a soft bed were too much to resist.
  Luisa went right to sleep.  
Luisa awoke at sunrise. A look out her porthole verified they were at sea.
  On the floor in front of her door was a slip of paper. Picking it up, she discovered
  it was the promised dining schedule. On the interior wall of the cabin was
  a small clock embedded in the wall. That must be ship's time  ,
  she thought. She had about an hour before breakfast, enough time to shower
  and take a short walk.  
Thirty minutes later she was closing her cabin door from the outside. English
  signs on the corridor wall directed her to the lounge, officer's mess, and
  outside hatches. Taking note of the directions she headed outside.  
The sky was a bright cloudless blue. There was a cool morning breeze and
  calm seas. Luisa strolled along the deck, heading toward the stern. Where there
  would be a pool or tennis courts on a cruise ship, here were covered cargo
  holds and stacks of shipping containers. A crewman working next to one of the
  holds noticed her and nodded. She smiled back and kept going. Near the stern
  was a small observation deck with chairs and tables. It being early in the
  morning she was surprised to see an older man sitting in one of the chairs
  reading some papers. As she approached he noticed her, put the papers in a
  briefcase, and stood up to greet her.  
"Good morning, my name is John Leeds. You must be one of the other passengers?"  
Luisa introduced herself, using her working alias. She sat down next to him,
  gazing out at the wake of the ship. "A beautiful day," Luisa began, "I'm just
  getting a little air before breakfast."  

"Time change for me, I woke up too early." John continued, "I'm on my way
  home after an assignment in the States, along with a short field trip to the
  Congo."  
"Africa? It must be interesting work. This is something of a detour for me.
  I was supposed to catch a plane to the Maldives yesterday, but there was a
  problem. I was lucky this ship was headed in the right direction. I'm going
  to be attending a training school as part of my new job."  
She noticed a puzzled look on his face. "The Maldive Islands? What company
  do you work for?" he asked.  
"Gulf-Indian Civil Engineering Group, GICEG for short. Have you heard of
  it?"  
"Indeed I have. I'm one of those civil engineers. I work across the street
  from the training school That's in the main building downtown. I shouldn't
  be too surprised at the coincidence. After all, everyone on the ship is headed
  for the same place."  
Luisa was puzzled by his cryptic comment, but it might be an opportunity
  to learn about the company, maybe even pick up something on the rumors. This
  man, probably American by the accent, could very well be one of the people
  she wanted to expose. "Have you lived in the Maldives long?" she asked.  
"The Maldives? Oh no, never been there." He pointed at the rising sun off
  to the port side of the ship. "We're at the equator, sunrise is due east. The
  Maldives are in that direction, stretched out along the equator. Our bearing
  is south by east."  
Luisa looked at the sun. He was right. They were heading the wrong way.  
"GICEG's training facility isn't in the Maldives, that's only the port the
  company uses for air travel. We're headed to the Island, you know, Isla Del
  Sur. No airport, the only way to get to the Island is by ship." He stopped
  to check his watch. "It's about time for breakfast, would you like to go up
  to the officer's mess now?"  
Isla Del Sur!  Luisa was able to conceal her shocked
  expression by standing and turning away. She was headed to the Island that
  didn't exist. Dumb  , she told herself, of course
  there wouldn't be regular scheduled air service to a mythical land  .
  She turned back to John. "Could you lead the way? I haven't had a chance to
  explore yet."  
On the way Luisa made small talk but inside her mind was in turmoil. Why
  hadn't Henri the travel agent told her where the ship was headed? Had he even
  told her the truth about the airport fire? It could have easily been a ruse
  to divert her to the ship. But why bother if she would have boarded a ship
  in the Maldives anyway? The only difference was no one knew she was on this
  ship except Henri. The plane tickets said something different, and if someone
  who looked like her had used those tickets then anyone trying to trace her
  whereabouts wouldn't even be close to the truth.  
Up until the minute John had mentioned their destination she still had doubts
  the Island really existed. Those doubts were gone now, but new concerns demanded
  her attention. Her idea about hopping on a plane and flying off unannounced
  once she had her story wasn't going to happen. She had a cold feeling that
  she might be in over her head, as the words of warning from her editor came
  back to her. These people were very smart and very thorough. Luisa realized
  she had no idea what awaited her, no clue as to how she would get back to civilization,
  and she was already past the point of no return.  
A Private Room   
The Facility had a dining room where all the meals were served. Mrs. Yates
  had been replaced by another staff member who explained the rules for mealtime.
  Standing in line Elise went over them again. While in line there was to be
  no idle conversation but after being seated she could talk to her table companions
  only. She could pick out her food from the buffet style serving trays, but
  a guard would take her to a table and assign a seat to her. Then she had to
  ask the guard for permission to begin eating. And when she was finished she
  had to raise her hand to signal the guard and ask for permission to take her
  tray back to the cleanup window. The whole procedure seemed overly elaborate.
  While waiting her turn she watched the protocol in action.  
The guards were all men, and easily identified by their uniforms. They looked
  intimidating, an impression Mrs. Yates had been quick to reinforce. "Under
  island law you have no rights," Mrs. Yates had begun. "You are wards of the
  Facility, subject to the rules and regulations of the institution. You are
  legally obligated to obey the guards, no matter what their orders may be. Remember
  that. If you are disobedient or act inappropriately, you will be punished.
  If you try to run away the guards will bring you right back. And even if you
  can elude them, there's no way to get off the Island."  
Elise didn't notice the mirrored glass windows high up on the wall at the
  rear of the dining room. Hidden behind it Clancy Yates leaned back in his chair,
  arms folded, watching the evening meal progress below. Siobhan Yates knelt
  on a cushion at his side while they watched the new arrivals lining up for
  dinner.  
"That's her, the one who just came in and is standing at the end of the line." Siobhan
  was careful not to move as she spoke.  
Clancy unfolded his arms and leaned forward. "You think she has some special
  potential? I read over her file again. You wouldn't be playing at being the
  matchmaker, would you now?" Idly he reached out and rubbed the back of her
  neck, his fingers tracing random patterns around the collar.  
"Yes sir, I would. And you know the one I have in mind. She has the right
  attitude. Once she gets the training to bring out what's already inside her,
  and I don't think it will take long, she would be the perfect fit."  
From experience Clancy knew Siobhan's first impressions almost always proved
  to be correct. Still, he had to make the final call. He preferred to back up
  Siobhan with his own observations. In the reflection from the window he could
  see her scrutinizing the new arrival. She was under strict orders not to move
  while she knelt at his side.  
"Holidays are coming up Mrs. Yates, what would you say to a trip back to
  the old country? Does your brother still run that pub in Sligo? It's been more
  than a few years since we last called on him. We could start in Dublin and
  motor whichever way the wind blows. Wouldn't you like to see some of the old
  places?"  
Siobhan spun around to look at him. "Clancy Yates, don't tell me you intend
  to cross the border to Armagh! It's too dangerous!"  
"There's an amnesty, don't you know? Besides, my name never appeared on any
  official enquiry list." He grabbed her hair and jerked her head back to face
  the window. "I don't recall giving you permission to move. You know better,
  my dear Siobhan. Mind your position."  
Swiftly she assumed her posture of submission again. "Please forgive me,
  sir. No excuse."  
"See that it doesn't happen again. Don't worry; I intend to stay in the south.
  Remember that night we walked hand in hand along the river? The Liffy is still
  there, waiting for us. But that's a ways off, for now let's see why you think
  this Elise will stand out."  
Down below Elise finally reached the head of the waiting line. A woman stood
  next to a stack of trays. As soon as a guard nodded to her she picked up the
  top tray and handed it to Elise. "The souffl&eacute; is pretty good tonight.
  I had some earlier."  
"Thanks," Elise replied. She was hungry and the smell of the food was tantalizing.
  She picked out a salad, a plate of the souffl&eacute;, and a small slice of
  pie for dessert. She finished with a glass of milk and a slice of bread. Nervously
  she approached the guard, tray in hand.  
Here goes  , she thought. "Good evening, sir. May I
  be allowed to sit at a table?" That was the formula request they had been taught
  less than an hour ago.  
She expected him to lead her to the next empty table but instead he stared
  at her. "New aren't you? I haven't seen you before. What's your name?"  
"Elise, sir, I arrived today." She almost added her last name but caught
  herself just in time. Mrs. Yates object lesson from earlier in the day would
  ensure she never made that mistake again.  
"Follow me, Elise." He turned and headed for a table where one woman was
  sitting alone. Elise trailed behind, careful to stay close but not on his heels.
  Not once did he look back to see if she was behind him. He doesn't
  have to check  , she told herself, I better be there or
  else  . He pulled out a chair across from the lone woman, who had
  stopped eating when she saw him approach. Elise noted how she sat very still,
  hands in her lap and eyes down. "This will be your place this evening." He
  pushed in the chair as she sat down.  
"Thank you, sir." Elise straightened her tray but didn't pick up the fork.
  It was a requirement that the tray had to line up with the edge of the table. "Sir?
  May I have permission to eat?" If he said no she would go hungry tonight.  
Mrs. Yates had told them never to assume an answer. "Sometimes they will
  tell you no, and not offer an explanation. If that happens you thank them and
  sit there. You do not touch the food. And don't think it won't happen. I went
  to bed without supper more than once. When you ask, be sincere. At the Facility
  asking for permission is never a rhetorical question."  
This time she wouldn't go hungry. "Help yourself," he answered. "Just wave
  at me when you're done, or if you need to get up for something. And take your
  time. A meal should be a space in the day's routine to relax." He smiled at
  Elise and went back to his post by the serving line. She turned to watch him
  leave.  
"Hi, my name is Jamie. Is this your first day? I've been here a few months
  and haven't seen you around before."  
Elise turned back to her table companion for dinner. "I'm Elise. Yeah, I
  started today." She lowered her voice and gestured with her head at the guard
  who had escorted her. "Did I do okay? I'm really nervous. There's so much to
  remember."  
"If you had made a mistake you'd have known in seconds. I wasn't paying attention
  before you approached but just now you did well. Don't worry; in time it becomes
  second nature. You won't even think about it." Jamie took a bite of her dinner.  
Elise took a sip of her milk and began eating. Were there rules
      about talking to others like herself?  There must be. She asked
      Jamie about it.  
"Rules? Of course! There's a rule for anything you can think of. It's mostly
  common sense and courtesy. You can volunteer information about your past but
  don't ever ask about anyone else's history. Never use a last name, but you
  know that one already. Don't mention dates unless it's several years ago. Above
  all, stop whatever you are doing if one of the men looks like he's heading
  this way. They get your undivided attention." While Jamie was talking Elise
  noticed she looked away every so often. "I watch your back, you watch behind
  me. Put your fork down and put your hands in your lap, that's the signal. I'll
  do the same."  
Elise nodded in agreement. "What do I look for?"  
"If you see one of the guards heading directly toward the table, say within,
  umm, fifteen feet away? You get a feel for it. If you think he's headed for
  you, stop and wait. No harm if he goes on by. But if you ignore him," Jamie
  paused, "well, just don't do it."  
Elise changed the subject. "What do you think of the Facility? Would you
  still come here, if you knew then what you know now? I must have changed my
  mind thirty times."  
Jamie stopped, fork in midair, as she pondered the question. "Yes&hellip;.I
  think I would. I lived on the Island before signing up with the Facility, so
  I had some idea of what it would be like." She stopped, looking at Elise. "Do
  you know much about the Island? Isla del Sur? If I'm being nosy say so."  
Elise shook her head. "No, I came here from California. I've never been to
  the Island before. You mean where the ship docked, don't you?"  
"That's the main island. The Facility is on a separate island, by itself.
  My boyfriend introduced me to the Island and its unique lifestyle. He was going
  to be my master. We went through the ownership program, and then decided to
  try the one year agreement." Jamie smiled in a wistful manner. "I was in heaven.
  I wore his collar; I belonged  to him. And best of all
  everyone knew it."  
The use of past tense wasn't lost on Elise. Something had gone wrong, or
  Jamie wouldn't be sitting across the table from her now. But as much as Elise
  wanted to ask, that would be prying. Jamie had to volunteer it. She cut off
  a corner of the souffl&eacute; and continued to eat, all the while listening
  attentively to Jamie. And she didn't forget to watch for nearby guards either.  
Jamie took a sip of her tea and continued. "It was exactly the kind of life
  I wanted, but it wasn't for Jimmy. He left on a business trip to Europe. I
  got a letter a week later, telling me he couldn't be my master. The keys to
  my collar were inside. He never came back to the Island."  
Elise put a hand to her mouth. "That must have been horrible! And you didn't
  have any idea?"  
Jamie shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe there were signs, but I didn't see them.
  I fell apart when I got the letter. I must have cried all day. Then I got scared.
  I'm not supposed to ever have the keys to my collar. I didn't know what to
  do. The police might even arrest me if they found out."  
Elise was puzzled at Jamie's comment about the police but didn't ask about
  it. The island must have some odd laws. "What did you do? How did you wind
  up here?"  
"I finally got up enough courage to call my neighbor. We were friends, though
  not close. Her husband came right over and took charge. He contacted someone
  in the Island's administration who deals with situations like mine. He also
  took the keys for my collar. That night I slept on their couch. The next day
  a woman came out from an island agency and explained my options."  
Jamie stopped when she saw Elise perk up. Immediately Jamie put her fork
  down. "Sorry," Elise said, "false alarm. He was seating someone else. What
  were your choices?"  
"Don't sweat the false alarms. You'll develop an instinct for it. Given my
  status I had three ways to go. First, I could leave. Jimmy had posted a bond
  to pay travel costs for anywhere in the world. There was no guarantee I could
  ever come back to the Island.  
"Second, I could stay and go to work for one of the local companies. There
  is an apprenticeship program. Basically you are supervised by the company until
  someone claims you. The program wasn't really what I wanted, but it sounded
  like the only way to stay.  
"When I asked if there were any other options the woman hesitated but finally
  told me about the Facility. There was an opening available, though I'd have
  to apply and be accepted. Then she explained how the Facility worked. You know
  the conditions. Frankly it scared me. But I thought about it, and what a failure
  I'd been at picking my own master. Maybe someone else might do a better job.
  So here I am."  
In the office Clancy switched off the audio. "You arranged for her to sit
  with Jamie?" he asked Siobhan, still kneeling next to him.  
"Yes, sir. I checked the schedule. Mike was supervising dinner this evening
  so I stopped by and asked a favor before he started. Was that okay? "  
Normally Clancy would have allowed her to stand up by now but he had decided
  to extend her time on the cushion in response to her breaking position earlier. "Yes,
  that's fine. I trust your discretion." He hit the button to close the blinds
  and cover the window. "I think that's enough for now. You may stand. Let's
  take a short stroll across the grounds." He stood up and held out a hand to
  her. Graceful as ever, she took hold of his hand as she stood.  
"Clancy? You caught me off guard for a moment. I remember your story about
  crossing the border that night, dodging both the Gaurda  and
  the British patrols. I don't want you going back there ever again. It's just
  that I don't want to lose you to the Troubles."  
He pulled her close and wrapped his arms around her. "Not to worry, lass.
  Those days are gone. This is my home now, not Armagh." He looked down at her,
  suddenly drawing her up into a passionate kiss.  
"What you should worry about is your complacency," he whispered in her ear
  while he held her tight. "I'll not stand for any disobedience. Just because
  you are the Director's wife doesn't earn you a special dispensation. Tomorrow
  you will demonstrate to my satisfaction you have not forgotten how to properly
  kneel in the presence of your master. Now, let's go watch the sun set."  
In the dining room Elise and Jamie continued their meal, unaware they had
  been observed from above. Elise was probing Jamie about the Facility. "Do you
  have a hard time with all the restrictions and protocols, like the part about
  asking permission?"  
Jamie paused for a moment, considering Elise's question. "I did at first.
  Ask to stand up, ask to sit down, ask to leave the room; I thought it was ridiculous.
  I'm an adult, not a small child. The island isn't like this place. The men
  there don't go to the extremes of the Facility. I couldn't understand the point
  of it all."  
Elise nodded. "Exactly! What am I supposed to learn by asking a stranger
  if he approves of me eating a meal? I'm not going to be group property, at
  the beck and call of every guy in the place."  
Jamie grimaced. "Well, technically you are  at the beck
  and call of every man here, as you put it. The Facility is male domination
  carried to an extreme. It's not meant to represent what life will be like on
  the Island though. It has another purpose."  
"So when I get to the main island I'm not going to be ordered around by every
  man on the street?"  
Jamie laughed, nearly spilling her drink. "Oh no, it's not like that at all.
  You serve one master. There are certain standards for behavior, but nothing
  like what we go through here. No, the purpose of this place is to test your
  resolve as much as to teach you what it means to be submissive in a world where
  it's taken seriously."  
Elise, finished with dessert, carefully placed her fork on the tray. In a
  moment she would signal for the guard, but before she left she wanted to ask
  Jamie about something that had piqued her curiosity. "My resolve? What do you
  mean?"  
"You consider yourself a submissive female, someone who wants a relationship
  with a strong dominant male?" Elise nodded as Jamie continued. "Okay, that's
  obvious or you wouldn't be here. But, can you live the reality as well as the
  fantasy? Can you really turn over your life to some guy? Can you trust him
  when you have no idea if he's right or not? You're going to find out, because
  the Facility turns fantasy into fact. You don't have a choice, remember? They
  are going to make you confront what's really inside you, and there's nothing
  you can do to stop them. If you can make it here you'll have the answers to
  those questions."  
No one had ever explained it in quite such blunt terms. Elise stared across
  the table, hesitant to ask the obvious question. "What about you, Jamie? Did
  you find the answers to those questions?"  
Jamie didn't turn away. Instead she answered in a quiet but confident tone
  of voice. "Yes I have, Elise. I will sit here until a man tells me I can leave.
  I will go to sleep tonight when a man gives me permission to go to my room.
  In the morning I will put on the clothes a man orders me to wear, and carefully
  listen to what he wishes to teach me. And one day the right someone will tell
  me to come home with him. When it happens I'll go with him, happily, willingly,
  obediently, and I'll do my best to be his companion for a lifetime. That's
  what I've learned about myself."  
Elise was quiet, deep in thought as she pondered Jamie's words. Would she
  too one day find that peace? Just what would the facility teach her about herself?
  She had the feeling that she would soon find out.  
History Lesson   
When the ship entered the harbor, before docking, a crewman had brought a
  message from the ship's purser, Ahmed, stating that Luisa's company had arranged
  transportation at the port and requested her to remain in her stateroom until
  he called. The crewman had taken her luggage. Luisa nervously sat on the edge
  of the bed, worried that she had been discovered, that somehow she had revealed
  her real identity while on the voyage from the Seychelles to the Island. A
  bump and then silence as the ship's engines shut down told her they had docked,
  but no one came to her door immediately. She was so wrapped up in disaster
  scenarios that when the polite knock on her door came about fifteen minutes
  later it made her jump. She got up and opened the door immediately.  
Ahmed and another man were waiting in the corridor. "My apologies for the
  delay, Miss Vallardo. Ship's business, always busy when docking, I'm sure you
  understand." Luisa nodded, afraid to say anything. "May I introduce Mr. Rupert
  Townsend? Mr. Townsend is a representative of your company."  
"Please to meet you, Mr. Townsend." Luisa extended her hand. To her surprise
  rather than shaking hands Mr. Townsend merely held it and gave a small, polite
  formal bow.  
"May I say I'm delighted to meet you, Miss Vallardo?" He had a definite Australian
  accent. "If you are ready it would be my pleasure to escort you to our corporate
  headquarters. There are a few formalities that need to be addressed before
  you settle in. I have a car waiting." He stood back and gestured for her to
  precede him.  
No uniformed police, no accusations, no demands that she explain her presence
  on the Island. It looks like I've pulled it off  , Luisa
  told herself. "Thank you, Mr. Townsend, I'm ready. About my bags? And what
  about Customs? I have my passport here in my purse."  
"Not to worry, it's all been taken care of. We don't have Customs here on
  the Island, and you don't require a passport. Right this way, if you would
  please follow me?"  
The apparent laxness of the Island's entry procedures was puzzling to Luisa.
  For a place that seemed to value its secrecy so highly there appeared to be
  little in the way of security. Mr. Townsend must have been on the ship before
  since he knew precisely where to find the exit hatch that opened onto the dock.
  They wound their way through the lower part of the ship, but sandwiched with
  Townsend in front of her and Ahmed behind, she didn't have an opportunity to
  see much except empty corridors and a cargo hold packed with crates.  
Leaving the ship was as simple as walking down a ramp from the open cargo
  doors to the pier. As promised a car was parked just beyond the cargo unloading
  area. Luisa didn't recognize the make. Before she could reach for a car door,
  Mr. Townsend opened the rear door for her. She could see a driver inside. Ahmed
  said his goodbyes and headed back to the ship.  
The drive into town was uneventful. Sitting next to her Mr. Townsend pointed
  out various buildings and facilities on the Island. To Luisa it could have
  been a city in Florida or southern California. They left the highway and drove
  through downtown streets until they reached headquarters, easily identified
  by the large company logo on the side of the building. The car drove down a
  ramp to the basement-parking garage and pulled into a reserved parking space
  next to an elevator.  
"I'm sorry to rush you," Mr. Townsend apologized as he led her to the elevator
  door, "but it's late in the afternoon and there are some people waiting to
  meet you." He held open the elevator door for her and punched a button when
  they got in.  
Luisa started to ask him about the company, but he cut her off immediately. "Again
  my apologies, and I don't mean to be rude, but someone else will answer all
  your questions. We have certain procedures to follow."  
Exiting the elevator he led her to an office at the end of the corridor.
  Luisa noticed several women, either passing them in the hallway or through
  an open office door, all dressed in what looked to be a uniform. Mr. Townsend
  discretely knocked on a door marked "Conference" before opening it. Inside
  was a table, with three chairs arranged on one side. Two women were seated
  on either side of the central seat. On the other side of the table was a single
  armless chair. Mr. Townsend pulled it out and asked Luisa to sit down. He took
  his place across from her.  
"First, I'd like to welcome you to the Island and to the company. Allow me
  to introduce Mrs. Dornier, who also works for the company, and Mrs. Leeds from
  the Island's government. I'm sure you have many questions but if you could
  hold off for a moment perhaps we can answer some of the obvious ones. Mrs.
  Leeds?"  
The woman on his left began. "Good afternoon, Miss Vallardo. My name is Anna
  Leeds, one of the members appointed to your oversight board." The woman speaking
  to Luisa was formal in manner and appearance, businesslike in every way. Every
  way but one, and that was a jarring reminder to Luisa, now Lois Vallardo, that
  she was in a place with very different rules. The once crucial difference,
  and the one she couldn't help but stare at, was the unmistakable metal collar
  around Anna Leeds neck.  
"I'm from the Island's immigration agency, sort of an official greeter. I'd
  like to go over with you some legal details about your employment contract." Anna
  continued, "as the letter containing the job offer explained, you have accepted
  a position in this company's apprentice training program."  
Luisa nodded in agreement. "That's right, as a technical writer."  
Anna frowned at the interruption but continued, "You are correct. However,
  you may not be aware of the Island's laws pertaining to your position. I see
  you are from New York. Tell me, do you know much about the history of New England
  and the upstate New York area in the early 1800's?"  
The question didn't seem to make any sense to Luisa. How did American history
  have any bearing on her job? "I'm sorry, but no, I only had the minimum in
  history at school. Excuse me, but I don't see the relevance. I wasn't aware
  a technical writer had to be a historian as well."  
Anna smiled as she shook her head. "No, no, it was just a casual question.
  I asked as certain events back then have shaped current island policy. Let
  me explain.  
"In the early days of the Industrial Revolution, the northeast US was the
  center of the textile industry in America. Automation in the form of water
  wheel powered looms was changing a largely rural area. One of the problems
  the mill owners ran into was a severe labor shortage. They simply could not
  hire enough men to keep up production.  
"What could they do? There was an explosion in demand for their products.
  Sales were being lost to Britain because they couldn't keep up with demand.
  Finally the mills resorted to what had been the unthinkable up to then; they
  recruited farm girls, young women who would normally never be employed outside
  the farm.  
"Now keep in mind what it was like then," Anna continued. "Women did not
  work in factories. They married and lived on their husband's farm. That was
  the only way for a proper young lady to fit into society. Parents would never
  allow their daughters to work in the mills.  
"So the mill owners, desperate for workers, set up a social system that concerned
  parents would accept. The companies built and operated dormitories, saw to
  it the women stayed in at night, received a good education in the social graces
  and went to church on Sunday. In effect the company took charge of their lives
  until they married and left the mill."  
The history lesson wasn't inspiring Luisa. What Anna had described sounded
  like paternalism at its worst. Luisa could make her own decisions about her
  life; she didn't need someone else to tell her what was acceptable.  
Seeing there were no questions Anna continued. "And that brings us to the
  present. Here on the Island the company training programs, such as the one
  you signed up for, are structured much the same as those old textile mills.
  Your time will be closely monitored by designated company supervisors, such
  as Mrs. Dornier." Anna nodded toward the other woman facing Luisa. "Under island
  law you are required to submit to their authority and follow the set of rules
  for trainees." Anna slid a small book across the table to Luisa. "In here are
  the essentials you need to know." She put her hand on top of it before Luisa
  could pick it up. "I want to stress that what is in here is a legal mandate.
  It's the law, not just a bunch of suggestions. Read it, and learn what's in
  there.  
"To misuse an old movie line, you are not in Kansas anymore. The social structure
  on the Island is not what you are used to back home. Don't let the similarities
  fool you. Here we all have well-defined roles. It is up to you to learn how
  best to fit into that role. The company will help, but in the end it is your
  responsibility."  
Luisa had never been to Kansas, but she recognized the reference to The
      Wizard of Oz  . In a way it felt like she was a Dorothy who
      had been picked up by a tornado and dumped in a dream world. Unfortunately,
      it wasn't a fantasy she shared with the rest of the Island's inhabitants.
      With some trepidation she picked up the book and opened it.  
It was every bit as bad as she had feared. Uniforms, supervised free time,
  permission required for even the most trivial matters. She wasn't even allowed
  to leave the building on her own. Whoever had written the book must have come
  from a military school, and a school for twelve year olds at that. It might
  have been reasonable two hundred years ago, but not today. "Look, I'm an adult." Luisa
  threw the book down on the table. "I don't see why I have to do any of this.
  Why wasn't I told before I accepted the job?" She almost bit her tongue as
  the angry words came out. She was here to investigate, not get kicked out on
  the first day.  
Anna slid the book back toward her and stood up. "Now you look. I don't know
  how or why you came here, but that's irrelevant now. I don't care if you find
  it acceptable or not, and neither will anyone else. This manual," Anna tapped
  her finger on the cover, "is the word you live by from this moment on. Get
  it through your head right now  ; someone else sets the
  rules for us. You better show some respect for those in authority. The sooner
  you do the better off you'll be."  
Anna sat back down. "Sorry, I get carried away. Things like this are very
  important to me. I didn't mean to snap at you. You're new here and there are
  so many things you don't understand yet. Please, read the book. You really
  don't have a choice, you know. The contract is for a year. You have to stay
  on the Island until it expires."  
And there it was  , Luisa thought, the words
      I really didn't want to hear. I can't leave. I can't just walk away. It
      doesn't look like I'm going to escape or be rescued either  .
      She picked up the book again, resigned to reading it but determined to
      do as little as possible.  
Anna nodded in approval. "Good. Now, a few points first. This is all covered
  in there but you need to know it right away. First, do not leave the building
  unless you are being escorted. That's very important. If you are caught outside
  on your own you'll be in serious trouble. Same for insubordination, do as you
  are told and don't mouth off.  
"And always remember where you are, Lois. This is Isla Del Sur. The men are
  in charge, that's the reason women like us come here. There's no ambiguity
  about it." Anna touched the collar around her throat. "I know it's hard to
  adjust, but be patient and work at it. Who knows, maybe one day you'll find
  the man you want to call master."  
It'll be a cold day when some man gets me to wear one of those
      things  , Luisa vowed.  
As soon as Anna stopped talking Mr. Townsend spoke up. "Thank you, Anna.
  I must stress the importance of what Mrs. Leeds has covered, Miss Vallardo.
  The company aggressively complies in full with all island regulations, as spelled
  out in that book. Mrs. Dornier will see you to your room and explain your schedule
  for the next few days. I would ask that you see her about any daily concerns
  that may come up. If you feel the situation warrants you may request a meeting
  with your entire oversight board, the three of us, by submitting a written
  request to your supervisor. For now I'll leave you in the capable hands of
  Mrs. Dornier."  
That must have signaled the end of the meeting for he immediately stood up.
  Anna Leeds followed him out the door but the one remaining member, Mrs. Dornier,
  remained behind. From the expression on her face Luisa gathered she had not
  made a good first impression.  
"First, we get you some uniforms, then a room assignment." Mrs. Dornier stood
  up, "and if there's time we can stop by your office. You've been assigned to
  the technical proposals section. Some friendly advice," she pointed to the
  small book on the table, "you better know that book by heart. I don't know
  why but the powers that be decided you are going to work for Kurt Goeren. He
  literally wrote that book, and trust me, he'll expect you to follow it religiously."  
Field Work   
The plane touched down on the dirt airstrip next to a small village. This
  was Mark Sturgis' initial visit to equatorial Africa and the first of what
  would be several field trips to inspect the progress of the power transmission
  line. The Congo Republic government was backing the construction to bring power
  to a new mining district. The royalties from the cobalt being produced there
  would pay for the bonds in less than five years, so there was little financial
  risk. Without cobalt jet engines and gas turbines couldn't be built, and the
  Congo had most of the world's supply of the strategic mineral. The only other
  source was Siberia, where mines were operated under horrendous arctic conditions
  and shipments of the precious resource were spotty at best. Aircraft engine
  factories and electric utility suppliers all over the world needed reliable
  sources and paid dearly to ensure uninterrupted delivery.  
It was difficult to recruit experienced engineers to work in central Africa,
  and that was reflected in the price tag in his contract. The signing bonus
  for this project was paying the costs of moving to the Island and then some.
  His new friend, John Leeds, had been instrumental in helping Mark and his wife
  Cathy put all the pieces together. John had sponsored their names to the Island's
  immigration board, he had put Mark in contact with the Island-based civil engineering
  company that was managing the Congo project, and he had even volunteered to
  help them get settled once they decided to move.  
Mark thought back to that first invitation, when he had flown to South Africa
  and then taken the freighter to the Island. John had shown him the sights,
  talked about the society, and then arranged an appointment with the immigration
  review board. The meeting had been short; their application was approved with
  no objections. The job interview had also gone well, but the company's need
  for a hands-on inspection was urgent and already overdue. He had returned to
  California to give Cathy the good news and wrap up their affairs before moving.
  Time was short though, with the result that Mark had to travel on to the Congo
  and not complete the trip back to the Island with Cathy.  
As the small plane taxied to a stop he saw the group of ubiquitous Land Rovers
  parked at one end of the dirt airstrip. A Belgian company was constructing
  the towers for the transmission line, after which Mark's company, as the general
  contractor, would see to the installation of the power cables. It was his job
  to drive the length of the power line and evaluate the work completed to date.
  Beyond the Land Rovers were several military trucks filled with government
  army soldiers who would theoretically provide security for the trek.  
As with much of central Africa the Congo had problems with guerrilla bands,
  most of them little more than bandit gangs raiding to fill their pockets. Mark's
  company had quietly arranged an insurance policy with the bandits too, some
  cash bribes and a promise of retaliation by highly skilled mercenaries against
  the leaders if their agreements were not honored. The company had used the
  same policy in the past with great success, and the few times that it had been
  necessary to carry out the threat had only added to the company's reputation.
  Employees could take on projects in some of the most dangerous areas of the
  world with virtual impunity. Mark knew the poorly paid soldiers coming along
  with him represented a greater danger than the bandits, but given this was
  a high profile project they should be on their best behavior.  
As soon as he was out of the plane the first person to meet him was the local
  manager for the company's interests. He took Mark over to meet the construction
  foremen while one of the workmen fetched Mark's luggage from the plane. Mark
  spoke neither French nor Flemish, so he was grateful when he found some of
  the Belgians could speak English. Introductions were made all around and then
  they were on the way to the construction site. Mark's driver, a local, didn't
  speak English well, so he was able to turn his attention to the countryside.  
He thought back to the day it all started. They had gone to bed for the night.
  Lying in his arms Cathy had told him of her secret desires, of her need to
  be owned, and how she wanted to feel him controlling her every moment of the
  day. She had told him of Internet websites she had found and how they explained
  the master/slave lifestyle.  
Mark had taken the lead role in their relationship virtually since the first
  time they had met. He had been careful not to be overly aggressive and had
  gradually assumed the dominant position as she reacted positively. He would
  tell friends they had a "traditional marriage" when someone remarked on how
  she seemed to defer to him. It got the occasional raised eyebrow of surprise,
  but people seemed to understand it was what he and Cathy both wanted.  
John Leeds had been in town working on an extended consulting project at
  the old company where Mark had been working. They had met one day for lunch
  and became friends. It had been just a few days after Cathy's revelation that
  John had been talking about his wife Anna. He had pulled out his wallet and
  showed her picture to Mark. The collar around her neck was prominent and obviously
  not jewelry. Mark recognized its meaning from what Cathy had told him, so he
  decided to ask John about it.  
What John related to him took Mark by surprise. A private island where women
  were actually owned, a place where a man was literally master of his household;
  it sounded like something out of a bad attempt at an erotic novel. On the way
  home that evening he thought about it. When he told Cathy about their conversation
  she became excited and wanted more information. She talked of nothing else
  all night. It was clear the Island had struck a responsive chord in her. She
  was fascinated by his description of the picture showing John's wife wearing
  a collar.  
The next day Mark called John to invite him to dinner. The conversation afterwards
  stretched on for hours as Cathy asked question after question. When John left
  to go back to his hotel Mark inquired about information on moving to the Island.
  John had told him it was possible and would make some calls.  
Now Cathy was on the ship, and Mark would be joining her a week after she
  arrived. In his briefcase were the papers detailing the basic ownership agreement
  and some other documentation explaining his obligations and privileges. He
  had read it over once, and would read it again as time permitted. In real terms
  there was little that he didn't do already, as far as his commitment to care,
  shelter, and provide for Cathy. What amazed him was the scope of his power
  over her. If she signed the agreement she would be taking an immense risk.
  As long as they lived on the Island then for all practical purposes she would
  be his property, except that he couldn't sell her to someone else. It might
  have been a common practice two hundred years ago, but he still couldn't quite
  believe it existed in a modern society today.  
In the distance he could see the skeletal outline of completed transmission
  line towers marching across the valley. They would be at the construction camp
  in a few minutes. This afternoon he would review the plans and progress to
  date. The long inspection tour would start in the morning. Mark had already
  flagged several stopping points on his topographic map but knew there would
  be more only someone on the ground would notice. He had to make sure the towers
  were properly spaced and accessible to the heavy trucks equipped with the cable
  pulling winches. If they had to resort to helicopters the costs would skyrocket
  and might even result in a net loss for the company. For his own peace of mind
  he also wanted to see how the weather would affect their operation. They didn't
  want heavy trucks out in the field during a monsoon.  
In a way this trip might be a good idea after all. It would give Cathy some
  time to see the Island on her own and talk to some of the people there. John
  had stressed how important it was she understood what would happen and that
  she fully comprehend both the risks and benefits. Mark knew his absence could
  give her the space she needed to think through the consequences, without feeling
  any pressure from him. Except for some limited communication through the telemetry
  satellite link he would be out of touch till he left the Congo.  
At the construction camp there were trailers set up for the staff. Most were
  partitioned into living quarters but one trailer was set aside for the field
  office. The project manager made room for Mark at a table so he could go over
  the construction plans for the final phase out to the mines and smelter. The
  distribution substation would be built on the land being used for the camp,
  and afterward smaller lines would be run to the mine heads. He spent the rest
  of the day going over the paperwork, with a break to look around the camp and
  plan how the substation would be laid out. Few people were in the camp since
  the crews would not return from the field till dusk.  
That evening he dined on authentic local cuisine, prepared by some village
  women the construction company had hired to run the camp kitchen. Both the
  meat and some of the vegetables in the stew had an odd taste but were quite
  good. Mark made a mental note to ask what he was eating later on, unsure if
  it was a good idea during the meal. He hadn't thought to check with John about
  the food selection on the Island. Cathy was proud of her cooking but he was
  sure if faced with a choice cut of wildebeest roast she would need some help.
  This was the opposite end of the world from California; there wasn't likely
  to be a corner taco stand or noodle shop.  
After dinner he sat outside his trailer for a while, looking at the stars
  in an unfamiliar sky. This was south of the equator; the night was a display
  of strange constellations. After a while he did pick out the Southern Cross,
  the only stars he knew about. Many times he and Cathy had spent the weekend
  camping out in the Sierra Nevada mountains, away from the city lights of Los
  Angeles. They had sat up late, his arm around her, looking up at the night
  sky, picking out constellations while talking about their hopes and dreams.
  They would be looking at brand new stars now. In a way it seemed to fit with
  starting a new life.  
He turned in early since they would be starting at dawn tomorrow, to get
  in as much daylight as possible. This would be the last night spent in relative
  comfort; for the rest of the trip it would be a sleeping bag and tent. Mark
  sat up in the cramped trailer bed and opened his briefcase to get the ownership
  contract papers. He wanted to check some points one more time, to let the implications
  roll around in the back of his head while he was working the next few days.  
The basic contract was clear in spelling out obligations. In addition to
  the travel bond, which he had already posted, he had to guarantee her the essentials,
  that he would provide food, shelter, and medical care if she needed it. He
  would not inflict serious injury or disfigure her. He would not appropriate
  any property or financial assets which belonged to her. He would take responsibility
  for her actions and see to it she learned and kept within the laws and customs
  of the Island.  
She was required to acknowledge his authority as her owner, to obey his orders
  and faithfully keep to whatever rules he imposed. She had to follow the laws
  specific to her new status, including restrictions on travel, handling money,
  wearing the collar, and curfew. Unless the terms of the contract were violated
  she could not leave him or refuse to honor her commitment as spelled out in
  the contract. Neither of them could back out unilaterally.  
The consequences for breaking the contract could be severe, for either of
  them. If he failed to support her he could be charged with neglect. If she
  disobeyed or broke a law she could be charged with disobedience. Both crimes
  could be treated as felonies if the situation warranted. And if she ran away,
  or he abandoned her, the explanation booklet for the contract made it clear
  the penalties were very severe, including fines and prison sentences.  
This was the part that made Mark uneasy. He had no intentions of abandoning
  or mistreating Cathy, but neither did he want some stranger second-guessing
  him. He needed to talk to John about those clauses, in particular what kept
  some well-meaning but misguided government official from passing judgment on
  his and Cathy's relationship. He had read of too many cases where social workers
  destroyed lives by careless and hasty, poorly-informed judgments.  
Mark put the papers back in his briefcase and turned out the light. Drifting
  off to sleep he thought about Cathy. There was a nagging feeling of guilt that
  he couldn't be with her at such an important moment in their lives. At least
  she would be looked after, by someone Mark trusted.  
Overtime   
Luisa looked at the clock, 4pm on a Friday. They weren't going to have the
  project report ready in the next hour. She and her supervisor, Kurt Goeren,
  were the only ones in the tiny technical proposals office. Under normal circumstances
  it could wait until Monday, or they could even work a few hours over the weekend.
  But this particular presentation was the centerpiece of the company president's
  sales pitch, a report he needed tomorrow afternoon in his hotel room in Asia,
  before the next round of presentations. To close this contract would mean bonuses
  for everyone in the company and plenty of consulting and support work in the
  future.  
She turned away from her workstation and looked at Kurt. He was standing
  at the table next to her, assembling pages and graphics. "We aren't going to
  make it," she said, the undertone of frustration making her statement sound
  angry.  
Kurt stopped and turned toward her. She knew he was originally from Switzerland,
  though he had been on the Island for several years. In typical Swiss fashion
  he seemed unperturbed at the imminent demise of both their careers. He glanced
  over her head at the clock on the wall. "There is time to finish. The report
  will be ready for transmission tomorrow morning." His words were slow and precise,
  as if he carefully picked each one from a list. His English was colored by
  the barest hint of that flat accent, the trademark of the German dialect spoken
  in the Swiss Alps.  
"I can't. I have three hours of editing left, plus proofreading. And you
  know I have to report to the dormitory after five. There's no way I can get
  it all done." It's the rules  , Luisa thought. Work ended
  at five, then ten minutes to report to the dorm supervisor for evening assignments.
  It seemed like each moment of her waking day was regulated in some way. There
  was a company policy for everything, at least for trainees.  
"One moment," came Kurt's clipped response. He went into his office and picked
  up the phone. She couldn't hear what he said, but he came out a moment later. "It
  is arranged. We have as much time as we need to finish."  
"You got an extension? But I thought we needed it by morning!"  
"The deadline has not changed. We will continue working as long as is needed.
  You will not report to your dorm until our project is complete. I have authorized
  overtime for you. Please continue with your editing." He turned back to the
  table and resumed his sorting.  
Luisa turned back to her screen and resumed typing. As simple as
      that  , she told herself. I'd be in all kinds of trouble
      if I were a minute late, but he can brush it aside with one phone call.  Each
      evening, in the little free time they were allowed, she had been writing
      down every instance of how unfairly women were treated, both in the company
      and on the Island. Men ran this society; men controlled every aspect of
      a woman's life here. They made all the rules and had all the power. It
      was like returning to the Stone Age. Maybe they didn't drag their knuckles
      or carry around clubs, but men like Kurt were the essence of the Neanderthal
      caveman. He hadn't even bothered to ask if she would mind working late.  
At least she had been able to get her articles out. There was a regular mail
  service, though she had to get someone to help her with the Saudi riyal  stamp
  denominations. There was no island postmark; everything went by ship to the
  Saudi post office at the port of Jeddah first. Apparently all mail to certain
  addresses in Jeddah came back to the Island in the same way. The arrangement
  was that her editor would hold the stories until she returned or in case something
  happened. If he didn't hear from her after thirty days he would run the stories
  and do his best to publicize her disappearance. That was as close as she could
  come to some kind of guarantee of her safety. If her secret was ever discovered
  she had a bargaining chip for her freedom.  
She concentrated on the report. The living conditions might be horrific,
  but her job proved to be fascinating. As a technical writer she was learning
  new concepts virtually every day. All the intricate planning that went into
  something as simple as a road or a bridge amazed her. She had pictured civil
  engineers as the flannel-shirted beer-swilling cretins who lived only to cut
  down age old forests or bulldoze orphanages between trips to the local redneck
  bar. Working with them, even the most obnoxious ones like Kurt, had shown they
  spent more time minimizing negative impact than actually building the project.
  Even the document she was now editing had provisions to add expenses to the
  pipeline they were bidding on, costs incurred by avoiding a significant historical
  bazaar district and mosque in some small village in Azerbaijan no one outside
  the country had ever heard of. She still couldn't reconcile the imperious assumption
  these men had about getting their own way with the care and foresight they
  put into their work.  
And why did it seem she was the only woman in the company who even seemed
  to care? She didn't understand why her female co-workers seemed so happy. Her
  dorm roommate in particular was a good example. Luisa had tried to bring up
  the way the Island held down women, but her attempt went nowhere. Instead she
  got a lecture on how wonderful the place was and how her roommate would never
  dream of leaving.  
She had been so busy that she didn't notice when 5pm came and passed. She
  did stop fifteen minutes later when the hall door opened. A company security
  guard stood in the doorway, clipboard in hand. He looked at Luisa first, then
  to Kurt as he came out of his office. "Good evening Mr. Goeren. I need you
  to confirm the overtime authorization. Could you sign here?" He held out his
  clipboard. Kurt took it and signed. "Thank you. Do you have a specific time
  when you plan to stop? Someone can come by to escort her to the dorm." The
  guard nodded toward Luisa.  
"That will not be necessary. The time is indefinite at this point. I will
  see to it she is delivered to the dorm area when we are finished. Good evening." Luisa
  watched him dismiss the guard in his usual brusque manner. She watched as Kurt
  headed back to his desk.  
Great  , she thought, dinner in the dorm is
      at six, no exceptions, and no way I'm going to be done by then. Looks like
      I go hungry tonight too.  Not that Kurt would care, for him
      nothing mattered but getting the job done. That was something else that
      distinguished the men here, a sort of single-minded determination that
      took over once they decided to do something. No matter what,
      or who, got in the way  , Luisa reflected. Through his open
      door she could see him at work on his computer, oblivious to the rest of
      the world.  
The interruption over she continued with her editing. The writing was difficult
  and time consuming, but by seven p.m. she was done. Files saved, she stood
  up and went to Kurt's door. "The documents are edited and collated. Should
  I go ahead and print the final draft?" The report was in color and lengthy.
  It would take at least an hour to print the full proof copy with text and graphics.  
"One moment," he answered. He typed in some commands at the keyboard while
  she stood waiting. Naturally  , she growled silently, the
  whole world waits for Kurt to finish  . He stared at the screen,
  clicked on something, then nodded in satisfaction. "Yes, please start the proof
  job." He didn't even look up at her as he issued his orders. She went back
  to her workstation, started the print run, and then finished by checking the
  color printer for ink and paper. An hour to print, followed by the proofreading.
  If she was lucky she could beg a snack off someone in the kitchen before going
  to bed.  
As the printer warmed up she heard Kurt talking. Looking through his door
  she saw him hanging up the telephone. The first page started to feed through
  the printer. She noticed he opened his desk and put something in a pocket.
  It was shiny but from the angle she couldn't make out what it was. He came
  out to stand next to her as the printer slowly composed and spit out each page.  
"Do you like Chinese food?" The unexpected question caught her off guard.  
"Why, yes I do. An egg roll would be heaven right now. I'm starving."  
"There is some time before the printing is finished. I have made reservations
  at an excellent restaurant within walking distance, one where I have often
  dined. Is there anything you need to take care of before we leave?"  
Luisa wondered if he had to work at being so irritating, or if it came naturally.
  He didn't even bother to ask if she'd like to go to dinner. She couldn't pass
  up a chance at a real dinner though, especially when she was so hungry. There
  was one small detail he seemed to have overlooked. "I was told I'm not allowed
  to leave the building unless I'm escorted by authorized personnel. I don't
  think I'm supposed to go out for dinner."  
Kurt nodded, "yes, that's correct. However, as your supervisor I am one of
  those authorized personnel. It is permitted within your guidelines to accompany
  me to dinner to discuss business. You are welcome to call the dorm if you would
  like to confirm it."  
He was too meticulous to make a mistake about something like that. Luisa
  didn't need to call. Even if he were wrong she wouldn't be held accountable.
  She didn't really want to talk about oil pipelines over dinner, but Chinese
  food was tempting. All she had to do was clench her teeth and count to ten
  every time he said something, hold in her temper, and stuff herself with rice
  and steamed veggies. It would be nice to get out for a while too, even if it
  was only for an hour. "In that case I'm ready. I checked the ink and paper
  so there shouldn't be any problems."  
Kurt went to the hall door and held it open for her. She took one last look
  at the printer before he shut the door. He gestured toward the elevators. "We
  will let the machines do their work. I have every confidence the report will
  be done on time. Now we will take the time to relax at the end of the work
  day." Luisa wondered if his odd way of speaking had to do with being Swiss
  or if it was unique to his personality. He seemed to make it a point to be
  formal, polite and aloof. She was used to the U.S. office style, where co-workers
  were informal and often friends outside of work. He pushed the elevator button
  for the lobby. When the car arrived he held open the elevator door for her.  
In the lobby he steered her toward the receptionist counter rather than the
  front door. At this hour a security guard sat behind the counter. "Good evening
  Joe," he greeted the elderly guard.  
"Hi Mr. Goeren, working late tonight?" His eyes lingered a moment longer
  on Luisa as he recognized her company uniform. "Good evening Miss, are you
  with Mr. Goeren?"  
Kurt spoke up before she could answer. "We are going out for dinner but will
  return later tonight. List it as discretion of supervisor." Joe nodded, wrote
  something down, and then handed Kurt a clipboard to sign. "Thanks Joe. How
  did Manchester do yesterday?"  
"Over Arsenal by two, looks good for a cup this year. Enjoy your dinner Miss." Luisa
  heard the buzzing as the front door unlocked. Kurt took her arm and led her
  to the front door.  
Outside he pointed down the street, "we go that way." In the distance Luisa
  could see a neon sign in Chinese characters. "Joe Bardeen is an interesting
  character. In his younger days he played English football before joining the
  company and still follows the football clubs. He retired from the company board
  of directors a few years ago. When his wife passed away he had too much time
  on his hands, so he asked to return in some minor position. Now he's the evening
  security guard on weekends. He chose to work late so people wouldn't recognize
  him."  
Luisa wondered at the kind of man who would willingly go from the top to
  the bottom of the company. Kurt talked about him as they walked along the sidewalk.
  She could hear the respect and not a little awe he had for old Joe.  
It didn't take long to reach the restaurant. Inside he shook hands with the
  host and said a few words before they were seated. A waiter brought menus for
  the two of them.  
Outside the sign had been in Chinese only. She was afraid the menu would
  be in Chinese too but on opening it found the names and descriptions in English.
  Some dishes she recognized but others were unfamiliar. She looked up at Kurt.  
He must have noticed her puzzled expression because he launched into an explanation
  immediately. "The style of cuisine here is what's called Szechuan, from northern
  China. It's hot and spicy, mostly meat dishes. The chef does prepare some southern
  dishes for those who aren't accustomed to food that bites back." He smiled
  and Luisa laughed. That was the first time she ever heard Kurt make a joke.
  He pointed out the items on the menu that she might like.  
After she told Kurt her selection he signaled the waiter. She was about to
  speak up when he gave the waiter first her order then his own. Count
  to ten  , she told herself, same old Kurt, he won't even
  let me order my own food.  She watched the waiter leave before turning
  back to Kurt. She was startled to see him watching her intently.  
"Is something wrong?" she asked. His stare made her feel self-conscious.
  She looked down at her company uniform blouse and skirt, no stains or wrinkles,
  nothing out of order.  
"No, nothing wrong," he answered. He folded his hands on the table before
  continuing. "Tell me, you know about the history of the Island, the type of
  people who choose to live here?"  
She answered immediately. "Yes, of course. We have to attend classes after
  work hours. They cover the Island, the proper roles for men and women, that
  sort of thing." Proper roles indeed  , Luisa thought, more
  like indoctrination  . Most of her articles had dealt with those
  lectures and what the women here were being taught. It was textbook male oppression.
  Not just virtual slavery but the real thing. She remembered that first day
  she had seen a woman with the collar around her neck. At the time she thought
  it was some odd type of necklace, until one of the lectures had explained its
  true meaning. Ownership  , the word made her skin crawl.
  She still didn't understand how those women put up with it.  
Then she found out she wasn't exempt from that oppression. The employment
  contract she signed under island law made her a ward of the company for the
  one year term. It made no difference that she was an adult. The company now
  had the right to exercise complete control over her life. Everything was regulated
  now, where to live, what to eat, the clothes she wore, even the movies she
  was permitted to watch. She couldn't leave the building on her own. The very
  first lecture had stressed that compliance with company procedures wasn't optional.
  It was the law of the land.  
That was the main reason she had to tolerate Kurt and his domineering attitude.
  If there had been a way to escape she would have left at the earliest opportunity.
  But no matter what crazy plan she came up with, there was no way to get off
  the Island. It had to be by ship, and there was only one port. She might be
  able to make it to the entrance, but it was impossible to get past the port
  guards. It had been so easy on arrival, but leaving was another matter. In
  order for her to book passage someone from the company, some man  she
  corrected herself, had to escort her all the way to the ship and present the
  forms and permits allowing her to leave.  
Kurt continued. "This is the plan for the evening. We are going to have a
  pleasant dinner, then return to the office. I will proofread the final copy.
  When we are finished with any changes I will take you to your dormitory." He
  paused while reaching into a pocket in his jacket. He took out something shiny
  and metallic, carefully setting it on the edge of the table next to his plate.
  When he took his hand away she recognized the object he had taken from his
  desk, handcuffs.  
"When we are finished with dinner, you will stand up, turn around, and put
  your hands behind your back. I will then place the restraints on your wrists.
  You will not be permitted to take them off, nor will you be allowed to ask
  for their removal. There will be no discussion on the matter."  
Luisa stared at the gleaming metal cuffs on the table. "Why&hellip;" she
  stopped. No discussion meant just that. She couldn't ask the reason why. Her
  eyes jumped from the cuffs to Kurt's face, back and forth. What was
  he doing?  Given her status, or lack of it, she had no doubt he
  had the authority, but there was no reason for it. She had been cooperative,
  no matter how much he aggravated her. If she had broken some company rule it
  was one she didn't know about. This isn't fair; he has no right to
  haul me back to the office in chains. And even if he does have the right,  she
  had to concede that point, it was the Island, there's no justification
  for humiliating me in public  .  
Before she could say anything else the waiter brought their food. The interruption
  gave her time to recover her poise. The waiter placed the bowls of rice, meat,
  and vegetables on the table, deftly avoiding the cuffs next to Kurt's plate.
  Though he must have noticed them he made no comment. Of course  ,
  Luisa realized, it's nothing new to him. He probably has a set at
  home too  . The waiter finished serving by placing a small wire
  frame cart of sauces in the middle of the table.  
"Please, help yourself." Kurt said, reaching for a bowl of fried rice. "If
  you like soy sauce, I suggest you try that one on the end, the extra dark one.
  The light colored soy sauces are used for dipping, use that small bowl to pour
  some out for this garlic chicken. This bowl with the red in it is called Kung
  Pao, you might want to take just a little taste before you put some on your
  plate. It's very hot. The red vegetables are actually peppers. Here's the rice,
  put the vegetables on top." He handed her the bowl of fried rice.  
She grabbed the bowl and held onto it tightly, to conceal the shakiness in
  her hands. Reaction  , Luisa realized, I'm scared  .
  She held the bowl of rice steady with one hand while scooping out some onto
  her plate with the other hand. She tried to put the cuffs out of her head but
  her eyes kept coming back to them, sitting on the edge of the table. Never
  in her life had she ever been arrested. She had never worn handcuffs, or even
  seen them close up. Her worst criminal offense had been a ticket for running
  a red light. She looked up to Kurt, who seemed to be oblivious to her distress.  
Somehow she managed to get the food onto her plate while avoiding the Kung
  Pao on Kurt's advice. The first bite told her this was Chinese food unlike
  anything she had ever tasted before. Distracted, she looked at what was on
  her plate.  
Kurt must have noticed the expression on her face. "It's really very good,
  isn't it? That's why I try to eat here often. I know the chef, Lee Fu Bai.
  The food is authentic as he's from northern China himself, Manchuria, close
  to the Russian border. Did you happen to notice the name of this place?"  
A mouth full of food, Luisa shook her head. There was no English translation
  for the Chinese characters on the sign or the front of the restaurant.  
"Well, Fu wanted all the ethnic Chinese to recognize the place and remember
  his name, so he ordered the neon sign to be made in Chinese. It's difficult
  and expensive to make the characters though, so he had to shorten it. The original
  plan was to call it Lee Fu Bai's Manchu Dining Room, but that was cost prohibitive.
  So he shortened it&hellip;to Fu's Manchu."  
Luisa had to grab her napkin to cover her mouth while laughing. Kurt grinned
  as he kept talking. "The first time Fu translated for me, he couldn't understand
  why I started laughing. I told him all about Sax Rohmer and his stories featuring
  the villainous Dr. Fu Man Chu, constantly thwarted by Nayland Smith. Fu liked
  it, so he kept the name. He even tried to grow that famous Mandarin moustache
  once."  
All through dinner Kurt kept up the conversation, talking about himself,
  how he came to the Island, and his boyhood in the Alps. He would pause from
  time to time, allowing Luisa to get in a few comments. At some point she realized
  the stiff, formal Kurt at the office was a real charmer once he relaxed. He
  was witty, intelligent, and had a dry, deadpan sense of humor that was all
  but extinct these days. His stories were simple but revealed a man who looked
  at life as something to be enjoyed every moment. He was talking about growing
  up in Switzerland.  
"During my college years we had to take our military service during the summer.
  As you probably know, all able-bodied Swiss men are enlisted in the reserves.
  For my training I volunteered for the bicycle regiment. It has been disbanded
  now but was still in force at the time."  
Luisa nodded, "I've heard of it. The Swiss Army was the last major country
  to still use bicycles."  
"That's true. We were told it was to be prepared if there was no fuel for
  cars or trucks. We could move quickly to defend strategic points, faster than
  troops on foot. Our training was to practice that kind of maneuver. It might
  have been a good idea, but it didn't work too well. In the morning we would
  gather at a town, load up our bicycles, shoulder our rifles, and ride off to
  save the bridge in the mountains. Country roads are not too good though, and
  the bicycles were old. An hour later most of us had flat tires.  
"We wanted to stop, but the lieutenant said no, in a battle we would have
  to keep going. So we passed through small villages clattering on our metal
  rims, making an awful sound. So loud that many of the farmers offered to take
  us the rest of the way in trucks. The sound was bad for the cows, they would
  say, it will make holes in the cheese." Kurt finished his story and took a
  bite of food.  
Luisa laughed again and shook her head, holes in Swiss cheese. She should
  have seen that one coming. She looked across the table at her dining companion
  with newfound respect. Except for that dictatorial attitude he'd be the kind
  of guy she'd want to spend a lot of time with. Oh my god, I'm on
  a date  , she realized, and having a good time too  .
  Now she was suspicious. Had he deliberately waited till the last minute, so
  they would have to work overtime? So he could get her alone? Whether it was
  coincidence or conspiracy, she was still enjoying the dinner and his company.
  It was a welcome escape from the dorm and the never-ending rules and lectures.  
She began to notice small things about him. He was telling her all about
  himself, but not asking questions. When she spoke he listened but did not try
  to dig deeper into her background. It was almost as if he was selling himself
  to her, while trying to be non-threatening at the same time. She felt no pressure
  to talk about herself, a remarkable change from past dates she had been on.
  No innuendos either. Not a single sexual reference, no off color jokes. Usually
  by now her dates would be hinting at the rest of the night, but not Kurt. He
  finished another one of his stories, making her giggle uncontrollably.  
He leaned back in his chair and grinned at her. "A fine meal seasoned with
  the laughter of a beautiful woman. What more could a man ask for in life?" He
  signaled the waiter for the bill. "But we still have our duties to attend.
  The report awaits our return, and I must see to it you are returned to your
  dorm safe and sound. It is time to go back to the office." He stood up, looked
  at Luisa, then slowly and deliberately picked up the handcuffs.  
The world shrunk to the steel bracelets in his hand. Listening to his stories
  she had forgotten all about them. As if she were a detached observer she saw
  herself push back her chair and stand up. She stepped away from the table,
  looking into his eyes before she slowly turned around. She could see the door
  to the street and the cashier, as well as other customers at tables. In slow
  motion her arms moved of their own accord, behind her back. His hand took hold
  of her right arm first, positioning it. The cool touch of the steel against
  her skin had an almost electric feel as the cuff closed on her wrist. She heard
  the ratcheting sound a second time as the other cuff closed on her left wrist.  
Staring straight ahead, not daring to move, she expected to see people pointing
  and whispering. A few diners looked up momentarily but otherwise ignored her.
  Even the waiter said nothing as he pushed in her chair against the table. No
  outraged demands that she be released, or even a question as to what was happening. It
  isn't unusual  , she thought, I might as well be putting
  on my coat  . She felt Kurt do something to the handcuffs, and then
  he was at her side, a hand firmly grasping her upper arm. He gestured toward
  the cash register by the front door and indicated she should head that way
  by pressure on her arm. She followed meekly.  
He paused at the cashier's counter to pay the bill. Before he let go of her
  arm Kurt scrutinized her face, looking for any sign of distress. Luisa felt
  as if she were floating, not actually in her own body. She watched as Kurt
  counted out the bills. She vaguely remembered she wasn't allowed to handle
  money, another company rule. If she wanted to buy something for herself, she
  had to ask permission first. Someone would purchase it for her and deduct the
  amount from her company account.  
While the cashier made change she tested the handcuffs by trying to pull
  her wrists apart. A few inches and no further. They felt loose but she couldn't
  slip either cuff off past her wrist. She couldn't see what they looked like
  but her fingers brushed against what must have been a keyhole on each cuff.
  Kurt finished and took hold of her arm again. With his free hand he opened
  the door, gently pushing her forward. She walked through the door ahead of
  him. He never let go of her arm.  
Back to the Office   
Outside the restaurant the street was empty. Luisa realized they had been
  gone for a lot longer than an hour. Suddenly Kurt spun her around to face him,
  holding her in place with hands on both her arms. He stared intently at her.
  Their eyes locked, and she found she couldn't look away. They stood transfixed,
  alone on the sidewalk, until Kurt broke the spell. "Are you okay?" She heard
  genuine concern in his voice, unexpected considering what he had done to her.  
The simple question brought her back. "Yes, I'm all right," she answered
  quietly. Why shouldn't I be?  She told herself. Trapped
  on an island of cavemen, the indentured servant to some mysterious company,
  standing on a deserted sidewalk in the middle of the night with my hands chained
  behind my back. What could be wrong?  There wasn't anything wrong
  though. She didn't feel scared or violated. Something was happening that she
  didn't understand. The outrage, the anger she should be feeling at being forced
  into handcuffs wasn't there.  
They started to walk back to the office building, Kurt between her and the
  sidewalk curb. He held onto her arm and kept looking over at her. She felt
  off balance, walking with her hands behinds her back, but she was in no danger
  of falling. She was about to say so when she realized if she did happen to
  stumble, she wouldn't be able to break her fall. The same thing would happen
  if she tried to break his grip and run away.  
The front door to the lobby wasn't too far now. Kurt had told her she couldn't
  ask to have the cuffs removed, but she was positive he would stop and unlock
  them before they went in the door. She didn't really understand what he was
  trying to do. Maybe it was the price she was paying for the delightful dinner,
  something to symbolize her place at the bottom of the hierarchy. A stray thought
  crossed her mind, maybe this is what repression is like  .  
Kurt stopped as they reached the glass doors of the lobby. Luisa relaxed,
  grateful she would be rid of the restraints. Her relief didn't last when Kurt
  knocked on the door but made no effort to free her. Joe waved from his counter
  and reached down. The door buzzed until Kurt pushed it open. Luisa hesitated
  but had to yield to his insistent pull on her arm. He led her right to the
  counter where Joe was watching.  
A stab of real fear went through Luisa. What if they knew she was on the
  Island under false pretenses? Had they searched her outgoing mail and discovered
  the articles? Maybe the dinner had all been one big charade to see if she would
  let something slip, before Kurt turned her over to the Island police. That
  would explain the handcuffs too, delivering her wrapped up in a nice package.  
"Evening, Mr. Goeren." Joe held out the sign in sheet on a clipboard. She
  watched as Kurt filled it out. Joe looked at her but said nothing about the
  handcuffs. He turned back to Kurt as he handed over the clipboard. "Any difficulties?"  
The question wasn't directed to her. Of course not  ,
  Luisa thought, they're all members of the same club  .
  It was only natural he would assume she would be the cause, not the victim.
  And what would good old Joe put in his report, that she had attacked Kurt and
  had to be subdued? No wonder Kurt wasn't concerned about anyone seeing her
  with her hands bound behind her back.  
"No problems, Joe," he answered as he took hold of her arm and steered her
  toward the elevators. No sudden outburst of accusations, no appearance of sinister
  black uniforms to take her away. It appeared her secret was still safe, unless
  they were waiting for her in the office. I'm going paranoid, get
  a grip  , she told herself. Kurt said nothing as he called the elevator.
  They got in and he selected their destination. She watched the floor lights
  go by. At least this time of night there would be no one to see her.  
The elevator stopped at their floor. Kurt held the elevator door open until
  she was in the hall. With his hand on her arm they headed for the office. He
  opened the office door and stood to the side, waiting for her to enter first. Always
  the gentleman  , Luisa thought, or maybe he just wants
  to see that I haven't managed to slip the cuffs  .  
The printer tray was full, no paper jams. The report still had to be proofed,
  but that was Kurt's job. As manager it was his responsibility to sign off and
  deliver the final product. He did not head directly to the printer though.  
First he pulled out Luisa's chair from her desk, rolling it to the center
  of the room. Then he led her over to it. "Sit down. You will wait quietly until
  I have finished with the proofreading." Awkwardly she sat down, her manacled
  hands behind the back of her seat. He pulled up another chair, facing her,
  before retrieving the printout. He sat down and began to read silently, glancing
  up at her occasionally.  
She looked down at herself. The hem of her company skirt drew a line across
  the top of her knees. She had been unsure of what clothes to bring to the Island,
  but that turned out not to be a problem. Her luggage had been put in storage
  somewhere, unopened. She was only allowed to wear what the company provided.
  That was a simple choice, for there was only one uniform. The first day on
  the Island she had been given a white sleeveless blouse with company insignia
  on the upper left front, and the regulation company issue maroon mid length
  skirt, again with a small logo on it. Even her underwear, hose, and shoes were
  company approved. At least those didn't have logos.  
Naturally there were rules to go with the uniform. Clean and ironed attire,
  hair properly combed, a neat appearance were all mandatory. They had to line
  up for an inspection by the dorm supervisor every morning before going to their
  work assignments. Jewelry and makeup were forbidden, not too difficult to obey
  that one since they weren't given any.  
After being issued the uniforms, one of the early lectures had been what
  she still thought of as "charm school". The woman teaching the class, the tireless
  Mrs. Dornier, had explained that they represented the company, so it was essential
  they present an appearance appropriate to the company's image. Luisa almost
  laughed at the list of do's and don'ts. But she listened and did her best to
  comply. Always sit straight, hold your head up, proudly. But don't
  ever cross your legs, that was forbidden too. Even crossing your ankles was
  against policy  . She sat like that now, facing Kurt with knees
  and ankles close together.  
He went back to reading the report. Careful to not let him see, she explored
  the handcuffs on her wrists with her fingers. Around each wrist was a sort
  of thick adjustable metal bracelet, closed to where it wouldn't slip off, but
  not too tight to cut off circulation. She located what seemed to be a hole
  on each cuff, probably for the key that opened them. A short metal chain connected
  the cuffs together. She slipped her fingers underneath the bow on one side
  and tried to pull it open, but it wouldn't budge.  
Luisa knew better than to ask him for the key. It felt wrong, though she
  couldn't explain why. She watched him read, taking his time, being thorough,
  sometimes backing up. Every time he turned a page he looked over at her. She
  did her best to sit still and not distract him; that's what he wanted.  
She was helpless, completely within the control of the man sitting across
  from her. Luisa knew it was affecting her by the way she was having trouble
  concentrating. She didn't understand why, but it seemed like the most important
  thing in the world was that she sit in this chair exactly as he had told her.
  A distant voice in her head was telling her something was very wrong, but she
  didn't listen. What she did hear were his last words, over and over again.
  Wait quietly for him to proofread the document. Don't fidget, don't
  make any noise, be patient,   that's what Mrs. Dornier had told
  them, over and over again.  
Each time he paused she looked up at him, eagerly hoping for some indication
  of how well she had done on the report. She'd never worked on so complex a
  project before. For all his brusque manner Kurt had been very patient in explaining
  her mistakes, never making fun of her obvious lack of knowledge and experience
  with large commercial projects. Rather than taking the quick route of making
  the corrections on his own he had taken the time to explain where she had gone
  wrong, how to fix it, and what to do the next time she ran into a similar situation.  
Then there were the times she made dumb mistakes, either from laziness or
  not paying attention. He wasn't patient and understanding during those moments.
  Then Kurt at his worst would come out. He never yelled, but she still cringed
  when she saw his frown and heard his cutting comment. "You know you can do
  better. Don't do it again." And then he'd just walk away, without letting her
  explain.  
He was right, though, I did know better. And I didn't do it again  .
  There were no explanations she could have offered anyway, only weak excuses. How
  long since the last time he chewed me out that way, two weeks, three?  Luisa
  couldn't remember, because she took her technical work seriously now. The report
  in his hands was some of the best writing she'd ever done. Not that
  Emperor Kurt will ever admit it, nothing satisfies him.  She pulled
  against the handcuffs one more time, more in frustration than any real attempt
  to free herself.  
When he did finish, it seemed like she had been sitting there for hours.
  The clock on her desk showed it had been no more than twenty minutes. "You
  are a skilled and gifted writer," he began. "The information is concise and
  accurate, each page flowing to the next. No errors either. I don't know of
  anyone else who could have done as well. The project is complete. I am proud
  you are on my team."  
From a manager it would have been a simple compliment on a job well done,
  but to Luisa it sounded like an announcement that she had just won every prize
  possible for literature. She felt her cheeks burn as she blushed. Her body
  betrayed her in another way too, a rising desire telling her she wanted this
  man.  
No! Anyone but him! There was that voice again, but instead she sat up straight
  and pulled her shoulders back, drawing attention to her breasts. Lust,
  it's lust not real attraction. Remember who he is, what he represents!   The
  voice was screaming now.  
Kurt must have seen it but he said nothing. Instead he helped her to stand
  up. "It's time for you to go to your room. I'll finish the packaging and see
  that it's sent to the hotel in Dushanbe."  
The dorm was the last place she wanted to go. What she wanted was to stay
  with Kurt. His hand on her arm sent tingles shooting through her body. She
  didn't even care about the handcuffs any more. It was so tempting to let go,
  maybe just once, to really see what it was like to be completely within his
  control. Sure it was wrong, but would one time be so bad, even if it was with
  a prehistoric throwback like Kurt?  
It wasn't going to happen this night though. He pushed her chair back in
  to her workstation before he led her out to the hall. She wanted to hold back,
  to ask him to let her stay and help, but some form of weakness gripped her
  mind. There was no resistance as he took her first to the elevator, then down
  to the dorm floor. Luisa was disappointed, but there was nothing she could
  do.  
When the elevator opened on her floor she started to walk out into the corridor,
  but he quickly pulled her back in. Puzzled, she watched as he hit the button
  to close the elevator door. When he turned back to her there was a wild expression
  on his face. He grabbed her shoulders and shoved her roughly against the back
  wall of the elevator car. His lips pressed against hers in a fervent kiss.
  One of his hands fondled her breast through the thin fabric of her blouse while
  the other pinned her against the wall.  
A rush of passion and desire raced through Luisa. She struggled to escape
  the handcuffs so she could throw her arms around him, but all her efforts made
  no difference. In desperation she tried to press herself against him, as she
  returned his kiss.  
As quickly as it came it passed. He backed up, still holding her against
  the wall, looking at her silently. Then he spun her around, so that she was
  facing the wall. Something touched her hands, and then the handcuffs were open,
  freeing her wrists. He dropped them in his pocket as he effortlessly turned
  her back to face him. She started to reach for him but he shook his head. "Compose
  yourself. When you are ready I'll check you in at the dorm counter." The cool,
  calculating Kurt had returned.  
Reluctantly she did as he ordered, straightening her blouse and tucking in
  some loose hair. When she finished, he opened the elevator door, holding it
  until she had stepped out into the hall. He walked with her around the corner
  to the desk. The evening supervisor was sitting there, doing some paperwork.
  She looked up as they approached. "Mr. Goeren, isn't it?"  
"That's right. We had to work overtime tonight. Since the hour was late,
  we took a break for dinner. I'll return Lois to your care now." Kurt signed
  a clipboard the supervisor handed him.  
Lois  . Hearing her pseudonym woke Luisa out of her
  daze. In the heat of the moment she'd forgotten all about her mission. She'd
  finally seen a glimpse of Kurt's hidden side, the side that all the men on
  the Island shared, the side that had to be revealed to the rest of the world. But  ,
  that word stuck in Luisa's head, but where is the outrage at what
  happened tonight?   
"Thank you, sir," the supervisor answered, glancing at the clipboard. "Anything
  we should be made aware of?"  
"Yes, she is to be commended for an exemplary job. Her work was critical
  to finishing an important project for the company. I would recommend she be
  given some time off in recognition of her efforts tonight." Kurt turned and
  walked back to the elevator.  
Both women watched him leave. The supervisor spoke up after he was out of
  sight. "Well girl, seems you really made an impression with Mr. Goeren there.
  He's not known to be easy to work for, and praise from him is as rare as finding
  a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. I'll be sure to pass on his comments." The
  supervisor opened the entrance to the dorm rooms. Suddenly all Luisa wanted
  was to find a soft bed and get some sleep. She thanked the supervisor and headed
  to her room. She had a lot to think about.  
Arrival   
Cathy Sturgis watched the scenery from the porthole of her small passenger
  cabin as the ship entered the harbor. It was no cruise ship, just a freighter
  with some staterooms for a handful of passengers. The trip from Port Elizabeth
  in South Africa had taken five days. The journey had been slow, uneventful
  and somewhat boring. Passenger facilities were limited, though there were several
  recent releases of movies on DVD to help pass the time. It had been interesting
  to tour a real commercial freighter and to see the day to day activities, but
  she was still glad to reach her destination.  
There was a knock on the cabin door. When she opened it a crewman informed
  her in broken English that he had come to pick up her luggage. They would be
  docking in a few minutes. He passed on a message from the port that someone
  would meet her at the Port Authority gate when she left the ship. He picked
  up her suitcases and left. She waited till the ship stopped moving before she
  walked out onto the deck and headed toward the gangway being lowered onto the
  dock.  
She was finally here. When Cathy had first found out about the Island she
  didn't believe it. There was no way it could be kept secret in these days of
  instant news. But her investigation had proven how elusive information could
  be on the Island and its whereabouts. Her husband Mark had only said, "I told
  you so", when she confessed to him that she had tried and failed in her research
  attempt.  
They had traveled as far as South Africa together but he had to send her
  on by herself while he took care of some urgent business matters for his new
  employer, a civil engineering firm also headquartered on the Island. She had
  been nervous about being on the ship alone but he had assured her it was far
  safer than where he was going. She had asked to stay with him but he flatly
  refused, telling her in that stern, insistent voice that central Africa was
  too unstable and dangerous for her. She knew better than to pursue it any further.  
At least she wouldn't be totally on her own until Mark arrived. He had called
  ahead and made arrangements with his friend John Leeds, who lived on the Island.
  Someone was supposed to meet her as soon as she got through the arrival formalities.
  She assumed that meant passports, visas, and luggage inspections by the usual
  Customs agents. When she left the ship and headed for the processing area she
  was prepared for a long and tedious wait.  
To her surprise the Customs gate was one lone official at a desk. The handful
  of other passengers from the ship were in line ahead of her. As she watched
  the Customs agent asked a few questions then moved to the next in line. No
  forms, no inspections, she didn't even see him collect a visa. When her turn
  came he asked her name, entered it in a computer terminal, then welcomed her
  to the Island and asked if she would remain a moment longer, because someone
  was in the port terminal waiting for her. Cathy stood to the side as the one
  remaining passenger behind her was processed through. She had never seen Customs
  work like that in any other country. He hadn't even asked for a passport.  
He made a quick phone call then turned back to her. "Your party will be here
  in just a moment. I also have a note to let you know your baggage is being
  delivered to your home, so you won't have to worry about it."  
"Thank you very much," Cathy answered. "Do you need to see my passport?"  
"No, we don't use them. The only people who arrive here are the residents
  or invited guests. You would not have been on the ship unless you were expected." He
  pointed behind her. "Here comes your party now."  
Cathy turned to see a woman approaching her. Conservatively dressed in a
  tailored business suit, a few years older than Cathy, she could have easily
  been mistaken for a business professional except for one thing. Prominently
  displayed around her neck was a metal collar, too large to be mistaken for
  a choker or some kind of necklace. Cathy recognized it and knew what it meant
  immediately. In front of her was a real life female slave, someone literally
  owned as property.  
"Hello and welcome to Isla Del Sur, the Island as we call it. My name is
  Anna Leeds, my husband and master is John Leeds. I've been asked to give you
  a quick orientation about life here." She held out her hand to Cathy. "I'm
  sure you have many questions. If you can hold off for a moment I'll try to
  answer them for you. You need to know your husband arranged for this, and he
  also saw to it you will be taken to your home later on. I'm sort of an official
  greeter for new arrivals. Life here is a bit different than what you are used
  to so I'm going to give you some idea of what to expect."  
"Hi, I'm Cathy Sturgis, my husband is Mark Sturgis. I've met your husband
  John, and I recognize you from the picture he carries in his wallet. He had
  dinner with us one evening when he was working in California." Cathy shook
  hands with Anna.  
"Yes, he told me about it. He was working with your husband on a consulting
  project. That's why my master asked me to meet you today. Why don't we go sit
  down and talk for a few moments before our ride gets here? There is a lounge
  area; it's this way." Anna turned and nodded in the direction she had come
  from. "Did you get the message about your luggage?"  
"Yes, thank you." Cathy walked with Anna down the hallway. She didn't miss
  how Anna had used that word, master  , in such a casual
  way. "Sorry if it's out of place, but can I ask you about the collar? Is it
  real?"  
Anna laughed, "Oh yes, it's very real. Strong and sturdy, and locked on.
  I can't take it off, though I wouldn't even if it was possible. You will find
  they are commonplace here, and there are some obligations that go with wearing
  one. I'll cover all that a little later. And to answer your next question,
  everyone who sees it knows what it means. That's what's different about living
  here. Things like this," she touched her collar, "are in the open and accepted."  
They reached the lounge area, a snack bar and a few tables. Anna pointed
  to one of the tables and they sat down. "Would you like something to eat or
  drink?" Anna asked Cathy.  
"A cup of coffee would taste good," Cathy replied, setting her purse on the
  chair next to her. She noticed Anna didn't seem to be carrying a purse.  
"Okay, you sit down and I'll be right back." Anna walked over to the counter.
  Cathy watched as she poured two cups of coffee, then took off a card on a necklace
  around her neck and presented it to the cashier. Cathy noticed she carried
  two cards. One was obviously a type of credit card, but she wasn't sure what
  the other one was.  
Anna returned to the table and handed a coffee cup to Cathy, then sat down. "Let
  me warn you. This is real coffee, the original African plant. It might be a
  little strong if you're used to the South American variety."  
Cathy took a sip and added some sugar. "Thanks for the warning. Could I ask
  you what those cards are that you are carrying?" Cathy asked.  
Anna took the necklace off her neck and held it out. "Very observant. This
  one is to make purchases. I am not permitted to carry cash. My master gives
  me an allowance for personal needs, plus any household shopping, groceries
  and such. I believe he receives some kind of statement each month. I have restrictions
  on how and when I can use it. Naturally he knows about everything I buy. Essentially
  it's a debit card but it's good anywhere I'm allowed to shop.  
"The other card is a very valuable one. I mentioned there are issues regarding
  collars? One of them is permission to travel. Without this card, a travel permit,
  I could not leave the house by myself. I would have to be accompanied by my
  master or another man, with my master's prior approval. Even with this card
  there are places I cannot go. The Customs desk, where you came in off the ship?
  I can't go past the desk or even wait there unless my master is with me. That's
  why I had to stay here until you were done."  
Cathy studied both cards carefully. Anna's picture was on each one, along
  with a magnetic stripe. They looked just like a credit card and a driver's
  license. She glanced up at Anna with a new realization of what a collar meant
  here.  
"It's not as bad as you might think. I have quite a few limits on what I
  can do, but my master likes it that way. It's good for me too. Before I came
  here I was, well, flaky is the word. Unreliable and not much self-control,
  very disorganized." Anna shrugged. "I don't do too well on my own. When John
  claimed me and later brought me here, I was afraid at first I couldn't manage
  the change. But that's what makes living here so wonderful, everyone is supportive.
  The first year was tough, more than once he took away these cards, but I got
  through it. I wouldn't have it any other way now. He regulates my life and
  I love the attention he gives me.  
"Same with being out in public. Everyone recognizes I have rules to follow.
  Somehow knowing it's all public makes it easier for me to keep on the straight
  and narrow. I like my life here; it makes me feel proud to wear his collar."  
Cathy leaned back in her chair and took another sip of coffee, momentarily
  lost in thought. She had come to the Island for the same reasons. Just like
  Anna she wanted to take that next step, give herself to her husband, and make
  him her master in fact as well as in her heart, without any limits on his authority.
  When Mark had told her about the Island she had been skeptical at first, but
  when they talked about it at length she could see he liked the idea, and there
  was a certain appeal in being open and uninhibited about her own submissive
  nature. Were she pressed to admit it she would have to confess she did her
  best to talk Mark into the move.  
Anna continued, "I was told you have come to the Island with the intention
  of becoming collared yourself?" Cathy nodded. "Good, I always worry that someone
  might get it wrong. First thing then, I need to make sure you know about the
  ramifications of your choice and how it will proceed. The laws here are very
  specific in how to define and require informed consent before you make any
  contractual agreements regarding your status. Bear with me if this sounds dry
  and boring, but I'm required to explain it in a certain way.  
"At the moment your status is free and independent. You may leave at any
  time. There are no restrictions on what you may do, and that includes the provision
  that you need not obey your husband, even if you do consider him to be your
  master as well. At the end of our conversation today, you can get back on the
  ship and return home. I've been assigned to explain the Island to you, and
  answer questions, but I am not allowed to offer you any advice on your decision
  to stay or leave. If you wish to have someone else conduct this orientation
  you can tell me to stop at any time and I will contact the Immigration office
  and arrange for a replacement."  
Cathy held up her hand to stop Anna. "One question, you said I can leave
  at any time? How would I get back home?"  
"Your husband has to post a bond for you. If you choose not to stay all your
  expenses will be covered to any place you wish to go. You can leave at any
  time, up to when you agree to transfer that privilege to your master. I was
  just about to explain that.  
"Your husband has enrolled you in the ownership program. It's also called
  the TPE; that stands for total power exchange, a nice euphemism for enslavement.
  Under the program, you will start with a thirty day period which includes this
  introduction, followed by some orientation classes on how the program works.
  We try to cover everything you need to know. You get to see how we live on
  the Island, especially the differences from the outside world. It gives you
  some time to think about staying here, to interact with the locals, and an
  opportunity to talk it over with your husband. He has some requirements to
  meet too. It might be that one or both of you decide it's not to your liking.
  That's not unexpected, we do take domination and submission to an extreme here,
  and it's ingrained in society as a whole so you can't ignore it. The intensity
  can be intimidating.  
"After the thirty day period you are eligible to enter into a Basic contract.
  Like any civilized society we live within a body of laws. Contracts, legally
  binding and enforceable agreements between two people, are the foundation of
  relationships on the Island, just as marriages are in the outside world. You
  will find that what can be put in a contract is very different here. You can
  agree to give yourself to someone for a period of time, and specify how you
  should be treated.  
"In the TPE program you must start with the Basic. It is one year in duration.
  There are some standard provisions, and the two of you can add others by mutual
  agreement. For that one year, you literally become his property. Unless he
  breaks the contract you must remain with him and are legally obligated to obey
  his commands and follow his rules. He can't injure you, and he has to provide
  food and shelter, plus keep you in good health. You are required to wear a
  collar to identify your status. Your legal rights are derived from what is
  called the Shariah  , Islamic law as interpreted in Saudi
  Arabia. If you are of the Muslim faith there are some additional restrictions.
  Remember, this island is Saudi territory."  
Cathy was puzzled by that last statement. "Islamic laws? You mean there are
  more than one set of laws? Will I have to learn to speak Arabic?"  
"No Arabic, but otherwise you have it right," Anna answered. "At the moment
  you fall under the Western system, pretty much what you are used to. Rights,
  trials, judges and juries, all the usual. But once you have one of these," Anna
  put a hand on her collar, "all those disappear. The only right you have is
  to be supported by your master. Everything else becomes a privilege, to be
  granted or withdrawn as he sees fit. You cannot travel, or even leave the house,
  unless you have his permission. You can own assets, such as property or investments,
  but you cannot use them without his approval. He can dictate what you wear,
  who you talk to, where you can go, if you can work, and in general what you
  are allowed to do. The only personal time or privacy you have is what he sees
  fit to grant you.  
"At any time during that first year you can opt out of the contract, providing
  you both agree on it. If you do, the program ends there and you are not eligible
  to proceed further, though you can start over later. If you make it through
  the first year, then you can move to the next phase, or you can extend the
  existing agreement a year at a time. Many couples choose to stop with the Basic
  if they find it meets their needs.  
"After the basic is complete, you can move to the next phase, the Unlimited
  agreement. It also has a fixed duration, three years, but there are some differences.
  For one, you cannot specify any contract provisions as to what he may or may
  not require from you. He alone can decide what the provisions of your agreement
  will be. All you can do is accept or reject the agreement, you cannot change
  it. You have no rights, no recourse; you become his property, a possession
  to do with as he pleases. As with the Basic, you must wear a collar. Also,
  you can't revoke the contract; that becomes his privilege alone.  
"As you can imagine an unlimited contract is a big step. Less than half try
  it, and only a few renew it. The last phase of the program is the same contract,
  but no time limit or revocation by either party. You can end the contract only
  with the equivalent of a divorce trial, and whoever wants to end it must show
  cause. You belong to him for a lifetime." Anna stopped for a moment then added, "I'm
  currently in the last year of our three year Unlimited. I hope my master will
  choose to renew it without the time limit.  
"And no, you don't have to learn Arabic. English is the predominant language
  here, though there is a Muslim section where Arabic and Farsi are spoken. Mosque
  services and Friday prayers are in Arabic, and there are Islamic schools which
  teach in Arabic, Farsi and English. You should learn about the local customs
  and some of the Bedouin or Persian traditions before visiting those areas."  
Mark had told Cathy about the ownership program, so it wasn't a surprise.
  But seeing Anna sitting across the table, the steel ring secured around her
  throat, turned an abstract into reality. Cathy was sure of what she wanted,
  and that included being where Anna was now. The question now was if she had
  the determination and ability to get there, and if it was what Mark wanted
  too.  
She had been married to Mark long enough to build up her trust and feel assured
  in her submission to him. Now she was ready for the next step, giving herself
  to him without reservation, obedient to his every order, serving him in any
  way he wished, devoted to his needs and desires. When she had confessed her
  secret to him, what she wanted, he had surprised her by explaining that it
  was possible, and he knew how to do it. They had spent many hours planning
  this move. Time and again he had made sure she sincerely wanted to proceed,
  and more important she understood the changes in her life that would come from
  it. He had tried to scare her, making up worst-case scenarios where he turned
  into some kind of monster, but she knew better. Mark was one of the kindest
  and most decent men she had ever met. He had never given her any reason to
  doubt him or her determination to be the best wife and companion to him that
  she could be.  
"That's the end of my little lecture. John will be coming to pick us up in
  a few minutes. He'll take you to your house, and we'll give you a short tour
  on the way there. Do you have any questions in the meantime?"  
Cathy thought about it. There was so much to learn, but she had time. Her
  first task was to get their new home ready for Mark's arrival. "I don't think
  so, but I really don't know enough to ask. I'll need to get the house in shape
  first, plus groceries and household things. I don't know my way around yet."  
"Oh, don't worry about the housekeeping, I'm here to help. John has given
  me permission to show you around town tomorrow. I hope you will have dinner
  with us this evening? He was looking forward to welcoming our new neighbor."  
"Neighbor? You live close by? I haven't seen the place yet." Mark hadn't
  mentioned they lived so near.  
"We are right behind you. There is a small stand of trees between your backyard
  and ours. It is an island you know; afraid the lots for houses are not all
  that big. We try to keep development to a minimum. No big mansions here, just
  the usual suburban houses."  
At that moment a man entered the lounge. From Anna's reaction he was obviously
  her master. She turned to face him and kept her eyes on him as he approached,
  all but ignoring Cathy. Cathy turned in her chair to get a better look. John
  Leeds would not stand out in a crowd, average height and looks, but she could
  sense in the confident way he carried himself that he was indeed a dominant
  man.  
"Hello Cathy, nice to see you again. I see you've met Anna already." He turned
  to Anna. "Did you have enough time to cover the preliminary information? Do
  you need a moment more?"  
"No sir, we are done for today. I was just passing on your invitation for
  Cathy to have dinner with us." Cathy watched Anna closely. This was her first
  opportunity to see the interaction of Anna and her master. For the moment Anna
  would be her role model, at least until Cathy had a better idea of life on
  the Island.  
"Very good. Cathy? Mark asked me to make sure you got settled in. I received
  a text message via satellite link from him a few hours ago, he asked to pass
  on that he will be in the Congo for a few more days and then will be on his
  way here to join you. I'm sorry he wasn't able to be with you on your arrival
  but he was urgently needed in the field.  
"Until he gets back we'll make sure everything goes smoothly for you. I hope
  you will join Anna and me for dinner tonight?"  
"I'd love to sir, thank you for the invitation and for passing on Mark's
  message. I appreciate all you and Anna are doing for me. I admit as a newcomer
  I'm a bit overwhelmed." It was only after she finished that Cathy realized
  the sir  had crept in. It had not been intentional, but
  somehow it felt right. She would have to ask Anna about it the next time they
  got to talk alone. Neither of them commented on it, so she felt safe in assuming
  it was not out of place.  
"My pleasure. If you're ready to go? The car is in the lot outside the front
  door, this way." As Cathy stood she noticed how he took hold of Anna's arm
  before she got out of the chair. He kept a hand on her back as they went out
  the building entrance into the parking lot.  
When they reached the car he opened one of the rear doors. "Why don't you
  and Anna ride in the back? Anna can be the tour guide while I concentrate on
  driving. We'll take the long way home so you can see some of the town." Cathy
  got in and he closed her door. He led Anna around to the other rear door, opened
  it for her, and closed it as she sat down. He got in and started the car. "We'll
  go through the shopping district first. It's the closest to the port."  
Cathy didn't recognize the make or model of the car. She didn't hear any
  engine noise as he started. John noticed her puzzled look. "It's electric,
  all the cars and most trucks and buses are electric. It's very difficult to
  ship in gasoline, expensive and dangerous, but we have plenty of electric power,
  so this works out best." He added, "The island has a nuclear reactor for the
  power plant. Don't worry, it's very safe. Notice how clean the air is? No oil,
  no coal. No long distances either. Drive too far and you wind up in the ocean." They
  all laughed at the joke.  
He pulled out of the parking lot and drove along the road toward the town
  center. The ubiquitous palm trees lined the road. To Cathy the scenery was
  reminiscent of southern California, except for the occasional odd looking native
  tree or bush. Within a few minutes they were in the town. "Anna, you may begin." His
  voice was low and the tone soft, but Cathy sensed it was an order.  
"Yes sir. We have a good selection of the staples, Cathy, but you will have
  to remember we are isolated. You can order just about anything, but it takes
  time to get here. The only items you have to be concerned about are alcohol
  and some food products. You can get them, but they require special handling.
  Most everything has to be shipped to one of our outside contacts, either in
  South Africa, the Maldives or the Seychelle Islands, before it's loaded on
  one of the ships and brought here. I'm sure you already know there is no air
  service. You should plan ahead about three weeks for anything you might need.
  One plus, we have first rate communications to the rest of the world. Phone,
  satellite TV, even internet connections. And if anyone asks, you are somewhere
  in a remote section of Saudi Arabia. Our standard line is that for security
  purposes we aren't allowed to divulge the precise location."  
Anna went on to point out the stores she liked and what could be found in
  them. There were several restaurants, a park, a library, and a performing arts
  building in the center of town. Cathy observed several women wearing collars
  among the pedestrians on the sidewalks. In one case it seemed as if the collared
  woman had her hands bound behind her back and was being led by the man next
  to her.  
Anna stopped her travelogue as she noticed where Cathy's attention had shifted. "You
  saw that? It's one more consideration when, or if, you decide to accept a collar.
  The loss of freedom is not an abstract idea. If he decides she is not allowed
  the use of her hands, then she learns to do without. There's nothing she can
  do about it either, as you saw. If she called out for help, her pleas would
  be ignored. In fact, passers by would expect her to be reprimanded for causing
  a commotion." Cathy nodded to show she understood. Despite the outward appearance
  this really was a fundamentally different place.  
They left downtown and headed into some low hills outside town, the residential
  district. Homes dotted the semi-tropical landscape. He turned the car onto
  a side street and pulled into the driveway of a modest house. As Cathy opened
  her door to get out she noticed Anna sitting with her hands in her lap, waiting.
  John opened her door and held out a hand to help Anna out of the car. Nothing
  was said, but Cathy recognized what had happened. She had waited for permission
  to get out of the car. Once again he kept a hand on her as they walked toward
  the front door of the house.  
"You can go right over to your house, Cathy, there's a path through our back
  yard. I'm sure you'd like to look around and rest for a few minutes. Anna will
  give you a call later and when you are ready we'll go out to eat." He opened
  the front door and waited for the two women to precede him.  
"Yes sir, I would like a short rest. Would an hour be okay?" Cathy did feel
  tired and wanted some time alone.  
"That's fine. Anna, why don't you show Cathy to her back door? Here are your
  house keys. You will find your luggage in the front room. Come on over when
  you're ready, no rush." He handed a key chain to Cathy. Anna started toward
  the rear door at the back of their house.  
Once in the back yard Cathy could see the trees that separated their homes.
  Anna led her through them on a cobblestone path to the back door of the Cathy's
  new place. "Here we are. The weather is nice so we leave our back door open,
  just come on over and yell when you are ready. And Cathy? Don't worry. It really
  is a lovely place here and you will never regret coming." Anna waved and headed
  back to her house. Cathy went into her new home with the hope that Anna was
  right.  
First Night   
Cathy watched Anna head back through the trees from the rear kitchen window.
  A new home, new friends, and a new life; it would take some time to adjust
  to all of it. She picked up a bag from her pile of luggage and took it into
  the bedroom. For now she would unpack just the bare essentials. She opened
  the garment bag and hung some outfits in the closet. No serious wrinkles so
  she could wear one to dinner.  
She thought about Mark somewhere out in the vast countryside of central Africa.
  She knew it wasn't jungle or rain forest where he was staying. Farmland, small
  villages, and low mountains dotted with some of the richest mines in the world.
  That was how he had described it. It was also a country with rampant civil
  wars breaking out every few years. She couldn't help but worry about him, even
  after all his assurances.  
There was a clock radio on the nightstand. Glancing at the time, she decided
  a quick shower and a short nap would fit in her schedule. The trip by sea had
  been long enough for her to gradually get used to the time change, so she wasn't
  tired from jet lag. She headed into the small bathroom off the master bedroom.
  As Anna had warned her, it was very middle class suburban. No golden fixtures
  or roman style bathtubs, all she found was a plain shower. She took off her
  clothes and climbed in.  
The hot water felt good. Whoever had furnished the house had been kind enough
  to leave a new bar of some nice smelling soap for her. Mark had told her the
  water was actually from the Indian Ocean. Given the surplus of electricity,
  the Island had several desalinization plants to convert sea water and store
  it in reservoirs and cisterns, so the Island's natural water supplies weren't
  depleted. There were no water restrictions to prevent her from enjoying a long,
  luxurious shower.  
Afterward she lay down on the bed to get some rest and think about the day.
  She ran through the radio stations; some in were other languages but she was
  relieved to find a number in English. Settling on an easy listening format
  she stretched out on the bed. Be careful what you wish for,  was
  her first reaction to what she had seen so far. Everything could come true
  just as Mark had promised, but was it the best choice for the two of them?
  She would have to pay careful attention to everything she saw in the next few
  weeks.  
Could she sign away her life to Mark? In her mind she had already done so,
  but up to now she knew if it all went horribly wrong she had the option to
  walk away. Could she give up that last little bit of control, even if it was
  only for a year? How well did she really trust him? Would her dream fantasy
  turn into a nightmare reality?  
She stopped. This always happened when he left her alone too long. If Mark
  were here she wouldn't be having all those doubts and questions. Until they
  were together again her job was to learn, not to talk herself into a bout of
  depression fueled by insecurity. Cathy checked the clock. It was late enough
  to start getting ready for dinner. She was beginning to feel hungry too. The
  food on the ship wasn't that bad, but the crew had all been from Asia and many
  of the dishes had been unfamiliar to her. It would be nice to eat a normal
  meal, something without curry or coconut milk in it. Roast beef and
  mashed potatoes would be nice , she thought , but they
  are probably foreign and exotic here  .  
She got up and went to the closet. What to wear?  She
  should have asked Anna where they were going. Cathy settled on a skirt and
  blouse combination that might be out of place at a burger stand or a fancy
  gourmet room but would be appropriate for a casual night out with friends.
  She got dressed and headed out the back door.  
It was still light out, which confused her for a moment before she remembered.
  Southern hemisphere, it was springtime here and the days were getting longer
  instead of shorter. Just as Anna had said, their back door was open. Cathy
  knocked on the open door and called out.  
Anna appeared almost immediately. "Hi, come on in. I'll tell John you're
  here as soon as he gets off the phone." Cathy was relieved to see Anna had
  changed into a casual dress. No evening gown, so they wouldn't be going anywhere
  formal.  
"Hi Anna, I forgot to ask where we will be going for dinner. Is this okay?" Cathy
  gestured to her own outfit.  
"Sure, I think he was going to take us to an American style steak house.
  He mentioned you were probably tired of African and Asian cooking. How does
  a T-bone and baked potato sound?"  
"I'm ready to sell my soul for one." They both laughed.  
John must have heard them talking because he walked into the kitchen where
  the two women were standing. "Hi Cathy, ready to get some real food? I promise,
  not a hint of squid or banana leaf, and you will recognize everything on the
  menu. By the way, the office just got another satellite link message from Mark.
  He's in the field inspecting the route for the power transmission lines. He
  should reach the capital in two days and from there will catch a flight to
  the Seychelle Islands, where he can meet the next ship heading to the Island.
  You should expect him within no more than a week from now if the weather holds.
  He asked me to tell you he would call as soon as he gets to Victoria, that's
  the main city in the Seychelles. He might get through from Kinshasa before
  his flight out but the phones aren't too reliable in the Congo."  
"Thank you, sir. I worry when he has to go to places like that, but I know
  it's his job. And I would love to have some real food." Cathy knew her husband
  was an idealist at heart, that he took the assignment in Africa because he
  saw it as bringing the modern world to some of the most deprived people. The
  only problem was not everyone agreed with him, and some of those people had
  guns. Still, he didn't go into the really dangerous areas. He had promised
  her he would never go to any country with active rebels or guerilla units.
  Going to the Congo was skirting that promise but at the moment the countryside
  was quiet.  
"Okay, if everyone is ready?" Both Cathy and Anna nodded. "Then let's go
  eat." They all headed out the door and got into the car. As before, John opened
  the rear door for Cathy first followed by Anna's door. He started the car and
  drove back toward the center of town, following the same route from earlier
  in the day. The sun was setting as he pulled into the parking lot in front
  of the restaurant.  
This would be Cathy's first real opportunity to see how Anna and her master
  acted in public, in a normal social setting. It was obvious from the way Anna
  waited for John to open doors that he was controlling her, but Cathy wanted
  to see the other subtle differences that came with living on the Island. Aside
  from the collar around her neck, Anna would not stand out in public anywhere
  else in the world. Why did they come here  , she wondered,  what
  was so different about this place?  Perhaps tonight there would
  be something that told her it really was worth the trip.  
They went into the restaurant. The first surprise, the hostess also had a
  collar around her neck, though from what Cathy could see none of the other
  female employees had one. John had called ahead for reservations so they didn't
  have to wait for a table. The hostess seated them immediately, but Cathy caught
  the nod from John before the hostess returned to the front door. Had he actually
  dismissed her, or had she simply waited to see if everything was in order?
  Yet one more question to ask.  
A waiter brought the menus. He handed one to Cathy, and the other two to
  John. He asked if they would like any drinks before dinner but pointedly did
  not look at Anna. John ordered a beer for himself and iced tea for Anna, then
  turned to Cathy. She thought for a moment then added an iced tea for herself.
  Out of the corner of her eye she watched as John opened a menu, glanced at
  it, and handed it to Anna. Cathy was sure something unusual had just happened.
  She decided to ask, "John? Do you mind if I ask you a question?"  
"Sure, Cathy, what is it?" He looked up from the menu.  
"Just now, the waiter didn't hand Anna a menu, or ask if she wanted a drink.
  Why is that?"  
Anna looked to John, to see if he would answer. He turned toward her and
  said, "Anna, why don't you explain."  
"Yes sir. Cathy, this collar signifies I belong to my master. If I am permitted
  to look at a menu then he will hand one to me. Same for selecting a drink or
  food, the waiter rightly expects my master to order for me. He was not ignoring
  me; he was respecting the collar I wear and my master's rights over me. If
  John had given me permission to order, from that point on the waiter would
  ask me, but the key difference here is he assumes John will act on my behalf.
  In fact, if I had spoken up and told the waiter I wanted iced tea, without
  waiting for John, he would have disregarded me until John gave some indication
  he approved. Far from ignoring me, the waiter was being polite.  
"There is another principle at work here you should know about as well. Under
  Islamic law and tradition a proper woman minimizes her interactions with a
  strange man, speaking to him as little as possible and in neutral tone of voice.
  I know, sounds archaic, but it still applies here. Since John is with me the
  waiter would naturally start with him. You noticed he asked John for the drink
  order first, then you? That was because John did not speak up and order for
  you, a cue that the waiter could talk to you directly.  
"Fortunately, not everything comes from Middle Eastern traditions. The dress
  code isn't mandatory, so I don't have to wear one of those coverall burqa  type
  dresses. Unless he orders it, then I wouldn't have a choice."  
Anna's explanation made sense to Cathy. This was the information she had
  been looking for, the ways people would look at and treat her differently with
  a collar in place. But there was one piece missing, so she asked Anna. "What
  if John weren't here, just the two of us, what would the waiter have done?"  
"Well, first thing he would want is an explanation of why I was out after
  hours without my master. I'd be in considerable trouble. The restaurant staff
  would detain me until the police arrived. Anyone with a collar has a curfew,
  6pm to 6am, no travel except in the company of one's owner or a mahram  .
  That's an Arabic word that refers to a male member of the immediate family
  or household that can act in place of one's husband. The definition here on
  the Island is a liberal one. A mahram  can be a trusted
  friend as well.  
"Now if this were lunch it would be different. Assuming I had permission
  to meet you then the waiter would have asked you for your order first, and
  then turned to me. He would not assume you would order for me, since it's obvious
  you are not my master or a mahram  ."  
Cathy thought about it for a moment. Something didn't sound quite right. "Wait
  a minute, how would he know you don't have a mistress instead of a master?"  
John laughed and Anna smiled, "Cathy, remember where you are now. For one
  thing, it isn't possible simply because it is outlawed here. Islamic law is
  very clear when it comes to any relationship like that. For another reason,
  this island exists to provide a shelter for a group of people with definite
  ideas on how they want to live. There are dominant males, submissive females,
  and that's it. We are all here because we believe that's how we should live.
  Anyone who disagrees is asked to leave. Is it prejudice, discrimination, a
  sign of intolerance? I suppose so, but that's why we choose to live apart."  
Anna continued. "Now it's true I can't leave here, at least not of my own
  accord, but no one forced me to come. When I signed away my freedom I knew
  exactly what I was doing. I love it here and have no desire to go back to the
  outside world, but if for some reason I couldn't take it anymore, I trust John
  to do what's best for me, either to keep me here or allow me to leave. I'm
  sure there are a small number of unwilling inhabitants, but they all knew in
  advance what would happen and what this island was like. I am here because
  I want what this island represents. If the laws seem unjust to someone else,
  well that's too bad. I want those laws in place to preserve the kind of life
  I want."  
John held up a hand to stop her. "Anna is very passionate about protecting
  our little corner of paradise. The truth is we are exclusionary. We do not
  invite in people who would disapprove of our society or have trouble fitting
  in. If a mistake is made we have procedures to correct the error. We are not
  fanatics. As Anna said, she cannot leave, but if I saw she was miserable here
  I would take her back to the outside world. I'm sure most of the other men
  here would do the same. For the few who won't, that's why we have time limits."  
John was interrupted by the waiter returning with the drinks. He asked if
  they were ready to order. John looked to Cathy and asked what she would like.  
"I'd like the T-bone steak, well done, with baked potato and ranch dressing
  on the salad," Cathy told the waiter.  
Nodding toward Anna, John ordered for her. "She'll have the Ribeye steak,
  medium well done, sweet potatoes, and Italian dressing on her salad. I'll have
  the Delmonico, medium rare, with fries and the soup. Add a side order of mushrooms
  in butter too." The waiter took down the orders and left.  
"I can anticipate your next question, Cathy. That's Anna's preferred meal
  when we come here. Since she didn't pick up the menu or say anything I knew
  what she wanted. There's no rule on doing that, it's just something between
  us. By the way, the beef comes from cattle ranches in Kenya. The taste is a
  little different so be prepared."  
The dinner conversation continued on with other subjects. Cathy told them
  about southern California and Los Angeles. She was surprised to learn John
  and Anna were Canadian, from a rural town in Alberta. The Island was a very
  cosmopolitan place, with residents from all over the world. After the waiter
  delivered their plates and cleared the salad bowls, John explained about how
  the influence of Muslim law came to be.  
"The island had no sovereignty, no guarantee of independence. The people
  living here at that time knew something had to be done. Some felt South Africa
  should be approached, but then the UN embargo was voted in and that became
  impossible. This place survives by trading on the expertise of its people.
  The embargo would have led to economic disaster. India wasn't considered because
  the politics there are chaotic, nor did the Island want to become embroiled
  in a possible war with either Pakistan or China. Then someone suggested the
  Persian Gulf states, Saudi Arabia or Oman. The Omani sultan wasn't interested
  because we were not predominately Arabic, but to the surprise of almost everyone
  the Saudi king indicated he would consider annexing the Island.  
"There were conditions of course. The primary duty of the Saudi king is to
  protect Islam and the two holy shrines, the cities of Mecca and Medina. He
  didn't demand conversion of everyone to Islam, but he did insist that the laws
  follow Sharia  , a code of conduct derived from the Koran.
  A mosque had to be built, and for believers the laws had to essentially match
  Saudi Arabia. Non-believers are tolerated since there are no holy shrines here,
  but the secular requirements of Sharia  had to be merged
  with Western law. Quite a bit of negotiation went on, but eventually an agreement
  was reached and we became a self-governing autonomous province of the Saudi
  kingdom.  
"There are some exemptions from the less tolerant Saudi laws. Alcohol is
  allowed but not public intoxication; pork is available but can't be sold on
  the street in an open market; women are allowed to work alongside men and drive
  a car; and the requirement to attend prayers was set aside. The hijab  ,
  a head cover, was made optional for those women not of the Muslim faith. Laws
  of inheritance though must follow Sharia  if you are a
  permanent resident."  
"How has it worked out for you and Anna?" Cathy asked. "What were the biggest
  changes you had to make?" She could live without a can of beer and a bag of
  pork rinds but was a little anxious about the rest.  
"The major change is in how responsibility is assigned." John continued, "I
  now have a legal mandate to take care of Anna. There are minimum standards
  I have to meet; I think Anna has told you about them too. We don't have to
  attend a mosque for prayers, but it is expected that we donate to charity commensurate
  with our financial status. We can't accept interest from loans, but we can
  collect dividends on ventures that share risk, which means we had to change
  some of our retirement investments from bonds and mortgages to common stock.
  That's both of us; even though Anna wears a collar she is entitled by law to
  her own assets and property. This may also surprise you&hellip;she is allowed
  to take a reasonable amount from my assets if I fail to provide for her, but
  I cannot make use of her finances without her agreement. Anna, tell her how
  your responsibilities changed too."  
Anna looked up from her plate on hearing her name. She picked up the conversation
  while her master ate his dinner. "I have real security here. No worrying about
  making a living on my own or anything like that. I have a guarantee he won't
  abandon me. I know he will always be there for me, no matter what. I don't
  have to make the hard choices. You know what I mean, the times it seems you
  will hurt someone no matter what you do. I have the priceless luxury of letting
  my master decide for me.  
"I always know what I'm supposed to do, every day. I don't have to guess
  or anticipate. I can tell John anything without fear of making him angry or
  disappointing him. He tells me exactly what he wants, and if I'm not sure he
  explains to me how to accomplish it. The biggest worry in my life is what to
  fix for dinner, providing he doesn't decide that too.  
"But, I no longer control my own destiny. Except for a few conditions we
  agreed on, and those were written down in the contract, he has virtually unlimited
  control over my life. And here comes the real differentiation between the Island
  and the outside world. He has a legal right to demand my obedience. My consent
  ends with my signature on a piece of paper. From that point on I can't tell
  him no. He gets the last word if we disagree, whether I like it or not.  
"Now you might think it doesn't make a difference. After all, you want to
  serve him anyway. That's why you are together. But after a few days, when the
  excitement dies down, you get up one morning, look in the mirror at the collar
  around your neck, and realize you can't take it off. For better or worse, as
  the vows go," Anna smiled, "you serve and obey your husband and master. You
  can't give up and walk away if it becomes too much. You are committed to making
  your relationship work, to bring the fantasy into reality.  
"I can promise you there will come a time when you feel like he can't understand
  you at all, that he's deliberately being mean, arrogant, stubborn, and unreasonable.
  You will be boiling mad, so angry with him you can't even talk. However he
  decides to handle your outburst, you have to accept it, even if it means he
  makes you stand in the corner for hours." Anna pointedly looked over at John,
  who stopped eating long enough to laugh. "Through all that I knew no matter
  how furious I was with him, still I could not disobey. Part of it is the submissive
  side in me, but in a way it was easier to accept because this collar was a
  constant reminder that there was no loophole, no escape clause. It wasn't just
  the two of us; in effect I had made a public promise to everyone on this island.
  If I broke that promise I would have to answer not only to my master but also
  to the community as a whole. So I stood in the corner as he ordered, silently
  fuming. Eventually I calmed down, but I had to stand there staring at the wall
  until he ended my punishment. He made me sit down and explain why I was so
  upset. We both made some changes, and it solved that particular problem."  
Cathy took a bite of her steak and thought about what Anna had just told
  her. Could she give Mark the same kind of unconditional obedience? And would
  he be patient with her? As Anna had described, it would not be her choice to
  stay or leave. Did she really trust Mark that much? She had never disobeyed
  in the past, and could not imagine a situation where she would want to leave
  him. Still, he would have an unprecedented amount of power over her, more than
  he had ever experienced before. Would he change for the worse because of it?
  For that matter, how would it change her?  
One question she had been avoiding, but now had to ask. "Anna, what would
  have happened if you had walked out the door? If you really couldn't take it
  anymore and just had to leave."  
John sat back in his chair, one hand holding his beer glass, watching Anna
  as she answered. "Well, it's not something we like to talk about here. If I
  had tried to leave the house, I imagine John would have stopped me. If I somehow
  got away and ran off, then it would be serious. It doesn't happen very often,
  but running away is actually a crime, the equivalent of a felony. I don't know
  where I would have gone; no one would help in a situation like that. Sooner
  or later I would be caught by the police, or turned in by friends." Anna turned
  to look at her master. "What would happen after that I don't know. There is
  some sort of hearing where John would have to appear before a judge. Then I
  would be punished.  
"There was a case like that about a year ago. The woman ran away from her
  master and hid in the forest in the interior of the Island for several days.
  Eventually she was apprehended by the police when she tried to sneak into town.
  After the hearing she was sent to a disciplinary center. I don't know for how
  long, or what happens in there. For all practical purposes it's a prison, on
  a small island by itself. I don't know anyone who has been there."  
That shocked Cathy. Prison, Police, Court?  She hadn't
  realized it went so far. The words legally enforceable   didn't
  seem that significant when Mark had first told her about the Island. She had
  some half-formed idea those who broke the agreement would be asked to leave.
  Now she understood how it was enforced. She finished her meal with small talk,
  lost in thought about what Anna had told her.  
After dinner as they were heading back to the car, Cathy started to ask Anna
  if they could get together again tomorrow, then she stopped before speaking. Who
  should she ask?  Better to start with John first. In the car she
  turned to him and asked, "Sir? Anna mentioned she would be assisting me to
  prepare in accepting a collar, and to help me settle in here. I'd like to go
  over some matters tomorrow with her, should I ask you first, or what?"  
John nodded in approval, "You catch on quick, Cathy. Arrange schedules with
  Anna. Feel free to call her at any time. If there is a conflict she will let
  you know. Anna has permission to help you out any way she can, including frank
  answers to your questions. I'm sure there are subjects you would feel more
  comfortable discussing without me around. Anna? Why don't you two have lunch
  tomorrow? Then run by the grocery store. I'm sure Cathy has to stock up in
  the kitchen."  
Anna looked over at Cathy, who nodded in agreement. "Yes sir, we need a few
  things too. Cathy, come on over when you are ready tomorrow, anytime after
  9am."  
A few minutes later they were back at John and Anna's house. John invited
  her to stay and visit but Cathy declined. She was tired and still had much
  to do getting the house ready for Mark. She headed straight home through the
  trees between their yards to her back door.  
A quick look in the kitchen confirmed she needed to go shopping. There were
  a few basics, some bread and coffee for breakfast but not much else. First
  task in the morning would be a grocery list. And she would have a list of questions
  for Anna. Cathy headed for the bedroom and some sleep. Her first day had come
  with some surprises, but she still felt Mark had made a good choice in bringing
  her to the Island. Seeing the interaction between John and Anna made her yearn
  for the same for Mark and herself. Sprawled across the empty bed she imagined
  the weight of a collar around her own throat.  
Mark would put it there. He'd have the only key, so she could never take
  it off. It was a real, tangible symbol of the excitement of actually being
  owned, his hold on her so strong she could never resist him. She had to ask
  Anna about the legal issues though. She trusted Mark with her life, but she
  wanted a better understanding of what she would be giving up to him. It sounded
  scary the way Anna had described it. She had a fleeting vision of the police
  carrying her off because she didn't want to wash the dishes, but it couldn't
  really be that bad. Anna didn't seem to worry about it, and that made Cathy
  rest easier.  
Two for Lunch   
In the morning Cathy started in the kitchen with her grocery list, followed
  by a walk through the house to see what else she would need. Mark would be
  in the middle of his field work today, somewhere out in the countryside. Her
  only warning would be the phone call before he boarded the next ship to the
  Island. She knew his work surveying the power line route was hot, dirty and
  difficult. Dangerous too, but she tried to keep that part out of her mind.
  He would arrive exhausted, so she wanted the house to be perfect when he walked
  through the door.  
He had a predictable routine after a long trip. Rest the first day, and the
  second day&hellip;.Cathy smiled. The second day was the one she looked forward
  to, a day he set aside for her. They never left the house on those second days,
  so she had to make sure they would have everything he might want. The third
  day he would head back to the office to write up his report, which worked out
  well as Cathy always needed a day to recover.  
Mark had already set up a local bank account for them, plus she had some
  cash left over from traveling. Fortunately the Island used American dollars
  so she wouldn't have to change any currency. She looked in her purse to see
  how much she had left, then stopped while counting the bills when she realized
  this might be the last time she ever handled money. Mark had always managed
  their finances, though he did take the time to explain to her each month what
  their position was and how the investments were doing. She didn't think much
  about it as it was one of those areas she was only too happy to turn over to
  him. They had worked out what she would require for the household budget and
  her own personal needs. Anything beyond that she would tell him, and he would
  see to it. She would have to keep in mind that shipping costs raised prices
  here compared to California, but low taxes made up for it.  
Satisfied she had enough cash for shopping, Cathy checked the clock. It was
  after nine; she should call Anna. There was time for one last stroll through
  the house to see if she had missed anything, before she picked up the phone.
  Anna answered and invited her over for a cup of coffee while they planned the
  day.  
She dropped the list in her purse before she headed toward Anna's back door.
  As usual it was open to let in the cool sea breeze. Anna was in the kitchen
  and waved at Cathy to come on in. They sat down at the kitchen table, cups
  of coffee at hand. Cathy started with a question she had been pondering all
  last night.  
"Anna, about what you told me last night, the part about legally enforceable.
  Could your husband really send you to prison for not ironing his shirts?"  
Anna laughed. "In theory he does have the power to do that, but it would
  be pretty silly on his part and the judges who would listen to the complaint
  wouldn't take kindly to having their time wasted on something trivial. Don't
  worry about that part, Cathy. That's the last resort, calling in the authorities,
  and not something taken lightly. Before they would get involved it would have
  to be serious, like attempting to leave the Island without permission. Besides,
  if he wants to make your life miserable he can do it on his own, without any
  help from the police.  
"You are making a common mistake, looking for the extreme case and assuming
  no compassion. Remember you know this man pretty well, or you wouldn't be here.
  Nor would you be willing to wear his collar unless you trusted him to treat
  you decently, or at least the way you would prefer. Why would he suddenly turn
  mean and abusive? This isn't a stranger you just met; you've been with him
  for a few years."  
Cathy took a sip of coffee, thinking about it. Anna did make sense, what
  reason would Mark have to turn on her? He had never given her any cause to
  doubt his sincerity or his character. "I suppose you're right, but it's so
  different, just knowing that one word from him and my life is ruined. I guess
  it's the enormity of the risk, having to trust him to a degree that I never
  had to face before."  
Anna smiled as she picked up her coffee. "Yes, but that risk is part of the
  excitement too. I want to please John in any way I can, especially the ways
  he demands from me. I know he won't have me locked up if I fail, but I also
  know he could do it. It's that extra little bit of motivation for me to be
  obedient. I don't do it out of fear, but still, well, there is that little
  voice warning me I had better do it anyway because I have to. It's the law,
  in a very literal way."  
"That's the one part that bothers me. If anything goes wrong&hellip;" Cathy's
  voice trailed off. She didn't know what to say.  
Anna understood what she was trying to put into words. "What we do here on
  the Island, Cathy, it's something every woman has to come to terms with on
  her own. I try to keep my own opinions from coloring my work with new arrivals
  but I think in this case it would help with some of your questions.  
"I have two simple guidelines: make an informed decision, and then stick
  to it. The first one you're doing right now, and so you know I asked the same
  questions when we moved here. It's so tempting, giving yourself to the man
  you love, you don't want to ask those tough questions. But there will be a
  time when obeying him takes every last bit of determination on your part, so
  you have to be ready when it happens. The first time he says no and you just
  can't comprehend how he can be so stupid, foolish, and pigheaded stubborn,
  you have to be prepared to live with it. That's what I mean by informed; you
  knew in advance what could happen, and how few options you would have. If you
  choose to proceed then you accept all the consequences.  
"Now, enough of the depressing talk. What are our plans for today? John gave
  me permission to go out, but I should send him a note to let him know where
  we're going. If at all possible I am supposed to tell him our schedule before
  we leave. We have all day free, but I have to be back in the house by 4:30." Cathy
  noticed that Anna already wore the travel permit and debit card around her
  neck.  
Cathy took out her list. "I need groceries, plus some towels and linens.
  We can do the food last. I'd like to look around some of the department stores
  first, then we can get some lunch. A few more stores and then the supermarket
  last?"  
"Alright, let me make a list of places we can go and where we'll stop for
  lunch. I need groceries too. Give me a few minutes to send John an e-mail of
  our plans then we can get started." Anna went into the living room and came
  back with a laptop. While they finished the coffee, she told Cathy about the
  stores as she typed out a message. When it was ready she sent it to John at
  his work address. "He just set this up for me, a wireless laptop. It only works
  inside the house or in the yard, but it's very convenient. It connects to our
  house computer, which forwards everything on to the Island network. He should
  get it right away. I usually wait a few minutes in case he replies. That is,
  if he isn't busy with something."  
Cathy watched as Anna worked at the computer. She made a mental note to ask
  Mark about staying in touch throughout the day. It hadn't been possible at
  his last job because of company policy against using workstations for personal
  business, but that might not be a problem here. She asked Anna about the arrangement
  they had.  
"I try to keep him updated on what I'm doing while he's at work, at least
  two e-mails at times he has set for me. Using the phone is inconvenient because
  he might be busy. With e-mail he can check it while taking a break, so I don't
  become a distraction. He prefers to keep track of me during the day, and I
  guess I kind of like it too, especially the way I have to stay focused on what
  we've planned for my day. I tend to be impulsive, easily distracted. It works
  out well as I get time to myself, but he always has overall control and approval
  of everything." Anna looked up from the laptop for a moment. "I sent our plans
  for the day to him. I don't have to wait for an answer, but I usually give
  him about five minutes. After that I can assume a tacit approval even if he
  doesn't reply."  
Cathy nodded as she took another sip from her cup. She hadn't considered
  the possibilities of being able to talk to Mark all day long, but now that
  she saw how it could work she found the idea intriguing. She asked Anna. "Is
  it common, what you are doing now? Do companies object to it?"  
Anna looked up from the laptop screen. "Very few companies restrict personal
  usage. Managers know it's necessary for employees, like John, and Mark, to
  keep in touch with us. The policy can vary by company, some even allow video
  feeds. A friend of mine can watch her master at work all day long through a
  networked camera he set up for her."  
John had not answered by the time they finished their coffee, so they decided
  to leave without waiting any longer. Anna drove them to the commercial center
  in town where they stopped to visit several shops. Cathy noticed collared women
  in the stores, all of whom had the same combination of travel and debit cards
  on a necklace. Back in the car she asked Anna about it.  
"It's a law. We must have our travel card visible at all times. If not someone
  would stop and detain me until the police came. You may not notice it, but
  when we go into a store the clerk will look to see if it's visible. If I bought
  anything the cashier would check the picture as well. Even walking along the
  street, people will look to see if it's there. It's one way everyone cooperates
  to enforce rules. Were John to decide I should stay at home, all he has to
  do is take the card."  
The idea of a permit bothered Cathy. She felt her obedience should be based
  on trust, not a card. If Mark didn't give her permission to leave the house
  then she would stay inside. She didn't need any one else to remind her. She
  said as much to Anna.  
"Oh no, Cathy, you are looking at it the wrong way. This card isn't about
  a lack of trust, it's about control. It is part of the structure given to us,
  and what makes this island so unique. I know the laws may seem to be restrictive
  and even unnecessary, but to me they are very important. I need to feel the
  limits, my boundaries, every minute of the day. This card is one of them. I
  know I can't walk out the door by myself without wearing it. I have to have
  his permission, in this case the card, just as I need to ask him about everything
  I do.  
"It changes the way you think Cathy. For example, this morning at the kitchen
  table. You saw it as planning our shopping trip, but in my mind I thought in
  terms of presenting what we would like to do, then seeing if John would approve.
  In this case I was sure he would, because he knew about it in advance. But
  to me there is always that extra step, ask first and make sure I have his permission.
  The collar, the cards, everything works to reinforce my place, a place where
  I submit and acknowledge his authority over me.  
There's one other reason for the card, though I don't feel comfortable talking
  about it. I do the grocery shopping. In order to eat John has to give me permission
  to go to the store. If he doesn't we starve, or he has to go instead. He has
  to keep track of me, even if he doesn't feel like it. The card system works
  to keep both of us focused on our obligations."  
"But what if he just hands you the cards and then tells you not to bother
  him? I don't understand." It still seemed one-sided to Cathy.  
"He can't do that. I'm not sure of the exact details, but I know he has to
  review the debit card and approve it each month. Same for the travel card,
  they expire unless he does something to renew, though I think I'm not supposed
  to know exactly what it is. If he ignores or forgets then I'm stuck at home.
  Like it or not he has to constantly make a deliberate decision to allow me
  those privileges. He has to pay attention to everything I do."  
Cathy thought about her explanation. "Does it bother you? That he knows every
  penny you spend, where you go and what you are doing? Don't you ever want a
  little privacy?"  
Anna shook her head. "No, I don't want to hide it from him and yes, I want
  him to have access to all that information. How he uses it is up to him. It's
  his right to know. If I do anything to interfere with it then I've broken a
  promise to him.  
"As for privacy, I have my own time when he's at work. When he comes home
  I want to be with him, not off on my own. Privacy is something I leave to him
  to determine. You'll hear this many times: your time is not your own. It's
  a saying we have here on the Island. Your owner has a right, one you can't
  qualify or deny, to know what you are doing at any moment, day or night."  
The way Anna explained it did make sense, and Cathy nodded in agreement.
  Yet one more point where island life diverged from the rest of the world. She
  was so forceful and zealous in her defense that Cathy realized those laws existed
  because women like Anna demanded them.  
"Ready to go? First stop is the dry goods store. I like their towels but
  the sheets are so-so." Anna continued, "After that I know a nice place that
  serves Mediterranean style salads and sandwiches. Greek, Italian, even North
  African dishes. And there's a good place to look at sheets nearby."  
Board Meeting   
Inspection over, the dorm supervisor dismissed them to go to work. Luisa
  hung back as the rest headed for the elevators. This particular Monday morning
  she wasn't in a hurry to get to the office, even though one of those countless
  company rules did not allow for tardiness. The office work she enjoyed, but
  today she would have to see him again. All weekend she had gone over last Friday
  night in her head, trying to figure out what had happened and what it all meant.
  Most of all she dreaded having to face Kurt. Not because of what
  he did, but because I don't know how to handle it  , she told herself.
  Something had changed inside her, but she couldn't put words to what it was.
  Her attempts to sort it out over the last two days had only left her more confused.  
She should have been outraged at his behavior. At the very least she ought
  to have reported everything to the dorm supervisor immediately. There were
  company policies about how she should be treated too. It included a respect
  for her personal space. She had every right to file a complaint. That's what
  she should have done, but it wasn't what happened. Instead she had spent a
  sleepless night with images of Kurt stuck in her head. His position in the
  company may have given him broad authority over her, something she still wasn't
  certain of, but she was positive he went over the line with the handcuffs.
  And then there was the incident in the elevator. No question he had crossed
  the bounds when he had, under any definition, attacked her.  
The problem was she didn't want to report him. In some way she still couldn't
  fathom he had gotten inside her head. In the restaurant she had submitted to
  being handcuffed without a word of protest. The rest of that evening she had
  been in some kind of trance, willing to do whatever he wanted and eager to
  please him in any way she could. Then, in the elevator, far from resisting
  she had been disappointed when he stopped.  
In retrospect, at the restaurant she should have refused immediately when
  he took out the handcuffs and announced his intentions. In the elevator she
  should have tried to push him away with a loud "No!" Except  ,
  she thought, except I didn't  . If she did file a complaint,
  she would have to explain why she cooperated when there was no coercion. That
  question she had tried unsuccessfully to answer all weekend.  
The crowd waiting for the elevators thinned out. Reluctantly, Luisa headed
  toward one, checking the hour on the wall clock. She could still make it on
  time. That was something else she still had to justify to herself. When the
  list of company rules had been presented to her, she had been determined to
  ignore as many as she could get away with, as a personal show of defiance.
  In her articles she had written several scathing essays on how ridiculous they
  were. But now she found herself unconsciously following those same rules in
  spirit and to the letter, even when no one would have known if she cheated.
  And why wasn't she going crazy in this environment? The first week had been
  occupied with non-stop plots to escape, but she didn't think in those terms
  anymore. The secret articles and the undercover spying were losing their attraction.
  She loved the work she was doing for Kurt, and the dorm wasn't that bad. Heck  ,
  she thought ruefully, I'm even getting used to these clothes  .
  She reached down and brushed away an imaginary piece of lint off her skirt.  
Inside the elevator she pressed the button for her floor and stood back.
  She could see her reflection in the mirror tiles that decorated the upper part
  of the elevator car. Her face was framed by her loose hair, as it fell around
  her shoulders. Luisa's eyes widened as she realized she had forgotten to tie
  back her hair this morning. No one had said anything to her, but then there
  was no restriction on wearing one's hair loose. Cutting it or changing color
  required approval but otherwise hairstyle was unregulated. She remembered that
  Kurt had mentioned he liked to see a woman wear her hair loose.  
The elevator stopped on her floor. Luisa stepped out into the hall and walked
  toward the open office door. Naturally, Kurt would already be there, working
  on a project. When she passed through the doorway she saw him at his desk in
  the inner office, reading some papers. He looked up as she came in, issued
  his perfunctory good morning greeting as usual and returned to his reading.
  She stopped at her workstation to turn it on and pick up her coffee cup, before
  heading to the pot on a table against the back wall. At Kurt's door she stopped
  and asked if he would like his mug filled. He looked in it before nodding and
  handing it to her. "Yes. I put a fresh pot on half an hour ago. It should be
  done now," he told her.  
She poured out the dregs into their tiny sink before rinsing his cup out.
  She poured his coffee, put in the one spoonful of sugar and swirled it with
  a stirring stick. Kneeling down she opened the door of their mini-refrigerator
  and took out two chilled creamer servings. She set his mug on a saucer and
  arranged the small creamer containers and a clean stirrer on the edge. Then
  she brought it back to him, placing a napkin on his desk before she put the
  saucer down. He had a habit of slowly adding the creamer as he drank his coffee,
  but he always put the sugar in first. She went back to the pot to pour a cup
  for herself.  
Sitting down at her workstation she brought up the morning's mail on her
  screen. She shook her head in amazement as she deleted the offers to get rich
  with pyramid schemes and the cryptic ads for Chinese cellular phones. Like
  cockroaches  , she thought, you clean and clean, but they
  still manage to sneak in. The person who invents a way to get rid of this junk
  will win the Nobel Prize and the gratitude of the entire world  .
  A few items remained after garbage collection. The first was a list of her
  assignments for the week from the dorm supervisor. Luisa groaned when she saw
  she had general housekeeping on two days. The next item was a surprise. The
  name was unfamiliar until she opened it and saw it was a thank you note for
  the effort they had put into the report. It was signed by the company president.
  His comments were gracious and made her feel appreciated. A good feeling immediately
  brought to an end by the last item. It was a summons from her oversight board
  to appear before them in one hour.  
Everyone in the training program dreaded when they were called in to their
  oversight board. Luisa had met hers once before, when she had first arrived.
  The board consisted of three individuals who were charged with evaluating each
  trainee and determining what was best for her. From listening and talking to
  the other women in the dorm she knew it was rarely good news when they wanted
  a talk. She read the terse message several times. No clue as to why, merely
  the time and place she should be present. They had a nasty habit of issuing
  short notices; there would be no time to prepare a defense even if she knew
  the reason behind their order. She would have to tell Kurt.  
Standing up, she turned to see if he was busy. He was stirring creamer into
  his coffee, looking at her with a thoughtful expression on his face. Walking
  over to his doorway she stopped, "Kurt, I just received an e-mail. I have to
  report to my oversight board this morning, at ten. I don't know what it's about."  
"I'm sure you will be informed of their intentions at the meeting. You should
  have received a note from the company president too. The initial sales presentation
  was earlier this morning in Dushanbe, in Tajikistan. Representatives from all
  countries involved in the pipeline were present. Preliminary indications are
  that our proposal was received well by the government negotiators. Your detail
  work with the pipeline route costs played a crucial role. I have a note from
  the team in Dushanbe that your cost increase justifications to bypass a mosque
  made quite an impression. We are not the only bidder, nor were we the lowest,
  but we were the only ones invited back next week." Kurt leaned back in his
  chair, looking up at her while sipping his coffee.  
I don't care about the presentation or some mosque in a place I've
      never heard of. I'm worried about the summons  . That's what
      she wanted to say. Kurt had dismissed it with one sentence. That was typical
      of his approach. He never speculated without knowing the facts. She wanted
      to talk about it, even if there was nothing to say. And Kurt was the only
      one available. She continued to stand in his doorway, unsure of how to
      bring up the subject.  
He solved that by pointing at the other chair. "Sit down and tell me what's
  bothering you." His abruptly direct manner never ceased to take her by surprise,
  but she pulled out the extra chair by his desk and sat down.  
"This summons makes me apprehensive, Kurt. I can't believe it has anything
  to do with work, even with that nice letter from the company president. It's
  much too soon. I've been told the meetings are almost always planned a week
  in advance. It has to be something else, but I don't know what. I think I'm
  in trouble." And why am I so scared? The worst they can do is fire
  me and kick me off the Island.   At least she hoped that was the
  worst.  
Kurt took another drink from his cup, brow furrowed in thought. "Is there
  any reason for you to be in trouble? A serious infraction of the rules, perhaps
  trouble in your dorm, personality conflict with one of the supervisors or another
  one of the trainees? I can assure you there are no complaints about your work
  from this office."  
"No, I get along with everyone. I've had some minor problems with the rules
  in the beginning, but no more than the others." She thought back. The worst
  had been one Sunday afternoon in the dorm lounge area. A small group of them
  had been watching a video of a new movie. Without thinking Luisa had crossed
  her legs while sitting on the couch. The dorm supervisor saw it and got on
  her case immediately. Rather than apologize, Luisa had argued the merits of
  such a ridiculous rule. The supervisor had been unimpressed and simply cancelled
  all her free time. Spending every night for a week cleaning toilets and mopping
  floors had shown Luisa the wisdom of respecting rules even if she didn't agree
  with them. Compared to some of the other trainees, that had been a minor flare-up,
  hardly a justification for an oversight board meeting. And since that incident
  she had a nearly perfect record, with only minor verbal reminders when she
  made well-intentioned mistakes.  
Unless they knew about her real purpose on the island, and then the meeting
  would be to confront her with the evidence. If they had discovered her false
  identity that would certainly justify being called to explain it. Luisa was
  getting tired of living in constant fear of discovery. Her articles had already
  slowed to a trickle, mostly because she found less and less to write about.  
Her reporting was to have been a catalog of exploitation. There was no lack
  of blatant male-dominated authority; it was ingrained in Island society at
  every level. Her difficulty was that it was becoming less objectionable by
  the day. The passionate appeals she had written in the first few weeks, a list
  of humiliating abuses coupled with strident demands that international authorities
  shut down the Island and rescue the women trapped in an endless cycles of degradation,
  now sounded like mindless rants. None of it had proven to be accurate. If she
  could turn back the clock she never would have written the stories. When they
  were published it would hurt a lot of decent people; people she now thought
  of as friends. People like Kurt.  
Lost in thought she hadn't noticed the silence in the room. Looking up she
  saw Kurt watching her, genuine concern showing in his expression. "If you have
  done as you have been told in an honest and sincere manner then you have no
  need to fear this meeting. Put your mind at ease.  
"You need a distraction. Before you leave, I need you to initialize a new
  area in the documents repository for the pipeline project. You will find the
  template and guidelines in the boilerplate section. I would like you to begin
  immediately." He dismissed her by turning back to his computer.  
Luisa stood up and headed back to her own chair. Just like that,
      don't worry about it, get back to work  , she thought to herself,
      afraid to say anything out loud. She wanted to empty her coffee cup over
      his head then claim it was honest and sincere. Clicking on the icons she
      brought up the procedural manual on new project setup. One Kurt had written,
      she noted as she read the title page.  
She was still busy diagramming the workflow when the reminder popped up about
  her meeting. She looked up at the wall clock, fifteen minutes to go. She had
  to give Kurt some credit, concentrating on the document management assignment
  had kept her from brooding on her impending doom.  
At ten till the hour, she switched off her monitor and glanced over to Kurt.
  He acknowledged her leaving with a wave of his hand. Standing up, she gathered
  her courage and walked out into the hall, heading to the elevators. She passed
  by a fire alarm switch, but resisted the temptation to pull it. It would only
  put off the inevitable. In any case, there were other people in the hall who
  would see her.  
She got off the elevator at her dorm floor. The supervisor directed her to
  the meeting room where she was expected. The room had a small waiting area
  outside the door, so per the posted procedure on the wall she sat down until
  she was called. At ten o'clock the door opened, and Anna Leeds asked her to
  come in.  
All three members of her oversight board were present. The first one was
  Mrs. Dornier, one of the senior dorm supervisors. Luisa had gotten to know
  her better from the "charm school" lectures the first week. She had a well-deserved
  reputation for dedication to the company. Nothing less than perfection would
  do for her, and any slacking off was met with a minimum of a sharp-tongued
  lecture. Luisa had earned her share, though no more than anyone else.  
The second was the mandatory member from outside the company, a volunteer
  with the Island's immigration agency, Anna Leeds. Luisa had her pegged as the
  most conservative of the three. Anna Leeds wasn't as strident as Mrs. Dornier,
  but to Luisa it seemed that she was actually less tolerant of any woman who
  did not know her place on the Island.  
The third was the board chairman, a man from the Human Resources department,
  first introduced to her as Rupert Townsend. She still had no impression of
  him, and no one else in the company had much to say about him either. In the
  first meeting he had spoken little, seemingly content to have the women do
  the work while he presided in near silence. She might have dismissed him as
  a non-entity except for the deference Anna Leeds and Mrs. Dornier showed to
  him.  
Together they were supposed to monitor her progress at the company while
  ensuring she was not harmed or neglected. They had the power to make changes
  in her training program, alter work assignments, or even dissolve her work
  contract. In theory the board rarely interfered with trainees, but when they
  did they operated with virtually unrestricted power.  
The chairman, Mr. Townsend, got right to business as soon as Luisa sat down
  at the conference table. "The issue before us today is in regards to your supervisor,
  one Mr. Kurt Goeren. I am sure you are aware there is a strict code of conduct
  for employees of this company. Just as you have been given guidelines to follow,
  so Mr. Goeren has directives in how he may interact with employees entrusted
  to his supervision. We have some questions regarding your working relationship
  with Mr. Goeren, in particular the events last Friday night."  
They were after Kurt!  Relief at not being the target
  was instantly replaced with feelings of hostility. For some reason they were
  trying to get him. What had he done? Would he lose his job?  The
  last thing she wanted was to cause him any trouble.  
Mrs. Dornier began. "The attendance records show that last Friday Mr. Goeren
  requested that you work overtime. What was the nature of the work, were you
  really needed to complete it, and was all the overtime spent working on the
  project?"  
Luisa knew they must have the records, including the sign-out sheet from
  the lobby. This was a trick question to test her honesty. "The project was
  the documentation for a sales presentation held earlier this morning. Since
  I had worked closely with Mr. Goeren on the project from the very beginning
  it was necessary that I be there to finish it. It was essential that the material
  be ready early Saturday morning when the report would be sent to the sales
  team in Tajikistan. I believe the project is critical to the company. In fact
  I received a note from the company president this morning, thanking me for
  the effort while stressing its importance.  
"We did not spend all evening working in the office. There was a break for
  dinner while the documents were printing. When we returned Mr. Goeren proofed
  the copy while I waited, in case last minute changes were needed."  
Anna Leeds asked the next question. "Do you believe it was necessary to work
  late last Friday? Had you been working steadily on the project before then?
  Do you think you might not have been given enough time deliberately, so you
  would have to stay after normal working hours?"  
Luisa's respect for Anna Leeds went up. Her questions showed a keen perception
  echoing Luisa's own suspicions. She had to be very careful about the answer.
  Any careless implication could reflect badly on Kurt. "We had been working
  on the presentation all week long. It is a very complex project, and we did
  not have all the information in place at the beginning. I believe that additional
  unforeseen factors which came up late in the week forced us to continue past
  our expected completion date." All that was true enough; they even had to bring
  in a translator one day.  
She hadn't heard of some of the countries when they started two weeks ago.
  Kurt had been very patient when he got out a map and pointed out the proposed
  route through western Asia, pronouncing all the exotic names with ease. She
  remembered her own hidden embarrassment when she learned Samarkand was a real
  city, not a mythical place from a poem. It made her realize how little she
  had actually learned about the rest of the world while in college, knowledge
  Kurt seemed to possess in abundance.  
Mr. Townsend checked something on a printout before he asked a question. "The
  security guard in the lobby noted that you returned from dinner wearing handcuffs.
  Was there any improper conduct on your part that would justify Mr. Goeren placing
  you in restraints?"  
I knew he should have taken them off before we went in the door.   Luisa
  thought quickly, trying to find some way to justify Kurt's action. There was
  no way to explain it though. If they had interviewed the restaurant owner then
  they already knew nothing happened. She might have admitted to a sudden attack
  of irrational anger or fear, but if they knew about the restaurant then they
  would know she was lying. "No sir, to the best of my knowledge I did not behave
  in a way that would require him to physically subdue me." She knew that wasn't
  a good answer.  
Mrs. Dornier didn't think so either, as Luisa could tell from the next question. "The
  hallway security camera shows you still in cuffs when the two of you left your
  office and entered the elevator, just before he returned you to the dorm. Were
  you forced to wear the handcuffs all that time?"  
That was a question Luisa didn't know how to answer. It was true she had
  the handcuffs on, but she didn't like the way Mrs. Dornier stressed the word "forced".
  Anna Leeds must have sensed her hesitation because she interrupted before Luisa
  could answer the prior question. "Were you made to wear the handcuffs against
  your will? Did you ask him at any time to take them off? This is important." She
  paused for effect. "Did you willingly cooperate when he restrained you?"  
She knows  , Luisa realized. "Yes, I cooperated, and
  no, I wasn't forced. I never asked him to release me." Luisa's voice was so
  low they could barely hear her. She hung her head, staring at her hands carefully
  folded on her lap. One of Mrs. Dornier's rules from charm school, never fidget.
  She had to concentrate to hold her hands still.  
"Does anyone have any more questions?" Mr. Townsend asked. Luisa looked up
  in surprise. Was that all?  Maybe they didn't know what
  happened in the elevator. She certainly wasn't going to volunteer it. "I believe
  that concludes the first item on the agenda then." Luisa started to stand,
  thinking the meeting was over.  
Mrs. Dornier made it clear they weren't finished with her. "Sit down, girl.
  We aren't done yet. Stay there until you are dismissed."  
Mr. Townsend continued, looking at Luisa as he spoke. "Now on to the second
  item. Mr. Goeren has filed a request with the company, stating his intent to
  acquire you and asking the company to determine the financial requirements
  necessary to accomplish a transfer. Given your statement on the first matter
  I see no reason to reject his request. Any questions?" He looked to either
  side to see if the two women had a comment. Neither spoke up. "Then it's the
  unanimous opinion of your oversight board that Mr. Goeren's request be honored.
  The accounting department will prepare a statement for him. The meeting is
  concluded." He looked up at a very puzzled Luisa. "I believe Mrs. Leeds wishes
  to have a few words with you, if you would be so good as to remain behind."  
Intent to acquire? What was that?  Luisa felt like she
  had just dropped into a Wonderland where she was the only one who didn't understand
  what was going on. Anna remained seated while Mr. Townsend and Mrs. Dornier
  stood to leave. Luisa watched as the two filed out the door.  
"Do you have any idea what we were discussing?" Luisa turned back to Anna
  in response to the question.  
"Not a clue. Something about Kurt, I mean Mr. Goeren, and a financial statement.
  I didn't get any of it."  
Anna leaned forward, arms on the table. "There were two points we had to
  look at, both regarding your welfare. An oversight board is chartered to act
  in what we consider to be your best interests, as I'm sure you know. It's not
  always obvious what the definition of best interest is. You see the here and
  now; we try to look ahead to the longer term. The first item was of immediate
  concern; the second far longer, perhaps a lifetime.  
"The questions about Mr. Goeren were to determine if he had exceeded his
  discretionary authority as your supervisor. That's not entirely an objective
  judgment; your view of the events had much to do with how we interpreted them.
  Mrs. Dornier and I had a pretty good idea of what went on that evening, but
  Mr. Townsend wanted to hear it for himself. Once you made it plain that you
  welcomed Mr. Goeren's attention there was nothing more to talk about. Personally,
  I suspect a lot more happened than what was in the report. Am I right?"  
Luisa had to look down as she felt her cheeks blush. She nodded in answer
  to Anna's question, afraid to say anything.  
"Don't worry about your Kurt. You are from New York?" Luisa nodded again. "Well,
  remember laws here on the Island are very different from what you are used
  to. You probably think Mr. Goeren was in danger of losing his job over some
  kind of sexual harassment case?"  
Luisa looked up, "I don't want him to get into any trouble. I know how it
  is in big companies; even a hint of scandal can ruin a career."  
Anna laughed. "It doesn't work quite like that here. See, we all knew he
  was after you. We've known it for a while, probably even before you did. I'll
  get to that in a minute. What he did, and what you left out, is acceptable
  providing you do not object. No black mark, no scandal. Tell me, was it on
  the street before you got to the building, back in the office that night, or
  was it in the elevator?"  
"The elevator." Then Luisa realized what she had just blurted out. "I mean,
  umm, I didn't leave anything out."  
Anna laughed again. "Of course not. You know, in a way I envy you. But I
  wouldn't trade places with you either. I know a little about the type of man
  your Kurt is. Imagine a glacier, slow and deliberate, but unstoppable. He's
  decided he wants you. Nothing is going to stop him." Anna fingered her collar. "I
  hope you don't have any problems with one of these, because he's not going
  to stop until you are wearing his collar. That's what I really wanted to talk
  to you about. You better get used to the idea he is going to own you."  
Luisa stared at Anna, eyes wide. "What do you mean? Own me  ?
  No man owns me. He hasn't said anything about it anyway. I think you are jumping
  to conclusions." She was indignant at the idea she could be the property of
  a man, especially someone as arrogant as Kurt.  
Anna sighed and shook her head. "No, you have no idea what you are up against.
  I'm not guessing. Mr. Goeren filed a request with the company stating his intentions
  to acquire you. That's how we knew the motivation for what he did. His request,
  in simple terms, means he wants to own you, and will compensate the company
  for the expenses incurred in bringing you here and training costs since your
  arrival. Between the lines it's also a request that the company, meaning us,
  your board, endorse his actions toward you. That was the second item we approved.
  The company will determine the amount required in order to release you from
  your work contract. Once your company obligations are discharged you can sign
  the ownership agreement. His ownership agreement. At that point your status
  as a ward of the company will end."  
Luisa stood up. "This is ridiculous. The company is selling me to him? I
  think I should have something to say about it. I am not a sack of potatoes,
  traded on speculation. I like working with Kurt, he's bright and well educated.
  If he would work on his manners and try to add a little sensitivity I'd probably
  find him attractive. But the idea of me being the starry-eyed slave girl devoted
  to a caveman like him? It's not going to happen."  
Anna said nothing but stared silently at Luisa. She sat back down, confusion
  whirling around in her head. Kurt wants me? Why?  He was
  intelligent, good looking, tall and handsome. But his attitude left a lot to
  be desired. He just orders me around. Like he owns me.  Suddenly
  the events of the past week all made sense. Like he already owns
  me!   
Anna gave Luisa a moment to collect her thoughts before continuing. "You
  did have something to say about it, just now. You defended him, quite passionately
  in case you hadn't noticed. That was all we needed to hear. Didn't you wonder
  why the questions stopped so abruptly?" She stood up and came over to Luisa's
  side of the table.  
"I'd like for you to think about participating in the ownership program.
  It is a series of seminars the Island sponsors. It's all about how the process
  works, what it means for each of you, and you can meet others who have gone
  through the same sort of thing you are experiencing now. You don't have to
  answer right this minute, think it over and leave word with your dorm supervisor
  to contact me.  
"One last point before I go. If you wish, you can be transferred to another
  work assignment. We can even arrange it so you have no further contact with
  Mr. Goeren."  
An Afternoon Drive   
Cathy was waiting at her front door when the car pulled up. John, always
  the gentleman, got out and opened the car door for her. Inside she could see
  Anna sitting in the back seat, hands folded in her lap as usual. It wasn't
  until Cathy sat down next to Anna that she noticed why Anna's hands were so
  carefully placed. Around each wrist was a gleaming steel bracelet, linked to
  a chain around Anna's waist. Cathy couldn't see a lock but it was obvious the
  chain was tightly fastened above her hips, holding Anna's wrists close to her
  side. Her hands were resting in her lap because that was the limit imposed
  by the short lengths of chain between the cuffs and her waist chain. She looked
  at Anna with an expression that asked the unspoken question as to what was
  happening.  
Anna gave a shrug of her shoulders but said nothing. John started the car
  and pulled out into the road. Today was supposed to be a sightseeing trip and
  old-fashioned picnic to help Cathy relax. Mark was due to arrive tomorrow on
  the next boat in. Cathy had been frantic getting everything ready for his arrival.
  John had called earlier that morning and suggested she come with them on a
  drive to the interior of the Island, more as a distraction to help her get
  through the day rather than a real trip. Cathy had started to decline, but
  then realized he was right. She needed a change of scenery.  
Anna moved her legs slightly. The motion caught Cathy's attention when she
  realized there was a matching pair of cuffs around Anna's ankles linking them
  together. Anna was effectively immobilized, bound hand and foot. She might
  be able to stand, but walking would be very slow and difficult. Cathy couldn't
  help but stare at the bonds; it was something she had never seen in public
  before. Anna smiled, seeing Cathy's fascination at her predicament, but still
  said nothing.  
John broke the silence with an explanation. "I'm sure you noticed Anna is
  a bit, umm, restrained today. She's not being punished or anything like that.
  It's just a whim of mine. At times I like to remind her who is in charge. As
  you can see, she has little option but to do as I wish. For the moment she
  does not have permission to speak, which is why she didn't say hello. This
  is part of living on the Island too. No one would give a second thought to
  seeing Anna dressed in chains, because she has that collar around her neck.
  And of course Anna does not have the option of removing the cuffs. She doesn't
  get the spare key." John laughed. Anna rolled her eyes then shook her head.  
"Sir, may I ask how long you will keep her this way?" Cathy ventured a question.
  Anna didn't look uncomfortable at the moment but that could change if it was
  going to be all day long.  
"No, Cathy, that you cannot ask. She will remain silent until I tell her
  otherwise, and she will wear the restraints until I remove them. But I'll let
  her explain it to you while I drive. Anna, you have permission to speak." John
  turned his attention to the road as the traffic picked up.  
"Yes sir. Hi Cathy, glad you decided to come along." Anna continued, "I'm
  not sure what you might think of this, but it's not quite what it seems." She
  lifted up her hands and tugged on the handcuffs on each side of her waist. "Contrary
  to what you might think, I find wearing these to be very exciting. I like that
  helpless feeling, knowing I'm controlled by my master. And best of all, here
  on the Island we can do it in public." Anna laughed. "Maybe it's a latent streak
  of exhibitionism. Anyway, people aren't going to stare, not much anyway, and
  the police aren't going to stop and question us."  
Cathy shook her head, frowning in confusion. "But&hellip;aren't you worried
  about what people will think, seeing you like that?"  
"Anywhere but here, yes. Everyone on the Island knows that bondage doesn't
  mean I'm being arrested, or I'm a criminal. Instead, it shows that I am being
  controlled by the man who owns me, in a very real and visible way. I am vulnerable,
  defenseless, unable to fend for myself. But I trust John to protect me. And
  beyond that, it's something of an unwritten law here that when we are, hmm,
  call it restrained, everyone is extra helpful and patient. If I can't open
  a door, someone will open it for me. If I have to walk very slowly, people
  will be patient and wait for me to go by. Master is always with me though,
  so I never have to worry.  
"And remember Cathy, where I now sit you may well be in a short period of
  time." Anna lifted her chin. "Once you have chosen to wear a collar, you cannot
  refuse if your master decides he wants to see you like this. Or worse. I am
  grateful that master allowed me to wear clothes today."  
Cathy was taken aback at Anna's last comment. It did make sense once she
  thought about it. Clothing was as much a privilege as speaking, to be granted
  or withdrawn solely at his discretion. Besides, once trussed up in chains there
  would be little she could do if he suddenly produced a pair of scissors and
  began removing garments piece by piece. Would Mark ever do that to her, parading
  her striped and shackled through public streets in the middle of the day? She
  didn't think so, but then again there was nothing to stop him.  
"One more thing Cathy," Anna interrupted her train of thought. "The question
  you asked about how long master will keep me in restraints? There was no way
  you would know, but it's considered impolite to ask those kinds of questions
  here. Unless there are exceptional circumstances no one questions how a master
  treats his property. If John had answered your question then I would have known
  when he intended to release me. It's not my place to know such things in advance,
  unless he wants to tell me. That's why he didn't answer, or so I assume."  
Cathy turned to the front of the car. "Oh, my apologies, sir. I didn't mean
  to interfere."  
"No problem, you had no way of knowing," John answered. "Usually I make sure
  Anna knows what I have in mind for her, but today is different. Today she doesn't
  know what will be happening from one moment to the next. Uncertainty is a pinch
  of spice to add to her feelings of being powerless and controlled. And Anna?
  You were only given permission to wear clothes when we left the house. I said
  nothing about the rest of the day."  
A brief look of panic crossed Anna's face, as her hands jerked against the
  handcuffs. Then as Cathy watched she carefully folded her hands in her lap
  once more and lowered her eyes, facing straight ahead. "Yes sir," Anna said
  in a low voice. Clearly Anna did not like the idea of being forced to strip
  in public either, but Cathy saw her resignation. Was John bluffing, merely
  to tease her? His wording had been very carefully contrived to imply everything
  and nothing. Cathy started to ask him then realized he wouldn't answer, but
  if he felt challenged to prove something Anna would be the one to suffer for
  it. Cathy now understood why such questions were considered impolite; one day
  she might be in a similar situation where she would pay for a careless question
  from someone else.  
The conversation lulled, as the two women were lost in thought. Anna remembered
  the last time she had thoughtlessly called her master's bluff, and the night
  she had spent locked in the car trunk as a result; nude, gagged, and tied hand
  and foot. She had learned that lesson well; never again would she dare him
  to carry out a threat.  
Cathy's thoughts were focused on Anna, and what it might be like if Mark
  were the one driving and she were the one sitting in the back seat, locked
  in shackles. What would he do? And the real question, what would he make her
  do? Anna was right; Cathy could be in exactly the same place in little more
  than a month from now. Could she sit there as calmly as Anna, knowing she would
  be so completely dependent on Mark?  
Some of her concern must have shown on her face, for Anna spoke up. "Don't
  worry, you'll be able to handle it. You'll be surprised at how easy it is to
  let go, place all your trust in him, to sit back and wait to see what will
  happen. Think of it this way: if there is nothing you can do, then there is
  nothing you have to do.  
"Look at me. He can do just about anything he wants. Tomorrow morning he
  could wake up and tell me I am forbidden to talk to anyone or to leave the
  house for the next three months. I would be trapped, no way out, but I would
  obey. I wouldn't like it, but when he took possession of me I knew the worst
  could happen, and if it did I would have to accept it. But I'm not worried.
  If he decides this afternoon he wants to see me dressed in nothing more than
  steel chains, then I will strip on the street corner and hold out my wrists
  to him. I trust he has a reason for what he does, and even if it's for no other
  basis than he wants to look at me, that's enough."  
"Anyone want something cold to drink?" John interrupted. "There's a convenience
  store up ahead, and I'm thirsty. Cathy, Anna?"  
Engrossed in her discussion Cathy had forgotten about John, still driving
  in the front seat. She answered first. "Yes, sir, that sounds good."  
Anna added a "yes, sir" in agreement. John pulled off the road and parked
  in front of the small store. He opened his door and got out, then turned to
  ask the two women what they would like. He went into the store, leaving Cathy
  to watch over Anna. As soon as he was inside she turned back to Anna to ask
  a question in private.  
"Anna, tell me and be honest, what do you really think about wearing those
  chains? I'll never repeat to anyone what you tell me."  
"Honestly? Cathy, I really do enjoy this, except for being a little uncomfortable.
  The truth is it's a real turn on sexually for me. I guess I am a bit of a showoff
  too because I love doing this in public. I want people to know I belong to
  him, that he has this power over me.  
"I like the way he looks at me when he has me restrained. You know that look?
  Lust, desire, the gleam in his eyes, the dominating expression? He enjoys it
  as much as I do, maybe more. I've watched him at home, me sitting on the couch
  fixed up like this, him sitting next to me with the keys in his hand, playing
  with them. We might sit there for hours, watching a movie or talking, but all
  the while he plays with those keys, a reminder I'm completely within his power.
  It can be scary, in the sense that I never know when, or if, he might let me
  go. But I get all the attention I could ever want. It's as if the chains actually
  tie him to me. The more vulnerable I am, the more I need him, the closer I
  draw him to me.  
"However, all that aside, I sure wish I could scratch my nose." Cathy laughed
  as Anna leaned forward to rub her nose against the front seat. "I try not to
  let him see me do that, he gets these ideas, you know?"  
John came out of the store, carrying drinks for everyone. He opened Anna's
  door and reached across to hand the first cup to Cathy. He put the other two
  on the car top before he took a set of keys out of a pocket. He unlocked the
  handcuffs holding Anna's wrists, closing them after releasing her wrists. The
  cuffs still dangled from the chain around her waist. He stood up, handed Anna
  her drink and closed the door. He got back in the front and took a sip from
  his cup while looking into the back seat. Anna sat with the cup in her hands
  but did not take a drink.  
"You may drink, Anna. Go ahead and stretch, I'm going to leave the handcuffs
  off for a while. We don't have too far to go. I have a spot in mind that's
  usually not too crowded and it has a magnificent view. We can have our picnic
  there and walk around for a little while." He turned back to the front and
  started the car.  
Anna took a drink while alternately holding the cup in one hand and exercising
  the other. She tried to straighten out her legs as best she could but the cuffs
  around her ankles still held her feet close together. Cathy took a moment to
  examine how her legs were confined with the oversize cuffs. She had never seen
  anything quite like them, enlarged versions of regular handcuffs so they would
  fit ankles, but rigidly linked by hinges instead of a chain. Anna was forced
  to keep her feet and legs close together and in line. She could probably stand
  up with some help, but she couldn't walk, much less try to run or kick. Even
  with her hands free Anna was still essentially helpless, able to do little
  more than stand or crawl.  
"Could you hold my drink for a moment?" Anna asked. While Cathy held her
  cup Anna raised up in the car seat and pulled out her dress where it had gathered
  underneath her. "Thanks, that was bothering me. I don't know about you, but
  I can't stand a wrinkled or bunched up dress. It's hard to sit down properly
  when you can't use your hands." She took her cup back. With Anna's arms out
  of the way Cathy could see the handcuffs were permanently attached to the each
  side of the waist chain. That chain fit snugly above her hips, fastened behind
  her back with a lock.  
Anna touched the chain belt. "These are popular on the Island. Originally
  they were made for transporting violent criminals to prison. As you can see
  they are very effective. You have little freedom of movement, even less if
  your hands are covered. And if master decides to reverse position by crossing
  your arms you have no movement at all, especially if it's behind your back.
  It's hard on your shoulders though, holding your arms behind your back for
  very long. Hurts if you have to sit that way too, unless you are in one of
  the specially designed seats with space for your hands.  
"If master allows me to keep my hands in front and not crossed I can wear
  this for hours. My shoulders get stiff from not moving around but that's about
  it. Oh yeah, and you have to move your wrists around so the cuffs don't leave
  marks. The only real drawback you can see for yourself, you can't reach anything."  
"That's why I chose the waist design," John added. "It doesn't put a strain
  on her arms or wrists like regular handcuffs would. It's supposed to confine,
  not hurt."  
Anna continued when John finished. "You noticed the ankles? Those aren't
  as common. When he wants me to sit still, or stand in one place, he uses these
  oversized hinged handcuffs. He tells me they were made for large men with big
  wrists, but by coincidence they are just the right size for a woman's ankle.
  One time I made the mistake of trying to walk with them on. John warned me,
  but I wanted to see for myself. Best I managed was something slower than a
  crawl, plus I got bruises. I won't try that again."  
Cathy leaned over to take a closer look. The leg shackles weren't on tight,
  but neither could they be slipped off. She could see it would be virtually
  impossible to walk; there wasn't any slack or flexibility of movement.  
"You probably wonder why I make her wear the steel jewelry," John said, joining
  in the conversation. "I make no excuses for it. I like to see Anna in them.
  To me it makes her look attractive and very sexy. Here on the Island there's
  no law or society taboo to stop me, and, unlike the outside world, bondage
  isn't considered to be humiliating. A stranger passing by would pay no more
  attention to Anna in handcuffs than he would if she had a miniskirt on. She
  might get a few leers but that's it. I'm sure some people don't approve, but
  it's a matter of personal choice.  
"My choice, not Anna's. I'm sure she'd rather do without the extra decorations
  but in this particular case I don't allow her the option. Our first year in
  an ownership agreement I didn't tell her in advance what I intended. I'm sure
  she didn't expect it, but she has adapted well. Feel free to talk to Anna about
  it, Cathy."  
The conversation drifted on to other topics, while John drove up into the
  hills that dotted the central part of the Island. They had been on the road
  for about thirty minutes when he pulled onto a side road. A few moments later
  Cathy gasped in surprise as a beautiful lake setting came into view. Dense
  trees came almost to the shoreline.  
"This is a reservoir, not a natural lake." John pointed toward an earthen
  dam at one end. "It's a natural basin. One end was closed off to hold the lake.
  It's supplied by a combination of rainfall, runoff, and desalinated water from
  the Island's facilities. The power plants have to be kept running at night
  when demand is low, so we process additional seawater and pump the fresh water
  up here. Most people like to go to the beaches on the coast, but I miss the
  Canadian Rockies. This is as close as we get."  
They parked at a visitor's picnic area, dotted with tables and barbeque grills.
  John and Cathy opened their doors to get out, but Anna remained seated, hands
  in her lap. Cathy started to ask if something was wrong, then remembered Anna's
  ankles were still locked together. John opened Anna's door and bent down to
  release her legs from the restraints before helping her out of the car.  
I have to remember not to stare  , Cathy told herself, I
      may be in the same position myself one day  . She still didn't
      know how she would react to that. Mark could surprise her with something
      unexpected, and she would have to obey. Still, Anna seemed to do well,
      even when trussed up the way John seemed to like. The more she saw of Anna
      and John, the more she wanted the same for herself. Even if it meant she
      had to sit in the car bound hand and foot.  
John opened the trunk of the car. Inside were several baskets. Anna reached
  in and picked up one. "Cathy, can you give me a hand setting up the food? Sir,
  if you'd like to take your pole down to the water we'll get lunch ready." John
  took out the heavy cooler and set it on a nearby table.  
"That sounds like a good plan." John came back to the car to get his fishing
  pole and tackle box. "There are a few fish, trout and some species from Africa.
  I'm not much of a fisherman but I like to try it out now and then. Yell when
  lunch is ready." He headed down to the shoreline.  
"I'm not big on fishing at all, and truth to tell he rarely catches anything.
  Sometimes I suspect there really aren't any fish in the lake. I think it's
  just a momentary flashback to his childhood, fishing in the Rockies. Can you
  get the tablecloth out of there?" Anna pointed to the basket Cathy was carrying.  
The two women unpacked the picnic lunch, setting it out onto the table. In
  a few minutes they had everything ready. Anna glanced toward the lake. John
  was casting a line out into the water. "Let's sit down for a while. He likes
  to go through the motions, but in about half an hour he'll be done. We can
  leave the food covered for a few more minutes. Do you like fishing?" Anna asked.  
Cathy made a face. "No, not at all. Smelly disgusting creatures, and cleaning
  them, yuck. I like a nice salmon steak all wrapped up from the store and ready
  to go on the grill. That's as close as I want to be to fish."  
Anna laughed. "I feel the same way. Cleaning fish is a man's job. I can batter
  and fry a fillet, but that's all I want to know about it. No fish for us today;
  it's traditional North American picnic food, fried chicken and potato salad." Cathy
  noticed how Anna pronounced the word fillet  with the "t" on
  the end, a distinctive Canadian accent.  
They sat at the table talking, with Anna facing the lake to watch John. "Anna,
  I'd like to ask you about something John said. He didn't tell you in advance
  about those?" Cathy pointed to the handcuffs dangling from the chain around
  Anna's waist. "Didn't that bother you? I know he's the master and all that,
  but don't you feel better if he gives you a chance to talk over what he's going
  to do first?"  
Anna thought for a moment before answering. "It didn't bother me. I was surprised,
  but not upset that he didn't warn me. It is scary, looking down at your hands,
  seeing those things and knowing you can't take them off. It does something
  to you. All the talk in the world about obedience and obligation is fine, but
  then it hits you when that last illusory bit of choice is abruptly yanked away.  
"That first time I will never forget. He told me to close my eyes and hold
  out my hands. I had no idea what he was doing, but of course I obeyed. Suddenly
  I felt something on my wrists, cold and heavy. I opened my eyes just as he
  finished closing the handcuffs. Before I could say anything he was behind me,
  pulling the chain tight around my waist. He was so fast and strong, I never
  had a chance. I started to say something but he spun me around and forced a
  gag into my mouth. I couldn't even talk. Then he made me kneel down on the
  floor and put shackles around my ankles. Not the kind in the car, these had
  a short connecting chain."  
Cathy sat at the table listening to Anna, fascinated by her description. "Weren't
  you scared? Did you have any idea what he was going to do next?" She nibbled
  on a carrot stick, eager to hear more.  
"So afraid I was paralyzed. I couldn't move a muscle. Not that it made any
  difference; he had done a thorough job. I've never felt so helpless in my life,
  before or since. I didn't have a clue what was coming next. I couldn't even
  think straight. He pulled me to my feet, but stayed behind me so I couldn't
  see him. I remember looking down, dimly seeing my own hands and feet, locked
  in those cuffs. There was nothing I could do.  
"Then he pushed me up against the wall. I almost stumbled and fell when my
  ankles pulled the chain taut, but John held me up. He pinned me by holding
  his own body against me. I felt his hand stroking my hair, then I realized
  he was talking to me. Whispering in my ear. Hearing his quiet soothing voice
  the panic started to go down. He was telling me how much he loved me, how important
  and special I was. How no one else would ever give herself to him as I had
  done.  
"His fingers caressed my neck, lightly touching the collar. I had forgotten
  all about it, even though it had only been a few days. That's the moment it
  hit me. I did belong to him, not in some abstract sense but truly owned. I
  couldn't say no, but that didn't matter. I didn't want to say no, I wanted
  him to keep going. I wanted him to use me, any way he liked. It sounds crude,
  but at that moment and ever since, I get a thrill when he, umm, I guess you
  could say when he chooses to take advantage of me. I suppose I shouldn't admit
  to this but it's true, I like him to force me. Not ask, but take. Does that
  make sense?"  
Cathy nodded in understanding. "I haven't really talked to Mark about it,
  but the way you describe it that's what I've been battling with inside me.
  Coming to the Island, this ownership agreement, now I know why it sounded so
  perfect. I want to encourage Mark to be more aggressive, less inhibited, and
  I think this will do it. My concern is how Mark will be affected in other ways.
  I don't want to be a source of constant worry and stress for him. That's my
  big unknown."  
Seeing John had finished, Anna waved to him, signaling that lunch was ready.
  He started back up the path from the lake. "You can count on him losing his
  reticence. He'll need some time to get past what he's been taught from childhood.
  Trust me on this though. From personal experience I can assure you he will
  lose those inhibitions, as you can see for yourself. You be sure you're ready
  for it."  
John went to the car first, to put his fishing pole away before he joined
  the two women at the picnic table. With his nod of permission Anna handed him
  a paper plate and began uncovering the dishes. She handed Cathy a plate and
  they all began dishing out the fried chicken, potato salad, and corn on the
  cob. John opened the cooler and got out drinks for everyone. "Eating outdoors
  adds something to the taste of the food." He wrapped an arm around Anna and
  hugged her. "So does a pair of lovely ladies for company."  
The three of them sat eating and talking for over an hour. As the conversation
  eventually slowed John stood up and invited the two women to take a short walk
  with him on the path that an around the lake. "With all that good food we need
  a little exercise. Anna?"  
Cathy immediately realized that for Anna the lakeside stroll wasn't optional.
  She watched as John took each of Anna's hands and closed a cuff around the
  wrist. Anna stood quietly, offering no resistance. Gripping her arm he started
  to lead her down to the shoreline. "How about we start by going part way around
  the lake, then come back on the path that runs through the woods?"  
Could I do that, in public?  Cathy knew it was a question
  she had to answer for her own peace of mind. She could ask Mark if he would
  ever parade her around in chains, but that wasn't the point and she knew it.
  Whether or not John and Anna had deliberately intended to bring up the issue
  she had learned one more fact about Island life. If, more likely when, Mark
  chose to do something similar she would have to obey him . No picking
  and choosing, either I accept it all or tell Mark now it was a mistake.  
Slip of the Tongue   
"Settle down, let's begin," Mrs. Yates raised her voice to get everyone's
  attention. Elise turned around to the front of the classroom. She stood next
  to her desk. Sitting was a privilege; as the instructor Mrs. Yates would decide
  when it would be allowed. "I want everyone to remain standing."  
Elise crossed her hands in front, the right hand lightly resting on her skirt
  and the left hand on top. By now her training was becoming a habit so she didn't
  even notice that everyone else stood precisely the same way. If someone had
  pointed it out and asked her she would have explained that it was the proper,
  expected way to be attentive while standing. No other way was acceptable. There
  were no grey areas at the Facility; there was one right way and a whole lot
  of wrong ways for every situation.  
"Today I'm going to change the topic somewhat. Up to now the theme has been
  the ways in which we serve our masters. Today we're going to explore the other
  side. What goes on inside his head? What are his motivations, why does he seem
  to be perfect one day and insufferable the next?" Everyone laughed. "Well,
  I can't answer that, so today we will have a guest lecturer who will try to
  answer those and other questions. He should be here in just a moment&hellip;"  
Mrs. Yates stopped as the door open and a tall man in a business suit came
  in. Elise didn't fail to notice the way Mrs. Yates visibly changed in an instant,
  facing him with crossed hands and lowered eyes.  
"Good morning," he spoke quietly with a pronounced Irish accent. "My name
  is Clancy Yates. I am currently the Director of the Facility. You will address
  me as Mr. Director. If you happen to notice the similarity in the last name
  then you might also rightly assume Mrs. Yates is my wife. Not that it grants
  her any special privilege here. Siobhan, would you join the group?" He gestured
  to a desk next to Elise.  
"Yes, sir." Mrs. Yates went to stand by the desk to Elise's left.  
"You may all take a seat." Elise sat down, along with the rest of the class. "Now
  then," he began, "Mrs. Yates has asked me to say a few words on those mysterious
  creatures known as masters. First, I have to qualify my remarks by saying there
  are no safe assumptions. We all have our own idea of what we want and what
  we expect. I can tell you a bit about my own philosophy on life, but don't
  expect your future master to be the same."  
Clancy gestured toward Mrs. Yates. "I'm sure Siobhan here has impressed on
  you the need for order and discipline. While it may not be universal, you can
  safely assume that to some degree your master will expect the same. That's
  one of the primary reasons we emphasize the virtue of submission expressed
  as obedience to authority. The rules exist for a reason."  
In the back of the room someone whispered. "Too bad we don't have a rule
  limiting the number of rules we have to learn." Everyone heard it, and there
  were even a few hastily suppressed giggles.  
Elise was shocked. Who had made the outburst? It had come from behind her
  but she dare not turn around to look. At the front of the room the Director
  stood silently, a blank expression on his face, but the steely gaze of his
  eyes as they swept the room told the story. When he briefly stopped and looked
  directly at her, Elise was so scared she couldn't move or even breathe. Not
  until he continued on did Elise remember to take a breath. A feeling of impending
  doom warned her that the lecture today would not be ending in a normal manner.  
"Would our commentator care to identify herself?" He waited. "No? Somehow
  I thought not. Whoever you are, you miscalculated in one important respect.
  Anonymity does not shield you here at the Facility. Had you been more patient
  you would have heard me explain that you have a collective responsibility to
  the group as a whole, to help and support each other. Not just here in the
  Facility, but on the Island as well. And more importantly, to uphold the standards
  you all share."  
He took a cell phone off his belt and opened it. He looked up from the small
  display, as if counting the number in the audience, and then punched in a few
  commands. He studied the small screen for a moment before closing it and clipping
  it on his belt.  
Elise listened as he spoke. "In any society we as individuals bear a responsibility
  to maintain order in exchange for the benefits we receive. Here on the Island
  we have a unique social structure, but the basics do not change. All of you,
  as submissive women, as women who will one day be owned and sheltered by your
  masters, have a collective responsibility to see that your peers do their part
  to uphold our way of life. And your friends and classmates should see to it
  you are reminded if you have a momentary lapse. None of you should ever tolerate
  what we just heard here. It is unacceptable behavior in any circumstance.  
"That one of your classmates would even consider what she has done would
  earn your approval is indicative of a failure on the part of all of you to
  work together to preserve our lifestyle. Tacit approval by silence is grounds
  for punishment here at the Facility. I don't care who made that comment; I
  do care that she thought she could get away with it. All of you," he turned
  to look at Mrs. Yates, "are to be held equally responsible for this incident."  
 "It no longer matters who spoke out of turn. It was disrespectful and unacceptable.
  It is not to be tolerated under any circumstance. When you act in this manner
  there are consequences you must face." He stopped as the classroom door opened.
  Four guards, all large men, came in. Two carried cardboard boxes. From the
  corner of her eye Elise saw Mrs. Yates jerk back in surprise. Clearly something
  very unpleasant was about to occur.  
"Stand up." As Elise turned to the side to get out of the desk she saw Mrs.
  Yates hesitate. "All of you," he clarified. That answered one question as Mrs.
  Yates, Siobhan now, stood up. He had included her in the group.  
Elise would never forget his next words, directed to the guards who had just
  entered. "Collective punishment, close confinement for all of them." Then he
  turned back to the class and spoke. "I am disappointed in each and every one
  of you. I had hoped you would be supportive of each other as you learned to
  be the best you can be. Instead I find this. See to it that it never happens
  again." He walked out the door without looking back.  
Class Day   
Cathy stood in front of the building, checking the address one last time.
  This was to be the first day for her classroom sessions. Mark had dropped her
  off on his way to work and would be picking her up at the end of the day. Anna
  had explained that there would be several days of classes as part of the qualification
  process toward an ownership contract. She had provided the date, time and location
  for Cathy's group. As Cathy walked up the steps to the door, which simply read "Adult
  Education" on the front, she thought back to her first year in college. This
  won't be as much work.  Anna had explained it was more a seminar
  than a real class, and there would be no tests or grades. The only hard and
  fast rule was that she had to attend every session.  
Inside the door was an information desk. Cathy stopped and asked the receptionist
  about where she should go. The woman at the desk first checked for her name
  on a printout then pointed out the directions to the room on a small map. The
  woman informed her that the class would start in about ten minutes. Cathy went
  down a corridor and stopped at the open door matching the room number.  
Inside was a long conference room table with several chairs. At one end was
  a whiteboard and what looked to be some kind of slide projector. Five other
  women were sitting at the table as Cathy came in. The one at the head of the
  table Cathy took to be the instructor, for she was the only one in the room
  wearing a collar. She also had a scarf covering her hair.  
"Hello, come in and take a seat anywhere. We'll be starting as soon as everyone
  is here. I'll be leading the discussion today. Could I have your name?" She
  picked up a sheet of paper.  
"Cathy Sturgis," Cathy answered as she sat down. "I hope I'm in the right
  place. I was supposed to be scheduled for the first orientation class?" The
  woman had an odd accent, almost British, but she couldn't place it.  
"This is the right room. We have one more on the list yet to arrive. There
  is tea and coffee in the corner if you would like some. Make yourself comfortable." Cathy
  stood and went for some coffee. As she was fixing it a young woman walked into
  the classroom, dressed in what looked to be a company uniform. Cathy recognized
  the company logo on her blouse and skirt, the same engineering company Mark
  worked for. The instructor went through the identical greeting, checking her
  name off and pointing out the refreshments.  
As soon as everyone was seated the teacher stood, closed the door, and went
  back to the front of the room. "Good morning, everyone. My name is Fatima Maktoum
  and I will be the instructor today. As I'm sure you are all aware, this class
  is part of the program that is required before you can enter into a voluntary
  ownership agreement. At the end of the day I will provide you with information
  on when the next session will be held. There is a legal requirement that you
  attend every session, but otherwise you are free to participate as much or
  as little as you wish.  
"That little speech was mandatory. Now I'd like to add a personal comment.
  Everything we will be doing here today is for your benefit. I see from the
  list you all come from different parts of the world. I myself am from a small
  country, Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. Our backgrounds make us look at
  the world in different terms. What each of us took for granted in our previous
  homes may not apply here on the Island. My purpose is to help you understand
  the cultural differences and what it will mean to you if you choose to complete
  the program.  
"By way of introduction I am currently in a permanent unrestricted agreement
  with my owner and master. He decided my experience and knowledge should be
  shared with others so he offered my services to this school. I have been teaching
  these classes for the last three years. I can tell you that those who think
  they have nothing to learn here are the ones who had the hardest time after
  they found themselves wearing the collar. We are going to talk of reality,
  not erotic fantasy. All of you are at the beginning of a major change in your
  life. Beyond a certain point you will not be able to control how that change
  progresses, so consider that it may be to your benefit to know what to expect.  
"Now, why don't we start by going around the table and have each of you introduce
  yourself?" She sat down and picked up some papers, as each woman in turn gave
  her name. Cathy was surprised at the range of ages and country of origin, young
  and old, from four continents. After introductions the instructor verified
  full names and addresses, went over some history of the Island, and talked
  about how the ownership contract worked.  
The morning went quickly as they talked about the Island. Most of the information
  Cathy had known but there were some interesting details she had not come across
  before. There was a chain of islands, the large one they lived on and some
  smaller ones that stretched out beyond the horizon. Not all were inhabited,
  and not all were open to visitors. Fatima warned them not to take a boat to
  any of the other islands without checking its status. She would not elaborate
  on why some places were closed to the public.  
When they paused for lunch Fatima mentioned there was a small cafeteria in
  the building, or they could go out. Being new Cathy decided to stay inside.
  It seemed the others had the same idea when the whole group followed Fatima
  to the lunchroom. Cathy was pleasantly surprised to find the cook was from
  northern Mexico. The food was all standard Mexican border fare familiar to
  anyone from southern California. She spent a few moments explaining to other
  members of the group the difference between taco, tamale, and a torta  sandwich.
  She ordered a taco salad and then joined the rest at a table.  
At first everyone sat quietly eating. Cathy took the opportunity to ask Fatima
  how she came to live on the Island. "As I mentioned my husband and I are both
  from Dubai, a seaport on the Persian Gulf. He is a chemical engineer and consults
  around the world at refineries and petrochemical plants. He met several colleagues
  who live here and gradually found out about the Island.  
"I was raised in the Islamic faith, which teaches that a good wife submits
  to her husband's authority. I was fortunate that I did not have to conceal
  my desire to be submissive and please my husband. We had been married for three
  years when he told me about the Island. I wasn't at all enthusiastic about
  moving. You have to understand, I grew up in Bedouin society where men ruled
  and women did as they were told. I fit in quite well. Unlike some in my country
  I had no desire to move to a Western society.  
"Our concern was that the Emirates are a modern cosmopolitan country. We
  could see it was becoming more Western. Groups were pushing to change traditions
  and how women were treated. I didn't want to lose what I had. I like being
  sheltered and protected, to have him take care of me.  
"We considered Saudi Arabia but they don't want immigrants, even ones from
  the Emirates. So he decided it would be best for us to move to the Island.
  We did check to make sure none of the local laws would be in conflict with
  our beliefs. There are none, which explains the large number of Muslims who
  live here. We have been on the Island for ten years now, and I do not leave
  except when my husband takes me to visit relatives."  
The woman in the company uniform asked Fatima about the Islamic dress code.
  After taking a few bites from her lunch Fatima answered. "You mean wearing
  the hijab  , that long black dress that covers you completely?
  It is from the Koran. We are taught that in public a devout Muslim woman must
  wear plain, concealing clothes, and cover herself except for face and hands.
  Some believe even a type of veil should be worn, since there is a surah  which
  says a woman may not speak to a strange man except through a curtain. Usually
  a hijab  is black, but it can be another color as long
  as it is drab. I have several, all black, which I wear when attending prayers
  or if I have to go out during the day by myself. I wore one when we traveled
  to Mecca for our hadjj  , our pilgrimage, but then in
  Saudi Arabia it's expected. Most Islamic countries leave it to the individual,
  but there are a few places where it is mandatory, like Iran. I must confess,
  I am a bit liberal when it comes to hijab  . I have some
  colorful ones too, not as drab as they should be, but I wear those only here
  on the Island.  
"My husband allows me to wear western clothes in public on some occasions,
  for instance when I am teaching here at school. He does insist I cover my head
  in public, which is why I wear this scarf, and that I dress modestly. No miniskirts
  or halter tops for me." The group at the table laughed at her joke.  
"He is strict with me in most ways. You must remember he is a very traditional
  Arab man. I cannot leave our house without permission, nor am I allowed to
  drive a car. Except to shop at the market or to attend prayers I may not travel
  unless accompanied by my husband or a mahram  approved
  by him. You remember I mentioned that's a restriction you will all have to
  live with.  
"When he decided I should be an instructor here one of the conditions is
  that the class must be segregated, that I would only be teaching women or children,
  which is in line with conservative Islamic principles. He brings me here in
  the morning. I am not permitted to leave the building until he comes to pick
  me up. I am expected to have only minimal interaction with the male staff unless
  my husband is present.  
"One surprise you may not know about though. The school must pay me, not
  my husband, and he cannot take my earnings. I choose to give them to him, but
  he can't order me to do so. We'll talk more about that this afternoon, how
  the ownership contracts can vary."  
They finished lunch and headed back to the classroom for the afternoon session.
  After everyone was seated Fatima began, "I thought we would continue the discussion
  from lunch, since it fits in with the afternoon's subject matter. Each of you
  is here because you intend to give yourself to someone else. Give in the sense
  that you surrender your freedom to the control of your man. However, the way
  in which you give yourself over to ownership can take many forms.  
"I know that none of you are totally unaware of what you are doing. If you
  were not submissive you would not be here. I think it likely each of you is
  in a relationship where you are devoted to your man, eager to please, and happy
  to fulfill his slightest wish. But think of this, in one month you will be
  in a position where you literally cannot say no. You may tell yourself that's
  how it is now, but you would be wrong. Before moving here you always had that
  option to walk out the door, perhaps with friends or family to help you.  
"It's different on this island. If you walk out the door there will be no
  place for you to go. No one will help you, for you will have broken the vow
  we all hold sacred. Every hand will be turned against you. You will be hunted
  down as a criminal and severely punished. No matter what the reason, there
  will be no sympathy for you. No one will take your side. No one will be interested
  in your version of the story."  
Fatima put a hand to her collar. "Make no mistake about what this means.
  It is not some abstract symbol announcing your love and dedication to the world.
  It is a claim of ownership stating for all to see that you belong to a specific
  person and no other. It is locked on and you will not have the means to remove
  it, just as you cannot remove your master's entitlement to determine your life.
  Your existence narrows to an extension of his world. He draws your boundaries,
  beyond which you can never go. He has the right to claim every minute of your
  time, to demand you reveal your innermost thoughts and secrets to him. And
  never forget, he also has the right to force this on you if you are unwilling
  to do it on your own. A right you will freely give to him knowing full well
  he can and will use it at any time."  
Cathy had never thought of Mark having the right to force her against her
  will, but she could see that Fatima was right. Mark had never struck her in
  anger or physically forced her to obey him. She liked to think it never would
  happen because she would never put Mark in that position. Then there was the
  small matter that in California it would have been spousal abuse, and he could
  go to jail for it. Here there would be no such restriction. She would be the
  one who could wind up in jail for the crime of defying him. She better make
  sure of this right now.  
Cathy raised her hand to ask a question. "Do you mean he has the right to
  beat me if I am mouthy or disobedient?"  
"The agreement is very clear on that issue Cathy. Yes he does. There are
  provisions to address your concerns though. All of you here will be in what's
  known as a Basic agreement. You can ask for the agreement to be amended to
  preclude force, or you can ask for limits on it. Part of Islamic law does permit
  a husband to physically punish his wife, but he may not cause bruises or break
  bones. Our agreement doesn't prohibit force, but it does state we will both
  faithfully abide by the Koran and Islamic beliefs. I trust him not to hurt
  me, but I know if he believes I am misbehaving he will correct me by whatever
  means he chooses."  
Cathy made a mental note to talk to Mark about this issue. They had never
  really discussed what he might do to punish her. Till now it had never been
  an issue. She did her best; and he knew it. She needed to go over it with him
  and see what he thought. She didn't want to be beaten, but neither did she
  want to restrict Mark's authority over her. The instructor's point was obvious,
  to build in some kind of stated limit as to what he could do. It was reasonable
  and a prudent precaution, but Cathy didn't feel comfortable even at the thought
  of bringing it up with Mark.  
Fatima continued. "You remember I mentioned there are variations on the agreement?
  My husband and I have an unrestricted agreement, which means there are no limits
  on his power over me. It is also unlimited, which means there is no future
  date when it must be renewed. I belong to him for a lifetime. But there is
  a pledge on his part to keep to our beliefs, to abide by Sharia  ,
  Islamic law, and to require that I do the same. That guarantee he chose to
  add, I had no say.  
"All of you are starting with the basic agreement. It has a fixed one year
  duration, which starts the moment you sign it. It has standard provisions that
  he must keep you in good health, provide for your basic needs, inflict no serious
  injury, and post a return bond. That bond is a way for you to leave the Island
  if the agreement is dissolved. In return you vow to be faithful to him, to
  love and cherish him, diligently obey his commands, to put no other above him,
  to submit to his authority and keep to both the spirit and the law of his rules
  for you. You must be honest and forthright, answer his questions truthfully
  and completely without holding back.  
"That's not the end though. Both of you can put in additional clauses. If
  you have religious beliefs that must be respected, make sure you include them.
  If you are afraid of being beaten, put that in. If he goes crazy and hurts
  you the agreement ends, leaving you the bond money if you want to move away.
  You can go anywhere in the world.  
"Think carefully of what you ask to put in the agreement though, because
  once it begins you cannot change it except by mutual agreement. If you make
  a mistake, if you discover he is not the man for you but he refuses to terminate
  the agreement, then you will have no recourse but to wait till it expires.
  That's why it's for a single year only."  
Cathy didn't think she and Mark needed any extra provisions. Nor did it have
  to be for just a year, but those were the laws on the Island. She had no changes
  in mind but Mark would decide if they needed any additions.  
"While we are on the terms of the agreement I want to make all of you aware
  of its legal standing. As I mentioned earlier today the legal system here is
  primarily an extension of the laws of Saudi Arabia, but we do have local autonomy.
  Penalties for criminal activity are very harsh by Western standards, so don't
  try to rob a bank." Everyone laughed.  
Fatima continued. "Now I don't think any of you are here to rob or murder,
  but one law that will directly affect you is unique to the Island. Once you
  agree to ownership, the contract has the force of law. You have a legal obligation
  to meet the terms, and there are criminal penalties if you do not. I want to
  stress that, severe penalties. For example, if I were to deliberately disobey
  my husband or try to leave the Island it would be treated as a crime equivalent
  to desertion in the military."  
One of the other attendees, an older woman from Europe, asked about the range
  of sentences if convicted of breaking the ownership agreement. Fatima paused
  for a moment, then answered. "First of all, there is no 'if' about conviction.
  All it takes is a sworn statement from your owner that you ran away, disobeyed
  him, or violated some other part of the agreement. The court issues a summary
  judgment against you. No lawyers, no trial. Your master and the court decide
  the penalty. They may or may not tell you what it is. What's the worst possible
  sentence? You are taken away to the detention center where you wait for the
  time you might be released, a date you never know until the day arrives."  
The grim picture silenced everyone at the table. Remembering something Mark
  had once told her, Cathy asked a question. "My husband likes to tell me that
  in engineering the worst case is not every case. How often do situations like
  that occur? Are there any statistics?"  
"Good point, Cathy," Fatima responded. "It is unlikely you are going to spend
  a month in jail because you forget that he wants spaghetti every Friday night
  for dinner. Criminal cases here are very rare. Those involving ownership are
  usually settled without formal proceedings. In the last three years I know
  of only one case of someone who ran away and was prosecuted. I don't know the
  results since the proceedings aren't made public.  
"There is a related point I'd like to make, about attitude. I'm not going
  to lecture you on submission and accepting his decisions about you. We are
  here because it is a need in each of us, to be held, controlled, and guided.
  What I do want to talk about is how you must change in the way you look at
  your relationship.  
"Think of a card game. Your new master has all the cards, and he can play
  those cards any way he wishes. He can even change the rules of the card game.
  If you try to play against him in the game he will always win. It sounds hopeless,
  but you have one big advantage. He wants to give you the best cards in the
  deck so you will be the winner, but you have to play by his rules. You take
  the cards he deals to you and then wait while he shows you how to use them
  to win. He will stack the deck, but he will stack it in your favor.  
"What you have to avoid is that impulse to negotiate or compete. You have
  nothing to negotiate with. Remember that. He holds all the power. There is
  no score, so you can never win on points. Never offer to make a deal with him,
  or reach some kind of compromise. You aren't allowed to hold anything back.
  If you offer to trade, he can simply take whatever you try to offer. If you
  seek a compromise, he can order you to do it his way.  
"The manner in which you change is to remember your place when you go to
  him. If you want something, tell him and explain why. Don't make demands; instead
  show him your reasons. If you are upset, tell him why, and what he can do to
  help. Perhaps one of his rules is causing a problem. Explain to him your difficulty
  with it.  
"Then let him do his job. If he is like most men he wants you to be happy.
  If you aren't content he has to fix it. My husband once told me there are times
  he thinks about me all day long, am I getting enough attention, is he being
  too strict, should he make changes, is there something I need but haven't asked
  about. I don't know how he can take on the responsibility of owning me, or
  even why he would want it. He does so much to give me an easy life while taking
  so little in return. I don't pretend to understand why he does it, but I do
  know he is sincere in the way he is concerned about me. Remember that when
  the man in your life doesn't seem to understand anything you are telling him.  
"What I'm trying to say is, do not be confrontational, ever. Explain instead
  of argue. Talk softly instead of screaming. Remember what he can do if you
  make him mad. And remember his word is final. If he listens to you and then
  says no, the matter is over."  
The class stopped for a break. Fatima had certainly given her some much needed
  insight. Cathy stood up to stretch and walk around. She stopped to say hello
  to the young woman from Mark's company, who introduced herself as Lois Vallardo
  from New York. At the end of the break they all sat back down.  
"For the final topic today I'm going to talk about what you might expect
  the first few weeks after the agreement starts. The immediate change will be
  at home. Of course, you are all different. For some there may be little or
  no change from your current routine. But from what I've seen I would suggest
  you make no definite plans. Your master will be like the little boy who is
  taken to the candy store and once inside is told he now owns everything he
  sees. He goes around the store tasting every kind of candy, just because he
  can. But he will settle down to what he likes best.  
"Until he does settle down though, you better be prepared for anything he
  can imagine. No matter how active you have been in the past, the moment you
  sign yourself over to him he is going to change. You will be giving him something
  he has desired all his life. Ever see a man with a new set of tools? He has
  to find something to do to check out every one. You are going to give him a
  present more valuable than any set of tools, and I promise you he will  try
  it out."  
Everyone laughed. Cathy nodded, realizing that Mark fit the description.
  It could be interesting to try to predict what he might choose to do.  
"Something else for you to think about is your public image. Remember, with
  this collar on everyone will know who you are, and will expect a certain type
  of social conduct from you. It doesn't mean you have to obey every man you
  meet. You belong to one person only, don't ever forget that. No one else has
  any kind of rights over you. You should ask your owner how he wants you to
  handle situations where someone becomes aggressive or demanding.  
"Do not attempt to handle it on your own initiative. You are at a disadvantage
  because of your natural tendency to worry over how your own manners reflect
  on your master. Ask him to give you some explicit instructions on how to handle
  the situation, and then stay with his policy no matter what your own inclination
  may be. He expects you to hand over these types of problems to him, so don't
  hold back. Remember, when you act on your master's orders, you bear no personal
  responsibility other than to faithfully obey his directives.  
"This is not a major problem. Overall, you will find the men here to be very
  polite. If anything they will be somewhat formal with you. They know you must
  stay within your owner's rules and will understand if you tell them you are
  not permitted to do certain things. But also remember when you are with your
  master you will be treated in a way you may not anticipate. Everything will
  go through him. No one will speak to you directly unless there is some kind
  of approval from him, even if it's just a nod or a wave of the hand. People
  may talk as if you aren't even there. That doesn't mean you have become a non-entity
  or second class person. Rather it means they acknowledge that you are his property,
  and he determines what you can and cannot do. They will expect him to stand
  between you and the world, and act accordingly.  
"I know it can be difficult, especially for women from Western countries.
  In my own culture this is not unusual. I grew up knowing there would always
  be a man to protect me and speak for me, either my husband or a mahram  if
  I were unmarried. I find it difficult to be on my own in public, in mixed company."  
Cathy had noticed with Anna how she seemed to step back when she was with
  John, always waiting for him to proceed first. And several times she had seen
  how Anna was treated as if she didn't exist. Now Cathy better understood the
  hidden moves as the manner in which John interceded on her behalf. He was shielding
  her, only allowing others to interact with Anna if he thought it appropriate.  
"This will conclude the session for today. We will meet again tomorrow, in
  this room and at the same starting time." Fatima said as she ended the class
  for the day.  
All for One   
The bare concrete floor felt cold and hard. Ordered to strip, their clothes
  taken away, then paraded through the hallways and herded into a bare-walled
  cell, the psychological shock may have made the cold more imaginary than real.
  Elise held still as the guard closed the irons on her ankles and wrists, resigned
  to accepting her punishment with a fatalistic calm. She looked up at the man's
  face when he turned the key in the lock. He glanced back at her, their eyes
  meeting for only a moment before he moved over to the woman sitting next to
  Elise. It was hard to read his expression, but her quick impression was one
  of reluctance.  
No longer the center of the guard's attention, Elise was able to look to
  her right where Mrs. Yates sat on the floor wearing an identical set of restraints.
  To the left the rest of the class was lined up on the floor, all waiting their
  turn to be shackled. Collective punishment  , Elise recalled
  the Director's words, because we are all responsible for tolerating
  one classmates' poor behavior  . Was it fair to send them all to
  what could only be called a dungeon because of a single person's lapse in judgment?
  It was hard for Elise to answer that question objectively while staring at
  the steel enclosing her wrists and ankles.  
The guard continued to move down the line. No one had tried to resist or
  even speak up in protest. Not that it would have made a difference. There was
  another guard at the cell door, plus two more that she could see in the corridor
  beyond, enough to overpower anyone who didn't comply. With the shackles locked
  on Elise would be hard pressed to mount an effective struggle against a small
  child, much less a large man.  
The guard in the cell finished quickly. At the doorway he turned back and
  inspected his work, his eyes sweeping up and down the line. Satisfied, he closed
  the heavy metal door. Elise could hear the deadbolt slide into place on the
  other side. In the bright light of the overhead fluorescents she could see
  there was no way to open the door on her side. There was no other exit; the
  grey concrete block walls were windowless.  
Shut or wide open the door didn't really make any difference. None of the
  room's current occupants were going anywhere. Elise took a moment to examine
  her own personal prison in greater detail. Double irons  ,
  that's what one of the guards had called them. The bottom piece was a thick,
  two inch wide strap of steel, about sixteen inches long, with ovals bent into
  it to accommodate her ankles on the outside, and her wrists in between. A hinged
  top strap closed over the bottom, locking in the middle between her wrists.
  The area around her wrists and ankles was lined with a thin layer of some kind
  of padding so the metal didn't chafe against her skin. A short length of chain
  welded to the bottom ended in a ring embedded in the floor. She was forced
  to sit hunched over, arms between her legs, feet and hands on the floor, unable
  to straighten out her back or her legs. At least there was enough slack in
  the chain to allow her to lean back against the wall, which did help to ease
  the tension in her shoulders.  
No one had spoken yet. Like Elise the rest of the women tried to find the
  most comfortable position allowed by the chains. Out of curiosity she tried
  to slip her hands out but as she expected it wasn't possible. They would all
  have to be patient and wait until someone came back to release them.  
The clenched fists of Mrs. Yates drew Elise's attention. She would normally
  be the class instructor but after the incident she had included in the group
  punishment at the Director's order. All for one and one for all  ,
  Elise recalled from the famous line of the Three Musketeers, not
  even the Director's wife is excluded  . Of all the women in the
  prison cell Mrs. Yates seemed to be taking it the worst, which confused Elise.  
"This isn't fair! I wasn't out of line, why do I have to be here?" The voice
  came from someone else in the class. Elise turned away from Mrs. Yates and
  tried to see who was talking. "I shouldn't be treated this &hellip;"  
"Shut up!" Mrs. Yates yelled. Elise jumped at the shout next to her. Turning
  back she saw Mrs. Yates clumsily scooting across the floor so she could face
  the rest of the class. "Fair? You talk about fair? Was it fair for me to be
  humiliated in front of my master? Did you hear what he said? I'm a disappointment.
  I failed him because I didn't teach you, all of you, to take this place seriously.
  As far as I'm concerned every single one of you deserves to be severely punished.
  If it were up to me I wouldn't be this lenient." She held up her hands and
  feet and shook the chain attached to her irons.  
Elise tried to calm her down. "Please Mrs. Yates, I don't think&hellip;"  
"No." Elise stopped when Mrs. Yates interrupted. "It isn't Mrs. Yates, not
  in here, not like this. I'm not your teacher now. My name is Siobhan, no last
  name. As long as we are being punished I'm part of the group. No special privileges
  or status, as you might have noticed?"  
Someone else asked, "How long do we have to stay like this?"  
"How long? Until someone decides we've had enough. I have no idea how long,
  an hour, a day, maybe a week." Siobhan shook her head in disgust at the question. "Why
  do you even ask? Maybe you have a watch, you're going to tell us all how much
  longer we have to go?"  
Elise was scared; there was no way she could last a day much less a week
  trussed up as she was. Even now the strain on her back and shoulders was beginning
  to build up. Apparently the rest were having problems too as several murmured
  complaints. One woman spoke up, "I can't take a week like this. I don't think
  I can last another hour."  
There was no sympathy in Siobhan's reply. "And what do you plan on doing
  about it? Why don't you take these irons off, stand up, go open that door,
  and tell the men out there how you don't appreciate being punished, and demand
  they do something about it? I'm sure they'll give your complaints due consideration."  
Her sarcasm aside she had a point none of them could ignore. What could they
  do about it? At the Facility male authority was paramount and they all had
  agreed to submit, without limits, to whatever discipline the men deemed appropriate.
  Even if it meant being stripped and chained in a prison cell, Elise now realized.  
In the same basement floor but on the other side of the sprawling main building,
  Clancy sat in a chair watching his Siobhan and the rest of the class on a monitor
  in the surveillance room. He reached out to the control panel to switch off
  the audio but left the video on.  
"That's a good woman you've got there, Clancy. You could have done a lot
  worse." Jeff Clark had retired years ago but still liked to help out, often
  volunteering to man the video room when one of the regular operators called
  in sick or needed some time off. "If I'd been a few years younger I might have
  given you a run for your money with her." Jeff had been the Facility Director
  when Clancy had first started, and when Siobhan had arrived. "But I doubt she'd
  settle for anyone but you, so I suppose it worked out for the best."  
"You'll get no argument from me. Still it hasn't always been easy. Times
  like now, when I have to send her in there," Clancy nodded at the monitor, "it
  breaks my heart. Earlier today I had to walk out of the room so she wouldn't
  see how much it hurt to have her stay with the group. But what could I do?
  She knows the rules; she even helped to write some of them. I couldn't make
  a special case for her."  
"You do what you have to, Clancy. You knew it when you took the job. Could
  you ever have earned her respect if you didn't make the hard calls, like today?
  You heard what she said, she doesn't blame you." Countless times in the past
  Clancy had sought out Jeff for his advice. He knew there had been no option
  but to punish the entire class, Siobhan included, but it did help to hear Jeff
  confirm it was the right choice.  
"I know too well she'd blame herself no matter what happened. She is thoroughly
  pissed off, that's for sure. At the rest of them and at herself too. When her
  words pick up that sarcastic bite, look out! Those double irons are sheer misery
  after an hour or so, but she calls it lenient?" Clancy shook his head before
  continuing. "Can you imagine what she would have done? They'd probably all
  be hanging from the ceiling by their thumbs while dangling over hot coals."  
Jeff laughed as he watched the monitors. "Exactly. We have to be here to
  temper the more zealous excesses of that peer pressure we try so hard to encourage.
  Save the hot coals for something serious, like a curse word after stubbing
  a toe."  
Clancy stood up. "Good ole Jeff, always the voice of patience and reason.
  Okay, let the watch room know, they get three hours full restraint as they
  are now, fifteen minutes for an exercise break to recover, and then they can
  spend the rest of the night ankles only shackled to the floor. No food or drink.
  Light activity tomorrow, they won't get much sleep. I think that will impress
  on them the wisdom of keeping wisecracks unvoiced. We'll save the Inquisition
  for another day, though by tomorrow morning they'll be sore enough to think
  they've been raked over those hot coals."  
Two hours later Elise was ready to strangle with her own hands whoever had
  gotten them into trouble. Her back and leg muscles were one large ache. She
  tried to shift around as much as she could but nothing helped. The other women
  were just as bad off, complaining and struggling in their restraints. Only
  Siobhan Yates sat quietly, leaning against the wall, hardly moving at all.
  Since her first outburst she had refused to say anything more.  
Copying Siobhan, Elise slid up against the wall and leaned back. She closed
  her eyes wishing she could accept the punishment with the same stoic attitude
  as the woman next to her. How do you do it  , Elise wondered.  
She didn't realize she had spoken out loud until Siobhan turned to look at
  her. "How? Because I have to. You think I like being punished? My master is
  a good man, but he is firm about discipline. He doesn't tolerate laziness or
  rude behavior." She held up her hands and feet, imprisoned in the irons. "This
  is the consequence of failure. He couldn't ignore what happened. I failed to
  teach all of you that simple principle. Next time I won't forget." She closed
  her eyes and turned away.  
Elise stared at the irons holding her own wrists and ankles. It was a simple
  device, an effective tool to make a point. She would not be eager to repeat
  this experience. But the real lesson was one she would never forget. From now
  on she had to answer for her actions, good or bad, even if she were only an
  onlooker. And if they were bad there would be someone to exact a price.  
Would her future master do something like this if she failed him? Surprisingly
  she had no good reply to that question. If she did her best it wouldn't be
  fair to punish her for a failure she couldn't prevent, but that was only half
  an answer. If she were clearly at fault, whether from laziness or inattention,
  then there would be no excuse.  
She wasn't perfect; no one was. That's not an excuse  ,
  Elise realized. The goal might not be attainable but it didn't mean she shouldn't
  try. All her life she'd been the overachiever, first in school and then at
  the hospitals where she'd worked. Concentrate  , she told

  herself, look at the finish line, not the track  . Closing
  her eyes she pushed away the physical pain by concentrating on her one single-minded
  goal for the future, to be the best for her future master. If, or when, she
  made mistakes they would not come from lack of trying.  
Another Class Day   
Luisa entered the classroom for her next scheduled session. She signed in
  and fixed herself a cup of coffee, then sat down at the conference table. Fatima,
  the same instructor as yesterday, nodded to her in recognition then returned
  to some papers. Luisa recognized the other women in the room from the first
  class but noted there were fewer in attendance this time. She did see Cathy
  Sturgis, the wife of the engineer she had met at work, had returned. The class
  hadn't started yet, so she sat down next to Cathy to talk for a few moments.  
When Cathy asked about her future owner Luisa hesitated before answering.
  She began by explaining she was here only as part of a company-sponsored training
  program. Luisa still hadn't resolved her issues with Kurt and his stated intentions,
  so she thought it better not to mention him. Instead she told Cathy about being
  offered a job and how the program worked. She finished with a description of
  her oversight board and their recommendation that she attend the classes, but
  left out the part about Kurt. When she mentioned Anna Leeds was one of her
  board members she was surprised to learn Anna was Cathy's neighbor and friend.
  Cathy asked her about more details on the company program.  
The instructor, Fatima, had been listening in to their conversation. "Since
  it came up we will talk about the corporate training programs this morning," Fatima
  said, addressing Cathy's curiosity. "It's not what you might think from Lois'
  brief description." Luisa flinched as she heard her assumed name used. More
  and more she was feeling guilty about not using her real name from the start.  
Fatima continued. "There's no prostitution or any of the abuses you might
  assume would occur. No one is forced to participate though once in the program
  the trainee cannot leave. In some respects it is similar to a basic ownership
  agreement in that the company as a whole assumes the temporary role as her
  master. It is all strictly regulated and closely monitored by an oversight
  board. Lois, would you like to tell us about it?"  
Luisa gave her cover story about being a web designer in New York and how
  she had been offered a job as a technical writer. "Under the terms of my employment
  contract I am a ward of the company. As Fatima pointed out, that's a limited
  form of ownership. I am required to follow company rules, complete work assignments,
  and in general recognize the authority of my supervisors and the oversight
  board. But the demands they may ask of me are restricted by specific guidelines.
  That part is nothing like the agreements we talked about here. One similarity,
  I cannot cancel the contract, resign, or leave the Island without permission
  from the company." She left out the part about her prior research attempts,
  and how she had been neatly trapped on the Island after accepting the job.  
Cathy asked about the living conditions and the nature of the company rules.
  Fatima motioned for Luisa to continue.  
"I think the closest comparison is to a college dorm, but a very strict one.
  There are two women per room, which has a bed, dresser, closet, and desk for
  each of us. The two of us share a bathroom. It's small but comfortable. There
  is a common area for eating and relaxation. We have lectures there too. There
  is always at least one supervisor on duty in the common area, day or night.
  We have to clean our rooms and help with some housekeeping in the common area,
  but we don't prepare meals. Good thing too, I wouldn't want to eat my cooking." Everyone
  at the table laughed at her last comment.  
"There are lots of rules. I still have a hard time keeping track of them.
  We can't leave the building without permission, and usually we have to be escorted.
  Attending class here today is one of the rare exceptions. We are only allowed
  to wear the company uniform, what I have on now. We have to be clean and have
  a neat appearance, in part because we represent the company. I have to add
  that I had a hard time at first adjusting to such a different environment,
  but now that I've been with the program a while I tend to agree with how it
  is run. Not with everything, but I can live with the rest. And I do love my
  job. It's some of the most interesting and challenging work I've ever done." She
  had deliberately ignored the part about supervisors in general and Kurt in
  particular.  
"The concept originally came from the United States in the early 19 th  century," Fatima
  added. "When the country began to industrialize in the New England region,
  the mill owners faced a severe labor shortage. They took the extreme step of
  recruiting young women to run some of the machinery." She went on in more detail,
  giving the same basic lecture Luisa had first received from Anna Leeds.  
"Now the same conditions don't apply today, but some of the original concepts
  still have some value," Fatima added. "The company programs provide a single
  woman with a sheltered place where high standards of conduct are still expected.
  The Island instituted the program about five years ago. Since then it's proven
  to be popular and successful."  
Luisa did not contradict the part about the program being voluntary. While
  it was accurate that she had joined the training program there had been no
  prior warning about what it meant. She still didn't know if she was the exception
  or if deceptive recruiting was common practice.  
At least no one asked me why I'm here for the classes  ,
  she thought. That was one of many questions she still couldn't answer. Nothing
  made sense anymore, be it her feelings for Kurt or the Island in general. So
  many times she wanted to strangle him, but then he'd look at her that
  way  and she'd lose it. What was it about him that was
  so compelling?  She'd rationalized signing up for the ownership
  classes as a way to understand what Kurt intended.  
After listening to Fatima and talking to the other women in the class she
  had no illusions as to what Kurt had in mind for her. Ownership wasn't some
  euphemism for a relationship; it was taken literally. Whatever he wanted he
  got, regardless of her opinion on the matter. Not all that different
  than working for him now.   
That thought made her smile. The only real change would be going home with
  him at night, instead of back to the dorm. Thinking along those lines led to
  scenes late at night she did her best to avoid, mostly because they brought
  on feelings she didn't want clouding her judgment. Luisa turned her attention
  back to the class.  
"&hellip;so the reasoning behind all these laws is to ensure one thing, that
  we must depend on our masters." Fatima was talking about the regulations for
  collared females. "The curfew, travel, handling cash, the collar, they all
  deliberately make it that much more difficult for you to be on your own. Why?
  The answer should be obvious. The men like it that way.  
"They may not always show it, but have no doubt they are very possessive
  creatures. I'm sure you have no intention of ever leaving him, but that's not
  really relevant. In his way of thinking he is driven to control, you, the environment,
  anything and everything that's important to him. His ideal world is one where
  we are so tied to him it just isn't possible for us to even consider any other
  alternative."  
Everything Fatima said made sense to Luisa. It sounded like she was describing
  Kurt in person. It explained why he was a control freak, and even why he wanted
  to own her. It did not explain why she was still drawn to him. There  ,
  she told herself , I can finally admit it. Why is it I want to belong
  to him? Why do I want him to take away all the freedoms I thought were so important?
  And why do I envy Fatima for that loop of steel around her throat?  
Two Problems   
While Cathy was attending her class, John had invited Mark out for an extended
  lunch. "You have two problems you will have to face," John began, as they sat
  at their table. "The first is what I call the Abyss. It will come to you one
  day, when you are least prepared to handle it. You might wake up early one
  morning to see her sleeping peacefully next to you in the light of early dawn.
  Then it hits you. This woman whom you love more than life itself is completely
  dependent on you for everything. Her tranquility comes from a devoted trust
  in your ability to run her life. The least sign of annoyance from you is devastating
  to her. She will be sensitive to your mood, to the point it will seem she can
  read your mind. It is an awesome responsibility, holding someone's life in
  your hands. Can you handle it?  
"That's the moment you must look into the dark abyss of your own soul. No
  lies and no deceit, you have to answer yourself truthfully. If it isn't within
  you to take on the management of her life then you know to look for another
  path. But if you can say to yourself, yes, I can do this, I want to do this,
  then the next time she looks up at you, waiting to hear your words, you can
  look her in the eye and command her. She will see the confidence in your look,
  hear the ring of assurance in your voice, and it will be all she needs to know.
  If you believe in yourself, she will never question your orders, even if events
  prove you wrong later." John paused to take a bite from his sandwich.  
Mark thought about John's words. While on the ship heading to the Island
  after his Congo field trip he had sat on the aft deck for several hours looking
  out at the Indian Ocean, trying to resolve just that issue. Did he have what
  it took to own Cathy, in the most literal sense? To master her to the degree
  she wanted and expected from him? And what about his own motives? The image
  of her standing in front of him, collar around her neck, had been spinning
  around inside his head since that day John had told him about the Island. Did
  his own desire cloud his objectivity?  
"The second problem is complacency." John put his sandwich down and continued. "In
  the beginning you keep in mind what she expects so you exercise your authority
  on a constant basis. She loves it. But over time you fall into a routine. You
  start to slip, which is understandable since she now knows you pretty well
  and can anticipate what you want. You are not as demanding and assertive as
  before. You might not notice it, but she will, and it will affect her. She
  will be moody, maybe even think you are starting to take her for granted. She
  feels she isn't doing enough for you; maybe she isn't contributing her full
  share to the relationship. If you don't catch it in time, it grows into a conviction
  that you don't want her anymore. Unchecked, it becomes a home wrecker where
  she is positive you have rejected her and will be looking for someone else.  
"It isn't easy but you have to make sure you don't let up. Set rules for
  her and be firm about enforcing them. If she forgets you better catch it immediately.
  A few words to correct her also show that you care. You should be insistent
  but not strident. A gesture or a look may be all it takes to remind her. Make
  some allowances at first, since she may be breaking old habits or learning
  new ones, but only if it's an honest mistake.  
"Don't be afraid to make selfish demands. She will do anything for you and
  the more self-centered it is the happier she will be. Maybe you are sitting
  around watching TV some evening and you get that urge to throw her on the floor
  and take her right then. Do it. She won't say no. Remember you own her; she
  can't refuse. But months, even years later she will recall that moment of passion
  and get a warm feeling of satisfaction from knowing she can attract and please
  you."  
Mark nodded in agreement. Everything he knew seemed to be turned upside down.
  He had been raised in an environment that taught him a concept of sharing,
  that a relationship must be based on consensus, all decisions made together
  but each maintaining some independence. That would not work here.  
"I have to tell you, John, at first I had a hard time accepting all this.
  I had all the usual lessons drummed into me while I grew up. Be sensitive,
  don't demand, share all the obligations equally, make all the decisions together.
  I'm sure that works for many couples, but neither Cathy nor I were really comfortable
  with it. I was frustrated and she was always worried and stressed. In some
  ways we were starting to compete with each other." Mark stopped to take a drink
  before he continued.  
"Finally we sat down and really talked about it. I'm sure you know how surprised
  I was to find she wanted me to, well, I guess the words 'take over' are the
  most appropriate. We had just started down that road, trying to figure out
  what worked for us, when I met you back in California. After talking to you
  about it I had to do some serious thinking, perhaps not to the point of facing
  what you call the Abyss, but I did have to satisfy myself that it was right
  for Cathy as well as me. We talk about it every night, sometimes for hours.
  She's done a good job of convincing me this is what she wants, and she isn't
  doing it just for me. I'm still not sure she comprehends what it will mean
  to be owned, but from what I've read the class she is attending will try to
  show the reality and not glamorize it."  
Finished with his lunch John leaned back in his chair, drink in hand. "She
  will learn quite a bit from the classes. The women who run the program don't
  gloss over the difficulties. Give Cathy some time to digest what she learns,
  and talk to her about it. There aren't any secrets. Anna and I went over what
  she had been taught and how it fit with what she expected. By the time she
  finished she had no illusions as to what would happen. Just like you, it was
  important to me that she understood how her life would change. And how you
  would change too. The key item though, the way you and I think, how we see
  the world, it's not the same for them."  
"What about discipline? How do you correct, or punish? I have to admit I'm
  uncomfortable with the idea of hurting her in any way. I'm no sadist. I was
  taught never to strike a woman, so I don't think I could beat her." Mark was
  uncomfortable bringing up the subject, but it had been bothering him. He finished
  off his sandwich while John answered.  
"You have to maintain control, and there are times that means some sort of
  discipline. She looks for a firm hand to guide her, and that means there will
  be occasions when you must correct her mistakes. Now how you choose to do that
  is up to you. No one can tell you what is appropriate, because only you know
  her well enough to judge what will be effective but not excessive.  
"I sympathize with you not being a sadist; I find it distasteful too. I can
  share a few techniques I use with Anna, but again, don't assume its right for
  you. First off, Anna and I have been together long enough that some kind of
  discipline is rarely needed. None of us are perfect though, so I still have
  to watch for the infractions and decide if there are extenuating circumstances.
  If not, then I do have to act, and she understands that.  
"If she does get out of line, it usually is in some minor way. For the most
  part I point out the problem and remind her of what I expect. She tries very
  hard to keep to my rules and to her role, so I tend to give her the benefit
  of the doubt if she makes an inadvertent slip. If it's minor I make sure she
  see that I noticed, that's always paramount, but a simple nod tells her I know
  it wasn't her fault. There are some situations I can't overlook though, especially
  if it involves attitude."  
Mark interrupted to ask a question. "How can you tell? I don't want to jump
  on her for an honest mistake. I'd rather be the benevolent dictator than the
  tyrant."  
John thought for a moment before answering. "Keep acknowledgment separate
  from consequences. If it's unavoidable, leave it at that and let her know you
  understand the circumstances. She will know that you are paying attention,
  that you support her acting on her own initiative when the unexpected occurs,
  and most important, she can trust you to be reasonable when she has to break
  a rule.  
"But if you think she's defying you, make sure she understands you won't
  tolerate it. Put a stop to it immediately. If you get caught unprepared, trust
  to that old standby for some form of punishment, boredom. Inactivity can turn
  minutes into hours. Make sure she can't see a clock, then make her do nothing,
  in some clever way. It's even worse if you're watching, because it makes her
  self-conscious about failing you.  
"Other ways, hmmm&hellip;." John paused for a moment looking up at the ceiling. "There's
  deprivation, taking away something important to her. Remember being grounded
  as a teenager? All you have to do is take her travel card and she's stuck in
  the house. Or humiliation, make her do something she dreads. Take her shopping,
  find the ugliest, most unattractive dress you can, yellow with big purple polka
  dots, make sure she can't stand it. That's your big club. She'd do anything
  not to have to wear it when she has to go to the grocery store."  
Mark burst out laughing. "I can imagine! Cathy would go crazy. Yellow and
  purple? I'll have to watch for something like that. Sure that's not cruel and
  unusual?"  
John smiled. "All the better if it is unusual. Cruel, well, you be the judge.
  Punishment aside, make it clear beforehand that you are a pragmatic master.
  I know some couples who are so dogmatic about rules and obedience that it intrudes
  on everyone else, especially in public. It can border on being rude and only
  annoys others, so don't go to ridiculous extremes."  
Mark wrapped both hands around his glass, considering John's advice. "I think
  I'm pretty well grounded in reality. I'm not out to antagonize anyone else,
  even if some of the norms here on the Island give me leeway in what I can do.
  I've given a lot of thought to what I want from her and the best way to go
  about it. I appreciate your help too, John. I intend to borrow from you and
  Anna, but in a manner that will better fit Cathy and me."  
Mark reached for his wallet. "Lunch is on me. And anytime you see the need
  to offer some friendly advice, please don't hesitate. I may not always agree
  with you but I'm old enough to understand that experience does count."  
Confrontation   
Luisa sat at her workstation, staring at her reflection in the screen. She
  was supposed to be working on the pipeline templates, but her own problems
  were making it difficult to concentrate on business. Anna had been right about
  one thing. Kurt had worked his way into her head, and she couldn't get him
  out. He represented the worst of everything she had been taught to believe
  in, but for all his faults she was attracted to him. When she told Anna she
  would attend the ownership classes her intention had been only to learn what
  the instructors were like, perhaps to use as research for future articles,
  maybe find some insight into men like Kurt. Hearing the other women had changed
  her view. They were all sincere and open about what they wanted. And so was
  Kurt, for that matter. The classes had made her stop and think about her own
  life.  
Her problem, and there really was only the one, was that it was getting to
  her. The Island, the company and it's training classes, Kurt, the ownership
  classes; it was all piling up against her mental defenses. She was seeing the
  difference between oppression and domination first hand, and it was destroying
  all her preconceived notions. Where there should be misery and the struggle
  to be liberated, instead she found contentment and the insistent desire to
  be the devoted captive. If it was brainwashing then it was very effective,
  for she could feel herself slipping into the same frame of mind.  
And that scares me  , Luisa thought to herself, it
      would be so easy to let go, especially for someone like Kurt  . All
      it takes is to say yes, sign the papers, wear his collar, and belong only
      to him.   After a year she could go back to the outside world.
      She could survive anything for a year.  
She turned to look over her shoulder and saw Kurt watching her. Catching
  her eye he gestured for her to come into the office. Luisa figured he must
  have noticed she wasn't getting any work done. She stood up and walked into
  his office. He pointed to the empty chair in front of his desk. She sat down.  
"You seem to be distracted. Is something bothering you?" His voice was quiet
  but his tone demanded an answer. He fixed her with a stare so intense that
  it seemed to pierce into her soul. She had to look down at her hands in her
  lap.  
"No Kurt, I just have a few things on my mind. I'm sorry I haven't been focused
  on the templates." She made a conscious effort to hold her hands still, remembering
  not to squirm when nervous. Mrs. Dornier considered it to be unladylike. Luisa
  had learned early on never to do anything which did not meet with Mrs. Dornier's
  approval. That particular aspect of her training had become ingrained habit.  
"Look at me." Again that demanding voice she could not resist. She looked
  up. His deep blue eyes locked onto hers, holding her gaze. "Do not conceal
  your feelings. Tell me what preoccupies your mind. Now."  
Luisa heard herself start speaking, as if she had just been injected with
  truth serum. "I&hellip;it's your intention to acquire me. The oversight board
  told me about it. You want to own me.  
"Kurt, I don't know what to do. I want to be myself, to make my own decisions,
  choose for myself how I live my life. I don't want to be changed into someone
  else. I'm scared. Something in me, it's driving me to say yes, but I know it
  has to be wrong. Why is this happening to me? I don't know what to do. "  
Kurt leaned back in his chair, a thoughtful expression showing he was mulling
  over her words. "You are faced with a life-changing decision. I can show you
  how to resolve your dilemma, but first you must tell me this. Do you want the
  answer, right now, this very minute?"  
Luisa frowned, how could he possibly accomplish what he claims?   Still,
  it wouldn't hurt to hear what he has to say. "Alright. Yes, tell me how to
  solve my problem."  
"The answer is simple." Kurt leaned forward again. Somehow his demeanor changed,
  becoming at once serious and intense. Luisa could feel it in his expression
  and body language. "If you value your independence foremost, if you cannot
  relinquish control of your life, then you will stand up and walk out the door
  of this office. But if you know, in the hidden depths of your soul that you
  will never be complete without my hand on your heart, then you will sit in
  that chair, speaking not a word, until I tell you otherwise. Do it now, go
  or stay, but whichever you choose remember this is the moment you decide the
  path for your future. It may be the last one you make on your own."  
She knew the answer. No matter how attractive Kurt's offer, she couldn't
  surrender her freedom to him. Walk out and it's over  ,
  she thought, it's that easy  . She reached out to place
  her hands on the side of the chair while gathering her legs to stand up. This
  would put an end to Kurt and his ambitions on her. She would go back to her
  computer and finish her job. Kurt would go back to being her supervisor at
  work and nothing more. She stood up.  
Or tried to. Nothing happened. She looked down at her hands, still carefully
  folded on her lap, then up at Kurt. She couldn't move. No!  She
  was near panic. I've got to stand up  . Luisa closed her
  eyes and willed her body to rise. Stand up, turn, walk out the door.  She
  opened her eyes to see Kurt peering at her. This can't be happening,
  not to me. No man can ever own me.   
No man except Kurt. The barest hint of a smile told her he knew it too. Whatever
  he had done to her, it had worked. Defiance gave way to resignation in Luisa's
  mind. He was right again. The answer was simple, and one she could not deny
  any longer. Anna was right too, there was no stopping him, or even trying.  
Kurt said nothing, and Luisa was unable to utter a word, silenced and immobilized
  by a simple command from him. She watched, helpless, as he savored the moment
  of his success. He pushed back his chair and stood up. She looked up at him
  expectantly, waiting to hear what he would do with her now. She turned her
  head to follow him as he walked around the corner of the desk.  
"Eyes front, face forward." His orders were quiet and crisp, but to Luisa
  it felt like he had shouted in her ear. Her head snapped back to face his empty
  chair, her eyes looking straight ahead. She could feel him, close behind her
  back. "There is something else bothering you. I want you to tell me about it,
  right now, and don't hold back. I can see it has been eating at you. It is
  time you let go of your worries." He put his hands on her shoulders. "Tell
  me."  
The words came out in a flood, uncontrolled. Everything about her search
  for the Island, her deal with the magazine, her false identity, even stories
  she had sent in. At some point she began to cry. The tears streamed down her
  face but she still couldn't move, even to wipe them away. Kurt's hands rested
  lightly on her shoulders but to Luisa they seemed to pin her to the chair.
  Her confession didn't stop with her deception either. She kept gong, describing
  how she really felt that night in the restaurant, how she was attracted to
  him, the shock of being handcuffed and how it triggered her into unresisting
  submission, even to the moment on the elevator when she wanted him to keep
  going, to use her any way he wanted.  
When she stopped, still sobbing, he let go of her shoulders and went back
  to his desk to open a drawer. He took out a box of tissues and placed it in
  front of her. "You may wipe your face."  
She took several out and cleaned off the tears. She was surprised at how
  calm he appeared, even after learning she had revealed the existence of the
  Island and quite possibly destroyed the lives of everyone on it. She had expected
  at least some indication of surprise. Nervously she asked, "What will happen
  to me now?"  
Kurt folded his arms and sat on the edge of the desk. "First, you will finish
  your ownership classes. I expect you to catch up on the pipeline templates
  too. After that, we will go to the Records office to fill out the paper work.
  When that is complete," he paused, reaching into the desk again, "you will
  begin to wear this around your lovely neck." He dropped an oval shaped metallic
  ring on the desk. Luisa recognized it immediately, a collar. She could see
  his name engraved on the side, along with a number.  
"But&hellip;what about the articles I wrote? The magazine might have already
  published them. The publicity will ruin the Island. There won't be any more
  collars."  
One last time he reached into the desk drawer, this time pulling out a folder
  full of floppy disks and envelopes. "Do you mean these articles? They never
  left the Island. Luisa, your editor has a vacation home here. He saw to it
  your secret reports came to me. They never left this building."  
"How&hellip;you mean&hellip;" she stammered, confused. Then it hit her. Luisa,
      he knows my real name  . She hadn't told him her true identity
      in her outburst, only that her working name was an alias. He knew everything,
      perhaps from the moment she arrived. "Why did you let me carry on with
      the secret identity? You knew all along, why didn't you put a stop to it
      from the first?" She began to think they had played her for the fool, laughing
      at her behind her back.  
"You had to see this place for yourself. If we had confronted you the moment
  you got off the ship, you would have been suspicious and hostile from then
  on. This way you learned about the Island, who we are, and most important you
  learned something about yourself. Any other way and I would have lost you forever."  
He was right again. He was always right. She would have hated him as the
  poster boy for male domination. Hated and feared. One last question she had
  to ask. "What would have happened to me, once I was on the Island?"  
"You would not have been allowed to leave, at least as long as you represented
  a threat. Don't ever forget, Luisa, the people here are generally kind and
  decent, but they will protect what they have, whatever it takes. That includes
  me. And now it includes you."  
His last line made her pause to think. Up to this minute she had seen herself
  as the outsider, hiding under false colors, learning all about the Island but
  never really a part of it. She looked at the collar on the desk. My
  collar  , then she corrected herself. No, his collar  .
  A difference of perspective, now that Luisa was on the inside looking out.  
"And the trip here? All arranged to get me out of circulation?"  
Kurt nodded. "Yes, but the job offer was genuine. You were diverted onto
  the ship in the Seychelles to make you disappear. There was no fire at the
  airport in the Maldive Islands. The travel agent, Henri, he is legitimate but
  he knows all about the Island. A most congenial fellow, and very thorough.
  I understand he's retired from some French intelligence agency. Anyone trying
  to track your whereabouts would get no further than the airport at Victoria.
  Not a trace of you once you got off the plane. Your ticket to the Maldives
  went unclaimed. You would not have appeared on the security cameras either.  
"The magazine company in New York is a front to divert attempts to publish
  information about the Island. Given your enthusiasm for your research project,
  the Island's security team deemed you a threat to the Island. You are intelligent,
  talented and can be very determined when you set yourself to a task. Eventually
  you would have found out enough to be a risk. A few discrete anonymous tips
  to steer you in the right direction and a predictable attempt to sneak in were
  all it took to get you here."  
So someone on the Island, the shadowy security team Kurt had mentioned, had
  been not one but two steps ahead of her all the time. "And what about me now?" Luisa
  asked. "Am I still a danger? Were you part of the plot too?"  
Kurt shook his head. "No, I didn't know about you until you started working
  here. And I didn't know the full story until I filed the request with your
  oversight board. As for your status right now, I'll be honest. You aren't considered
  to be a threat as long as you are here. When your contract ends you will not
  be allowed to leave. That's not a permanent ban though. It all depends on you."  
There it was, confirmation of her worst fears. She was on the Island for
  the foreseeable future with little or no chance of ever escaping. She looked
  up at Kurt, still perched on the side of his desk. "Kurt, what can I do? Are
  the police coming to take me away? Are they going to put me in prison?" There
  was an edge of fear in her voice. For the first time she realized just how
  alone and isolated she was; no one to even worry about her.  
He stood up, reached down to take hold of her trembling hands, and drew her
  up out of the chair. "What you can do is not worry about it," he told her,
  lifting up her chin so he could look into her eyes. "It's my problem now. No
  one is coming to take you away, and if they tried they'd have to get through
  me first."  
Luisa put her arms around him and laid her head on his shoulder. He held
  her close, whispering in her ear his love for her, promising to protect her
  and keep her safe. She closed her eyes, still troubled over the future but
  no longer scared. She wasn't alone any longer.  
Field Trip   
Elise sat on the bench, leaning back against the wall. Normally Saturday
  afternoon was scheduled as free time at the Facility. She had been in the common
  room sitting on the couch, just starting to read a magazine when one of the
  guards came in and ordered her to come with him. He offered no reason when
  he took her to the room she was in now, waiting with three other women for
  someone to explain what was happening.  
The guard had instructed her to sit quietly, so she and the others couldn't
  talk. Shrugs told her none of the others had a clue either. She had been on
  her best behavior the last week, few verbal reminders and no reprimands. As
  far as she could tell there was no reason to expect any kind of serious punishment.
  The other three were some of the more conscientious students too.  
When the door finally opened Mrs. Yates entered first, followed by two guards.
  Elise started to stand up but remembered she had been told to remain on the
  bench. Unsure of what to do she chose to stay seated. One of the others started
  to stand too but quickly sat back down.  
Mrs. Yates must have seen their confusion. "When in doubt follow the last
  verbal order. You did right to stay where you are, even though it's not the
  usual policy." She stood in front of the group of four. The two men stayed
  back, at the open door.  
"You can relax," she explained. "It has been decided that since the four
  of you have shown excellent progress you will be allowed a field trip into
  town. I'm going to go over the ground rules," she smiled at the ubiquitous
  term, "before you start."  
Mrs. Yates turned to the side and gestured at the two men behind her. "Remember
  you are wards of the Facility and as such you must obey your escorts at all
  times. Mr. Owens," the man to the left of the door nodded, "and Mr. Estevez," the
  other man held up a hand, "will be in charge of your group during the trip." She
  turned back to the four women. "I'm sure you all know what is expected of you
  and will act accordingly. If any of you fail to behave as you have been taught
  the trip will be terminated immediately and you will all be held to account."  
Elise knew what that last thinly veiled warning meant. They would all be
  punished if any one of them acted up. Still, it would be nice to get away from
  the Facility for an afternoon and see the main island, even if it was to be
  a brief and heavily supervised visit.  
"Now then," Mrs. Yates continued, "you will be driven into town. The route
  will go past the civic center so those of you new to the Island can see some
  of the local landmarks. One of you is familiar with the place, so Jamie? You
  will provide the rest of the group a little travelogue during the drive. Next,
  you will stop for lunch and then will be taken to a theater for a matinee film.
  Don't ask what the movie is, I have no idea.  
"And one last part. We want to make sure everyone stays together. Would all
  of you stand up now?" Elise and the others stood up. Behind Mrs. Yates the
  two guards came forward while she continued. "You will be paired up. Elise,
  hold out your right hand, Jamie your left."  
Obediently Elise raised her arm. At her side Jamie did the same. The first
  guard, Mr. Owens, took a pair of handcuffs from his belt and chained the two
  women's wrists together. The other guard did the same for the other two women
  in the group.  
"You can put your arms down," Mrs. Yates told them. "That's all. I hope you
  all have a good time." She backed up to the open door. "Sirs?"  
"Very good Siobhan, you may leave." That was from Elise and Jamie's escort,
  the guard named Owens. Apparently he was the senior, from what Elise could
  tell.  
"Thank you, sir." Mrs. Yates turned and left the room.  
Mr. Owens picked up where Mrs. Yates had left off. "You have permission to
  speak up if you have a question or need to bring something to our attention.
  Normal Facility rules are still in force so act accordingly. You may talk amongst
  yourselves when we start but you are strictly forbidden to speak to anyone
  else. In the event someone does speak to you directly, you will not answer
  unless you are given permission, even if you have to be rude about it."  
The other guard picked up the gym bag he had carried into the room and unzipped
  the top. "In order to comply with island law," Mr. Owens began, "as wards of
  the Facility you are required to display that status in public." He reached
  in the bag the other guard held and pulled out a large metal ring. "Each of
  you will wear a collar denoting Facility ownership for the length of the trip.
  It will not be removed under any circumstances until you return here."  
Using a key from his belt he unlocked the collar. Elise saw it easily swing
  open. Her heart raced as he placed it around her neck and fastened it shut
  behind her head. He took three more out of the bag and adorned the rest of
  the group in the same way.  
The ring encircling her throat wasn't uncomfortable but she couldn't ignore
  its presence. She desperately wanted to touch it, to see if she could remove
  it, to find a mirror and see how it looked. Instead by force of will she kept
  her arms at her side, never taking her eyes off the man who was now in charge
  of her. Mrs. Yates' warning of collective responsibility echoed in her head.
  Elise didn't want to be the one who ruined the trip for all of them.  
The second guard, Mr. Estevez, spoke for the first time. He had a slight
  accent but Elise couldn't place it. "I should point out that under island law
  as collared females without travel permits you must be escorted at all time
  by me or Mr. Owens. Be sure you stay close to us and do not stray. If by some
  accident we become separated stay where you are until we find you. If you are
  challenged explain the circumstances and do whatever the person confronting
  you orders. Is that clear?"  
Elise added her own "yes, sir" to the chorus. They had been lectured on island
  law but seeing it in practice was quite different from the classroom. She felt
  some apprehension at being so dependent on him but there was another reaction
  growing inside her too, excitement.  
The men took them to an inside garage where a van was waiting. Elise and
  Jamie got the rearmost seat, Elise on the left by virtue of the two of them
  being shackled together. The other pair was seated in the middle. Mr. Owens
  drove.  
Having her wrist cuffed to Jamie's was awkward but they managed to find a
  comfortable position to rest their hands. After they started for the ferry
  dock Elise risked a question, asking if she could touch her collar. Mr. Estevez
  smiled at the request when he gave the okay.  
Sitting next to the window she could make out her reflection and the line
  across her neck. With her free hand she ran her fingers around one side, exploring
  the fit. There was enough room to slip a finger between her neck and the metal
  band, but there was no way it would come off over her head. There was some
  kind of locking mechanism at the rear but she couldn't tell by touch how it
  worked.  
At that moment the realization of what she had done came rushing in. Someday
  soon she would be wearing the collar of her master, the man who would be her
  owner. She might never see the key that opened it because the collar would
  never be removed. The one she saw in the window might be temporary but there
  would come a time it would be a permanent part of her life. That was the promise
  made by the Facility. Elise still wasn't convinced it would ever come true.  
Jamie must have sensed some of the turmoil in her head. When Elise turned
  away from the window Jamie grabbed her hand and squeezed it. Coming from someone
  who had been there before it reassured Elise that she had made the right choice.  
They reached the dock before the ferry. "It should be about a ten minute
  wait," Mr. Estevez told them. He opened his door and got out. The driver, Mr.
  Owens, stayed in the van while the other guard walked out onto the pier, watching
  for the boat.  
They had permission to talk but none of the women took advantage of it. Elise
  felt uncomfortable making small talk while the men were present. Apparently
  the others did too as no one spoke. She knew it was a byproduct of their training.
  It had been drummed into them to be attentive and respectful when the guards
  were present, to wait to be told what to do and when to do it, and to otherwise
  keep interaction to a minimum.  
Instead she took the time to examine the handcuffs linking her and Jamie.
  The cuff on her right wrist wasn't uncomfortably tight. She could see the keyhole,
  pointing away from her hand. Elise realized she had no idea what a handcuff
  key looked like either. She used her free hand to explore the steel bracelet.  
Seeing Elise's curiosity Jamie held up her hand, sliding the cuff up and
  down her wrist. "Remember when you reach for something I'm attached." Both
  women giggled. The driver looked back at them but said nothing.  
"Boat's coming," Mr. Owens told the women. Leaning forward Elise could see
  the ferry coming into view as it approached the dock.  
The other guard opened the rear door of the van. Elise saw him take something
  out of his pocket. "For safety reasons you won't be cuffed together while we're
  on the water. Hold up your hands." He unlocked the pair in front before reaching
  back and unlocking the cuff on Jamie's wrist. Apparently their relative freedom
  would be temporary since he left the handcuffs locked on Elise and the woman
  in front of her.  
The trip on the ferry was uneventful. Elise and the others weren't allowed
  to get out but they all had a clear view of the ocean during the passage across
  the strait to the main island. The only interruption was a crewman who came
  by the driver's window to get a signature on a clipboard. Though he didn't
  say anything he took his time looking over all the women. Under his scrutiny
  Elise sat up straight and carefully folded her hands in her lap. When he walked
  away she saw Jamie had done the same thing.  
When they arrived on the main island Mr. Owens drove the van off the ferry
  and pulled to one side of the road as soon as he was clear of the ramp. As
  Elise expected Mr. Estevez got out, opened the rear door, and reattached the
  handcuffs so the women were linked in pairs again. They continued on into the
  city center.  
"Jamie, you may begin now. For the benefit of those who haven't been here
  before, why don't you give us a description of some of the places as we go
  by?" That request, really an order, came from Mr. Owens.  
Elise played the gawking tourist as Jamie described some of the stores, good
  restaurants and places of interest. Being a Saturday afternoon the streets
  were busy with traffic and pedestrians. Several times Elise saw a woman wearing
  a collar, and some of them were not accompanied by men. Though she had been
  told she would be allowed out on her own if her future master gave permission
  seeing it in person was confirmation that her life on the Island wouldn't be
  one of isolation.  
The driver turned into the parking lot of a mall and stopped in a space near
  the front door of a restaurant. Close by Elise could see a movie marquee. This
  must be their destination. Before getting out Mr. Owens told them what to expect.  
"We'll have lunch here. Mr. Estevez and I will show you where to sit. Remember
  you are not to speak to anyone outside the group, and that includes the waitress.
  You may ask for anything on the menu but we will order for you. When you are
  served you will wait for permission to eat. You will not leave the table without
  asking.  
"While you are here I expect you to all be on your best behavior. You have
  done well in training and know what is expected. Remember the public judges
  the Facility from the impression you make, so be sure it's a positive one.
  Any questions?" He paused.  
At first none of the women spoke. Timidly Elise raised a point that had been
  bothering her. "Sir? I'm right-handed. I don't think I can use a fork this
  way." She lifted up her cuffed right wrist connected to Jamie.  
Mr. Estevez chuckled. "Not to worry, we'll take the handcuffs off." And as
  promised as soon as they got out of the van the cuffs were removed. Mr. Estevez
  led the way into the restaurant, with Mr. Owens behind them.  
The hostess seated all of them at a large table. Elise wasn't sure if the
  carefully neutral expression when she handed the menus to the guards was one
  of boredom or disapproval. Mrs. Yates had told them to expect some resentment,
  or even outright hostility, toward anyone from the Facility. Not everyone on
  the Island approved of its methods or the graduates.  
Mr. Owens passed out the menus and asked each of the women for their selection.
  When the waitress came by he ordered for all of them. Other than a sideways
  look at them she spoke only to the two men. Mindful of their parting instructions
  Elise and the rest sat quietly until the other guard, Mr. Estevez, began the
  conversation by asking them which movie they'd like to see after lunch. Elise
  admired his skill in drawing the women into the discussion. By the end of the
  meal they were all talking to each other.  
For Elise it was a pleasant break from the routine at the Facility, almost
  a return to the normalcy of life before she had arrived on the Island. Even
  the weight of the collar around her throat was less of a distraction. She found
  it reassuring that the training she was receiving at the Facility did apply
  to the outside world, at least in the microcosm of Island society.  
Outside the restaurant Elise and Jamie were cuffed together again. Each of
  the men took charge of a linked pair and led them across the parking lot to
  the movie theater. Elise had expected stares since she was handcuffed to Jamie
  but to her surprise no one passing by seemed to consider it out of the ordinary.
  They got a few appreciative glances from men but no one said anything to the
  group.  
The movie was a romantic comedy, a recent release that no one had seen before.
  Before it started they all got a trip to the snack bar, where Elise indulged
  in a candy bar and popcorn. Though she seldom went to movies she was soon laughing
  at the jokes and sympathizing with the leading actress.  
About halfway through Elise felt a tug on her wrist. A glance to her side
  showed Jamie was staring at the screen, but when Elise looked down she saw
  Jamie's hand pointing toward Elise's feet. At first she didn't understand what
  Jamie was trying to say, but then it struck her. Elise had unconsciously crossed
  her ankles. It wasn't a serious violation of the rules but it could be enough
  for the guards to cancel the trip if one of them saw it. Disguised by shifting
  in her chair she quickly changed position.  
She had almost ruined the trip for everyone. Lucky for them the men were
  sitting in the row behind and couldn't see what she had done. And they were
  fortunate that Jamie had spotted it first. At the Facility the usual punishment
  would be 24 hours wearing a spreader bar, an unpleasant arrangement of ankle
  cuffs with a solid bar between them. It made walking difficult but the public
  embarrassment was far worse. Almost all of them, Elise included, had been caught
  at least once. Few repeated the mistake. She squeezed Jamie's hand in silent
  thanks.  
After the movie they were taken back to the van and driven to the dock to
  meet the ferry. The return trip was uneventful but all through the drive back
  Elise brooded on what she had done. She knew it had not been intentional disobedience
  but it still bothered her that she hadn't told one of the men immediately.
  Again and again they'd been lectured on the virtues of being true to one's
  ideals. Concealing infractions of the rules was not one of those ideals.  
They arrived back at the Facility at sunset. After dinner Elise, still battling
  a nagging feeling of guilt, went to her room to be alone. She sat down at her
  small desk and took out a sheet of paper, thinking she would write an explanation
  and an apology.  
An hour later she was still staring at the blank sheet of paper. With a sigh
  of resignation to the inevitable she put the sheet of paper away and stood
  up. There was only one way to stop the constant nagging from her conscience.
  She went out into the hallway and headed for the supervisor's desk.  
The man on duty wasn't one of the two who had escorted them to town. Elise
  asked if she might speak to Mr. Owen, explaining that it had to do with the
  field trip earlier. The supervisor told her to sit down in one of the chairs
  across from his desk while he made a call.  
A few minutes later the door next to the supervisor's desk opened and Mr.
  Owen came out. From the puzzled look on his face Elise could tell he had no
  idea why she had requested a meeting with him. "Good evening, Elise, what can
  I do for you?"  
She stood up as soon as she saw him in the doorway. "I'm sorry to disturb
  you, sir. Could I speak to you in private about the trip today? There was an
  incident I think you should know about." She couldn't look him in the eye when
  she said those words.  
He hesitated, unsure about what she was talking about. "Alright, come in
  here to the office." He held open the door. Elise went in ahead of him. "Please
  sit down." He followed her into the tiny office and shut the door.  
The wall behind Elise was glass, with a clear view of the supervisor's desk.
  Mr. Owen went around the desk and sat down, facing her. "Now then, what is
  this incident you mentioned?"  
Else started slowly but before long the whole story came out, how she had
  broken the rule about crossing ankles while sitting and then not told him afterward
  because she didn't want to spoil the trip for the others. She did leave out
  the part about Jamie warning her. When she finished he sat there, not saying
  a word, leaning back in his chair with arms folded. She waited quietly to hear
  what he would do next.  
"You understand that there will be consequences for this?" His tone was neutral.  
"Yes sir, I expect to be punished for it. But it was my fault alone; none
  of the others should be included."  
"I'll be the judge of that." Abruptly he stood up. "Stay here until I come
  back." He left the office.  
Elise could see him making a call from the desk outside. He was on the phone
  for several minutes. At one point he turned around and saw her. The little
  spinning motion with his hand told her to turn away. She immediately faced
  away from the window. Was he ordering the other three women to be
  rounded up?  She hoped not, as they had really done nothing wrong.  
When he finished he opened the office door but didn't come in. Instead he
  motioned for Elise to come with him. Reluctantly she rose from her chair to
  follow. They headed in the opposite direction, away from the entrance to the
  common area.  
An hour later she slowly hobbled back into the common room. Every head turned
  to look at her. Elise kept her head down to hide her red-faced embarrassment.
  It was all she could do. Her hands were locked behind her back in handcuffs,
  and her legs were forced wide apart by the bar fastened between her ankles.
  Worst of all she had been ordered to strip naked, the additional penalty for
  not coming forward immediately. The only saving grace was that Mr. Owen, who
  had his large hand wrapped around her upper arm, was taking her to her room.
  The early bedtime saved her the stares and whispers that would have come with
  being ordered to stay in the common area.  
In her room he freed her hands to allow her to get ready for bed. But as
  soon as she lay down on her stomach he cuffed her hands behind her back again
  before tossing the bedcovers over her. "Second offense," he explained, "don't
  make it a third." The severity of her punishment had surprised her but there
  wasn't much she could do about it.  
Elise tried to shift around on the bed, searching for some small comfort
  zone. She could tell she wasn't going to get much sleep, but she was grateful
  the tossing and turning would not be coming from a guilty conscience. The nagging
  voice was gone.  
Signing Off   
"One last chance, are you sure about this?" Mark asked Cathy as they were
  getting into the car. This was the day they were to formally complete the paperwork
  and register their ownership agreement. Once the signatures were on paper there
  was no grace period to back out. Mark would be legally obligated to take care
  of her for the next year, and in turn Cathy would effectively become his property,
  equally obligated in the legal sense to obey his orders and faithfully keep
  to his rules.  
He held open her car door as she sat down. "I'm sure Mark, as sure as the
  day I married you. Maybe I should ask you the same question. Are you ready
  to take on all this responsibility? Am I going to be too much of a burden for
  you to handle?"  
"No, you aren't going to be a burden. I'm looking forward to the challenges,
  and the privileges that go with it too. Yes, I'm ready." As she buckled her
  seat belt she looked up at him, still holding the car door. Mark hesitated
  just a moment before closing the car door, enjoying the sight of what would
  be his possession by the end of the day.  
He opened his door and got in. Before he started he looked over at Cathy
  once more. She had picked out one of his favorite outfits to wear, a long sleeved
  white blouse with a dark wine red skirt that ended a few inches above her knees. After
  today I can tell her what to wear, any time I feel like it  , Mark
  thought to himself. He knew she would happily change her wardrobe to whatever
  he wanted anyway, but somehow being able to dictate it appealed to Mark.  
He must have stared too long because Cathy noticed. "Is something wrong?" She
  brushed off her skirt, looking for a spot or wrinkle.  
"No, no, you're okay. I'm just daydreaming. Ready?" Mark made a mental note
  that he would have to do something about her being so self-conscious. And something
  about her hands too. He grinned as a possible solution came to mind, one he
  could easily institute after today.  
"I'm ready, let's go, umm, that is if you are ready, master  ." Cathy
  giggled as she spoke that last word. The realization it wouldn't be a joke
  much longer made her stop to think. "Mark, what am I supposed to call you?
  After today, I mean."  
Mark considered it as he drove. "I confess I haven't thought much about it
  either. I tell you what; you can use either my name or the title master  ,
  whichever you want according to your mood at the time. Bear in mind if you
  are in a crowded room and call out master  , you may have
  several heads turn. How does that sound?"  
"That's a good idea. There are times I think I'd like to use the title, but
  I'm so used to your name it wouldn't feel right to drop it. Unless you want
  me to use something else?"  
"I've always been partial to Grand High Exalted Poobah, but that's too long.
  Kind of sounds pretentious too. To tell the truth, I don't even know what a
  Poobah is."  
Cathy started giggling again, "Yes sir, oh mighty Poobie sir."  
"What's this? The first day and already I must contend with a disrespectful
  tone?" Mark said in mock seriousness, before joining in on the laughter. Good  ,
  he thought, some humor to lighten things up. She has to be nervous  .
  He continued with the lighthearted joking and bantering while they headed downtown.  
The Records office was a nondescript single story building in the area zoned
  for professional services. The sign out front, Public
  Records and Document Registrations  , gave no clue as to what type of
  business was transacted inside. Mark knew it served several purposes. He had
  been to the agency before to research some building plans for a minor company
  project on the Island. An online archive of all public records was kept there,
  from birth certificates to marriage registrations, to ownership filings. Originals
  he knew were kept in a storage vault somewhere underground in the interior.
  Legal claims still had to be backed up by certified copies of the paper documents.  
Mark held open the door for Cathy as they went in the entrance. In one hand
  he held the envelope full of forms they would need. There was no one in line
  ahead of them at the counter. Mark placed the envelope on the counter and slid
  it toward the clerk standing there. "We are here to register an ownership agreement.
  I believe this is the paperwork you need." Cathy stood next to Mark, watching
  quietly.  
The woman behind the counter took out the documents from the envelope and
  looked them over. "If you would care to have a seat, this will take a few minutes
  to process." She gestured to a small waiting room off to one side. Mark and
  Cathy went over to a sofa and sat down.  
"From what others in the class have told me this doesn't take too long. They
  have to verify the program steps have been completed and that we are residents." Mark
  could hear a little nervousness creep into Cathy's voice as she spoke, but
  she seemed to be calm. He arched one eyebrow, an unvoiced question. "Yes Mark,
  I'm still sure." She smiled as she shook her head.  
"Okay, no more questions. We've both done all the preparations. Now we'll
  have a year to make sure it's what we expected." Mark took her hand.  
A door opened and the female clerk came out. "Mrs. Sturgis? Could you come
  with me, please?" The woman held the door open as Cathy stood up and went with
  her. Mark wondered if there was a problem.  
Almost immediately the door opened again. "Mark Sturgis? My name is James
  Horton, a supervisor here." He offered his hand to Mark. "Not to worry, this
  is a routine procedure. Could you follow me?" Mark followed him through the
  door into a small meeting room.  
"Please sit down. Now then, you are here to file an ownership agreement.
  Pursuant to regulations, each of you must be asked, separately and in confidence,
  if this agreement is being made under duress." He held up a hand as Mark started
  to protest. "Bear with me, it's a pro forma requirement. If for any reason
  you feel you are being coerced into this agreement you may file an amendment
  in secret right now. At a future date, after a discrete investigation, the
  agreement can be annulled. We will still proceed with the paperwork but the
  information will be turned over to investigators, who will contact you privately
  later on. Your wife is being presented with the same information. Do you wish
  to file the amendment? If you do, your wife will not be informed."  
"No," Mark said. He hadn't known about this procedure, but it made sense.  
"Very well, that's all." He looked at his watch. "We have to wait for a few
  minutes. Another policy, the separate interviews have to be precisely five
  minutes long. Everything will be ready when we're done. So, I understand you
  are a recent arrival, what do you think so far?"  
For the next few minutes he and Mark talked about Island life. When the time
  limit was up, he stood and opened the door. Mark followed him out and back
  to the front counter. Cathy was waiting for him, along with the original clerk.
  Cathy looked at him and gave a reassuring smile. He was sure she hadn't filed
  an amendment either.  
"Here is your basic one year agreement," the clerk began, pointing to a form
  on the counter. "Mr. Sturgis, you are listed as the owner. You agree to be
  responsible for Cathy and abide by the clauses listed here." She pointed out
  the relevant clauses, waiting for Mark to read them. Mark has seen the agreement
  before and already knew the contents.  
"And you Cathy, will acknowledge him as your rightful owner and master. Your
  obligations are listed in this section here." Cathy had also seen the contract
  before. In class they had reviewed every line. She read the place the clerk
  indicated one last time. "If both of you agree to the terms you may sign it
  now, at the places indicated. The agreement will be in force for one year,
  expiring at 6pm on this date next year. It takes effect immediately. Mr. Sturgis,
  your signature goes here." She pointed to a line on the left side at the bottom.  
Mark looked at Cathy for a long moment, and then signed his name. He handed
  the pen to her. Without hesitation Cathy signed her name where the clerk indicated.
  The clerk filled in her own name as witness.  
"Congratulations, and my best wishes to you both. You will receive a certified
  copy with seal in the mail in one week. Please store it with your other important
  papers. Cathy, as of now he is your master for the next year. Your status is
  now owned and you are subject to all applicable laws and regulations, as I'm
  sure you are aware. Mr. Sturgis, she now belongs to you. You are subject to
  the laws and regulations governing masters." She handed Mark a laminated card
  with Cathy's picture on it. "Here is her travel card. You can obtain a transaction
  card for her from any bank.  
"Cathy, you must be in possession of this travel card whenever you are outside
  of your home and not accompanied by your master or someone he has approved
  to act in his place. You may not use the travel card during curfew hours. You
  are also no longer allowed to handle or possess money, in the form of coins
  or currency, in public. If you have any bills or change in your purse be sure
  to give them to your master before you leave the building." The clerk picked
  up the signed contract and took it back to her desk.  
Mark stared at Cathy, her eyes glistening with tears of happiness. "You are
  no longer properly dressed. Look at that bare neck. Nope, it will not do, especially
  in public. Good thing I came prepared. Stay right here while I go out to the
  car." She knew what he intended, answering with a nod. While she waited Cathy
  checked her purse to make sure she hadn't missed any stray coins when she had
  cleaned it out earlier that morning.  
He went out to the parking lot and got a small box out of the trunk. She
  hadn't seen it yet, but for the next year she would become intimately familiar
  with the contents. He went back into the office where Cathy was waiting. Setting
  the box on the counter he opened it and took out the slim metal band. Everyone
  in the office stopped to watch.  
Mark had made sure it was unlocked before it went into the box. The key was
  in his pocket. He didn't intend for Cathy to ever see it or even know where
  he kept it. "Turn around" he ordered. Eyes wide, she slowly turned around,
  her back to him. Mark gathered her hair and pushed it to one side before sliding
  the collar around her throat. Slowly he closed it, making sure it wasn't too
  tight. Satisfied it was a perfect fit, he took out the key and placed it in
  the lock at the back, turning it several times to secure the collar. He dropped
  the key back in his pocket before turning her around.  
Tears of joy were streaming from her eyes. "Go ahead, you can touch it." She
  reached up with both hands, checking the fit. He noticed how she tried to pull
  it open. "No, it stays closed." Mark held out his arms to her.  
In a flash Cathy was in his strong embrace, kissing him. "Master" was the
  only word she managed to get out. They stopped, embarrassed, when the office
  workers started clapping in approval.  
"I don't think this is the proper place to celebrate, let's go home." Mark
  took her hand in his and headed for the door.  
Out in the parking lot he went to her side of the car first. He let go of
  her hand and opened the door. After she sat down he went to his side and got
  in, but didn't start the car right away. "Cathy, from now on when you are with
  me you will need permission to enter or leave the car. Normally you will wait
  for me to open your door, but any other time I expect you to ask first. Is
  that clear?"  
Cathy nodded in agreement, "Yes sir, I understand. Mark? Is there anything
  else you want me to do?"  
"Be patient. Yes, I will be making some changes but not all at once. We both
  have to get used to this, so I plan to do a little bit at a time to start and
  see how it works out. I expect you to speak up too, especially if something
  bothers you."  
"I will, I promise. But I'm not a fragile porcelain doll, so you don't have
  to hold back. Tell me Mark, tell me what you want. You are my master as well
  as my husband now. For my own peace of mind I have to hear you tell me, not
  ask me." Mark could see by her expression and the tone of her voice that she
  was serious. He started the car.  
"Careful what you wish for," he told her while doing a poor impression of
  an evil leer. He pulled out of the parking lot into the street. "Now that you
  mention it, there is something else. Place your hands in your lap, palms down,
  left hand crossed over right." As he stopped for a red light he glanced over
  at her, and nodded in approval as she held her hands in the precise manner
  he dictated. "That's right, just what I want. Anytime your hands are idle,
  not just in the car but whenever you are sitting down, I want you to hold your
  hands that way. And if you are standing up I want the same too. Hands in front,
  properly crossed. Do you see any problems with that?"  
Cathy thought for a moment. "Can I stretch? My arms will get stiff and sore
  if I don't move them around once in a while."  
"Yes, that's a good point. I don't mean it to be uncomfortable. You can move
  around as needed. And Cathy, I told you I would usually explain my orders,
  but not every time? This is one of those times I won't tell you the reason
  why."  
"Yes sir, no discussion. You will correct me if I forget, about my hands?
  Habits are hard to break so I'll need some time to work on making the change."  
"I'll see to it you remember." He already had an idea on how to remind her,
  in a way she couldn't ignore and he would enjoy seeing.  
Cathy stared at him as he drove, unsure as to how to take his last remark.
  He deliberately avoided elaborating as he wanted it to be a surprise. I
  could easily get used to this  , he told himself. To Cathy he added, "There
  really is a difference now, between us. Not for the worse, at least I hope
  it won't turn out that way. I know I could have asked you to do this for me
  before now, and I'm sure you'd have been happy to do it. The difference is
  now I don't have to ask. I like it. Maybe you've awakened the sleeping dragon."  
She looked down at her hands, then over to Mark. "If I have there are no
  regrets. The difference is freedom, Mark. You are free to be yourself, and
  in my own way so am I. We've been together long enough for me not to worry
  about what's going to happen. I don't know what you have planned for me but
  whatever it is I'll be there, ready, willing, and eager. Not only because I
  have to, even though that's part of it now, but also I want to serve you, to
  please you any way I'm able. It sounds silly, but the need is inside me and
  I don't want to hide it any longer. I'm free to devote my whole life to you
  now. That's what I've always wanted, from the first moment we met."  
"And I promise you will have all the opportunity you could wish for, maybe
  more than you really expected." He laughed. "I love you with all my heart Cathy,
  and I'd never intentionally hurt you in any way. But, and I'm serious about
  this, you will obey me no matter what I tell you to do. We've talked about
  this before, how you should speak up, but my word will be final even if I'm
  wrong. I'm going to set some rules, your daily routine, how you are to behave,
  what I want from you. I trust you to keep to them even when I'm not with you."  
"I will, sir. Mark, this is what I've dreamed of for so many years. I want
  it to be your dream too." She glanced down at her hands, folded in her lap. "I
  hope you will tell the reasons for some of the changes you will make, but I
  know you have to judge if it's appropriate. If you think it's better I don't
  know then I'll accept it. When you do tell me it helps me to better understand,
  and that I can use for new situations. I want to please you, my master, any
  way I can, any way I can anticipate.  
"If I fail to obey to your satisfaction then do whatever you think necessary
  to correct me. I may not like it, make that definitely won't, but no matter
  what happens please don't hesitate. Do what you think is right, regardless
  of what I might say. I won't pretend that the idea of being punished doesn't
  scare me. You are a good man though. That's why I don't worry. Be strong when
  you must, trust your judgment no matter what I might say in some fit of anger.
  I count on it, so don't let me down."  
Mark drove home thinking about what she had said. Can I trust my
      judgment all the time? What if I get angry?  She would be the
      one who suffered if he ever lost his temper. John had mentioned one of
      his favorite quotes from the Bible during one of their lunchtime conversations: Obey
      them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves: for they watch
      for your souls, as they that must give account, that they may do it with
      joy, and not with grief.  He could see how well it related to
      the present day. Even if the accounting was to no one but himself, he had
      to be able to hold up his head with pride if ever called to explain his
      treatment of Cathy. It was a fine balance, too much would be abusive, too
      little would deprive her.  
He glanced over at Cathy. She was looking out the side window, her hands
  still carefully placed on her lap. He could see the gleam of the collar on
  her neck through the fall of her hair. She must have seen his reflection in
  her window for she immediately turned back to face him. "I'm sorry, master.
  I was distracted for a moment. Did you say something?"  
"No, just enjoying the scenery during a pleasant drive home." She smiled
  and looked down, warmed by his compliment. He turned off the main road into
  their neighborhood. "It's still hard for me to comprehend exactly how few limits
  I have. My command is literally your law now. Are you sure you can handle all
  the restrictions? Not even being able to leave the house without permission?"  
"Oh Mark! You know very well that doesn't bother me at all. You have to keep
  track of me. Remember, that's in the agreement, you are responsible for me?
  The best way is for me to make sure you know where I am at all times. The card
  makes sense. I can't afford to forget to ask permission or I'll be stuck at
  home. It makes it that much easier for you to control me."  
He had to concede she was right. Without the card now sitting in his shirt
  pocket she couldn't leave their house unless he was with her. John had made
  a point about the travel card and how its use was rigorously enforced. Cathy
  had mentioned it during her classes too, how important it was to have the card
  visible if she was on her own.  
They would be home in a few more minutes. Mark pulled to a stop at the last
  traffic light. While waiting for the light he turned to Cathy. "There is one
  thing, something I'd like you to do from now on." He paused, "No, make that
  something you will  do from now on." He put a hand on
  her knee. "You are an attractive woman Cathy. I like to look at you. From now
  on you will wear only skirts or dresses, unless there is some reason not to
  do so. I'll leave it up to you to pick the style. But whatever you choose,
  you will keep in mind I expect you to accentuate your femininity. Men and women
  are different; your appearance will emphasize those differences." The light
  changed and he turned onto their street.  
Caught by surprise Cathy blinked before answering. "Yes, sir. Master? That
  will be an easy order to obey."  
As he pulled into the driveway he answered. "It better be, because if you
  forget the penalty is being restricted to the hijab  dress
  code. A month or two covered from head to toe and I'm sure you would be extra
  diligent." He opened his door and got out.  
Mark saw her start to reach for the door handle before suddenly returning
  her hand to her lap. Good  , he thought, she
  remembered  . He walked around to her door and took hold of the
  handle but didn't open it right away. Cathy turned her head to look at him
  through the window, waiting patiently. I like this  ,
  Mark admitted silently, I really do. Power is a turn on. A turn on
  for her too, I have to keep that in mind.  He opened her door.  
Making the Grade   
"You sure about this?" Clancy Yates read the short one page report again.
  Siobhan knelt at the side of his chair, doing her best not to move a muscle. "It
  doesn't seem to be enough to me. Are you sure you're not being hasty?" His
  other hand caressed the back of her neck. He found it helped his concentration.  
"Yes, sir, I'm sure." She closed her eyes, savoring the touch of his fingers
  as they traced the gap between the nape of her neck and the collar. "I've talked
  it over with the others and the committee agrees we should move forward."  
"And when has the committee ever disagreed with you?" She didn't answer,
  knowing it was a rhetorical question. She heard the same line every time she
  handed him a major progress report.  
Of course, Clancy knew why they agreed with her. She had thorough detail
  to back up her opinions. Even he had a hard time arguing with her, and he could
  stop her at any time with nothing more than a raised hand.  
"I'll want to see your backup on the second and third points later. Now tell
  me the real reason you want to move her up. I know you look for those unguarded
  moments for clues. What was it in Elise's case?" Clancy studied her back while
  stroking her hair. Her wrists were crossed behind her back, tied together with
  one of her scarves. The scarf was all she wore. Not a twitch; he never tired
  of seeing the self-control she could exhibit when he ordered her to kneel next
  to him.  
"The field trip, sir. The way she came forward, on her own, that convinced
  me she is ready."  
"And what about the part she left out?" Clancy had obtained the full story
  from the rest of the trip's members.  
"She was only trying to protect the group. I would have done the same. Her
  friend Jamie was doing what she had been taught, to help by reminding Elise
  when she forgot. We couldn't fault her for putting our training into practice."  
Clancy stared out into the room below. It was still early for lunch and only
  a few of the women were eating. "No, I suppose that wouldn't send the right
  message."  
He could see her watching him in the reflection from the window. At this
  point in the meeting she wasn't allowed to speak except to answer his questions,
  but that didn't stop her from staring a silent reminder at him to make a decision
  on the report in his hand. He took a pen out of his shirt pocket and signed
  the report. "Okay, it's official. I'll notify the good doctor. We'll set an
  interview date for one week from today." He set the paper to one side.  
That was the last item that required immediate action. He stood up and walked
  to the window. Siobhan didn't move. Turning around he looked down at her. "Spread
  your knees," he ordered, on a whim. This wasn't part of their regular routine.
  But she obeyed immediately, shifting position to widen the gap between her
  legs.  
"More." Clancy used the toe of his shoe to push her left leg. This time she
  spread her legs as far apart as she could. With her hands tied behind her back
  it was an awkward position. He crouched down until he was at her eye level.  
Staring into her eyes he lightly brushed the tips of his fingers across her
  exposed inner thigh. A sudden, involuntary gasp slipped out between clenched
  teeth. Satisfied he could still get through her iron control, Clancy stood
  up. He went around behind her and untied her hands. "Legs together, resume
  your normal position," he ordered.  
She had to be getting tired, but she returned to her standard position, hands
  on top of her thighs, knees slightly parted. Clancy knelt down behind her and
  put his hands on her shoulders. Leaning close he whispered in her ear the two
  simple words she loved to hear, "good girl."  
New Friends   
Cathy was busily planning dinner and the necessary grocery shopping for the
  next week when the phone rang. "Hi, Cathy, it's Anna. I'm going over to visit
  my dear friend Fatima Maktoum for lunch. You met her when you took your classes.
  Anyway, she has permission from her husband to extend an invitation for us
  to visit her home. Why don't you ask Mark if you can come along with me?"  
"Sure, I'd love to go. I'll send Mark an e-mail right now. Oh, is there anything
  special I should do? I've never been in the Muslim section of town."  
"Don't worry, there aren't any Taliban. No religious police on every corner.
  Let Mark know you need to dress conservatively, long skirt and no bare arms.
  It would be polite to have a scarf over your head too but it's not mandatory.
  Oh yeah, don't expect a ham sandwich and a beer for lunch either."  
Cathy laughed. "I know that much. Okay, let me see what Mark thinks. He keeps
  telling me he wants me to get out of the house more, so I'm sure he'll approve.
  What time?"  
"How about I pick you up at 10:30? Fatima is going to fix a Middle Eastern
  style lunch. Trust me, you'll want the falafel recipe. Unless I hear from you
  I'll assume we're on for then."  
After she finished talking to Anna on the phone Cathy went into the living
  room and sat down at the computer. She wrote out a quick summary of Anna's
  call in an e-mail to Mark and asked if she could accept. As an afterthought
  she included the part about a scarf. Clicking the send button she sat back
  and thought about Anna's call.  
She and Mark came from Southern California, one of the more cosmopolitan
  parts of the United States, but even so she didn't know much about the Middle
  Eastern way of life. Cathy did remember that Fatima had mentioned she came
  from the Emirates, a modern country with a standard of living comparable to
  Europe or America. The contrasts to her own upbringing would be interesting
  to see.  
Mark must have been busy because he didn't answer. She hesitated, unsure
  if she should go, but he had made it clear she could go out during the day
  at her own discretion, as long as she let him know. She couldn't think of any
  reason he would object.  
Based on what Anna had said on the phone Cathy knew the dress she had on
  wouldn't be appropriate for the visit, so she went into their bedroom to change.
  She even found a scarf for her hair. Taking one last look in the mirror she
  checked to make sure her appearance wouldn't be outside Mark's preferences.
  She'd ask him when she got back but she was satisfied there were no glaring
  violations.  
Anna pulled into the driveway a few minutes after ten thirty. Cathy remembered
  to grab her travel card before she went out the door. She got in next to Anna.  
It didn't take long to drive to the Muslim section of town. The biggest change
  Cathy could see was the sign lettering, primarily in Arabic but often with
  an English translation underneath. The majority of women on the street wore
  traditional garb, but not all. She even saw one woman in a western style dress
  with a collar around her neck.  
Anna turned off the main street and parked in front of a house. When they
  got out of the car they were met by Fatima at the front door. She invited them
  in and showed them around the house before they sat down for lunch.  
"Do you mind if I ask you about those long tent-like dresses you have to
  wear?" Cathy asked. "Doesn't it bother you that you have to go out in public
  covered up like that?" She sipped at the oddly flavored tea, very sweet and
  hot by American standards.  
Fatima laughed. "No, it doesn't bother me at all. That's a common misconception
  by those raised in western countries. Where I grew up the hijab  ,
  that's the Islamic dress code for women, is universally accepted. I suppose
  it's all in one's viewpoint. I think you would be pleasantly surprised at the
  changes if you were to, what is that American expression, walk a kilometer
  in my shoes?"  
Cathy was quiet for a moment, thinking about what Fatima had indirectly suggested.
  What if she did "walk a mile" as a proper Muslim woman? "Could I actually do
  that, go out in public dressed that way? Would it offend anyone, or violate
  some island law?"  
"You would have to have your husband's permission of course. Because your
  collar and travel card would be covered as well, you should have something
  in writing from your master that he has allowed you an exemption. I can't imagine
  why anyone in the neighborhood would object, as long as you didn't go in the
  mosque or act in an disrespectful manner. Besides, if you think about it, how
  will anyone know who you are? All you have to do is wear a niqab  ,
  that's the veil which covers the face except for the eyes."  
"A veil too? That sounds so exotic. Oh, what about the card? Don't I have
  to show it in public? How is that handled?"  
"When wearing hijab  the law specifies you must carry
  the card and present it on demand but you do not display it. That would defeat
  the purpose if your features are to be concealed from strangers." Fatima opened
  her purse and took out her card. "Notice the picture on the front? The scarf
  means I am required to cover my head in public." She turned her card over.
  On the back was a stamp in one corner with some Arabic script. "This stamp
  indicates I am required by my husband to meet the minimal hijab  standards
  when in public and not in his company. Face and hands only may be uncovered,
  clothes must be loose-fitting and in a feminine style. The workplace is exempted
  if it's indoors."  
Cathy nodded. "So that's why you can wear a suit when you teach the classes?"  
Fatima answered, "Yes, but work is not public. I don't have the card with
  me. My husband has to drop me off and pick me up. I can't leave the building
  on my own."  
Anna added, "There are several stamps that can go on the back of the card.
  Take Fatima's for example. There can be one to require the niqab  ,
  the veil, or it might restrict her to more conservative dress, either a chador  or
  a burqa  . The   burqa  completely
  covers you from head to toe. The veil is an integral part, with only a small
  lace rectangle for you to see through. It's not a common practice outside of
  Fatima's community here. It's a matter of what goes into your ownership agreement.
  If there are no stipulations regarding religious practices then the subject
  doesn't come up." Cathy handed the card back to Fatima.  
"Mark has a rule that I have to wear a skirt or dress. Could he have done
  the same thing, have the Records office put some mark on my card?"  
Anna shook her head. "No, Cathy, it's used only for matters of faith-based
  practices. The church John and I belong to have tenets that specifically interpret
  the Bible to require women to dress in a certain way. The same with Fatima
  and the Koran. Both our husbands agreed to ensure we do not, well, I guess
  'sin' is the word, we do not sin by breaking the commandments we must live
  by."  
"I understand," Cathy said. "Mark and I are not religious, so his rule is
  sort of private? He is the only one who enforces it?"  
"Exactly," Anna told her. "The general principle is that your owner, husband
  in our case, is responsible for the details on how you are to behave, not society
  as a whole. Where we all play a part is to see that the minimums are kept.
  Those of us who accept ownership status also agree to public enforcement of
  a certain standard of behavior. Part of the uniqueness to living here on the
  Island is that those standards can be extended for certain groups. We know
  what it means to wear a collar. Some of us have an additional set of rules
  to live by. If I were back in Alberta it would be voluntary; here it is mandatory.
  I would behave the same in either place, but I feel better about it here."  
Cathy turned back to Fatima. "So if Mark does give his permission I could
  maybe go out with you some time, wearing all those things? I don't want to
  impose on you."  
"It would be my pleasure Cathy. I'm sure I have something to fit you. I will
  have to ask my husband first, but I don't think he will object. As long as
  we don't go to prayers I don't see any harm."  
That night over dinner Cathy told Mark about her visit. "So I thought I'd
  better learn how this hijab  dress code works just in
  case I forget and wear something you didn't approve of beforehand." Mark laughed
  at her reasoning.  
"Seriously, Mark, I'd like to see what it's like, mostly out of curiosity.
  It's quite a contrast. Fatima and her family come from a modern country, same
  standard of living as us, but they have such a different approach to how they
  structure their lives. She takes for granted what I've had to struggle to recognize
  and accept."  
Mark leaned back in his chair, rubbing his chin in thought. "My only concern
  is if you violate some religious prohibition or tradition. If your friend Fatima
  is confident there won't be a problem then yes, you can do it. I'll write out
  a note stating you have permission, just on the off chance someone complains."  
The next morning Cathy called Fatima. Her husband had also given his approval
  with some restrictions. Cathy agreed to the conditions, which seemed reasonable.
  They set a time for tomorrow afternoon to meet.  
When Cathy arrived the next day Fatima took her right to the wardrobe. "First
  you start with a jilbab  ." Fatima took what looked to
  be a cross between a dress and a coat out of her closet. Expecting drab black
  or brown Cathy was surprised at the bright blue floral pattern. She asked Fatima
  about it.  
"It varies by locale. Observant conservative Muslims do not approve of color,
  while those of us from more liberal countries feel variety is not haram  ,
  that's the word for sinful. In your own country, in New York City, you have
  the Orthodox and Reformed Jews. Islam has the same spectrum. I have a plain
  black chador  too, from a trip to Iran several years ago,
  if you'd rather try that on? Personally, I think this one is prettier."  
Cathy felt the material. "So do I. I've seen pictures of those black things.
  I sort of expected that's what you would have for me. This is much nicer. Can
  I try it on?"  
Fatima helped her change. "This isn't everything of course, just the start.
  Make sure it's a loose fit."  
"I thought it would be much heavier. This is really very comfortable." Cathy
  looked at herself in the mirror on Fatima's dresser.  
"It's summer wear, cotton cloth. In winter we wear wool if it's cold. Next
  you must cover your head and shoulders with what we call the hijab  ." Fatima
  took what appeared to be a long triangular scarf out of a drawer. "You must
  completely cover your hair, everything except your face. " She showed Cathy
  how to start at the top of her head and finish with it draped over her shoulders. "A
  couple of clips to hold everything in place and you're ready." She took a handful
  of small plastic clips out a box in her drawer. "There you are. You now meet
  the minimum requirements for a good muslimah  . Take a
  look in the mirror."  
Cathy marveled at the change. Mark wouldn't even recognize her. The only
  skin showing was her face and hands. Her figure was all but invisible. "I thought
  there was a veil too. Is that something from the movies?"  
Fatima opened another drawer. "It is called a niqab  .
  In strict terms it's not directly ordered by the Koran. In most countries it
  is up to the individual. My husband doesn't usually require it, but there are
  times he asks me to wear one. Basically it's just a light scarf with a loose
  weave so you can breathe through it." She held up what looked like a regular
  scarf. "Let me show you. First we need to undo your hijab  &hellip;"  
When Fatima finished Cathy looked in the mirror again. All that were visible
  were her eyes. No one could possibly recognize her now. "This is amazing. There's
  no way to tell who is underneath all this. How do you recognize your friends
  if you pass them by on the street?"  
"First of all, we aren't supposed to be walking the streets to socialize.
  The telephone or the internet is the preferred way to keep in touch. We visit
  each other in our homes. Remember, and this applies to you too, we aren't supposed
  to leave the house without our husband's permission.  
"Aside from that, not too many choose to cover their face. For those who
  do," Fatima took a large light blue dress type outfit from her closet, "they
  may wear either a niqab  , as you have on, or a burqa  like
  this one. It completely covers your head. You have this small lace covered
  square to see." She pointed out a panel in the head dress.  
"How do I recognize my friends? Usually by voice, or sometimes the outfit.
  Or I don't recognize them. Where burqas  are common you
  have to rely on the voice, or perhaps a small child with their mother. My husband's
  grandmother was born in eastern Iran, a place called Baluchistan, which is
  very conservative, like your Bible Belt in the States. Two years ago we visited
  his relatives there. The entire time a burqa  was all
  I could wear in public."  
Cathy took the burqa  from Fatima and held it up to
  examine it in closer detail. "I'm not sure I could go all day in something
  like this."  
Fatima laughed. "In certain parts of the world you don't have a choice. Either
  you stay indoors or you go out properly dressed. Besides, if your husband decides
  it is required you do as he says."  
Cathy nodded, "Yes, there is that. I suppose if Mark told me what to wear
  I'd have to do the same." She stopped, realizing he had done just that.  
Fatima changed into a jilbab  and hijab  similar
  to Cathy's, but without a veil. "I usually visit the park to watch my son's
  soccer practice after his school is over. Would you like to come with? Afterward
  we can stop at the grocery store. It will give you a small look at a typical
  day. I think you will find our little community here is not so different from
  any other neighborhood."  
Cathy wanted to go but hesitated. "I can't speak Arabic."  
Fatima smiled. "Few Muslims can. English is the common second language here.
  Otherwise we'd have to learn Farsi, Urdu, Pashto, Malay, Turkish, all kinds
  of languages. Don't worry; you won't be at a disadvantage."  
"Then I'd love to go see soccer practice. How many children do you have?"  
"My son Tariq, he's 12, and daughter Aliyah, she's 16." Fatima finished dressing,
  tucking in a few stray wisps of hair. "There are a few items to go over before
  we go outside. My husband asked that I mention this to you. Unless you need
  to transact business you should not speak to the men. If you are introduced,
  do not offer or shake hands. You should not sit next to a man either. The sexes
  are supposed to be separated as much as possible, so we will have our own sections
  in the park. Just follow me and watch what I do."  
Stealing one last glance in the mirror Cathy decided to go for the full experience. "Would
  it be okay if I wore the veil outside?"  
"Of course, but you will have to keep it on. It is in bad taste to take off
  a niqab  in public."  
Outside the front door Fatima pointed to their left. "The park is that way.
  School should be ending right about now." Several older children were passing
  by on the sidewalk. "Oh, I almost forgot. What is your father's name? I will
  need it if I have to introduce you."  
"My father?" Cathy was puzzled. "His name is Frank, Frank Wainwright. Why
  do you ask?"  
"In Arabic custom you would be introduced as Cathy bint  Frank
  Wainwright, the son or daughter of your father's name. In Islam a woman does
  not change her name when she marries. It's more common to follow western practice
  here on the Island. If you remember I used my husband's last name at the school,
  Fatima Maktoum. My legal name is actually Fatima bint  Ibrahim
  Aziz. That's the form I use if signing a document in Arabic. Not everyone follows
  the custom, but our family is very traditional, as you might guess."  
"I didn't know that. Cathy bint  Frank it is for the
  afternoon."  
The two women continued their walk to the park. At one point they passed
  by several men working on the street, replacing a section of buried pipe. In
  Los Angeles Cathy knew she'd receive looks from all of them and maybe a crude
  comment or two after she passed by. Here they didn't even look at her. After
  they were out of earshot she asked Fatima about it.  
"It is said that the hijab  frees a woman from the prison
  of a man's stare. We dress only to please our husbands, and then in private
  for his eyes alone. Every time I hear a woman from Europe or America telling
  me how bad off I am I struggle not to laugh. She is the one who is oppressed,
  forced to exhibit herself for all to see." She stopped and put a hand on Cathy's
  forearm. "Tell me, am I having a bad hair day?"  
Cathy laughed. "I see your point."  
They arrived at the entrance to the park. The soccer field was busy with
  several teams practicing. Fatima pointed to one side, where several other women
  were sitting or standing by some bleachers. "That section is set aside for
  the unescorted soccer moms like myself, come to see how brilliantly their son
  is playing while roundly cursing the team manager for not letting him in the
  game more often." She waved to one boy leaning against the fence changing his
  shoes. "That's my son, Tariq. Come, we can sit down and watch." She led the
  way to an empty place on the benches.  
"Are you concerned about raising kids here on the Island?" Cathy asked during
  a lull in the practice session on the soccer field.  
"No, not at all. My husband and I talked about it many times. We came to
  two conclusions. First, as parents we have a right, perhaps even an obligation
  to pass our values onto the next generation. And second, neither of us is ashamed
  of whom we are or the life we have chosen." Fatima stopped and gestured toward
  a group of teenage girls approaching them. "That's my daughter, Aliyah, in
  the peach colored scarf."  
Fatima said something to her daughter in Arabic when the group reached the
  bleachers. She quickly switched to English, which everyone seemed to understand. "Aliyah,
  this is my friend Cathy Sturgis bint Wainwright."  
"Pleased to meet you, Mrs. Sturgis." Aliyah spoke English with the same trace
  of British accent. She turned to her mother. "We were going to go look at some
  new CD's at the mall. Is it okay if I go along?"  
"Be back before your father gets home." Fatima turned back to Cathy as the
  teens left, shaking her head. "By a remarkable coincidence the boys tend to
  gather at the fast food place just across the way from the music store. I remember
  what it was like when I was a teenager, and as long as they stay in a group
  I don't worry too much. She's a good daughter and wouldn't do anything improper.
  My husband would have her in purdah  , locked away in
  a room far away from adolescent boys but I managed to persuade him to be a
  little more modern. Truth is, he goes soft and gives in whenever she wants
  something, a common problems with fathers. I'm the one who has to tell her
  no."  
Cathy nodded in understanding. "My father was the same way. Fatima, if you
  don't mind me asking, what does your daughter think about our lifestyle, here
  on the Island? Do you want the same for her?"  
"I don't mind. She is old enough now that we talk about it. I explain to
  her why I'm here, why I wear her father's collar, and how I believe it is consistent
  with Islam and a woman's place in the world. Both my husband and I also make
  sure she understands she has other choices. We hope for her to study abroad
  when she graduates, perhaps Britain or the States. If she finds another path
  in life we will support her. Meanwhile we teach both of them how to make their
  own way in the world, like parents everywhere."  
Out on the soccer pitch the team split up and began playing against each
  other, practicing offense and defense. Fatima pointed out her son and explained
  what the striker position in soccer meant.  
When soccer practice finished the two women left the bleachers and went to
  meet Tariq. At that moment Cathy's veil began to slip off. She tapped Fatima
  on the shoulder to get her attention. Fatima saw the problem at once. She called
  out something in Arabic and several of the other soccer moms gathered round. "Not
  to worry, Cathy. Looks like one of the clips fell off. Happens all the time,
  I always carry a few extra." Though her face was exposed while Fatima worked,
  the other women crowded around to make sure no one could see her. When Fatima
  finished she said something else in Arabic. The group dispersed.  
Fatima explained while they waited for her son by the gate. "Remember that
  part of the classes, where we talked about the obligations on all of us to
  preserve our way of life here on the Island? What you just saw was part of
  it, though the tradition goes back much further. It was your duty to make sure
  your face was properly covered. We all made sure you could honor your obligation.
  By the way, you made a good impression on the rest of the team mothers, especially
  the older ones." Cathy had noticed she wasn't the only one with a veil.  
Change of Habit   
Saturday mornings were room inspections at the Facility. If their room passed
  they had the rest of the day free. If it didn't pass they had to make it right.
  Elise stood next to her bed, waiting for the inspector.  
When Mrs. Yates walked in the open door it was an unexpected visit. Elise
  had never seen her on the Saturday room inspections before now. Mrs. Yates
  was far more thorough than the men who usually made a cursory check and passed
  them, but by now the inspection was more of a formality since Elise knew exactly
  what they looked for and had gone over the entire room earlier that morning.  
Her roommate, being next to the door, was the first to pass and be dismissed.
  Elise felt nervous even though she knew everything was in order. It went well
  until the last item on the checklist, her closet. At first Mrs. Yates checked
  to make sure everything was in order, but then she pulled out every blouse
  and skirt and dumped them all on Elise's bed.  
"Jamie, come in here!" Mrs. Yates yelled at the doorway. Jamie came in carrying
  an armful of new clothes. Elise realized she must have been waiting out in
  the hall, just out of sight. Mrs. Yates took the clothes from Jamie and hung
  them in Elise's closet.  
"Take these away, and close the door behind you," she told Jamie, pointing
  at Elise's old clothes on the bed.  
"Yes, Mrs. Yates," Jamie answered as she left. Elise caught the questioning
  look from Jamie as she went out. Something was happening but so far it made
  no sense.  
"Starting today your uniform will be changed to the ones in your closet.
  I want you to put this on right now." She took out one of the replacements
  and handed it to Elise.  
After she changed Elise looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. The colors
  were the same but the style was radically different. The blouse was the same
  off-white beige but the neckline was much higher, overall it was a looser fit,
  and there were full length sleeves with buttons at the wrists. The skirt matched
  the maroon color she was used to but it was much longer, below her knees.  
Mrs. Yates pulled out the chair at the small bedside desk. "I want you to
  sit down and hold your hands up, above your head. Pretend you are reaching
  for something on a shelf," she ordered.  
Elise sat down, gathering the skirt underneath her. Even sitting it still
  covered her knees. She reached up as far as she could.  
"Good, the length is right. You can put your hands down. Elise, I can't explain
  why you are being singled out for this but I want you to know it's for a good
  reason, one I hope you will learn about soon. I let it be known that anyone
  who gives you any kind of grief over this will answer to the Director himself."  
Her new outfit wasn't as revealing as the old uniform but in some respects
  it was more comfortable. Still Elise couldn't understand why she had to change. "Mrs.
  Yates, did I do something wrong? Am I in trouble?"  
"No!" Mrs. Yates was emphatic in her denial. "It's nothing like that. You'll
  have to trust me on this. We, and that includes both the Director and several
  others, believe this will be in your best interests for the future. I can't
  explain why right now.  
"This is for you alone. Now I want you to pay particular attention to the
  change in your uniform. It is very important that you stay covered below the
  collarbone, and that your knees and elbows are not exposed to anyone else.
  The guards have special instructions to make sure you don't forget. Is that
  clear?"  
"Yes Mrs. Yates, I'll do my best." And Elise would, even though she had no
  idea of the reason why.  
Ready or Not   
Cathy slipped on her shoes and headed for the front door where Mark was waiting.
  Today would be a trip to the mall. The plan was to meet John and Anna for lunch
  at a restaurant next to the shopping center, and afterward she and Mark would
  check out the stores. Cathy paused to look in the bedroom mirror one more time
  at the metal collar surrounding her neck, touching it lightly with one hand.
  As a form of jewelry it definitely enhanced her appearance, but there was so
  much more. She felt proud to wear it in public, at her master's side. There
  would be no hidden meanings or doubts as to what it signified when people saw
  her wearing it today.  
She turned off the bedroom light and headed toward the front door. Mark was
  waiting for her by the front door. She noticed he had a cloth bag in one hand,
  something she hadn't seen before. She picked up her purse from the side table
  as she approached him. "I'm ready to go, master." She still had to smile when
  she used his new title. Mark had an odd look on his face.  
"No Cathy, you aren't quite ready. Listen to me carefully. Put your purse
  back on the table, then face me and stand still." Puzzled, she set her purse
  down and turned to him. What had she forgotten? "Take the belt off too." She
  unbuckled the belt around her skirt and pulled it out. "Drop it on the floor." She
  lowered it to the floor to one side.  
"Good. Now, hold out your hands." Cathy lifted her arm toward him, hands
  slightly apart. She looked at the bag in his hand closely, a sense of foreboding
  as to what was in it. As she suspected, he withdrew a pair of handcuffs attached
  to the center of a length of chain. They were similar to but not quite the
  same type of cuffs Anna had worn on that trip to the lake. Fascinated, she
  watched as he opened the handcuffs and closed one around each of her outstretched
  wrists. She stood motionless while he checked the fit, making sure they were
  not too tight, and finally using the tip of the key to double lock them so
  they wouldn't tighten further. She noticed how he tested the fit by slipping
  a finger between the cuff and her wrist.  
"Tell me if these begin to hurt, or if you feel a tingling in your hands.
  I don't want them to cut off circulation. Hold still." He went behind her,
  reaching around her waist to take the ends of the chain. Pulling the ends through
  the belt loops on her skirt he took up the slack behind her back, pulling her
  wrists close against her body in front. "If the waist chain is too tight then
  tell me. It should be loose enough for you to sit comfortably." She felt him
  attaching some kind of fastener or lock in the back, but couldn't see what
  he was doing. When he finished he tugged against the chain encircling her waist.
  Satisfied, he walked back to the door, facing her. She glanced down at her
  imprisoned hands for a moment, pulling at the chains holding them, and then
  looked up to face Mark again. She was surprised to see a genuine look of concern
  as he waited for her reaction.  
"Am I ready now, master?" She spoke in a calm voice so he would know she
  was okay. Anna's warning that day in the car had been prophetic. Cathy now
  found herself in the same situation. No longer would she daydream about what
  it would be like. He had caught her unprepared, but she told herself that may
  have been deliberate on his part, to see if she would panic. She looked to
  one side at her purse still on the side table. Should she try to pick it up,
  or leave it?  
He answered her unasked question by picking up the purse but not handing
  it to her. "One more thing, I want you to be silent, no sound, not one word.
  No talking, unless you have a problem with the restraints." He opened the door
  and motioned for her to precede him. That was the point where she did start
  to panic. Outside everyone would see her. Mark must have sensed her hesitation
  for he took her arm and walked her out the door. When he let go of her arm
  on the front porch so he could close the front door, Cathy didn't even turn
  to watch. No one was out in the street, which was a small relief for her. A
  short-lived relief as he nearly dragged her out to the driveway and her side
  of the car. A neighbor was out watering his lawn. She saw him glance her way
  before he went back to tending his yard. No point in hoping she would go unnoticed
  now.  
"When possible I want to hold onto your arm while you are walking," Mark
  told her as they walked down the driveway. "I don't want you to trip and fall." Cathy
  turned her attention back to her master. While she had on comfortable low heel
  walking shoes today if she wore high heels she would want him to keep her steady.
  Actually, she liked to feel his touch anytime. At that moment it had a calming
  effect, one she needed to help her with her anxiety attack at being handcuffed
  in public.  
"Now take your time and don't bump your head," he told her as he opened the
  door. She looked at the car seat and tried to remember how Anna had managed
  the day they had gone to the lake. What should be a trivial task, getting into
  the car, had become a real challenge. If only Mark had let her practice a few
  time before she had to try it in front of everyone. Not being able to move
  her arms made her feel awkward and clumsy. And worst of all the neighbor next
  door had an unobstructed view of everything she did.  
She turned her back to the door and sat down on the edge of the car seat,
  leaning forward to avoid hitting her head, careful to keep her legs together.
  Mark held his hand over her hair to make sure she kept her head low enough
  to clear. Then she slid backwards to keep her skirt from riding up on her legs.
  This was the difficult part. Without hands to gather the skirt under her it
  was no small accomplishment to keep her modesty. Far enough back in the seat,
  she turned and placed her legs inside. She tried to reach the hem of her skirt
  to straighten it but she could barely touch it with the tips of her fingers.
  Not perfect, but she was satisfied with the results. With practice she would
  get better.  
Mark reached in and pulled the seat belt between her arms, buckling it just
  above and behind her hands. "Can you release the seat belt?" he asked. Cathy
  managed to reach with one hand and grab onto the belt buckle. She pressed the
  button and opened it. If the door was closed she should be able to reach the
  handle too, providing the seat belt was loose. "Good, I wasn't positive if
  you could open it or not. Now we know for sure." He closed the seat belt again. "I
  want you to be able to open it in an emergency. Otherwise I will take it off
  for you. Mind your hands."  
She placed her hands palm down on her lap, left over right, exactly as he
  had ordered. The handcuffs kept her wrists close to her waist but she still
  had enough movement to cross her hands. Crouched down next to her in the open
  door of the car, he casually rested one hand on her knee as he looked up at
  her.  
Cathy was mildly shocked at what he had done but also surprised at her own
  reaction. Now that she had made it to the car seat she felt no fear or worry,
  more a calm patience mixed with curiosity at what he would do next. Clearly
  he intended that she would be under his direct physical control for the moment.
  It explained her surge of passivity, the reason she was so cooperative in ensuring
  her own bondage. He was triggering her submissive instincts. She was past the
  point of being able to resist now, but even at the start, when he ordered her
  to hold out her hands, she had obeyed without even thinking about it. She still
  didn't understand how he did that to her. No one else could do it, but when
  he spoke to her in that calm yet demanding tone of voice it was as if her brain
  stopped working.  
As to what he had planned next, her curiosity was answered when he reached
  down and crossed her ankles. Next he pulled out a length of cord from under
  the seat and wrapped it around her ankles several times before tying a knot.
  It was simple and escape-proof since she couldn't reach it. He left about two
  feet of cord for a tether, which was tied to something under her seat. He stood
  up to admire his handiwork for a moment before he set her purse behind her
  seat and closed her door.  
As he walked around to the driver's side, she pulled at the rope on her ankles.
  Nothing she could do about it, too far away to reach. Between the seat belt
  and her bound ankles she would remain in the car until he decided otherwise.
  Mark had tied her up a few times, but those had been private evenings given
  over to lust and passion. This felt different to Cathy. It was more about power,
  control, a sense of place. Looking down at her hands resting on her lap in
  the crossed position it was certainly obvious to her who was in charge.  
He opened his door and sat down. He put the key in but didn't start the car.
  Instead he reached over and quickly unbuttoned her blouse down to her skirt.
  The slightest movement on her part would cause it to fall open. Cathy sat motionless,
  afraid to even take a deep breath lest she be exposed. She looked out the side
  window to see if their neighbor was watching.  
"There, that's to keep you occupied. Feel free to struggle if you get the
  urge, but remember we'll be driving through traffic." Mark smiled at her and
  ran his hand along the inside of her knee. Cathy closed her eyes, trying to
  concentrate. His hand had sent waves of desire sweeping through her. She had
  to bite her lip to keep from making a noise and breaking his order of silence.
  She knew he must have a gag somewhere. He had been too well prepared with everything
  else. Even so, she couldn't take too much more before she would lose her composure.
  His hand lingered above her knee at the edge of her skirt. If he kept going
  she wouldn't care if her blouse opened up. She wouldn't be able to keep quiet
  either.  
"Look at me." Her eyes flew open at the sound of his command. She turned
  her head to face him. He began buttoning up her blouse. "You've handled this
  well Cathy, I'm proud of you. I wasn't sure what to expect, but you behaved
  exactly the way I hoped you would." He finished with her blouse, but she noted
  how he stopped one button further down than she did. She would remember that
  in the future. "There, I have no intention of sharing you with the world. Some
  things I keep for myself. I don't want you strutting around in front of strange
  men with no clothes on." He glanced at his watch. "We'll be late if we don't
  get going now. Your order of silence still holds. Sit quietly and watch the
  scenery go by. Pay attention to your hands," he reminded her as he started
  the car and pulled out of the driveway.  
From the grin on his face and the gleam in his eyes she could tell he was
  enjoying this immensely. She looked out her window, momentarily lost in thought.
  His brief words of praise had made her feel warm and content, glad that he
  approved. Every stop sign and red light along the way he would look over at
  her. Anna was right about how being so vulnerable and dependent actually drew
  him closer to her.  
It felt strange to be driving through town in the middle of the day while
  bound hand and foot, in plain sight of any passerby. While no one could see
  the handcuffs or the rope around her feet, her collar was in plain sight. No
  one could mistake it for a simple necklace. How many of their neighbors had
  seen him lead her out to the car? For that matter, what was going to happen
  when they reached the mall? Certainly he would have to untie her legs, but
  how was she going to eat? And why was she worrying about it? That was his responsibility.
  He would tell her what to do, when she needed to know, and she would follow
  to the best of her ability.  
She could see herself in the reflection from the car door window. The distinctive
  glint from the band around her neck was clearly visible. I am this
  man's property  , it proclaimed to her and everyone else, I
  submit to his will  . It was like carrying a sign that advertised
  she was not accountable for what she did, providing she kept to her master's
  edicts. It was ironic, Cathy thought, giving up her independence in turn brought
  her so many other kinds of freedom. No need to offer contrived explanations
  when her submissive nature peeked through, no more contemptuous looks when
  she deferred to her master. She was with her peer group now. Every woman who
  wore the same collar knew of the need to feel the strong hand of a dominant
  man in her life, possessing her, demanding her unconditional love and devotion,
  accepting nothing less than total obedience while sheltering and protecting
  her from a harsh world.  
Mark turned off the street into the parking lot of the restaurant. Behind
  the building she could see the store signs of the mall. They drove by John
  and Anna's parked car and pulled into an empty space further on. She hoped
  they hadn't been waiting very long but without a watch she had no way to tell
  the time. She tried to see the time on Mark's watch but it was turned the wrong
  way. She no longer wore one after he had forbidden her to wear any jewelry
  on her wrists, ankles, or neck. Now she understood the reason behind that particular
  rule. He provided his own decorations for her to wear in their place. While
  he was distracted parking the car she discretely pulled against the handcuffs. Industrial
  strength matching charm bracelets  , she thought to herself.  
Still under his order of silence she sat quietly as he shut off the car.
  Before he opened his door he reached down and untied her ankles, pushing the
  cord back under the seat. He got out and walked around to her side. Opening
  her door, he reached in and unbuckled her seat belt. He picked up her purse,
  set it on the hood of the car, and then turned back to assist her. Cathy reversed
  her earlier procedure, first turning to the side and placing her legs on the
  ground, then sliding forward while standing up. As before he put his hand out
  to make sure she didn't hit her head. Her skirt came up too far for her taste
  when she slid out, but Mark was standing in front of her. Once she stood up
  it fell into place. She would have to work on a more graceful exit. And hope
  Mark's taste didn't change to include mini-skirts for lunch dates.  
He closed her door, picked up her purse in one hand and then took hold of
  her upper arm in the other. He led her up the sidewalk to the front door. He
  let go of her arm to open the door, holding it for her to enter first. Inside
  the hostess looked at Cathy, then immediately turned to Mark as he stopped
  at Cathy's side.  
"How many?" the hostess asked.  
"We're meeting another party here," Mark answered, just as John stood up
  and waved. The hostess stepped back as Mark took Cathy's arm and headed for
  their table. As Cathy walked past the line of tables she expected to see everyone
  staring at her, but only a few glanced at her. No expressions of disapproval
  or mumbled comments about bad taste. When they reached the table she saw Anna
  struggling to suppress a laugh. Something of a reversal of fortune, for now
  Cathy was the one wearing the chains. Mark stopped her just before she reached
  her chair. He placed her purse in the chair before he took a key out of his
  pocket to release her hands.  
He pulled out her chair as she picked up her purse and sat down. She set
  her purse on the floor and ran her hands under her skirt as he pushed her chair
  in. Finally she had a chance to sit down in a dignified manner. The closed
  but empty handcuffs dangled from the chain around her waist.  
The hostess, who had been following behind them, handed menus to John and
  Mark, pointing out the special of the day. As she left a waitress came to the
  table and asked about drinks. As usual John ordered tea for Anna. Mark ordered
  water and lemon for Cathy. Both men ordered soft drinks. After the waitress
  left Mark turned to Cathy. "You have permission to speak."  
At last, she was starting to worry she would have to sit through lunch without
  even saying hello to Anna. "Yes, sir" she answered.  
Mark handed her a menu. "Take a look and see what you'd like for lunch." His
  comment was casual but she knew it to be an order. He was asking her preference
  but not allowing her to order for herself. John set a menu in front of Anna
  but she didn't touch it until he nodded. A different style, Cathy thought,
  but the same result. Anna looked up from the menu and met Cathy's eyes. Both
  understood what was happening, no questions were needed this time.  
John spoke up, "I see congratulations are in order on your new status, Cathy.
  Has it changed your view of the Island at all?"  
Cathy paused to look at Mark before answering. Seeing no indication of disapproval
  from him she began. "Thank you, sir," she replied, one hand brushing her collar. "I
  don't think there have been any changes, perhaps a better understanding now
  I'm no longer a spectator."  
Anna nodded in agreement. "Everyone was very nice to me when we arrived here,
  but I never felt I was part of the Island either, until master granted my wish
  to wear his collar. Welcome to our little club, Cathy." She reached across
  the table and squeezed Cathy's hand.  
Everyone turned to the menu. Cathy pointed out the Caesar Salad to Mark,
  then handed him the menu. The waitress returned with their drinks. The two
  men ordered lunch for themselves and their wives, who sat quietly as the men
  talked to the waitress. Not once did she talk to either of the collared women.
  Cathy decided it would take some time to get used to what seemed to be rudeness,
  but was actually respect, at least the way Anna explained it.  
The moment the waitress left Anna pointed to the chain around Cathy's waist. "I
  told you so! Don't mind me; I just wanted to say it." John turned to Anna with
  a mild expression of disapproval but didn't say any thing. Anna caught it immediately. "Sorry,
  sir, I know that was out of place."  
John turned to Mark and shook his head, pretending exasperation. "See how
  it is? You have to watch them every moment. Still, you seem to have things
  under control and well in hand."  
His last word triggered a reminder for Cathy. Her hands were on the table,
  not in their proper place while she was sitting. She picked up her napkin and
  placed it in her lap before she folded her hands on top. A quick glance from
  Mark told her he had noticed. She was grateful he didn't say anything to verbally
  correct her. She was proud she had gracefully recovered on her own.  
During the rest of lunch they made small talk at the table. John mentioned
  an upcoming project in Central Asia that might involve the whole company. Mark
  brought up some of the exotic meals he'd had during his trip in Africa. Lunch
  came and they ate while talking about plans for a dinner party around the upcoming
  Thanksgiving holiday.  
When lunch was over Mark and Cathy said their goodbyes to John and Anna before
  going to the mall. Before Cathy got up from the table Mark reached over and
  fastened the handcuffs on her wrists again. He held her chair as she stood,
  and picked up her purse from the floor. Once again Cathy looked around but
  no one seemed too concerned at what was happening. When he held out her purse
  she took hold of it with both hands.  
She stood behind Mark while he took care of the bill at the cashier's register
  by the exit. The mall would be their next stop. Outside he put her back in
  the car and drove across the parking lot to the mall entrance.  
This would be a mostly window-shopping excursion today, primarily to see
  what the local stores had to offer. Mark also wanted to gauge Cathy's reaction
  on her first public excursion with him as her master. Before they got out of
  the car he carefully went over his instructions.  
"I want you to stay close to me at all times. If we get separated in a crowd
  you stand still and wait for me. If I let go of your arm you stop where you
  are. If we come to a door I will open it for you. If there is something you
  would like to look at or a store you want to visit, just ask. We don't have
  a schedule so you can take your time. If you get tired tell me and we'll sit
  down. You can talk to me without restriction but I do expect you to ask my
  permission before you speak to anyone else. Okay? Any questions, or something
  you want to say?"  
"No questions, sir, I understand," Cathy answered. He knew this wasn't the
  way she wanted to go shopping, but that wasn't his real purpose in bringing
  her here today. He had already spoken to John; they would let Cathy and Anna
  go by themselves some other time. For today Cathy only knew that he wanted
  the two of them to do something together, and he had picked a visit to the
  shopping center.  
So far she had done well. There had been the unguarded moment when she first
  saw the handcuffs and her obvious hesitation when she was outside the house,
  but she had remained calm. The drive in the car allowed her to adjust to her
  initial shock, while the restaurant had given her an initial, limited exposure
  to the public. Now she would be in a crowd. Her response to being seen by large
  numbers of people would be crucial in his evaluation of her state of mind.  
Mark had a two-part plan, first a sort of stress test, which she was undergoing
  now, followed by discussing her feelings later on, after it was over and she
  had some perspective. If her comments were consistent with what he observed
  then he would be satisfied. Though she had reassured him time and again she
  wanted and needed the transfer of power, he still had some unvoiced reservations.
  Mark didn't pretend to understand why she wanted it; the very idea was incomprehensible
  to him. But she was persuasive in convincing him she was genuine in the desire
  to be owned. Now that she had what she wished for, he would find out if she
  only wanted the outward appearance. As much as he wanted to own her in turn,
  his own love for her would not allow him to continue if it were to harm her
  in any way.  
He opened his door and got out. From the corner of his eye he watched as
  she started to reach for the door but was brought up short by the cuff on her
  wrist. Let it go this time  , Mark thought to himself, give
  her a few weeks to adjust  . As he came around to open her door
  he looked in the window to see she had placed her hands in her lap. That told
  him she was paying attention and had caught herself in time. He knew she was
  working to overcome habit and so he didn't think it necessary to remark on
  the small mistake. He was watching for signs of deliberate resistance more
  than honest errors. Once she settled into a new routine he would call her on
  it, but she had to have time to change.  
The purpose of the outing was to evaluate how she behaved when actually confronted
  with the reality of her new status. Mark knew he was being overly strict, more
  than actually suited his own inclination, but he had to push her in order to
  find out if, beyond doubt, it was her desire to be so completely dependent
  on him. What he didn't want was an attempt on her part to suppress her own
  feelings in order to please him.  
He opened her door and helped her out. She stood next to the car, both her
  hands held against her waist by the chain around her waist. Cathy was visibly
  nervous, her eyes wide as she looked at Mark. She knew what was coming but
  was trying to put off the inevitable.  
First he had to remove her last security blanket. "Why don't you leave your
  purse in the car?" he asked as he picked up her purse from the car seat. "Is
  there anything you need in it?" Inside were her purchase and travel cards.
  Without them she was not only penniless but could not even step outside the
  building unless he accompanied her.  
"No sir, I won't need it." Cathy watched with a wistful expression as Mark
  put her purse back in the car on the floorboard before he closed her door and
  locked the car. He turned back to face her. He could see in the expression
  on her face that she knew what would happen next. Mark hesitated for a moment,
  considering if he should offer to remove the chains, but realized if he did
  then he would have failed to keep his own promises to her. She had to see him
  acting in a confident and determined manner. If he backed out now she would
  blame herself, thinking she had done something wrong, followed by doubt that
  he had the resolve to master her.  
"Remember," John had told him, "if she makes a mistake you correct her and
  move on. She expects it; she trusts you to keep her on that straight and narrow
  path you have laid out for her. But if you make a mistake the ramifications
  can be serious. Now she will understand if your best effort was the wrong choice.
  No one can be perfect every moment of the day. If she knows you did your due
  diligence, gathered all the facts, listened to her, then made a decision which
  proved you wrong and her right, she will accept that you just had a bad day.  
"What she will not understand is if you fail to live up to your duty as her
  master. If you are hesitant, indecisive, if you do not demand from her what
  is your due, then she will lose her trust and faith in you as her master. It's
  the worst blunder you can possibly make. Good, bad, or indifferent, make the
  call. Be consistent, finish what you start, she has to know you are unwavering
  in your determination to have it done your way."  
With his hand on her arm, he led her across the parking lot toward the mall
  entrance. Mark was careful to let her set the pace as he knew she would feel
  off-balance from not having the use of her arms. At the front door he let go
  of her to push open the heavy glass door. As he had instructed, she stopped
  immediately, watching him to see what she should do next. He held the door
  open and gestured for her to proceed. She walked past him and once again stopped
  just past the doorway, turning back to wait for him. He went through the door
  and took hold of her arm. He gave it a slight squeeze and smiled when she looked
  up at him. "You did well," he told her in a low voice. Cathy looked down and
  said nothing, but Mark could see she appreciated the praise.  
He led her over to the store directory at one side of the atrium inside the
  main entrance. Still holding on to her he looked at the map and listing of
  the stores, to see what was offered. When he turned back to Cathy to point
  something out, he was surprised to find her attention focused on the food court
  rather than the directory. Facing the same direction Mark saw what had caught
  her eye. Standing in line with her master was a woman of about Cathy's age,
  the ubiquitous collar around her neck. More significant was the chain around
  her waist and the attached handcuffs securely locked to the woman's wrists.
  Mark had been worried that Cathy might stand out and was delighted to see someone
  else attired in the same manner. It would go a long way toward making Cathy
  relax and not be too self-conscious.  
The rest of the day went well for them. A few times Cathy asked to visit
  a store, and once she sought permission to sit and rest. At the bookstore he
  released her hands so she could browse through the books with him. He also
  allowed her to roam around the book stacks, as long as she kept within sight
  of him. At every store they visited the clerk always approached Mark first,
  but one time Cathy did request permission to ask some questions of her own.
  The moment he agreed the clerk switched to Cathy, almost as if Mark had vanished.
  Obviously they knew who held the real buying power, collar or no. He had to
  turn away in order not to laugh out loud.  
As the day went by it was obvious to Mark that Cathy was becoming relaxed
  and comfortable. Her mistakes, small things like starting to walk before he
  took hold of her arm, or trying to reach for something, were fewer and further
  apart. All she would need is some repetition and practice to replace old habits
  with new ones. He could tell from what she pointed out in the stores that she
  was having a good time, paying more attention to the merchandise than her collar
  and chains. That was what he wanted to see, a consistent pattern that showed
  she was adapting, integrating the changes he imposed with her ordinary life.  
Her progress was affecting Mark too. His tendency to hold back was receding,
  but something else was moving in to replace it. Standing at a store window
  he found himself paying more attention to her reflection than the items on
  display. More and more he found himself marveling at how attractive she was.
  A few times he took hold of her wrist to lead her instead of her arm, just
  so he could feel the steel bracelet against her skin. When they sat down at
  a bench to rest and have a cold drink, he put his arm on the bench top, so
  he could idly fondle the collar at the back of her neck.  
When they finished their drinks he stood up, took hers and dropped both cups
  in the garbage can. Cathy stood up at his nod. He placed her wrists in the
  handcuffs and took hold of her arm, but turned her to face the entrance. "We're
  done for today." He told her as they headed toward the door.  
"But sir, didn't you want to go by the camera store&hellip;" Cathy cut off
  abruptly. Mark turned his head to see why she had stopped talking. Her expression
  told him she had figured it out as well. No surprise, he knew she could pick
  up on his moods quickly, especially when it was one of those moods where she
  was the center of his attention. She kept her eyes down and said nothing, but
  that was her typical reaction when he became sexually aggressive.  
At the car he took the time to tie her ankles again. Sitting next to her
  he could tell she was already aroused. The bondage was affecting her, feeding
  her fantasies. Before he started the car he ordered her to silence and once
  more unbuttoned her blouse. He laughed as she tried to press her breasts against
  his hand. She shrugged and smiled at him, as if to say she had to give it a
  try. He answered by slipping a hand beneath her open blouse and squeezing one
  breast hard. Cathy gasped, closed her eyes and arched her head back, but managed
  not to cry out. Mark laughed again, openly enjoying her helpless position.
  He started the car and pulled out of the parking lot into traffic. Cathy was
  sitting very still lest any move on her part cause her blouse to fall open.
  He didn't make it any easier for her. At stoplights he would reach over and
  put his hand between her legs, beneath her skirt. More than once she shuddered
  involuntarily, and she was losing her concentration as small groans of pleasure
  escaped her best efforts to stay quiet.  
They reached the house. Mark hit the garage opener. He had to park inside
  since the car would need to recharge overnight. He pulled in and hit the button
  to close the door. Cathy watched as he opened his door, eagerly anticipating
  what was to come in a few minutes. Mark turned as if to get out, then suddenly
  twisted back and lunged across the car seat. With one hand in her hair he roughly
  pulled her head back against the seat rest, while forcing open her loose blouse
  with his other hand. Between the passionate kiss and the hand fondling her
  breast Cathy lost all self-control, struggling fruitlessly against her bonds
  as she tried to reach him. The unexpected way he had suddenly seized and used
  her, coupled with her vulnerable position had pushed her past the point where
  she could think rationally. An uncontrollable orgasm raced through her body
  and mind even as his hands were still on her. Only the first of many, Mark
  knew, for he had her solidly within his power now. She would beg for more all
  through the evening, surrendering her body, her mind, and her dignity to his
  demands.  
Mark drew back, watching her as she recovered, breathing shallow and skin
  flushed. Her eyes were still closed. He began to appreciate the degree of control
  he now had, seeing how quickly and easily he could bring her to this state.
  Cathy turned to look at him, her eyes wide as she realized what he had done.
  She had little time to think about it as Mark grabbed her hair and once again
  kissed her, smothering whatever question she was about to ask.  
This time his other hand went to her waist, yanking hard on the handcuffs
  and chain holding her prisoner. He could feel her hands move, trying to reach
  up to touch him but rendered useless by the bonds he had placed on her. Another
  orgasm hit her immediately, the shaking and senseless fight against the restraints
  telling Mark she was lost to the moment, not even aware of what she was doing.
  He grinned as he drew back again. From now on she would never look at a car
  seat without remembering this moment. He reached out and took her chin in his
  hand, turning her head to face him.  
"Don't ever forget Cathy. I am your master, no one else. You answer only
  to me. I own you, mind and body, and I will do with you as I please. I will
  accept nothing less than your complete obedience. I will not tolerate defiance
  of any kind. Your place is to serve and please me, don't ever lose sight of
  why you are here." Mark ended with his eyes boring into her own, till she had
  to look away, unable to meet the intensity of his gaze. Reinforcement when
  she was most susceptible, that's what he wanted to impress on her. Cathy said
  nothing, remembering she was still under orders not to speak, but he could
  see his words had not been ignored.  
Mark got out of the car, went around to her side, and released her seat belt.
  He had to help her stand up. Holding onto her arm he led her into the house,
  past the kitchen into the bedroom. He ordered her to stand still as he removed
  the handcuffs and waist chain. Setting them on the floor he began to undress
  her, not permitting her to help. Finished, he swept her up in his arms and
  dropped her onto the bed. Throughout the evening they made love as never before,
  tender at first, then forceful, always with Mark in control.  
Later That Night   
In bed later that night Cathy lay in Mark's arms, head on his chest. He noticed
  her thoughtful look. Enjoying the moment he waited, knowing some kind of question
  was on the way.  
"Mark? This morning, when you made me wear those chains? I was so scared
  when we went out the door, mostly that people would laugh and make fun of me,
  or I'd do something stupid and you would be disappointed or embarrassed because
  I made a mistake in front of everyone. At the restaurant I was terrified to
  even get out of the car. But once we were inside and at the table I realized
  I didn't have to worry. People looked but didn't laugh, no one pointed or made
  some snide remark. There really is something special about this place.  
"It was odd, this morning. I didn't want to wear those handcuffs, but I couldn't
  help myself. I wanted so badly to say no but the words never came out, even
  as I saw my hands go out to you. After you finished I saw how concerned you
  were. It's funny, but the moment you were done somehow I knew I had to go through
  with it. That's why I told you I was okay.  
"Anyway, I wanted to tell you that I liked the way you acted this morning,
  before we left. You didn't ask me first, you just did what you wanted to do.
  It was unexpected, but I don't have any problems with it. I hope you will ask
  me if you think it appropriate, but it is within your rights as my master to
  proceed as you see fit. That's all." Cathy finished and snuggled closer to
  him, one hand idly tracing a circle on his chest.  
Putting her in restraints had been an impulse that came to Mark the day before,
  on the way home from work. He had detoured to a store and obtained the equipment
  on his way home from work. At first Mark had planned to tell her what he intended
  to do, but on reflection thought she would do better if she didn't have time
  to brood over it beforehand. It was a fine line he had to walk; on the one
  side he had to show her that he was in charge and did not require her consent
  or approval, but on the other side he didn't want to hurt or scare her. For
  his peace of mind he had to be sure her trust came from love and devotion,
  not fear.  
In the short time Cathy had been collared Mark could already see changes
  taking place in how she behaved. This morning when he had taken the chains
  out of the bag he saw how her expression altered, the anxious moment when she
  realized what he intended. The old Cathy would have cooperated after first
  sending him a questioning look and asking what he was going to do. This new
  Cathy had not questioned; her arms had reached out to him as if she were being
  compelled by something too powerful for her to resist. For the first time he
  had seen the effect of sheer dominance, force of will, as it immediately stripped
  away any resistance on her part.  
He put a hand over hers as he turned to look down at her. "I was anxious
  for a moment there, thought maybe you were going to have some kind of a panic
  attack. I could tell you were nervous, but I wasn't quite sure that you wouldn't
  freak out and somehow hurt yourself." He reached over and took her chin in
  his hand, tilting her face up so he could see into her eyes. "I want you to
  know that I'm very pleased with how you behaved today. This was important to
  me, Cathy, and you did everything right. Not once did I have to correct you.
  You obeyed every order to the letter and didn't forget anything I told you
  to do. Not once did you say anything inappropriate or act improperly in any
  way. You would make any man proud to have you at his side. I'm glad you chose
  me."  
"Really, you mean it?" She tilted her head to better see his face. She had
  tried so hard to be perfect for him. She lived to hear him say words like that.
  It was what she had sought after for so long. He was pleased with her.  
"Yes I do Cathy. They aren't empty words of praise, and you know it. Never
  think I don't value what you have given me by wearing that collar around your
  neck. You are a superbly unique type of woman, one who can willingly and happily
  devote herself entirely to one man. I could never find someone like you again,
  nor would I even consider it. You have given me everything I could ever desire.
  The piece of paper may say I own you, but in your own way you have guaranteed
  I belong to you as well.  
"Don't forget who is in charge here though. You may have a pretty strong
  hold over me, but it doesn't prevent me from running your life. When I tell
  you to do something I expect you to obey, whatever it may be. I will not tolerate
  laziness or a bad attitude."  
"Oh no, sir, I won't ever forget. Besides, it's hard to overlook one's obligations
  when there is a permanent and constant reminder." She smiled up at him, and
  then laid her head on his chest once more. He felt the cool touch of her collar
  on his skin. "I can't help being what I am. I need you, Mark, more than you
  could ever know. I need you to command me, force me, lead me into your vision
  of our future. Like you did this morning. And this evening, in the garage,
  that's the man I want.  
"And master? I felt clumsy and awkward today while wearing your chains. Will
  you allow me to practice here at home? I know I can do better if you help me."  
"You did quite well for the first time. Yes, I'll see that you get lots of
  practice. We'll work on it together. Meanwhile, it's time to go to sleep." He
  leered at her then smiled.  
They drifted off to sleep with Cathy nestled in his arms. Hours later she
  roused for a moment. It was still dark outside but she could see the first
  hint of dawn from the gap between window and curtain. From his breathing she
  could tell he was asleep. They had shifted into their usual sleeping position,
  he behind her, one hand casually draped over her hip. Careful not to wake him
  she touched his hand. Anything he wants  , she promised, no
  matter what it is I'll do it  . She closed her eyes and went back
  to sleep.  
Before the Interview   
In any journey there comes the point of no return. A point in time where
  events dictate the only choice is to go forward. Looking down at her hands
  Elise knew the return point had come and gone. She leaned back against the
  cool concrete wall and closed her eyes. In retrospect there had never been
  a point where she would have stopped, even if they had given her the opportunity.  
Her nose was itching again. It had to be psychosomatic, a cruel trick her
  mind played on her body. Her nose never itched when she could scratch it. Turning
  her head to one side she rubbed her nose against the rough surface of the block
  wall. Instant relief, but she knew it wouldn't last. The cure was to rub her
  nose with her hand, but that wasn't possible at the moment.  
Her eyes were still closed but she could describe exactly how she looked
  if anyone asked. She had on the special uniform Mrs. Yates had given her: long
  sleeved blouse, the skirt ending below her knees, and low heeled sandals. Around
  her waist was the wide leather belt that was locked behind her back. Behind
  her back where she couldn't reach it, because the steel ring riveted to the
  front of the belt held the handcuffs locked on her wrists. She had never been
  given the key that fit those cuffs, but even if the key were sitting on the
  bench next to her it wouldn't make a difference. The training she'd received
  at the Facility the last few months had taken hold and grown within her. She
  would never even consider trying to escape from the restraints.  
Jewelry was forbidden, as was just about everything else, though the cuffs
  on her wrists might qualify as a set of matching bracelets. She had been told
  they made her look attractive. As an accessory they would not have been her
  first choice, but no one had consulted her. Neither had she been asked if she
  would like to wear the matching leg cuffs now locked around her ankles. In
  some ways those were worse than the handcuffs. She could stand up, and even
  walk around, but the short eight inch chain between her feet limited her to
  a slow and clumsy shuffle.  
Her eyes flew open at the sound of an opening door in the hallway. Immediately
  she sat up straight on the bench and checked her position: legs together, knees
  not quite touching, shoes precisely two inches apart on the floor. She had
  been taught to present herself in a certain way, to the point where it became
  a reflex. Failure to act in the proper manner was unacceptable, both for her
  pride in the person she had become and to those who now determined her fate.  
Elise strained to hear any footsteps on the hallway floor. She held her breath
  in expectation as she heard faint male voices, but the loud sound of another
  cell door sliding open told her they had not come for her this time. She relaxed,
  slowly letting her breath out. She did not move, for they might still walk
  past her. Even the slightest mistake on her part could earn her some unwelcome
  attention. When her turn did come it had to be for the right reason, not for
  disciplinary review.  
The cell door down the hall closed. She had been brought to this place, blindfolded,
  along with two other women. The three of them had been ordered not to talk
  at the start of the trip. When they had arrived at her current location they
  had been separated and placed in holding cells before the blindfolds were removed.
  Elise's cell was the most distant from the entrance to the holding area. Her
  only instructions had been to sit quietly on the bench and wait to be called.
  Twice they had come now, doubtless to take the other women away. Unless someone
  else was in another cell she would be next.  
This place must be on the same island as the Facility because they hadn't
  boarded the ferry. There had been no explanation as to why she and the others
  had been brought here, or even what purpose this building served. As
  it should be  , Elise reminded herself, I'll be told when
  I need to know. But it would be nice to have some advance warning now and then.   
She heard the hallway door close. Leaning forward she turned her head to
  one side to check if she could hear anyone left in the hallway. After waiting
  a few moments she leaned back against the wall again and stretched out her
  legs. Of course, she could stand up and walk to the cell door, and then look
  out through the bars to see if anyone was there. But she had been told to sit
  on the bench. The door, and for that matter even standing up, were all out
  of bounds.  
She straightened her legs, trying to move them as much as she was allowed
  to avoid sore muscles. She had no watch, nor was there a clock on the wall,
  so she had no idea how long she had been waiting. Telling time was a difficult
  task these days. The Facility had no clocks in the section where she lived.
  Those who supervised her and the other trainees rarely wore a wristwatch. And
  naturally the trainees had no watches, clocks, or much else. They were not
  allowed personal possessions.  
The rings surrounding her ankles gleamed, reflecting the light from the fluorescent
  fixture overhead. No running away, certainly no kicking, nothing but a slow
  hobbled walk. Not that she wanted to fight or escape, but they saw to it the
  thought never got past a short-lived fantasy. The chains made her easy to control,
  whether or not it suited her. At first the restraints had scared her, made
  her feel like a criminal who couldn't be trusted. Patience, familiarity and
  education had helped her overcome her fears, to where she now felt comfortable
  when helpless.  
Not just comfortable  , she told herself, but
      excited  . She had looked forward to this day ever since she
      had first arrived. She had been restrained and confined before, for longer
      periods, some times as a punishment, some for training purposes, but this
      time was different. Today she was sure she would be interviewed. Today
      she might well meet the man who would own her. In a few hours her life
      might change forever, and her dream come true. Maybe she'd even learn the
      answer to the mystery of her new change in uniform.  
No one had told her the reason she had been brought here, but it was the
  only explanation. She had been outside the Facility before, always escorted
  and usually restrained in some way. But for those trips the chains had been
  removed while she was in a secure area, like the cell she occupied now. This
  time they had left the cuffs on, deliberately, to affect her state of mind.
  It worked too. Even though Elise knew the reasons, still she was on edge, anxious
  for someone to come back for her. With her hands and arms all but useless and
  only very limited use of her legs she could be easily controlled by anyone.  
It was an ideal mindset for her upcoming interview. Her interrogator would
  be in charge from the moment he walked in. Her assignment would be to comply
  with his commands, to answer each question honestly, and to ensure she did
  not deceive or displease him in some way. The weight of the cuffs did wonders
  to remind her of her status. From her training she had an idea of what to expect
  but her instructors had stressed how potential masters could be unpredictable.
  She had to be alert to every nuance, his tone of voice, his body language,
  the expression on his face. It would be his decision whether or not to accept
  her but Elise still wanted to do her best no matter what type of man he was.  
Lost in a daydream about some white knight and a castle she jumped when the
  sound of the hallway door opening reached her. Once more she sat up straight,
  ready for them to come for her. This time her hopes were answered as two men
  stopped outside her cell.  
"Stand up, turn and face the wall," one man spoke softly. Elise immediately
  came to her feet and turned her back to the door. She heard a key in the lock
  followed by the sound of the door sliding open. One of the guards came in and
  stood behind her. He did a cursory check of the belt and her handcuffs. Satisfied
  she wasn't about to free herself, overpower the two of them and make her escape
  he took hold of her arm to turn her around. "You will be interviewed in a few
  moments. You will conduct yourself in a respectful and dignified manner, as
  you have been taught. If your behavior is in any way deemed rude or inappropriate
  the consequences will be severe. You will be representing the Facility. Do
  you understand?"  
She understood all too well. In the classes it had been drummed into them
  over and over what this moment meant. "Yes, sir, I understand." She understood
  that if she failed, if there was any complaint about her attitude or degree
  of cooperation then she would be forced to start over in her training. And
  not just repeating her training, but starting in a disciplinary class. Her
  instructors had made it clear that was the last thing in the world she wanted.  
The guards didn't remove her handcuffs or leg shackles. Instead they walked
  slowly, so she could keep up. They were on either side of her, one holding
  her left arm and the other her right so she wouldn't fall if she lost her balance.
  Without the blindfold she could now see the route they had taken earlier in
  the day. They passed two empty cells before reaching the solid metal door in
  the hallway. The man to her left let go of her arm and took out a key from
  his belt. He opened the door so the second guard could lead her through to
  the corridor on the other side.  
Beyond was a carpeted hallway and numbered wooden doors. From this side even
  the door to the holding area appeared to be of wood when closed. There were
  pictures on the walls and indirect lighting in the ceiling. It would be easy
  to mistake this place for a hotel.  
"You are in number seven," the man to her right said, gesturing ahead. Firmly
  in the grip of the men on each side she started forward, peering at the room
  numbers as they passed doors. Even at the slow rate she could manage they reached
  her room quickly. The man to her left opened the door and held it for her,
  nodding his head to indicate she should enter.  
Elise wasn't sure what to expect but the room was a surprise only in its
  bland decoration. There was a desk and office chair near the door and beyond
  it in the middle of an otherwise empty room an armless wooden chair. She looked
  up at the man holding her right arm, unsure as to what she should do next.  
"Stand in front of that chair," he told her while pointing to a spot in the
  middle of the room. "Do not sit down unless told to do so. Face the rear wall,
  look straight ahead and do not turn around until given permission, even if
  you hear the door open and close. Is that clear?"  
"Yes, sir." He led her past the desk into the room. Once he had her in position
  he released his grip on her arm. The other guard had already left the room
  and was out in the corridor. Elise couldn't see him but she heard him leave
  as he brushed past the desk. The remaining guard checked her restraint belt
  and cuffs one last time. "Remember, eyes forward, don't move, and do not turn
  around unless you are told to do so. Do not speak unless you are given permission
  or asked a direct question." He stopped but didn't leave immediately. She sensed
  there was something else he wanted to say, something that wasn't in the script.  
"Elise, one last thing. We are all proud of how well you've done at the Facility.
  We want the best for you. From now on you're on your own. Remember what you've
  learned; trust your instinct to do what's right. And Mrs. Yates says not to
  fidget." With that warning he left. She heard the door close behind him.  
She risked a quick look down at herself to make sure her skirt and blouse
  were straight. She crossed her hands and shifted her feet further apart to
  raise the connecting chain off the floor. She focused on a point on the wall,
  staring at it, concentrating on not looking around. Her heart was beating wildly
  with excitement. Breathe in, breathe out, stay calm Elise, you can
  do this  .  
Prior Preparation   
Ben Jaffe leaned back in his chair as he watched Elise on the monitor. What
  he saw confirmed the impression he had gleaned from her training records. Not
  once had she stood up since the guards had put her in the holding cell. The
  key to understanding her was the principle of order imposed from without. It
  explained her dedication.  
He recognized it from the way she completed her writing assignments. When
  instructors had provided an outline her prose had been concise, consistently
  on topic and never straying from the guidelines given to her. But if there
  was no outline and the purpose of the assignment was vague or poorly defined
  she tended to ramble, her thoughts presented in a disorganized manner.  
He first noticed the discrepancy when he had been provided with a selection
  of case histories of trainees. After an initial consultation with the Director
  of the Facility, Clancy Yates, Ben had been given a brief description of several
  women who might be appropriate. Elise had been one of the prospects.  
Elise had stood out. What first caught his attention was her education, a
  degree in nursing and experience as a surgical assistant. He knew what that
  represented. She had the ability to stay cool under the incredible pressure
  an operating room could produce when something went wrong. Assisting in major
  surgery required both confidence in her own ability and an innate trust in
  the doctor's instructions, even if they appeared to contradict her training
  and experience.  
Once last time he thumbed through the copies of some of her essays. The instructors
  had graded them on content more than style. The stated goal had been to stress
  the attention to detail, to teach her to express herself no matter what the
  writing task given to her. He was as much interested in the organization as
  what she had actually written. He had been told the style wasn't especially
  important since it wasn't a composition class, but he believed the way she
  tried to go beyond the minimum, to make it interesting and entertaining, the
  way she chose particular words, all demonstrated her determination to do her
  best but stay within the parameters of her assignment.  
The director, Clancy Yates, had indeed done his homework too. The two women
  brought in with Elise had worn the standard Facility uniform, but Ben recognized
  the reason behind Elise's change the moment he saw her on the screen: tznius  ,
  the Hebrew word for modesty in dress, which he had casually mentioned to Clancy
  in their first meeting. He hadn't asked for it nor had he expected to see her
  dressed to suit his own preferences.  
Movement on the monitor caught his attention. He looked up to see her stretching
  her legs. He asked the camera operator to switch the angle from the ceiling
  corner to the camera hidden in the corridor wall outside her cell. She must
  be getting tired. And anxious too  , he thought as a smile
  crossed his face. He turned to the technician sitting behind him. "Could you
  arrange for her to be taken to the interview room in, hmm, say five minutes?"  
"Right away, Dr. Jaffe." The operator picked up his phone and dialed an intercom
  number. Ben turned back to the monitor screen. She didn't seem to be aware
  that she was on camera.  
The chains on her ankles, and the way her hands were restrained, only added
  to her attraction. At an instinctive level it affected Ben, stirring his desire
  not just to protect her but to own and control her as well. In a sense she
  was his for the asking. She had surrendered her right to refuse anyone the
  moment she agreed to come to the Facility. In turn the Facility had singled
  her out as, in their opinion, an excellent match to the type of woman he was
  seeking. If physical attraction was his only criteria it would take no more
  than a few words to claim her.  
Ben had some ethics though, moral principles he lived by that would not allow
  him to drag home an unwilling woman to be a sex slave. The Director's sarcastic
  comment from their first meeting came back to him as he watched Elise on the
  monitor. The purpose of the Facility wasn't to prove its critics accurate but
  to produce a unique type of woman, one who would proudly stand at his side
  in public but be just as comfortable kneeling in submission in the privacy
  of their home. He had to be certain Elise was that woman, and that she believed
  he must be the man who possessed her.  
On the monitor he saw her suddenly sit up straight, and then stand as the
  guards came to the door. Surprisingly Ben didn't feel nervous. He knew exactly
  how he would conduct the interview, and felt confident he would earn her respect.
  That was crucial for him. He knew he had to make a good first impression too,
  or she'd never truly accept him as her master. On the monitor she disappeared
  as the guards escorted her out of the waiting cell.  
The video operator switched cameras, following her in the hallway and stopping
  outside the interview room. There were no cameras in the room itself. The two
  of them would have complete privacy. A few moments later the phone buzzed.
  The surveillance operator picked it up, listened, and hung up. "Dr. Jaffe?
  Whenever you're ready, she's in room seven across the hall." Ben stood up,
  buttoned his jacket, took a deep breath, and thanked the camera operator. You
  make your own luck  , he told himself, so don't blame
  anyone else if this doesn't go well. It's no different than surgery; the scalpel
  is in your hand, no excuses.   
In the hallway he could see the guards leaving the interview room. The last
  one out turned to him after closing the door.  
"Dr. Jaffe? She is inside, waiting for you. As you requested she is facing
  the wall away from the door. Take as long as you like. When you are finished
  let me know. We'll be down there at the end of the hall." He pointed to a desk
  past the surveillance room door. "Oh yes, you might want these." He held out
  a set of small keys. "They are for her restraints."  
Ben took them and dropped the keys in his jacket pocket. He thanked the guards
  as they left him alone by the door. He reached for the doorknob but stopped. Let
  her wait. It will be interesting to see how it affects her  , he
  told himself. He took out his pocket watch and opened the cover. I'll
  give her two minutes. That should be plenty for her to imagine all kinds of
  disasters  .  
The waiting tried his own patience, but it did give him time to compose his
  thoughts and review one last time his plan for their meeting. He closed the
  cover on the watch and put it back in his pocket. Then he turned to the door
  and opened it.  
Inside her back was to the door, precisely as he had intended. She knew he
  was here, but couldn't see him. He entered the room, closed the door behind
  him, pulled out his chair and sat down. She hadn't moved. He nodded in approval.  
Finally he could see her in person instead of on camera. Nice looking
      legs  , he thought, they belong in chains  .
      He touched the keys. I could let her go if I felt like it  .
      He took the keys out and dropped them on the desk.  
Time to begin  . In a moment he would order her to turn
  around and face him.  
First Meeting   
She forgot to breathe when she heard the doorknob behind her. Elise desperately
  wanted to turn and look but resisted temptation. This first impression was
  critical. If she started it off with a show of blatant disobedience he might
  walk out the door and not even speak to her. What would happen after that she
  didn't want to think about.  
The office chair casters squeaked as he pulled it out from behind the desk.
  She heard him sit down and drop something on the desk. Then all she heard was
  silence. She waited for him to start but nothing happened. Was something wrong?
  What had she forgotten? Had he mistaken her for someone else? A thousand possibilities
  whirled around inside Elise's head.  
"Very good, you answered my first question correctly." He had a deep voice,
  with the flat accent of Midwest America. "Turn around and look at me. You will
  remain silent."  
Eagerly Elise turned and faced the man who would determine her immediate
  future. She didn't recognize him, just as well since she didn't want any contact
  with her past. He wore a business suit but no tie. He had a moustache and short
  beard with a few tinges of grey. By appearance she guessed he was a few years
  older than her. He sat in the office chair with arms folded, head cocked to
  one side, studying her intently. She met his gaze and their eyes locked. She
  couldn't look away. Underneath his non-threatening exterior she sensed a reserve
  of self confidence that made her knees weak. This was someone who was used
  to power, someone who could suggest softly with the same effect as a loudly
  shouted order.  
He stood up and approached her. He stopped close to her, reached out, and
  put his hands on her shoulders. "The first question, should you be here? Your
  answer was yes, because you did not turn around." He put one hand under her
  chin and lifted her face to his. "The next question, am I the right man for
  you, will take a little longer to answer." He let go of her and went back to
  his chair.  
"You are here at my request. The reason why is not important right now. I
  know quite a bit about you, not only the time spent at the Facility but also
  your life prior to that point. You know nothing about me. This meeting is to
  adjust the balance a bit more in your favor."  
He paused, gathering his thoughts. "Before I start, are you comfortable?
  Are your cuffs too tight? You may speak up at any time if you have a problem
  with them."  
A direct question, she had permission to respond. "No problems sir." She
  had been taught to answer with short, to the point responses when under orders
  to remain quiet.  
"Then we'll begin. You may speak freely, with no fear of punishment. Whatever
  you say will be between the two of us and no one else. However, I expect a
  respectful attitude and do not tolerate cursing. Clear?"  
"Yes, sir. May I ask questions too?" Elise knew she was taking a risk in
  asking, perhaps overstepping the privilege he had granted her.  
To her relief he took it well, at least he grinned as he answered. "You can
  pose your own questions after I'm done. For now I'll do the asking. If you
  don't understand something then yes, please ask." He held out one arm and made
  a slow spinning gesture. "Turn completely around, slowly."  
So he wanted her to display herself. That was something right out of the
  training classes, a request she expected and was prepared to meet. Elegance,
  grace and poise  , the words of Mrs. Yates came back as she made
  the first quarter turn clockwise, left to right. The challenge was to complete
  a smooth movement while both obeying his order and accentuating the qualities
  she wanted to portray for him. The long hours practicing in front of the mirror
  paid off as she drew his eyes to the shackles on her ankles, and from there
  to the feminine curve of her legs, while she glided through the routine.  
Facing him once again she saw only a blank expression but the movement of
  his eyes down and back up told her it had worked. She wasn't twenty anymore,
  but her legs were still in great shape, better than the rest, so that's what
  she wanted him to look at. She finished by widening her stance to the full
  extent of the chain, pulling it taut between her ankles. It was a subtle finish
  designed to remind him that he literally held the keys to her freedom.  
"You do that quite well, I'm impressed." He leaned forward in his chair. "Let
  me see it again." Elise could tell from the gleam in his eye that he enjoyed
  her little performance. Again she slowly turned around. When she finished she
  met his look and held his gaze for just a moment before lowering her eyes.  
Show him you are somebody, proud of your accomplishments, but don't
      challenge him, let him know you want him to be in charge  .
      Those were memorable words from her training. These past months in the
      Facility had given her the confidence to be a woman who knew exactly what
      she wanted, a woman who didn't hesitate to show the world who she was.  
Ben stood up, picked up the keys on the desk and opened her handcuffs. He
  removed the cuffs from her wrists and closed them again, but left the empty
  cuffs dangling from the belt around her waist. "Why don't you sit down?" He
  returned to his chair.  
She waited until he faced her before sitting down in the chair. With her
  hands free she was able to gather her skirt to prevent it riding up her legs.
  Once in the chair she straightened the hem below her knees while carefully
  keeping her legs together.  
Ben watched her, enjoying the graceful way she moved. Modest and reserved,
  even though at any moment he could command her to strip. That particular order
  wasn't part of his agenda today though. He wanted her to relax and not be too
  nervous to carry on a conversation. Removing the handcuffs and letting her
  sit down would help by bring a feeling of normalcy into the room. However,
  he did not remove the shackles around her ankles. It was no oversight; they
  would be a subtle reminder to her, and a pleasant picture for him. That was
  part of his plan, to maintain some level of control over her at all times.  
"First of all, I think I can clear up a mystery for you. When was your uniform
  switched?"  
"Last week, sir. I wasn't told why." And she still didn't know, but it looked
  like she was about to find out.  
"Let me fill in some background first. My heritage is Jewish. I'm neither
  Orthodox nor very observant, but I still try to respect Judaic tradition and
  the mitzvot  . Those are the Commandments, all 613 of
  them. And I do it by choice as much as faith." Ben paused for a moment.  
"I happened to mention to the Director that my ideal companion would be a
  woman who followed the practice of tznius  . That's a
  Hebrew word referring to modesty in a woman's dress and behavior. Among other
  things it dictates that a good woman must be covered below the collarbone,
  the sleeves of her blouse must cover her arms past the elbows at all times,
  and her skirt must cover her knees even if sitting down. Sound familiar?"  
That's what Mrs. Yates was doing when she made me sit down and
      reach up  . All the pieces of the puzzle fell into place for
      Elise. "Yes, sir, now I see. I thought I had done something wrong." And
      it explained why Mrs. Yates couldn't provide a reason. The women at the
      Facility were never told of interviews in advance. Rather than a punishment
      she had been trying to help.  
"It wasn't at my request," Ben continued. "It seems Mr. Yates, he's the Director,
  took it upon himself to stack the deck ahead of time. By the way, whoever picked
  out your uniform did get it right. I find it quite attractive."  
She could tell by his appreciative stare his words were not an empty compliment. "Thank
  you, sir." She brushed a non-existent bit of lint off her skirt to hide her
  nervousness. "If I may, I'd like to add I like the look too." And
  I owe you one, Mrs. Yates.   
For the next two hours Ben did almost all the talking. He started with the
  early days in Indiana, med school and military service in Israel, and his move
  to the Island after retiring early from the Defense Forces. He let Elise ask
  questions, but kept the focus on himself.  
So far the interview had progressed as Ben had intended. To an outsider he
  would probably come across as egotistical, deliberately keeping the subject
  to his life only. But he knew she was at a significant disadvantage. He was
  thoroughly acquainted with not only her past but her training regime at the
  Facility, while she knew nothing about him. From the questions she asked his
  strategy seemed to be working. She was genuinely interested in what he had
  to say.  
By the end of the first two hour phase her questions were changing from polite
  and generic to a tone of familiarity but with pointed probes into specifics
  he had glossed over. She picks it up fast,   he realized .
  Clancy warned me a woman like her would spot the gaps immediately; seems he
  was right.  Ben decided it was time for a break.  
Done Deal   
Luisa stared at the piece of paper on the counter. The pen was still in her
  hand, resting on the line where she had added her signature underneath Kurt's. I
  signed it  , she told herself, I really did it  .
  She carefully put down the pen and slid the agreement toward the clerk.  
Kurt put a reassuring arm around her waist. She looked up at him as she leaned
  into his embrace. Out of the corner of her eye she could see his other hand
  resting on the box on the counter. She knew what was in it; he'd shown it to
  her that fateful day in his office.  
That day she would never forget. Her world had turned upside down when Kurt
  forced her to confront her own feelings, for him and for what the Island represented,
  for what the object in that box meant to her. Now here she was, signing away
  her life for the next year to a man she hadn't even known before arriving on
  the Island.  
The records clerk finished whatever she had been saying and handed Kurt a
  laminated card with a picture on it. Luisa wasn't listening. What
  happened to me  , she wondered, how did I wind up falling
  in love with a man I should despise?  Kurt held up the card so she
  could read it. Her travel card, with her picture and her real name printed
  on it. He had insisted she drop the pretense of the undercover reporter and
  use her actual name from now on. He dropped the card in his shirt pocket.  
Will he ever let me use it  , she wondered? That card
  represented about as much freedom as she could hope for, but only if he chose
  to allow it. For the next year she would have to depend on Kurt to give her
  permission to leave their apartment. Without that card she couldn't even walk
  out the front door on her own.  
The woman on the other side of the counter was telling Kurt about bank cards. I
      can't even use money now, how am I ever going to adjust to that?   But
      she had already made the change. She hadn't touched a coin or a bill since
      she got off the ship. The cash she had with her had been taken away as
      soon as she walked into the company building. All credited to her account,
      or so they had explained, along with her wages every week. The money still
      belonged to her but she couldn't touch it without Kurt's permission. Luisa
      knew it should have bothered her but she didn't worry about it. He'd figure
      out what was best and tell her what to do with her funds.  
Kurt was thanking the clerk. Luisa came back to the present and added a few
  words of gratitude. She had to be polite, anything else would reflect badly
  on Kurt. My master  , the words rolled around in her head.  
"One last detail," Kurt told her. "Turn around, and hold your hair away from
  your neck."  
Using both hands Luisa gathered up her hair and held it to one side. Quite
  a bit longer than when she had arrived on the Island, but she didn't have much
  choice about hair style these days. The company had minimum length requirements
  and didn't allow her to keep it short. Now it was up to Kurt, but she doubted
  he'd let her go back to short hair.  
She knew what was coming next. She heard him open the box. Would
      it fit?  Of course it would, Kurt didn't make mistakes like
      that. Then she felt the first touch of the metal band as he closed it around
      her throat. Cool, not cold, and not too tight; it didn't make her choke.
      She had expected it to be much heavier.  
There was a mechanical click as Kurt closed it. He did something to the latch
  in the back. That's it, a done deal, I can't go back now.  She
  closed her eyes, savoring the moment. The whole world knows I belong
  to him  .  
"I'm finished. Let go of your hair." She opened her eyes and turned to Kurt.
  So typical of him, a simple announcement, no emotion, he showed about as much
  excitement as if he'd just brought in the mail. The look in his eyes told Luisa
  a different story though. That intense stare from his blue eyes was worth more
  than any amount of words. She knew what it meant. He has what he
  wants, what he's wanted from the day we met  .  
"You belong to me." He leaned down to kiss her. Her arms went around his
  neck.  
Kissing me in public, am I finally getting through that emotionless
      rock?  Maybe she did have a chance to show everyone he was human
      after all. The cheers and clapping from the staff at the Records office
      brought an abrupt end to his display of affection. Oh well, but
      it was a small crack  .  
"I think it's time we went home." He took hold of her hand and actually smiled.  
"Yes, master."  
Interview's End   
Ben studied Elise, reviewing in his head the events of the day. She sat quietly,
  waiting for him to continue. In his estimation she had done well, as he had
  expected. She was attentive and obedient, but didn't act like a robot. Once
  she had relaxed and gotten over the anxiety of the first moments she had proven
  to be articulate and charming. Every one of his questions, some embarrassingly
  intimate, she had answered to his satisfaction. Her own hesitant inquiries
  were cleverly designed to draw him out without portraying herself as demanding
  or presumptuous. The specific test he wanted to see, how she would react in
  his presence, how well they got along together, convinced him his first impressions
  were accurate. It was time to conclude.  
He picked up the phone and dialed the extension written on a slip of paper
  taped to the desk. "Hello? Would you be so good as to join us?" She didn't
  know it but the extension went to the Facility Director. He would know who
  had called and what was about to happen.  
"Please stand up, Elise. I must ask you to remain silent for the next few
  moments." She rose to stand next to him, puzzled as to what was happening. "Don't
  be concerned," he told her. "You did well today."  
At that moment there was a discrete knock. Ben went to open the door.  
Elise's eyes went wide as the Director, Clancy Yates, came in. He had been
  the one who had sentenced her to that miserable night in the punishment cells.
  He exercised the ultimate and essentially unlimited authority over her and
  the rest of the trainees. She had never spoken to him directly. The Director
  came into the room and offered his hand to Ben. "I trust everything has been
  to your satisfaction?" He had a box tucked under one arm. When he looked at
  Elise she did her best not to tremble.  
Ben shook his hand and answered, "I'd like to thank you for arranging this
  meeting. Everything has been just as I expected. However, I won't be needing
  your services in the future."  
Elise was near to panic when she heard his last words. She wanted to run
  out of the room and hide. He wasn't coming back. He didn't want her; she hadn't
  been sufficiently pleasing to him. It must have been her questions; she should
  have been more circumspect and not pried so much.  
The Director continued, "Glad to hear that, Dr. Jaffe. My best wishes to
  you in the coming years."  
Now Elise was more puzzled than panicked. Why wasn't the Director angry?
  She expected to see him glaring at her in disgust instead of a beaming smile
  of satisfaction. Not only had she failed but she had driven away what must
  be a valued client.  
Confused and lost in thought Elise didn't notice at first when Ben turned
  to her. Only when he reminded her where she was with a simple "Elise?" did
  she come back to the men in the room.  
She looked as Ben. "Yes, sir?" she answered in a bewildered tone.  
He held out his hand to her. "Are you ready to go home now?"  
Home  ? She couldn't concentrate. What did
      he mean? Was he taking her back to the Facility?  That didn't
      make any sense. The guards would do that. His home? Was he asking
      her to come home with him? Or was he telling her to come home with him?  She
      stared at his outstretched hand. When her own hand found its way into his
      she was more surprised than Ben.  
She looked up, meeting his eyes. She saw that he hadn't asked her a question.
  He had chosen her. I belong to this man now  , she realized.
  Both men were looking at her expectantly, waiting for her to answer. But the
  question was not what he had asked, not really. When the "yes, sir" came out,
  in a voice so low she could hardly hear it herself, she knew the answer had
  been her agreement to accept him as her master.  
"There is one detail before the two of you leave. Dr. Jaffe, I believe you'll
  need this. We wouldn't want our Elise to go out in public improperly attired." Clancy
  handed Ben the box under his arm.  
Elise felt like she had just walked off a cliff. This morning she had woken
  up in her bed at the Facility, looking forward to a quiet Saturday afternoon
  after room inspection. She had fallen into a routine at the Facility, one where
  the idea of finding the man who would be her master was an abstract that might
  never happen, but was far in the future if it did come to pass. A few hours
  later he was holding her hand. Events were moving too swiftly for her to comprehend
  what was happening.  
Ben let go of her hand so he could take the package from the Director. When
  he opened it and took out the object inside she didn't even realize what it
  was at first. Elise was so wrapped up in the enormity of the changes in her
  life it took Ben two tries to get her attention. She missed her name the first
  time but came back to the room the second time he spoke her name.  
"Sir? I'm sorry, I&hellip; I'm a little overwhelmed."  
Ben smiled and squeezed her hand. "That's understandable. But I need your
  attention for a moment." He held up his other hand. "This is for you."  
In Ben's hand was a polished metal band, slightly oval in shape. Elise finally
  realized what the Director had given him. It's a collar  ,
  she thought. She didn't make the obvious connection that it was for her.  
Ben did something to open it and turned to her. "Face me, hands at your side.
  Look at me."  
His eyes locked with hers as he slid the collar around her neck. His hands,
  behind her head, fastened the lock but none of it registered with Elise. She
  was absorbed with his eyes, the way they seemed to peer deep into her soul.  
"There is some paperwork, Dr. Jaffe." Clancy put two sheets of paper on the
  desk. "The first is your agreement with Elise. We'll register it with the Records
  Office. The second is her transfer from the Facility to you. That's for our
  records only." Ben looked over both documents and signed them. "That's it.
  Elise? All of us wish the very best for you. Remember what you've learned,
  do your best, and take care of Ben. He's the top doctor on the Island; we can't
  afford to lose him."  
The walk from the interview room to the driveway outside the building was
  a blur. She didn't react until Ben opened the rear door of the waiting car
  for her. Still in shock at what had just happened she didn't get in until he
  told her to sit down. He closed her door and went around to the other side.
  When he got in he patted the seat next to him. "I want you to sit close to
  me."  
Elise scooted across the bench seat to be next to him. She looked down at
  her lap, nervous and uncertain as to what she should do next. He answered that
  by taking first her left then her right wrist and closing the handcuffs around
  them. She had forgotten all about the restraint belt and cuffs, and even the
  chains on her ankles.  
He put his hand under her chin and turned her to face him. "Listen carefully,
  this is what I want you to do." He let go of her chin and put an arm across
  her shoulders, on the seat behind her. "Lean your head on my shoulder and close
  your eyes. I want you to sit quietly and listen while I talk on the way home.
  Okay?"  
"Yes, sir." She was exhausted, drained emotionally from the constant tension
  of the interview. His shoulder felt good, as did his arm around her. She was
  even grateful he had restrained her. In some odd way the chains helped her
  to relax. As he had ordered she closed her eyes and listened. He talked while
  the driver took them somewhere, his home she assumed. What he said on the way
  she had no idea. By the time they got off the ferry on the main island the
  low deep tone of his voice had lulled her into a drifting sleep.  
"Wake up, sleepy." He gently shook her shoulder. "We're home."  
For a moment Elise was disoriented. She wasn't at the Facility. Then the
  day came back in a rush. She wouldn't be staying in her room any more. She
  had a new home now, with the man sitting next to her.  
He was her master, for as long as he wanted her. And she had fallen asleep
  while he had been talking. Afraid of what he might think she stammered out
  an apology. "Oh sir, I dozed off. Please forgive me, but I didn't hear what
  you said." She studied his expression, anxious to determine if he was angry
  or disappointed. Mentally she kicked herself. Within minutes of acquiring a
  master she had fallen asleep, ignoring him. Mrs. Yates would have chewed her
  out for hours.  
"Shush," he told her, holding a finger to her lips. "You didn't miss anything.
  I could tell you were tired after being grilled all day long. I wanted you
  to take a little nap on the way here." He opened the car door on his side.
  Before he got out he put a hand gently on her arm and told her, "You stay right
  there."  
He got out and went around to her side. Before he opened the door the driver
  handed a package to him through the driver's side window. He tucked it under
  one arm. Elise wondered what it could be.  
She didn't have much choice except to wait for him to open her door. With
  her hands bound close to her waist she couldn't reach the door handle. She
  looked up at him out of her window as he said a few words to the driver before
  opening her door.  
The Facility had promised her a new life, though not without some catches.
  She had to trust their judgment, good or bad. From what she had seen so far
  this Ben Jaffe seemed to be different than any man she had met before. He didn't
  hesitate in telling her what he wanted. She liked that. Thinking back she realized
  at every critical moment during the day he had quietly yet emphatically told
  her what to do; stand, sit, wait, she never once had to guess at what he expected
  of her.  
She couldn't make out what he was saying to the driver as the rear compartment
  of the car was separated from the driver's seat by a partition. Undoubtedly
  he was thanking the driver for taking them home. She was struck by how polite
  he was, even to her. That had been her problem in the past, men who treated
  her as nothing more than a piece of furniture. She hoped her new master wasn't
  like that.  
He opened her door. Elise looked at him expectantly, waiting for his next
  instruction. She would need his help to get out of the car, at least with her
  dignity intact. He must have sensed her uncertainty as he spoke. "Now Elise,
  I want you to slide over to the edge of the seat first." That wasn't difficult
  for her. "To get out of the car you turn to your side, put your legs out first,
  and then lean forward. I'll make sure you don't bump your head." She followed
  his orders, but remembered her training as she kept her legs together while
  placing her feet on the driveway outside. He put a hand behind her head and
  took hold of her arm to help her stand up.  
As he helped her out of the car it never occurred to Ben he could have simply
  released her hands first. The ride home with her asleep next to him had triggered
  something inside. He wanted to protect and shelter her, but he didn't want
  to let her go either. Ben knew it was a contradiction but he didn't care. He
  was determined to see that she had a good life with him, but it would be on
  his terms. At the moment those terms included her being attractively vulnerable
  and helpless.  Besides  , he rationalized, she
  doesn't seem to mind the inconvenience  .  
Holding onto her arm he led her toward the front door. Behind them the car
  from the Facility pulled out of the driveway and drove off. Ben had intended
  to drive himself, but now he understood why the Facility insisted on picking
  him up and taking him home. They had no way of knowing he would decide on the
  spot she was the one for him, but the Facility seemed to be talented at anticipating
  events.  
They stopped at the front door. He let go of her arm to get out his door
  key. "Elise, this is your home too. I know it's all new to you, but I want
  you to get used to living here. Do not refer to this place as my home, but
  our home. I insist on it. Understand?"  
"Yes sir. Thank you for taking me to our home." She smiled at him. The phrase
  seemed odd even as she said it. My home, our home. He's right though,
  this is my home now.  She watched as he held the door open for her.
  The pressure of his hand on her back told her she was to enter first. She walked
  into the foyer.  
It didn't look to be a large house, but it was clean. The decoration was
  sparse: the walls bare, plain carpet and only a few items of furniture. Her
  immediate impression was that it lacked warmth. Instead of a home it felt more
  like a hotel suite. When she felt comfortable, she'd bring up the idea of some
  changes.  
Standing quietly out of his way she waited for him to close the door and
  put down the package he was carrying. Idly she took hold of the cuff on her
  left wrist with her right hand and moved it back and forth. She knew it had
  to be significant that he had not released her before she got out of the car. I'm
  learning about him already  , she thought. He likes physical
  control; I'll have to remember that  .  
During the early lessons at the Facility the same subject, control and bondage,
  had been discussed. Elise had been concerned that she wouldn't be able to handle
  it, but as it turned out it was very easy for her. Being confined, or bound,
  had a calming effect on her, almost like meditation. There was a certain flavor
  of fatalism when she was helpless. Whatever happened was beyond her ability
  to influence, which gave her a sense of freedom to open up and enjoy the moment
  without the nagging fear of failure.  
Ben dropped the package on the entryway table and turned to the new addition
  in his life. He didn't see any signs of distress or upset. No doubt she wasn't
  too impressed with his interior decorating skills. He wasn't either. That was
  one task he would gladly turn over to her. He had intentionally done as little
  as possible, knowing that once she made some changes it would become her home
  in a tangible way.  
Though he was tempted to leave the chains on her it was time for more important
  items. These first few hours together would be crucial, so he had to be pragmatic
  about indulging himself. He watched her as she stood calmly waiting for him.
  In one sense she had it easy. He hadn't planned this evening as carefully as
  the interview because he hadn't expected to bring her home. He needed a little
  time to plan out the next steps. The best way to do that was a short tour of
  the house.  
First he had to free her from the confines of the handcuffs and shackles.
  This would be a good time for him to establish a set way, something that would
  develop into a habit. It took only a moment for an idea to come into his head.  
"Elise, I'm going to remove your chains. I want you to pay attention, because
  this is how we will do it from now on. First, I want you to turn and face that
  wall." He pointed behind her. She turned around, but looked over her shoulder
  to see what he wanted next.  
"Good, next I want you stand right here." He placed his hands on her shoulders
  and moved her a few inches to one side. "Remember this spot. Now, when you
  are wearing shackles on your ankles I want you to stand with your legs apart,
  so the chain doesn't drag on the floor." Elise widened her stance, but the
  short connecting chain didn't allow for much movement.  
"That's right. Exactly what I want. Don't move." He took out the keys to
  the restraints and knelt down. He unlocked the cuffs on her ankles and removed
  them before he stood up again. "Now I want you to face me." She complied, chancing
  a glimpse of his face as she turned. He unlocked her handcuffs and removed
  them from the retaining ring on the belt around her waist. "Hands at your side,
  face the wall again. We're almost done." She let her arms hang loosely at her
  side as she turned to the wall again. She felt him unbuckle the waist belt
  and take it off. She hadn't realized it was so tight until it was gone. He
  opened the hall closet door and placed the belt and set of chains inside on
  hooks.  
For Elise it was a relief to be able to move freely again. Her shoulders
  were stiff from inactivity. He must have read her mind because his large hands
  were massaging the sore muscles in her shoulders. "I'm a doctor, remember?
  I know enough about physiology to figure out where the aches are."  
"Yes, sir, it does feel good." And it did, though she would rather be massaging
  his back.  
"We'll take a quick walk through the house so you know where everything is,
  then we'll sit down and talk for a while. Is there anything you need first?
  Or anything I should know?"  
She took a moment to consider his question. If they were going to talk later
  he must be referring to something immediate. "No sir, I'm fine. I'd like to
  see where we will be living." The we  still sounded awkward,
  but she would get used to thinking in those terms.  
"Alright, we'll start with the kitchen, through there. Oh, one more thing." She
  stopped and turned back to him. "When we are alone you are not permitted to
  wear shoes in the house. Take yours off now and place them in the hall closet.
  The right side is for your things."  
She hadn't expected that but it was an order. She reached down and slipped
  off her shoes. Opening the closet door she saw a place for them on the right
  side. On the left hung the restraint belt and leg chains and handcuffs dangled
  from pegs in the wall. She placed her shoes neatly on the lowest shelf and
  closed the door. "Sir? May I ask a question?"  
He nodded. "Sure, Elise, unless I specifically tell you to remain silent
  you may speak up at any time."  
"Yes, sir. You said, when we are alone. Does that mean your rule does not
  apply if we have guests?"  
"That's right. If we have visitors or we're entertaining, I expect you to
  be properly dressed. We'll go over all that in more detail later. Okay, ready
  to see your new place?" He held out his hand.  
Shyly she took it, marveling at how his large hand seemed to engulf her own
  small one. He led her through each room in the house, pointing out where things
  were located. The last room was the master bedroom. There was a small bathroom
  to one side, and a walk in closet for their clothes. She entered with a slight
  sense of unease. The source of that unease was the large king size bed. A bed
  she would be sharing with her new master.  
Ben noticed her mood change immediately. He put an arm around her and pulled
  her close. "Don't worry," he whispered in her ear. They went back out to the
  living room.  
 
  Sitting on the couch he took her hands in his own. "I'm going to start by giving
  you some idea of what I see for us. If you have a question, or you don't understand,
  or even if you want to add something, go ahead and interrupt.   
"I want the best for you, Elise. It's important to me that you are happy
  here. I know about the Facility and what was promised to you. I intend to fulfill
  those promises. Not because I have to, but because I want to.  
"I intend for us to be together for a very long time. For that to happen
  I need your cooperation. You must work with me Elise. Tell me what is in your
  mind. Help me to understand your feelings. I promise you I'll try my best to
  do the same for you."  
"I'll try, sir. I'm sorry, but this is all so new. I don't know what to say&hellip;" She
  felt lost, unsure what he wanted.  
"I know you will." Ben held her hands in his. "I want you to stay at home
  the next few days, give you some time to make the transition from Facility
  life. We'll go out together until you feel comfortable getting around the neighborhood.
  When you're ready I'll allow you to go out on your own. For now I'll keep your
  travel card."  
"Yes, sir." Without that card her world shrank to the house and yard. His
  restrictions did sound reasonable. She'd be lost a block from the house, and
  a little time to mentally shift gears from Facility routine to focusing on
  Ben was a good idea. She studied his face, looking for any clues to what he
  was thinking.  
"Once you've adjusted, and you find your way around town, I'll leave your
  card here at home, so you can go out during the day. I will expect you to tell
  me in advance where you will be going and when you get back. You are not allowed
  to leave the house before 9 in the morning, and you have to be back by 4 in
  the afternoon. Also, you may not leave the house without my permission when
  I'm home. Is that clear?"  
"Yes, sir, I don't see any problems. What if there's an emergency?" It was
  an odd feeling for Elise, listening carefully to the man who was now her master
  and owner, as he put restrictions on what she could do. She'd have to write
  them down later, so she wouldn't forget anything.  
"I trust you, Elise. Use your own judgment if something unexpected happens.
  If you have to break a rule, tell me why and we'll discuss it. I'm serious
  about the time though. I want to know where you are, day or night, even if
  I'm at work."  
She could see from his expression the curfew was important. She would have
  to be very careful about scheduling her time. That was another clue to his
  personality; he was a stickler for being punctual. "Yes, sir, I'll remember
  the times." Did he have a basement room like the one they had learned to dread
  at the Facility? Something in his eyes told her not to expect leniency if she
  misbehaved.  
"Good. Now, when you've settled in we'll talk about how you will spend your
  days. For starters, I want you to think about doing something with the house.
  Make a list of ideas, things you'd life to do, then we'll go over it. And Elise?
  Don't worry about upsetting me. I'm not the temperamental type. I can promise
  you, the only thing that makes me mad is deliberate disobedience. Remember
  that and we won't have any problems." 
Company Picnic   
Kurt picked up the car keys on the dresser. In the mirror he could see Luisa
  standing behind him, ready to go. This afternoon was the annual company picnic
  for employees, their families, and guests. He had volunteered to help with
  serving the food, along with Luisa. She was watching his every move, as he
  expected. Casually he opened his top drawer, took out the handcuffs and slipped
  them into his back pocket. She didn't say a word.  
He would have been surprised if she had spoken up, since he had told her
  to stand in her spot quietly. He felt no need to offer an explanation either.
  She knew from experience exactly how the cuffs worked. And she understood he
  would use them at his discretion, regardless of her opinion. Now that she belonged
  to him there were a great many things she understood that hadn't been clear
  before.  
He turned around to examine his prize. Would he ever tire of seeing her like
  that, facing him, waiting attentively for his next command, so eager to please
  him, all underlined by the collar encircling her neck? The band that bore his
  name engraved on the front, proclaiming to anyone who cared to look that she
  was his property. She had on a sun dress in a bright floral pattern, something
  she'd picked out yesterday when he had taken her shopping.  
The trip to the mall had brought its own enjoyment. Without offering a reason
  he'd taken her to the clothing store, pointed to a rack and informed her that
  she would be helping at the picnic, so she should find something appropriate.
  He had told her to take her time and made his way to a corner chair where he
  sat, reading the paper.  
The first two selections he vetoed out of hand, the first because he didn't
  like the style, the second for no other reason than he could. Her relief when
  he allowed her to set aside the third dress was so obvious he had to hide a
  smile while she went back to search for more. From the corner of his eye he
  could see hurried and hushed conversations with the store clerk. She picked
  two more; he rejected one because of the color and told her to try on the remaining
  two, so he could see her in each one. At a loss to decide which one looked
  better he bought both of them for her.  
"Ready to go?" Kurt asked. It was a redundant question. The clock showed
  five minutes past ten in the morning. He had told Luisa to be ready by ten.
  She also knew he valued punctuality.  
"Yes, sir," was her only answer, all she was allowed when ordered to silence.  
She was so tempting. If not for the picnic she wouldn't be going any further
  than their bed, and she wouldn't be traveling in the new dress either. But
  he'd promised to help, and he took obligations seriously. That didn't mean
  he couldn't take an extra minute to think about possibilities for later that
  evening.  
Luisa wasn't used to being stared at, but she knew what he expected from
  her. It was important that she not be self-conscious, that instead she should
  think of herself as a sculpture, a work of art, and the intent look was his
  way of appreciating the aesthetics. There was a time she would have been horrified
  at the idea of being objectified; now she was learning about the feelings of
  pride and accomplishment that came with being able to please her master even
  if doing no more than standing in front of him.  
They left the apartment and took the elevator down to the garage in the basement.
  The annual picnic was a very informal affair, where the company took over a
  section of the park downtown and provided the food and drink for the afternoon.
  The intention was to have the employees get to know each other better in a
  relaxed setting. Kurt had been to a few of them but didn't socialize much.
  This time would be different.  
Luisa stopped just before the front passenger door. She waited until he opened
  her door before she got in. When she got his nod of permission she fastened
  her seat belt. He closed her door and went around to the driver's side.  
Today Kurt would be manning the grill for an hour, cooking hot dogs, hamburgers
  and shish kabob. He had volunteered Luisa to help in the serving line, dishing
  out potato salad.  
When they arrived at the park the tables were already set up. The official
  start time was about an hour away but quite a few people had already showed
  up to find spots in the shade. Kurt found Mrs. Dornier and the other dorm supervisors
  organizing the women from the apprentice training program into teams for different
  tables.  
When Mrs. Dornier saw Kurt and Luisa she turned over her clip board to an
  assistant. "Mr. Goeren! I'm glad you made it. It looks like we may have a problem
  on the grills. If we're shorthanded, would you mind if we imposed on you for
  an extra half hour?"  
"I don't think that will be a problem," Kurt answered. "Where will Luisa
  be needed?"  
"Right behind you, on table three, any time you are ready. If that's all
  right with you, Mr. Goeren?"  
Kurt looked back over his shoulder. The table behind him had large covered
  pans with potato salad, corn on the cob and a vegetable casserole. One young
  woman in company uniform stood behind the table. She looked anxious and confused,
  obviously worried that she would be handling the table by herself.  
"Luisa, you will help at that table until I'm finished at the grill." He
  turned back to Mrs. Dornier. "And which grill will be mine?"  
"The red one on the end, sir." She pointed to the line of grills. "There's
  an apron and utensils underneath. You'll be our second hamburger cook. I'm
  afraid you'll be rather busy once the serving starts. If you like I can show
  you the arrangements right now.  
"Robin can show Luisa the serving arrangements for the table, Mr. Goeren."  
Kurt nodded. "Good, I'll join you at the grill in one moment. Luisa? Come
  with me." He took her hand and walked her over to the serving table.  
"If there are any problems you will come get me immediately, or wave to get
  my attention. If you need to leave the table be sure to come to me first, so
  I'll know where you are. You have permission to socialize. I'll let you know
  when we're done. Is that clear?"  
Luisa turned to look at the line of cooking grills. She'd easily be able
  to see him, and he wouldn't be far away. Then she remembered one big problem. "Sir?
  I don't have a travel card. Is it okay for me to be at the table here by myself?" She
  kept her voice low so no one else would hear the question, in case Kurt had
  forgotten to give her the card.  
"You don't need the card as long as you are with the party. Just be sure
  not to go beyond the marked off area." He paused for a moment before he let
  slip one of his rare grins. "I'm delighted you remembered to ask though. I
  forgot all about it. Now don't you forget to have fun. Be polite, say hello
  to everyone. We'll eat as soon as I get a break." He gave her hand a squeeze
  before heading off to his cooking duties.  
Luisa had not expected to be the center of attention but the moment she took
  her place behind the table she was mobbed by the women still in the company
  program. They all wanted to congratulate her, and in a not so subtle way find
  out how her new life with a real master was working out. It wasn't until Mrs.
  Dornier finished with Kurt and came back that everyone immediately scattered
  back to their own tables.  
"You've been the main topic of conversation in the dorm," Mrs. Dornier explained
  to Luisa. "Everyone was surprised, and Kurt Goeren at that. No one is quite
  sure it they should envy you or feel sorry for you. Your master does have a
  reputation for being," she hesitated, trying to find a tactful phrase, "somewhat
  difficult as a supervisor."  
"He does expect a lot," Luisa had to concede. Apparently Kurt's cold, perfectionist
  attitude was known all over the company. "But he's not unreasonable about it.
  He's strict, but he makes sure I know the rules first. And he never asks for
  more than I'm capable of."  
Luisa didn't add that he rarely demanded less than all she could give either.
  So far she'd delivered on everything he wanted, and that was a source of pride
  for her. Praise from Kurt did not come easily so when she did hear it she knew
  it was earned, not empty words.  
"We'll start serving in a few minutes," Mrs. Dornier said. She looked to
  the young woman behind Luisa. "Now Robin, remember to be polite, greet everyone,
  and don't act like this is a cattle feed lot. Watch how Luisa does it. And
  Luisa? Thanks for helping." She headed for the next table.  
"And don't fidget," Luisa whispered, too low for Mrs. Dornier to hear. Robin
  heard it though, and tried to stifle a giggle.  
"You too? She's on me all the time. It seems like every day she tells me
  to sit up straight." Robin began peeling back the foil cover over one of the
  pans of corn. "We're supposed to open one at a time, so the food stays warm."  
Luisa picked up one of the aprons under the table, unfolded it, put it on
  and tied the strings behind her back. "Okay then, I'll dish out the potato
  salad and casserole, and you do the ears of corn." She picked up a large serving
  spoon as people began to line up with paper plates in hand.  
Kurt looked over his shoulder to see how Luisa was doing. The charcoal in
  his grill needed a few more minutes before he could begin cooking. He opened
  the top Styrofoam cooler to check on the meat. It was full of hamburger patties,
  each one separated by a slip of paper. He didn't consider himself to be an
  expert cook but this particular job didn't look to be too difficult. Luisa
  was talking to her helper. Every so often she would emphasize some point by
  brandishing her serving spoon in the air.  
He nudged the leg of the grill to turn it sideways. Moving around to the
  new position he could see Luisa's table out of the corner of his eye. It was
  a small change that wouldn't inconvenience anyone who came by for a hamburger,
  and now he had a clear view of her at all times. When she looked back at him
  he waved the spatula in the air.  
Kurt never tired of watching her, be it at work or at home. He told himself
  that it was all part of his obligation to take care of her, but he knew there
  was more to it. I own her  , he thought as he tossed the
  first hamburger patties on the grill. He was well aware of a possessive streak
  in his personality. He knew about his reputation as a perfectionist too. Both
  were factors in how he controlled Luisa. He had no intention of changing or
  moderating his personal standards, especially for the woman who now had no
  choice but to meet his expectations.  
Mrs. Dornier's voice boomed out over the loudspeakers, announcing that the
  serving tables were open. Kurt flipped over the patties on the grill so they'd
  cook evenly. A quick check on Luisa showed she was already busy. He took a
  moment to study how well she interacted with the people in line. She appeared
  to be animated, talking to everyone while dishing out the casserole to those
  who held up their plates.  
When Kurt turned back to his grill there was a smile of satisfaction on his
  face. In spite of the criticism about his seemingly rigid and uncompromising
  way of doing things, and the subtle suggestions from friends to lighten up,
  he knew he was right in the way he closely controlled her.  
In other times she would have been some kind of zealot, a wild eyed bomb-throwing
  radical or gun-toting revolutionary following a charismatic and persuasive
  leader. Once she latched onto an idea she spent every moment focused on it,
  dedicating herself to nothing else. Her arrival on the Island was a direct
  result of that obsessive drive.  
Luisa wasn't stupid or blind to what she saw though. Like the same radical
  who discovers the leader has betrayed the movement and lost the trust of the
  faithful, she had been disillusioned when her preconceptions built on the one-sided
  presentations in her university classes didn't meet the test of reality. Her
  reaction had been obvious, at least to Kurt. She now embraced Island life with
  all the passion that had once motivated her to attempt to destroy it.  
Maybe I did take advantage of the situation, but I don't care.  Kurt
  didn't think of himself as ruthless or heartless. He would never let her come
  to harm. And there was always the alternative looming over her, a future in
  which he was sure she would not thrive. As long as she was a threat to their
  society she would be monitored by people less sympathetic to her welfare. Luisa
  may not have any idea of what went on behind the scenes, but Kurt did know
  he was her only chance for a happy and productive life on the Island. It was
  up to him to prove she was no longer a danger.  
"Make it a double Kurt, I'm hungry today." Preoccupied with Luisa Kurt, hadn't
  noticed it was John Leeds standing in front of him.  
"How do you like your burgers? Rare, medium, or charcoal? Want melted cheese
  too?"  
"Well done, but edible, no cheese this time. Got anything in that category?" John
  held out his plate, bun open.  
Kurt slid the spatula under two patties in the center, where they would cook
  faster. He picked them up and deposited each one on one of the bun faces.  
"That should do it. I see there's a good strong mustard over at the condiment
  table. I hope you aren't going to ruin one of my masterpieces with ketchup?" Kurt
  took two more patties from the cooler and put them on the grill.  
"Not a chance. I'm not one of those barbarians, but I better warn you Mark
  Sturgis is on his way. You know those Americans, they like everything covered
  in red goo, hamburgers, steak, eggs, coffee, ice cream&hellip;"  
Kurt nodded, "As the Russians say, ne kulturny  , no
  culture. A tragedy to waste fine beef in such a way."  
John put a tomato on one side of the burger before folding it into a sandwich. "I
  see you brought your assistant, what's her name, Lisa?" He gestured toward
  Luisa.  
"Luisa, it's Brazilian, though she's from New York. I thought the picnic
  would be an excellent place for her to meet other people in the company, since
  she'll be working on the pipeline project full time." Kurt took the opportunity
  to check on her.  
"I met her briefly on the ship. We were both heading for the Island from
  the Seychelles. Very attractive, and a hard worker judging by what I've seen
  of the pipeline proposal you two put together. You've done well, Kurt."  
"She is all I could ask for and more." There was a glint in Kurt's eyes when
  he spoke. "I am most fortunate to have met her."  
"Listen, when you finish, grab Luisa, get some food and come sit with us.
  We have a table over there under the trees." He pointed to several tables in
  the shade of a clump of tall trees. Anna stood up and waved back. Mark and
  Cathy were also sitting at the table.  
"Thanks for the invitation, John, we'll be sure to come by. Duty first," Kurt
  patted the Styrofoam cooler behind him, "I have to meet my quota."  
John turned back to the line forming behind him. "That shouldn't take you
  too long."  
It was not going so well for Luisa. The line was getting longer, because
  Robin was spending too much time talking to her friends while serving up the
  corn. She recognized two of the engineers patiently standing in line. John
  Leeds and Mark Sturgis, they had done the fact checking on the technical design.
  It wasn't right to make them wait.  
Meanwhile Robin was chatting away, oblivious to what was happening. Irritated,
  she snatched the tongs out of Robin's hand, grabbed her arm and pulled her
  away from the table. "Listen to me," Luisa whispered, trying to keep her voice
  down. "You pay more attention to your job and less to your friends." She handed
  back the tongs. "Now get back there and do it right. You keep one more of the
  guests waiting and I'll see to it that Mrs. Dornier knows exactly what happened.
  Am I clear?"  
A shaken Robin was the model of efficiency for the next hour. Even so it
  still bothered Luisa. She knows what's expected,   Luisa
  told herself . This is the Island, after all. I shouldn't have to
  be the one to remind her. She's never going to find a master with a lazy attitude
  like that.  Still, Robin had done well after the reminder. She decided
  not to mention it to Mrs. Dornier.  
Inattention   
It looked like a quiet evening. Cathy glanced over at Mark, sitting on the
  couch going through the satellite TV channel guide. He must be looking
  for a movie  , she guessed based on the program listings screen
  display. It didn't look like there was anything worth watching. She decided
  her book was more interesting and picked it up. A few pages later she heard
  Mark talking.  
"This looks like a good movie, come over here and sit with me. It's about
  to start."  
Cathy looked up at him, then at the channel guide on the TV. She didn't recognize
  the title and it didn't sound very good. She turned back to her book and answered
  him with, "I want to finish this chapter first."  
A shadow crossed the page, blocking her reading light. She looked up to see
  Mark standing in front of her, a frown darkening his face. He reached down,
  took the book out of her hands, carefully replaced the bookmark, and sat it
  down on the end table. Cathy started to protest but stopped when she saw his
  expression.  
"No, you will not finish the chapter. I told you to come sit with me on the
  couch. It was not a suggestion. Now stand up and face me." His tone was that
  quiet yet determined sound of being deadly serious. Cathy realized she had
  just made a major mistake, one he would not ignore. She slowly stood up and
  turned to him. Whatever happened next, she knew she had brought it on herself.
  He might not be angry, but he was definitely irritated, and she was the direct
  cause. She stood very still, looking up at his face, arms loose at her side.  
"We only have a certain amount of time together during the day. I want to
  spend some of that time with you. What I do not want is to watch you read a
  book. This will be the last time you ignore me and choose to do something else.
  Do you understand?"  
Cathy couldn't look him in the eye. He was right and she knew it. She had
  to drop her eyes, looking down at her feet, before she could answer him. "Yes,
  sir, please forgive me, I didn't think."  
He lifted up her chin, forcing her to look at him. "No, you didn't think,
  and that we will have to correct. I think you need a reminder, something that
  will ensure you do not forget. Something that will make you remember, and think,
  the next time." He stopped, obviously considering what would be appropriate.
  Cathy waited with a growing sense of dread, sure it wasn't going to be pleasant
  but resigned to the certainty that she would be punished.  
He let go of her chin and took a step back. Cathy tensed, he had decided
  on something and she was about to find out what it was. "Strip, all your clothes,
  get them off right now. Leave them on the floor, stay right where you are.
  You are forbidden to speak." She started with her blouse, unbuttoning it as
  fast as she could. Her skirt followed, then her underwear, all dropped in an
  unkempt pile in front of her. Finished, she stood facing him once again, doing
  her best not to tremble. "Look at me." She raised her head to see his face.
  His eyes seemed to lock onto hers, holding her gaze.  
"From this moment on you are forbidden to wear any clothing. Not just tonight
  either. Until I tell you otherwise you are not allowed to cover yourself in
  any way. No socks, no shoes, no towel, no robe, nothing. You are not to leave
  the house. You are forbidden contact with any friends. You will not read your
  book or anything else, and you will not use the TV, radio, or computer without
  my permission. Now turn around." Without thinking she did as he ordered, turning
  her back to him. She heard him pick up her clothes and walk to their bedroom.  
How many times had she been cautioned not to forget her place, not to ignore
  him? Both Anna and Fatima at the school had warned about carelessness. One
  of the most common blunders made, they had both said. It seemed the common
  part was right, in spite of all the advice she had committed the very same
  mistake.  
She heard him coming back into the living room. He stopped behind her so
  she couldn't see from his expression how upset he was. It had been only a few
  days ago she herself had asked him to be strict with her. Be careful
  what you wish for  , she thought, it might come true  .  
He took hold of her arm and pulled her toward an empty corner of the living
  room. "Kneel down. Since you want some time to yourself, you will remain in
  this corner and meditate on how important it was to finish that chapter in
  the book. You will remain here, eyes to the wall, until I tell you otherwise." He
  released her arm and walked away. She heard him sit down and start to watch
  his movie.  
An hour later and Cathy found herself still staring at the wall. She had
  run the full range of emotional reaction, from anger at being forced into the
  corner, resentment at how powerless she was, all the way to her current state
  of depression at how she had failed both him and herself. She could feel the
  tears running down the cheeks of her face but could not stop. Her legs hurt
  from kneeling on the rug and she felt cold. The cold was all in her head, the
  result of having her clothes taken away. She was so preoccupied with her own
  misery she didn't even notice when Mark turned off the TV and came up behind
  her. She jumped at the unexpected touch of his hand on her shoulder. He took
  her arms and helped her stand. Softly he wiped away her tears then held her
  by the shoulders, facing him.  
"Cathy, look at me." She lifted up her eyes, surprised at the concern showing
  on his face. "I don't enjoy moments like this when discipline is required,
  but it is a necessary element in my obligations as your master. I want you
  to understand that I will not overlook the infractions. When I ask you to come
  sit with me, either you do it or you ask me if I will wait, and then explain
  why. You do not tell me you are too busy reading a book."  
He brushed back the hair from her face. "I'm not mad at you, or even disappointed.
  Overall you have done very well. This was one moment when you needed some guidance.
  I'm sure it won't happen again. Now go wash your face and then come to bed.
  You have permission to speak."  
Allowed to talk again her words seemed to tumble out uncontrollably. "I'm
  so sorry, master, please forgive me. I'll never do it again. I can do better,
  please don't be mad at me. I wasn't thinking. Mark, I&hellip;" The tears started
  again.  
"Shush, I'm not mad." He held her close, arms around her, and let her cry
  on his shoulder. It felt so good the way he held her that she calmed down.
  She put her hands on his chest and looked up at him.  
"Really? You aren't angry? Master, are we okay?"  
"Yes, don't worry. Now go wash your face. It's getting late and we both need
  some sleep."  
As he let go of her she turned and headed for the bathroom. It felt like
  a huge burden had been lifted from her. She still felt bad about being disobedient,
  but he had dealt with it as he saw fit. She ran the cold water over a washcloth
  then wiped the tear tracks away. It wasn't until she looked in the mirror and
  saw her bare breasts that she remembered the rest. He hadn't said anything
  about her clothes. That meant she still didn't have any.  
Staring in the mirror, her eyes fell on the collar around her neck. She reached
  up to touch it with one hand. For the moment it would be all she wore. She
  smiled. This was a lesson she would not want to repeat anytime soon.  
She hung up the washcloth and turned off the bathroom light. Mark had just
  finished changing when she came out. He smiled as he saw her, which made her
  feel warm and self-conscious at the same time. He held out his arms, beckoning
  her to come to him. In an instant she was in his embrace, reaching up with
  her arms around his neck as he bent to kiss her. He reached down and literally
  swept her off her feet, picking her up in his strong arms. He carried her to
  the bed and gently laid her down, then went around to his side of the bed.  
She turned on her side, arms open and reaching for him. In a moment he was
  there, touching her, kissing her, whispering his love for her. He made love
  to her in a quiet and gentle way. Afterwards she nestled in his arms as she
  so loved to do.  
"Mark, can I ask a question, about tonight?"  
"Of course, what is it?"  
"Well, you ordered me not to wear any clothes. Is that order still in effect?" She
  was positive he had not forgotten, but wanted to be sure.  
"Yes Cathy, it is. You are not to leave the house either, or have anyone
  visit you. No books, no TV, no radio, no computer. I'll tell you when your
  punishment is over."  
"Yes sir, it's just that I wasn't certain. And I won't forget either." Cathy
  paused, thinking. "Seriously Mark, I want to tell you that even though I got
  upset, I think you acted as a master should. You stopped me immediately and
  made sure I corrected my behavior. I was careless and disobedient. I do know
  better.  
"In the class I went to, several times the instructor told us never to forget
  your time is not your own. I listened, but it didn't sink in. The moment you
  took that book out of my hands I realized I had goofed. I should have asked
  permission to finish reading first."  
"It's over now, and we won't dwell on it," Mark said. "I'm serious about
  your punishment though. I meant what I said, no clothes, and no contact with
  anyone else. I want you to remember this, as a lesson that I will not tolerate
  disobedience, even if it's minor. We all make mistakes, and when we do we have
  to accept the consequences. That's how we learn not to do it again."  
She snuggled in tightly against his chest. "I know, Mark, and I do understand
  why you have to do this. I promise I won't ever do it again. And if I do forget,
  I expect you to stop and remind me just like you did tonight."  
Mark fell asleep almost immediately but Cathy lay awake, still preoccupied
  with what had happened. As always in hindsight it had been so stupid. Just
  a momentary lapse, but he hadn't missed it. She listened to his quiet, rhythmic
  breathing, recognizing from the familiar pattern he was fast sleep. He
  didn't ignore it, that means he really does take this ownership thing seriously  ,
  she realized. She reached up and slipped her fingers under the collar, tugging
  on it. No going back, it's not going to come off. Maybe I better
  get serious about it too.   
The next morning she was still drowsy as Mark got ready for work. He didn't
  eat breakfast so he let her sleep in till he left. Half asleep she heard him
  getting ready. As usual he stopped by her side of the bed and knelt down.  
"Hey there, wake up. New day starting." He said the same thing every day,
  but she never got tired of hearing it. His voiced dropped as he turned serious. "Now
  remember what I told you last night. I trust you to follow my instructions
  without cheating."  
That woke Cathy up. "Yes, sir, I remember. Mark? I really will. Exactly the
  way you want, until you tell me different."  
"Okay then, I'll see you tonight when I get home." He bent over to kiss her
  goodbye.  
She watched as he went out the bedroom door. A moment later she heard the
  front door open and close. It was tempting to stay in bed a few more minutes,
  but Cathy knew she was supposed to get up when he left. Throwing back the bed
  covers she got up and headed for the shower. The hot water felt good and finished
  the job of waking her up.  
Afterward she started to open her closet before she realized what she was
  doing. Not today, maybe not tomorrow  , she thought, the
  closet and dresser are off limits until further notice  . At least
  she could brush and comb her hair. It was a small consolation but it still
  made her feel better. Sitting in front of the dresser mirror while counting
  the brush strokes her mind came back again to Mark's punishment. He was right
  about one thing; she would not forget it any time soon. I'm grounded  ,
  she smiled at the memory of high school days when her parents would make her
  stay in her room on a Friday night after some particularly dumb escapade on
  her part. Funny, I never thought about sneaking out.  Finished
  with her hair Cathy headed to the kitchen for some breakfast.  
The moment she left the bedroom the first problem arose. The curtains were
  drawn back on all the windows. If she went into the living room she would be
  exposed to anyone outside on the street. However devious Mark might be, she
  was sure he didn't intend for her to put on a show for the neighborhood. Lowering
  herself to the floor Cathy crawled past the window to the far side where the
  curtain drawstrings were hanging. Reaching up she pulled the curtains closed.
  That would solve the immediate problem. Now if the doorbell were to ring, she
  didn't know what she would do.  
It wasn't the doorbell but the phone that brought on her next trial. It was
  Anna, asking if Cathy wanted to come over for breakfast.  
"I'm sorry Anna, but Mark put me on restriction. I can't leave the house.
  I'm not supposed to talk to anyone either." She would have to report her conversation
  to Mark, but she was sure if it was kept to a minimum he would allow it for
  the sake of being polite.  
"Oh, I understand. Okay, call me when you can. Bye." Mercifully Anna seemed
  to know the routine and didn't press for details. Cathy hung up the phone and
  went to the kitchen.  
Breakfast was toast and marmalade jam with tea. More British than American
  in style, but Cathy wasn't hungry. Sitting at the kitchen table sipping the
  tea she thought about the coming day. No gardening this morning. No laundry
  either as she couldn't use the clothes line. There were some chores around
  the house, but not enough to fill the day. Not even enough to make
  it to lunch  , she realized as it dawned on her what the real punishment
  was going to be. Standing in the corner hadn't been pleasant but it was over
  in an hour. Taking her clothes away made a point about his power over her.
  The boredom though, that would be the hardest to take.  
Turning around, she could just see her book on the coffee table in the living
  room. She could pick it up and start reading. Mark would never know. Except
  he would, because I'd have to tell him  . It was tempting but she
  couldn't do it. I knew this could happen. I went into it eyes wide
  open. Now I have to keep my promises to him  . Cathy sighed, resigned
  to a very long day.  
Second Thoughts   
"So if we change the pipe gauge it should rupture within three months causing
  massive damage to the pumping station. That sound okay to you?" John pointed
  to a spot on the blueprints spread out on the table between him and Mark.  
"Sure," Mark answered in a distracted tone of voice.  
"The fireball should be visible from thirty kilometers away," John finished,
  positive now Mark wasn't paying any attention to the plans or what he was saying.  
"What? Fireball? What do you mean?"  
John shook his head. "C'mon, let's go get a cup of coffee. You're in no shape
  to work on this right now." The two men picked up their cups and headed for
  the coffee pot before going into John's office.  
"Okay, sit down and tell me what's on your mind. You just approved an engineering
  change that would have blown up a million dollars worth of pumps. Want to tell
  me about it?" John leaned back in his chair and took a sip from his mug.  
"It's about Cathy. I lost my temper last night." Mark went on to tell John
  the circumstances and what he'd done. "Thing is, I overreacted. I came down
  on her too hard. Now what do I do?"  
John put his mug on the desk. "First, it doesn't sound like you lost it.
  She did something wrong; you corrected her. That's what you are supposed to
  do.  
"Second, you didn't overreact. The punishment fits the crime. If you aren't
  willing to do what's necessary she'll lose her faith in you. What was her reaction
  this morning? When you left was she an emotional wreck, couldn't stop crying?"  
Mark frowned. "No, nothing like that. There were a few tears last night but
  she seemed to accept the consequences. That's not the point though. It was
  enough that I take away her book and all the rest for today. Taking away her
  clothes was too much."  
"You may think so Mark, but I'd bet she wouldn't agree with you. In the same
  situation I'd impose at least as much of a penalty as you did, probably a lot
  more. It was no small matter. Not just that she disobeyed, but you wanted to
  share some quality time and she selfishly ignored you." John shook his head. "See,
  you have first claim on her time. That's the point. She expects it, and she
  knows better than to say no. Considering the circumstances you were lenient."  
"Still&hellip;' Mark hesitated.  
"No still  about it," John interrupted. "Your job is
  to be her master, better or worse. Last night wasn't one of the better moments
  but there's no excuse if you fail in your responsibilities. You signed a contract,
  you promised her you would keep your end of the bargain. Do it. Don't mope
  around and let those doubts eat away at your confidence." John jabbed his finger
  at Mark. "Get it together, man. She expects discipline and structure in her
  life. Those have to come from you. You made the call, live with it.  
"Now let's go back and see if we can come up with a layout for that pumping
  station. Preferably one that won't incinerate the neighborhood."  
The Rising of the Moon   
Mark watched Cathy out of the corner of his eye as he drove by the street
  where they normally turned off to go home. She glanced over at him and started
  to speak, thinking he had missed the turn. "Mark? Wasn't that our street back
  there?"  
"Yes, but we aren't going home. We have to be somewhere else this evening.
  I'll explain later." Mark continued to drive, heading toward the shoreline
  road. "I think you will enjoy this, if it works out." He switched on the headlights
  as the sun dropped below the horizon. The idea had first come to him a few
  weeks back, when he overheard a co-worker at lunch discussing the cove. Intrigued,
  he had made a few inquiries and found out the best dates to visit. A quick
  trip to the docks and a call back from a helpful fishing boat crewman should
  ensure tonight would be the moment to be there.  
At a stop light he reached over and put his hand on top of hers, in her lap. "Don't
  worry. I have something special planned. If we're lucky, tonight you will get
  to see a sight to remember for years to come."  
That piqued her interest. "What is it? Or am I supposed to guess?"  
"No guessing, but you will have to be patient. When the time is right you'll
  see." Mark grinned at her before turning his attention back to driving. One
  of his newfound joys as Cathy's owner was the way he could control the timing
  between them. He knew she would be dying of curiosity but the simple act of
  telling her to wait had stopped any further questioning. He could almost hear
  the imaginary gears whirring inside her head, trying to find a loophole so
  she could discover what he had in mind.  
"You're teasing me. Just because you have me at a disadvantage," she pulled
  at the handcuffs holding her wrists close together in front of her waist, "doesn't
  mean you have to take advantage. Okay, so I can't ask. Is there anything I
  need to do first, to get ready for this surprise?"  
"Nope, all taken care of in advance. Besides, if I told you now it might
  be a clue." He had put one of her sweaters in the trunk in case the sea breeze
  turned chilly. Otherwise he had made sure she was ready before they had even
  gone into town earlier today.  
He stole a quick glance at her before returning to the road ahead. She was
  looking out her side window at the passing scenery. They hadn't been along
  this road before so it was all new to her. The eastern shore wasn't too popular
  because of the rocky hills coming right up to the ocean. There were few houses
  on this side as the terrain made it difficult to build. The resort beaches
  were all along the western shore, on the other side of town. Traffic was light
  with no more than a handful of cars on the road at dusk.  
A quiet moment settled over them as he drove on, each lost in their own thoughts.
  Mark was looking forward to what he had planned. On a whim he reached out and
  put a hand on Cathy's knee for a moment. She looked over at him, smiled and
  turned back to her window. She doesn't mind at all  ,
  Mark thought, mine to do with as I please  . Not that
  he'd ever abuse or harm her, but he was not going to ignore that power either.
  There was a time when Mark would have shaken his head in disbelief if told
  he would be able to control in the most minute detail the life of the woman
  he so dearly loved. Now all he had to do was look to his side and he could
  see it.  
Purely for his own pleasure he snuck in a quick look again. She had on a
  long-sleeved white blouse and close-fitting dark blue knee length skirt, one
  of his favorite combinations. It was no coincidence that was her choice for
  the day since he had told her to wear it. Without any explanation either, something
  he still hadn't gotten used to doing. Around her waist was a steel chain, locked
  behind her back. In front was the attached pair of handcuffs, at the moment
  confining her elegant and shapely wrists. Per his standing rules her hands
  were neatly folded in her lap, left hand on top of right at an angle. The high
  collar of her blouse nicely framed the metal collar around her neck. For tonight
  he had left her ankles unrestrained. She had her legs stretched out with ankles
  crossed, which he allowed. All together a package he found irresistible.  
It was a rare moment now when he had to remind her about the precise positioning
  of her hands. Habit seemed to be taking over as she obeyed without even thinking
  about it. It was a small matter but seeing how easily he could alter her behavior
  to suit his own taste still left him in awe of how much influence he had over
  her.  
Up ahead was the turnoff for the observation point. As he slowed down Cathy
  turned back to the front windshield, to see what was happening. "Is this the
  place?" she asked.  
"Almost there, it's about half a mile down this road," he answered as he
  guided the car onto the side road. It sloped down toward the ocean. "This is
  a little cove someone told me about. No real beach, just rocks, but I'm told
  it's a good place to be around this time of year." They came to the end of
  the road, a small promontory overlooking the sea about twenty feet below. Mark
  parked the car to one side and switched the motor off.  
Cathy looked around but didn't see anything special about the place. There
  was a low rock wall at the edge with a few wooden benches. She twisted her
  head back to Mark, an arched eyebrow and frown stating the unasked question, is
  this it?   
Mark laughed while reaching over to unfasten her seat belt. "Like I said,
  patience. You stay right there while I check it out first." Mark opened his
  door.  
Leaving her in the car he walked over to the wall at the edge and looked
  around the place. Satisfied they were alone he went back to her door. Through
  her window he could see her waiting. When they were together she required permission
  to enter or leave the car, a little reminder of how much she had to depend
  on him. Sometimes he felt a few pangs of guilt at forcing her into dependence,
  but it meant so much to him and she didn't seem to mind. He opened her door
  and helped her out.  
She had definitely been practicing this particularly tricky move when he
  wasn't home because she now executed her exit with a remarkable grace compared
  to the first few times. Turning to her side, legs together and trailing as
  she moved, then smoothly placing her feet on the ground before leaning forward
  to stand up, all in one fluid motion with her hands still folded properly at
  her waist. Mark held a hand above her just in case she might misjudge and bump
  her head but it wasn't necessary. He had never seen her do it so well before.  
He put his hands on her shoulders and turned her to face him. "I'm impressed.
  I know how difficult it is for you to get in and out without using your hands." And
  she never complains about it either. She must know how much I take pleasure
  in seeing her so helpless.  Mark knew it was essential he encourage
  her so she could see for herself how important it was to him.  
Cathy looked down, pleased that he noticed. She had been practicing for several
  days. Anna had given her some pointers too. "Let's go sit down on the bench
  over there." Mark took her arm and led her from the car to the observation
  point. As she was about to sit down he stopped her, reached in his pocket,
  and took out the key to the handcuffs. "You won't need these." He unlocked
  the cuffs, freeing her wrists.  
Mark sat down next to her, looking out to sea. He put an arm behind her,
  resting on the top of the bench. She snuggled in close to him. "Okay, I still
  don't have any idea what's going on," she said.  
"It isn't time yet," he told her, "we have to wait for the moon to rise first." A
  line of silver was barely visible on the horizon. It would be about a three-quarter
  moon tonight, which should be plenty of light if his information proved out.
  A full moon would have been ideal, but Mother Nature worked on a different
  schedule.  
They sat quietly at first, listening to the waves break on the rocks below
  the wall while the moon slowly climbed into the sky. Cathy broke the silence
  with a question. "Mark, can I ask you something? Not about your surprise tonight,
  something else?"  
"Sure, you know you can ask me anything." It would be several more minutes
  before the moon was in the right position. He turned away from watching the
  waters in the inlet to look at her upturned face. "What is it?"  
She hesitated before continuing. "I don't think I'm contributing enough.
  You do so much, taking care of me, paying our bills, plus you have to work
  all day. I want to do more to help, especially to please you. At the company
  picnic I watched Luisa. She was so perfect, always attentive to Kurt, demure
  and submissive, deferential to all the men. I can do that for you, Mark."  
The last thing Mark wanted was for Cathy to copy Luisa. He had to be careful
  how he answered her, to make sure she got the right message. Fortunately John
  had warned him something like this might come up. He had to start with the
  basics. "What is it I want from you?"  
"To obey you, to always be there and never leave you, to have you control
  my life?" Her tone made it into a question.  
"Yes, that's part of it, but I want Cathy too. I want the woman I married,
  the woman I now own. If you try to be like someone else then you take away
  the Cathy who makes my life worth living. I will not permit you to steal away
  the one I love so dearly and replace her with a poor imitation."  
"But..." she began.  
"No, listen to me." Mark dropped into what he thought of as his low-key command
  voice, a tone that conveyed serious intent. "First, you will not compare yourself
  to anyone else, Luisa in particular. I promised you I would tell you exactly
  what I wanted. If you recall what I've told you these last weeks, being just
  like Luisa was never part of it. I'm not holding back Cathy, when I tell you
  to do something that's what I want, and what I leave out I don't want.  
"Second, you do more for me than you realize. You are a good wife, my best
  friend, and the type of woman I never dreamed I would find. If my friends from
  college knew about our life here on the Island they would envy me. Now in public
  they might criticize me for being the stereotypical male chauvinist pig, but
  secretly they'd wish they had the same. Don't underestimate yourself because
  it seems easy and you don't have to constantly work at it.  
"We are the perfect fit, Cathy. Where I want to be controlling you are obedient
  to my every wish. Where I want to be the provider, you are willing to depend
  on me. When I need someone to talk to, even reveal my deepest darkest thoughts
  and fantasies, you are there to listen. And when I want my damsel in distress",
  he pulled at the handcuffs dangling from the chain at her waist, "you are always
  ready and willing to fall into my evil clutches."  
She laughed at his last remark. "Well sir, I'm in no hurry to be rescued
  from this particular villain." She reached up behind her shoulders and pulled
  down his arm over her, wedging herself in close against his side. "Mark, do
  you really mean that? About being your friend and the rest, just being myself?
  Don't you want someone like Luisa?"  
"Yes, I meant it, and no, I don't want a Luisa. Those two are meant for each
  other. And it's good they found each other, because they'd never be happy with
  anyone else. Tell me, what's your candid impression of Kurt?"  
Cathy hesitated before replying. "He makes me nervous. Not like he's going
  to attack me, or anything like that. It's more like he's waiting, ready to
  pounce on me the first time I do something wrong. He's smart and he can be
  charming, but he keeps his distance. Aloof, that's the word. I can't believe
  he would ever have close friends."  
"That's my impression too. All the qualities someone like Luisa craves. She
  is the type of person who has to be constantly pushed to the limits of what
  she can do. When she is out on the edge, and she can stay there, then she is
  proud of herself. That's what Kurt does. He is never quite satisfied, always
  demanding a little more, challenging her to do her best every moment of the
  day. You saw it as waiting to pounce, but if you asked Luisa, she would tell
  you it is loving attention, the kind she has to have. I don't know how the
  two of them operate, but I bet you she has a list of rules so complex you'd
  have to write them down to keep track of it all. Neither of them can ever relax.
  Every minute of the day she's working to keep on that straight and narrow path,
  while he is running as hard as he can to keep one step ahead of her.  
"You see why I would never want someone like Luisa, and the last thing I
  want is for you to be like her? I don't want to live like that, spending every
  free moment supervising, and I don't want you so fearful that you are scared
  to even move without permission. I can ask you to do something for me and trust
  you to handle the details. You know me well enough to understand why I ask
  and how I would like you to do your part. You are free to use your own talents
  and abilities, and I don't have to work overtime to keep track of you and constantly
  push you along. If anything you are probably going to do a better job on your
  own than if I were standing behind you overseeing every little detail. I can
  sit back and enjoy the benefits of being in charge."  
That was something else Mark had to learn, not to sweat the fine points.
  Even when he was tempted to micro-manage her, it never was as satisfying as
  letting her proceed on her own. Early on he had noticed how she put more effort
  into her tasks when left her to work out the details. At times it was eerie
  how she could become obsessed with his most trivial requests. John had cautioned
  him to be careful about offhand remarks for just such a reason.  
A distant splash out in the cove brought Mark back to the present and the
  reason he had brought Cathy to this remote spot. The moon was now fully above
  the horizon and lit up the water like a sheet of silvery white. "Look," he
  told her as he pointed out toward the ocean.  
At the mouth of the bay there were more splashes and long, low figures moving
  through the waves. Cathy leaned forward, trying to make out what it was. She
  looked a puzzled question to Mark.  
"Minke whales, migrating to their feeding grounds to the south. Something
  about the depth, water temperature and current around the cove here attracts
  plankton and krill, whale food. They gather in small pods and come by the Island
  for a quick snack. A fellow on a fishing boat tipped me off earlier today that
  some were headed this way. I took a chance they would come by their favorite
  spot on the Island." As the whales came in closer to shore it was easier to
  see them in the moonlight.  
"Oh Mark! They're beautiful. Thank you for bringing me. I've never seen a
  whale before. I've always meant to take one of those whale-watching excursions
  out past Catalina, when we were back in California. This beats a boat load
  of seasick tourists any day. Can I stand up?"  
"Sure, but don't go past the wall. I don't want you to fall in." He stood
  up with her, leaning out over the retaining wall to get a better look as one
  of the whales came further in toward the shore. The hills dropped almost straight
  down so the water was deep enough to preclude any chance a whale might beach.  
"Mark, look!" Cathy was excited now, "there's a calf. The one below us is
  a mother." Sure enough Mark could just make out a smaller shape trailing the
  adult. "Here comes another one too. They're so close! Will they be all right?"  
"The water is deep, and the shore is rocky. No sand bars for them to get
  stuck on. I think that's why they come here. They can scrape off barnacles
  on the gravel bed. Whales are pretty bright, you know. They remember the good
  fishing spots too. Probably better than us." Cathy laughed, thinking back to
  John's unsuccessful attempt at angling when they visited the reservoir.  
For the next half hour Cathy and Mark sat watching the whales as they swam
  about. Cathy kept up a spirited running commentary, pointing out each one she
  spotted. Watching the whales in the wild was interesting but to Mark the high
  point was seeing Cathy so animated. He worried about her being alone during
  the day, that she might grow homesick and long to return to California. There
  was plenty to do on the Island but it was isolated. He knew over half the immigrants
  eventually left, in most cases because they missed the outside world.  
Mark didn't want that to happen to her. He made it a point to keep up on
  activities that she could participate in, and ways she could meet other people
  and make friends. The company picnic had been part of that strategy. Kurt and
  Luisa may not have been the best possible choice, but he wanted her to meet
  a variety of people. After those two Cathy will feel at ease with
  anyone  , he thought to himself.  
"Mark?" He looked down at her, nestled in his arm as she sat close by his
  side. "I just wanted you to know that I'm very happy here. I was a little scared
  at first, but not now. I'm so glad you met John, and brought me here to the
  Island.  
"One other thing I want to say, then you can tell me to be quiet again." Mark
  watched as she reached down, opened the handcuffs at her waist, and closed
  them around her wrists. She carefully placed one hand over the other in her
  lap. "I really do belong to you now. Whatever you like, tell me and don't hold
  back. I never thought I'd say this, but these chains?" She jiggled the handcuffs
  but didn't change the position of her hands. "They don't bother me at all,
  not when you're with me. I didn't believe Anna when she told me she enjoyed
  being restrained in public by John, but now I understand. That first day you
  put these on me and took me out the front door? I saw respect and approval
  from other people, and that really surprised me."  
"Approval?" Mark asked. He had been concerned with her and hadn't paid any
  attention to reactions from strangers. Keeping one arm around her he placed
  his free hand on top of hers.  
"Maybe you didn't notice. I could tell by the way people looked at me as
  I passed by. Oh, there were a few frowns. The majority either showed no interest
  or gave me some encouragement, a smile or a nod of the head. Leers from some
  of the men, but not as many as I would have expected. And once I think I saw
  a look of envy from a woman."  
"Do you know why I do this?" Mark took his free hand off hers and wrapped
  his fingers around her wrist where the cuff held it. He ran one finger along
  the line between the metal bracelet and her skin.  
"Because you like it? You like to control me?" She had never thought to ask
  for an explanation.  
"It's not hard to figure out I like it. Seeing you vulnerable makes you look
  sexy. And yes, it's control too. I think what appeals to me is that you can't
  do anything about it. I'm forcing you to do what I want, but without violence.
  You can't get those cuffs off, and even if you tried to run away no one would
  help.  
"It's almost a contradiction. I don't want to hurt you, but there's something
  about striping away your ability to offer any resistance that turns me on.
  Here, I'll show you what I mean." Letting go of her wrist he reached up and
  began to unbutton her blouse, all the way down to where it was tucked into
  her skirt. Then Mark pulled her blouse out and over her shoulders, down to
  her waist.  
Cathy, caught by surprise, tried to grab her blouse but the handcuffs prevented
  any movement. She looked up at Mark, confused and worried.  
"See? There was nothing you could do to stop me, even if you tried." To underline
  his point, Mark unhooked her bra in front and pulled it down around her shoulders
  too. Cathy sat on the bench, exposed for anyone to see.  
"Mark? Someone might come by&hellip;" she began.  
"No. You will remain silent. Do not speak until I give you permission. Face
  forward, eyes front, sit up straight. You will sit on this bench and not move
  until I tell you otherwise." He stood up and turned to face her. She started
  to look up at him. "No! Face forward, don't look at me. I want you to hold
  still, don't even turn your head." He sat down on the wall in front of the
  bench, leaning forward to see into her eyes.  
"I like to look at you this way too. If I feel like it, I can reach out and
  touch you." His outstretched hand began fondling one of her exposed breasts.
  Involuntarily Cathy closed her eyes and drew a sharp breath.  
"Open your eyes and look at me." He didn't shout but her eyes flew open at
  his quiet yet insistent command. He stood up and walked around the bench till
  he stood behind her. Mindful of his orders she stared straight ahead while
  concentrating on holding still. He looked down at her bare moonlit shoulders.  
Mark knew he had to be careful. He was losing his own inhibitions but he
  couldn't go too far or she might be at risk. He rested his hands on her shoulders,
  enjoying the feel of her bare skin. He ran his hands up and down her arms.
  Leaning forward, his lips almost touching her earlobe, he whispered softly, "You
  will not forget I am your master, now and forever. Make no mistake, what I
  want I will demand from you." He tightened his grip on her upper arms. "It
  is not your choice to give, but mine to take. You offered yourself to me, now
  I will claim what is mine. I will tolerate no disobedience Cathy, never forget
  it. I will allow you to tell me what you think, but I will be the one who has
  the final word. When the discussion is over I expect you to do as I say. Not
  in a defiant, half-hearted way, but with the determination to prove you will
  keep your promises to me, just as I keep mine to you." He felt an involuntary
  tremble go through her, and he could hear her uneven breathing. This was a
  moment when his words would sink deep into her mind.  
Suddenly he let go of her arms and grabbed both of her breasts roughly. She
  gasped and arched her back. Mark could see her hands struggling in the handcuffs.
  One word, "master", escaped from her before she recovered enough to restore
  her silence.  
Leaning over her from behind, he next took hold of her wrists where the cuffs
  held them. "Remember this moment," he whispered. "I love you Cathy, more than
  you can know. But never doubt I will do whatever I think best. I might tell
  you first, I might even ask you to give me your opinion and discuss it. Those
  occasions I do not allow you that privilege, I still expect you to do your
  part. Even if you disagree, even if it scares you and you are upset." He jerked
  on the cuffs. "You have to depend on me. You must have my permission, keep
  that in your mind always."  
Power  , Mark thought, it's the ultimate aphrodisiac  .
  The rhythm of her breathing, the tremors in her body when he emphasized a point,
  the warmth of her skin, all told him she was aroused. If he lifted the order
  of silence she would beg him to take her, right there on the ground. Not
  yet, I have one more surprise in store for you  .  
One small detail he had to take care of first. "Close your eyes," he ordered.
  Mark reached into his back pocket and took out one of her scarves. He covered
  her eyes and tied the scarf in a knot behind her head. Easy to slip off, but
  she wouldn't have the opportunity. "Now, stand up." He held onto one arm to
  steady her as she rose from the bench. He noted with approval how she kept
  facing forward and didn't try to turn to him.  
He came around the bench to her side. He put his hands on her shoulders to
  turn her to face him. Blindfolded she didn't see the expression on his face.
  Had Cathy been able to see, it would have been a picture of intense concentration
  focused on her. "Come with me."  
Her blouse still pulled down to her waist where her hands were bound together,
  she followed meekly as he led her toward the car. Unable to see for herself
  she had to walk blindly, trusting Mark to guide her. Just before she would
  have walked right into the front side of the car he pulled her to a halt and
  spun her around to face him again, her back to the hood. He held her there
  for a moment, marveling at her beauty in the moonlight.  
In the past when he used the chain belt and cuffs he had threaded the chain
  through the belt loops in her skirt, but not this time. He figured she had
  noticed but assumed he was in a hurry. If so she had guessed wrong, for it
  was deliberate, in anticipation of this very moment. Pushing her up against
  the car he reached down and unzipped the side of her skirt before pulling it
  to the ground. Her underwear followed, forming a pool of clothing at her feet.
  He lifted her up and kicked the skirt out of the way.  
As he bent her back over the car he heard the chain around her waist hit
  the car, muffled by the padding of her blouse. This time he would not free
  her hands. Using his knees he forced her legs apart as he dropped his pants.
  She must have recognized the sound because she began to squirm, making small
  involuntary sounds. Mark didn't correct her; he knew she was losing control.
  Hands on her arms he held her against the hood of the car as he roughly took
  her. Cathy struggled, trying in vain to put her arms around him, not even realizing
  her wrists were still trapped in the handcuffs. She cried out his name as he
  entered her, her head going from side to side, fighting to rise up to him as
  he held her down. He felt her heels dig into the back of his legs, pulling
  him in. As he climaxed her whole body shook uncontrollably, moans of pleasure
  and odd, incoherent sounds he had never heard before escaping from her mouth.
  Mark was glad he didn't bring the gag or he might have missed something new.  
Riding the Roller Coaster   
Cathy reached for the toast as it popped up. She began to butter it, more
  for something to do than anything else. Anna was sitting at the kitchen table
  sipping her cup of coffee.  
"You seem preoccupied this morning. Want to talk about it?" Anna could tell
  by the elaborate amount of detail work Cathy was putting into making a slice
  of toast that something wasn't quite right.  
Cathy put the last slice on the plate and brought it over to the table. She
  sat down across from Anna and took hold of her coffee cup in both hands. "Last
  night, Mark and I went to this little isolated cove. A pod of whales swam by
  and came in close to shore."  
"Neat! You're lucky. We've tried to see them twice. The first time they swam
  on by, and the second time they were leaving just as we got there. I only got
  to watch them for a few minutes."  
Cathy nodded, "I know. Mark found someone on a fishing boat who called him
  as soon as there was a sighting. We got to see them come into the little bay
  and stay for at least half an hour. It was so beautiful, with the moonlight
  on the water."  
"So what's the problem? Sounds like a night to remember." Anna took a slice
  of toast from the plate and began nibbling on it.  
"It's not exactly a problem. What's got me rattled is afterward. We were
  sitting on the bench, just talking, when Mark became, umm, I guess you might
  say aggressively dominant. It was very sudden. I can't quite remember everything
  that happened after that but I wound up bent over the car without any clothes
  on."  
"Sounds like fun to me, a nice way to finish the evening." Anna smiled and
  winked.  
"I'm not complaining, at least I don't think I am. More like I'm overwhelmed.
  I remember being scared, but not frightened. Does that make sense?"  
"Oh, sure. Ever ride a roller coaster? You know it's actually safe and you
  aren't really going to get hurt, but when you drop down that steep incline
  or barely make the sharp corner it's still exciting. Being controlled is like
  that for me. I know John isn't ever going to hurt me so when he becomes aggressive,
  as you call it, there's the thrill of the unknown but no terror of being maimed
  or killed. I can't stop him any more than I can stop the roller coaster in
  the middle of the ride.  
"And I don't really want to stop him, even if I could. There have been some
  scrapes and bruises but he never means to intentionally hurt me. Don't worry
  too much if some of the details are fuzzy. There have been times John's overwhelmed
  me too. Dominant men, they seem to have this ability to take away our ability
  to think at a conscious level. I'm sure that's what happened to you."  
Cathy nodded in agreement. "Yeah, that sounds right to me. I remember he
  was talking to me, then it sort of blurs for a while, then I'm at the car and
  my skirt is on the ground." She shrugged. "I'm okay, just feeling a little
  confused. What are you going to do today?" She decided to change the subject.  
"I'm going to look for some walking shoes. I need to get more exercise, so
  I thought I might start walking around the neighborhood in the morning, after
  John leaves for work. Say, why don't you join me? It's less work if there's
  someone for company." Anna picked up her coffee.  
"That sounds like a good idea. I need to get out too. I'll ask Mark for permission." Cathy
  stopped. Where had that last line come from?  She had
  spoken it without even thinking.  
Ana noticed her abrupt stop and puzzled frown. "What is it? You think Mark
  might say no?" No need for either woman to ask or explain the need to obtain
  their man's approval. They both wore a collar around their necks.  
"I think he'll approve. That's not it. That last part, it just popped out.
  I said it without even realizing what it meant. Anna, he's inside my head.
  I literally can't do it without asking him first.  
"I thought all this," Cathy touched her collar, "was about him controlling
  me by restricting what I'm allowed, or doing things he liked. Up to this morning
  that's how I looked at it inside my mind, sort of negative. But just now? It
  changed. I need him to tell me I can  , even more than
  I can't  . I don't want to go walking with you unless
  he says it's a good idea." She tapped he head with a finger. "He's in here,
  like a voice whispering in my ear reminding me what it is I'm supposed to be
  doing all the time."  
Anna held up her hands to stop Cathy. "It's a natural progression. I have
  my little voice too, nagging me day and night. We all do. John and Mark, they
  do something to put it in our heads when we are at our most susceptible. I
  can't tell you how they do it; maybe we actually make it happen ourselves.
  Don't ever ignore it though! If you do then you've done something wrong. He'll
  find out too, because you'll have to tell him. Your mental watchdog will keep
  barking at you until you confess all. You wanted him to control you? Well,
  you got your wish."  
Exploring   
Elise sat at the dining room table, sipping a cup of coffee. Ben had left
  for his office at the clinic. She had much to do today, but for the moment
  she wanted to sit and think.  
It was an eerie feeling, looking around the still unfamiliar room and realizing
  it was her home. Ben was adamant about how she must always include herself.
  If she forgot and asked about his  back yard, he immediately
  corrected her. She had to carefully repeat it again, but using their  back
  yard instead. On reflection she had to admit it was working. Slowly she was
  beginning to think in terms of us  , of Ben and Elise
  as a couple.  
The day she had given up everything in her past and walked through the doors
  of the Facility seemed far away now. That day she had resigned herself to a
  life of subsistence, one where she existed but contributed nothing. The training
  had not been easy, nor had the long months of being constantly reminded that
  she had not the slightest bit of power or influence over what was to happen
  to her. Yet they had been right. Here she was, and Ben seemed to be a dream
  come true.  
He sure wasn't her original vision of the ideal man. She had never met someone
  quite like him. At one time she would have called him arrogant, but the way
  in which he so matter-of-factly assumed she would be submissive and obedient
  made him all the more attractive. He was good to her, that she couldn't deny.
  But it came at a price. He was strict and demanding too. Excuses, or tears,
  didn't seem to affect him at all.  
That thought brought her back to the present moment. He had decided last
  night that she should know where everything was in the house, rather than asking
  him. So he wanted her to go through every closet, shelf, and drawer and see
  what they contained. Only his small home office was excluded. She wasn't to
  disturb anything in there since it had patient records.  
Her coffee cup was empty. Sighing, she stood up. No more excuses to put it
  off. She took her dishes into the kitchen and rinsed them off before putting
  them in the dishwasher. She took a moment to glance around the kitchen to make
  sure it was presentable before she began. Were he to surprise her by coming
  home early only to find dirty dishes stacked in the sink and crumbs on the
  counter&hellip;she didn't want to think about that.  
The simplest way would be to start at the front door and work her way back
  room by room. For some company she went to the living room to turn on the radio.
  Background music made work go faster. Her bare feet made no sound on the carpet
  as she went to the front door. She stopped in front of the closet door in the
  foyer, but it was the front door that caught her attention.  
It was solid, made from some kind of wood, either oak or pine. It wasn't
  locked. She could simply open that door and walk outside at any time. Except
  she could never do that. He had made it clear she was not to leave the house
  without his permission, unless it was an emergency. That simple, plain order
  was as effective in keeping her inside as ten foot thick walls of reinforced
  concrete.  
She opened the closet door. On the right were her shoes, now joined by two
  more pair after their shopping spree. Why wouldn't he allow her to wear shoes
  in the house? He had offered no explanation. It was simply a rule she was required
  to follow.  
On the wooden clothes rod were some hangars, one holding his overcoat, and
  an umbrella. She would have to get a coat when the weather started to cool.
  Finding one was an outstanding item on her long list of assignments. The shelf
  above yielded a single rather worn looking hat. It was one more interesting
  clue to his personality. He didn't like hats.  
The left side of the closet was reserved for his things. There was a pair
  of battered tennis shoes, possibly for yard work, and an incongruous pair of
  finely tooled leather cowboy boots in like new condition. The boots were a
  question mark. She didn't see how they fit in with what she had learned about
  him to date. She made a mental note to check for country western music in his
  record collection.  
I did it again!  Elise shook her head in disappointment
  at herself. It was our  collection, not his. At least
  she had caught it this time, before he heard her say it out loud. She smiled;
  the cowboy boots were definitely his, and his alone.  
Above his shoes, hanging on pegs, were items she was intimately familiar
  with: the restraint belt, the handcuffs that went with it, and the leg shackles.
  Those were his alone as well. Somehow she could never think of them as being
  shared, not in the same way as towels or a bedspread. They were his to use
  on her, as and when he wished.  
She reached out and lightly brushed the belt with her fingers. It was made
  of sturdy leather, more than strong enough to hold her hands close to her waist.
  It had last encircled her waist for most of that fateful day when she had met
  Ben at the interview. She hooked the fingers of her hand around the steel ring
  fastened in the center of the belt. She remembered how the handcuffs had dangled
  from that ring when he had released her hands. He had left the cuffs on the
  belt instead of removing them. She had known immediately what it meant. And
  she had been right, before the day was over she had been imprisoned by that
  belt and handcuff combination one more time.  
The plated steel of the cuffs and leg shackles gleamed. Those she would not
  touch, not without his express order. They were his tools to control her. She
  couldn't explain why but it felt as though it would be disrespectful to his
  authority if she were to handle them. Elise felt guilty about touching the
  belt too, but in her mind she didn't think of it in the same way. On impulse
  she took it off the hook. The weight of the leather surprised her. Around her
  body it hadn't seemed so heavy. Curious, she wrapped the wide belt around her
  waist.  
Today she had a dress on, one that didn't have belt loops. She pulled the
  belt tight with the buckle in front. Too tight, she could hardly breathe. She
  let it out a notch. With some effort she slid the buckle around behind her
  back, leaving the retaining ring for the handcuffs in front. She placed her
  hands on either side of the ring and closed her eyes.  
That first evening coming home in the back of the car had been special for
  her. She had been so scared, afraid she'd make a mistake, positive he would
  reject her, worried she would never have a chance for happiness again. Then
  he had put his arm around her and started talking so softly to her, whispering
  in her ear. When he told her to close her eyes and lean against him all the
  cares of the world had vanished. She still had no idea what he had said. Before
  she had fallen asleep she had felt the first small glimmer of hope that her
  life had finally turned around and for the better.  
Elise sighed and opened her eyes. Reaching behind her back she took off the
  restraint belt. Would he ever use it on her again? With the rest, the chains?
  She would give anything to recapture that moment, so powerless yet so safe
  in his arms.  
She put the belt back in the closet. Could she ask him? And what would he
  think of her if she did? The problem was she still didn't know him well enough
  to predict his reaction. And that made her naturally cautious. He had immense
  power over every facet of her life. He might even return her to the Facility
  if she disappointed him.  
She shut the closet door and went over to the side table in the entryway.
  A direct question was too risky, but perhaps she could ask something else in
  order to get some insight into his thoughts. That day in the interview room
  he had been in no hurry to take the restraints off. His look when he ordered
  her to turn around had been telling. She could tell when a man was looking
  at her in a sexual context.  
The side table had one small drawer with a set of gloves in it. Probably
      driving gloves for cold mornings  , she thought.  
Elise spent the next several hours going through each room. When she got
  to the music he did in fact have a few old vinyl records of country-western
  music. The artists were familiar names she rather liked herself. The collection
  as a whole was eclectic, ranging from big band to rock and roll to classical.
  Judging by titles and artists he liked nearly every kind of music. She had
  permission to listen to music, and he had shown her how to operate the sound
  system. Selecting some of the Beatles albums she loaded the CD changer and
  headed for the bedroom while Penny Lane   played in the
  background.  
There were no shocking revelations as she went through his belongings. Ben
  seemed to live a rather simple life. There were a few pictures in one drawer,
  apparently friends at some vacation spot, one with a younger Ben and some men
  all in unfamiliar military uniforms. The clothes in his closet were drab by
  any standard. Maybe he would let her pick something out for him.  
Her side of their closet she already knew. At least there were some clothes
  there now, clothes she had been allowed to pick out. After so many months at
  the Facility, where she had been given the same uniform to wear every day it
  had been nice to have some variety. Variety yes, but not exactly
  freedom to choose whatever I want,   she reminded herself .   She
  ran a hand past the short line of outfits. It represented a one day shopping
  trip, with her picking out items she liked followed by his approval. More than
  once he had turned down something she thought he would find attractive. He
  had been patient when she guessed wrong, explaining that she would learn as
  much by what he turned down as by what he accepted.  
There were dresses, skirts, and blouses. Not a single pair of shorts, slacks,
  or pantsuits. No miniskirts, halter tops, tee shirts or low cut blouses either,
  which surprised her. He wouldn't allow anything too revealing. His taste in
  fashion ran to the classic, conservative look. And she had been reading about
  his  tznius  , fashion that met Jewish standards, on the
  internet. Our tastes now  , she chided herself, I
  want to be whatever he wants to see  . The last item in her miniscule
  wardrobe was the uniform she had worn the day of the interview, and the two
  identical ones the driver had given Ben. She had washed and ironed them yesterday.  
Those three outfits had been her entire allowance of clothing the last week
  at the Facility. She had never really thought of them as her own, especially
  since there were no personal possessions allowed. Somehow it didn't seem appropriate
  to wear them now; she would have to ask Ben about it.  
In the back of her closet was the single suitcase she had brought with her
  to the Island. It had been kept in storage at the Facility, along with the
  clothes she had been wearing when she left the ship. Those clothes she knew
  were in the cardboard box next to the suitcase. The box brought back memories
  of that first day at the Facility, when she had been ordered to strip. The
  box and luggage were the last remnants of her old life. For Elise they were
  a reminder of a past she had no interest in remembering. If Ben approved she
  would dispose of them unopened.  
Action and Consequence   
Ben went over the day on his way home from the clinic. That last patient's
  results had been worrisome. The combination of high blood pressure and preliminary
  tests full of warning flags, combined with a family history of heart problems,
  meant there was an excellent chance of a bypass operation in the patient's
  future. He had done the best he could, warning the man he was at substantial
  risk of a heart attack. Further tests were needed before he would recommend
  an operation, but his primary concern was time. He had given the man his business
  card and asked him to carry it with him. And he had alerted his answering service
  to pass the patient's calls through any time day or night.  
He had brought Elise home on the same road that first night together. She
  had been asleep that evening, her head nestled against his shoulder. He had
  brushed a stray hair out of her closed eyes. In response she had snuggled closer
  to him. Or maybe he had been the one doing the snuggling. She did feel good.  
She had looked so small and vulnerable. He knew what she had faced at the
  Facility. Strict unrelenting discipline, endless rules and no excuses for breaking
  them, and total dependence on the staff to care for her with no limit on the
  time she would be there. What could have driven her to willingly agree to such
  conditions? She had known what it would be like before she ever entered the
  gates. Yet still she gave up everything in her life for the chance to belong
  to someone else. Ben shook his head. To him it was incomprehensible, like volunteering
  for a life sentence in prison.  
He would have gone crazy. She seemed to thrive on it, a chronic overachiever.
  He had gone through all her records at the Facility, and watched her several
  times on camera. They provided proof of her sincerity and commitment. As the
  Facility counselors had pointed out, she not only accepted the conditions imposed
  on her but also actively worked on her own to apply what she had been taught
  to new situations.  
The question he faced now was one of degree. The advisors at the Facility
  had warned him that his first assumptions on how to treat her would be wrong.
  If he were to let up, go easy on her, she would lose her faith in him. Keep
  her busy, make sure she is focused on completing specific tasks  ,
  that had been their advice. And see to it those tasks are achievable but not
  too easy. Tell her when she does a good job, but don't hesitate to criticize.
  She will know if she hasn't done her best. If she wasn't held to his standards
  he would lose his credibility.  
Ben respected the experience behind the advice, but found it difficult to
  put into practice. Elise was special to him and he didn't want to drive her
  away. His natural inclination was to take care of her by making her life easy
  and not be too demanding. According to the Facility that plan would be a quick
  course to disaster. As they explained it, her self-worth was measured in terms
  of what she could do for him. If he didn't provide her the opportunity to prove
  herself, or even worse discouraged it, she would be lost.  
They had told him to be authoritarian. Impose rules, define her daily activities,
  and above all do not hesitate to demand. Don't ask her, tell her. In Ben's
  mind the question was in the degree of control he should apply. The difficulty
  was in determining how she would react. He just didn't know her well enough
  to judge.  
The last few days had given him some basic impressions to work with. His
  idea of letting her pick out clothes, but vetoing those he didn't like, seemed
  to be a success. There had been no sign of any latent resentment when he had
  refused some of her choices. To her credit she picked up on his selection criteria
  quickly, rarely making the same mistake twice. For the moment he would proceed
  with the strategy of encouraging her to use her own talent and ability by setting
  specific tasks for her, but not supplying the details of how she was to complete
  them.  
His attempts to draw her out in casual conversation weren't doing as well.
  He had avoided questions about her past on the assumption it was better she
  volunteer whatever she wanted to share. The Facility had promised her a place
  to start over, and Ben intended to keep the same promise. He had tried to keep
  to safe topics, like books, movies, or music that she enjoyed. She would answer
  if he asked, but he could tell she wanted him to talk. Of course she was doing
  the same thing, trying to encourage him to tell her about himself. He could
  appreciate, from her perspective, the urgency of learning who he was. On balance
  he had to concede it was better he talk and she listen, at least in the short
  term.  
Ben pulled into the driveway and stopped the car. Elise knew he was on the
  way home so she would be watching for him. When he opened the door she would
  be there. She had to be, since he hadn't allowed her out on her own. He wondered
  how she took that particular restriction. When he had explained what he wanted
  she had agreed, with a few astute questions as to what she should do if there
  was a fire, some other emergency or someone came to the door. He had no way
  of proving she had stayed inside but he would have bet anything she had not
  even opened the door.  
He got out and headed for the house. Over dinner he'd ask her about her assignment
  to explore the house, and what she had found. That wouldn't take long as he
  hadn't done much with the place. All evening alone with her, he looked forward
  to it. Tonight would be spontaneous since he hadn't planned anything definite.  
When he opened the front door she was standing in the hallway, hands crossed
  in front and eyes down. "Good evening , sir," was all she said, accompanied
  by a quick glance up at him before she lowered her gaze again.  
Ben opened the closet door and hung up his jacket. He kicked off his shoes,
  shut the door and turned to Elise waiting patiently for him. This was something
  she had started doing on her own, meeting him as he came in the door. The first
  day he had been unsure it was a good idea but it had grown on him quickly,
  to where he now looked forward to it. He held out his arms. "Come here."  
In a blink she was in his arms as he kissed her. He finished with a hug and
  let her go. "What's for dinner?" He could smell something good on the stovetop
  in the kitchen as they walked into the living room. He noticed the dining room
  table was set for supper.  
"I fixed a roast with potatoes and carrots. I'm not sure how it came out.
  The beef has a different taste than what I'm used to." Ben had to be careful
  not to laugh seeing her apprehensive look.  
"It's a regional difference. The beef comes from east Africa." He explained. "The
  cattle feed is mostly local grasses. You'll get used to it." They sat down
  to eat.  
After dinner she surprised him by asking permission to bring up something
  bothering her. Curious, he sat down on the couch and told her to sit next to
  him. This was something new from her. He told her to begin.  
"Ben, I may have disobeyed you today. I didn't think about it at first, but
  all afternoon it's been bothering me. It is your right to punish me if I've
  done wrong." She stopped, unsure of how to continue.  
Puzzled he tried to figure out what she meant. She had gone through the house,
  what else had she done? "Why don't you tell me what happened and I'll be the
  judge if any correction is warranted."  
"Yes, sir, I'm sorry. When I went through the front closet I took down the
  restraint belt and put it on. I shouldn't have touched it. I promise I'll never
  do it again." From the expression on her face he would have thought she was
  confessing to a lifelong crime spree. Ben tried to remember if he had even
  put the items from the Facility off limits.  
He couldn't figure out what she felt guilty about. She hadn't broken any
  rules or acted outside her boundaries. Rather than punish her he wanted to
  know why she put it on. All it took was a question, so he asked her.  
Now she looked embarrassed. "Sir, I&hellip;I'm not sure." She looked up at
  him, an anxious expression crossing her face. "I don't mean to be evasive.
  It's just that I can't explain why."  
"Did you take down the handcuffs or leg chains?"  
"Oh no, sir! I would never touch those! At the Facility we were taught that
  such things are the sole province of our master."  
Ben had an idea. "Show me. Let me see what you did." He took her hands and
  pulled her up. She followed him into the hallway. He opened the closet door
  and took out the leather belt.  
He hadn't examined it very closely at the interview or when they came home.
  It was wider than a regular belt, with extra stitching on the buckle. The ring
  about halfway down the belt was mounted on a metal plate, and attached to the
  belt by rivets through a matching plate on the back side. The D-ring was large
  enough to accept handcuffs but much too small for a hand to slip through. The
  belt length was sized for a woman or small man. He held it out to Elise.  
She hesitated before taking it out of his hand. She wrapped it around her
  waist and pulled it tight. As she was about to slide it around so the ring
  would be in front Ben stopped her. "That looks too tight. When you wore it
  during the interview, did it fit so close?"  
She looked up at him. "No sir, should I loosen it? I can wear it this way
  if you like."  
"Yes, loose. It doesn't have to hurt. As long as it stays in place I'm satisfied."  
"Yes, sir." Elise let out the belt to where it wasn't so constricting but
  would still be too narrow to slip over her hips. "Is this okay?" She held out
  her arms.  
Ben put his hands inside the belt to test the fit. He tried to pull it down
  but it wouldn't go any lower. He noticed a fleeting change of expression on
  her face as he pulled on the belt. She recovered quickly but he knew it had
  excited her. "At the Facility, did you normally wear this with the ring in
  front?"  
She nodded. "Yes sir, sometimes the guards would handcuff our hands behind
  our backs, sometimes in front, but when they used a belt like this our hands
  were always in front." She put her hands on the belt and began to slide it
  sideways. "I can move it around."  
Ben took hold of her wrists and gently pulled them off the belt. Puzzled,
  she looked up at him, unsure what he wanted her to do. "Turn around and hold
  still." She obeyed instantly, her back to him, arms loose at her sides. She
  sensed something in the tone of his voice that told her not to speak. "Put
  your hands behind your back."  
She had to know what he intended next, but she didn't say a word. Ben reached
  in the closet and took the set of handcuffs off its hook. He checked to make
  sure he still had the keys in his pocket. Pushing open the bow of one cuff
  he took hold of her left wrist. He could feel a slight tremble as he closed
  the cuff around her wrist. He opened the other cuff and slipped it through
  the ring on the belt. Still she didn't move. He took hold of her right wrist
  and locked the cuff around it, imprisoning her hands behind her back. The trembling
  was more pronounced this time as he slowly closed the cuff.  
Quickly Ben spun her around. She kept her eyes down. "Look at me," he told
  her. He held her tightly with a hand on each upper arm, below her shoulders.
  He was concerned she would be frightened or about to panic, but one look told
  him that wasn't going to happen. Her face was flushed, her breathing heightened,
  and through the thin material of her dress he could see her nipples were pronounced.  
Dropping one arm to her waist he pulled her close. His other hand wrapped
  around her long hair and pulled her head roughly back as he kissed her. A suppressed
  moan escaped her lips as she melted in his arms, pressing against him. He could
  feel her hands struggling with the handcuffs. He grabbed one manacled wrist
  with the hand behind her back and she immediately stopped.  
When he told her to put her hands behind her back Elise knew it could be
  for one reason only. She held her breath as she heard the familiar ratcheting
  sound. When he took hold of her wrist and she felt the cool metal encircle
  it she shook uncontrollably. Then he locked her other wrist in the grip of
  cold steel. She closed her eyes, savoring her helplessness.  
She was caught by surprise when he spun her around. He had control now; she
  couldn't resist him. Faster than she could react he pulled her to him and grabbed
  her hair. The kiss crushed against her lips as she instinctively opened her
  mouth to accept his questing tongue. Swept away she didn't even realize she
  was fighting the handcuffs, trying to throw her arms around his neck and cling
  to him. But when she felt the pressure of his hand as it grasped her bound
  wrist she relaxed and stopped. His slightest touch could command her now.  
When he stopped he held her at arm's length, studying her face intently. "I
  understand now. Let's go back into the living room." He led her back to the
  living room, her hands still confined behind her back. His tone of voice made
  her uneasy.  
"You were right to bring this up, Elise. I don't consider this outright disobedience
  and I won't punish you for that. However, you were correct that this belt," he
  slipped a hand behind the buckle and pulled her close again, "should be off
  limits to you even if I had not explicitly told you so. I trust you to do what
  you think is right when I'm not here. You failed to listen to your own misgivings
  and for that you must now accept the consequences."  
Ben pulled her over to a corner of the room and turned her to face the wall. "You're
  going to have a timeout. I want you to stand here, quietly, until I tell you
  otherwise. I want you to think about what you did wrong and how you will avoid
  that mistake in the future. In particular ask yourself why you didn't recognize
  your error immediately." He reached into his front pocket and took out a coin.
  When he held it up in front of her she saw it was a US quarter. "I want you
  to hold this coin against the wall with your nose. If you let it fall we will
  start over again. I don't want to do that." She leaned forward pressing against
  the large coin with her nose. He let go of it and walked away.  
Elise heard him sit down in his chair behind her. From the rustling sound
  he must be reading the newspaper. She stared at the spot in front of her nose. This
  is it  , she told herself, I'm being punished by my master.
  I displeased him. He's right too, I did know better  . Being ordered
  to stand in the corner in itself wasn't really all that bad, and the fact her
  hands were locked behind her back was only an inconvenience. What hurt was
  that she had disappointed him. She would have to do better next time. Meanwhile
  she had to make sure she didn't let the quarter slip.  
Ben sat in his chair, newspaper in hand, but it was Elise's back he was reading.
  Her handling the restraint belt was a non-issue, except that she had brought
  it up. By her own standards she believed she had failed him. He couldn't ignore
  that, so he settled on a mild punishment. He would let her stand in the corner
  for about fifteen minutes, enough time for her to work out her own emotions
  while showing her he took his own job as her master seriously.  
The Facility director, Clancy Yates, had a name for it, the Broken
      Windows  syndrome. As he had explained it one afternoon, a neighborhood
      where broken windows are tolerated soon deteriorates into a crime-ridden
      ghetto when no one is willing to take responsibility for anything. For
      a neighborhood, or a relationship to survive there must be minimum acceptable
      standards for everyone, and someone willing to hold others to that standard.
      The same principle applied on a smaller scale when a master did not take
      the time to properly address the minor infractions. Elise had pointed to
      a broken window; Ben had to acknowledge it and make the necessary repairs.  
The ironic part, to Ben, was that if Elise had casually mentioned what she
  had done he wouldn't have even thought about punishing her. He would have ignored
  the whole matter, which in retrospect was the wrong approach. Her perception
  dictated his reaction more than the event itself.  
She slowly flexed the fingers of her hands. Probably getting tired  ,
  Ben thought, and a sore nose too  . He checked the time
  on the mantelpiece clock above the fireplace. She had five minutes to go. He
  spent the time organizing his thoughts.  
When her time was up Ben stood up and walked over to stand behind her. First
  he took the coin away, next he released her wrists from the handcuffs, and
  finally he turned her around to face him. There were streaks of tears on her
  cheeks. He wiped them away with his hand and stroked her hair. "C'mon, let's
  sit down on the sofa." He took her hands and led her to the couch.  
"I want you to understand my disapproval is only that you didn't trust your
  own judgment." Her look of apprehension turned to surprise. "I did not tell
  you the belt was off limits, so putting it on wasn't deliberate disobedience.
  In the future I want you to listen to your intuition. When in doubt do what
  you believe is best.  
"I'll never punish you for that, Elise. The fact you told me, even though
  you could have kept quiet and I'd never have known, it means a lot to me. These
  are early days for the two of us. I have to learn about you too." He held up
  the handcuffs he had just removed from her wrists. "I have to figure out how
  best to use these, and the other tools at my disposal." She giggled as he pantomimed
  a crude leer to accentuate his innuendo.  
Elise put a hand on his arm as she spoke softly. "If I can make a suggestion?
  Practice with your tools. Often. I belong to you, Ben. I'm listening to my
  intuition when I tell you not to hesitate. Remember? You told me to."  
He had to concede she made her point. And what should he do next?  
"Go put your shoes on. It's time you got out of the house. We're going to
  take a walk around the block and work off some of that delicious dinner. You
  can see some of the neighborhood." Ben stood up and took her hand as she followed. "We
  still have some daylight left, and there's a nice breeze."  
At the front door Elise got her pair of walking shoes from the closet and
  slipped them on. She stood by the front door, waiting for Ben to open it.  
But he didn't open the door immediately. "You're not ready yet." She looked
  down at herself, unsure as to what he meant. "Turn around, put your hands behind
  your back. I'm going to get in a little practice."  
When Elise did go out the front door her hands were securely bound behind
  her back, held in place by the belt around her waist. It was a mark of how
  much she had changed since her arrival on the Island that she didn't even consider
  it unusual.  
The Dinner Party   
Mark opened the front door for Kurt and Luisa. Mark and Cathy had decided
  to throw a small dinner party for their new friends and to welcome fellow island
  newcomer Luisa. It was also something of a celebration in recognition of the
  new ownership agreements for both couples.  
"Through the house and out to the back porch. The turkey is in the oven and
  should be ready in an hour. John and Anna are in the backyard. They live right
  behind us." Mark told them. He watched as Luisa hesitated just a moment, waiting
  for Kurt's barely perceptible nod before she stepped inside the doorway. Kurt
  followed behind her, one hand on her back. He had a paper bag in his other
  hand.  
As Mark closed the door Kurt turned and handed him the package. "If you enjoy
  wine this is something I have sent in from Europe. Not much selection here
  on the Island. It's a small chateau in the south of France, a business associate
  of my father. Not well known but I think the quality is better than most in
  its class. It is best served at room temperature."  
Mark took the bottle out of the bag. Kurt was right, he had never heard of
  the label, and couldn't read French anyway. "Thanks, Kurt, I'll put it on the
  table. Let's go out back for now and enjoy the cool breeze." Mark made a short
  detour to set the bottle on the dining room table before he followed Kurt and
  Luisa out to the back yard.  
There were greetings all around. They had all met before at the company party.  
After a few minutes of conversation Cathy stood up and headed for the back
  door. "If you gentlemen will excuse me I have to see to dinner." She slid open
  the patio door to go into the kitchen.  
Kurt touched Luisa's arm. "You will assist."  
"Yes, sir" she replied quietly as she stood up to follow Cathy. After a quick
  look at John for approval Anna headed for the kitchen too, leaving the three
  men on the back porch.  
"Congratulations Kurt, your Luisa is a real prize," John began. "How is she
  adjusting to the change?"  
"I am quite pleased with her. I had expected some difficulties but there
  has been no requirement for stern measures yet. She seems remarkably content
  considering how strict I am with her." Kurt had a thoughtful expression on
  his face. "Are there times when you think your Anna might be putting on the
  brave face, but actually is experiencing difficulty with the direction you
  wish to take her?"  
"I've thought about that too," Mark added. "Like Kurt I've been pleasantly
  surprised at the lack of resistance on Cathy's part. I know some of the rules
  I've imposed have to be difficult for her, but she hasn't said anything."  
John nodded as he leaned back in his chair. "That's a common situation. First,
  to answer Kurt, yes I've seen Anna put aside her own feelings when I think
  she should have spoken up. How to handle it is up to each of you. There is
  no one way that solves every case. Of course you have to find out what she's
  hiding, typically with some questions during a quiet intimate moment, when
  she is relaxed and won't become defensive.  
"But I've also learned from experience that there are times it's best not
  to see what she wants to hide. She has an image in her own mind of the person
  she wants to be. We all do. And on occasion she fails to meet her own self-imposed
  expectations. That may be the reason she seems to be hiding something. If so,
  and you think it's not harmful, you look but do not see.  
"Whatever you decide, keep in mind it may also be a case of seeing ghosts
  that do not really exist. You assume it's difficult for her because you put
  yourself in the same position and ask yourself what you would feel. That's
  a major mistake those of us new to the role of master often make. In significant
  ways they do not see the world as we do." John stopped to take a drink from
  his glass.  
Mark picked up the thread of the conversation. "I think I've seen what you
  are talking about. The other day I took Cathy out to lunch and afterward to
  the mall for some window shopping, just to look around. Just before we left
  the house, I ordered her to wear one of those waist restraints, similar to
  the kind you have for Anna. You saw it when we met for lunch, John. I expected
  her to hesitate, maybe even plead with me not to use it, or at least ask to
  discuss it since this was the first time and I hadn't warned her beforehand.
  She took me by surprise when she did neither."  
"The secret isn't in what you ask her to do, but how you do it." John leaned
  forward. "Fact is, they will do just about anything for us, if we go about
  it the right way. You saw part of it, Mark. Speak to her quietly, in a firm
  tone of voice, look her in the eye and explain exactly what you are doing and
  what you want from her. Don't give her time to react, move quickly in a determined
  manner, and she can't resist. Not won't, but can't.'  
"Luisa responds the same way," Kurt added. "I had read about it, but the
  first time I tried it myself I was still amazed at how they seem to lose the
  will to resist. I do not understand the process to this day, but cannot deny
  it exists."  
John leaned back in his chair and grinned. "It does make life easier for
  us."  
Kurt spoke up, "Mark, I would like to thank you for inviting us to dinner.
  Though I've lived here several years I have few friends, and being new Luisa
  has none. I was concerned about finding suitable acquaintances for her, women
  who could be both role models for her and a peer group where she can relax
  and talk or ask for advice. Your Cathy I think will be an excellent example
  for Luisa. Cathy is also new to the Island, and like Luisa is just starting
  the experience of being owned, but unlike Luisa she has been with you for some
  time and has already reached a comfort level in her submission.  
"Anna will be the example for them, to show both Cathy and Luisa they can
  be a success. You are fortunate John, in having her by your side for so many
  years. Luisa mentioned that your current ownership term is coming to an end
  soon, have you decided to renew or change to a lifetime agreement?"  
John nodded as he answered. "Anna has been dropping these none too subtle
  hints she'd like to make it permanent now that we qualify. I haven't said anything
  about it, so she's a little nervous. Between the three of us, I'm going to
  renew it as a lifetime agreement, but it's going to be a surprise for her.
  I have forbidden any discussion about it, so she hasn't been able to ask me.
  She isn't going to know until I hand her the agreement at the records office."  
"Excellent, and you say nothing that contradicts you own intent to renew." Kurt
  paused for a moment, thinking, before he continued. "It serves to remind her
  of the important separation of roles. Regardless of what she may want, she
  must wait for you. And it emphasizes that you will not be hurried in your decision.
  It will encourage her to be patient and trust you to do what is best."  
"I don't get it, why keep her guessing?" Mark asked.  
"It's what I want, that's why," John answered. "Mind games, I like to get
  inside her head and put in a few reminders I'm always there. Remember Mark,
  the women we own are a little different from the outside world. They expect
  us to keep a close hold over them. Anna would be disappointed if I didn't do
  things like this once in a while. She needs to feel my power over her being
  used in a way she doesn't anticipate. I think it's some type of reassurance,
  that I'm getting what I want and I want it from her.  
"I like the expression on her face when I catch her by surprise. That's the
  other reason. I don't want her assuming I will go a certain way every time."  
During a quiet lull the men heard the women laughing through the open patio
  door. Mark turned to look and began to stand up. "Maybe I should see if they
  need any help with dinner&hellip;"  
"Mark," John said quietly, "if I might make a suggestion?"  
He sat back down and turned to John. "Sure, what is it?"  
"Let the women be. They are having a great time preparing dinner for us.
  Let them enjoy it. When they are ready, we will go in and they will serve up
  an evening to remember. Everything has to be done a certain way, but if you
  intrude they will have to stop. Tonight we do our part by doing nothing. So
  sit back and relax, let them take care of it all. If they need help they'll
  ask."  
Kurt added in, "I agree. You have assigned a task for her to complete. She
  has everything she needs to accomplish the task. Now it is necessary to give
  her the time and space she needs to finish. This is how I work with Luisa."  
"I can understand that, but I don't want to overwhelm Cathy either." Mark
  thought for a moment. "I like to keep an eye on her, watch what she's doing.
  In part it's being a responsible master, but for me it's also a benefit of
  being in charge. She knows I'm looking over her shoulder, and I hope she sees
  that as reassuring instead of interfering, but I'm also exercising my authority.
  Even if I say or do nothing, I'm still controlling her."  
The sound of feminine laughter came from the open patio door again, louder,
  from all three women. "I'd say they don't need our help or supervision right
  this minute," John quipped.  
In the kitchen Anna was chasing an olive that had fallen off the counter.
  It seemed to have a mind of its own as it rolled across the floor with her
  in hot pursuit. All three women laughed at the antics of the wayward green
  oval as Anna finally pounced on it.  
"A slippery devil,' Anna commented wryly as she tossed it in the garbage.
  She sat back down at the kitchen table while Cathy and Luisa finished the plate
  of appetizers, bite sized squares of toast topped with cheese, salami and an
  olive, skewered with a toothpick. Anna snatched one off the plate and bit into
  it. "Mmm, good. Just checking to make sure master will approve." They all laughed
  again.  
Luisa tried one too. "I think Kurt will like it. Is this one of your favorites,
  Cathy?"  
"They're sort of a tradition in my family. I still remember munching on an
  olive at my grandparents house one Christmas, I was only four." Cathy rearranged
  the plate to conceal their pilfering. "Okay, I think it's ready for the guys.
  Luisa, would you take it out to them? See if they need any refills on drinks
  too."  
Luisa wiped her hands on the kitchen towel and picked up the plate. At the
  patio door she stopped and tapped on the glass before sliding the door open.
  Cathy could hear her ask Kurt, "May I serve a plate of appetizers?" before
  she pulled the door shut.  
"Is it me or is that dress really on the short side?" Cathy asked Anna as
  she turned back to the kitchen counter and the potatoes.  
"It's you. And it is on the short side, but remember it may not have been
  her choice as to what she wears. Besides, you never wore a mini when you were
  a teenager?" Anna began folding the cloth napkins for the table settings.  
Cathy looked over her shoulder at Anna. "Oops, got me there. I sometimes
  forget the rules are a little different here. Do you think Kurt picks out her
  clothes?"  
Anna shook her head in a negative. "No, men have no fashion sense. She'd
  be wearing something hideous, purple stripes with little clowns." Cathy nodded
  in agreement. "He does make her wear something like a uniform at work though."  
Looking out the window onto the patio Cathy could see Luisa gathering up
  glasses. Attractive and graceful, she serves to perfection. And the
  men notice it  . Cathy attacked the last potato with the cutting
  knife, chopping it up with an exuberance that caught Anna's attention.  
"Luisa admires you Cathy, did you know that? She told me once that she envies
  the way you adapted so easily to the Island, the way you did so well in the
  classes and asked questions she had never thought about. She had a hard time
  overcoming her past prejudices. You see how she overcompensates, trying to
  be perfect for Kurt?"  
Cathy stopped, laid down the knife on the cutting board, and turned to face
  Anna. "She admires me? But&hellip;she never makes a mistake. Look at how they
  all watch her." She nodded toward the window.  
"She doesn't make a mistake because she never relaxes. Every moment she's
  thinking about what to do next, making sure she doesn't break any of Kurt's
  rules while trying to please him as best she can. Kurt is the type of man to
  encourage it too. He likes keeping her on the edge. Does she want it that way?
  Hard to say, but she wears his collar by choice. Wouldn't be my choice for
  a life though. Are we ready to set the table?" Anna held up the napkins.  
The patio door opened and Luisa came in with two glasses. "Mark would like
  another beer, and John says to tell Anna to get him the usual?"  
Anna went to the refrigerator and took out a bottle of ginger ale and a bowl
  with lemon slices. Luisa went to the sink to rinse out the glasses. "John and
  I don't drink alcohol very often. His usual is ginger ale with lemon. Foul
  stuff, I don't recommend it, but no accounting for taste. Nothing for Kurt?"  
Luisa placed the glasses on the counter, watching as Anna filled John's glass
  first. Cathy reached into the refrigerator and took out a bottle for Mark. "Thanks,
  Anna, Cathy. No, Kurt didn't want anything to drink. He does like the appetizers.  
"Umm, if you don't mind me asking, did I do alright outside?" Luisa fingered
  the collar around her throat. "I, ahh, don't have any experience in serving
  masters. This is all very new to me."  
Anna dropped a lemon slice in John's glass and slid it toward Luisa. "You
  did fine. Don't be nervous, they don't bite. Not often anyway."  
Cathy handed the beer bottle to Luisa. "Mark likes to pour his own, so just
  give him a glass and the bottle. When you're done we'll set the table. You
  can tell the guys dinner will be ready in less than an hour."  
"Okay, I'll be right back. That is, I hope I'll be right back." Drinks in
  hand she returned to serve the men on the patio.  
Cathy put the pot of potatoes on a burner to finish cooking. She leaned against
  the counter, idly wiping her hands with a towel as she stared out the window.
  She saw Luisa carefully walk behind the chair of each man as she delivered
  their drinks, so as not to interrupt their conversation. When she finished
  she went to stand by Kurt, asking for his permission to go back inside.  
A few minutes later Cathy checked the turkey. The thermometer said it was
  done, so she turned off the oven and went to the patio door. "Mark? Could you
  take the turkey out of the oven and put it on the counter?" Behind her Anna
  and Luisa were going around the table, arranging the place settings.  
John and Kurt stood up and started to follow Mark but Cathy waved them back. "We're
  not quite ready yet, sirs. I just need Mark for a moment."  
While Mark manhandled the large bird out of the oven Cathy cleared a place
  on the counter, folding a towel so the pan wouldn't scorch the countertop.
  As soon as he put the heavy pan down she chased him out of the kitchen. "Go,
  go! You'll only be in the way."  
All the women giggled as soon as Mark ran out the patio door. "Bossing your
  master around like that, you like to live dangerously!" Anna said, trying her
  best not to burst out laughing.  
"When it comes to a dinner party the hostess rules supreme." Cathy brandished
  a knife, preparing to cut open the cooking bag around the turkey. "And he knows
  it, too."  
As soon as the last dishes were ready they set everything out on the table.
  Cathy invited the men back in and asked Mark to place the turkey on the table.  
When they were seated around the table Mark held up a hand before they began. "Just
  a few words before we start, consider it the cost of admission." He gestured
  toward John and Anna. "For those of us from the States and Canada this time
  of year we celebrate Thanksgiving. It's a feast to celebrate our good fortune
  and enjoy some of the fruits of our hard labor. Here on the Island we have
  something extra to be thankful for, an opportunity to live our lives openly,
  as we all believe men and women should be, without fear of condemnation. The
  details we may not agree on, but we all share some basic principles which have
  been lost in the societies we came from. We should all be thankful we have
  this small corner of the world to ourselves.  
"And I'll close there. John, would you say grace before we do proper justice
  to this magnificent meal?"  
Running Out of Time   
Something was definitely wrong. John's skin color was almost grey, and he
  seemed to have trouble breathing. "John, are you okay? Can I get you something?" Anna
  asked as she unbuttoned his shirt collar.  
John didn't answer immediately, instead closing his eyes and grimacing as
  if in pain. After a moment he looked up at Mark and the others as they crowded
  around. "Afraid I'm going to spoil your party, Mark." He paused, holding his
  left arm against his side. "Could you call an ambulance? I think it's a heart
  attack. Ask the dispatcher to contact Dr. Ben Jaffe. He knows my medical history."  
Mark turned to Cathy, who already had the phone in her hand. "Use 999 instead
  of 911 Cathy, it's a British phone system," he told her.  
"Yes, sir," she answered. A moment later she began giving details to the
  person on the line. "They're on the way. What was the doctor's name again?"  
"Dr. Jaffe," Mark told her, "ask the dispatcher to contact him. Ask them
  to tell the doctor it's John Leeds." He turned back to John and Anna. "Anna,
  let's get his feet up on the couch, but keep his head up. Kurt? Can you give
  me a hand? Hang in there John, help is on the way." With Kurt's help he got
  John into a more comfortable position.  
Luisa stood behind Cathy, trying to stay out of the way. When Kurt called
  out her name she came forward. "I want you to go to the front door and watch
  for the ambulance. Flag them down as soon as you see them so they won't have
  to check addresses."  
"Yes, sir," Luisa answered. Cathy was still talking to the dispatcher on
  the phone but touched Luisa's arm as she went by.  
"There'll be an ambulance and paramedics, two vehicles. That's what the dispatcher
  is telling me."  
It didn't take long for the emergency team to arrive. Luisa called out when
  she saw them. Cathy hung up the phone and went to the door to move a side table
  so they could get their equipment through the entrance hallway.  
The paramedics worked quickly, one attaching sensors to John's chest to check
  his heartbeat while the other started an intravenous drip. The ambulance crew
  followed behind, bringing in a gurney.  
"He needs to be transported immediately," the first paramedic told them. "I'll
  ride with him to the Island's clinic. His doctor has been notified."  
As they started to wheel John out he grabbed Mark's arm. "Mark, could you
  do something for me?" His voice was nearly inaudible. Mark leaned over so John
  could whisper in his ear.  
"Sir? We don't have time," the paramedic began.  
Mark stood up and patted John's shoulder. "Don't worry, I'll see to it. You
  try to relax. We'll meet you at the hospital."  
Anna started to follow. "I have to go with him&hellip;"  
Mark grabbed her arm to stop her. "Anna! Listen to me. We'll take you to
  the clinic right now, but you can't ride with John. The paramedic needs room
  in case he has to work. You'd get in his way. You don't want to endanger John's
  life, do you?"  
"No, I don't&hellip;."  
"Kurt, can you take Anna to the clinic? There's something John asked me to
  do. It'll only take a few minutes, then I can meet you at the emergency room."  
"Of course. Anna? Please come with me." Kurt turned to Luisa, standing behind
  him. "Stay with her," he ordered in a low voice.  
Mark pulled Cathy aside. "I want you to go with Anna. Don't let her out of
  your sight until I get there, understand?"  
"I understand. Mark, what about their house?" Cathy kept turning her head
  to watch Kurt and Luisa as they took Anna out to their car.  
"I'll take care of all that, don't worry. John asked me to do something.
  It's important, has to be done right now. You just stay with her. I won't be
  more than five minutes behind you." 
Necessity   
When the phone rang Elise answered it first. Ben was stretched out on the
  couch, sleeping off the turkey and gravy. She recognized the voice of the receptionist
  at the clinic. Ben raised his head, awakened by the call. She listened for
  a moment, and then held the phone out to him.  
"It's the clinic, sounds like an emergency." She'd been a nurse long enough
  to know the unpredictable calls were part of the job.  
Ben sat up and took the phone. Elise went back to the kitchen. She saw him
  making notes on one of the pads he always kept by every phone in the house.  
"&hellip;his medical records are in the filing cabinet, under his last name.
  Put Dr. Singh on the phone while you go look for them." Judging from the frown
  on Ben's face Elise assumed it must be serious. "Paul? Try to get him stabilized
  as soon as the ambulance brings him in. He was scheduled for an angiogram next
  week. You'll see in my notes, looks like he'll need an immediate bypass. Get
  a blood sample and see if Annie can find someone to come into the lab and run
  a full workup on it. Have her check the blood supply and see who's available
  for an operation tonight or in the morning."  
Elise shook her head. From what she'd overheard she was certain it was a
  heart attack. A bypass was a common operation these days but still risky, especially
  if the patient was in bad shape right after an attack.  
"Annie?" Elise listened in as Ben started talking again. "Once Dr. Singh
  gives the okay see that he's hooked up to a heart monitor, and keep a close
  eye on it. Let me know if there is any change in his vitals. Round up a team
  for a bypass, as soon as possible. Call me when Dr. Singh finishes his examination." Ben
  hung up the phone.  
Elise finished wrapping up the turkey and put it in the refrigerator. Ben
  was standing in front of the rear patio door, staring out into the back yard.
  She kept busy in the kitchen, giving him some time to think about what he wanted
  to do next.  
She was loading the last of the dishes into the dishwasher when he came into
  the kitchen. One look at his expression and she knew he was worried.  
"Ben? Is it bad? Do you need to go in?" She wasn't sure what to make of his
  concern. Was it the patient, or maybe he was nervous about doing a bypass?
  That seemed unlikely. He'd been a surgeon for too many years not to have some
  experience in open heart surgery.  
He shook his head. "Not yet. I'll know more as soon as the clinic calls back.
  Yeah, I think it may be a bad one. I don't have any tests yet but from the
  one examination with the patient I'd say he's a high-risk for blocked arteries.
  Paul Singh is a G.P, not a surgeon, so if an operation is indicated then it
  will be me.  
"Meanwhile, in case it looks like a long night, how about we examine that
  pumpkin pie right now? My prescription is for a thick slice with whipped cream
  on top."  
"Yes, doctor. Will that be oral or intravenous?" Elise said straight faced
  while reaching for two plates in the cupboard.  
"That nutmeg and cinnamon rush can be intense. I think oral is indicated." He
  stood behind her, hands on her hips while she sliced into the pie. Before she
  could lift the pieces out of the pie tin he took hold of her hands and pressed
  them flat on the counter.  
"Keep your hands exactly where they are now." His voice was barely above
  a whisper, the lowered tone one of command. "I want you to stand still, don't
  move, don't speak, close your eyes."  
Elise had no idea what Ben intended but it didn't matter. His body pressed
  against her, pinning her to the counter. She could feel his warm breath on
  her neck.  
"My precious Elise. Did you know I'm obsessed with you?" His lips were next
  to her ear, his voice barely audible. She forgot about the kitchen, the pumpkin
  pie in front of her, and everything else except for the sound of his voice,
  talking to her and no one else.  
"All my life I've dreamed of someone like you. And now the dream has come
  true." His left hands continued to press her palm into the counter, but his
  right hand slowly moved up her arm. He began kissing the nape of her neck,
  above her collar. Both his hands moved to her waist.  
More than anything she wanted to turn around, throw her arms around his neck,
  and beg him to take her there on the kitchen floor. But she had to obey him,
  willing herself to hold still under his touch, the palms of her hands glued
  to the counter top.  
The mood was spoiled when the phone rang again. He muttered something unintelligible
  before letting go of Elise. "I'll get that. You finish with the dessert." Reluctantly
  he let go of her and went into the living room.  
Disappointed that he stopped but still pleased with his words she slid the
  knife under a pie slice and moved it to a plate.  
"The flu? For the last two days? And Dr. Collins is still off the Island
  on vacation?" Elise used a tablespoon to pile on the whipped cream. It must
  be the clinic again, and by the sound of it bearing bad news. "Alright, what's
  his blood pressure again? Okay, continue with the drip. I'll be in within an
  hour. Alert everyone we may have to operate by, hmm, make it 9 tonight."  
Ben came back into the kitchen. "He's in a bad way. I'm not sure he'll make
  it another day without an operation. The lab is typing his blood now. I just
  hope it's not something rare or we'll have to call for volunteer donors first."  
Elise opened the refrigerator and put in the plates with the pie slices. "Dessert
  can wait. I know you have to go." And how many times had she broken a date
  for the same reason? Experienced surgical nurses were a rare commodity; she'd
  been on 24 hour call too many times.  
He didn't say anything at first. He stood in the middle of the kitchen, staring
  at her. She sensed there was something else, something he was reluctant to
  bring up. Suddenly he grabbed her wrist and headed for the front door. "I want
  you to come with me."  
Caught off guard she stumbled after him. "Should I change?" she started to
  ask, but he cut her off.  
"You're fine. Put on your shoes. I'm sorry Elise, I didn't mean for this
  to happen, but I need you."  
Puzzled, she slipped on her shoes and closed the closet door. She didn't
  mind going to the clinic with him. In fact, she looked forward to seeing him
  at work. She couldn't understand why he felt the need to apologize. 
Indispensable   
"You have to do this, Elise. His life depends on it. There's no one else
  to assist."  
They were outside his office door at the clinic. Ben hadn't said much until
  he'd seen the patient first. Then he'd told Elise that there were no qualified
  nurses to help with the operation. Of the two on the Island, one was on vacation
  in Australia and the other one was sick with the flu.  
"But&hellip;Ben, I haven't been in an operating room in ages. What if I forget,
  what if I make a mistake again?"  
"Again? You mean the incident with that quack, Gallatin?"  
"You know about it?"  
He grimaced. "Yes, more than you do. For instance, did you know Tom Gallatin
  was busted on a DUI two months after you left? He ran a light and plowed into
  another car. Vehicular manslaughter. The only place he makes his rounds now
  is in the prison ward.  
"The Board of Examiners opened up all his old cases. Once the dam broke everyone
  came forward. You were exonerated. The chief of surgery and the hospital director
  were fired. They'll spend the next few years in court defending themselves
  on charges of malpractice and obstruction of justice."  
"But, Ben&hellip;"  
He took her hand and dragged her down the hallway. "In here," he told her.
  They went into the clinic's operating theater. He took her over to a line of
  instruments laid out on a table, next to the sterilizing unit. "All you lack
  is confidence." He turned his back to her and held out a hand.  
"Clamp," his tone was crisp. Reflex took over as she quickly picked up the
  instrument and slapped it into his hand. "Retractor&hellip;sponge&hellip;scalpel&hellip;" he
  went on until she had emptied the tray.  
"See? You got every one right. Now, how many sponges?"  
"Nine," she answered. She didn't have to think about it. Her job was to make
  sure everything that went into a patient came out afterwards.  
"Turn around," he took her hand and pointed to the pile of unopened sponges
  on the table. "Look."  
There were nine sponges on the table. "That's why no one else but you can
  do this. If I get busy I have to rely on you to keep track of the details.
  You've done bypasses, you know the procedures, and you know what to do if there
  are complications. You won't panic, and if I hold out my hand you'll know what
  I need before I even ask.  
"Elise, I have to operate in a few hours. He won't live till morning. Read
  his chart, you know what it means." He handed her John Leeds' file.  
She wasn't a doctor but she could see the trend immediately. Falling blood
  pressure, low blood oxygen, all the indicators were there. Ben was right.  
He picked up a plastic wrapped package from a side table. "Take these scrubs
  and go change. Annie will show you where. You've done this before; you will
  do it again, and you won't make a mistake. I'll see to it."  
Annie, the receptionist, showed her to the women's small locker room in the
  back. On the way they went past the waiting room. Elise caught a glimpse of
  the group, and the woman who must be the patient's wife. She hoped she'd never
  be in the same position, worried sick about Ben while he lay in a hospital
  bed. Ben left her to go in and explain to them what was about to happen.  
She had the locker room to herself. She had plenty of time; the patient and
  the operating room would have to be prepped first. She sat on the wooden bench
  in front of an empty locker, the scrubs sitting on her lap.  
Of all the scenarios she had imagined those nights in her room at the Facility,
  the ways in which her master might make demands that would test her resolve,
  this particular one had never come up. In an abstract sense she knew Ben was
  right; emotionally she was still afraid she would fail him. Either way she
  had no choice. She reached behind her back to unzip the dress.  
Walking through the door into the operating room was one of the most difficult
  moments in Elise's life. She recognized Ben, already marking the patient's
  chest for the incisions. The anesthesiologist was to one side, watching the
  vitals on a monitor. A technician stood behind Ben, checking some electronics.
  She took her place at Ben's side.  
He stopped for a moment, looking a question at her over his surgical mask.
  She nodded, answering his unvoiced question. He was her master, where else
  would she be but the place he had set aside for her?  
The moment they began all doubts vanished. Elise was back in an environment
  she knew well. She followed Ben's every move, reaching for the next instrument
  before he asked, providing the third hand to hold a clamp or retractor when
  he needed it. The two of them worked together like they'd been a team for years.  
The operation itself was anticlimactic; by the book, with no complications.
  Ben extracted a length of vein from the patient's leg and deftly spliced it
  into the heart. Elise had assisted many surgeons, but none had ever come close
  to the economy of motion she saw in Ben's hands as he operated. She understood
  now why he was the chief surgeon on the Island.  
When he finished he stepped back and glanced at the instrument tray. "Did
  we come up short?" he asked Elise.  
"No, doctor, all items accounted for." She was sure the question was redundant;
  he wasn't the kind who left anything inside a patient that didn't belong there.  
"Okay then, Elise, would you let the family know Mr. Leeds is doing well
  after you clean up? They can visit him in the morning. I'll be in to talk to
  them after I make sure he's settled in post-op. Could you do that now?"  
"Yes, doctor." She didn't mind delivering good news. Part of her training
  had been handling the grief of family members when they'd lost a loved one.
  It still took a toll on her to tell a wife or husband their partner of so many
  years didn't make it.  
Back in the locker room she sat on the bench, thinking about what has just
  happened. Ben had been right. She was still every bit the nurse she'd been
  a year ago. She closed her eyes, savoring the moment. He'd been in charge,
  coordinating the entire team, her master, and everyone had met his expectations.  
She opened the locker and found to her surprise her clothes had been replaced
  with a nurse's uniform. It had to be Ben's doing. It looked like she was back
  to a full-time job. Her fingers danced over the collar around her throat. Doctor's
  orders would have a whole new meaning now.  
In the Waiting Room   
Looking at her reflection, Elise adjusted her hat till it was straight. It
  was a very traditional style: white uniform with the hem line at her knees,
  white hose, white shoes, and a white cap in her hair. Timeless and distinctive,
  she couldn't remember how many years back she's proudly worn the same outfit
  after graduating with her nursing degree. Most hospitals had done away with
  the old uniforms now. She'd never thought much about it but looking in the
  mirror she had to admit there was something about tradition.  
Becoming a nurse had been her ambition since she was a young girl. She loved
  helping people, being the caregiver, there to comfort someone in their loss
  or deliver the good news after an operation. And the doctors, always so confident,
  she loved the way they took charge the minute they walked into her ward, dictating
  orders for patients and making sure the charts were up to date. The other nurses
  made jokes about them being egotistical, but she never joined in. Some of those
  doctors had repaid her admiration with abuse, but Ben wasn't one of them. He
  understood, he must, or he wouldn't have left the uniform for her.  
A professional appearance was important, that was the excuse she made for
  spending too long in front of the mirror. Her master had given her an assignment
  to talk to the group in the waiting room. He wouldn't appreciate her taking
  too long. And she did not want to be the one to tell him she'd failed in her
  task.  
She went to the front desk to check with Annie, to see if the patient's status
  had changed. Ben was still in post-op, watching for any unexpected developments.
  Otherwise the patient was resting and wouldn't wake up before morning. The
  monitor next to Annie's desk showed a strong, regular heartbeat. Already feeling
  at home Elise told Annie she would be in the waiting room with the family.  
One look and she had separated the group into two couples and the wife. "Mrs.
  Leeds? I'm Dr. Jaffe's nurse." The older woman stood up. Elise could see she'd
  been crying. The man sitting next to her stood up too.  
"John? How is he? Please, is he okay? Can I see him now?"  
"Your husband is resting comfortably. Dr. Jaffe is with him right now. The
  operation was a complete success. As soon as the doctor is finished he'll be
  out to tell you more." For the first time Elise noticed all three women wore
  collars like her own.  
The man standing next to her spoke up for the first time. "My name is Mark
  Sturgis, a friend of John's. The doctor said he'd had a heart attack and they
  were going to do a bypass?"  
"That's right, sir." Her training at the Facility hadn't worn off yet. The sir  had
  come out without any effort on her part. "Dr. Jaffe will give you the details.
  I can tell you I just checked Mr. Leeds' vitals and they all show he's doing
  well. The doctor asked me to mention that Mr. Leeds will be sleeping off the
  sedation tonight, and that you can visit him as soon as he's awake in the morning."  
That's when circumstances began to spin out of control.  
"Morning?" Anna Leeds shrugged off the hand Mark had laid on her shoulder. "I
  want to see him now! Why is the doctor still with him? Why did he send you
  instead? What are you hiding from me? What's wrong with John?"   
Elise's training told her what was happening. Too much anxiety and stress
  had pushed Anna Leeds into near panic. "He's in the recovery room right now,
  Mrs. Leeds." Elise was careful to keep her voice calm and professional. Silently
  she thanked Ben for having her put on the uniform. The image would help to
  diffuse the situation. "The doctor is checking for any post operative complications.
  This is a normal procedure. Any major surgery puts a strain on the body. Mr.
  Leeds needs a few hours of quiet and sleep to rebuild his strength."  
Elise didn't get the chance to continue. "What do you mean, complications?
  You're not telling me the whole story. Or maybe you don't know? I want to talk
  to someone who was in the operating room." Anna's voice was getting louder.  
"I assisted Dr. Jaffe, Mrs. Leeds, for the entire operation&hellip;"  
Anna interrupted, "&hellip;and who are you?" She studied Elise's face, her
  collar. "I don't recognize you. Who is your master? I meet everyone who goes
  through the ownership program."  
"My master is Dr. Benjamin Jaffe, Mrs. Leeds, chief surgeon at this clinic
  and for the entire island. I didn't participate in the ownership program." Elise
  was trying to be polite but the woman's attitude was beginning to irritate
  her. She couldn't see the reason for the questions.  
"Didn't participate&hellip;" Suddenly Anna's voice rose to a scream. "You're
  from the Facility! Get out of here! You don't deserve to be in the same room
  as the rest of us. Where's a doctor? Not your Dr. Jaffe. He probably isn't
  any more real that you!"  
Elise backed up, thoroughly confused at the unexpected attack. Mrs. Yates
  had mentioned briefly that not everyone on the Island approved of the Facility.
  She hadn't gone into any detail, nor had she mentioned how deep that disapproval
  might run.  
At that moment the man next to her took over, much to Elise's relief. He
  grabbed Anna Leeds by the upper arms and turned her to face him.  
"That's enough, Anna. The people here are doing their best to help John.
  Let's sit down and wait for the doctor. I'm sure we can work out a way for
  you to see John tonight."  
"No!" Anna pulled away from Mark. She pointed an accusing finger at Elise. "She
  sold herself to an auction, sight unseen. Her doctor was the high bidder. I
  don't want to deal with either of them. I want one of the other doctors here
  to look after John, and I want it now!"  
Cathy, Luisa and Kurt had been silent bystanders. Seeing Mark intervene Cathy
  began to stand up, to come to his aid. She stopped when Kurt put a hand on
  her arm and shook his head. He leaned over and whispered, "Wait, he knows what
  he's doing." She sat back down.  
Mark had hold of Anna's arm again. "Anna, I want you to read something." With
  his free hand he took a folded envelope out of his back pocket and handed it
  to her. "John asked me to give it to you, just before they put him in the ambulance."  
That stopped Anna's tirade. She flashed one last dirty look at Elise, who
  had backed out into the hallway. Anna took the envelope from Mark's hand and
  opened it. She read it, looked up at Mark, read it again. The anger drained
  out of her as stood there, head down, letter dangling from her hand, silently
  crying. Mark went to her, put an arm around her waist, and gestured for Cathy
  to join them.  
"Anna?" Mark's voice was soothing. "After we talk to the doctor, we'll take
  you home. You need to get some sleep so you can be fresh when you see John
  in the morning. Okay? He needs to see you at your best, so he won't worry.
  Cathy will stay with you tonight, and I'll bring you back here first thing
  in the morning. Why don't we sit down now?"  
The letter dropped out of Anna's hand and slid across the floor until it
  stopped near Kurt. He reached down, picked up the scrap of paper, read it,
  nodded, and handed it to Luisa. She read:  
Anna,  
If you are reading
      this then something has happened to me. For whatever reason I can't be
      there for you. That doesn't mean you are on your own. I trust Mark Sturgis.
      In the time I've worked with him I've found him to be honest and honourable,
      a true friend. For that reason I ask that you give him your complete obedience
      in my place. Place your trust in him, do as he asks, and accept that he
      will act in your best interest even if you don't believe it. Do your best
      Anna, and do not fail me.  
 John   
Luisa handed the letter back to Kurt. He leaned over and whispered to her, "I
  expected as much. Any good master would do the same."  
Luisa watched as Mark and Cathy comforted Anna. At that moment Dr. Jaffe
  came in and sat down across from them. Luisa was half listening to him, more
  interested in John Leeds' letter than his operation. He'd anticipated a problem
  and left a contingency plan to handle it. As Kurt had said, "what any good
  master would do." That's when it hit. Had Kurt prepared a letter for her?  
Fundamentals   
"John, you shouldn't be up. The doctor said to take it easy, no stress, and
  keep off your feet."  
John frowned as he stood up. "That was weeks ago. I'm not so old I can't
  heal, Anna. If I don't get some exercise I'm going to wither away. Besides,
  we have a full schedule today and it's time to get started." He sat down on
  the edge of the bed and picked up one of his boots.  
Anna bit her lip, looking worried. "Well, if you feel up to it. I'll drive
  though. You don't need the aggravation."  
John dropped his boot on the floor. The unexpected thump made Anna turn around
  to face him. "Is something wrong? Can I&hellip;"  
"Yes there is something wrong. Come here Anna, stand right there." He pointed
  to a spot on the floor. "Now, you stay there, don't say a word, and listen
  to me. Am I clear?"  
Anna heard the steel in his seemingly calm tone. She cut off her response
  and did as he ordered.  
"I think a review of a few fundamentals is in order." He leaned back and
  folded his arms. "Strip. Right now, everything, throw the clothes anywhere,
  but get them off right now. I don't want to see you wearing anything but what
  you were born with."  
Hesitant and puzzled Anna started slowly to unbutton her blouse but sped
  up quickly when she saw the clouded look on his face.  
"On the floor. Kneel before your master. Hands behind your neck, back straight,
  head up, knees wide, you remember."  
It had been a while but old habits can come back with surprising speed. Anna
  knelt down, never taking her eyes off him, and sat back on her heels. Chin
  up, and fingers laced together behind her head she stared at John. She spread
  her knees as far as she could, exposing herself to his unrestricted inspection.  
"Good, at least you remembered something. Now listen to me. This is how it
  is going to be today. When we finish you will get dressed. I will drive us
  to the clinic, where you will make a sincere apology to the nurse who helped
  save my life. After that, and assuming I'm convinced you were sincere, we will
  go to the Records building, where we will renew the ownership agreement. It
  will be the last time, because this one will be permanent, without any conditions
  or limitations. You will sign it as is, without any modification. You will
  not read it.  
"If you don't apologize to my satisfaction we will not be going to Records.
  Instead I will put you in the car, in the trunk if need be, and drive directly
  to the gates of the Facility. There I will turn you over to them for an indefinite
  period based on a complaint of willful disobedience. You know what that means."  
It felt like a cold icy hand had grabbed her heart. Anna couldn't breathe. Willful
      disobedience, that's about as bad as it can be.  She studied
      his face for any sign he was joking. John would never be a poker player,
      because he could not bluff. Anna could see it now. She could very well
      be an inmate at the Facility by nightfall, and no fixed length to her sentence.
      Disobedience suspended the expiration on the existing agreement; they could
      keep her for years.  
"Yes, sir" was all she could manage to say. 
A Verdict   
Rupert Townsend stood up as Kurt walked up to his cafeteria table. "Good
  to see you again, Kurt, thanks for taking a few moments out of your day." The
  two men shook hands and sat down.  
Kurt didn't know Rupert well. They had spoken a few times regarding Luisa
  since Rupert was on her oversight committee. He was the consummate stereotype
  of a clerk: short, thick glasses, balding and tending to overweight. No one
  would guess he also doubled on a part-time basis as the deputy director of
  Island security after retiring from a long career with an Australian counter-intelligence
  service.  
 It wasn't until Kurt approached Luisa's committee and expressed his intent
  that Rupert had taken him aside and explained the irregular nature of her presence
  on the Island. Kurt had been shocked to discover she had in effect been kidnapped
  to silence her attempts to reveal their secret to the public. When Rupert had
  presented Luisa's articles as justification Kurt had spent most of a night
  reading them over and over. He could not reconcile the person he worked with
  during the day to what she had written in the evening, and said as much to
  Rupert the next day. They had argued but in the end Rupert had agreed to allow
  Luisa to continue in the company program with Kurt.  
"I trust Luisa is doing well? I see she is using her real name now. Was that
  a decision on your part?" Rupert picked up his cup of tea.  
"She's doing quite well, thanks for asking. She's very excited to be working
  on the Central Asia pipeline project. I thought it best for her to return to
  her real name since the false identity wasn't necessary any longer. And I like
  the sound of it, reminds me of her Brazilian roots." Kurt took a bite of his
  sandwich. He watched Rupert closely. This was no casual conversation no matter
  how low key the small talk between them.  
Rupert for his part didn't miss the way Kurt scrutinized him from across
  the table. His long career had honed his ability to read people's reactions
  using the slightest of cues. Kurt was apprehensive about Luisa's fate and ready
  to defend her if the outcome wasn't to his liking. Luisa's owner would be a
  dangerous adversary to anyone who threatened her.  
Some people had to be eased into news, good or bad. Others liked it blunt
  and quick. Rupert could tell Kurt was one of the latter so he skipped the preliminaries. "We
  have reviewed Luisa's progress since you chose to become involved." The we  was
  a shadowy group who made sure threats to the Island were dealt with in a satisfactory
  manner, no matter what it took. "After careful consideration we have determined
  that no further action will be taken in the matter of Luisa Calvaho. Her conduct
  will be solely your responsibility, Kurt. The only restriction we ask is that
  you keep her on the Island for the next two years, and after that you notify
  us in advance if you intend to allow her to travel. And of course neither Luisa
  nor anyone else is to be made aware of the arrangements or my part in it."  
Kurt nodded in agreement. The provisions were reasonable, better than he
  had expected. "I guarantee her behavior? No one second-guessing me?"  
Rupert smiled. "She belongs to you. We aren't going to tell you how to run
  your life, or hers. No one will be looking over your shoulder. Do what you
  think best.  
"But I have a personal request. Promise me, Kurt, your word on this. See
  to it she never has a reason to criticize what we have here. Those of us who
  have to place the Island's interests as a whole above personal consideration
  are not monsters. Tricking her into coming here wasn't a high point in my life
  and I'm not proud of what I did, even though it was necessary. Promise me the
  Island will never have to call on my services to deal with you or Luisa."  
Rupert's odd request caught Kurt off guard. Kurt sat up in his chair, thinking
  over what he had just heard. Behind the bland expression of an accountant Kurt
  saw the weariness of a man who had faced too many ruthless decisions where
  common decency and a sense of fair play were handicaps. Kurt held out his hand. "My
  word on it, Rupert. Whatever may come of the future, I know my obligations.
  When you go home tonight you carry one less burden to worry about."  
"Good enough." Rupert shook his hand, and then pointed to Kurt's plate. "Try
  the potatoes, for once the cook got it right. Think the Brazilians can stop
  Germany in the World Cup? Joe tells me that last year their soccer team was
  almost as bad as their beer."  
The Perfect Day   
For Elise the day had begun normally but ended as one she would remember
  for years to come. Earlier in the afternoon Ben had dropped her off at a salon
  where he had arranged for "the works", as he explained to her without elaborating.
  The staff had taken her through a complete makeover, ending with a beautiful
  blue chiffon evening gown. When Ben returned to pick her up he was dressed
  in suit and tie. Even his ubiquitous running shoes were replaced with newly
  shined dress loafers.  
She met him at the door of the salon. "Ben! What's the occasion? They've
  been working me over all afternoon; they tell me it's all on your say-so."  
"The occasion is Just Because  day. We're celebrating
  just because I can. Just because I can put you through the torment of a makeover
  so I can enjoy the results. I hope you've been good and didn't give them a
  hard time."  
Elise carefully folded her hands in front and lowered her eyes. "I was a
  good girl, sir. The manager said you had left explicit instructions as to what
  you wanted, so I was properly obedient. There were at least three times I nearly
  kicked him but I held back."  
"Then for your patience you shall be rewarded with a night on the town. C'mon,
  we'll start with dinner." Ben turned to one side and stuck out his elbow. Elise
  took the proffered arm, holding onto her escort as they went out to the car.  
The evening began at an Italian restaurant at one of the better seaside hotels.
  Elegant didn't begin to describe the setting. Their table was secluded, next
  to a real stream that ran through the room. Once Elise was sure she saw a fish
  go by. The real surprise came when Ben handed her a menu and she opened it
  to discover that, although the descriptions were in both English and Italian,
  there were no prices.  
"I thought about a French place," Ben offered by way of explanation, "but
  truth is I really don't like French cuisine. It seems like whatever they cook
  started out as something I wouldn't go near. Italian I can get by.  
"Remember, no pork dishes, and no shellfish. You'll have to skip the marinara
  and calamari. We keep kosher now." Elise was halfway through reading the books
  Ben had given her on Kashrut  , dietary laws. He had made
  it clear they would both eat kosher so she had to learn a whole new style of
  cooking. They even had a small, separate refrigerator for milk products. Elise
  still struggled trying to keep track of what went where, especially the two
  sets of pots and utensils.  
After dinner a band set up in one corner and began playing slow dance tunes
  from the swing band era. Ben stood up and held out his hand.  
"May I have this dance?"  
Elise had no idea Ben could dance. "I'd love to," she answered as she took
  his hand. He held her close as they moved around the dance floor. The music
  was familiar but she couldn't remember the name. "Ben, do you know the name
  of this song?" she whispered in his ear.  
"It's an old Glenn Miller standard, Perfidia  . It's
  by a Mexican film composer, Alberto Dominguez. Late 1930's, I don't remember
  the name of the movie it was in. It's a sad ballad; his love is lost to perfidia  ,
  treachery in Spanish, when he finds her in another's arms."  
Elise put her arms around Ben's neck and lifted her face to kiss him. "No
  perfidy here, master. I'm not interested in anyone's arms but yours."  
She hadn't been dancing in years but it didn't take long for the two of them
  to fall into a natural rhythm. Ben wasn't the most accomplished dancer ever,
  and for her part Elise hadn't worn high heels in a while, but he managed to
  lead without running into anyone and not once did he step on her toes. When
  the song ended he put his hand on her back and led her back to their table.
  Crossing the floor she saw several of the men watching her. And why
  not,  she told herself, I'm looking good tonight. Sorry
  guys, I belong to the one that brought me. Literally  . The hairdresser
  had fixed her hair in a French braid, which left her neck uncovered. Her collar
  stood out prominently, framed by the cut of the gown. She took a perverse pride
  in knowing they envied Ben for being the one who put that collar around her
  neck.  
There were two glasses of red wine waiting when they sat down. "Don't ask
  me what kind it is, I don't know anything about wine." Ben took a sip. "Tastes
  good. I asked the sommelier to pick out something appropriate. All I can tell
  you is it's definitely not Mogen David."  
Elise picked up her glass, swirled it around and inhaled the aroma. She hadn't
  had a glass of wine for nearly as long as her absence from dancing. It had
  a slightly sweet taste, definitely from grapes ripe with sugar. She was surprised
  to see him drinking wine, since he never had anything with alcohol at home.  
"It was nice of that woman to come by and apologize, but it really wasn't
  necessary. She was worried and afraid for her husband, its understandable she'd
  say things she'd regret later. We studied about it in nursing school, patient
  stress management. I'm glad her husband is doing well." Elise paused to take
  another sip of wine. "Did you notice how nervous she was?"  
"Yeah, that struck me as odd too. She made it sound like you accepting her
  apology was a life or death situation. A bit too melodramatic."  
"I guess it all worked out. She kept looking at her husband; there must have
  been some words there. Ben, can I ask you about something she said?"  
"Sure, what is it?"  
"That day she was yelling at me, she said I wasn't real, that I'd sold myself
  to the highest bidder. When she apologized she said she didn't mean it and
  it wasn't fair to compare our relationships, but is there some grain of truth
  in there? Am I getting some kind of special treatment because I went to the
  Facility?" Elise frowned. "It's been nagging in the back of my mind."  
Ben reached across the table and held her hands in his. "The answer isn't
  a simple one. Yes it is true you got what might appear to be a special privilege
  since you went directly to a lifetime unlimited agreement with me, but that's
  offset by the fact you weren't allowed a choice in the matter. Even here on
  the Island not many people approve of the Facility's way of doing things."  
"But I did have a choice!" Elise protested. "No one forced me to come here.
  I knew the conditions beforehand. It was no secret some man I'd never met would
  come along and pick me out. I trusted the Facility to do right by me, and they
  did. I never dreamed I'd wind up with someone like you, Ben. You can make me
  do anything you want. I'll be the last one to complain."  
"Then how about I twist your arm and make you take a walk with me along the
  beach? The moon's already up, and there's nobody out there this time of night." The
  twinkle in his eyes guaranteed he had more in mind than a tour of the surf.  
"Like I said, no complaints." She knew the wine was getting to her, but didn't
  care. "You don't have to twist my arm either."  
"I'll be the judge of that," Ben replied, hiding an enigmatic grin she missed
  as he held her chair while she stood up. Hand in hand they walked out to the
  strand in front of the hotel.  
"You can take off your shoes. I don't think high heels work so well in sand."  
"Thank you, kind sir." She put one hand on his shoulder to steady herself
  while she took off her sandals. She curled her toes into the sand, still warm
  from the daytime sun.  
He took her shoes and put them down next to the retaining wall. "Now then,
  about that arm twisting."  
Elise stopped kicking up little clouds of sand and looked over her shoulder. "What?" She
  hadn't heard him clearly.  
She saw something in his hand flash in the moonlight. "Hands behind your
  back, now."  
She didn't hesitate. And he didn't either. She felt the handcuffs ratchet
  shut on her wrists. He hadn't been kidding about the arm twisting.  
"Now then," he began, rubbing a hand up and down her arm as he held her close
  to his side, "let's go down to the surf see what's happening on the beach tonight."  
Elise gave a quick tug on the cuffs to make sure they were secure. Satisfied
  he was in control she followed him across the beach, close by his side.  
The Spare Room   
"Mark, can I invoke privilege and turn a problem over to you? It's been bugging
  me all day. Hard as I try I just can't find the answer." This was the favorite
  part of the day for Cathy, cuddling in his arms in bed, talking about anything
  and everything.  
"Of course you can. Handling problems is part of my job description. Tell
  me about it."  
"Okay, here's my dilemma. Abigail, Catherine, Mary Ellen; or Jonathan, Raymond,
  Andrew. I narrowed it down to those three, depending, but just can't pick the
  right one. Why don't you decide? Or you can come up with something else."  
"Okay, names, now why don't you give me some little clue as to who or what
  is to be named? Who knows, it might even help if I had some idea of what we
  are talking about."  
Cathy grabbed his hand and put it on her stomach. "In here. A daughter or
  a son, but it's too early to tell. Or do you want to wait until the last minute?
  I can ask the doctor not to reveal the sex after the ultrasound."  
Mark shot up, almost falling out of bed. "You mean&hellip; Are you sure?
  We're going to have&hellip;. Are you okay? We have to tell&hellip;"  
Cathy started giggling at Mark's flustered half-sentences. She had been biting
  her tongue all day after she got the news, waiting for the one special moment
  to tell him.  
"I'm fine. I won't start showing for weeks. And I'm sure. We're going to
  be a threesome. Not that I would ever tell you what to do, master," she paused
  to make a face, "but you better get busy on the spare room. Hmm, make that
  the kid's room."  
"But how? When? I'm really gonna be a daddy?"  
"Now Mark, if I have to explain the how it could take all night. As for the
  when, as far as I can tell it was the night we went to see the whales. You
  do remember what happened that night, don't you?"  
Mark ran his hand over her stomach, and the new life growing inside. "Indeed
  I do remember." He paused, thinking. "Cathy, do you want to go back, for the
  baby? Back to California?"  
She put both of her hands of his, on her soon to be growing belly. "No, I
  think we'll be okay right here. I might have thought different a few months
  ago, but now I've seen life on the Island. I can raise our child and know he
  or she won't be forced into a lifestyle they might not want. Is it selfish
  of me, Mark, to want to stay?"  
He stroked her hair. "You have my permission to be selfish. We stay here,
  in our home."  
Unfinished Business   
Kurt pulled into the basement garage and parked near the elevator. It was
  late on a Friday night; the parking area was empty. "This won't take too long," he
  told Luisa, sitting next to him. "I do need something from the office, and
  it cannot wait. I want you to come with me." He got out of the car.  
Some days, like today, she just could not figure him out. First he ordered
  her to wear her old company uniform, as usual without any explanation, and
  then he dragged her back to the building claiming he had forgotten something,
  again without any explanation of just exactly what he had left behind. She
  didn't really want to come along but he hadn't given her a choice. She sighed,
  shook her head, and waited patiently for him to open her door.  
It wasn't like him to forget things. He'd had his briefcase when they had
  left at quitting time. Anything on the computer he could download at home.
  She got out when he opened her door, and followed him to the elevator door.
  While he was in front of her she took advantage of the moment to straighten
  her skirt. She knew exactly where he expected the line of the skirt to end.
  He didn't appreciate any deviation.  
They rode the car up to the office floor in silence. He kept looking at her
  with an odd expression, one she couldn't figure out. She ran over her mental
  checklist to see if she had missed anything, but couldn't come up with an explanation.
  Besides, he'd be on her right away if she had broken a rule. He may
  be a perfectionist, but I can match him any day of the week  , she
  told herself proudly. And it was a rare occasion when he caught her now. She
  knew his rules by heart. If he called her on anything she could quote his orders
  word for word. She never made the same mistake twice.  
When the elevator stopped she followed him into the corridor to their office
  door. He opened the door for her. Per his instructions she paused, waiting
  for his nod to enter. That had become a habit; she didn't even have to think
  about it. He might be polite, holding the door for her, but he was still her
  master, also giving her permission at the same time.  
Kurt left the lights off. "You stay right here," he told her. "I know where
  it is, in my desk." She still had no idea what it  was.
  She heard him open a desk drawer but couldn't see what he was doing. "There
  it is," he called out. She heard the drawer close.  
He was right, it didn't take long  , she thought. But
      then his specialty is always being right  .  
When he came out of his office she finally saw what was in his hand. "Turn
  around," he ordered crisply, "Hands behind your back, you are not permitted
  to speak. No discussion."  
Luisa didn't hesitate, quickly turning around and holding her arms behind
  her back. She knew exactly what he would do next. She heard the familiar click
  of the ratchet when he closed the handcuffs on her wrists, the same sound she
  had heard that night at the restaurant.  
He took out into the hall. She waited while he closed the door, and then
  with his hand wrapped around her upper arm he led her to the elevator. This
  is almost d&eacute;j&agrave; vu  , she thought, surely
  he doesn't intend to take me back to the dorm again?   
She had an anxious moment inside the elevator but relaxed when he punched
  the garage button. She looked up at his face, searching for some clue as to
  his state of mind. Was he mad at her? It didn't seem so, but she couldn't be
  sure.  
The car stopped and the door slid open, showing the still empty garage. She
  started forward, glancing over her shoulder for the nod before she crossed
  the threshold. What happened took her by complete surprise.  
Instead of the nod he grabbed her arm and jerked her backward, to the rear
  of the elevator car. In rapid succession he hit the Door Close and Hold buttons,
  stopping the elevator. "We have some unfinished business," he told her, his
  eyes gleaming.  
Before she could react he was on her, one hand pinning her against the wall.
  His grabbed the top of her blouse with his other hand and yanked down hard,
  tearing it open. Loose buttons fell to the floor and rolled around. Another
  jerk and her skirt fell to her feet.  
Overwhelmed Luisa started to say something, but not a word escaped. His mouth
  covered hers with an overpowering kiss. She felt his tongue pass her lips.  
Luisa closed her eyes, surrendering to his strength. She felt her bra fall
  away, followed by her panties sliding down her legs. His hands were everywhere,
  touching, caressing, demanding. She heard the zipper on his pants open, then
  the rustle of more clothes on the floor.  
His hands were at her waist, lifting her up. She wanted to put her arms around
  his neck, but for some reason she couldn't. But her legs were free, so she
  wrapped them around Kurt's hips, holding him tight while her heels pulled him
  in.  
He was kissing her neck, working her way around the collar. She tilted her
  head back, against the wall, and tried to lean forward, pressing her breasts
  into him. She kept trying to embrace him, unconsciously struggling against
  the cuffs. More than once a moan escaped as they rocked back and forth, but
  she knew, dimly, she shouldn't make a sound. Even that prohibition was forgotten
  when he came. She shuddered, gasped, and called out, "Master!"  
Epilogue   
Human societies exist for the benefit of those who are willing to live by
  its rules. When the rules, be they explicitly coded as laws or operate in the
  guise of morals imposed by peer pressure, begin to interfere to an unacceptable
  degree with that most basic of relationship, man to woman, then sanctuaries
  like the Island will appear.  
Some, like Mark and Cathy, survive in the outside world but will search for
  a better place where they can simply be themselves, accepted for who they are
  and what they believe in. Others like Luisa must be shown they need not reject
  what lies within, that they are not alone in their struggle to resolve what
  they have been taught to what they feel in their souls. And for those like
  Elise who trust to fate, they discover destiny can bring happiness.  
 
  Dramatis Personae   
Ahmed,   ship's Purser on the freighter Salsa
      Mahar   
Annie ,   receptionist a
  the Island clinic  
Joe Bardeen  , night watchman where Kurt and
  Luisa work  
Luisa Calvaho  , technical writer and undercover
  reporter on the Island  
Mrs. Dornier  , a member of Luisa's oversight
  committee  
Elise Driesler  , enrollee at the Facility  
Kurt Goeren  , Luisa's company supervisor  
Dr. Ben Jaffe  , surgeon and client of the Facility  
Jamie  , a friend of Elise's at the Facility  
Anna Leeds  , employed by island immigration,
  member of Luisa's oversight board  
John Leeds,  husband and master of Anna  
Aliyah Maktoum  , teenage daughter of Fatima  
Fatima Maktoum  , devout muslim and instructor
  for ownership program  
Tariq Maktoum  , young son of Fatima, avid soccer
  player  
Henri Mustapha  , travel agent for Isla Del Sur
  in the Seychelle Islands  
Robin  , a young woman in the company training
  program  
Paul Singh  , doctor at the Island clinic  
Cathy Sturgis  , recent arrival to the Island  
Mark Sturgis  , husband and master to Cathy  
Rupert Townsend  , accountant and member of Luisa's
  oversight committee  
Lois Vallardo  , an alias for Luisa Calvaho  
Clancy Yates  , director of the Facility  
Siobhan Yates  , wife of Clancy and teacher at
  the Facility  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





