BDSM Library - Mistress Tracey's Delight




Mistress Tracey's Delight
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wall St. Michael recalls the first meeting he had with Mistress Tracey, a meeting which instantly and forever touched his buried submissive spirit.A Session   
"I'm imagining 6 or even 12 implements of punishment&hellip; whips, paddles,
  floggers, dildos, gags, human riding equipment, slappers&hellip;&hellip;. my
  dear Michael" said Mistress Tracy reaching for her wine glass.  
The afternoon light shone though the break in the curtains. It was the kind
  of light which made it easy to see the slightest cigarette smoke or dust, this
  afternoon light was brushing my Mistress Tracey's torso and legs and the exquisitely
  tiny hairs on her sinuous belly shown magically. Mistress Tracey is a towering
  five feet nine and one half inches in her stocking feet. She cuts a magnificently
  statuesque figure in her red high heel pumps. Mistress Tracey loves to turn
  heads on her entrance to any room, and does she ever.  
"Umm&hellip;.. yummy wine! Would you like a sip, Michael? I'll bet you would.
  I'll bet you'd like to lick it out of Mommy's pussy or drink the whole bottle
  of it out of my sweet clean ass, wouldn't you, baby? You really do buy me the
  loveliest wines, Michael. And you know the best part&hellip; you just always
  think of sweet things like that without a peep from me, thank you sweetheart" and
  she raised the chilled chardonnay to her lips and took a drink with obvious,
  deep satisfaction and relaxation.  
Mistress Tracy is my prodom Mistress. She's a professional dominatrix. I
  pay her to dominate me. I have for about six years. After graduating from college,
  I came to New York and within two years, I was making more money than I'd ever
  imagined. Along with the money came new experimentations, all of which I'd
  easily handled well before, in moderation before. I dabbled in the usual guy
  sport: booze, pot, coke, cigars, cognac, late nights, great parties. But there
  was one vice which got the better of me, Mistress Tracey. This was one experimentation
  which I'd not been able to handle in moderation. I needed her. I needed to
  see her at least once a week, if not more. More than that, I needed to my core,
  I'd discovered that I needed Mistress Tracey to be me, to be the person I really
  was.  
I'd describe one part of Mistress Tracey as Veronica Lake. If you're lucky
  enough to know the amazingly sexy Veronica Lake, the woman who captivated a
  generation of men with her archetypal beauty and unique sexuality, then you
  know one aspect of Mistress Tracey. Mistress Tracey and Veronica Lake are like
  the sexy cartoon woman in Roger Rabbit or like Carmen Dias in Mask. Mistress
  Tracey is tall, that type of sinuous hair, open vulnerability and an immediate
  aura of a mysterious past about her. That's one part. There are others equally
  alluring parts of Mistress Tracey, like her milky white skin, and beautiful
  curvaceous hips, her long, long milky legs.  
I was fascinated with the idea of bdsm from the first time I'd heard of it.
  I had a very difficult time at first admitting to myself my deep interest in
  it. I'd first heard of prodoms and dungeons while out with a band of Wall St.
  buddies. It took a full two years before actually be going to a dungeon. The
  thought of my first knock on the dungeon door still makes my heart pound. I
  met Mistress Tracey at Madame Rebecca's dungeon on my second visit there. We've
  been together, that's what I call it, for over six years. After several years,
  Mistress Tracey claimed me exclusively and had me buyout myself from the proprietor
  of her dungeon, Madame Rebecca. Like many Wall St. deals, the buyout took longer
  than it should have and got more complicated as we got closer to closing. As
  the bargaining price went up, and conditions were demanded on both sides, the
  showstopper issues became mine. A certain restriction meant I needed to close
  this deal over a weekend or when I knew I was either going on vacation or had
  a light enough work week that I had time to recover. And since I'd been a pretty
  good customer, the price was high. I had to think plenty about buying myself
  out.  
"How 'bout some right from Mommy, sweetheart?" said Mistress Tracy. "Open
  for me now" and with that Mistress Tracey's head moved towards mine, her mouth
  puckered slightly and out of her mouth trickled the wine, her favorite chardonnay
  which I'd brought for her. The yellow stream was partially glancing off my
  face and mostly on to the hardwood floor where my shoulder already rested uncomfortably.
  I was bound with my custom leather-covered, steel cuffs. I was cuffed with
  my hands behind by back and Mistress Tracey secured me in an uncomfortable
  position with a bar which attaches behind by back to my ankle bracelets, wrist
  bracelets and my collar. I was bound and at her feet.  
"Show Mistress Mommy how you can vacuum that up nicely with your mouth. Get
  it off my floor so there won't be any stains, sweetheart, OK?" Mistress Tracey
  said referring to the wine which had spilled on to her hardwood floors.  
I knew that a moment's delay could bring a dramatic change in temperament
  with Mistress Tracey. Actually, less a temperament change, as her temperament
  always remains constant, but more of an instantaneous and violent behavioral
  change. Mistress Tracey is masterful with the use of surprise brutality on
  me. She didn't use it very often on me but when she does, she really does.
  She'll beat me with all her energy as fast as she can. She may stop and whisper "you
  can take this for me, Michael, you can do this for me" have a sip of wine and
  then waste every ounce of energy whipping me for another minute or two. A beating
  such as this will leave marks on me for up to eight weeks. Mistress Tracey
  could go for weeks or months of our meetings and she would comply with my not
  being marked. But then there was always the surprise violent beating which
  would last no more than a minute or two. If I did not hurry to clean the wine
  up off the floor could be just the provocation She'd use. Besides, I'd healed
  entirely from the last inflicted marks and was not anxious to have them again.  
"Michael, make that sound I like when you vacuum things up with your mouth,
  honey". I wriggled from spot to spot apparently doing the job sufficiently
  well to get a still-chilled, full mouthful of wine directly from her mouth
  to mine. Mistress Tracey had helped me right my head by taking a firm grasp
  of my hair. "Now what year is that, Mr. Connoisseur" She laughed.  
The Buyout    
After I'd been seeing Mistress Tracey weekly or more for three years at the
  same Chelsea dungeon, she informed me that I could not see her any more. Out
  of the blue with no warning, she said it. She said that she never wanted to
  see my face again there. I was told not to show up. If I did, I would not be
  let in. We had no session that day. I was asked to leave and she walked out
  of the room. I was fucking pissed and when directly into my post session bar
  for several drinks before going home.  
That was then, maybe three years ago. That's how the buyout offer started.
  A fucking buyout of myself, paid for by myself, with my own fucking cash. That
  was three years ago, but back to the present for now&hellip;&hellip;..  
.  
As I lie helpless on the floor of her apartment, my Mistress Tracy went on
  to tell me what her fancy with me was on this beautiful spring afternoon. As
  you may have already surmised, the buyout deal got done three years ago. The
  fact that I was helpless bound at my Mistress Tracey's feet was testament enough
  to that.  
"I want to play the dice game, Michael. I'll choose the way in which I'll
  have you roll the dice since yours are, well, shall we say&hellip;. indisposed!
  Michael, you'll roll the dice &hellip;..to designate &hellip;the&hellip;. particular
  instrument I'll punish you with." As She spoke She pulled a chair closer, spit
  wine one the floor, kicked off one red pump and I knew it would only be a few
  moments before I'd be cleaning her wine soaked toes with my mouth and being
  tested regarding how well I listened to her instructions.  
"If you roll a seven, Michael, we're going for a canter in the country. I'll
  bridle you up and ride you, sweet horsie.&nbsp; Maybe the promise of a good
  beating back at the barn again will give you something to look forward to will &hellip;.
  it damn well better give you some giddieup! &hellip;.&nbsp; I want to feel
  some power from those big footballer thighs, Michael, when I'm riding your
  naked ass out in the fields. When I whip that butt and thighs with my crop,
  you'll know I mean faster &hellip;g'it up those hills!' She erupted with a
  loud laugh.  
As soon as I heard the number seven, I knew Mistress Tracey may have been
  more serious about going for a ride in the country than I had initially thought.
  And I'd be the horse. Mistress Tracey was well aware of the odds of rolling
  a seven verses the odds of rolling other numbers. There are several combinations
  which total seven, a one and a six, a two and a five, I three and a four, you
  get the idea, She may very well want to ride me today. Another ride, again.  
Mistress Tracey prefers to use me in her apartment but not always. Mistress
  Tracey has taken me to her barn, a rather fabulous but remote barn, on several
  occasions. We were alone, always very alone out there. That's what the buyout
  was about, Her exclusive use of me, away from the dungeon where I had an almost
  weekly appointment with her for three years. Since the buyout, I've been serving
  her in her apartment where everything is, where I can clean and take care of
  things for her first, then please her to her liking. If we've been together
  six years, I've had the privilege of meeting at her apartment for about three
  years, three years since the buyout. But not always here, I've been to the
  barn on four occasions. Each exacting, each memorable.  
A Ride in the Country   
"I'm going to saddle you up naked, Michael. The foliage is out enough, I
  suppose, to keep us from being seen cutting through Miller's place on the way
  back from my horsie ride&hellip; it would be a shame if they saw me riding
  a naked man all nicely bridled up&hellip; you know what they'd say" and She
  tossed her head back with great self satisfaction&hellip;. "they'd probably
  say, damn that girl can still fucking ride a horse. They'd probably say I'm
  aging gracefully, maybe even calming down in my middle thirties! Sorry, darling,
  they know me too well and if they haven't seen us cantering already &hellip;&hellip;somebody
  else has. I'll doubt they'll be able to tell who you are with your eye blinders
  on though. You'd better hope they can't recognize your nut sack and cock from
  the steam room at the club" She giggled as She brought her hand to her chin,
  tilled her head back to think. "I'm going use the cock and ball bridle cinched
  up to your mouth bit today. I like the way it keeps you bent over at a constant
  angle and me nice and comfy in the saddle. Nobody will recognize you bent over
  your purple-blue fruit basket of genitals after I'm through saddling you up,
  darling. Don't worry about being recognized, Michael. You know me too well
  to fuck with that bullshit."  
"I'd worry about saving some energy for that sprint I like back to the barn,
  darling, if it's even possible that you can run at all with your balls cinched
  to up to your mouth bit like that".  
Mistress Tracey let me know from our first meeting that she owned my cock
  and balls. I always wear a chastity device, a CB 3000 which is locked and Mistress
  Tracey is the only one with the key. I'm allowed to cum in most of our sessions.
  That's only one reason why I need to see Mistress Tracey at least once a week.
  If I'm allowed by Mistress Tracey to cum in our session, that's my only sexual
  relief. But I must eat all my cum. Mistress Tracey likes to hold my cock and
  balls while I cum. She says when I met her I was a piece of shit at cuming.
  I've been trained to look deep into her eyes while my face and body goes through
  the wild convulsions of organism. Mistress Tracey was correct. I was a piece
  of shit a cuming. I have no thought of cuming without Her hands strangling
  my balls for her pleasure. To be without the galaxy of Her gaze would be pure
  emptiness now.  
The lock of the chastity device is plastic so that it's doesn't set off airport
  security devices. I could break it if need me, the consequences didn't need
  to be explained to me, however. Because of a business trip, it had been eleven
  days since I'd not been able to relieve myself. There have been several times
  in which Mistress Tracey allowed me, in fact directed me, not to wear the CB3000.
  I was required to masturbate twice a day into condoms, to keep the condoms
  refrigerated and to bring them with me in a prescription bottle on our next
  appointments. Mistress Tracey had me eat all my cum from the condoms in front
  of her then. Her words about the horsie ride and the barn whipping excited
  my cock and I could tell drips of cum were forming at the tip of my cock as
  it strained against the cock enclosure. Mistress Tracey's stream of consciousness
  script for our afternoon started to flow from her more easily&hellip;.She poured
  herself a full glass of the vintage chardonnay.  
"Then you'll roll the dice again for the number of lashes, OK Michael?&nbsp;You'll
  be thinking, wondering &hellip;.pondering the important question.... will She
  hand me &hellip;hmmm 1 die or.....maybe&hellip;.TWO!&nbsp; Two dice. What a
  difference a dice makes, twenty four little hours" she sang to the melody of
  the familiar old song. "Quite a fucking difference, right sweetie?  
Mistress Tracey bent down and started whispering in my ear. "The thought
  of 2 dice and a possible 12 whipping devices really scares the hell out of
  you, I know darling......but it just pleases me soooo&hellip;..Mommy gets so
  fucking wet, and maybe knowing I've got 12 whips to beat you with will get
  me off. If you roll twelve and I get twelve implements to punish you with,
  who cares if you get a couple of lucky rolls after that. I still haven't decided
  whether I'll beat one ass cheek or two. Mommy's getting fucking hot thinking
  about really hard whacks on each cheek. You'd better get me off, Michael and
  not a peep like last time. If I'm feeling good and fucking randy thinking about
  a horsie ride, I'll bet it will.&nbsp;I'll bet beating you in the heat of the
  barn could make me gush. Want my gushie, baby? You know it's warm out today
  but I wish it were really down right hot. Hotter than hell. I love it in the
  hay loft of the barn in July and August when I can leave you there."  
The Barn   
After the previous times when I was used as a horse for rides at the barn,
  Mistress Tracey would strip me naked and make me roll in the hay after riding
  me naked in the fields. Then she would secure me by my leather and steel restraints
  to massive barn beams in the highest, hottest part of the bar. I'd be thirsty
  as hell and itch all over. I knew better than to ask for water, especially
  then. Mistress Tracey only rarely used me for toilet. I wasn't about to tempt
  fate when her pee could be deep, concentrated yellow from the summer heat.
  We'd arrive, I'd be saddled, she'd ride me for several hours then we'd return
  to the barn. I'd be recuffed and secured to barn beams in the loft.  
Next she's take some straw and pry my ass open with it. Then she'd take the
  longest straw she could find and slowly slip each long strand inside of the
  short ones straws already holding my ass open. "Open for me, Mikey, don't be
  a tight ass" she'd whisper. I get several hard swats with the back of her fingers
  to my balls if Mistress Tracey thought I was being difficult. She'd continue
  slipping the long pieces of straw through into my ass until they broke off
  several inches from entry. Then she'd whisper, "more than ever, sweetheart,
  you know my rule, you can do it for me" and she reversed the straw so the thin
  end went in first. "Make this wet with for Mommy" and she'd drag the straw
  through my mouth. "Nice and wet now so Mommy can slip it in." Several more
  straw strands would be wetted in my mouth and used to slip the narrow straws
  into the bundle in my ass. "Good boy" she whispered before tilting my head
  sideways and loosing a large gob of spit in my ear. She held my head to assure
  Her warm spit fell inside my ear canal. I knew better than to even think about
  shaking it out. The remainder of her fluid rolled out of my ear and down my
  neck joining with the sticky hay dust and sweat which was already there.  
"Now relax and open" she said.  
"And you'll be sopping wet with sweat for my return. We'll have your sweaty
  whipping to look forward to, sweet Michael" she said to me as she walked delicately
  with one boot on down the stairs. The other boot remained by my side.  
On that visit to the barn, Mistress Tracey left me there. She went to the
  house for a swim and to clean herself of me. I swallowed her dirt and her pee
  instinctively. I didn't think. I quickly gained plenty of time to review my
  careless decision. When my Mistress Tracey left me I became awash with the
  thoughts in my mind. It proved difficult to regain the feeling of loving eyes
  and surrender.  
Sweat was pouring out of my body and I had no way to wipe the sweat away.
  My body had slowly stopped cuming and started aching. Of the three times, Mistress
  Tracey has used me at barn and left me in the heat of hayloft, she's returned
  to give me a violent beating. "You can take this, Michael, you can take this
  for me, just a minute or two for me" she'll whisper in my ear upon her return
  while grabbing my leather bound cock and balls. I had those words to help pass
  the eternity without her.  
Mistress Tracey has told me that she loves the earthy smells of the hot barn
  in heat of summer. She prefers to beat me when I'm lathered with sweat. It
  gives her powerful orgasms. Mistress Tracey has gushed on my face and my mouth,
  to relieve my thirst. This was before her urine and her dirt. She'd taken me
  to and past any and all of my pronounced and imagined limits. When she came
  on my face and mouth in the barn, I sobbed thanks and begged if there was anything
  I could do to make her happier. The words themselves made electric shock shoot
  through my balls and cum roll out of my cock in three or four slow motion gobs.  
Memories of the barn could overwhelm me.  
If Mistress Tracey did plan on taking me to the barn today, I was assured
  to have my limits extended again. But it was the late afternoon of a weekday,
  we were in the city and the odds were she was happier here. The remembrance
  of trips to the barn had almost clouded my attention on today's session.  
"But today you need to grow, Michael&hellip;.. you'll look in my eyes and
  smile sweetly at me, my darling&hellip;.that's your focus for today session&hellip;loving
  eyes again, I don't want to see your silly fear&hellip;. very sweetly, please
  don't bore me with terror, I need you to grow Michael, I want only loving acceptance
  from you today, darling. OK? No fear. Don't fail me sweet, Michael. And make
  your legs quiver again, that was ever so exciting for Mommy darling. Make Mommy
  happy with that for today!"  
I generally get to see my Mistress Tracey on weekday late afternoons or evenings.
  Occasionally, she'll tell me she wants me for weekends also. Her usual wont
  had become incapacitating me naked and thinking out loud about her pleasure
  with me that day. This afternoon in the city was no different. But having experienced
  my trainings in the barn, Mistress Tracey knew a mention of them could send
  me off into another emotional galaxy. The galaxy which She created and which
  she controlled for me.  
Numbers   
   
Mistress Tracey loves number games. How well I've come to know She likes
  numbers, number of this, the number of that. It's how the dice game got started. "You're
  a Wall St. guy, Mikie, you know how the numbers work!"  
She keeps track of "Mikie's lucky numbers" as She calls them. She keeps them
  to the stoke, sometimes even the location and harshness. I write them down
  in her book after our sessions.  
"I'll tell you how I'll decide the cheek issue, Michael &hellip;whether the
  number of strikes you roll get delivered on EITHER side or BOTH sides.&hellip;you
  know how, darling? I'm sure&hellip;..based upon &hellip; how you perform and
  please me, of course."&nbsp; &nbsp;Mistress Tracey went to where She had made
  me arrange all the hitting instruments and picked an old platform tennis paddle,
  an old heavy one from when the platform tennis had first become popular. The
  paddle was a leather-gripped, heavy, cluncker with lots and lots of square
  holes in it. 48 square holes to be exact. Mistress Tracey likes to take her
  time preparing me just so in order to see how many perfect square imprints
  she can leave on my ass. She knows this paddle is the one striking implement
  which I fear the most. I fear it more than her crops. If she were to get longer
  crops, perhaps a 4 foot crop or longer, like the ones she took me to see at
  the tack shop, perhaps I'd reconsider. But Mistress Tracey's preparation and
  position of my body, her intensity and the desire which she has for leaving
  the most possible, perfect square imprints within the giant red swelling of
  the paddle mark, fills me with fear.  
Mistress Tracey's private numbers lottery to determine my punishment in a
  session was partly developed during the buyout discussions and it works like
  this.  
Worst case, I could receive up to 144 lashes or blows in a session by rolling
  doubles sixes to begin with. This would determine that I would be punished
  with 12 instruments. Then I roll again to determine the number of strikes with
  each implement. If I were to roll double sixes every successive time to determine
  the number of strokes I'd receive from Mistress Tracey with that particular
  instrument, the total would be 144 lashes for the session, or 12 times 12.
  144 strokes is unlikely but possible. So if She desires to play, I roll once
  to determine the number of instruments which She will use on me. The fact that
  I know this number at the start of our dice game, is thanks to her kindness.
  Mistress Tracey sometimes asks if I want to see my initial roll or not. Sometimes
  She kindly offers me the choice of knowing or not knowing. Sometimes she wants
  me to know how many instruments which I will be punished with, and sometimes
  she doesn't want me to know. Sometimes She wants me to know, and she insists
  upon not knowing. After our first session of my seeing the first roll of the
  dice, Mistress Tracey cleverly understood possibility of a flaw. She would
  know how many instruments would be used. She thought her knowing this might
  influence her strictness with me. Also Mistress Tracey wanted to be surprised
  with the order of striking implements. "It's really best if I treat every implement
  of your training, as if it were the last one of the day, isn't it Michael.
  What kind of Mistress would I be if I gave you the lashes which you rolled
  for with one instrument and then discovered that our dice game was over? Not
  a very good Mistress, I'm afraid Michael. You'll never grow that way". Mistress
  Tracey wisely devised a way for me to arrange the number of implements of the
  session and for her not to be influenced at all by whether I was to be punished
  with two implements or with twelve implements, &hellip;&hellip;.. but more
  on that later&hellip;..  
"Don't worry, Michael, it will all be over soon enough, either way darling" She
  whispered as she stood over me admiring the old paddle in her hand, smelling
  the belting leather handle warn from use, lightly touching my right ass cheek
  with it. "You can take it no matter when I use it, now matter what has come
  before it or what is to come after it, no matter what I do...... I know you
  can take it. Even when you cried tears, such lovely tears, the last time. And
  you screamed even though I've taught you not to make a sound. I was so, so
  proud of you &hellip;those were first time crocodile tears with you&hellip;..my
  first really big tears from you here in the city, sweet Michael. Today, you
  must make amends for screaming the last time though. And those nasty ol' marks
  kept you from showering at the club for 6 weeks, didn't they. You did so lovely.
  That was a real break-through for you, Michael, but you were so scared. I don't
  want terror in your eyes, darling, I want to see your love this time. Do you
  understand me? Terror will tell me you didn't learn a thing and I'll just have
  to address your fear again and that won't be good at all. Not for you, anyway.
  I'm enjoying my afternoon. Do you understand? What's today's focus, Michael?"  
Without hesitation I answered as Mistress Tracey had taught me to, by being
  precise and by being brief. "I will show you only loving eyes, Mistress Tracey.
  I will not show you fear. I will be trained for my previous failure to obey
  your preference for my silence." As I said the words, a powerfully warm feeling
  of love washed over me. Mistress Tracey had raises me to a new confidence level,
  a level of love in my eyes no matter what. I saw Her eyes accept my love and
  be please. I sobbed quietly and awaited my training with a new confidence and
  loving eyes.  
The Tennis Trophy   
Mistress Tracey went on to whisper above me "if I have to mark you Michael,
  you can understand it's not going to help your tennis game, don't you. You
  won't be able to shower at the club. It will make it harder for you to practice
  tennis. I want you to win the tennis championship. I want that trophy this
  year, darling. You know how I love the head table near the orchestra on Awards
  Night and besides the evening is free for the winner! You'll take the money
  we save and buy me a new summer party dress for Awards Night &hellip;..what
  you would have had to spend on the party if you weren't the champion, but you
  will be champion this year won't you dear Michael."  
With that Mistress Tracey approached me with a kiss.... she's getting ever
  so close. I must only show her the sweet submissive love from my eyes. I must
  have Her enjoying my loving eyes which I have only for her...... there must
  be absolutely no fear. She sweetly pull my chin up to open my mouth .......
  globs of warm spit hit my eye brow, eye lashes, nose, slide over my lips and
  fall into my mouth.&nbsp; &quot;You'll be able to take it for me, darling,
  I know you can.... for me&hellip;&hellip; just for me&quot;.&nbsp;&nbsp;  
The Buyout Meeting   
"You can do it for me" became the most frequent words I'd hear during the
  weeks and days prior to the buyout.  
Three years ago when Mistress Tracey told me that it was over, when she told
  me that I must leave her and never come back, that day which she told me not
  to return, I was dumbfounded. Thank goodness I has insanely busy which my Wall
  St. business or I would have made myself nuts. Three or four days later, I
  called like I normally did to confirm our appointment. This time Madame Rebecca
  was summonsed to the phone. Madame Rebecca said "you'd better come in and see
  me, Michael". I'll never forget those words. I went that afternoon.  
When I got to the dungeon where I'd been going just about every week that
  I was in the country, Madame Rebecca had me escorted into one of the comfortable
  meeting rooms.  
Madam Rebecca came in and sat down. "Michael, I'll get to the point. Mistress
  Tracey wants to see you away from here. That means money out of my pocket,
  as you can easily understand. Mistress Tracey is happy working here and wants
  to continue. Therefore, the only way you can ever see her again, is to buy
  me out. You've been coming here for over three years. You've probably spent
  close to $50,000 here. Maybe more. Don't think you're our best customer, you're
  not. You've not even one of our better customers, Michael. You're a good customer,
  however, and I like good customers. You're a $20,000 a year customer. If you
  want to see Mistress Tracey ever again you need to buy me out."  
"I'll be reasonable", she went on to say. "The price for buying yourself
  out is one time annual earnings. $20,000 in cash. Before you get insulted that
  you're going to trade a lousy multiple, think about what you say to me. Don't
  speak is my advice. The $20,000 is just for me. Tracey wants another $2,000
  to throw a proper good-bye party for you here, with the girls, with her friends
  and me, I've been invited. I've negotiated a discount with her for your party.
  That's it, Michael. Think about it and call me after the true impact of this
  has occurred to you. I don't want you to act in haste. With that Madam Rebecca
  got up to leave the room. "Someone will come to let you out" she said and she
  closed the door behind her.  
An Extra Roll   
"Oh, I want you to role an extra time today, Michael. Another role sweetheart" She
  said putting the paddle down. "Another roll for whom you ask?" Mistress Tracey
  giggled as She raised her glass demurely to her lips and offered an adorable
  impish grin.  
I'm caught completely by surprise! Mistress Tracey next tells me I must&nbsp;roll
  for WHO&nbsp;will punish me, whether it will be herself or whether She will
  give me to someone else, perhaps other ladies friends, perhaps! I have never
  been trained in public. In Public, I am not comfortable at all with public
  and She know this very well.  
In the course of pondering and sipping chilled chardonnay, Mistress Tracey
  thought out loud.&nbsp; &quot;Maybe we should have some you fun and just go
  for drinks today&quot;.&nbsp; Where did this come from, I thought. Mistress
  Tracey then started to threaten to take me out in the public. She knows I love
  to be threatened and I started to feel more at ease. I had confessed to my
  Mistress long ago how these threats of public humiliation excited me. I could
  feel my cock straining against my chastity enclosure and tiny drops of cum
  starting to drip onto my leg. I indulged myself in thinking this would help
  me accept the pain with loving eyes as She had instructed me. I hadn't yet
  mentally transitioned from where-did-this-come-from to, more importantly, where-was-it-going.
  Mistress Tracey threaten some more. But this time a closet door opened and
  her red pump shoes were changed. Mistress Tracey had decided that we were going
  for drinks, drinks with "the ladies". She said that She was sorry to cut our
  session short, it had all come up quite suddenldy and She couldn't get out
  of it. I was given the option of going along with her. I would be her excuse
  to leave early. If I decided to go, I would still be in her command. I was
  to escort her back to her apartment after quick drinks, so I didn't have to
  worry about my cleaning shores at this moment. I would be allowed to clean
  later.  
I decided yes.  
From that moment, I obeyed. I freshened myself with a quick shower, dressed
  and we left. "I'll introduce you as an old friend, behave as your charming
  self but remain obedient" Mistress Tracey said to me as we stepped out on to
  the New York sidewalk. It was one of those first Spring afternoons when the
  air smelled sweet and people responded to the atmosphere of the newness of
  Spring.  
In Public   
Arriving inside the bar, we were seated promptly amidst a sizable waiting
  line with a group of about eight women whom I had never seen. They were all
  dress quite nicely and were noticeably attractive. Noticably attractive. Had
  we been downtown in the Wall St. area and not in West Chelsea, a pool of sharks
  would have been surrounding this group within minutes.  
I was introduced in a perfectly social manner, we ordered drinks and the
  lively conversations continued.&nbsp; How-do-you-know's, where-are-you-from's,
  how-long's, what-do-you-do's were heard throughout the mutiple conversations
  which developed. These separate conversations occurred just as in any other
  gathering of this kind. Then it started to occur to me that not all of the
  women had known each other as I had presumed. I charmingly myself into a series
  of conversations just as I expected Mistress Tracey would have expected me,
  as she had told me to do. For some reason, I just assumed that Mistress Tracey
  was going to a gathering of her friends, all people whom she knew. That was
  the impression which She gave me as we ended our session and I was given the
  option of joining her. Individuals were telling each other how they happened
  to know another person, or who their connection to the group was but no one
  said a word about why they were all here.  
I was working on the tail end of my first pint of beer and was starting to
  feel quite comfortable being surrounded by such a lively and attractive group
  of women. In the midst of the congeniality and laughter Mistress Tracey tapped
  her glass with a spoon, leaned forward to say a few friendly words to the group.  
"WHO WANTS TO BEAT MY SLAVE?  
The words instantly sent me standing straight up. I'd almost completely forgotten
  and my hearted pounded&hellip;.. Jesus. I started to stand up and She grabbed
  my hand.  
"Michael, sit down, honey, it's all right, it's all right. Sit down sweetheart.
  We're all friends here, you have nothing to worry about. Nobody's going to
  know you. Sit down. It will be alright. Do as I say".  
My heart didn't say it was all right. I could hear blood pounding in my ears!
  Mistress Tracey asked if any of the ladies would like to freshly beat the handsome&nbsp;slave
  she'd seen them all eyeing.&nbsp;The word freshly did appear to confound anyone
  in our group. I knew that it meant that I had full recovered from the marks
  left on me from several months ago. All eyes alternated between She and I.
  Lots of smiles and light hearted approval. Her fun loving associates thought
  it was a great idea and order another round to celebrate their communal agreement
  and to refine a good plan.&nbsp;  
"Ladies, I and Michael are playing our dice game today. Michael, you have
  one of the ladies roll our blue dice to see&nbsp;who goes first, please Michael" She
  said. "There's going to be great delight for the winner, I promise you ladies!" Mistress
  Tracey went on to say to their eager smiles and laughter.  
Ideas   
Then came the onslaught of ideas. Lots and lots of ideas were introduced
  without any hesitation what-so-ever. Ideas were bounced between and among the
  ladies during the short wait until our second drink arrived. Amidst the happy
  hour guests, Tracey's ladies were saying to me "say, Michael, come over here
  you hunk, let's have a good look see at that bod&quot;.&nbsp;I become the center
  of attention at what starts to look like a birthday party or welcome home party.
  A scant few heads were turning in the large seating area towards the front
  of the bar, as just a few people were wondering what's going on.&nbsp;"Don't
  worry, honey" Mistress Tracey said to me with a firm grip on my hand. "They
  think it a party amongst great friends&hellip;. And it IS!" and with that Mistress
  Tracey started a laugh which all joined.  
More the more ideas that came out, the wilder they became.  
&quot;Let's have slave bukkake!&quot; someone suggests.&nbsp; Or "lets do
  piss shots&quot; pronounces another.  
&quot;How's THAT work&quot; asks another women scrunching up her face humorously.&nbsp;  
The explanation is short but clear from a very professionally dressed, tall,
  brunette woman.  
&quot;Piss shots? Really, Azara, haven't we taught you anything?" she said
  as the group laughed in agreement. "It goes like this. We order another round
  and the disappear to the ladies room with our shot glasses&quot; giggles the
  whimsical would-be mistress.&nbsp;&nbsp; "We bring back our pee in the shot
  glass and line up the darling little glasses. &nbsp;It looks like a welcome
  back celebration for our dear friend, Michael. We've order him a shot from
  the waiter too. Michael must down a shot of ours and tell us who it belongs
  to!"&nbsp;&nbsp; The response is pure delight form the very attentive group!&nbsp;&nbsp; "If
  Michael can correctly identify the lady who was kind enough to bring him the
  shot, that is if guesses correctly, that lady is out of the game and another
  shot glass gets removed.&nbsp; If he's wrong, he belongs to the lady for pallet
  training.&quot;  
&quot;What's pallet training&quot; asks a younger lady.&nbsp;  
"Fucking Jesus H. Christ, Olivia" says someone to the ready amusement of
  all. "You, too? Come on girl!"  
Again the statuesque brunette started to inform the group without hesitation. &quot;Pallet
  training teaches slaves to recognize a lady's golden gift when he has it in
  his mouth...... and not to forget it again I might add" the woman said. "It's
  quite effective.&nbsp; Here's how it works&quot; and she starts to tell the
  attentive group.  
&quot;Michael will roll one dice, the special blue one which Tracey has provided,
  while the mistress in question disappears with a beer glass to fill with her
  gift in the ladies room. Not a shot glass either, a beer glass this time. She'll
  come back and present Michael&nbsp;with what looks like a birthday beer. But
  instead he'll be taking a nice mouth full of warm golden shower" the brunette
  said to agreeing nods from the table of friends.&nbsp; "Everyone will think
  our sweet winning lady bought him a beer. He'll take a mouthful here in from
  of all of us and the lady will take him to the adjoining room with her.&nbsp; There
  he kneels, his pants go down and he receives the&nbsp;number of strikes which
  he rolled with the blue dice. His mouth&nbsp;MUST remain wide open to show
  the lady his gift from her. He must look the mistress in the eye and swallow
  one portion after each blow. Six strikes, six swallows. On the final strike
  he must finish. If there is none left for the final swallow, he'll have to
  come back and start again."  
Mistress Tracey then stepped in and easily got the attention of all from
  the brunette. "We could do it here, but&nbsp;it's a little too early&nbsp;for
  Oliver the bartender to allow us to bind Michael to the bar with spread hands
  and feet so the room could enjoy seeing his pants go down and his ass reddened
  in public." Mistress Tracey proceeds to calmly&nbsp;tell the ladies &quot;the
  adjoining room is just fine for now, no problems, and it's just exactly what
  we ladies will &hellip;&hellip;do&hellip;&hellip;for&hellip;&hellip; N O W!&quot; Mistress
  Tracey said as she slowly spelled out the last word "now" leaving the impression
  that the proceedings were not going to be ending anytime soon. The ladies were
  giddy with excitement.  
"Oh, but ladies don't worry&hellip;..&nbsp; we will still be able to HEAR
  ...... if the strikes are loud enough&quot; Mistress Tracey laughs and raises
  her glass with all the women at the table doing likewise.&nbsp; All delight
  and giggle at this, and contribute to detailed refinements of the plan for
  me which they think would be fun.  
A fresh second round of aperitifs appears in darling colored shot glasses,
  carried by a older, congenial waiter.&nbsp; &quot;You certainly seem to having
  fun here, is it a birthday or something?&quot; the elder server asks directly
  to Mistress Tracey as he puts each drink in it proper place.  
.  
&quot;Fun, indeed, my dear Eddie&quot; Mistress Tracey says wryly...... &quot;let's
  just say it's a life altering beginning...... yes..... just like a birthday....
  you're so right, dear Eddie!&quot;  
A few of the ladies seemed to enjoy the private laugh, not so privately.
  The waiter nods and winks at Mistress Tracy. &quot;One of THOSE days, Tracey&quot;,
  he says with obvious familiarity.&nbsp; Old Eddie the waiter circles the crowd
  quickly with his eyes, then he smiles, nodes and leaves.  
&quot;Well, is it piss shots or slave bukkake, ladies&quot; Tracey asks aloud
  while the fun and voluminous chatter and commotion continues.  
&quot;Gosh, am I the only person here who always has to ask?&quot; demurs
  a Jackie, an accountant I'd been introduced to and had a short chat with earlier.
  More than several ladies appear not to know what was meant by the comment and
  Mistress Tracey seizes the moment, obviously considering this topic to juicy
  to be left to the brunette.  
&quot;Listen my sweet friends, and you shall learn" Mistress Tracey says
  deliberately while leaning forward.&nbsp;  
Mistress Tracey leans in to teach the brood......&nbsp; things quiet down
  and the ladies lean forward to engage the sparkle in Her dark blue eyes. They
  start to hang on ever word out of Mistress Tracey's lips.  
A gasping &quot;Jesus&quot; in heard in delight upon Mistress Tracey's conclusion. &quot;Eight,&nbsp;ten,
  twelve&nbsp;loads of cum spilling out of her mouth into a hospital tray?&quot; says
  Mistress Tracey in conclusion.  
"What" asks Eileen, the auburn haired attorney, in disbelief?  
&quot;Fuckin, fuck you, fuck me&hellip; are you funkin' kidding me, those
  fucks fucking repeatedly jizz in her mouth??????&quot; chimes in a thin lady
  in a flower print dress with Peter Pan collar and the girls erupt with gales
  of laughter.  
My darling Mistress Tracy then sets them up for the knock out punch.  
&quot;The woman has to take, not just ten or twelve loads of spunk from guys.
  In Japan, ladies, when a woman employee is corrected, a fucking&nbsp;whole
  company department of men will line up to cum in her mouth as she's made to
  kneel on a podium in the center of an auditorium. It's filmed by Human Resources.
  Fucking HR films the whole fucking event. They actually instruct the woman
  employee to submit her attire for this event so HR can approve it! Sometimes
  hundreds... can you fucking believe HUNDREDS of men cum in her mouth."  
Mistress Tracey continues on to the rapt attention of all, including me.  
"Before this all takes place, HR Okays the woman's hair do and attire, then
  spend an hour or so instructing her on how to behave properly. She's instructed
  on how to tilt her head back and breathe through her nose so that twenty, thirty
  or more loads of her dear working colleagues' jizz can be collected in her
  mouth at one time. Then that fucking group of wankers gather round her as she
  holds all their freshly ejaculated, warm jizz in her mouth wide open. A couple
  department heads in the group will grab the back of her head by the hair and
  wiggle it around so the cum in her mouth acts like wine which is being swirled
  in a glass before tasting. After the cum swirl, the woman creates a pouring
  spout with her lips and manager of the department grabs her hair again and
  tilts her head straight forward so the cum spills out into a stainless steel
  bed pan."  
"Then the next department lines up" Mistress Tracey says and she lets out
  a loud sigh and takes a drink from her wine glass. "The gooey cum which stretches
  from her mouth to the pan is cut. If cum falls on the woman's chin or throat,
  it is scraped up with a spoon like stainless steel device."  
"The bed pan is emptied into a huge pipette with volume markings on the side" She
  says. "Each department's contribution to the total volume of jizz is marked
  down and is a source of competitive pride between the departments. When the
  last department is finished cuming in the Japanese woman employee's mouth,
  she is allowed to stand. Some HR women, HR women mind you, take her behind
  a grass curtain on the stage and quickly refresh her make up, hair and attire."  
When HR is finished cleaning her up, the giant pipette filled with all of
  the cum is presented to woman employee by the CEO of the company her in the
  center of the stage. The pipette is about two and one half feet high and maybe
  3, 4 or 5 inches in diameter. There can be a quart of cum in it. There can
  be two quarts of cum. The purpose of cum presentation is so that the woman
  can, are you fucking ready for this ladies, drink it. DRINK IT!!!!!!!!&quot; THEY
  MAKE HER DRINK THE FUCKING CUM RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE COMPANY. And they film
  it.  
The wide eyes of every woman in the group became even wider eyes, filled
  with wonder and intrigue and astonishment and, and, and &hellip;&hellip; fucking
  sexist anger. Righteous fucking anger and vengeful retaliation!  
&quot;Now Ladies, does that sound entirely fair to you?" asked Mistress Tracey
  with a commanding air of indignation, sarcasm and humor. "Really now, is that
  fair. These poor, hard- working, Japanese women have to kneel there, kneel
  while rather nattily attired if I do say so myself, with cum stains all over
  their beautiful Hermes scarves and then drink quarts of their male working
  associates fucking cum handed to her by the fucking CEO of the company AND
  THEN FUCKING APOLOGIZE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  
&quot;Now I ask you sweet things, is that right?&nbsp; Is that FAIR????&quot; Mistress
  Tracey asked as she looked each one of them quickly in the eyes drawing to
  an obvious conclusion.  
"Michael, you don't think that's right, do you?" asked Annette, the investment
  banker while Mistress Tracey shook my wrist lightly and made an endearing sign
  for me to show obvious disapproval.  
I had read the popular book The Godfather  years before
  and I had never forgotten how I smirked in disbelief at the notion of a living
  human's blood draining from their entire live body and sphincter muscles failing
  to contain the body's urine fluids and fecal matter.  
No longer..................................  
"Take him, Annette" said Mistress Tracey. "Eddie's ready for you in the back".  
The First Meeting   
   
I'm generally allowed to cum in our sessions. I'm forbidden to cum without
  Mistress Tracey's permission, ever. Cum relief is only one reason I need to
  see Mistress Tracey each week. At least each week. And yes, I eat my spunk
  for Her. I've been well trained in Mistress Tracey's arts of "cleaning Mommy's
  joy juice" as She calls. I eat all my cum exactly as Mistress Tracey directs.
  One method of cleaning was shown to me in the moments of our first session.
  From this first meeting of Her, only the second time I'd ever stepped foot
  into a bdsm prodom dungeon, I've also warn a chastity device. It's a CB 3000,
  a cock cage and ball restraint which is locked on my cock and balls after every
  session. Mistress Tracey is the only one with the key.  
Mistress Tracey had let me know from our first meeting that she owned my
  cock and balls. "And any thing near them, Michael dear" She said at that first
  meeting gripping fingers full of ball hair before stepping squaring before
  me with a deep gaze. I heard the exciting click of Her red pumps on the hardwood
  as I stared into Her eyes. And slowing, so slowly raising up Her hand up, She
  established her confident anguish upon me. The painful stretching of my ball
  sack was closely followed by the sound of scrotum hairs ripping out of my skin
  and or breaking off in her grip. I winced terribly. "No face, Michael, show
  Mommy you take it". On those commanding words, a gob of spunk rolled out of
  my semi erect cock and onto the dungeon floor. Cum eating training had commenced.  
For then an amazingly powerful grip on the back of my neck commanded my face
  to the floor. Mistress Tracey squatted above, as if She were samurai intent
  on my death. "Clean" she said, loosening my head and throat just enough for
  me to turn my mouth and tongue to obey her. I found three gobs of sperm with
  my mouth and hastily removed them from the floor with a combination of tongue
  licking and vacuuming with a strong sucking through my puckered lips. Her grip
  and Her will were absolutely irrefutable. For the first time in my life I was
  tasting a man's sperm, my own sperm. I was still dazed by the thought that
  I'd cum, that amazingly She had loosed semen from my balls with the sound of
  Her voice and powerful command to "take it". The thought of tasting cum was
  simultaneously totally repulsive and intriguing to me. The gelatinous cum in
  my mouth was still warm off the floor. A wordless, minute nod from Mistress
  Tracey was all that was needed for her next command to me and correctly I held
  open my mouth to show Her my cum and some dust which had been sucked up along
  with the three spunk splatterings. Seeing the cum gob in my mouth, seemed to
  intensify Mistress Tracey's gaze.  
Was Her pleasure heightened the fact that I'd accidentally and, totally to
  my surprise, ejaculated upon her words and punishment? Was She more pleased
  that this type of visitation of Her power, of Her tearing the hair off of my
  ball sack, affected me so? Many thoughts of her possible thoughts raced through
  my mind. Thoughts came and passed so quickly in the mix of my pain and predicament.
  Or was Mistress Tracey exacting my fate even more.  
In the flash of a moment, Mistress Tracey had overwhelmed me mentally with
  a formidable knowledge, preparation and surprise. My surrender added to a baffled
  and confused me even more. Why was I helpless? Why didn't I fight? I could
  easily overpower Her. But She had me on the floor under Her grip and intense
  gaze. She made me lick my own cum off a dungeon floor. I looked up and saw
  the milky white of her inner thighs under her skirt as She secured herself
  over me. There were faint, wispy, golden hairs on the milk of her thighs and
  a red of her panties. The poutiness under the red panty fabric showed a transfixing
  mound, my eyes searched for the outline of her womanly gash and hair. A delicious
  curve of Her pussy mound, then the hint of slit under the panty red was seen
  slowly turning dark, spreading a dark then darker red above my face as She
  maintained a commando throat grip. The tiny darkness of red spread in both
  directions from the outline of Her pussy lips under the panty. Droplets started
  to form on the part of the fabric which was darkest yet because of the double
  panty fabric. I looked for the imprint of an enlarging clit or to confirm the
  outline of tiny pussy hairs under the red panty. I saw none. I imagined a waxed,
  smooth, hairless cunt with luscious puffy lips. I wanted to see the outline
  under the red fabric of a proud clit pushing through the fleshy shawl of excited
  inner lips. The red smoothness excited me even more. My mouth instinctively
  started to close only slightly before the sudden, rapid jolt of Her choke knocked
  the side of my head loudly off the wooden floor and Her constriction on my
  throat flushed my face blood red and breathless.  
Even the tempo of Her loosening grip helped me interpret the wordless message
  from Her eye and the hint of approval by the pursing of Her mouth. I understood
  to open, to be open, to open all of myself to Her power. My mouth opened as
  it was directed under the darkest red of the panties. My mouth received a droplet,
  then droplets. My tongue tasted the earthy saltiness of Mistress Tracey's urine
  in my mouth. The next wetness hit my lower lip and fell in my mouth, other
  drops rolled down my cheek and chin. I could feel the beginning sting of their
  saltiness on my face and neck. My eyes were transfixed upon hers, I was enthralled
  in the dance in Mistress Tracey's eyes. "Good" She said as her urine fell into
  my mouth. And other words followed. There were words which had followed after
  that but I hadn't heard them over the close trickling sound so close to my
  inner ear. I felt perhaps they were words of approval, those first next words
  from her lips after that. "Good" was so soft a whisper that came out first,
  ever so slowly, ever so approvingly, and ever so softly to but I wasn't sure
  what words She had spoken after that. I could hear the sound of her pee droplets
  in my mouth. I looked in her eyes and I strained for the second sounds which
  had passed after "good". They were gone. The words had passed and I would not
  recover their loss. I heard the loud trickle the warm piss stream falling from
  Mistress Tracey's dark panty redness into my mouth. My tongue could feel two
  textures, one of the gelatinous jism and now more of a watery warm urine. The
  sound of the stream was clear and unmistakable. "Don't drink yet, Michael" she
  said. Then the stream reduced to droplets again after that. I looked to see
  the formation of the last droplets. I wanted to lick the fabric dry. I heard
  the slight "pink, pink" sound, almost a muted crystalline splashing sound as
  the last drops of Her pee made tiny splashes in my mouth.  
"Good" Mistress Tracey whispered. The trickling sound of Her pee stream had
  an immediacy, it was so close, both inside and outside my ears. Now the warmth
  of Her piss half filled my mouth, the warmth overtook all the feeling in my
  mouth. The all encompassing warm just happened, like the cum which had fallen
  out of my half hard cock had just happened. Warm engulfed half my mouth and
  it caused me to shudder. The trickle and pursuing pee drops had filled up half
  my mouth. I took a breath through my nose. A salty half mouth. There was an
  instinct to swish and swallow. I'd never been so close to the smell of urine.
  It wasn't one smell but multiple smells. There was something akin to a pee
  smell, then the clear odor of strong urine mixed with my cum smell. They all
  entered my confused state of mind. I was awakening from the head banging into
  a jamboree of womanly choke, dancing Mistress eyes, and droplets from a seductive
  red, wet panty material above my eyes. My stupored state and half mouthful
  of women's urine and my ejaculate had been the result of Mistress Tracey's
  deliberate and exacting design. I searched Her face for approval, for a smile.
  I took a second breath through my nose and awaited another sign of what Mistress
  Tracey wanted me to do.  
"Don't close, sweetheart" She whispered as if through her eyes. "I want you
  to" then Mistress Tracey slowly moved, somehow holding my shoulders while easing
  both my head and neck to comfort. Then easing herself down, She seated herself
  comfortably on my chest as if our bodies had known how to fold together like
  this before. The inner thigh of her legs warmed my chest and her knees propped
  up my shoulders. "Feel your cum for me first, Michael." With a flip of Her
  hair she averted her gaze for the first time and casually reached for the wine
  glass on the table next to us, tilted her head back, raised the glass to her
  lips and took a big sip. "Show me" She said with the curiosity and delight
  of an adolescent girl discovering a newly found power she could have over men.
  She slipped a pillow under my head. When She was done, her panty wetness and
  legs warmed my chest, making the entirety of my body shudder again. She leaned
  closely over me never leaving my eyes. I noticed I took another breath through
  my nose, this time having gained more familiarity with the strong smell of
  urine and semen.  
"Good, Michael, you can do this for me, can't you?" She said.  
My yes was forming in a slow motion consciousness, at once both capable of
  acting but also searching for the essence of what I had become. A seductive,
  alluring, repulsive, shudder-causing mouthful and breath and smell pee and
  cum had become me. The trickle sound memory and wet Mistress pussy warmth sitting
  on my chest had also become me also. Anticipating permission to drink of Her
  piss, had become me. Responding to Her question was a slow motion car crash
  of felling and desire. I told Her with all of me through my eyes and body,
  yes. Yes, Mistress Tracey I can do it for you.  
"Show me your cum on your tongue, Michael. Good! Breath easily through you
  nose. Can you smell me? Do you smell me in my piss? Take a nice big slow easy
  breath for me. That's good. There are lots of smells of me aren't there, Michael?
  Do you smell your cum, it's floating in my pee. I'm sure you do, but I don't
  want you to confuse the smell of your jizz with Mommy, OK, Michael. Focus on
  Mommy. I want you to take just a little swallow without closing your mouth
  very much at all". I did as She wished. "I want you to feel the burn of me
  in your throat. Do you? Small drink again for Mommy. Good. Want any more?" and
  with that Mistress Tracey reached again for her wine glass, took a sip of her
  stilled chilled chardonnay.  
I could feel the pulsation of blood rushing through my ears and cock. I nodded
  that I did, that I did want more. I couldn't stop myself. I could feel my overwhelming
  sense of surrender as pure pleasure, my resistance had faded. I did want more.
  I could do this for her. I want to do this for her. I will please my Mistress
  and I will find exquisite pleasure in doing so. I was starting to relax to
  my state of human toilet and ottoman for the most exciting and beautiful woman
  I'd ever known.  
In just those first few beginning minutes, it was as though she had called
  upon our past life together to command me to her will.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Michelle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





