BDSM Library - The Old Courtroom




The Old Courtroom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mick lives in a big old house, which is a former courtroom. One day he finds an old diary written by the former owner of the house. After some boring reading of the initial pages he finds out that the woman had kidnapped a young woman and punished severely while she had her trapped in an old medieval likely dungeon. Mick is very excited reading all this and he decides to try to find the place where all this has happened if it still can be found. He plans to kidnap one or more women and trap them in this dungeon. He also plans to find a cruel and evil Mistress who will help him punishing the "poor" victims in his dungeon. Introduction  
Hi, I'm Mick and I write stories that are role-plays meaning I write a chapter
  and then my female co-writer writes a chapter. I haven't yet succeeded finding
  a co-writer for this story but I hope to find one or more interested now the
  first chapter is uploaded. Please read the last pages of the story as well
  to read more information about this issue.  
When reading the story I want you to know that I'm not a native English writer.
  I therefore hope you will excuse grammar faults and so on and just enjoy the
  story. I have written two more stories and some of the reviews for these stories
  were bad due to the language. I just hope I will avoid these bad reviews by
  telling right now.  
Here is the story, hope you like it.  
The old Courtroom  
Chapter one  
The diary.  
The big house was located just outside the village. It had a large courtyard
  in front of the house for parking purposes and so on. The huge garden was located
  behind the house. It was more like a park but Mick had removed a lot of the
  flowerbeds and replaced it with grass. This meant that he hadn't to do so much
  work in the garden as he had bought one of these broad lawn mowers making mowing
  the grass so much easier. Mick wasn't very fond of working in the garden. Furthermore
  he didn't want a lot of publicity and the more beautiful the park would look,
  the more likely people would be interested in walking in the park. The whole
  ground area for the house was surrounded by a heavy steel fence with two large
  swing gates leading visitors into the private area, using the main road leading
  up to the heavy oak entrance door located in the middle of the house.  
Mick was the legal owner of the house. He had bought it after he came into
  a fortune when his father died some years ago. His father left him so much
  money that work just was for fun and not a necessity. When he didn't feel like
  working it was no problem for him as his fortune would last at least for the
  rest of his life provided he didn't do something stupid. He actually didn't
  spend much money as he liked to enjoy being able to life in this big house
  all alone.  
The house was an old courtroom from the beginning of the 18th century but
  it had been closed down long time ago since the court had been moved to a more
  central place as the government didn't want to spend money on a lot of relatively
  small courtrooms. Mick had bought the house after the old lady who owned it
  died. She was the daughter of the last judge who lived in the house. Her name
  was Jennifer Smith. She had lived a retired life with almost no contact to
  the local people. She actually looked like the kind of person that didn't want
  any contact at all, so they just avoided talking to her. Even the kids were
  afraid of meeting her but she seemed to be quite harmless as she never did
  anything to them save for shouting at them if they irritated her.  
In the age of 52 she was judged guilty of severely whipping a 28 years old
  woman. It was in 1951. The woman was found in a miserable condition in an abandoned
  house in a forest close to the village. The whip used for the cruel punishment
  was found in the house and the evidence against Miss Smith was so strong that
  she was judged guilty by the jury and sentenced to prison for ten years. After
  being released she lived an even more retiring life and in 1982, they found
  her dead in the house with no family left to take care of her.  
Mick bought the house shortly after her death. It took a while to get rid
  of the smell of the dead woman in the area where they found her, but this was
  not a problem as he could just live in the rooms far away from this area. Mick
  really loved this house as it had a lot of rooms and this dark secret making
  it something special.  
One day he was working I the basement. He had always loved to stay in the
  basement&nbsp; as he had read in some old papers that the prison for the criminals
  awaiting their fate had been located in this area long ago. All cells had been
  removed but it still was possible to notice where some of them had been located.
  The cells had been occupied by both women and men during the active duty of
  the court room. It was a bit strange walking in a area, which was hiding the
  spirit of a lot of criminals who were in the hands of the judges and the juries
  responsible for judging them guilty or not guilty.  
Mick was doing some changes in the basement and among other things was drilling
  holes for fitting some new shelves on the wall. Suddenly the drill didn't go
  any further and it became extremely hot while smoke began to escape from the
  hole from the drill. The drill was made for using in concrete so it must have
  hit something other than concrete or stone. He decided to find out what it
  was and started to remove the stone and concrete around the hole. After some
  hard work he found a part of a steel plate which after some more work and removal
  of concrete and stone turned out to be the door of a medium size safe. Now
  he really was excited and curious to find out what was inside this safe. It
  wasn't a code safe as it only had two key holes. It obviously was the type
  of safe for two people to operate, so they both would have their private key
  and then the safe could only be opened if both keys were in the keyholes. Of
  course, he did not have the keys for the safe and so far had not found any
  old keys around the house and the area outside the house. But he was keen to
  do some more searching before deciding to drill the safe open. He knew it would
  be hard work and if he found the keys he would be able to use it for other
  purposes.  
After trying how hard the steel for the safe was by making a test drilling
  with a metal drill he decided to wait until he was absolutely sure he would
  never find the keys for it. He was sure it would be hard work opening the safe
  this way as drilling this tiny hole had taken him more than fifteen minutes.
  Furthermore he knew he would have to drill a lot of holes before he would be
  able to open it as he had no drawings telling him where to drill. As he was
  extremely curious to find out what was hidden inside the safe, he decided to
  hide it behind a cupboard to make sure nobody would see it if they ever visited
  him in the basement.  
Mick searched for the keys for a long time and he was about to give up all
  hope finding them until one day by pure luck he found them. He had bought the
  house with all the furniture as nobody was interested in buying or removing
  it. He had sold some pieces as in his opinion they were too ugly to save. One
  piece of furniture he had kept was a large bureau with a lot of small and large
  drawers as well as small cabinets and bookcases. It really was a beautiful
  bureau with a lot of nice carvings. One day he lost balance and had to lean
  against one of these carvings. As he did this he heard a loud click and the
  carving at the opposite end of the bureau opened revealing a small drawer.
  In this drawer two keys were located and Mick had no doubt where to try these
  keys.  
He almost ran down the stairway to the basement and removed the cupboard
  hiding the safe. He put the first key in the keyhole for the safe and tried
  it. A little disappointed he found out that it couldn't be turned but he still
  had the other keyhole left. Extremely excited he put the key in this keyhole
  and tried once more. A silent click was heard telling him he finally had found
  the answer. Extremely excited he took the other key and tried the other keyhole.
  He was quite sure it was the right key but he still was excited to find out
  if he was right. A similar click was heard and while stopping breathing he
  opened the safe extremely excited to see what was inside.  
Mick was a bit disappointed to find out what was inside the safe. It only
  contained a large book. The title of the book was "Jennifer Smith's diary".
  What a disappointment! He had been looking for the keys for the safe for so
  long and all he found inside was a boring diary. He turned over the leaves
  to the first pages with her writing and began reading.  
" Dear finder of this book,    

 When you find this book I will probably be gone leaving no family
      or friends. Initially I planned to destroy this book before leaving this
      world but I decided to leave it behind as it is of no matter now. It won't
      do any harm if you read it as it won't change what really happened, though
      you know the secret. Now it will be your choice if you think it is necessary
      to make it public or you just to let it remain our secret. You might find
      some of the book boring but if you continue I promise you will find some
      parts of my diary very interesting. Before deciding to leave this world
      I planned to read it all once more and I still don't regret anything written
      in this book. I wish I could see you reading it but this isn't possible,
      at least not physically but who knows; maybe I'm looking at you right now
      as nobody knows what happens on the other side of our life on earth. If
      you are like me I actually think you will let it remain our secret and
      you will busy be searching for a certain place because you want to see
      it with your own eyes. Right now I think you are a little disappointed
      because the safe didn't contain any money or jewels and I'm sorry to tell
      you that I think you will be even more disappointed if you try to find
      the secret place I'm talking about. I have decided to let this remain my
      secret and I don't think you ever will have luck finding it like you had
      luck finding the keys for the safe. This safe is one of the most difficult
      to open without the right key, so I am sure you would have found them.
      The manufacturer has told me that this safe is almost impossible to open
      without keys as it has locks both at the front and the end wall making
      it extremely difficult to drill it open. If had succeeded in destroying
      the front lock it still has locks at the end wall of the safe that will
      both block the hinges from opening the door and still keep the door blocked
      by a lot of steel rods that can't be seen from the outside of the safe.
      Furthermore it is merely a part of the wall meaning you have to remove
      most of the wall to remove it. And this will be difficult as a part of
      the wall you have to remove carries a part of the floor above the wall.
      I will now leave you and let you begin your reading. Remember to read it
      all though some of it will be boring but if you want to know the secret
      it is necessary. Love from Pat Smith"   

Though Mick was disappointed he couldn't help being curious again. He decided
  to keep the book in the safe while not reading it until he knew the secrets
  that she was talking about. He didn't want anybody to know about it before
  he knew about the secrets she was talking about. As he didn't expect any visitors,
  he decided to bring the diary with him to the library in the house and read
  it while drinking a nice old cognac and a cup of coffee. He even thought about
  turning on some relaxing music to make it more enjoyable for himself.  
&nbsp;Well seated in the library he opened the diary again and started reading
  it. Pat was right when claiming that some of it was boring. Just listen to
  this.  
"The 25. of July, 1949; &nbsp;I started the day with removing weed
      from the flowerbeds. It took me more than four hours to make it looks like
      I wanted it to look. In the afternoon I went downtown for shopping. I didn't
      speak to anybody the whole day, though a few in town tried to make contact
      but I prefer being alone with no contact at all. If I start talking they
      want more. It's good that the kids fear me though I would never do them
      any harm, but as long as they are afraid of me they leave me alone"   

It wasn't exactly the kind of reading that makes you excited but he had to
  move on in order to find the secrets she was talking about. After reading about
  twenty pages similarly to the one mentioned above he was beginning to be afraid
  that she was pulling his leg. Maybe it didn't include any exciting secrets
  at all. Anyway, it was a bit exciting to read something written by a woman
  who had committed suicide. Then he found something interesting after reading
  about one hundred pages.  
"The 1st of June 1952  : I went to a city
      100 kilometers from my hometown in order to have fun and do some shopping.
      As I like riding my bike I decided to go by train and ride the bike the
      last 10 kilometers from the railway station to the town. It really was
      nice weather for this and I enjoyed the trip. As it had been raining my
      tires on the bike were soiled with mud when arriving in town. I walked
      down the main shopping road stopping at all the interesting shops. While
      looking at the nice dresses through the window of a dress store, by accident,
      I hit the legs of a young woman with the front wheel of the bike and thereby
      I made her trousers soiled. God in heaven she went mad. This slut (I mean
      slut though a lady like me normally doesn't use these kinds of words) verbally
      abused me, using the most dirty words imaginable. But this wasn't the worst
      part of it; after finishing her verbal abuse she spit at me hitting my
      face. There I was standing with her salvia running down my face. I guess
      she could see it did something to me because she quickly disappeared again
      leaving me alone with her filthy salvia running down my face. I don't think
      I have ever felt so humiliated and degraded in my entire life. I still
      could remember her face and I swore that if I ever got the chance I would
      severely punish her for this disgusting act. I didn't want to do anymore
      shopping after this awful experience and I therefore went home again."   

Mick hoped that she would soon find her again in order to read what she would
  do but after a lot of pages he had found nothing interesting. He read a lot
  about garden, house keeping, shopping, paying bills, and boring sight seeing
  and much more extremely boring reading and he was about to loose hope again
  when he found something interesting again. It actually was very interesting
  reading.  
" 24th of March 1953: I decided to do one of my nice shopping trips.
      I drove about 200 kilometers to a nice middle sized town with a lot of
      excellent shops. I never thought that this would be my lucky day. While
      walking through the street of shops a nice looking woman approached me
      and started talking    

"Hi, sorry to disturb you but I would be happy if you would let
      me ask you a few questions concerning shopping. I'm a free lancer and I'm
      presently doing some research concerning shopping practice for a firm&nbsp; to
      find out what is good and what is bad. You look like an upper class woman
      and I still need some information concerning the upper class and shopping"   

My heart almost stopped beating; it was her!!!! I had finally found
      her again by pure luck. I never had forgotten her face and now I was standing
      in front of her again. As it was very cold I had covered the lower part
      of my face to protect it from the cold air. I was sure she hadn't recognized
      me but I certainly had recognized her! Now I had to think quickly and answered
      her   

"Why not? I love to talk about shopping. You look cold. Let us
      take a comfortable seat in my car? I have hot coffee in the trunk. I have
      some sandwiches as well.&nbsp; I'm sure it will make you feel better." I
      said to her.   

"Oh, that would be nice. Just show me the way!" she answered me   

I made sure we were talking all the way to my car in order to make
      sure she didn't look that much at it. I just opened the door to the back
      seat and told her to have a seat, then I would join her with coffee and
      sandwiches shortly. She told me she would like to have sugar in her coffee.
      I prepared two cups with coffee in the trunk. I poured a generous amount
      of my sleeping medicine in her cup and used some sugar to make it taste
      normal. I first handed her a sandwich and then the coffee making sure she
      got the right cup. It would just be stupid if I by accident drank the coffee
      containing sleeping medicine.    

"Please enjoy it. We can talk while eating and drinking" I said   

I knew it took about ten minutes before it worked and I asked her
      a lot of questions during this time.    

"I want to surprise the firm I'm working for. They don't know I
      am in this town. They have only paid for three towns but now I make it
      four for the same price. Then I hope they will call on me next time they
      need a free lancer. I have switched off my mobile phone as I don't want
      them to call me. Even my family thinks I am 400 kilometers south. I know
      it is stupid but I just want to be all alone doing this last part of my
      job. I have found a miserable house just outside the city. It looked like
      nobody was living in it and I was right. I don't think the owner mind if
      I live there for a few weeks. I have no money for hotels anymore. If I'm
      careful I will have enough money for food until I have finished my work" she
      told me.   

It was just perfect. Nobody knew she was here and I had a secret
      place about 200 kilometers from here. If I did it right she could easily
      disappear with no trace at all. I had done some sight seeing in this area
      and I was quite sure I knew the house she was talking about. It had a beautiful
      location and I had actually been thinking that it might be an idea buying
      it. I hoped so badly that I was right otherwise I had to find out later
      to get her luggage and so on to hide any traces from her.   

"You have to be careful" I told her "There are a lot of maniacs
      out there and if nobody knows where you are you can easily get into trouble
      and nobody would know where you are" I warned her looking excitedly at
      her. I wondered when my sleeping medicine would start working. She had
      already drunk more than half of her cup of coffee. She seemed to enjoy
      it, so she wasn't able to taste the medicine I had poured into it. I was
      afraid it would soon start to work before she had emptied her cup. I therefore
      tried to encourage her to drink it all.   

"Please finish this cup of coffee and I'll get you another one.
      You really look cold and it must be nice to drink something warm." I said
      to her.   

"Sure, you are so kind to me. I have met some jerks today but you
      certainly have been kind to me" She answered smiling at me.   

After emptying her cup of coffee I continued talking to her. She
      began to answer me slower and her voice became weak and tired.    

"I feel so tired, I'm sorry but it is like the coffee made me tired.
      Normally it makes you feel better but it is likeeeee itttt is diffffeeeereeent&hellip;.aaa&hellip;what
      isssss thiisss&hellip;zzzzzz" She stopped talking.    

I placed her lying on the backseat of the car. She was sleeping
      like a baby and she felt nothing while I moved her around. I didn't fasten
      the seatbelt as I wanted her to remain out of sight when driving her to
      my secret place. I was extremely careful keeping to the speed limits during
      my trip as I didn't want to be stopped by any police car. I was in no rush
      as the sleeping medicine would last at least twenty four hours. I had been
      very generous as I had given her double the normal amount to be sure I
      had the time needed to prepare her. I was right concerning the house she
      had told me about and I quickly removed her luggage and I cleaned up the
      place to make sure nobody would find any traces that indicated that somebody
      had been there."   

"What is this?" Mick was thinking. "She is writing about preparing her and
  a secret place. What in heaven does she have in mind" he thought almost shivering
  in excitement to find out what this was about. He turned page and continued
  reading after a nice sip of his cognac.  
"As I have decided to leave this diary behind no matter what happen
      I think it is time to tell you a secret about me, , my sweet reader of
      this diary. I'm sorry I can't see you right now"   

Mick almost stopped reading. It was like she was talking to him. He looked
  around the room though he knew that well that it wasn't the truth but it really
  made him feel strange. Feeling better that he knew he was alone he continued
  his reading.  
"I have my entire life been dreaming about having my own "pet".
      I don't like men that much but my favorite fantasy has always been to have
      my own slut "ready" to serve me in all ways no matter what I have in mind.
      Now I could do it for real. I just had to be careful not telling anybody
      about her. When she is stored in my secret cellar located a place where
      nobody ever would look she will totally be in my mercy and there will be
      absolutely nothing she can do about it. Dear reader, I have to tell you
      one more secret; while writing this for you I can feel my juices flow between
      my legs. All this is written after it has been done and I am happy to tell
      you that it will be even more exciting and bizarre. If you like dominance
      I am sure you will love it, otherwise you might find it a bit disgusting
      and unacceptable but like my newly "adopted" pet there will be absolutely
      nothing you can do about it. Now it will be your decision if you want to
      turn page and continue the reading or you just burn this diary. But I warn
      you; you will find out that this high society lady, as I am, really has
      been hiding a dark secret all these years, which I think you never would
      have guessed had you known me"   
Mick was beginning to be extremely excited. All the boring reading almost
  made him stop reading her diary and now it really looked like it could be very
  interesting. A secret cellar!!! He almost couldn't wait to read about this
  cellar to find out how it was arranged and to find out what happened to this "poor" girl.  
"As I was careful keeping the speed limits I had no problems driving
      to my secret place with my newly acquired treasure. I parked the car out
      of sight of any curious people and prepared the cellar for my pet. I knew
      it would be hard work to get her down the stairs to the basement deep underground.
      I actually had tested how sound proof it was by equipping it with a relatively
      large receiver and a couple of loudspeakers. I turned on the music at high
      level and then I left the basement closing the heavy trapdoor completely
      hiding the entrance in order to make sure that nobody would notice it if
      they found the place. Furthermore the trapdoor was operated by a panel
      hidden in the wall and I had a few more precautions to make sure this place
      would remain my secret. The sound test really was encouraging as I could
      hear nothing no matter how much I concentrated. All this meant that if
      I kept a pet as my prisoner in this cellar and she cried as loud out as
      loud as she could nothing would be heard outside the cellar."   

Mick was both excited and a little scared as I had the feeling that this "poor" woman
  really had suffered. He just had to read more to find out if she had suffered
  more than she deserved.  
" It really was hard work to carry her down into the cellar. I
      had read on her id that her name was Pat but I initially decided to call
      her slut as this was what I felt for her. I first carried her to the secret
      trapdoor and I had to make some arrangements for lowering down in the room
      located above the main trapdoor leading to my fun area. I tied her hands
      behind her back and secured them to her waist. Then I tied a rope around
      the upper part of her body between her arms and her torso and used this
      rope for lowering her down the middle room between the cellar and the floor
      of the basement in the house. I was careful not doing any harm to her while
      doing it. I didn't want to damage her before the fun began. I entered the
      room myself and opened the main door to the lower hidden basement. Behind
      the trapdoor hiding the cellar deep below me I had mounted a heavy rind
      for lifting purpose. I used this ring for lowering her into front room
      of the cellar. I had placed a trolley below the stair leading down to the
      cellar and she just lay on the trolley like a sack filled with clothes.
      I closed the main trapdoor for the cellar and then I wheeled her into the
      cruel area of this cellar"   
Now Mick really was excited. He was about to be told her deepest secret and
  it certainly didn't sound boring at all. This was like reading a crime novel.
  The major difference was that this was for real and it really made it different.
  He almost felt his body shivering feeling cold when thinking about how it would
  be when Pat awoke in this cellar. He was very excited to read how she react
  when she awoke because he was quite sure she wouldn't be dressed like she was
  when entering the cellar.  
"Dear reader, I can imagine that you are very excited to enter
      the secret area with me. There is a lot to tell but I think the best is
      just to give you a basic overview and then tell you more when needed. Initially
      I can tell that the place you are now entering is hiding a dark cruel history.
      In the courtroom I and you have owned a few people made a secret lodge
      just named the Circle. The Members of this lodge had sworn that criminals
      would always be punished in accordance to the crime they had committed.
      This was fair enough but the scary part of this promise was that many didn't
      consider death a fair punishment. Therefore they made a secret prison for
      these criminals. If the members of the Circle during a meeting agreed that
      death would be too easy for a specific criminal they were sentenced to
      years in this cellar, sometimes even lifetime. The secret prison was made
      for both male and female prisoners. After reading some of the treatment
      they had to endure in this cellar I'm sure they wished they were dead but
      they just had no choice. Officially they just had fled before the execution
      and then the Circle had taken over. The period in this cellar was just
      one long period of punishment in all thinkable and unthinkable ways for
      the poor criminal. They had absolutely no rights and the sadistic guards
      and so called doctors really seemed to enjoy treating them worse than animals.
      I don't think I will be that cruel to Pat but she certainly will feel the
      atmosphere that had existed in this cruel prison with no chance of escape
      at all. These poor criminals were kept out of daylight for the rest of
      their life while they had to endure extreme pain, humiliation and degradation.
      The members of the Circle abused them in all manners of ways including
      severe rape in order to satisfy their bizarre sexual desires. The members
      of the Circle were quite good to find their weak spots and then the treatment
      involving these weak spots became the specialty of this prisoner.    

I wheeled Pat into the large cell area. During the medieval times
      the capacity was huge as it sometimes had had more than thirty prisoners
      all kept in different cells and cages when not being treated badly. I wheeled
      her to a cell for three prisoners and entered the cell through the heavy
      barred steel door. Inside the cell there was not much furniture. It consisted
      of a concrete floor with damp concrete walls and ceiling. All around the
      walls, ceiling and floor different rings were mounted for restraining the
      prisoner and from some wheels located at the ceiling chains were hanging
      as well as some of the rings had heavy chains mounted some of them with
      manacles and broad cuffs for the feet as well. When I found the place all
      of it was quite rusty hanging in the damp cells for so long but I had done
      some maintenance in order to make it all work again. At the end wall of
      the cell three heavy floors to ceiling cages had been located. The space
      inside the cages was adjustable making it possible to decrease the space
      so much that the cage so that all the room left for the prisoner was to
      stand with almost no ability to move. At the ceiling of each cell a chain
      hang from a pulley and this chain could be lowered and raised from a hand
      operated winch located outside the cell beyond the reach of the prisoner.
      Thereby you were able to adapt the position of the prisoner inside the
      cages, without entering the cell. I wheeled my new slut to the middle cage
      and let her roll down onto the floor. I enjoyed the sleeping slut for a
      while and then I began preparing her.    

First I stripped her totally nude revealing a well trimmed pussy.
      I decided to let her keep her pubic hair until she was awake. I wanted
      her to feel how humiliating it would be when I shaved her smooth like a
      baby this place. After some thinking I decided to "dress" her in steel
      during her first days in this cell. I had found a lot of nice equipment
      in the storage rooms in the prison including head cages, spreader bars,
      steel chastity belts with or without spikes on the inside of the curved
      steel plate for mounting between the legs, a huge amount of different shaped
      wood and steel dildos also with or without spikes and other differences
      to make them "enjoyable" for the victim having the fortune to be plugged
      with it in one of the two or three holes that could take it depending on
      if it was a male or a female prisoner. Furthermore it contained a huge
      amount of different restraints for the prisoners. I had added some equipment
      as I love rubber and latex punishment as well. Therefore I have bought
      a huge amount of different rubber clothes, hood and boots, some of them
      transparent and some of them made by shiny, black exciting rubber for totally
      sealing the slut. They all were one size meaning some of them really would
      fit like a glove and other would be like wearing a dress with too much
      fabric. Furthermore I had bought an assortment of different gags going
      from heavy ball gags to head harnesses totally covering the lower part
      of the head or maybe even the top of the head. In addition, I had bought
      some heavy collars with a lots of shiny rings mounted on them. I had made
      some of this equipment myself as it wasn't so easy to acquire,   



I had of course used both leather and rubber in creating the equipment.  I
      enjoyed her well trained body for a while and took the time to have a closer
      view of her relatively large breasts and her cunt. I enjoyed the smell
      of both female and piss while examining her cunt. I used a pair of latex
      gloves in order not to soil my hands with her dirty piss and cunt juices.
      Then I decided to continue. I certainly didn't want her to wake up before
      she was "dressed" in a nice set of heavy steel restraints.    

First I locked a pair of broad steel cuffs around her feet and
      a pair of broad manacles around her hands. They all had a length of heavy
      chain attached. Then I locked the heavy steel belt around her waist; it
      had slots for mounting the curved crotch plate. My choice of steel plate
      for her private parts was a type without spikes. I wanted to start slowly
      but in order to still make it interesting for her I poured some itching
      gel all over her cunt and ass hole. I had made it myself and it really
      worked. I tried it on one hand and it was almost impossible to stop the
      itching no matter how much I cleaned it. I was sure it would be "enjoyable" for
      her to have between her legs with no chance to touch it though she still
      could reach her private parts. I locked the curve crotch plate tightly
      into place making sure it irritated her when she awoke. It really was a
      nice sight. It had tiny holes at the front making it possible to pee and
      it had a relatively large hole located over her ass hole. This construction
      made it possible to let her wear it for any length of time. She really
      looked beautiful in this belt. I knew it would be quite unpleasant to move
      her hips while being locked into this belt but this would be her trouble.
      Furthermore I was sure the never ending itching would cause her a lot of
      distress. While testing it I noticed that moisture increased the itching
      and therefore I was sure it would work as a woman normally is quite wet
      in this place. Peeing would really make it itch like hell and I was sure
      she would find out about this too.   
Then I produced the heavy steel head cage and locked it tightly
      around her head. It had a hole in front of her mouth and heavy steel bands
      for surrounding the head and a steel collar to be locked around the neck
      making any removal impossible without the key. I locked the chain from
      the ceiling to the ring located at the top of her head cage. I placed her
      on a wood construction with a back rest as well I didn't want her to be
      cold leaning against the cold damp cell wall and sitting on the concrete
      floor. I didn't put a gag through the mouth hole though the set consisted
      of various gags as well that could be locked into the hole making it even
      more unpleasant to wear the cage.    
Then I took the steel bra with the two steel cups for the breasts.
      Each had a hole for the tit and as they were pretty small she wouldn't
      be able to avoid them pointing out proudly, just begging for treatment.
      I made sure it was tightly fitted on her making the steel bands cut into
      the flesh and the cups squeezing her breasts to fit into it. I had coated
      them with the gel as well making sure they would pop nicely into the cups
      and to make her breast itch as well.    
Now I was almost through and all I needed was to connect the chains
      from her restraints. I locked her hands with a short length of chain to
      her waist belt. Then I connected her feet together with a short length
      of chain with a cross chain mounted. I locked the cross chain to the ring
      located at the bottom of her crotch plate and made sure it was short enough
      so that she couldn't fully stretch her legs. I knew from some tests I had
      made myself that if you are unable to do something then you really want
      to do it. I knew she would quickly be anxious to stretch her legs fully
      but she would just have to wait until I would let her do it. The last thing
      I did to her was to put the outer rings on her feet cuffs through her rod
      and then I locked these rods to rings mounted in the floor. I locked them
      so they were shaped in a V pointing towards the entrance door of the cell.
      This meant that if she wanted to close her legs she had to move forward.
      This was only possible if she was standing as the short chain locked to
      her head cage prevented her from doing it in sitting position. I knew that
      walking would only be possible in an awkward manner due to the cross chain
      from her feet restraints making it impossible to fully stretch her legs.
      Furthermore the heavy chain from her head cage would stress her neck making
      it more unpleasant. This meant that she would only be able to maintain
      this position for a short while before she had to sit again forcing her
      to spread her legs again. I was sure she would complain greatly after a
      short while like this.    

My plan was to keep her like this at least five days making her
      beg for release and to have a bath as she would probably smell like a pig
      being soiled with her own waste. I let her cage door remain open as this
      would make it possible for me to watch her through the one way windows
      I had mounted in the entrance door to the cell area so that I could watch
      without her knowledge. I operated the winch located outside the cell making
      sure she was sitting like I wanted her to. I enjoyed the sight for a while
      and took the time for squeezing her tits between two fingers for a while.
      I quickly stopped again as I had the feeling she almost awoke while I was
      doing it. Instead I poured some gel on her nipples and massaged it into
      them making sure they would itch as well. They would be the only parts
      of her itching skin she would able to touch but I knew that scratching
      would only mean they would be very sore in soon making it hurt like hell
      each time she touched them. I certainly wanted her to be alone when she
      awoke giving her all the time she needed for investigating her condition
      and restraints. Then I left the area after switching on the microphone
      I had installed in the cell so I could listen to her complains in the living
      room of my secret place. It was quite expensive equipment in the 50ties
      but I really wanted to be able to listen to her complains. My secret place
      had rooms for normal living as well, enabling me to stay close the basement
      area holding my newly adopted pet.    
I went to my living room and after making myself a nice cup of
      coffee I took position in my favorite chair with a good book awaiting her
      wake up. It was pretty hard to concentrate as I was extremely excited to
      hear her complains when she found out what was done to her and she furthermore
      discovered that nothing could be removed without the right keys or heavy
      tools. She had none of these and she therefore just had t wait until I
      was ready to join her. I couldn't help rubbing my clit thinking about how
      exciting it would be to make this worthless slut pay for her mistake. Just
      to think about the discomfort she would feel inl her private places really
      did something to me"   

"God in heaven, this really is something" Mick thought while having a sip
  of his cognac. This high society lady has hidden this secret all time and now
  he had found her diary. She really wanted somebody to find it after she had
  left this world. Sometimes it really felt like she was telling it herself as
  she was sitting in a chair just beside him telling all this. Mick couldn't
  help wondering where this cellar was located if it still existed. He decided
  to try to find it later but first he had to know more about what happened to
  Pat. He especially was excited to read about her reaction when she awoke dressed
  in heavy steel. As he thought about all that he could feel the juices begin
  to flow between his legs making his underpants wet and greasy. It felt like
  he was about to explode in excitement. He decided to change to a more comfortable
  jogging suit instead of the tight jeans, which left almost no room for excitement.
  Furthermore it would be easier to masturbate if he felt for it as he already
  did.  

" The 2nd of June 1952: The slut kept on sleeping all night. I
      visited the area a couple of times before I decided to go to bed. I slept
      in the living room as I wanted to be sure that I heard her when she awoke.
      It was about seven o'clock when noises to me that she was awake.&nbsp;   
"What is this? Who has done this to me? I order somebody to come
      here and release me immediately! You have no right to keep me like this.
      Ohhh, what is happening? This awful itching! What is this? I can't scratch
      it and it is just unbearable! HALLLLLLOOOOOOOOOO, WHERE ARE YOU? RELEASE
      ME FROM THIS!" the slut was crying out loudly.   

Dear reader, I can imagine that you have been wondering if it is
      possible to find my secret place. I'm sorry to tell that it won't be possible
      as I have made sure it will remain my secret. The Circle kept it secret
      during the medieval time and a lot of prisoner just "disappeared" to a
      life in this area. As they were able to keep it as a secret until they
      decided to close it I'm sure it will be possible for me as well but I promise
      to tell you almost all about it. If you still are with me I have the feeling
      that you have the same desire to be in control as I had."   

Mick stopped reading. "How does she do it? It is like she is reading my mind
  though she isn't alive anymore." He thought feeling a little scared but excited
  as well. He continued reading the diary.  
"I dressed in my favorite leather suit making me look like a real
      Mistress. I buckled the broad leather belt around my waist and attached
      the leather whip at the right side of the belt. Then I walked to the cell
      area and went down the cellar. I took position in front of the door to
      the wall hiding this cell area and looked through the one way mirror. Inside
      I saw a desperate woman dragging in her restraints and trying to scratch
      both between her legs and on her breasts. She stood in this awkward position
      within the limitations of her restraints standing like a woman prepared
      to shit in the forest. I couldn't help laughing. After a while she got
      tired in her legs and she moved backwards gradually spreading her legs
      due to the rods positioned in a V-shape on the floor. Then she took position
      on the hard wood seat again and tried to get some rest in her aching legs.
      She cried out all time trying to order somebody to release her."   
" I enjoyed her struggling for a while. It really aroused me sexually
      to see how she tried to scratch back and to see all her useless attempts
      to get rid of her "nice dress". I couldn't help thinking she was a little
      stupid doing it as it should be obvious to anybody wearing these steel
      restraints that it couldn't be removed without the right keys or by using
      heavy tools. Furthermore her attempts made her body glisten with sweat
      as I had turned on the heating in this area. I didn't want her to be ill
      due to the cold damp cells and therefore I had decided to heat this cell
      area. During my preparation of the prison area I had installed heating
      as well. I'm not exactly the plumber type but I had no choice as I didn't
      want to show this area to anybody. I had installed electricity as well.
      I did order an electrician to install some switches in my house and while
      he did it I checked how it is done. As well as I have read some books about
      it. I know it isn't legal but I really had no other choice and it all seems
      to work. As I didn't want it to be a vacation for her I had adjusted the
      temperature in the cell area I had chosen for her to between 28 and 30
      degrees making it relatively uncomfortable for her. Furthermore I knew
      that sweat increased the itching her private parts and just made it even
      more, lets say, interesting for her. I decided that it was time to make
      her realize that this wasn't a joke at all and just something that would
      stop within a few hours. As I didn't want her to recognize me, at least
      not now, I put on one of these old leather hoods. Furthermore it made me
      look even more scary for her, as the look of a woman dressed in black tight
      fitting leather just oozed of dominance and discomfort and the whip hanging
      at the right side of my belt would surely make her understand that I was
      serious. I could feel how I became hotter between the legs feeling extremely
      excited. I took the key for the heavy oak door to this area and opened
      it. After entering the cell area I took position in front of her cell standing
      with legs slightly spread and just watched her through the eye holes in
      the hood, which was the only visible part of my body. The slut didn't notice
      me right away as she was still busy trying to cope with the never ending
      itching.&nbsp; Suddenly she saw me standing in front of the heavy cell
      door and she gave a jump looking at this leather dressed person.    

"Who are you? What is this? Release me immediately or you will
      be in serious trouble! You have no right to do this to me!" she cried out.   

"Well" I started, from my point of view I have to tell that I disagree
      with you! In my opinion you are the one in troubles. I wear no restraints
      as you see. Try to have a look at these keys" I said showing her some keys. "These
      are the keys for your restraints. You must agree with me when I say that
      this makes a major difference, as I'm the one deciding when they will be
      used for removing your restraints. I really have no plans to do it within
      the next couples of days as I think it is excellent to let you get used
      wearing steel restraints. Who knows; maybe you will even feel naked when
      I remove them" I said laughing loudly.   

"Now I must just order you to stop this stupid act! You will be
      in serious trouble if you continue to keep me like this. The police, they
      will look for me and when they find me you will go to jail for a long time.
      If you release me right now I promise to keep my mouth shut and you will
      be able to avoid jail. Otherwise I have no choice other than to tell them.
      Why do you do this to me?" she asked still moving her body in a useless
      attempt to stop the itching.   

"And where do you think the police should look for you? And do
      they even know you have disappeared? You told me that you haven't sent
      any information telling where you have been the last couple of weeks. When
      they really find out it will be too late as there will be absolutely no
      trace telling them where you are. No, my dear worthless slut, nobody will
      find you. I will be the one deciding when you will be released and I'm
      happy to tell that I have decided to offer you to stay in this area for
      a long time. I have for a long time wanted a slut ready to satisfy my sadistic
      tendency and to satisfy me orally. I really think you are just perfect
      for this purpose and I'm sure you will be happy to lick me between my horny
      legs. Just wait and see!" I said smiling inside my hood. I knew she couldn't
      see it but I was sure she could see it in my eyes. I decided to wait telling
      her the real reason for trapping her in this prison area. Then she would
      have something to think about while awaiting me to enter her cell.   

"No, no, I won't do this!!!!! I'm certainly not a lesbian and sexual
      acts like you are talking about are distasteful for me. You have chosen
      the wrong person! I still advise you to release me and then I'm sure you
      will find a woman ready to do as you have told me. I know that some women
      like it like this and I'm sure you will be able to find one interested.
      Please think about it and be wise!" she tried once more.   

"I think, either I didn't make myself clear or you just don't understand.
      I actually love it if you are stubborn. I have so many ways to make you
      obedient. Just wait and see. I won't tell you about it yet. Then you will
      have a lot of surprises to look forward to! You will surely satisfy me
      orally. I will even make sure my lovely pussy hasn't been cleaned for some
      days to make it even more exciting and interesting for you!" I said laughing
      again and continued "I think you must be hungry and thirsty. I have brought
      some nice food with me and something to drink as well. Here eat this using
      the spoon, then I will offer you something to drink when you have finished
      eating" I said and gave her an old tin with a brown foul looking substance
      and a spoon.   

She looked at me and then she took it as she really seemed to be
      hungry. She took the spoon and filled it with the substance and then she
      put the spoon through the hole in her head cage.   

"Pew, what a taste!" she cried out spitting the food out on the
      floor.   

"You naughty girl! I offer you food and you just spit it out again.
      You should be grateful that I offer you something to eat! Now I really
      think it is time for your first punishment for disobeying my orders for
      you!" I said grasping the whip and then I started to whip the parts of
      her body that weren't covered by steel.   

"aaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhh, stop it!, what are you doing!" she
      cried out.   

Then by pure luck she managed to catch the whip and as I wasn't
      prepared for this she quickly ripped it out of my hand and tried to hit
      me with it. I quickly ran backwards beyond reach of the whip. She raised
      her body and moved towards me until the restraints stopped her leaving
      her standing in this awkward position like she was prepared to shit in
      the forest.    

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, you are a little fighter. I like that! I'm sure we
      will have a lot of fun in the future. I will be kind and not punish you
      for this act if you just give me back my whip." I said laughing again   

"No way! Just unlock these restraints and I will still forget about
      it!" she cried out. I couldn't help laughing again.   

"Sorry, but I just can't help it! You look like a pig prepared
      to shit but you still tries to threaten me! But if you want it like this
      I will leave you again. I'm sure you will be happy to give me back my whip
      again after a while. Just throw it on the floor when you are ready. Make
      sure you don't soil it with your own filthy piss as this really will mean
      punishment. Just throw it as far as you can, then I'm sure you won't soil
      it. I'll place the drinking bottle and the food on a table before leaving
      you. When I come back I expect both to be empty and I mean empty! If you
      haven't cleaned the tin well you will be punished. And don't even think
      about hiding it from me. You won't be able to hide it even if you put it
      up your ass! I have ways to find out but I'm actually not sure you would
      like to try out how I examine a smelly, stubborn slave for cheating me
      with the food I kindly offer her. Now you are warned meaning it will be
      your own choice if you want to test me" I said and walked to the hand operated
      winch. Then I started to turn it dragging her backwards inside the middle
      cage again by the chain locked to her head cage. She had no other choice
      than follow it and gradually her legs were spread again due to the V-shaped
      rods holding her feet cuffs. I continued operating the winch until she
      was standing upright as much as she could within the restriction of the
      chains from her feet restraints. Now she had to stand like this and the
      only movement possible was a little back and forth. Furthermore she was
      able to lean her shoulders against the end wall of the cell. This position
      would be extremely exhausting for her in a few minutes. I decided to let
      her remain like this for at least five hours. After placing the table with
      the food and drinking bottle I decided to leave her again.   

"Have a nice rest, my dear. You need to be ready when I come back
      and remember to make sure the tin and the bottle are empty, otherwise you
      will be very sorry as I have some nice equipment for force feeding you." I
      said laughing loudly.   

"No, don't leave me like this! Let's make an agreement!" she cried
      out again.   

"It's too late for agreements" I said and slammed the door for
      her cell. Then I left the area locking the oak door again though it really
      wasn't necessary as this meant triple lock for her as steel restraints,
      the cell door and the oak door made sure she didn't leave me without telling
      but you can't be too careful, can't you, dear reader? I actually considered
      locking the cage door as well only to make her feel even more helpless
      but I decided to let it remain open in order to have a better look at her
      through the one way mirror.   

As it was late I decided to have a nice supper with a class of
      wine. I was tired after all this work and I decided to go to bed no later
      than eleven. I had decided to watch a program in the television that ended
      at half past ten. As I was quite sure the slut had already changed her
      mind I decided to let her rest in her restraints when I went to bed meaning
      I would lower the chain from her head cage so she could sit on the wood
      rest until tomorrow when I would be ready for her. I would offer her another
      bottle for drinking after making sure she had emptied both the tin and
      the other bottle. I was quite excited to hear her reaction to her drink
      as it contained a mix of water and my morning urine. The next bottle wouldn't
      be that different as it would contain the before bed time urine. In the
      loudspeaker I could already hear her complaints again. She was already
      tired of standing like that and she had only been like this for one hour
      and thirty minutes. As I had decided to keep her in this position for six
      hours she would surely be grateful to have the chain lowered. Furthermore
      I just knew so well that the itching gel still was working making it even
      more uncomfortable for her as well as the never ending pain from all the
      steel restraints cutting into her bare skin added to this discomfort. Finally
      I thought about the heat making her sweat like hell and stink like a pig.
      I was wondering for how long she would be able to hold back but if she
      continued sweating like this she would not produce much urine. I really
      hoped she would have to relieve at least her bladder. I had tried it and
      it really was awful to pee through the tiny holes of the chastity belt.
      I really felt dirty after doing it and I rushed to remove the belt again
      and have a bath when I tested it. The fact that I had placed it much tighter
      on her than I did to myself would surely make it even more difficult for
      her to pee dressed in this belt.    
After finishing my supper I decided to sleep one hour before the
      program on the television started. Before sleeping I couldn't help rubbing
      my clit for some minutes while thinking on the slut in the cage. I was
      sure the next months would be fun and pleasure for me. I also was sure
      that it would be more fun for me than it would be for the slut but that
      would be her problem. Now it was pay back time for what she did to me and
      I would make sure she paid much more back than needed. Just to think about
      how it would be sitting on her face and force the slut to satisfy me made
      my juices flow in a steady stream."    

Mick couldn't help beginning to love this high society lady. "She really
  is something. I'm sure this will be extremely interesting and exciting reading.
  God in heaven, the clock has passed midnight during this reading. I must go
  to bed." he thought and decided to read some more pages in bed before sleeping.
  He had been sitting with a hard on almost all time while reading it and it
  didn't look like this would change while reading what the lady did to this
  woman.  
"It would have been nice to meet this woman for real but I just have to accept
  that this isn't possible. I'm sure it would have been a pleasure to live with
  this woman and have a common slut to train in this cellar" he thought while
  preparing for the bed. Well in bed he took the diary again and continued.  
"After a nice hour of sleep I watched the program in my television.
      I have to turn down the speaker system from the cellar as the slut continued
      her useless combination of arguing and pleading me to give her release.
      Several times I heard her cry out that she had thrown the whip on the floor
      and she was ready to cooperate. I smiled to myself knowing that this treatment
      really would make her understand that I was the one in control. But this
      didn't stop her from arguing from time to time when she found out that
      begging was useless.    

"This stupid cow, I wonder if she will ever learn but I really
      think she will after a while and she has tried some of the nice equipment
      I have in the cellar" I was thinking, smiling again.    

When my program was over I dressed in my suit again and went to
      the prison area again. I again stopped in front of her cell area and watched
      her through the mirror. She really looked miserable halfway standing and
      leaning against the wall trying to find a position to make it bearable
      for her. I could see she was extremely tired and I knew she would be grateful
      when I lowered her down for the night though she still would be dressed
      in steel. I knew that the itching had decreased slightly but it still caused
      her a lot of discomfort. I could see her nipples were deeply red after
      a lot of scratching. I guess the slut had realized that this only made
      it worse for her as she didn't touch them while I was watching her. I looked
      at the wooden seat and I was very happy to notice that she hadn't been
      able to hold back. The seat was soiled with her piss and her legs were
      wet as well. I knew how humiliating it would be for her to be lowered down
      the seat and sit in her own piss. I actually was happy to notice that she
      hadn't made poo as I didn't want the seat to be soiled with this kind of
      waste. I put on the hood again and then I entered the cell area. This time
      she saw me entering.   

"Pleeeeeeease do something! I just can't take it anymore. It feels
      like all my limbs are hurting and cramping and then this awful head cage
      is constantly adding stress to my head as well as it makes it almost impossible
      to move my head. I promise to be good if you release me! I have emptied
      the tin and the bottle though it tasted awful. I wondered what was in the
      bottle but it certainly didn't taste good at all. And look; the whip is
      on the floor for you again." she pleaded begging me the best she could.   

"It certainly is something different. But look what you have done!
      Look at your seat! You really have been a pig soiling it with your own
      filthy disgusting piss. Phew! What an awful stench! I think I was right
      when I first saw you. You certainly didn't look like a woman who knew the
      meaning of hygiene. When removing your panties I was hit by the stench
      of old urine and shit and the panties looked soiled as well. Your pissing
      on the seat just tells me that I was right!" I said smiling as I knew how
      degrading this was for her. I could see her head turned red inside the
      head cage. Then I hooked the whip to my belt again and went to the winch.
      In order to tease her a little I started turning it clockwise and the clicks
      from the lock told me that I added more stress to the chain. She immediately
      felt what was going on.   

"Noooooooooo, don't do this! Please don't add more stress to my
      body. It's feeling like my limbs are ripped out of the sockets. Please
      make it stop." she begged.   

I waited for a few minutes just watching her useless struggling
      and then I switched the lock on the winch and turned it counter clockwise
      and she gradually was lowered to the soiled wooden seat. She really looked
      relieved and grateful while she continued to move towards the seat. I continued
      until she was sitting like she did in the beginning with the only difference
      that she was now sitting on a piss soaked surface and then I stopped. Though
      the surface was hard she didn't deserve to be able to lie down after her
      afternoon act during the whipping. I decided to let her remain like this
      though I initially thought that it might be an idea to add some interesting
      devices to her suit for the night but I would wait to do this until later.
      I was thinking of adding nipple clamps but then I thought that her nipples
      probably felt sore enough as they really looked deeply red both due to
      the cups squeezing them out of the small holes and due to the gel that
      had made her rub them hard.    

"As I cant be sure you actually drank the content if the bottle,
      I have brought two more bottles with me; one for the night and one you
      will drink while I am watching you. Each one contains the nice tasting
      drink you have already had the opportunity to taste. I hope you like it
      as you will be sorry if you don't drink it. If you don't drink it fast
      I might decide to operate the winch again and let you remain like before
      all night. I don't think this is what you want." I said while handling
      her one of the bottles containing this yellow mixture. I knew that piss
      alone would make her feel thirsty after drinking it but a half and half
      mixture would both add her water and make it taste like I wanted it to
      taste. I decided to tell her what it was after she had emptied the bottle.   

"Please, do I really have to? It tastes awful even though I'm thirsty
      I would rather not!" she said looking at me with a begging look at her
      face.   

"JUST DO AS YOU ARE TOLD! DO I HAVE TO REPEAT EVERYTHING FOR YOU!
      IF YOU CONTINUE LIKE THIS I MIGHT DECIDE TO PUT YOU IN A TINY BOX FOLDING
      YOUR BODY LIKE A BALL AND LET YOU REMAIN LIKE THIS FOR ONE MAYBE TWO WEEKS.
      THIS AREA CONTAINS BOXES, CAGES AND PITS FOR THIS PURPOSE EACH ONE DIFFERENTLY
      SHAPED BUT ALL MADE TO MAKE A STUBBORN SLAVE OBEY ORDERS" I cried out.
      Her body made a jump and she took the bottle without asking any more and
      began to drink with a look of disgust on her face. I enjoyed her fight
      to drink it all as fast as she could. It took her about five minutes to
      drink the whole liter the bottle contained.    

"Good, very good. It looks like you are learning but you are still
      learning too slowly. I'm sure the training I have planned for you will
      make it much easier for you to do as you are told without asking questions!" I
      said laughing loudly and continued "I see you like resting in your own
      disgusting piss. As I had the feeling you were like this I'm happy to inform
      you that the drink you have just drunk is a generous mixture of water and
      my nice tasting piss. I was just sure that you would enjoy this taste and
      I can see I was right. If you feel thirsty during the night I have placed
      a bottle beside you. When I decide to visit you tomorrow I will consider
      if I think you have emptied it this time or you need more refreshment.
      Maybe it will be an idea to do it no matter what I think as pigs like you
      seems to love it and I guess you know that there is nothing like tasty
      morning urine" I said laughing again. I enjoyed noticing how humiliated
      she looked. She almost seemed to have forgotten about the itching and the
      pain from her steel restraints.    

"I haven't decided yet if I will be kind to you and let you out
      of the head cage tomorrow for a moment in order to let you show me what
      you can do with your tongue between my legs or I might just decide to mount
      a rubber dildo in the hole of your head cage and ride your face until I
      explode in a nice orgasm. It's really a difficult choice but I'm sure I
      will know tomorrow after a nice rest in a warm nice bed. I'm so sorry that
      I can't offer you the same but there really aren't any comfortable beds
      in this cell area. As I don't want you to feel cold I think I will increase
      the temperature in your cell area to 32 degrees for the night. You don't
      have to thank me. I think it is enough if you show some cooperation tomorrow
      making me believe I can train you well. Until now I haven't been very pleased.
      You have shown a very disappointing degree of bladder control and you have
      tried to hit me with my whip. This certainly isn't the beginning I expected
      of you. Furthermore your stench concerns me and I don't know if it will
      be too disgusting to let you satisfy me without a thorough cleaning of
      your body. I want you to know that when I clean the body of a slut I do
      it well meaning she is cleaned both inside and outside. I guess you have
      heard about an enema or you maybe even have already tried one? Well, it
      doesn't matter as I will show you later. You will be surprised when you
      discover how much fluid the bowel can take and for how long it can be kept
      inside you. Furthermore I'm pretty good at using a catheter for cleaning
      the bladder as well. I'm sure you will enjoy the soap-mixture I normally
      use for bladder cleaning. When nicely filled you will feel an urgent need
      to relieve your bladder as well as you will feel an urgent need to empty
      your bowel but you will just have to wait until I'm ready. I have heard
      about slaves who were begging and pleading for relieve their bowel and
      bladder though it would be in front of a whole crowd of people because
      they felt like they were about to explode. If it was a pay show they normally
      would have to wait as these acts normally cost extra. After some time strapped
      to the devices they were just released and then they were told to leave
      the scene and wait in another area until the Mistress or Master came and
      removed the equipment. I tell you that it really is interesting to watch
      a slave walk filled like this. It is even more interesting to see the look
      at their faces when you find them awaiting the Master or Mistress to arrive.
      They really must do a great job to prevent their hands from removing it
      themselves but as they know that this only means one more time they normally
      succeed doing it though the never ending cramps in their belly and even
      bladder makes it extremely difficult to control it. I'm sure you will agree
      with them when you have tried it as you will later" I said with a broad
      smile. Though I knew she couldn't see my mouth I knew my eyes were smiling
      as well making her discover how I loved to be totally in control.   

Mick closed the book and switched off the light. He was tired but though
  he was tired he couldn't help masturbating before sleeping thinking about all
  the exciting reading in the diary. She really was good describing how she had
  done it and he was sure she had been an excellent Mistress able to make even
  the most stubborn slave obey orders. He was wondering how this woman looked
  when she was alive and he decided to go to the library in order to find an
  old newspaper with pictures. He was quite sure he could find some with pictures
  of her even though it was long time ago. He still couldn't help thinking about
  how it would have been living with this Mistress and have one or more slaves
  in her secret cellar. Then he exploded in a huge orgasm and felt satisfied
  like he hadn't felt for a long time, before he fell asleep.  
 
  Do you want more? If you do want it to continue then please read the following.   
First of all I will make some advertisement for a group I have made for the
  story. It is named Friends of the Courtroom. The link for the group is: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/friends_of_the_courtroom   .   
In this group I have uploaded some pics reflecting the treatment I have planned
  to include in the story. I will gradually upload more pics reflecting the story.
  All you need for joining the group is to write a review for the story. It's
  easy and it is completely free of any finical costs to write it. Just press
  the button named "Review it" on the site with the story. My reason for only
  approving peoples who have written a review is that these reviews tell me if
  I'm on the right track. I approve you no matter if the review is positive or
  negative. Remember that it is possible to edit the review later if needed.  
I love role-playing and I am presently seeking for woman/women for being
  co-writer this new story I want the story to be a role-play like the role-plays
  I have done before. Please read the stories http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/story.php?storyid=1785   (Janet's
  Ordeal) and http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/story.php?storyid=1837   (Janet's
  Extreme Slave Training). Please read the reviews for the stories as well. Janet's
  Ordeal is the most reviewed story on the site. Link for review: http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/review.php?storyid=1785  .
  I did make one fault writing this role-play with Janet. I made it a WWII story.
  I later regretted this choice as it gave me some bad reviews and it really
  wasn't my intention to upset anybody. The new story will be free of any historical
  events.  
I need at least one female co-writer for this story. The woman interested
  will be the "poor" victim in the story and there will be no limits concerning
  how she is trained and treated. I do of course respect if there is a few limits
  but sometimes she must even accept to be subjected to this as well as I want
  the story to be for everybody meaning I want it to include all ordeals reflecting
  extreme and really hard training of slaves. The only limit will be child porn,
  snuff and amputation. Save for these restrictions there will be no limit. If
  you are interested in being a part of the story you will be able to control
  it in some manners as I will make sure that you are asked what you really like
  and what is totally turn offs for you in order to make it exciting for all
  of us.  
If you are a female Dom interested I will be happy to receive a letter from
  you as well as I have planned to include cruel Mistresses in the story as well.  
If you are a male sub or Dom and you write perfect English I would be happy
  to receive a letter from you as well as I need some readers ready to do some
  proof-reading in order to make the story more reader friendly.  
I haven't planned to include male subs or Doms in this story save for me.
  I might decide to do it in another story I have planned to upload if I find
  a cruel Mistress ready to participate. Then she will be responsible for the
  treatment of the male slaves.  
I will end this request with telling that you don't have to be afraid that
  it is too difficult writing the different chapters as you haven't tried to
  write stories before. Janet's Ordeal was my first story and I had my doubts
  as well but when reading the reviews I really think both Janet and I did it
  pretty well. Concerning Janet I can tell that she had to leave due to personal
  reasons. I'm still in contact with her and she had helped me preparing this
  first chapter. I don't want the writing of the story to be a pain in the ass.
  If we have problems writing for a while we just slow down the process and the
  readers must just accept waiting a little longer for the next chapter.  
 If this has your interest then please writes a letter with some information
  about yourself to this email for more information: mickni2000@graffiti.net   
Please excuse my English as I'm not a native English writer.  
Thanks for reading all this as well!!!  
Take care&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
Mick  
Introduction to chapter two.  
First I want to thank all you who have written reviews for the first chapter
  of the story. It really means a lot to me to receive these reviews as they
  tell me if I'm on the right track as well as a lot of the reviewers have written
  suggestions for the story. I have always loved this dynamic process as it both
  helps me and it makes me feel like we are more peoples writing the story. I
  think it is great that the average vote is 8.5 as I only have uploaded one
  chapter. The reviews can be read using the link http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/review.php?storyid=3305 
I'm happy to tell that I finally have succeeded finding a reader ready to
  do the proofreading needed before the upload. He is from UK. I have planned
  to ask him if he is ready to make the corrections needed in chapter one as
  well. I'm extremely happy that he contacted me and I think we all need to thank
  him for doing it as the work he is doing makes sure you all will be able fully
  to enjoy the story without being angry with me that I make faults. He hasn't
  told me yet if I'm allowed to mention his name in the story. Maybe you will
  hear more about him in the introduction for chapter three.  
I have not yet succeeded finding a true co-writer ready to be a 'poor' victim
  in the story. I have been contacted by one woman who really sounded interested
  but I'm not sure if she is still with me. Maybe some of the female readers
  haven't indicated interest because they thought it would be too much work both
  to write and to do the proofreading. After I have found my new friend in the
  UK I can tell that all you will have to do is to help me keeping the story
  on track and write some pages for it from time to time. I will make sure that
  we make the agreements needed for being sure that it continue to be fun and
  enjoyment to write it and not a pain n the ass (save for the pain a slave just
  love&hellip;.smile) As I still think it is more fun writing the story with
  'real' victims included I hope all female readers will think about it. If you
  think it could be fun to be a part of the story and help me writing it then
  do as told in the instructions above this introduction.  
Furthermore I would be happy to hear from a 'cruel' Mistress as well. I have
  planned to introduce a Mistress later in the story. So if you are a Mistress
  and you think it could be fun to help me treating the 'poor' female slaves
  in this story then send me a letter using the EM mentioned above at the end
  of chapter one.  
Some of the reviewers have told me they want me to write the story alone.
  I promise to make sure it still reflects my main ideal if I find co-writer(s)
  for it.  
I can't approve new members for the group anymore. As I love to have readers
  as members of a group I have created a new one. The rules are the same as I
  still want you to write me a review for joining. I still prefer it to be written
  on the bdsmlibrary.com site. If it is difficult for you to do it then please
  send me a note and we will make an agreement. Reviews for the story can be
  written using the link http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/review.php?storyid=3305 
The link for the new group is http://groups.yahoo.com/group/friends_of_the_old_courtroom/ 
I still need to do some more preparation in the new group. I will do it as
  quickly as possible but right now I thought it was more important that I send
  the next chapter. I'm sure you all agree with me.  
I think this is enough talking as you probably all are excited to write more.
  Please be kind and write me some reviews to tell me if you like it.  
Here is what you all have been waiting fore. I'm excited to read your reviews
  for it.  
I proudly present:  
 
  The old Courtroom  
Chapter two  
The diary, Pat's ordeal begins.  
Mick woke up late. He had read the diary until the early hours of the morning,
  so he really was tired before he had gone to sleep. He really felt satisfied
  when he awoke. No work was planned and he thought about what he actually wanted
  to do today. Then he saw the diary lying on the table and he knew why he felt
  so good.  
"I have never in my entire life had an orgasm like I had some hours ago.
  Even the best woman I have fucked can't beat the orgasm I had while thinking
  about that diary and what the old lady did to this slut" Mick thought.  
He decided to make a cup of coffee and some breakfast and then he would remain
  in bed for a while and read some more. He was quite fond of the idea that he
  could lie naked in bed and enjoy the feeling it would surely give him between
  his legs while reading it. He took a sip of the hot coffee and enjoyed some
  of bacon and bread and then he finally couldn't wait any longer to continue
  with the diary.  
" The 3rd of June 1952: I awoke early in the morning and the very first
    thing in my mind was my 'submissive' sweet little pet in my secret place.
    I hurried eating my breakfast as I was quite excited to se how the slut was
    after one more night in her steel dress. Then I thought to myself that there
    was no need to rush that much. I was sure she was going to wait for me. I
    couldn't help smiling while thinking that, as I knew that she had no other
    choice. She would probably even be happy to see me as this would mean I hadn't
    just left her in these steel restraints that she had no chance of removing.
    Furthermore it wouldn't help even if she was able to remove them as the heavy
    cell door would make sure she would remain in the area until a person with
    the right key showed up. I wondered about masturbating and having a nice
    morning orgasm while thinking about her, but I decided to wait. I figured
    out some other plans to make sure I would be even more satisfied than I would
    be by masturbating alone."  
"Oh she really is lovely!!! What a great story teller!! I'm still sorry that
  it will never be possible to meet her for real" Mick was thinking while he
  began to get a hard on again.  
" Dear reader, I don't think it will be a surprise to you that Pat is
    a part of my plan to be even more satisfied? If that is your guess I can
    assure you that it is right and I will tell you later what I have planned"   
Again Mick had this strange feeling like she was sitting right beside him,
  telling her story. He couldn't help looking around the bedroom, but of course
  nobody was there.  
" I did the necessary housework and then I just couldn't wait anymore.
    I went to my secret place and, as usual, made sure that nobody saw me. It
    really would be a disaster if somebody saw me entering the cellar. Before
    entering I dressed as usual in my tight-fitting leather catsuit with openings
    in the right places - if I felt like rubbing my clit or breasts or maybe
    even both. After hiding my head under the scary looking medieval leather
    hood I opened the secret trapdoor and entered the area of lust. Pat didn't
    hear me coming. I was careful not to make any noise while approaching the
    cell in which I had her locked up. The opening for the cell consisted of
    two doors; a heavy barred cell door and a heavy oak door for totally securing
    the cell. As I wanted to be able to watch my pet before entering the cell
    I had made some improvements. I had mounted a one way mirror in the oak door
    making it possible to watch the inside of the cell without her knowledge.
    I couldn't help being excited while just looking through the mirror and my
    juices began to flow again. There she was almost as I left her. I could see
    that the high temperature had done its work. Her body was covered in sweat
    and she really looked miserable. It was obvious that she felt very uncomfortable.
    I smiled to myself thinking that this was only the beginning of her ordeal
    and she already disliked it. I couldn't see if she had emptied the bottle
    beside her, but I bet she would be happy to notice that I had remembered
    to gather my morning urine in a bottle just in case she needed more refreshment.
    I couldn't help smiling again. It really must be disgusting to be forced
    to drink the piss from another woman but I had no sorrow for her. She had
    spat at me and she actually deserved something even worse for this crime.
    She just had to be grateful that I offered her fresh piss. I could just as
    easily store it for some days to make it taste even worse.  
"But I'm not an evil person!" I said to myself and smiled again. I had
    to behave myself and not laugh loudly; I still didn't want her to notice
    that I was watching her. I couldn't see if she had severely messed her seat
    but I knew she had already done it yesterday meaning she probably already
    felt dirty and disgusting. Now I just couldn't wait any longer and I unlocked
    first the heavy oak door and opened it. She looked at the door and I could
    she see was about to complain but then she remained silent.  
"Clever girl! She has already learnt something!" I thought and then I
    unlocked the heavy barred cell door and opened it. I could see she couldn't
    help looking a little scared as I approached her like a queen entering her
    castle, but in a very different dress.   
"Good morning, my sweet smelling pet! Have you had a nice night of rest?
    It really looks like you have problems enduring the heat" I asked her  
"Not at all! The steel restraints are evilly cutting into my skin and
    the awful itching hasn't stopped yet though it isn't as worse as it was in
    the beginning. And this hard surface really isn't a nice place for sleeping
    and each time I almost fell asleep, I awoke again because this awful steel
    cage surrounding my head clanged against the concrete walls. You can't keep
    me like this! I still advise you to think about what will happen when the
    police find me!" she started again  
"Ooooooooh sweetie, you have just so much to learn! But don't worry; we
    will have plenty of time to teach you. But you have disappointed me again.
    When I entered the cell I actually thought you had already learnt something
    as you cleverly kept your mouth shut but now this has no effect at all!!
    Do I really have to repeat myself again and again? Do they even know you
    have disappeared? And if they know; where should they look for you? And finally;
    who has the keys for the cells and your restraints? I know I ask you a lot
    of questions but I really have to if I am ever going to make you realize
    that the only one who is able to release you is me. And finally I'm happy
    to inform you that I have no intention of releasing you for the next couple
    of months, or maybe even more. Therefore, my advice for you is to be a submissive,
    smelly slut and do exactly as you are told. If you behave well I might decide
    to release you a little earlier than I initially have planned but if you
    continue like this I will certainly never even think about that" I said and
    stopped, watching her in order to notice her reaction.  
She remained silent for a while and then she started again.  
"But why are you doing all this to me? Why not stop now? If you think
    I needed to be punished for something I really think that this is enough.
    Why don't we both make an agreement? I promise not ever to tell anything
    about this and you just remove these restraints and let me go. I will be
    happy to wear a hood until you release me if you are afraid that I will be
    able to find this place again. What do you think about this suggestion?" Pat
    asked me and looked at me with two exciting eyes and a look at her face that
    left no doubt that she really hoped I would agree with her. I decided to
    play a little with her before telling her that her ordeal had even not started
    yet.  
"If I really decided to release you, how could I then be sure I could
    trust you? I mean even if I hooded you and made sure you didn't see anything
    during our trip to your place of release then you would still be able to
    tell a lot about me and this place. Have you been thinking about that?" I
    asked her and waited. I smiled under the hood knowing how disappointed she
    would be when she found out that release totally was out of the question.  
"I promise you I won't tell anybody" she started, clearly relived that
    I actually showed a willingness to think about releasing her, and she continued  
"I have absolutely no problem forgetting all this. No serious harm has
    been done to me and the marks from the restraints will surely disappear after
    a few days. Let's just both agree that this is stupid and just forget about
    it after you have released me. I would never be able to recognize you again.
    Consequently there is no danger that the police would ever be able to find
    you even if I told them about it. But I promise to keep my mouth shut if
    you release me. Nobody except us will ever know about this. You still have
    to think about the fact that my parents will soon worry about me and then
    they will start to look for me. If you release me now they will not even
    notice I have been kidnapped" she stopped again and anxiously awaited my
    response.  
"You might be right and it all sounds very promising, but you still forget
    something" I said  
"What do you mean? I can't see any problems if we do as I suggest" she
    asked me  
"You have forgotten a very important aspect. Can't you see it?" I asked
    her and smiled at her. I could she really was thinking but she couldn't figure
    out an answer for my question.  
"No, I'm sorry but I really think we have solved the problem if we do
    as I suggest. What is the additional problem that you have in mind?" she
    asked me.  
"You have forgotten that I'm a lesbian sadist who just loves to torture
    sluts like you. I have never had my own pet ready to suffer for me. Now that
    I have you then I can't see any reasons for releasing you as this would mean
    no more pleasure for me. I feel a fire between my legs each time I see you
    in these nice steel restraints. If I released you I would lose this lovely
    feeling. No, my sweet smelly slut, I have to inform you that what you have
    endured until now is a vacation compared to what I have in store for you.
    Just wait and see. You will be surprised to find out how much pain you actually
    are able to take and it will just be such a pleasure for me to teach you" I
    said laughing loudly. I almost couldn't stop laughing.  
"Sorry sweetie, but I just can't help it. Did you actually think I really
    would release you again right now? Tell me you're kidding! You can't be that
    stupid!" I said and laughed even louder.  
Pat just remained silent. I think she was about to realise that she really
    was in trouble and that there was absolutely nothing she could do about it.
    Her eyes clearly told me that she had found out that escape was out of the
    question, at least right now.   
"OK" I said in a more commanding tone "Now that we both know we will be
    together for a long time I will be happy to show you what I have in mind" I
    said.  
"But before we begin I was wondering if you are thirsty. You have emptied
    the bottle completely. Do you need more?" I asked almost sounding like I
    really cared for her.  
"Oh yes please!!! I'm dying of thirst!! Please let me have something tasting
    different than the mix in the bottle that you offered me for the night!" she
    said almost sounding like she was really begging me.  
"Of course sweetie, I promise it will be different. Your mixture for the
    night contained my afternoon urine. I'm happy to tell you that I have brought
    with me this bottle containing my fresh morning urine. It's much tastier
    than the afternoon urine I promise you. What do you prefer? The usual half
    and half mix or do you want it stronger?" I asked her smiling under the hood.  
She just remained silent almost looking like she was in shock. I just
    ignored her and continued.  
"OK then, I'll make the choice for you. We continue with the half and
    half mixture. No need to change it as it seems to work all right. You do
    even piss though it isn't that much. But I have noticed you are even more
    soiled with your own piss." I said while preparing the bottle in front of
    her.  
"Here you are my smelly slut! Look how beautiful and yellow it is. It
    really looks tasty. I actually think it is much tastier than you deserve.
    Enjoy your drink while I prepare the equipment I have planned to use in order
    to make sure we both have fun. Or maybe it will be more fun for me than it
    will be for you&hellip;..who knows" I said and laughed again and then I left
    the cell.  
It really was a sight to see the look on her face when she saw me return
    wheeling an evil looking heavy steel chair or at least a thing that mostly
    resembled chair. She actually had emptied the bottle. She really was thirsty
    and she had probably realised that she wasn't going to be offered anything
    else.  
Mick stopped reading while rubbing his dick a little, feeling extremely excited
  again. He took another sip of the coffee and noticed that it was almost cold
  as he had almost completely forgotten about it due to all the reading.  
"What a woman!! I wonder how she managed to get all this equipment working
  again. I mean; it must have been left in the dungeon for years without any
  maintenance and no heat in the area. I have seen some equipment from old dungeons
  in museums and some of it really looks miserable, even though they have done
  a lot to make it look good again" Mick was thinking and then he turned page
  again. Once again she had 'heard' him!  
"Dear reader, I can't help telling you some more secrets concerning this
    exciting dungeon. As I wanted to keep the prison as my secret I had to prepare
    it all by myself. It took me several years preparing it all. Everything was
    rusty and nothing at all worked. I guess you can imagine that it really was
    hard work to prepare it all as this secret prison seemed to have had it all.
    If you are like me I'm sure you understand that though it was exciting to
    masturbate while having fantasies about having a slut locked in restraints
    inside this exciting area and torturing her, it still was a bit disappointing
    knowing that I might never be able to do it for real. Now I had a slut 'ready'
    to suffer for me and even a slut who deserved it for her faults. I guess
    you can imagine that I had a flow of juices between my legs that almost made
    me feel like I had pissed in my panties. But I knew it was something else
    as they were extremely greasy as well and the fire in my secret spot left
    no doubt that I had found the right slut for giving me a lot of fun and pleasure.
    I just had to tell you that before we moved on.   
Mick put his hand inside his underpants and noticed that they weren't that
  different compared to the panties she described. He smiled to himself and continued
  reading while feeling extremely sexually aroused thinking about this marvellous
  woman.  
"What is this? What will you do to me? I won't sit on that! No way!" she
    screamed out  
"Well my little stinker&hellip;..you actually have no choice. I have ways
    to force you but first I think you deserve a little explanation about this
    excellent chair. I'm proud to tell you that you are presently watching a
    piece of history. This chair was used for punishing both female and male
    prisoners who had 'disappeared' from the public prison and were 'stored'
    in this cell area. The chosen few from the court had made this closed circle
    and they decided if the public prison was too kind for them compared to the
    crimes they had committed. If these criminals were sentenced to death they
    sometimes decided that this was too easy for them and they were transferred
    to this dungeon during the night and nobody ever saw them again. They lived
    and died in this dungeon area and believe me, they all wished they had died
    as initially planned. In this very dungeon they really paid the price for
    their crime and they paid it well. I found some papers telling what they
    did and I'm happy to tell you that I have planned to try a lot of these ordeals
    on you. But first I have planned to let you try one of my own inventions" I
    said and waited to see her reaction.  
"No, please no&hellip;.you can't strap me to that chair&hellip;.you have
    no right to do that! I warn you!" she tried again  
"And what do you plan to do about it? From my point of view I don't think
    you have much chance to beat me. Do you agree, or do you think I have missed
    something?" I asked her.  
Pat seemed to have realised that she was in severe trouble and she sensibly
    remained quiet.  
"Won't answer me? Good, as I think you know what the answer is. Then I
    will tell you a little more about this chair before we begin. I just love
    this chair. When I found the cellar all the equipment was rusty and it didn't
    work at all. But this wonderful place includes a workshop as well. I bought
    new tools for the workshop and then I began to repair all the equipment.
    This excellent chair took me over a week to repair again. First I removed
    the rust from the surfaces and from all moving parts. It really was hard
    and quite boring work. But as I wanted to keep this place as my secret I
    had to do it myself, even though it isn't exactly work for a lady. After
    all that hard work I started to get the moving parts working again. I will
    tell you all about these moving parts. First of all I guess you have noticed
    that it consists of a relatively high, but not that broad, back rest and
    a kind of a seat consisting of two broad steel plates which are placed about
    twenty centimetres from each other. Each of the leg rests is bent at a 90
    degree angle and they run down to the floor, acting as two legs for the chair.
    I guess you can imagine that this means the victim sits with their private
    parts freely accessible for any treatment that may be desired for the victim
    to endure. Furthermore, an adjustment mechanism has been installed meaning
    you are able to control the space between the knees. So you are able to have
    the victim sitting on the chair with his or her legs widely spread or you
    can have them close together. Personally I prefer the first location of the
    legs" I said and paused for a while, looking at her. She really looked frightened
    and very scared at hearing all this.   
"The best part of it is that it can be tilted. Have a look!" I said and
    operated a handle and adjusted the chair to a location that turned the legs
    to point up in the air.  
"You see what I mean. Now it is almost like a gynaecological chair and
    if you make sure the legs are widely spread you have a really perfect access
    to the cunt and ass if it is a woman who has the fortune to be strapped to
    the chair" I said and laughed, knowing that Pat could easily imagine who
    the victim was going to be.  
"I guess you have noticed all the leather straps located all over the
    chair. I don't think these straps need any explanation? All the holes drilled
    in the iron plates are for fixing different equipment." I said and paused
    again  
"Oh, I almost forgot. You see the frame under the seat? It's for mounting
    a normal seat with the only difference that it is a cold iron seat. I think
    you know how heat conductive iron is? When they used this chair they sometimes
    placed the victim on the seat. Then they had a special box that could be
    mounted under the seat, which was made of iron as well. The box had some
    lids at the sides and holes for air. After mounting the box they filled it
    with red hot coals and then they just waited to see the reaction. Can you
    imagine what will happen?" I said and waited for her answer.   
Pat didn't say anything, almost looking sick hearing this. I think she
    was realising that she really was in trouble and that there was absolutely
    nothing she could do about it.  
"And there is more. I found some really interesting equipment for heating
    torture. Look at these devices. I have only brought a few of them with me
    to let you see. These nice exciting fellows must have really caused the victim
    severe pain. I had problems figuring out how they were operated, but I was
    lucky enough to find some old books telling me about them" I said and showed
    her the strange looking devices. I had only brought two with me. Each one
    consisted of an iron dildo at one end with a triangular curved steel plate
    at the end of the dildo, and then a relatively long steel rod at the other
    end. The devices had leather straps attached to the steel plates. The steel
    rod ended in some relatively thin steel rods, which were attached to the
    curved steel plate in various locations.  
"These devices really are marvellous!! I'm quite impressed I can tell
    you. You have probably noticed that the thicknesses of the dildos are different?
    It's because I have chosen to show you a cunt device and a device for the
    ass hole. The dildos are pushed up either in the ass or the cunt depending
    on which part you wanted to treat. They actually made a device for the cock
    of a man as well. It is shaped to have the cock trapped inside a narrow container
    and then the curved plate was strapped between his legs. In the seat of the
    chairs they had made holes for the rods. Then the rods were located in the
    coal boxes as well. Now I think you can imagine what happens to the dildo
    and curved plates? They are gradually heated. First it just feels wonderful
    but then the temperature rises to a level that isn't that pleasant between
    your legs and especially not in a cunt or an ass hole. It is told in the
    old papers I found that the prisoners really feared this treatment. A more
    sophisticated version of this torture was to place the heating steel rod
    in a tin full of coal meaning the seat wasn't heated at all. Then they were
    only tortured in the ass hole or the cunt and the sensitive area around these
    places. And they have done some lovely experiments using these devices" I
    told her and paused again.  
"First of all I can tell that the thickness of the tiny steel rod for
    the curved plate has been selected with great care. This is done to make
    sure the temperature of the curved steel plate covering the ass or cunt is
    the same no matter where you decide to measure it. And look at the heating
    steel rod. Do you see all the marks on it? Each mark tells you the maximum
    temperature you want the victim to endure. You gradually heat up the rod.
    It will slowly turn red hot farther and farther up the rod. Then you can
    read in the manual and decide what you want. For instance I can tell that
    red hot to this level here means a red and slightly swollen cunt. If you
    heat to this level she would be in severe trouble and it will take some time
    before the cunt has recovered to normal shape again." I said and laughed
    loudly again.  
It really was exciting telling her all this. I almost couldn't wait to
    get started but all this talking did something between my legs and it felt
    like I was swimming in juices in my panties.  
"Enough talking! Now you know about all the possibilities this chair brings.
    Furthermore, you have already seen that it can be wheeled to different locations
    without having to release the victim from it. When you have reached your
    location you can lower the legs of the chair to the floor again and then
    you can fix the chair to the floor making sure it remains in position no
    matter how much the victim struggles while enduring the 'kind' treatment
    you have decided to reward her with. I will now give you a chance to try
    this excellent chair. All these years I have been dreaming about using it
    for real and I think you are just perfect for this purpose" I said with a
    broad smile on my face under the hood. I was sure she could see in my eyes
    how excited I was. Without letting her see it I had produced two padlocks
    and before she could resist I quickly padlocked her manacles on her hands
    to the steel belt holding her chastity device.   
"Just to make sure you don't do anything stupid. And I warn you; if you
    try and give me any trouble I have some nice nipple clamps that I will be
    happy to use on these red and swollen nipples peeking out of the holes in
    the steel bra." I said and strapped a heavy leather belt under her arm pits
    with thick rings mounted at the end. I hooked a chain running from the middle
    of the ceiling into these rings. Then I unlocked the padlock holding the
    chain running from her head cage. I removed the chain running from her chastity
    belt to her hobble chain that had prevented her from fully stretching her
    legs. She immediately stretched her legs out and I could see it caused her
    pain after not being able to do it for so long.  
"Ok, this will do. Now you are ready to enter the throne of fun and pleasure.
    As I don't expect you to be ready to enter it without resisting I will make
    sure you will do it anyway. The winch located on the ceiling just outside
    the cell door operates the chain running from the ceiling. If you don't want
    to co-operate and walk to the spot yourself it is no problem; the chain will
    simply drag you to the middle of the room. If you are smart you will just
    stand up and walk to the middle, but this will be your choice" I said and
    laughed loudly, feeling extremely excited. I just felt great knowing that
    within a few minutes I would have the first real slut strapped to this excellent
    chair of pain and pleasure.  
I started turning the winch and slowly the chain was dragging her towards
    the middle of the room. She was clever enough to start walk to the spot by
    herself, though I could see she had difficulties walking after being restrained
    like she had been for that long. After some turning the chain became tight
    and she was slowly lifted free of the ground towards the ceiling. I continued
    turning the winch until I was sure the chair could be wheeled in to position
    directly under her. Then I stopped and locked the winch making sure she didn't
    fall to the floor again. Then I went inside the cell again and place the
    chair under her. It really was a sight seeing her hanging from the ceiling
    dressed in the steel bra and chastity belt and with her head surrounded by
    the nice head cage.  
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh my sweet smelling thing. Isn't it exciting? Aren't you honoured
    that I let you be my very first victim sitting on this excellent chair? They
    really did a great job making all these systems for controlling the prisoners.
    You see this lid on the wall just beside the cell door? I will now open it
    and show you what is inside. Look my sweet; inside there are some handles
    that only can be operated when the steel lid is opened. These handles operate
    the locks for the winches located outside the cell. If I take the link chain
    for the handle, look what happens when I operate it?" I said and dragged
    on the chain. The winch was unlocked and slowly she was lowered towards the
    chair. I used the other hand for guiding her in to position. After a while
    her ass was placed at the middle of the chair and her loins rested on the
    steel plates, which were the only devices supporting her while sitting. I
    had made sure that the legs of the chair were positioned so she was sitting
    like you normally would sit on a chair.  
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, it's so cold!!!!!!!!! Don't force me to sit on this
    chair! It's really not comfortable at all" she complained.  
"This excellent chair isn't supposed to be comfortable at all!! It is
    only the tormentor who is having pleasure while using this nice chair, not
    the victim!!" I said and laughed loudly again while strapping her torso tightly
    to the backrest of the chair with the leather straps. Then I strapped her
    loins to the 'seat' and I ended up fixing her steel manacles to the legs
    of the chair. There was no need to do anything with her arms as she couldn't
    do much with her hands chained to the belt. Then I fixed her head cage to
    the tall backrest of the chair making sure she couldn't move her head at
    all. After finishing strapping her I fixed the chair to some slots located
    in the floor and then I tilted her until she was lying on her back with the
    legs up in the air and I locked it in position. After removing the belt that
    was used for dragging her towards the ceiling I took a few steps back and
    admired my handiwork.  
"Ohhhhhhhh what a sight. All I need is to spread your legs widely and
    then you are ready to a lot of fun and pleasure! I don't think you are able
    to imagine how sexy you look strapped to this chair, wearing your steel equipment.
    I said and approached the chair again and started to turn a handle located
    at the side of the chair. Gradually her legs were spread totally exposing
    her private parts that had not been hidden under the belt. I just continued
    turning until she screamed out loudly.  
"Stop it!!! It hurts! I just can't spread them anymore! Please stop it!!" she
    screamed in a useless attempt to make me stop. I was sure she was able to
    spread them a little more and after a few more turns I finally stopped and
    stepped back again.  
"This really is a sight. Have anybody ever told you that you have an extremely
    sexy ass just begging for the whip? And I can't even see it all! I'm sure
    that you are almost happy that you wear the belt so you are not totally exposing
    your filthy cunt and ass! I'm sure a gynaecologist would just love to work
    on you strapped like this. He would have no problems accessing your filthy
    holes if you didn't wear the belt. " I said and laughed again.  
I left her for a short while and then returned with a chair I made myself.
    It was shaped like a toilet seat but it was open at the front. Furthermore
    it had rests for the legs pointing slightly backwards with foot rests at
    the end. It was upholstered with thick black leather making it very comfortable
    to sit on. In the right position your feet were located in the foot rests
    and your shinbones were resting on the leg rests. This meant you were able
    to move your ass up and down while sitting on it as you are fucking. As she
    couldn't turn her head I lifted the chair to let her see it.  
"You see this chair? I'm very proud that I succeeded making it. You see
    it is shaped like an open toilet seat. I call it my fuck chair. You will
    be equipped with a dildo sticking out from the head cage. The dildo has an
    inflatable gag at the other end. When inserted I will inflate the gag making
    sure you only can breathe through your nose. Then I will locate this nice
    chair with the seat surrounding your head and the dildo pointing up from
    the middle of the seat. Then I will take position on the chair and I will
    ride the dildo meaning you are actually fucking me. It's really lovely riding
    this dildo as it has rows of rubber bumps making it so stimulating to ride
    it. As I want it to be a pleasure for you as well I have made sure I haven't
    washed my cunt for the last couple of days. As you only can drag air through
    your nose you will have all the pleasure you can get by dragging in the smell
    of it. I bet you are grateful!! I guess it is the very first time you have
    fucked a woman or even had lesbian sex. Then it must be great to be allowed
    to use your head the very first time. As I can't touch your cunt during the
    fucking I have planned something else instead. I hardly can wait to see your
    cunt and breasts again but I have decided to let you wear the steel gear
    for a few more days yet. I'm really excited to see how red and swollen your
    cunt lips will be after being locked in this belt for so long. As I want
    it to be fun for you as well I will use this large syringe to inject the
    exciting itching gel under the curved steel band and under the cups of your
    steel bra. You told me the itching has almost disappeared and therefore you
    certainly deserve to have fresh gel added." I said and laughed again.  
"Nooooooooo, please nooooooooo, not that again. It's horrible having the
    gel added to the sensitive parts of my body. Noooooooooooooo I can't take
    the itching, please make it stop" she screamed out loudly while I generously
    pushed the plunger of the syringe, adding new gel to all the right places.
    Her screams left me in no doubt that it still worked.  
 "Sorry dear, but now that I have added it there is no way to stop it.
    It will just stop after a little more than 24 hours, as you already know." I
    said and continued.  
"Now that you have a nice itching feeling between your legs I think I
    deserve to feel something as well. Please open widely and let me mount this
    nice dildo on your head cage." I quickly rammed it into her mouth, which
    still was open due to her screaming and then I inflated the ball until she
    was silent. I made sure she still was able to breathe through her nose and
    then I located my fuck chair with the seat surrounding her cage and the dildo
    nicely pointing towards the ceiling. Again I took position a few inches from
    her to be able to enjoy the sight.   
"Ohhhhhhhh my sweet smelling slut. I wish you were able to see yourself
    right now. You really look like a fuck toy just ready to serve - and that's
    exactly what you are right now! I bet you are excited to find out how it
    what it is like when you see my ass and cunt approaching your face, letting
    the dildo enter my hole of pleasure. When I sit on the seat I almost cut
    off the air for you and all the air you get will be mixed with the smell
    of my private parts. Isn't it exciting? I have actually been thinking on
    some improvements. My plan is to make the head of the victim completely surrounded
    by air tight plastic with the hole in the chair as the only opening for air.
    Then I have planned to wrap some plastic around my waist and make sure that
    this piece of plastic makes the front part of the chair completely air tight.
    If it is a success it will be possible for me to totally cut off the air
    when I sit on the seat of the chair meaning all the air you have for breathing
    is the air trapped inside this little space. Don't you think it would be
    exciting for you to gradually feel the lack of oxygen while you enjoy the
    smell of my ass and pussy? I bet you do! Let's save this for later. Now I
    think it is time for my ride, and while I ride the dildo you will be able
    to enjoy the itching between your legs and under the cups covering your breasts" I
    said feeling extremely excited.   
I took off my leather suit and stood in front of her completely naked
    as I wore no panties or bra under the suit. I made sure the hood was tight
    around my neck to make sure she didn't have a sight of my face while riding
    the dildo. Then I took up position on the chair and slowly I lowered my ass
    towards the seat making sure the dildo entered the right hole. It was just
    wonderful feeling the rows of smooth rubber bumps entering my pussy and knowing
    that this slut had a clear view of my ass coming closer and closer to her
    head. I remained seated on the seat with the dildo fully inserted for a while
    in order to let her enjoy the smell of my relatively dirty ass and pussy.
    I could hear her trying to talk or scream through her gag, making me even
    more excited. I was so excited that I could feel my juices dripping from
    my pussy and this just added to the excitement as I knew it was dripping
    on the slut's face, making her feel even more humiliated being forced to
    act as a fuck toy. Then I started riding. First very slowly making sure the
    slut enjoyed the sight of my ass moving up and down the dildo. After a while
    I just felt so excited that I couldn't help increasing the speed. I could
    feel an orgasm building up and I knew it would only take a few minutes or
    maybe even less before I came.   
"It's too early! I have to control myself and start it all over again!" I
    thought and remained still on the seat. I didn't dare to move at all as I
    knew that only slight movement would make me come. Gradually I managed to
    control it and I felt the pleasure reduce in strength. I waited until I was
    sure it had almost gone before I started all over again knowing that the
    slut had enjoyed the smell of ass and pussy while I had these difficulties
    controlling it. I was quite proud that I actually managed to control it as
    even sitting on the dildo not moving at all still made me extremely excited.
    Then I started again, but this time I made sure I didn't increase speed until
    I really couldn't wait any longer. Again I felt this wonderful sweet itching
    between my legs while the smooth rubber bumps just stimulated my pussy walls
    and clit. I couldn't control it any longer. Before I exploded in the most
    wonderful orgasm I had felt for a long time, I took a good grip on both of
    her nipples, pressing out of their rubber cups, and squeezed them evilly.
    While I could hear her screaming through her gag due to the sudden pain I
    exploded. It really felt like the orgasm never would stop. I just came and
    came, feeling this wonderful pleasure all over my whole body. I remained
    seated for a while totally exhausted and satisfied while feeling an almost
    constant stream of juices leaving my pussy. Then I slowly raised my ass again
    letting the dildo leave my still damp pussy and I again took position beside
    her. Through the hole of the seat I saw a slut covered in my juices. She
    looked like she had almost been swimming in juice and I noticed that some
    of it had even hit her eyes making her blink continuously to try and remove
    it. I took a piece of dry wool fabric and dried her eyes with it.  
"Now you really look like a slave ready to serve in all ways! Wasn't it
    wonderful seeing my ass move up and down the dildo and enjoy the smell of
    an excited woman pussy?" I said while smearing a generous amount of my pussy
    juices under her nose, making sure she would be able to enjoy the smell for
    a while. Then I deflated the rubber ball again and removed the dildo from
    her head cage and I also removed my pleasure chair. I now knew that this
    chair would cause me a lot of pleasure. While creating it I really had my
    doubts that it would ever be used for real. After trying it for real I just
    concluded that it really fulfilled my deepest dreams concerning the pleasure
    I would be able to feel riding a dildo mounted in the mouth of a real slut.
    She sounded relived being able to breathe through both mouth and nose again.   
"This really is sick!!!!!!! You have no rights treating me like this!
    You treat me worse than an animal. I really think it is time for you to reconsider
    and make the wise choice and release me. I am still ready to forget all about
    this, so you wouldn't get busted for kidnapping and what you have already
    done to me. Please be clever and do as I suggest" she tried once again.  
"JUST SHUT UP!!!! WILL YOU NEVER LEARN! IF YOU CONTINUE ALL THIS USELESS
    BEGGING I WILL MAKE SURE YOU WILL REGRET IT FOREVER. I HAVE SEVERAL TIMES
    MADE CLEAR TO YOU THAT I WILL KEEP YOU HERE FOR A LONG TIME AND MAKE SURE
    YOU PAY THE PRICE FOR ALL YOUR FAULTS. MAYBE YOU ARE WONDERING WHAT YOU HAVE
    DONE TO DESERVE THIS BUT I WON'T TELL YOU RIGHT NOW!" I shouted out loudly.
    This really did something to her. She jumped in her chair but she just remained
    silent.  
I used a towel for drying the sweat from my body after the ride and then
    I put on my leather suit again. Now I again looked like the dominating Mistress
    ready to make her suffer.  
"I'm a bit exhausted after this huge orgasm. I think we will stop for
    today but before leaving you I have decided to make some preparation of you.
    During the medieval times it was quite common to fit the victim in the equipment
    of torture the night before it was planned to be used. Then he or she could
    think on the pain to come while wearing it all night. It is told that this
    treatment sometimes could be even worse than the pain the equipment caused
    to the victim. I have decided to let you wear a nice piece of equipment during
    the night while strapped to this nice chair. Look at these pair of nice boots.
    They are almost like the well known Spanish Boots" I said showing her a pair
    of nice steel boots. They were shaped like a pair of long boots running almost
    up to the knee. They had a lid located over the instep to make it easier
    to fit it. After putting them on the lid was closed and locked into place
    with a padlock making it impossible to remove the boots without the key.
    Furthermore screws were located at the legs of the boots making it possible
    to make the steel legs squeeze the real legs when they were tightened.   
"I can tell you about how they were used later. Right now I think we just
    fit them on you" I said while unlocking the restraints for her right leg.
    Then I fitted the right boot on her leg and locked the lid into place. Then
    I started tightening the screws until she began moaning in pain due to the
    squeezing. I quickly fitted the left boot and then I locked both boots to
    the legs of the chair making any movement of her legs and feet impossible
    for her.  
"They really are sophisticated. Look what I can do!" I said and operated
    a handle located at the side of each boot. Gradually forcing her instep to
    point towards the floor. I stopped when they were almost forced in the same
    angle as her legs. Though it wasn't that painful doing this she still moaned
    a little and she looked a bit scared being fitted in these boots.  
"I know that it isn't that painful wearing them yet. But I know that keeping
    the feet in this position for a while will make you suffer cramps in the
    legs. I'm sorry but there is nothing I can do about it. Please enjoy it.
    I will store you in a special room for the night. The place I will store
    you is called the large box. It is just large enough to let the chair enter.
    Then the heavy oak door can be closed and heating can be switched on making
    it feel almost like a sauna. I bet you will enjoy it as you told me the chair
    is so cold." I said and laughed again.  
"But please, may I use a toilet before this? I really need to!" She begged
    me.  
"Why sweetie, you have until now just soiled the floor under you with
    your piss. Why can't you continue being a pig and doing that?" I asked her.  
"It's not from that place I need to be relieved!" she said and turned
    red in the face.  
"Ohhhhhhhhhh, I see. This really is no problem. The chair is open between
    your legs and I have a special container, which can be placed under you for
    this purpose. Then you are welcome to do what you need to do while I wait
    until you have finished it" I said smiling at her.  
"Please, not in front of you. Please be kind and let me at least do this
    by my myself!" she begged.  
I just ignored her useless begging and place the shit container under
    her ass as well preparing some paper for cleaning her filthy asshole afterwards.   
"Be my guest. Do what you need to do" I said and laughed.  
She realised that I had no intention of either releasing her or undoing
    her belt, as it had a hole located for this purpose. After a few minutes
    I could smell that she had begun. She had some difficulties pressing it out
    of the hole but it seemed to work for her. After a while she seemed to have
    finished relieving her bowel.  
"Have you relieved it all? It smells like you have. Now you stink even
    worse!" I said with a sound of disgust.  
"I have" she said turning a brighter shade of scarlet.  
I put on a pair of rubber gloves in front of her and then I took the paper
    and walked behind the chair. I wiped her ass hole and the steel band as much
    as possible with the paper. Then I walked in front of her again and showed
    her the paper.   
"Look what a disgusting brown it's turned! It really is a mess!" I said
    while I got an excellent idea. I took my rubber covered index finger and
    smeared it with her waste from the paper. Then I wiped the finger under her
    nose and her upper lip.   
"Nooooooo, what are you doing?" she screamed out.  
"I'm just making sure you will be able to enjoy the smell of both me and
    yourself during your stay in the box. Now that your bowels are empty I've
    got another idea for making it even more enjoyable for you during the night.
    You see the syringe with the itching gel? It hasn't been completely emptied.
    Why not empty it up in your filthy ass? Don't you think this is an excellent
    idea? Then you will be able to enjoy the never ending itching deep inside
    your ass as well" I said and laughed while ramming the relatively large but
    harmless needle up inside her ass hole. It was merely shaped like a small
    tube meaning it didn't cause any damage as I pushed it deep up inside her.
    Then I pressed the plunger until the syringe had been completely emptied.
    I could see she immediately started to move her bowels again desperately
    trying to get rid of the itching gel before it started to work. I just enjoyed
    it and waited to tell her another secret until I saw a small amount of the
    gel leave her ass hole.  
"That's good my sweetie! I waited before telling you that this is actually
    stupid. But now it is too late for you. When moving your bowels you actually
    make sure the gel is smeared all over the inside of your bowels. If you just
    had waited there would be a chace that it would be collected along with some
    of your shit, meaning it would do less harm inside you. But that is too late
    now. Now you only will have to wait a few minutes and then you will feel
    like your entire bowels are filled with ants walking around inside you. Just
    wait and see!" I told her and laughed again.  
"Now that I'm through with you I think it is time for storing you for
    the night though it isn't that late yet. But I have some housework to do
    as well, which means I have no more time for you today. So you can sit in
    the darkness and think on the ordeal to commence tomorrow. I bet you will
    find it exciting" I said and wheeled the chair towards the box. I stopped
    in front of the box in order to let her have a nice look before she was stored
    inside it. It really was a nice box, shaped like the chair with three doors
    to be opened before she could be located with the backrest of the chair at
    the wall. One door was closed in front of her legs. Another door was closed
    over her legs and the last door was closed in front of her face and torso
    leaving her in complete darkness in a very narrow space just large enough
    to lock the chair inside the box. In the old papers it was told that the
    victims really suffered from claustrophobia while having a 'nice' rest inside
    the box. Furthermore it had a feeding system for feeding the victim from
    the outside of the box as well as water could be added. As a heating system
    was connected the victim really needed water in order to avoid dehydrating
    inside it. I opened the doors and wheeled the chair in position. Then I raised
    the wheels making the chair stand on the legs. I closed all the doors and
    then I opened the lid in the door in front of her face. I mounted the feeding
    device in her mouth. It caused me a little trouble inserting it but after
    pressing at her teeth for a while and threatening her with squeezing her
    nipples again if she still refused she opened her mouth. I fixed it to the
    head cage and then I instructed her.  
"During your stay in this exciting box you will need a lot of water as
    I will make sure that the box temperature is similar to the temperature in
    a sauna. Just press the valve with your teeth and water will be added. In
    the medieval times the box was heated with coals but I have modified it with
    a normal radiator. As the space is narrow I don't need that much heating
    to maintain the required temperature. It will be an excellent combination
    of several ordeals. You will feel both itching, cramps at your legs and an
    uncomfortable temperature inside the box as well as you will be tired of
    being strapped in the same position on the chair. I wonder which torture
    will be the worst for you, do you know? I'm sure you will tell me tomorrow.
    You will remain in this box at least twelve hours. Please enjoy your stay!" I
    said and slammed the lid shut. Then I filled the bottle located outside the
    box with water and turned on the heating. I waited until I was sure the temperature
    increased and then I just left her, excited like hell to see how she would
    be able to cope with this ordeal. Furthermore I almost couldn't wait to carry
    out the plans I had for her tomorrow but I still thought it would do her
    good if her ordeal was a combination of isolation and real torture. I could
    hear some weak begging sounds for release from the inside of the box. I just
    smiled and rubbed my clit a little though the suit. I had never felt so excited
    in my entire life and this was just the beginning!! This slut would pay me
    back several times for her sins.  
Mick closed the book for a while and closed his eyes. Again he was lying
  with a hard on reading all this.  
"Gosh man, this woman really was something. I wonder if she had any limits
  concerning how to treat this slut. I bet I will find out later. God, how I
  wish I was able to find this dungeon. What makes me even more excited is that
  if I succeed in finding it all the equipment will probably still be inside
  it. And if she has greased it well it will probably still be working or will
  need only minor maintenance to make it work again" Mick thought rubbing his
  dick. He had to do some housework as well but he would hurry up finishing it
  in order to be able to continue the reading.    







Introduction for chapter three.

Hi all friends of my story 

Please read the introduction as has some important news for you.

I know I have kept you waiting for a long time for the next chapter but I have an explanation.

I have always wanted this story to be unique and something special. Therefore it is important that it is well written and that the grammar is as perfect as it can be in order to make it a pleasure to read. I found a native English writer who helped me correcting it but he seems to have left me. I received some messages from him telling me why and that he still was ready to do it. But now I just can&#8217;t wait any longer as well as I don&#8217;t think it is fair to keep you waiting any longer for the next chapter.

My fuel for continuing is the reviews I receive for the story. I made a group for the story and the only demand for joining the group was a review for the story. Yahoo decided to delete the group and all work done in the group was gone. I have some plans concerning group for the story. First I just want you to join the group http://groups.msn.com/FriendsoftheoldCourtroom. I haven&#8217;t done much in this group yet and I am not sure if it will be the future group for the story but if you join I will be able to tell about new plans.
As the group isn&#8217;t something special yet I have decided to let you all join if you are interested in order read news concerning the progress with the story and so on.

I haven&#8217;t decided yet if I will do the work necessary to create a new group for the story as I&#8217;m afraid it just will be deleted again. If some of you are ready to help me creating a group for the story I&#8217;ll be more than happy to provide exciting stuff for uploading in the group. If some of you visited the old group you know I had a lot of nice and exciting stuff for underlining the story and make it more exciting reading it. 

I have found two slaves who will help me writing the story and be poor victims in the story and go through the cruel training and ordeals. Furthermore I have found a Mistress as well. I&#8217;m sure it will improve the story and make it even more exciting to read.
Though I have found co-writers I still want both dominating and submissive women to mail me if you are interested in this project. Please don&#8217;t be afraid that it will be too much work and impossible to combine with normal life. I decide the speed and if you due to personal reasons have to slow down for a while we just slow down. It is supposed to be fun and pleasure and not a pain in the ass. My plan is to make a special group for possible co-writers. Then it will be possible for females not participating to write suggestions for new chapters and to help us to make sure we are on the right track.
For males interested I suggest you join the MSN group as this will make it possible for you to write messages in the group and give us suggestions as well.

I have found two peoples ready to help me dong the proof-reading. I would be happy to have more for this job as normal life sometimes makes it difficult to take the time needed for the job. It&#8217;s an important issue as the proof-reading makes sure it is a pleasure reading the story. It is of no matter if it is a male or a female. I prefer females as I just love to write with women sharing my desire but it is not a demand.

All this means that: 
- If you are a female sub and you would love to be one of the &#8216;poor&#8217; victims in the story and help me writing it then please write a letter to mickni2000@graffiti.net
- If you are a female Dome and you love to be cruel to women or both women and men and you would like to help me writing the story then please write a letter to mickni2000@graffiti.net.
- If you are a female or a male and you are ready to help me doing the proofreading of the story then please write a letter to mickni2000@graffiti.net.
- If you are interested in creating a group for the story, then feel free to do it and write me a letter using the address mickni2000@graffiti.net and tell the name of the group and if you want me to send you stuff for the group.

Chapter four will be uploaded within a few days. It only need minor adjustment before it is ready and I&#8217;m sure you will all love it, just wait and see!!!

The main reason for uploading this adjusted chapter is that my new slave wanted to make it more personal to her in order to make sure she really felt it was her in the story.
And now I think you deserve what you have been waiting for. I hope you all enjoy this adjusted and proof-read chapter more than the previous one. I really think my new proof-reader has done a marvellous job and removed all my stupid faults due to the fact that I&#8217;m not a native English writer. I proudly present The Old Courtroom, chapter three:

******************************************************************************************************
The Old Courtroom

Chapter three

The search for the old dungeon.

Mick had decided to leave the diary for a while and instead he would look for this excellent dungeon and underground prison so nicely described in the diary.

He had seen an old ruined building not far away and decided to visit it. He actually found a secret entrance for an underground cellar and he was extremely excited entering it but he was as disappointed like he was excited when he saw what it contained. It only was an old cellar probably used for wine or vegetables and now it looked like the tramps in the area used it for temporary home. 

After this disappointment he drove to the local library to check old drawing of houses in the area as well as he went to all the public offices, which could contain drawings of old houses. He actually found a very old drawing of his own house but no cellar was shown at any pages. Disappointed again he drove home and decided to do some clearing in the cellar.&nbsp; He had checked this cellar several times in the hope that he would find something indicating that this was the area but until now he had had no luck at all. During the cleaning he decided to totally empty a large from floor to ceiling cupboard with a lot of shelves. 

During the clearing up he noticed a small lid located at the left side of the large cupboard close to the ceiling. He opened it and saw a handle inside a hole in the wall. Pulling it he heard some clicks but save for this nothing happened. A sign had been located on the handle with the inscription air intake cellar. As the cellar sometimes was quite damp Mick wanted to find out where these intakes were located in order to make it possible for him to ventilate the cellar. The clicks he had heard came from the middle of the cupboard. He had opened all doors and removed the old stuff stored in it. The middle of the cupboard had no shelves as it was used for old unused clothes such as raincoats and so on hanging from a pipe located at the top of the cupboard. When checking more carefully he noticed a steel frame at the back wall of the cupboard. At first sight it looked like a frame for holding the back wall of the cupboard but he noticed something else. At the top and the bottom of the steel frame he found two small handles almost hidden in the wall. He had never seen them due to all the old stuff stored in the cupboard. He moved the two handles to the left excited to see what happened. Nothing happened at all. He tried to pull in the steel frame but it didn&#8217;t move at all due to his efforts. Then he got the idea to try the handle named air intake at the left side of the cupboard again. Again he heard the click but this time something else did happen. The left side of the steel frame had moved a few inches revealing that it was more than a frame. It actually was a floor to ceiling door and now it could be opened.

Mick&#8217;s heart almost stopped beating. God in heaven, have I found it? Has it really been hidden in my cellar all the time and I just didn&#8217;t know about it!
He stopped breathing while dragging in the heavy steel frame. With a loud creak telling him that the hinges hadn&#8217;t been oiled for a long time a heavy door was opened revealing a short dark corridor. At the end of the corridor he could just make out a large hatch located in the floor. The whole area was covered by cobwebs telling him that nobody had been in the corridor for months. 

If this is the secret dungeon I have to be careful. Mick thought and almost ran through the entire house locking all outer doors to make sure that nobody could enter the house unless he unlocked the doors. 
After making these precautions he prepared an electric portable lamp with a long wire connected to a plug close to the cupboard. He took a couple of flash lights as well and then he entered the corridor through the huge amount of cobwebs. He really hated spiders but he just had to move on. Safely at the end of the corridor almost looking like his clothes was cobwebs he looked at the large hatch in the floor. He pulled in the handle located at on side of the hatch and with a great deal of difficulties it was opened revealing a dark hole below it. Using the light he could see a rusty stairway located at the far wall of the trunk. He lowered the lamp into the trunk telling him that it was about 12 feet deep. He hasn&#8217;t been that excited in his entire life as he slowly climbed down the cellar using the stairway.

Safely down the cellar he switched on one of the flashlights and looked around. This seemed to be a kind of hall for the cellar. Two large steel doors could be seen at the end of the hall and at the left right side. He opened the door at the left side and entered a relatively large room with some old furniture and a large table. At the end wall of the room another door was located. The first room just looked like a room for having a break or for eating dinner or something like that. All was covered by a thick layer of dust as well as spiders had made cobweb at a lot of corners of the walls, tables, chairs and so on telling him that nobody had been in this room for a long time. At the far end wall he could see some shelves hanging at the wall and some old books. He took one of the books. A cloud of dust made him cough and stop breathing for a while until the air was cleaner again. At the back of the book he noticed the text Inmate data. Now he was sure that this was the place. He quickly looked through it noticing that it had data about both male and females. He read the data about one of the females. 

Crime: murder of her husband. Judgment: death by hanging. Note: Disappeared from prison before execution of death sentence. The inmate has been sentenced to life time a stay in the Old Courtroom by the Members of the Circle. She will remain disappeared for the rest of her life and pay the price.

Mick opened the door to the other room and look surprised when he saw what was inside it. The room was very different as it was equipped like a courtroom but something was very different compared to normal courtrooms. It had like an ordinary courtroom a platform located high above the floor with a large desk and three chairs facing the middle of the area. Furthermore an amount of chairs had been located at the left and right side of the area like chairs for a jury. But the middle of the room both made Mick scared and excited as this place obviously had been the place for the inmate who was supposed to go through a trial this courtroom. A heavy steel chair had been bolted to the floor and high in the air hung a tiny cage, which also could trap an inmate. Furthermore a kind of steel pillory had been located beside the chair&#8217;s left side and a kind of bench at the right side. All devices had either heavy steel or leather restraints hanging from it clearly indicating that the &#8216;poor&#8217; victim had no chance to flee during the trial. What really looked scaring was the chair as it seemed to be a chair that could be modified in accordance to the needs. Right now the &#8216;seat&#8217; if you even could call it a seat was a curved steel band with a short steel dildo pointing up at the middle. As the legs of the chair was pretty high the victim strapped to it had no other choice than ride the dildo to the rod of it and accepting the steel band cutting into the sensitive flesh. Furthermore it had been equipped with one of these steel head cages mentioned in the diary, The straps for the feel left no doubt that the victim strapped to it was forced to sit with legs widely spread totally exposing the private parts for the so-called judges sitting highly above him or her.&nbsp; It must have been quite humiliating sitting like that and painful as well. The location&nbsp; and the size of the dildo made Mick quite sure that it had been for backdoor entering leaving the victim with the front parts exposed while enduring the pain from the plug in the ass. The equipment located in the middle of the court told Mick that they sometimes had forced the victims to confess crimes that they might not have done or it has just been done to amuse the judges and jury. It left no doubt that the trial hasn&#8217;t been fair to the inmate at all.

In front of the court desk three tiny boxes could be seen. They had doors with a rectangular hole at the top of the doors with bars. Mick opened one of the doors. It was just a box that seemed to be large enough for a person to be trapped inside it if the legs were folded under the chest. The victim could look out through the bars facing the scaring devices located at the middle of the room. They had probably trapped the inmate or inmates if they had several to be judged inside these boxes before the trial. Then they could look at the scaring devices and think on what to come during the trial. If they had more inmates they could let them see what was done to the other inmates while awaiting their turn. It really must have been horrible and scaring for them. Behind the large three chairs on the platform hag three old coats of the judges made of red fabric. They actually didn&#8217;t look that miserable and Mick was wondering if the old lady from the house had done some repair in order to make them look nice. But there were more. The top wood of the boxes were shaped like a pillory with holes for hands and head. When locked into the holes the victim had to sit in an exhausting squatting position. Furthermore a head cage had been placed on the hole for the head. They could be locked to the top of the boxes when the pillories were closed. Then the victim had no other choice than watch the prisoner being prosecuted as the head was fixed with the eyes in this direction. This really must have given them a lot of time to think on what would be done to them when it was their turn to be strapped and chained to the equipment in the middle of the room.

This courtroom is really oozing of humiliation and discomfort for the victims. It really didn&#8217;t look much like a courtroom in which the accused could expect a fair trial by the Prosecution. I actually think the victims have been forced to confess crimes they hadn&#8217;t committed at all just to make the pain stop Mick thought almost shivering while thinking it. He couldn&#8217;t help looking around in order to make sure he was alone. He decided to read some of the old papers and books later in order to find out how they had done long time ago. He read some more in the book about the inmates and noticed that each file told what to be done in the initial phase of their stay in the dungeon. He found the woman he had already read about and read the initial instructions for her stay in the dungeon.

Inmate 100225 is placed in punishment cell 4 for the first couple of weeks. As she immediately deserves punishment she will be dressed in the spiked steel chastity belt and bra at least one week and she will only receive food once each day. This slut must be denied any masturbation for at least six months. After this time she must be severely punished if she is caught masturbating as well as she will be punished if she even think on refusing to satisfy any of the male or female guards no matter how they want to be pleased and feel sexual pleasure. The disgusting slut will be equipped with permanent restraints on both hands and feet, which is locked to the body with red hot rivets. A heavy padlock will be located at the front ring of her permanent steel waist belt, which can be used for securing her feet and hand link chains. This slut must never have a chance to forget that she is a prisoner who is supposed to do as she is told. She just has to be grateful that she was saved from her death sentence!

Mick stopped reading and closed his eyes. He just couldn&#8217;t believe it. Just to imagine how they had treated this &#8216;poor&#8217; woman made his juices flow again. He was wondering if the prisoner agreed that she had to be grateful or she rather would have gone through the first sentence as this just would mean the end. He remember that this particularly cell had been mentioned in the diary by Jennifer as Pat had been locked into this cell for almost two weeks in solitary confinement with only 30 minutes light each day for eating and brushing the teeth. 

Mick decided to wait with reading more in the books as he was extremely excited to see the dungeon and prison area for real. Jennifer, the former old lady of the house, had told a lot in the diary but it wasn&#8217;t the same as seeing it for real. He closed the doors to the courtroom and the living room for guards. Then he opened the heavy door to the prison area and entered with his electric lamp and the flash lights.

Inside a long corridor with a lot of doors on each side could be seen. At the end of the corridor another large door could be seen. All doors were opened and Mick started the most exciting journey in his entire life. All rooms or cells were different. One cell was just large enough for a person to stand inside. Another cell was larger giving relatively much room for the prisoner but all four walls had been equipped with a lot of rings and chains for restraining the prisoner inside the cell as well as chains were hanging from the ceiling for the same purpose. Mick stopped in front of cell 4 and looked inside the cell. It was both exciting and scaring to know that Pat had been trapped inside this cell for almost two weeks. It had been left just like described in the diary. The floor was covered by a relatively thick layer of straws. Jennifer had told in the diary that Pat was locked into a A-frame for the last three days in the cell. The A-frame was still in the cell with open steel restraints just awaiting a victim to have head, hands and feet locked into it. Outside the cell a hook had been located. Over the hook was a sign with the text leave restraints keys and prison keys on the hook before entering the cell Mick had brought all the keys hanging in the living room for the guards with him. He decided to play the game and he hang all the keys on the hook. 

I guess this was a safety precaution. Hanging the keys outside made sure the inmates couldn&#8217;t steel them. Then they probably only brought the needed keys into the cell if they needed any keys. If they only wanted to inspect or they would whip them or something else they probably didn&#8217;t needed any keys Mick thought while entering the cell.

He gripped the A-frame and touched the broad neck collar. He could easily imagine how exhausting it mush have been to be locked into this device not knowing when it was removed again. Then he saw the chain with the collar hanging from the ceiling. He remembered Jennifer telling how it worked. It just looked like an ordinary neck collar but the difference compared to a conventional collar and chain was that the chain disappeared in a hole in the ceiling. Furthermore the chain ran over a cogwheel mounted at the ceiling. Outside the cell was a kind of well and the link chain disappeared into this well. Dragging in the chain made it clear that weight had been attached to the chain. It actually was attached to a bucket made of wood. Some heavy stones had been filled into the bucket. This meant that constant stress was added to the neck collar. Jennifer had told in the diary that Pat had been put it a steel belt with rings at the front and the back. Jennifer had dismounted the link chain for the collar and put it through the back ring of the belt and locked it to the front ring. Then the collar had been locked around Pats letting the chain run through the ring at the back of her collar. Now she would feel a permanent tension in the chain burying deeply in her cleft. She had no rest during this ordeal. Sleeping was almost impossible at the constant stress made it extremely difficult for her. Her hands were locked to the rings located at each side of the belt making it impossible for her to reach the chain. In the beginning it wasn&#8217;t that bad but after a few hours the never ending pain from the chain cutting between the legs made it terrible for her. Mick found a screw that fitted into the collar. He couldn&#8217;t help trying it just to feel how it must have been for Pat. He carefully located the chain between is legs making sure it didn&#8217;t squeeze the balls. Then he locked the neck collar around the neck and let go the chain. He tried to walk chained like this without using the hands. It really was difficult and the tension in the chain already made it quite uncomfortable.

Now, what would an inmate do if she saw the open doors? She probably knew about the keys. She would of course try to reach them Mick thought and started to walk towards the heavy doors. About two feet from the doors he suddenly heard a large click and the outer door quickly swung closed with a loud CLANG when steel hit steel.
Mick jumped and he really was happy that he had light in the cell. Otherwise it would have been dark. He quickly removed the collar and ran to the door and pushed. Anxiously he tried to open the heavy door. At first it didn&#8217;t move at all and Mick could feel how cold sweat was running down his body as he knew he had no keys. Furthermore the cell door didn&#8217;t seem to have any keyhole located inside the cell. He tried to push again but this time harder and at this attempt the door slowly moved and opened.

Thank God, it isn&#8217;t locked!! he thought and almost ran out of the cell. He looked around to see if somebody was in the corridor but nobody could be seen. The door obviously was spring loaded but what had released it from the hook keeping it open?&nbsp; He wondered why the door could be opened but then he saw that the pawl still was pressed back. He touched it and immediately he heard a click and it left the hole telling him that had the door been into place it would have been locked. Furthermore he saw two relatively thick steel rods being shut out at the top and the bottom of the door. These rods fitted in two holes drilled into the steel frame in the outer wall of the cell. Mick almost fainted as this told him how lucky he had been. If the lock hadn&#8217;t been rusty he would have been trapped inside this cell and he would probably never have been found. 

Ohhhh, my God, I really was lucky. I think the chain from the collar released the door. This had probably been done to make sure the inmates had no chance to get the keys no matter how hard they tried as the cell door was closed if they tried to! I really have to be more careful in the future Mick thought.

Mick secured the door again with the pawl but this time he used a steel rod to double secure it. Now the door couldn&#8217;t be closed if the pawl was activated. He tried it and was satisfied to notice that the door didn&#8217;t move if the pawl released the door. Then he entered the cell again. 

He really wanted to feel the atmosphere in which Pat had been trapped. He closed his eyes and he almost could smell how it must have been when the straw was soaked with her piss. In one corner of the cell the layer of straw seemed to be much thicker.

This has probably been her &#8216;toilet. I don&#8217;t want to check it but I&#8217;m quite sure I will find old waste from her if I checked it Mick thought. It excited him a bit to think on that Pat probably had been denied any toilet facilities during her stay in this cell. 

The smell must have been horrible and she must have been smelly and dirty like a pig after being left in the dark for that long Mick thought. 

Though the cell wasn&#8217;t large at all it had been equipped with a couple of cages as well. One round almost body shaped cage was located in the right corner. Opening the door to the cage was like opening one half of the cage. A victim trapped inside this cage had nothing else to do than stand and accept being more and more tired in the body and especially the legs. But even the fact that it was tiny and narrow had obviously not been enough because it had been mounted with spikes as well, which could be pushed inside the cage and locked in position. Mick touched the end of the spikes. They didn&#8217;t seemed to be sharp enough to puncture the skin but they left no doubt that they have caused pain to the victim if she leaned against them
The other cage was more like a dog cage. The space inside could be controlled by a movable end wall. It could be locked in different positions. The largest size of the cage left room for the victim to move but the legs couldn&#8217;t be fully stretched and back would touch the ceiling if she was on all four. If it was adjusted to minimum size it only left room for the victim to sit with legs against the chest. Furthermore a steel device was lying at the top of the cage. It turned out to be a chastity belt with both rear and front dildo which were both made of steel. It had been locked to a chain attached to the ceiling. Mick could see that &#8216;dressing&#8217; the victim in this belt made it possible to control her position inside the cage. You could for instance shorten the chain that much that the ass touched the ceiling. This really must have been exhausting because she would have to partly stand and partly squat in order limit the stress her private place. Mick was sure that only a few hours would be needed to make a slave obey if it meant she was released from this position.

Mick decided to leave the cell again and check some other rooms and cells before leaving the place again as it was late and bedtime. He found a door with the sign *Equipment store&#8217; on the door. He found the right key and opened the door. Inside the room he almost stopped breathing. He had visited some of the old dungeons and always checked the means of torture and punishment but this had been nothing compared to what he saw in this room. It was a pretty large room but though it was large it was almost stocked with equipment of all thinkable and unthinkable sizes and shapes. The room had been divided by a number of inner walls to give more room for hanging equipment. Almost no spaces were free for more equipment. On one wall a number of chastity belts were hanging, both male and female belts. Another wall was filled with different head cages. A large number of whips could be seen on another wall.&nbsp; Furthermore a lot of strange looking devices had been located on the floor. Mick could imagine the purpose with some of them but he also saw devices that he hardly could guess the purpose with. They just looked so evil and sophisticated and they just oozed of pain and discomfort for the victim. 


 
Kidnapping before planned.

Mick went downtown to do some shopping. On the way home, he decided to take the detour road overlooking the beach. It really was lovely trip, the car travelling the hills, and he could enjoy the beautiful view of the landscape, with all the trees, fields in different colours (depending on the time of the year and the vegetables on them). As he drove around a 90-degree turn in the road he suddenly saw a woman walking with a backpack on her back. He had to twist the wheel hard in order to avoid hitting her. In the rear-view mirror he could see her waving frantically at him. She wasn&#8217;t exactly beautiful, but her exotic Asian features and long black hair definitely made her attractive. He decided to pull over. In the rear-view mirror he watched her run along the shoulder of the road to the car as quickly as she could. He opened the side window as she came to a panting stop beside  the car.

Hi, what&#8217;s up? I&#8217;m sorry that I almost hit you, but you just suddenly were in front of me after I went around that turn. I was lucky that I managed to avoid hitting you, Mick said to her.

I&#8217;m so glad that you stopped!!! It&#8217;s no problem. You just scared me a little, that&#8217;s all. Can you help me? I&#8217;m in quite an awkward situation. You see, I&#8217;m completely lost and I have no money or phone. All I have is my backpack containing dirty clothes mostly. I only have a few clean clothes left. I was wondering if you would be so kind as to consider taking me with you? Just to the nearest town, and maybe I can borrow enough money to make a phone call? I&#8217;d really appreciate it, and you&#8217;d be doing me a huge favour. 

Sure, why not? It&#8217;s really no problem. Just put your rucksack in the trunk and take a seat beside me! Mick said to her.

Oh, thank you so much!!! You have saved my day!!! When my friend comes to pick me up I&#8217;ll get her to give your money back, and I&#8217;ll pay her when I get home. she said and opened the hatch to the trunk.

Um, sir? There&#8217;s a large box almost filling the trunk. Should I put my pack in the back seat? she asked Mick.

No, the box is empty! Open the lid and pull out the tray inside the box, and then there&#8217;ll be plenty of room for your backpack. It looked a little dirty. I don&#8217;t want to soil the backseat of the car. Do you need help or can you do it yourself? Mick asked her.

No, I don&#8217;t need any help. It&#8217;s no problem. Oh, yes, you&#8217;re right, there&#8217;s plenty of room for my backpack She closed the trunk lid and slid into the front passenger seat beside Mick. Mick guessed she was about twenty years old, when he checked her over before starting the car again. She really looked like a nice woman. Mick categorized her in the upper level of the normal block. Not the most beautiful woman he had seen but she was still good looking and had a nice figure. At that moment Mick had not made any plans yet. He had just decided to help her. What he couldn&#8217;t know was that this woman was just perfect for his plan.

Now tell me what the problem really is, Mick asked her.

She blushed shyly. I&#8217;m so sorry. I forgot my manners and neglected to introduce myself. I&#8217;m Anne. I&#8217;m presently working as a maid in France in order to learn the language See, my dream was to go to college and major in international law, with a hope of getting a job in the diplomatic corps, perhaps as an ambassador or at least a translator. I learned French in high school, but since that was mostly rudimentary, I decided to live abroad for a year or two until I had a competent grasp of the language and could speak it fluently. My parents are quite wealthy, and they normally pay for my journeys back home to visit them. This time, as I was getting off the ship, I dropped my purse with my wallet and phone in the water, and none of the dockhands could find it. I had a lot of things in it, and I guess it sank quickly because it was heavy. I had no other choice than to start walking, both to keep me warm and to think what to do next. It&#8217;s been a long night and I&#8217;m really glad you stopped.&nbsp; I hate to impose on you like this, but I really hope you&#8217;ve got enough money for a phone call; I could ask my parents to come pick me up. Anne told Mick.

But what about the family in France? Won&#8217;t they miss you? Mick asked.

No, they won&#8217;t. I&#8217;d handed in my notice before sailing because I figured I had a decent enough grasp of the language to start college in the fall. I was heading back to where my parents live so I could enrol in college there. By the way, my parents weren&#8217;t born in England. We&#8217;re all US citizens, but moved to a house just outside London about five yeas ago when my Dad got a better-paying job here. Anne told me.

Then I started to think. Nobody knows where this woman is; she was last seen at the docks, and apparently she didn&#8217;t tell anyone which direction she was going. Furthermore she has relatives in the US so it will be even more difficult to trace her as they will have to check in France, UK and USA to be sure they think on all possibilities. Right now she&#8217;s a missing woman and quite difficult to trace since there&#8217;s so many places she might have gone. He had not prepared his secret dungeon for visitors yet but was it a problem? No, the dungeon had a lot of nice cells that worked well and it was no problem to keep her in a cell nicely restrained until he had prepared all his new toys. He knew he had not installed any monitoring system yet but if he avoided any dangerous ordeals for her it was no problem. Keeping the slut in restraints didn&#8217;t mean any danger for her at all. Mick sometimes had problems with going to sleep and therefore he always brought some sleeping medicine with him. In the last couple of weeks he had had no problems as all this exciting reading really made him exhausted due to all the masturbation it almost forced him to do. Furthermore he had planned to make a stop and have a nice cup of coffee at a nice beautiful place before driving the last part of the way home. He always brought two cups with him just in case. And now he really needed them both. 

I have a suggestion. In a few minutes we will arrive to a beautiful spot of the UK. I have some coffee in the trunk and I suggest that we enjoy a cup while you tell me the rest of your story. Then we can move on to my town and you can use the phone I have in my house for calling and wait my place until your parents arrive. What do you think? Mick asked Anne.

Oh thank you so very much, sir. I&#8217;m so sorry to bother you, and I appreciate your hospitality. I hope I&#8217;m not putting you too much out of your way; it really is good of you to help a strange woman like this, Anne said shyly.

Mick found his secret spot. He loved this place as he always was alone because nobody else seemed to have found it. Here he could be alone and think. Now he could be alone with his future toy of pleasure and carry out the first and most important part of his plan. He stopped the car and opened the door and went behind the car for opening the trunk door. He made sure Anne couldn&#8217;t see what he was doing in the trunk save for the fact that she knew he was preparing coffee for hi and her. 

Do you like sugar in the coffee? Mick asked.

If it&#8217;s not too much trouble, I like mine sweet; I usually put several teaspoons in mine at home. 

Great, just great! Mick thought A lot of sugar in the coffee will make sure she can&#8217;t taste the sleeping medicine. I give her a generous amount of the medicine to make sure I will have the time needed to prepare her Mick thought for himself while pouring a lot of the medicine in the coffee.
 
This will do it. More than double amount than I normally take. This will give me at least 24 hours to prepare her Mick thought.

Here you are, please enjoy it! Mick said while handing her the right cup. He was very careful to make sure he didn&#8217;t take the cup with the medicine himself. Furthermore he would notice it when drinking it as he wanted the coffee almost black with just a little sugar poured into it.

Thank you so much, Anne took the cup in her hands and took a sip. It&#8217;s exactly how I like it. Thank you.  

Oh, by the way, I have sandwiches in the trunk as well. I&#8217;m sure you must be hungry; let me get them. Just put the coffee cup on the seat beside you and be careful not to spill it Mick said. He didn&#8217;t want her to be that hungry during her first day of her future imprisonment. He was lucky that she did as he told her and within a few minutes she had eaten the sandwich and then she continued with the coffee really looking like she enjoyed it.

This is a really lovely spot, the view is wonderful. Do you stop here often? It&#8217;s a nice spot you have found. Do you visit it frequently? Anne asked.

No, not that frequent. It&#8217;s far away from my home. Mick lied as it only was a few miles from his house but he didn&#8217;t want her to know about it.

Where do you live? Anne asked Mick.

I want it to be a surprise to you. But after you told me where your parents live I can tell that it is not that far from them Mick lied again. They lived 200 miles from his place but he thought it was better that she believed that they lived close to each other.

Wellif we live so close, perhaps instead of lending me the money, I could walk to my parents&#8217; home if you&#8217;d tell me your address. I know the streets around our place pretty well; if you tell me what your address is, I can get to my destination from there and I won&#8217;t have to trouble you further. 

No, you will soon see it. We just have to drive some hours. It&#8217;s no trouble at all; I&#8217;ll show you my place quickly and then I&#8217;ll drop you off at your parents&#8217; house. You&#8217;ve already walked enough today, and I&#8217;m sure you must be very tired by now Mick answered satisfied to notice that Anne managed to empty the cup before the medicine started to work.

You know, now that you mention it Anne brought her hand to her mouth, trying unsuccessfully to stifle a yawn. I guess I am feeling a bit tired. I&#8217;m suddenly really sleepy. Must be from the long walk, and then the foodyou know how you feel sleepy aftereating Anne&#8217;s voice trailed off as she slumped over on her side, sound asleep

Mick looked at the sleeping woman and pushed her from side to side to make sure she really was sleeping like a baby. Then he rushed out of the car and opened the trunk door again. He had got this brilliant idea that the wood box in the trunk was large enough to keep Anne inside it if her legs were folded. He opened the lid and removed the large tray inside it revealing the large room under it. He removed her rucksack and then he opened the door for the passengers and carried Anne outside and placed her on the ground after making sure that nobody was approaching his secret place.
He took a string and tied her hands behind the back. He tied a piece of string around her waist and made sure the hands were tied to waist. Then he folded her legs against her chest and tied her loans to the chest and waist as well. Finally he tied her legs to her torso and loans and before him lied a woman folded like a ball that would fit into the box. It was hard work to lift her into the box folded like that. He couldn&#8217;t help laughing while doing it as his efforts made her fart and he had to endure the awful smell from her asshole. 

She will be punished for that later Mick was thinking while placing her in the box. He didn&#8217;t dare to gag her as it would be dangerous if she vomited due to the sleeping medicine. But he was quite sure that she wouldn&#8217;t make any noises in the box folded like a ball with no movement possible at all save for moving the head and furthermore she was sleeping like a baby. He decided to empty her rucksack on the tray and put his own coat and rain coat on the top of it. If anybody opened the box he could tell that it just contained clothes. While emptying it he notice that it contained some really soiled panties both with her disgusting piss as well as her waste. 

These can be useful later Mick thought and placed them beside the woman under the box. He didn&#8217;t want anybody to find soiled woman panties in the box. It would be difficult to explain to the police if he was stopped during the trip back to his house. After a few minutes he was satisfied. The box looked like it contained his clothes. The rucksack has been place beside Anne together with the dirty underwear and some other clothes. The box had holes drilled into it for ventilating it meaning she would have enough air during the ride. He took a last look around the car to make sure he hadn&#8217;t forgotten anything and then he took position at the driver&#8217;s place and started the short trip back to his house. He thought at the old lady during the ride as she had told in the diary how careful she was not exceeding speed limits or doing anything else illegally that would make the police stop her. Mick did the same though he mostly wanted to step on it in order to drive back home as quickly as possible. 

Oh how I wish I was at home. It&#8217;s really scaring driving with this precious load and the danger that I would be stopped by the police and they will search the box. I have never in my entire life felt that my house was that far away from my secret place for having peace in my soul Mick was thinking during the trip back to his house still careful not driving too fast.

Finally he could see the large old court house and he was very relived when he stopped the car inside the large garage for the car. He looked up and down the road happy to notice that nobody was seen and he was quite sure that he hadn&#8217;t made anything suspicious during the trip back making anybody wonder why he was there. 
He closed the large door for the garage and switched on the light. He took a quick walk through the entire house to make sure he was alone. He never could be sure if a burglar had entered the house for stealing something. 
Satisfied that he was sure he was alone in the house he opened the trunk door. He quickly removed all the clothes from the top tray and removed it revealing his valuable load. Anne was still sleeping in the position he had place her and she didn&#8217;t seem to have moved at all during the trip. It was hard work to lift the folded woman free of the box and he quickly but carefully placed her of the floor of the garage. 
With a great deal of difficulties very careful not to hurt her during the walking towards the secret dungeon he finally had her down the basement lying on the floor in front of the large floor to ceiling cupboard hiding the entrance to the dungeon. He pulled the hidden handle for opening the floor of the cupboard and then he opened the heavy oak lid for the entrance. He noticed the nauseating smell from the still damp dungeon but he found it exciting as well as it just oozed of a secret dungeon for keeping prisoners hidden away from the normal life. He moved the old clothes a little for revealing the hook for the chain winch. The winch was located together with all other tools in the basement and nobody would ever know that it was supposed to be used for lowering equipment down the secret hidden dungeon. He made sure the ropes tying her to a ball shaped figure still was safely located and then he placed a rope underneath her legs at the level of her knees. He was sure that lifting her in this position would make sure her head was the last part of her body that would hit the floor. Furthermore he would be able to follow her journey all the way down the dungeon until she was safely located on the floor of the dungeon. He placed the winch on the hook in the cupboard and hooked the chain from the winch into the rope he had prepared for lifting her. Then her started operating the winch by dragging in the chain running from the cogwheel and slowly it was first tightened and then he gradually lifted Anne free of the floor. He operated the chain with one hand while making sure Anne didn&#8217;t swing back and forth when she was free of the floor. Then he carefully placed her in a position above rectangular hole for the entrance to the dungeon. Then he dragged the chain counter clockwise and the body of Anne relatively quickly was lowered towards the floor of the dungeon. It actually took quite a long time doing it telling that the dungeon really had been located deep underground. Almost there he slowed down and he could see that first her ass hit the floor and then slowly the rest of her body. Satisfied that no harm occurred to her during the journey to her new long term home, he went down the vertical stair to the dungeon and removed the chain from her ropes again. He quickly went up again and removed the winch from the cupboard. Before entering he made sure all doors to the house were locked and he also switched on the light in the bedroom just to make it look like he had gone early to bed if anybody wanted to visit him. First he switched it all of but then he again thought at burglars and thieves and therefore he decided to leave the light in the bedroom switched on. He was not satisfied that he hadn&#8217;t already checked the doors. In the future he had to be more careful; it really would have been a problem if some of his friends just had entered the house to look where he was while lowering her down the dungeon. 
Then he almost ran down the dungeon again extremely excited to prepare the slut for her first night in the dungeon. Half a year ago he had bought some latex suits and hoods as well as he had bought rubber stockings. On a market he had almost a year ago bought a box filled with old long legged boots in different sizes, shapes and colours. As Anne seemed to have average size feet he was sure he would be able to find a pair that fitted her. Furthermore he had bought some nice gags as well as sophisticated rubber gear for different use and purpose. It never had been used for real as Mick only had used some of it on him self just to feel the discomfort and humiliation a slave had to feel while wearing it. He had used it a lot during the reading of the diary imagining how the slut trapped by the marvellous Jennifer in the secret dungeon. He couldn&#8217;t help loving this woman he had never seen but who had given him more pleasure than any woman had given him in his entire life and he was not even halfway through the diary. In order to make it last for longer he had read some of the chapters in the diary several times. Now he was happy he had bought all this nice equipment as it soon would be used for real. He actually had had his doubts that he ever would use it for real but each time he had concluded that it had been worth buying it as it had given him a lot of pleasure even without a real salve for wearing it. 
He closed the lid for the dungeon after switching on the temporary light he had installed in the dungeon. As it had no windows this was the only light in these scaring but exciting surroundings. 

Mick decided to place Anne in one of the relatively large cells equipped with an inner barred steel door and an outer heavy oak door for completely sealing the victim in solitary confinement if no located with another visitor.
He placed her still sleeping and lifeless body on a trolley and wheeled her to the cell. All that told him she was alive was the regularly sound of her breathing. Safely inside the cell he removed all her restraints. Though she was sleeping she moved her limps clearly indicating that the limps were tired of being tied in this stressful position for that long. He enjoyed her moving athletic body for a while feeling the juices flow between his legs just to think about all the fun they would be able to have together when she was alive again. 

No, wrong Mick, I actually think I will be the one having fun wile she will be a willing slave enduring humiliation and pain for me Mick was thinking with a broad smile at his face.

He took a rubber covered mattress and placed it on the cold cell floor. He didn&#8217;t want her to feel cold while she was sleeping. After placing her on the mattress he started to remove her clothing. He enjoyed her body for a moment while she still wore her underwear. 

She seems to be a pig. Her panties are yellow at the front of her own urine. She really needs a lesson! Mick thought and smiled again. 

First he removed her bra. It really was a nice sight. These relatively huge well shaped melons just begged for the whip and nipple clamps but it was no use to do it right now as it wouldn&#8217;t train her at all while sleeping. Hen therefore continued to the panties. Approaching her private parts he could smell both old stinky urine as well as the smell of the female juices flowing from a woman in excitement. 
What a disgusting horny slut! She is still wet. That can only mean that she has been horny while I have been talking with her Mick thought but he couldn&#8217;t help being excited as this indicated that she had felt something while talking with him. The panties indicated that Anne hadn&#8217;t been cleaned between her legs for a while. They were dirty both back and front like the other pair of panties he had found in her rucksack. Mick took a step back and enjoyed the sight of his kidnapped nude beauty. Then he started to put her in the dress he had chosen for her. He first put her in a snug black latex tricot. It had nice opening for the breasts and open between the legs as well. It had two sophisticated rubber bands located between the legs. The backside of the rubber band had a rough surface almost like sandpaper and the part of the suit it covered was rough as well. The purpose with these two rubber bands was two trap the cunt lips between the rubber band and the tricot. When nicely trapped between latex with rough surface spreading the legs would mean opening the cunt and expose it. The most excellent part of this invention was that the clit would be totally exposed as well. Mick managed to put the sleeping life less body into the tricot. It was quite difficult to drag in the cunt lips and force them between the two rough latex surfaces. Finally he succeeded and after making sure her breasts were standing out proudly from her body he admired his handiwork again. Then he continued and first he dressed her in a pair of latex stockings and then a pair of black boots. He clanged a pair of steel manacles shut around each ankle making sure the boots with the high platoon heels couldn&#8217;t be removed without a key. Then he dragged a snug black hood over the head and made sure the holes for eyes, nose and mouth were correct located. 

Before moving on Mick got a brilliant idea. 

She smells like a pig. Why not make her look like a pig! A true smelly piglet Mick thought.

Mick left the cell and come back with a special device. It was a stud gun for making holes different places at the body. He placed the stud gun in her nose and pulled the trigger. The sound coming from it told him it had done its work. He dried the little amount of blood from her face with a piece of fabric. The he took a relatively large titanium ring and put it through the hole. He didn&#8217;t weld it as he wanted to be able to remove it. The silent click told him that it was locked but still removable. Then he stepped back and enjoyed the sight.

Welcome to your new world of slavery! Now you really look like the fuck toy and pain and pleasure slave you will be trained to be. I welcome you my sweet smelly piglet! I really would love to read her mind when she is awake again. She will be able to feel that something is different under the breathing mask but she won&#8217;t be able to see it before the mask is removed. Mick thought very satisfied with his work. 

After he had pierced the septum under her nose and ringed it as well he took the gasmask likely device with the large tube at the inside of it. He forced her jaws to open and then he quickly strapped it into place. Her breathing sound changed to a hissing sound but he was sure she could drag in enough air. The tube gag ended in a snap connection device for mounting a rubber breathing bag. Then she was dressed in a pair of long armed black latex gloves. Now she was ready for the excellent device making sure she remained in position until Mick returned again. It was a heavy steel Scavengers Daughter like device completely trapping the victim in a steady position making any movement impossible. He first locked the collar from the device around her neck. Then her hands were locked in the steel manacles located at the middle of the A-frame. Finally her legs were locked to the lower part of the A-frame making Anne sit with her legs widely spread. He enjoyed the sight of the totally open cunt and the cunt lips trapped between the latex. He was sure it caused her pain and she would surely tell when she was awake again. The last thing he needed to do before he had finished the preparation of her was to mount the rubber breathing back with the adjustable restrain device for breath control. He didn&#8217;t mount the restrain device as he wanted to be sure she could get all the air she needed. He connected the breathing bag and enjoyed the sight of the back being filled and emptied of air each time she was breathing. He then taped a pair of her soiled panties to the hole for dragging in air in the bag. Now she was able to enjoy her own disgusting smell. Watching the woman breathing air mixed with her own odour from cunt and ass through the breathing mask gave him a new idea for future use. Mick thought on new and more sophisticated ways to make breathing an interesting experience for her consisting of a special rubber device strapped between her legs with an inner tube forced deeply up in her ass. When wearing this device it is connected to the breathing mask and a magnetic valve controlled by a timer switch between fresh air and anal breathing. It&#8217;s really humiliating for a woman being locked in this special device forcing her to breathe from her own ass. 

Being strapped into this device will really make her realize that she is degraded to nothing else that a lower ranking slave who just have to be patient and wait until I decide to remove the device. She will surely learn how unpleasant it can be for her if she fails to obey orders or how unpleasant it can be if I just want her to suffer. I hardly can wait to try it on her Mick thought feeling excited thinking on his new pet.

He decided to leave her and let her wake up by her own. Before leaving he took a last glance at his restrained sleeping victim. It really was a nice sight seeing this slut dressed in black latex and trapped in the steel device. This was the first step of Anne&#8217;s transformation to a pain and pleasure slut. Before leaving he placed the large mirror in front of her making sure she could see her slave dress when she awoke again. It really can be hard for the soul of a former free citizen to find herself locked into an unpleasant device completely immobilizing her and to notice that she is dressed like a cheap hooker ready to serve horny guys who don&#8217;t care for her as a person at all.

As it was late Mick decided to go to bed and read a few pages in the diary. He was very excited to read about the ordeal to come for &#8216;poor&#8217; Pat. He was sure that she had had an extremely unpleasant night and that sleeping had been almost out of the question for her due to the unavoidable cramps in her legs due to her restrained position. Furthermore it must have been hard for her to sit on this excellent chair almost shaped like a toilet seat with no front. He couldn&#8217;t help thinking on how sore he sometimes was himself if he had been sitting for too long on the toilet. The major difference for him compared to Pat was that he decided himself when he was too sore in his ass. Pat just had to wait until she was released by her &#8216;kind&#8217; and &#8216;caring&#8217; Mistress. Mick opened the diary and started to read again.

The 4th of June 1952:  After a nice night of sleep and eating my ordinary breakfast I went to my secret dungeon again

Well, Miss Smith, it isn&#8217;t a secret to me anymore. You were smart making the reader believe that your dungeon was located in a distance from your house. I don&#8217;t think I would have found it if I wasn&#8217;t as lucky as I were. I&#8217;m sure your exciting diary will be even more exciting to me now that I can check it out myself. Your diary will be used as my manual for treating my new pet provided I will be able to be a mean as you were to Pat. Sometimes imagination and real life is different but I&#8217;m quite sure I will gradually learn and your diary will surely be helpful Mick said like he was talking to the old lady. He couldn&#8217;t help smiling as he continuously had the feeling that Miss Smith was in the bedroom watching him reading her diary.
After my morning bath I dressed in my favorite dress again. I always admired my well shaped body in the mirror in the tight fitting black leather suit with my favorite whip hanging from the right side of the broad belt. I decided to visit Anne early this morning. It was almost midnight when I left her and I was a little afraid that I made it too hard to her in the beginning. Being restrained in a static position could produce severe cramps. Especially her feet caused her with no doubt severe problems being forced in line with her legs for that long. Static bondage causes sometimes a slave more problems than the pain she feels during pure torture or forced exercise. Sometimes they are just desperately begging for being released no matter if it even means being forced to endure something even more painful.&nbsp; I entered the dungeon area and went to the place where I had left my slut. I checked the temperature inside the box at the thermometer mounted at the left side of the box; it was just a few degrees Fahrenheit more than normal body temperature. I knew what that meant for her; discomfort, discomfort and discomfort. Reading the marks on the water bottle I could see she had drunk almost two gallons. That&#8217;s good, I thought, because that meant there was no danger than she suffered from dehydration. I took a steel rod and hammered at the outside of the box knowing that the sound inside it was even louder. If she was a sleep she surely was awake now. I stopped hammering again and remained silence. A low voice could be heard from the inside.

Please let me out!!!! I can&#8217;t take it no more!! My whole body is arching and the cramps are just unbearable. Furthermore I sweat like a pig and I&#8217;m hungry!! Please let me out!!! Pleaaaaaaaaaase!!!! I could hear her begging. I put on my hood and opened the inspection lid located at face high on the upper front door of the box. Inside I saw a face glistening of sweat with hair glued to the face like she had been to a bath. She still couldn&#8217;t move her head much due to the cage locked onto her face.

Hi my sweet smelly disgusting slut! Have you had a pleasant night? You really look fine to me and I actually am wondering if it is an idea to leave you in the box for another day. What do you think? I said and laughed.

Nooooooooooooo, please no, please don&#8217;t do this to me!!! I&#8217;ll promise to be a good girl if you release me from this box and chair. Just tell me what you want me to do and I will do it provided I am able to do it! Pat begged me.

Ooooooooooooooh my sweetie, this certainly is something different compared to your previously attempt to threaten me to release you! As I have ways to make you obey my orders I have no doubts that you will do as you are told. I&#8217;m sure the alternatives will make you understand that it is better to obey me. As I just wanted to check if you were all right before continuing my work and preparations I think I will close the lid again and let you enjoy your stay again. You seem to like it and I will be kind and let you enjoy it for some more hours or maybe even more days, who knows? I said and closed the lid again.

Nooooooooooo, noooooooooooooooo, let me out I heard her shouting but it just sounded like whispering to me as the box was almost airtight. 

I went to a large room at the end of the long corridor. This room was made for more sophisticated ways to treat the prisoners during the period in active service. All the strange looking devices were still in the room. Though it had been hard work to make it al work again I really think it was worth it as these devices really were something. My plan was to let my sweet &#8216;willing&#8217; pet try to treadmill, which looked like the kind of treadmill formerly used for wells and so on. This on had of course been modified in accordance to the needs in the dungeon. It consisted of an upright long and heavy center part with four steel rods pointing out from it located in waist high when the victim was standing in front of it. The heavy center pool had more steel rods mounted on it. Four steel rods were mounted high in the air above each rod in waist high. These rods were used for making sure the victims didn&#8217;t fall during the exercise as chains or leather straps could be strapped to their bodies and to the steel rod making sure they would remain in position. I have read in the old papers that it was normal to use harnesses with crotch straps for this purpose. I they fell during the exercise they would be supported by the sensitive flesh between their legs encouraging them to do their very best to maintain balance. As it was quite easy to operate the treadmill without any resistance one more steel rod had been mounted at the end of the heavy centre pool. This rod was longer than the other rods in order to make sure the circle for walking was free. Outside the circle of the treadmill two tracks had been incorporated in the floor and a wagon with steel wheels fitting in the track was standing on the floor. This wagon was connected to the long steel rod. When moving the treadmill this wagon was dragged around in the circle of the tracks. Then you could add weights on the wagon depending on how much stress you add to the victim during the exercise. I the old papers I had read that they sometimes &#8216;dressed&#8217; female prisoner in one of the cruel steel chastity belts with the cruel dildos penetrating ass and cunt. Then she was strapped to the wagon and the wagon was dragged around by a chain connected to the belt. It really must have been quite an experience being dragged like this.

I tried to operate the treadmill making sure it all worked. I was quite sure my pet would find it interesting operating this treadmill while wearing these steel boots. Right now I was sure she was desperate to get rid of them as they probably caused her a lot of pain due to the cramps. I had not yet decided how many rounds she would take. It would depend on her performance. I produced some of the nice devices for encouraging her to walk faster. Some of them really were sophisticated as the victim had to compete with the clock. If she walked too slowly the pain from these devices gradually grew worse and she would have to choose between walking faster in order to meet the demands or she would just have to accept that she had to endure the horrible pain from the devices growing stronger and stronger until she probably passed out. I would make sure she didn&#8217;t pass out as this would interfere with my plans with her. Satisfied that it all was ready I decided to wheel my pet into the area of fun and pleasure and I went to the area with the box containing her.

Back to the cell with the box I could hear that she was still screaming inside the box in a useless attempt to make it stop and to make me release her. I again opened the lid and watched her face while I rubbed my clit. My cunt was already dripping from my juices and I was extremely excited. 

Hi again my smelly worthless pet. You are still screaming! When do you realize that it is useless? It&#8217;s just a useless stream of words not making any changes to your condition. Though you seem to be extremely hot I don&#8217;t see any problems at all. I could easily let you remain like this for several days if I made sure you had enough to eat and drink. I assure you that this is only the beginning. You have much to learn before I am satisfied with you. I&#8217;m very excited to feel your tongue between my legs. I&#8217;m sure I will be able to learn you how it must be done and that you will learn to enjoy the taste no matter how smelly it is. I will make some tests as I will avoid cleaning it for days and then I will let you clean it with your mouth. Isn&#8217;t it exciting? I said and laughed again. It really was lovely to have this stupid girl completely at my mercy.

Please, I really think I have had enough!!! What ever I have done to deserve this I really think you have punished me enough. Please be wise and make it stop. I still promise to keep my mouth shut!! Pat tried once more.

Sure my smelly pet. You will keep your mouth shut when I want it as all I have to do to achieve that is to gag you!!! I actually think I will release you from the box but I only do it because I have further plans with you. Though it is exciting to see you suffer in the box I have to continue your training. Furthermore I always have the possibility to let you try it again if I think it is needed. You just have to accept that you are a controlled slut not able to make any decisions yourself. I decide what you do, I even am able to control when you shit and pee if I want to. Your body belongs to me now and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it. Now let&#8217;s open the box and wheel you to your next location. It&#8217;s really nice to have you strapped to this &#8216;comfortable&#8217; chair as it so easy to relocate you. I said and began to open the doors for the box. It really was a sight to see this sweat covered body just glistening in the light. Under the chair I could see a puddle of sweat and sweat was dripping from the steel boots. I wheeled the chair out of the box and they I adjusted her instep to normal position again.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuhhhhhhh she screamed as it caused her pain due to the stressful position they had been forced into for that long. But she still looked grateful as it made the cramps disappear from her legs and she again was able to control the cramps. I just ignored her screams and wheeled the chair to the next stop.

I placed the chair in a position giving her a clear view of the treadmill. She looked scared at it through the bars of her head cage. 

What is all this? What will you do to me? Please don&#8217;t make it even worse to me!!! she begged me.

This is my favorite room as it is large and it contains a lot of nice equipment for treating disgusting slave sluts like you. It is supper time and therefore I will leave you for a while giving you the time needed to take a closer looked of all the exciting devices. In order to make it more exciting for you I can tell that my plan is to let you try the treadmill. It hasn&#8217;t been in active duty for a long time and therefore I really think we need to try it again. As it might be quite difficult for you to meet my demands I have produced some additional equipment for encouraging you to do as you are told. Please be my guest and take a closer look at the devices and try to figure out how they work. If it is too difficult you don&#8217;t have to worry as I will show you later. I can imagine you are hungry as well. I have decided to be kind to you and offer you this bottle of cold but not that badly tasting soup I said and laughed again. 
It&#8217;s maybe a bit more than you normally eat but I&#8217;m sure you can take it. The bottle it equipped with a dispenser device. When I open the valve the small container at the end will be filled. When it is filled it will be emptied in the tube attached and then the floating ball will let the soup enter the container again and it starts all over again. You will have about 10 seconds to fill your lungs with air before the next amount enters your mouth. You will wear this feeding mask during this. It has a penis shaped hollow gag attached to a leather piece, which is strapped around the lower part of your face. Don&#8217;t be stupid trying to spit it out. It will only return to the bottle again and you will have to drink double amount before you are able to breathe again. Furthermore I warn you; if you against all odds succeed spitting some of the soup out on the floor I have ways to make you obey. I can for instance strap you to a special bed and strap a funnel deep into your throat. Then I can just pour gallon after gallon into the funnel until you feel like you are on the very limit to explode. I said while removing her head cage. Then I strapped the feeding device to her face after ramming the gag into her mouth. I made sure it was strapped tightly making it difficult for her to avoid her meal. As the hollow gag was pretty far inside her mouth it would be very difficult for her to avoid swallowing. 

Now I think you are ready. I will let you be free of the head cage for a while during your eating. I said and turned the valve. The tiny container at the end of the bottle hanging from a hook located over head but still visible for head quickly was filled and then the ball opened and the foul tasting soup entered the tube. The sounds coming from her told me she was swallowing. Then I could hear her gasping for air and she breathed heavily until the next amount entered. Satisfied that it all seemed to work I decided to leave her again and have a couple of hours rest before the next part of her ordeal. As the gag made sure the soup entered her throat I was quite sure she wouldn&#8217;t be choked during her dinner.

Enjoy yourself. When finished with your meal you can give the devices in the room a closer view. You will soon find out how it works! I said and laughed again. Then I left the room after slamming the door shut and locked. You can&#8217;t be too careful. Though she was chained to the chair you just can&#8217;t be too careful, I thought. 

I could hardly wait to read the next pages but as it was late I decided to wait. The diary wouldn&#8217;t run away from me and it really was nice to have this exciting diary to amuse me when I felt for it. It was just marvellous to read it. So well written, just like being with her! The fact that he was able to see all the devices and visit the same rooms where all this took place made it even more exciting.

Want more? Then please write a review for the story. Use the link http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/review.php?storyid=3305 for writing it. I have planned to upload chapter four when I have it back from my proof-reader after she have made the corrections needed. 
Finally I hope that some of you are interested in having the fun and pleasure it will be helping me writing the story. Though I have found some women ready to help me it would be nice with more. Maybe I decide to introduce more slaves in the story. Furthermore I have planned to make a group for the authors of the story. If you are a woman and you are interested in being a part of the story you will be invited as well. In my former stories the &#8216;real&#8217; victims and Mistresses participating have told me that reading their own name in the story made it very special and exciting to read the story.









Introduction of chapter four

Dear precious readers

Sorry that you have been waiting for too long for this chapter but a lot have happened since chapter three, which have been uploaded in a new version as you probably already have noticed.

In the adjusted introduction for chapter three I promised to tell more about the changes and I won&#8217;t disappoint you so here it comes.

First I can tell that I have found a nice cruel Mistress for helping me making sure the &#8216;poor&#8217; sluts will get what they deserve. Right now I only have one slave deep underground but in the bottom line of this chapter you will notice that it will change in chapter five.

The new Mistress is named Mistress Lex or Alexis and I&#8217;m sure you will all love her. She hasn&#8217;t written an introduction for herself yet but I&#8217;m sure she will do later. Right now she has had to leave me temporary due to personal reasons but I&#8217;m sure she will be back again fit for fight.

Then I have already told that I have had luck finding proofreaders for correcting the story (I still would love to have more to be ready if some of my proofreaders temporary can&#8217;t do the work due to personal reasons). The Mistress responsible for correcting the story is named La Toya. Here is what she asked me to tell in the introduction:

My name is La Toya. I am on of the proof readers for "the Old Courtroom.I have been Mistress for more then 20 years. At this time there are 2 female slaves that live with me 24/7.I do have one long distance slave, she was my first. She is right now taking care of her parents, who were badly hurt in a car accident, by a drunk driver.
I live in the southeast part of Michigan. Ihave been running my father's company since his passing some 8 years ago. The company must of need a woman's touch, as it's incomeas grown. My home is well away from other, which allow me to host a party or two for a group I am part of.
I know you will enjoy The Old Court Room.

Furthermore I have found one more co-writer ready to be trapped in this cruel prison located deep underground below the Old Courtroom. Some of you might already know her from the Library. Here is what she asked me to tell in the introduction:

 Hello to all the readers out there. My name is Jaeangel. Some of you might recognize my name from the posts at the Library Forums, and also as the author of several stories here at the Library. After some time away from the Library due to personal matters, I&#8217;m now back, and working with Master Mick on this newest project, &#8216;The Old Courtroom&#8217;. We hope you all enjoy our collaborative effort, and as always, feedback in the form of reviews is very welcome!

Sounds very nice, wouldn&#8217;t you agree? Please remember what she has written concerning reviews as they are our &#8216;fuel&#8217; for continuing.

Jaeangel has persuaded me that it is possible to write a story using multiple first person. This means that I sometimes write as Mick in first person as well as our &#8216;poor&#8217; slut Anne played by Jaeangel sometimes writes in first person as well. I have read it several times and I think it is working. Each switch is marked by a solid line. Please tell us if you think it is working in some of the reviews (remember to tell what you think about the story in the review too). If a lot of readers tell us that it doesn&#8217;t work we will consider to stop using it but I really hope you like it as it in my opinion makes the story more exciting to read because &#8216;my&#8217; poor slaves in the story are able to make their adds more personal.&nbsp; 

Jaeangel has also told me that using beta-readers before uploading the chapters of the story can be useful as it sometimes reveal stupid mistakes as well as beta-readers are able to make suggestions for improvement. If you would like to be a beta-reader for future chapter then sent me a letter using the address mickni2000@graffiti.net. Tell me your sex (female or male) and your sexual tendency (Dom or sub) and a few lines describing your desires. I prefer a varied group of beta-readers reflecting all aspects. I promise to reply your letter telling if you have been chosen as beta-reader or not. 

I still recommend that you join the group I have made using the link http://groups.msn.com/FriendsoftheoldCourtroom/_whatsnew.msnw. I haven&#8217;t done much in the group but it will make sure I can inform you about news and so on. Originally, I had made a Yahoo group with exciting stuff but it has been deleted twice and now I wait for a while with creating a new one as I try to figure out how to make sure it won&#8217;t be deleted. It is much work making it and therefore it&#8217;s a shame if it is deleted again. Should any of you be interested in keeping a group alive for the story I would be happy to hear. Then you can receive some stuff from me for uploading.

Though I have found co-writers for the story I still will be happy to have more. If it isn&#8217;t possible to include you I have planned to make a special group for writers ready to help me creating the chapters. Then you will be able to help us with new ideas for future chapters. Read more about co-writers in the introduction for part three.

We are looking forward to read your reviews and feed-back for this new chapter. If you find it difficult writing reviews then send your comment to the mickni2000@graffiti.net but we prefer your feedback uploaded in a review if possible. Remember to tell us if you have exciting ideas for new chapters. We can&#8217;t promise to include it but we promise to keep your suggestions in mind when continuing the story. This gives you the opportunity to have your deepest dark desire included in the story. Finally I want all of you to remember that it is possible to adjust already written reviews if you have more to tell, just find your review and click the edit button.&nbsp; I think this will do it. Chapter four is longer than usual. I first planned to transfer a bit of it to chapter five but after some thinking I decided to let you have it all as a reward for being patient for that long. As the writing includes more peoples now I will this time write; we proudly present:

The Old Courtroom, chapter four.

Anne&#8217;s first real painful punishment.

I decided to visit my secret dungeon and check out how my new pet was doing. I was still quite encouraged to train this slut together with a sadistic woman. 

I think the best would be to find a switch. Then she would be even cruller to her making Anne pay for the pain she had suffered herself in my hands. One idea could be to let Anne see me torturing her making her fear what to be in store for her. My girlfriend would always be superior to her and allowed to do whatever she found good in order to make Anne the most an obedience and submissive fuck and pleasure slave I was thinking while moving down the stairs.

I found Anne as I had left her sitting in her steel restraints totally exposed and probably suffering cramps not being able to move at all. The drug obviously had stopped working and she was fully awake I could see through the window in the door to her cell. She was looking at the mirror located in front of her. I was quite sure she didn&#8217;t like what she saw but I did. She looked absolute lovely in her dress.

I opened the door and entered the cell. She immediately started screaming in her gag yelling something, which probably had something to do with her condition and that she probably wanted me to release her. She didn&#8217;t recognize me as I was dressed in my favorite Master clothes including a scaring looking hood with only the eyes visible.

Without addressing her I wheeled a whipping horse into the adjacent cell and prepared it for my pet. It took some time preparing it as I had made some exciting modifications and improvements of this well known training and punishment device. Satisfied with my preparation I went to the cell containing my new pet. I couldn&#8217;t help getting a hard on looking at her sitting in her restraints and just awaiting what to come.

Still without talking I released her leg restraints. She stretched her legs looking a bit relieved though I could see that stretching them after being fixed that long caused her pain as well as the cunt lip clamps still attached cause her pain especially due to the movement of her legs. I removed the clamps and she firstly looked grateful. I took a step back and looked at her. Then she discovered that removing the clamps was as painful as wearing the clamps as the blood running back made them alive again. She just continued screaming in her gag. I enjoyed it for a while and then I continued releasing her. Though it wasn&#8217;t necessary I cuffed her hands behind her back. The time in the scavengers daughter had made her far too weak to resist at least until she had recovered the normal feelings in her limps again.


I was sick of this. The cramps in my muscles had been intensifying over the period of time that I&#8217;d been left in the torture device. All I could see was my own body, tightly restrained in this fiendishly uncomfortable position, reflected back to my own eyes from the polished surface of the mirror. The drug he&#8217;d given me to keep me asleep was wearing off, too, and it was leaving me with a ferocious headache. As the door creaked open, I tensed, and as soon as I saw him come in, I started screaming, demanding that he release me, let me go homeof course, all that came out was a muffled unintelligible garble, but I think he certainly understood me. I couldn&#8217;t see the expression on his face because of the black leather hood over his head, a hood that left only his eyes visible. He watched me for a moment, and I started feeling some anxious anticipation. After all, I didn&#8217;t know who he was or what he wantedscratch that, I knew exactly what he wanted. The way he had tied me made that completely clear. And I would be damned if I would give it to him willingly.

Still, I couldn&#8217;t suppress my almost-inaudible sigh of relief as he unbound my legs, allowing me to flex them and work the cramps out of the muscle. I couldn&#8217;t help but wince as the movement joggled the clamps on my labia, and my captor must have seen that. He obligingly released the clamps. I felt a moment of relief, and I started to smile and thank him through the gag, only to have the words turn into a howl of anguish as the circulation returning to the clamped flesh made me squirm in agony. I was still trying to recover all the feeling in all my limbs by the time he finished untying me, and though he must have deciphered my incoherent mumbles as a plea to be left unbound, he didn&#8217;t acquiesce. Instead, he cuffed my hands behind me.



I undressed her of the tricot as I wanted her buttocks be accessible for the whipping. Then I dragged her to the adjacent cell and placed her on the horse. I quickly restrained her legs to the legs of the horse making her stand with legs widely spread. She had already recovered control of the legs as it actually caused me some strength to restrain them.

Good, you are already feeling better. It&#8217;s excellent that you are able to recover that quickly. Must be because you have a well trained body I said.

She looked at me surprised to hear me talking. I made sure I talked different as I didn&#8217;t want her to recognize med, at least not now. 

Mmmmmmm whhhhaaaatt iiis tisss? Whhhaaaattt aaearre yoouuu douuing? she shouted through her gag. The gag did a good job. Though she was shouting I almost couldn&#8217;t hear her but I understood what she was trying to ask me.

Don&#8217;t you remember? You have signed a contract to be a lifetime slave. And even with no limits at all I told her laughing. I knew it wasn&#8217;t the truth but it would make her think about what actually happened before she woke up in her restraints.

The whipping horse was the kind with to legs at the back shaping an inverted V and a narrow plank for the torso to lie on. The plank was so short that the breasts were hanging free in the air when firmly strapped to it making it possible to whip the breasts as well for instance with a short whip with a triangular leather tongue for the nipples. The hands were strapped to the legs at the front making some movement of the body possible unless the torso was strapped to the plank. I didn&#8217;t strap the torso as I had some other plans.


With my feet still numb from the long-denied circulation, I could do nothing but endure the stripping, then stumble into the next cell, in which I knew he had prepared something for me. My face went cold, and my skin shivered in horror as I saw the barbaric device he now seemed determined to strap me to! I kicked with all my strength, screamed incoherently, tried to struggle, but he got me implacably settled on top of the sawhorse, my ankles spread and tied to the rear legs. Good, you&#8217;re already feeling better. I&#8217;m glad that you manage to recover so quickly. Must be because you have a well-trained body.

I jerked in surprise. I was quite sure I&#8217;d never heard this voice before, yet some instinct kept telling me I had. The inflections of the voice were different, and yet somehow similar. I couldn&#8217;t place it. What is this? What are you doing? I tried to make myself intelligible, hoping the owner of the voice would be open to reason, but even though he understood me (I was sure he did) his answer wasn&#8217;t what I was expecting.

Don&#8217;t you remember? You signed a contract with me that makes you my lifetime slave, with no limits and no safewords. He resumed doingwhatever it was he was doing, as my brain whirled. I was sure I hadn&#8217;t signed any contracthad I? I&#8217;d never agreed to any of thisdid I? I couldn&#8217;t remember much; the drug that had been given me to make me sleep had me all confused. But I was almost certain that I hadn&#8217;t done any such thing.

Almost.


I un-cuffed her hands and then I quickly chained them to the restraints located at the legs. She tried to resist and it caused me some difficulties to make her lie on the plank but as she couldn&#8217;t move her legs she lost the battle and she now lay totally exposed on the horse. I couldn&#8217;t help putting my hand between her legs rubbing her clit for a while. She frantically moved her ass from side to side trying to avoid my humiliating touch. I gave her a hard stroke with my left hand on the right buttock making her scream again. 

. A slave slut is supposed to keep her body still if her Master wants to inspect her. This is your first lesson. I am sorry I did touch you, you stink. Smell for yourself! I said and put my hands under her nose and wiped her face with her own body juices and piss. She actually did smell disgusting not being cleaned between her legs for that long. But it actually excited me as I knew it just added to her humiliation.

As my hand is already soiled, I&#8217;ll just take the trouble of showing you how you are expected to expose your ass during any forthcoming punishments. I said and took a good grip between her legs and lifted her ass as highly in the air as her leg restraints allowed it.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuu she shouted out due to the sudden not that kindly touch between her legs.

Now stay that way, I said and removed my hand. She immediately went back to the present position.

OK. it&#8217;s OK my sweetie, I forgot you haven&#8217;t received proper training yet. I&#8217;ll make sure you learn I said and went to a box located on the floor for the equipment I had already planned to let her try.

First I need to make sure you&#8217;re fully concentrating on what&#8217;s important. This is a discipline leather hood with a gag mounted inside. The gag is hollow for feeding purposes, meaning you can wear it constantly. I won&#8217;t need to remove it for any reason. I said smiling inside my hood as I could see she didn&#8217;t like what she saw.


I was liking this less and less with every passing minute. Here I was, helplessly restrained over a wooden sawhorse whose narrow plank was digging into my breast bone and causing me breathing problems, and thejerk who had captured me was feeling up my most intimate flesh with no more concern than if I were some big doll! No. I wasn&#8217;t going to have that humiliating touch on my privates again. I twitched my hips to the side, away from his exploratory hand, and when he tried to follow my movement, I twitched my hips the other way. Apparently, he had enough of this, because after a minute the skin on my buttocks heated up from the resounding slap! he dealt me. A slave slut is supposed to keep her body still if her Master wants to inspect her. This is your first lesson. I am sorry I did touch you, you stink. I shook my head in negation, and that apparently made him angry. Smell for yourself! and the disgusting pig actually wiped his hand, slimy with the moisture from between my own legs, all over my face. I almost sobbed in humiliation. I had definitely not signed up to do any such thing as this! I was certain of that.

As my hand is already soiled, I&#8217;ll just take the trouble of showing you how you are expected to expose your ass during any forthcoming punishments. He slid his hand between my legs, getting a good grip on my pubic mound, forcing me to hike my hips above the sawhorse, like a jockey rising in his stirrups. His touch wasn&#8217;t gentle; in fact, it was a tight, squeezing grip, uncomfortable in the extreme! I let loose a scream behind my gag, letting him know exactly how I felt about such cavalier treatment!

Now stay that way. I disregarded his demand and lowered my hips to the sawhorse. It wasn&#8217;t the most comfortable of perches, but I&#8217;d be damned if I was going to let him think I was giving in to himand my hips still hurt from their earlier cramped tied position.

OK. It&#8217;s OK my sweetie, I forget you haven&#8217;t received proper training yet. I&#8217;ll make sure you learn. He left me, shaking, wondering what this &#8216;learning&#8217; was going to entail, and went to a nearby box on the floor, which I had seen out the corner of my eye but not really noticed. My heart started pounding double-time when he showed me this evil-looking black leather hood with a grotesque protuberance in the lower front part of it. First I need to make sure you&#8217;re fully concentrating on what&#8217;s important. This is a discipline leather hood with a gag mounted inside. The gag is hollow for feeding purposes, meaning you can wear it constantly. I won&#8217;t need to remove it for any reason.


I removed her gag and rubber hood and then I fitted the thick leather hood. First she wouldn&#8217;t open her mouth for letting the gag enter but when I tightened the straps located outside the hood she realized that it was more comfortable accepting it than continue to avoid it. I blocked the feeding hole with the rubber plug attached for this purpose. The hissing sound told me she had discovered that breathing only was possible through the nose. She continued to shout and beg for release inside the hood.

You still won&#8217;t learn, I said and pressed the rubber bulb hanging from her gag. She frantically turned her head from side to side while she felt the inflatable gag expand inside her mouth. Gradually her useless begging noises disappeared and soon only her breathing was heard and I could hear dragging in enough air caused her some troubles but she seemed to be in a condition to get enough air. Satisfied I closed the valve for inflating the gag and removed the bulb from the hood.

I put my mouth close to her ear to make sure she could hear me through the thick leather while I caressed the hood from the outside.

Good, my dear, you are already feeling uncomfortable inside the hood. Don&#8217;t worry, it&#8217;s only the beginning. It&#8217;ll get worse. Now, if you do as you&#8217;re told, maybe I might decide to remove it again. I will now put on your training equipment. These things will teach you how to stand while being whipped. I&#8217;m sure you will love it, my dear, I said and took the nice equipment from the box.

First I locked a heavy steel belt around her waist consisting of two curved steel bands hinged together. Dangling from the front of the belt short curved narrow steel band that had been shaped for going up between her legs. Welded to the middle of the band was a steel wedge that would go up in the cleft when it was in place. The top had been rounded a bit to make sure it didn&#8217;t cut her to blood. Furthermore a large number of tiny rounded spikes had been welded on the inside next to the wedge. They wouldn&#8217;t puncture her cunt lips but they would surely be painful when they were pressed up between her legs. From the end of the short steel band a length of steel chain had been mounted. I then took the inflatable butt plug and greased it. The plug had a ring mounted at the end. I greased her ass hole and rammed the plug into place. The sounds inside her hood told me it wasn&#8217;t a pleasure for her. Then I dragged the chain through the ring and through the cogwheel mounted at the back of her belt and hooked the chain to then wire running from the ceiling. Now the cunt band with the wedge was hanging loosely between her legs. I adjusted the chain until the wedge parted her lips a bit but the spikes still didn&#8217;t touch her lips. Then I two steel rods at each side of her hips in two slots located under the plank for her torso at level at her waist band. Two switches with wires running from them were located on the rods at level with the waist band. The distance between the switches and her steel waist band was about one inch. Furthermore she was lying on a third switch located under her stomach connected to a wire as well. Satisfied with my work I connected a tube to her ass plug for inflating the plug. The chain between her legs made sure she couldn&#8217;t expel it as this was possible as long as it wasn&#8217;t inflated. I took a remote control and took place next to her hooded face again.

OK my dear, I think you are ready to feel the plug. I won&#8217;t inflate it that much as you haven&#8217;t been anally trained yet, I said and pressed a button. The hissing sound told me it worked as well as the head turning from side to side

Isn&#8217;t it lovely? Be careful you don&#8217;t come already. Let it last as long as you can.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t inflate the plug much. I was sure she would do it herself later during this next part of her training. 

Now I give you some instructions. I will soon leave you for some hours. Your job will be to expose your ass the best you can for the whipping. You won&#8217;t be whipped yet. During your training of maintain proper whipping position you can think about it. The whipping is just training to make you learn how disobedience might be punished or it is just done because I feel for it. I have decided to warm you up with the paddle before the cane will do its work. Now try to concentrate on exposing your ass for the cane and the paddle. I said and dragged in the chain running between her legs. She quickly raised her ass high in the air standing on the tiptoe trying to avoid the spikes and the wedge parting and pinching her cunt lips. The screams coming from her told me it worked. 

That&#8217;s good my dear. Remain in this position and I won&#8217;t drag again I said and let loose the chain again. It worked as she remained on the tiptoe. I again caressed her ass and her cunt lips putting my fingers between the steel band.

I will now leave you. Remain in position or you will be sorry my dear I said and pressed another button on my remote control. I slammed the door but I didn&#8217;t leave. I just took position in a comfortable chair in her cell, opened a beer and waited. I felt good with a cold drink after the work. Anne was beginning to have difficulties I could see. She probably thought I had left her meaning I wouldn&#8217;t drag in the chain if she failed. What she didn&#8217;t know was that it actually wasn&#8217;t necessary but she would soon find out. She moaned inside the hood and then she obviously decided to ignore my commands. She slowly lowered the feet and placed her stomach on the plank and the switch. A click could be heard and then it all happened fast. A magnetic switch unlocked a blocking device located at the ceiling and a heavy spring dragged in the chain running between her legs lifting her feet free of the ground within the restriction of her feet restraints. Simultaneously an air valve was opened for a few seconds inflating the butt plug a little more. After lifting her in ten seconds a humming sound could be heard and a device dragged the spring back in locked position again loosening the chain between her legs again making it possible for her to reach the floor with her feet again. She remained on the tiptoe afraid that she would activate the device again. All three switches had the same purpose meaning if she moved her hips sideward and touched the switches located on the rods the same would happen. 

Maybe she thought I still was in the room and that I now had left or she just was stupid. I don&#8217;t know but she didn&#8217;t maintain position for more that a minute before she tried once more. She frantically moved the head from side to side when it happened all over again. Her body began glistening of sweat but this time she tried it twice as she moved her hips side wards in pain when she was lowered again activating the mechanism once more. I think she now was about to learn what happened as she this time remained perfectly still after she was lowered again. She was still moaning inside the hood. I again took position and caressed her head outside the hood. The touch made her body jump and moves her hips and once more she was hanging in the air.

Oh, sweetie, I&#8217;ll be nice and give you some advice. Just do as you&#8217;re told. Do you think your asshole will be able to take much more? The plug must feel huge inside you. And how you sweat! You&#8217;ve certainly turned out to be a pig. You really stink of both piss and sweat. You even smell like shit as well and you&#8217;ve probably soiled the plug with shit. I&#8217;m glad I thought to plug you to make sure it remains inside you. I hope you&#8217;ll be able to control your bladder until I give you permission, because there&#8217;s a pail under you. If I find any of your filthy piss in it you will be compelled to drink it later. Initially I&#8217;d planned to train you like this for two hours, but your stubborn refusal to do what you were told has earned yourself an extra two hours. I hope you enjoy my training deviceand imagine how nicely red and swollen your lovely ass will be after your first paddling and caning! I said and laughed. Then I really left her after switching on the cameras. I placed a microphone just under her nose just to make sure I could hear her breathe. I had to be careful not loosing my precious pet and gagged like she was there would always be a danger that she would be choked. I attached a tube with a magnetic remote controlled valve to her gag. I had installed a remote panel in my living room as well making it possible to emergency stop her ordeal or to activate the device from this place.


I didn&#8217;t want to open my mouth and let that hateful thing enter my mouth. I wanted my mouth free, damn it! I wanted to shout, to curse, to rail at him and beg for my release...but when he tightened the straps around the outside of the hood and constricted the leather around my head, the pressure against my mouth was too fierce to bear and I reluctantly opened my mouth and let it fill my mouthand then to add insult to injury, he plugged the hole in the middle of the thing, making breathing only possible through my nose! I sucked in a huge lungful of air through my nose, then started yelling indignantly at the back of my throat, sounds of anger and desperation.

You still won&#8217;t learn, he said calmly, as if this was routine for himand I watched him pick up a rubber bulb-like thing that hung from the end, and squeeze it. I felt the protrusion inside my mouth expand, and I started shaking my head, my eyes widening in alarm. Surely he couldhe wouldn&#8217;tbut he did. The thing in my mouth expanded until I could barely breathe, and suddenly complaining wasn&#8217;t my primary concern; just getting in a decent breath of air was! Good, my dear, you are already feeling uncomfortable inside the hood. Don&#8217;t worry, it&#8217;s only the beginning. It&#8217;ll get worse. Now, if you do as you&#8217;re told, maybe I might decide to remove it again. He stepped back, and I waited fearfully for what would come next. I will now put on your training equipment. These things will teach you how to stand while being whipped. I&#8217;m sure you will love it, my dear. I was sure I wouldn&#8217;t.

I was right.

I felt cold, inflexible metal wrap around my waist. It seemed oddly unbalanced somehow, the belt seeming to tilt forward with the weight of something hanging down in front of it. I was busy trying to figure out what it was when I felt something push against my anus, and I renewed my struggles. No, he wasn&#8217;the couldn&#8217;tI had never had anything back there! I tried to make some sort of pleading denial, but the sounds stuck in my throatand anyway, I was sure he wouldn&#8217;t listen to me anyway! I felt the tip of thewhatever it waspressed against my sphincter, and then I screamed as he cruelly, brutally, rammed it home in my bowels. He was doing something with it, I could feel the thing twitching a little as metal clinked softly, but I was too miserable from the pressure of the thing in my butt to pay much attention to what he was doing. Something touched my labia lightly, parting it, but when no pain resulted my attention turned back to my poor stuffed ass. My bowels were cramping, and I tried to bear down and expel it. For a moment I almost felt a little movementand then it stopped, as if it had been prevented from sliding out. I also felt a little tug from the front of the metal &#8216;belt&#8217; he&#8217;d put around my waist; from that I deduced that he&#8217;d somehow attached the anal plug to the belt I wore, and expelling the intruder would now be impossible. OK my dear, I think you are ready to feel the plug. I won&#8217;t inflate it that much as you haven&#8217;t been anally trained yet. Anal training? Inflate? What did he mean?

The next moment the plug in my ass started to expand. I howled as my poor abused ass stretched inside to accommodate the plug. Isn&#8217;t it lovely? Be careful you don&#8217;t come already. Let it last as long as you can. Come? I was supposed to come with this thing in my ass? Never! Now I&#8217;ll give you some instructions, and I want you to pay attention. I am going to leave you in this position for a while. The intent is to teach you to expose your ass the best you can for a whipping.&nbsp; While I train you to maintain the proper position I want you to think about something. Any whippings you receive may be for the purpose of punishing you for disobedience, or I may punish you simply because I feel like it and I enjoy your screams. I have decided to warm you up with the paddle before the cane will do its work, so I want you to concentrate on exposing your ass for the cane and the paddle. I heard a rattling of chain, but the next second my attention was completely taken up by the feeling of something cold and painful pricking my labia as whatever it was between my legs was mashed into my pubic bone! I rose up on my toes instinctively, assuming the jockey&#8217;s position he&#8217;d forced me to assume earlier, and to my incredible relief, the pain eased. That&#8217;s good my dear. Remain in this position and I won&#8217;t yank on the chain again. After a few moments, I felt his presence leave my side, and soon the door slammed. I listened intently; thought I heard the slight &#8216;pop&#8217; as a bottle or can was opened, but there was no further sound. Thinking that my ears must have tricked me,&nbsp; I sighed aloud and came down off the raised position.

It all happened so fast. I heard a click and suddenly the slack in the chain was taken up so fast that I barely had time to scream as the spiked wedge-shaped thing mashed into my pubic bone and I was lifted up by that most sensitive part of my anatomy! Then, as if to add insult to injury, the plug in my asshole inflated as well! For what was probably a short time but seemed like an eternity to my suffering body, I hung there, then it suddenly let me down. This time, I kept my body positioned well up! Maybe that little pop I heard meant he hadn&#8217;t left? I was determined not to arouse his ire again.

It was quiet for a while. Had he gone? Was this thing still going to inflict that awful pain on me? I cautiously lowered my heels, coming to rest gently on the wood again, giving my strained calf and thigh muscles a chance to rest. And again it happened; I was suspended by my ass and the terrible thing between my labia, and the agony was terrible! When it let me down I tried moving my hips out to the side, to get my precious sex flesh away from the wedge between them, and the same thing happened. There was the lightest brush of something against my hip, and suddenly I was hanging again. The damn plug was still inflating, too, and now my lower belly was rippling with cramps as my anal muscles desperately tried to expel the intruder, the spasms causing me to break out in a nervous sweat. My thigh and hip muscles were shaking so badly from the involuntary muscular contractions that my leg buckled as I came down, and I felt a light touch on my other hip right before I was yanked upwards, hanging, again.

I hated him. Oh, I hated him. At that moment I wanted to get free and kill him. The humiliation, the painI was furious, but in my current position there was nothing I could do. So, gathering all my will, when the diabolic contraption lowered me again I forced my shaking legs to lock in place, holding my ass up and exposedand my poor abused labia off the torturing thing between them. 

Oh, sweetie, I&#8217;ll be nice and give you some advice. Just do as you&#8217;re told. Do you think your asshole will be able to take much more? The plug must feel huge inside you. And how you sweat! You&#8217;ve certainly turned out to be a pig. You really stink of both piss and sweat. You even smell like shit as well and you&#8217;ve probably soiled the plug with shit. I&#8217;m glad I thought to plug you to make sure it remains inside you. I hope you&#8217;ll be able to control your bladder until I give you permission, because there&#8217;s a pail under you. If I find any of your filthy piss in it you will be compelled to drink it later. Initially I&#8217;d planned to train you like this for two hours, but your stubborn refusal to do what you were told has earned yourself an extra two hours. I hope you enjoy my training deviceand imagine how nicely red and swollen your lovely ass will be after your first paddling and caning! He chuckled as he placed a microphone under my nose, and went about the cell, doing something I couldn&#8217;t see. Then he left, and this time I could sense his absence from the cell. He was goneand he&#8217;d left me like this! I was furiousbut the pain my position put me in was fast eclipsing the anger. I just wanted to avoid any more of that terrible pain, prevent that damn plug in my ass from getting any bigger! Already it felt like it was going to split me in half!


I had a nice rest in my living room watching television. Next to my television the monitor for my pet has been located making it possible for me to watch her all time. I counted at least ten lift free of the ground during this time and she moved her head more and more frantically from side to side. She looked like she had been batched in sweat and I was sure she was in a miserable condition wanting it so badly to stop. I knew the inflation of the plug had stopped as I have made sure it didn&#8217;t continue all time and causing her damage. At a certain level it slowly was deflated a little to make her feel it decrease until she failed again. If she failed too much she wouldn&#8217;t feel this deflation. I have done like this to make sure she still felt the plug work inside her when it had reached maximum level.

I decided to go to the basement and visit her again. Now it was time for the real fun. I switched off the television and again I made sure the doors was locked and made sure it looked like nobody was in the house. Safely in the dungeon with the entrance door locked making sure the entrance couldn&#8217;t be seen from the outside I entered the cell with the sobbing slut. Though she was gagged I could hear her beg for release. I took position beside her and touched her right nipple with one hand while caressing her hood with the left. Her body made a jump due to the unexpected touch and again she was hanging with her feet free of the floor moaning desperately in her gag. After ten seconds she was lowered again and the chain hung loosely from the ceiling. A locking device made sure the cog wheel didn&#8217;t let the chain between her legs loosen too much. By that the wedge still was splitting her cunt lips during her time of rest.

My dear, I just don&#8217;t understand why you want to torture yourself that much. Why not just remain in position to avoid this horrible pain from the spikes and the plug in your ass? Anyway it&#8217;s your own decision. Sometimes a slave is allowed to decide how she will feel herself and sometimes it is just completely out of her hands. I think you are ready for the rubber paddle to warm your buttocks for the real punishment, aren&#8217;t you? I asked. She turned the head from side to side the best she could while shouting no in the gag. I just ignored it and continued.

You will remain in the training device all time during the whipping in order to make sure you learn to expose your ass for a nice whipping. Are you ready for the first stroke? I don&#8217;t know how many strokes I will give you. It will depend on how sensitive your ass is. I said and without warning I gave her the first hard stroke. As predicted she immediately hung in the air again as she moved the hips from side to side trying to avoid the paddle. I continued paddling her ass while she was hanging in the air and I lowered the strokes when she was lowered again making sure she continued to be paddled all time.


I was in terrible pain by the time he came back. The slack in the chain holding the wedge against my pubic bone was gone, which meant hat the spikes were digging into my fresh all the time now. I was sure I was bleeding, but I couldn&#8217;t keep my ass raised the entire time; my legs were shaking so badly from their fully stretched, strained position that I couldn&#8217;t stay up on my toes for any long period of time. The intervals of standing were getting shorter, and I was ending up in the air more frequently. But I couldn&#8217;t help it.

He laid a hand on the hood; and then he touched my nipple. Offended that he would take such liberties with my body, I jumped backand ended up screaming helplessly again as I swung from the device. He made no attempt to help, no attempt to free me, and finally the device lowered me back down. My dear, I just don&#8217;t understand why you want to torture yourself that much. Why not just remain in position to avoid this horrible pain from the spikes and the plug in your ass? He was being sarcastic. He had to be. Had he ever tried standing on tiptoe for this amount of time? I would have bet money that he&#8217;d never had to. Anyway it&#8217;s your own decision. Sometimes a slave is allowed to decide how she will feel herself, and sometimes it is just completely out of her hands. Yeah. Like now. Leg muscles weren&#8217;t meant to stay up like that. I had taken ballet classes when I was younger; I remembered how badly my calf muscles used to ache after I was done with class from rising en Pointe for short periods while dancing. This was so much worse. 

I think you&#8217;re ready for the rubber paddle to warm your buttocks for the real punishment, aren&#8217;t you? No! I was not! But he was going to do it anyway. You will remain in the training device for the duration of the whipping in order to make sure you learn to expose your ass. Are you ready for the first stroke? I don&#8217;t know how many strokes I will give you. It will depend on how sensitive your ass is. Oh my God&#8212;no! But then pain blazed across my ass and I yelped in pain, begging him to stop when I could catch my breath.


SWACH, SWACK, SWACK, SWACK, SWACK
Aaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuaaa ssssstttttoooooppppppp I could hear her useless screams while her head moved hysterically from side to side and up and down. I really had a hard on doing it. There is nothing more beautifully than a women ass turning more and redder. Now it was about to turn deep red and it really looked beautifully. I think I gave her about 50 strokes before I was satisfied and tired in my arm as well. I placed the paddle on the table and spoke to her again while touching the deeply red burning buttocks. Then I put my index finger between the curved steel band between her legs touching her swollen cunt lips. She managed to remain in position not trigging the device during this treatment just breathing heavily through the nose holes in her hood. I took the flexible cane from the table with my right hand.

Now you are ready for the real punishment. An ass warmed up like yours is able to take more caning without being damaged that much. Aren&#8217;t you grateful? During the caning you will get time to recover between each stroke. I think 30 strokes will do it. I want to hear you count through your gag. If I can&#8217;t hear you counting the stroke don&#8217;t count. Normally I would want you to thank me as well but I don&#8217;t think this is fair to you gagged as you are. Try to maintain position the best you can in order to avoid further punishment I said while aiming the cane for the first stroke.

Swiish

Aaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu ooooonnnnnnnneeeee I hear her while being dragged high in the air again hanging with the spikes torturing her cunt lips again. I just waited for her to be lowered again and gradually her cries turned to a silent moaning telling me she was ready for stroke number two. SWIISH, the cane spoke its merciless language giving her buttocks another swollen stripe slowly turning almost black. This time she actually managed to remain in position but she cried frantically in her gag and hood.

Aaaaaaaaaooooouuuuuuuuuuuuuch aaaaaaaauuuu tttttwwwwwoooouuuuuu she desperately counted. 

Good Anne, very good, now you have only 28 strokes to go. I&#8217;m sorry you can&#8217;t see what a nice job the cane does to your stinking ass. When finished I can assure you it will be nicely striped and maybe a bit sore as well, don&#8217;t you think so? I asked her laughing again. I decided to undress and enjoy being naked while whipping her. Furthermore the whipping actually was pretty hard work meaning it would be nice to get rid of the warm clothes giving my dick the possibility to do as it wanted. 

Her screams turned more and more hysterically and frantically and it took longer and longer between each stroke before she was ready for the next one. I had no problems giving her all the time she needed. I really was a lovely sight to see her exposing her ass desperately trying to avoid activating the switches. She actually managed to limit the activation to only five times during the caning but her screams and behavior during the lifting from the floor told me she felt it was more than enough. 

She just has to learn to keep her filthy ass still and exposed. I thought while enjoying how she exposed her ass ready for the next stroke. There is just nothing as exciting than a slave totally exposing her ass awaiting the unavoidable pain to come when the cane sings in the air. My cock was almost exploding in excitement just pointing out from my body.

Receiving stroke number 22 she lost bladder control and soiled the floor though most of it hit the pail placed under her. This really was a sight. It really was an exciting look to see a female ass moving slightly up and down within the restriction of the switches while she was pissing and screaming inside the hood. Knowing how humiliated and degraded she felt just added to the excitement. I placed the cane on the table for a while and put on a pair of latex gloves. Then I put my right hand in the pail with the piss and took place beside the hooded head. I wiped the piss soaked glove under the holes for breathing making sure the hood was wet of her filthy piss.

You filthy slut, can you smell what you did? You just couldn&#8217;t wait until I offered you permission to piss! You even soiled the floor. You really have much to learn. And you still lack 8 strokes before you are through. This will mean further punishment. Your reward for this act will be 5 strokes with the nipple whip on each nipple! Normally I would make it ten for each but as it is your initial training I will be kind to you. You will be allowed to thank me later with the best blowjob you are able to give starting with licking asshole before the blowjob! I said laughing loudly and then I removed the latex gloves and continued the caning.

I continued whipping her ass until she had received the 30 strokes or 32 as she failed to count twice. Rather stupid of her but when a slave decides herself she deserves to be rewarded. I don&#8217;t think I ever had seen a female body sweating as she did after the final stroke. Sweat was dripping to the floor. I had managed to whip her without making any open wounds. Open wounds could cause infection problems and I certainly didn&#8217;t want this to happen. I was of course prepared meaning I had strong disinfect ready to use. I decided to pour a generous amount on her ass anyway, just in case. The contact with the disinfect to her sore skin told me that I might have cause her some open wounds as she screamed in her gag again clearly indicating that it caused her pain. I smiled at her discomfort and pain. 

OK sweetie, my pain slut, now you are almost through. Had you showed proper bladder control you would have been through. I&#8217;m happy you are plugged in the ass otherwise you would probably have soiled the floor with shit as well. I said and took the short rubber whip with the triangular rubber tongue. 

Nooooooouuuuooo, pleauusssee nooooooou moooure she begged me.

What are you trying to tell me? Sorry, but I just don&#8217;t understand! I said while aiming the whip to her right nipple.

SWIIISH!

Auuuuuuuuuuooouuuuuuuuuu, nooouuuuuuuu she screamed again.

Don&#8217;t be such a baby, just be brave and take your punishment! I said and continued. After stroke number 10 she really was breathing heavily and I actually think she was on the very limit to pass out. I actually was a bit proud of her that she had remained consciousness during her punishment. I did of course not tell her. 


As if the paddling wasn&#8217;t enough! I&#8217;d never been hit by someone intending to hurt me before, and the bite of the cane was intensely painful. I managed to countbut I was sure I&#8217;d missed some somewhere along the way by the time he&#8217;d finished. And to add to my humiliation, I&#8217;d totally lost control of my overfull bladder and I&#8217;d released all over the floor, the device, and the pail! I remembered what he&#8217;d said about drinking it, and it was desperation as well as pain that made me scream with the next stroke. At the end, I saw him pick up another whip, and my pride deserted me as I begged him not to hurt me anymore.&nbsp; Nothing I said made any difference to my implacable captor, who commenced whipping my poor defenceless breasts! I was hanging limply in my bonds, dizzy and light-headed, close to passing out, when he finally stopped.


OK slut, this was your first real training. I wasn&#8217;t that satisfied with your behavior and performance, but don&#8217;t worry, you will receive plenty of training making sure you will be ready to do whatever is expected of you. As I haven&#8217;t trained you for oral sex yet I don&#8217;t think it is a good idea to let you thank me for my kindness concerning the nipple whipping yet. I have a better idea. I said and started to unbuckle the hood. Before pulling it of I put on my own hood again. I didn&#8217;t put on any clothes. It would do her good to see me with stiff cock. I deflated the gag and the sounds coming from her clearly indicated that she was happy that she was able to move her jaws again and that it wasn&#8217;t that difficult for her to breathe any longer. Shortly after I saw a sweat covered head with hair glued to the head and eyes blinking in the bright light. I quickly gagged her again with a hollow tube gag. She actually still looked grateful though she complained when I strapped it to her face but the fact that it still was easy to breathe seemed to make her a bit happy.

I will now deflate the plug and remove it as well as I will remove the chain between your legs. You will probably miss the feeling of the spikes and the wedge as well as your filthy gut might feel empty but don&#8217;t worry, I will offer you to try plenty of different shaped plug out later. Right now I have planned something different I said while deflating the plug. I quickly withdraw it from her ass and it left the hole with a blub sound. The hole remained open though you could see the muscle was beginning to regain normal size again. The plug was covered with her disgusting shit and it really smelled badly. I wiped the worst shit of it with some paper and then I took position beside her head again.

Here is my plan. As I don&#8217;t feel for give you a throughout enema for cleaning your filthy gut I will put on a condom before fucking your oozing asshole. As you need some blowjob training and as I think it will do you good to smell and taste your own shit I have decided to let you suck on the half length of the plug while the other soiled part of it will be located under your nose. Then you will be able to both smell and taste it while I fuck your backdoor. Isn&#8217;t it a wonderful idea, my fuck slave? I said and laughed again.

Nooou ,douun&#8217;t dou thiis. I caun&#8217;t taauke thiis! Pleaooo Her begging sounds was cut off by the filthy plug. The movement of her stomach told me she was suffering from nausea tasting her own shit. I just ignored it and made sure the plug remained in position while I fucked her. I dressed my cock with the condom in front of her face and then I took position behind her. Her asshole had regained normal size again. I had chosen a lubricated condom making it easier to enter her. Though she had been plugged minutes ago she screamed when I entered her gut telling me she wasn&#8217;t used to backdoor fucking. It really felt marvelous entering her rosebud and excited as I was it only took a few minutes before I exploded deep inside her. The fact that I had my hands on her swollen buttocks made her moan in discomfort. She surely would be sore that place for a while. I couldn&#8217;t help touching her sore and swollen cunt lips during the fucking as well. I really could feel that the spikes and the wedge had done a good job. I decided that it was enough as I was exhausted and satisfied and as Anne needed some time by herself to recover. I produced a collar with two cuffs attached to it with very short link chains. I locked the collar around her neck and then I untied her arms and clicked the waiting cuffs around each hand. This made sure she wouldn&#8217;t be able to touch her sore ass and cunt. Then I untied her legs and dragged her off the horse. She almost collapsed on the floor totally exhausted. I decided to leave her in the cell for the night and I locked her collar to a chain bolted to one of the walls giving her a little freedom to move around as well as she was able to lie on the concrete floor. I quickly locked a spreader bar to her feet. The spreader bar made sure she had to lie on either back or front meaning she would have to choose between her sore nipples and cunt or her deeply red and swollen buttocks. Then I wheeled the horse out again as well as I removed all the other nice equipment I had entertained her with. Then I returned to her cell again.

If you promise to be silent I will be kind and leave you without gag. Maybe you even want to enjoy the taste and smell of the plug during the night? The monitors and microphone will be turned on and if I hear any complains you will be gagged and hooded again. Is this understood? I asked her. She nodded continuously very intrigued to have the disgusting smelling and tasting plug removed. I removed the gag and with a great sound of relief she had it removed.

If you need to piss or shit during the night the chain is long enough to let you use the hole in the floor. If I find the floor soiled tomorrow you will be sorry. As you probably are thirsty I will prepare a drink for you I said and took a pretty large bottle and then I took the pail with her piss and emptied it in the bottle, which made it half full. Then I added fresh water until it was full. 

Here you are sweetie and this will be your food. Just put your head in the food when eating. Pigs don&#8217;t use spoons for eating, have a pleasant night of sleep my dear I said and placed a plate with a brown foul looking mixture in front of her. I didn&#8217;t want to tell her that it has been mixed up with my own juices, she would surely find out later. Without more speaking I left the cell and locked the door.


What a relief! He removed the hood, and I blinked as I finally saw light after what seemed like an eternity of darkness. Not even the hollow tube gag he shoved in my mouth could completely erase my happiness at being out of that dreadful sweaty hood. He deflated the plug and drew it out, commenting about how empty I would feel and how he had many other things he wanted me to try taking in my asshole. Spent and exhausted, I just lay there and let him do whatever he wanted. I didn&#8217;t have the energy to fight him anymore; I was in too much pain. My asshole gaped open, cool air brushing the inflamed, stretched tissue inside, and I had a brief flash of panic, thinking about how it must look and wondering if I was ruined for life. A sudden urge to shit overwhelmed me, but, terrified that I might be compelled to do something disgusting with it later, I clenched my ass as best I could, and to my relief my asshole started to tighten back up and the urge to have a bowel movement went away. 

Here we go. I don&#8217;t feel like giving you an enema to clean your filthy gut, so I&#8217;m going to put on a condom before fucking your oozing asshole. But since you need some blowjob training and because I think it will do you good to smell and taste your own shit, I have decided to let you suck on half of the plug while the other soiled part of it will be right under your nose. Then you&#8217;ll be able to both smell and taste it while I fuck your backdoor. Isn&#8217;t it a wonderful idea, my fuck slave? 

No! It wasn&#8217;t! I couldn&#8217;t have that plug in my mouththere were all sorts of diseases and stuff you could get from human fecal matterI&#8217;d heard about itI couldn&#8217;t do that! As he pulled the tube gag out of my mouth I opened my mouth to plead with him not to make me do this, I was sure I&#8217;d be sickbut he took advantage of the open orifice and rammed the plug home. My stomach immediately roiled, nausea washing over me as I fought to get this thing out of my mouth and vomit, but he secured it with a strap through the ring set into the base, the ring I now saw was how he had kept it in my ass, and commenced sliding his cock into my asshole! Despite having had the plug in there for hours, it was still tight enough to cause me some considerable pain, and I screamed with the intrusion, inadvertently swallowing some of the shit-flecked saliva in my mouth in the process. And then I found myself swallowing more, involuntarily, as he kneaded my raw buttocks and cunt lips as he thrust in and out of my tormented asshole, reaming me out thoroughly and causing me incredible discomfort. Fortunately it didn&#8217;t last long; I heard his breathing hitch, speed up, and seconds later his cock twitched several times in my asshole before he drew it out. I collapsed on the horse, sobbing, drained, exhausted.

He produced a collar that locked around my neck, and had two cuffs attached to it. One by one, he released my wrists, only to lock them to the collar. I sobbed in frustration as I realized I couldn&#8217;t touch my raw ass, couldn&#8217;t rub the aching muscles to work out the cramps. He released my legs from the horse, and I momentarily thought about kicking him, but he locked a spreader bar to the cuffs between my ankles. I&#8217;m sure he meant me to have no option but lying on my sore breast, or my raw ass, but after yanking on the spreader bar a little I determined that after he was gone I&#8217;d be able to use the joint in the spreader bar attachment to turn my hips forward instead of out to the side. With my legs apart in a partial split, I&#8217;d be able to lie on the outside of my breast. It wouldn&#8217;t be the most comfortable, but it was better than resting on my sore assor my poor breasts!


In my living room I switched on the monitor and loudspeakers and enjoyed her struggling to find the best place for resting. Before leaving I had switched on the heating and adjusted it to maximum level. The heat would add to her discomfort and make sure she wouldn&#8217;t get a coldness sleeping on the concrete floor. That means if she would be able to sleep due to her sore ass, asshole and cunt. She probably would have some rest during the night exhausted as she were. But she would probably awake every hour or so due to the pain. It made me a bit horny again to think on the discomfort she would suffer during the night. As she was in a quite safe condition I decided to leave her alone. I switched on the recorder as I still wanted to be able to punish her if she complained during the night. It didn&#8217;t matter she wasn&#8217;t punished right away all that mattered was that she felt completely controlled and that she knew for sure she was punished if she didn&#8217;t obey orders.

A new girlfriend?

I decided to visit my favorite bar as I wanted some fun and entertainment and as I still hoped I would find the right woman to join me in my dungeon. I had been in the bar for about two hours when a very interesting woman entered the room. She was dressed in a black dress and long black leather boots. Around her neck she had tied a black piece of shiny fabric almost looking like a slave collar. The arms on the dress were a kind of open type exposing her quite muscularly arms. She was a big woman and she was a little beefy but not fat. It actually made her look better. Her long black hair was curled up at the back making her look like something in between a mistress and a slave. I decided to try the classic approach.

Hi, I haven&#8217;t seen you before. My name is Mick; will you let me buy you a drink? I said.

Sure, why not? I didn&#8217;t come here to dehydrate! she said and smiled at me.

We soon were in a deep conversation. She introduced herself as Alexis, and told me she had moved from another country as she had not been able to find work within her field of expertise. She was about to run out of money and she desperately needed work. She asked me if I knew about any possibilities. When I enquired about her training she told me she was an educated nurse but she was ready for almost everything in order to earn money for living. Though I was ready to make her an offer I waited until I knew more about her and I therefore just promised her to remember her if I found something suitable for her. We continued talking and I gradually changed subjects in order to find out what I wanted to know. I continued buying her drinks making her more open to me. Then I decided to make the move and I told her that I really thought she was a good looking woman and the way she was dressed gave me associations in the direction of the black universe. 

Am I right in this observation? I asked and smiled at her. 

Isn&#8217;t it a bit early to discuss sex? she asked but the look in her eyes told me she wanted to tell me something.

Well, you might be right. It&#8217;s just that if I am right I might have an offer for you solving both your problem with work and making sure you will get what you like. Do you want to hear more or do you still think it is too early? I asked her giving her a charming look and a short blink with my right eye trying to make her curious. Her reply told me I had mad a bulls eye.

Well, now I am curious. Before telling you more about my sexuality I want you to reveal what you have in mind. All I will tell is that you aren&#8217;t completely wrong she said and smiled again.

OK, then I makes the next move. I think you like to be both a mistress and a slave. With other words, you are a switch but your favorite is the dominating part. Furthermore I have the feeling that your desires include a slave combined with a male master. It is actually of no matter if the slave is male or female. You like them both. Am I right? I asked her.

I think you are good reading peoples. What you just have described is almost the truth about me. My favorite is to be a switch. I don&#8217;t know if it is too early to tell you about my deepest dream? she asked me.

In my opinion you have nothing to loose and a lot to win. In order to make you more curious I can tell that if I am right concerning your deepest dream I actually think I will be able to give you the life you are dreaming about. I don&#8217;t think it is a surprise to you if I tell you that I&#8217;m into SM as well and that I like to be the dominating part of a relation? I asked her

No, not at all. I had that feeling. What the hell, you sound like an honest man and I might win if I tell you. My deepest dream is to find a Master willing to have me as his favorite slave, a Master who sometimes will make me feel pain while another slave is watching. The fact that another slave is watching will make it even more humiliating and degrading. But what I always know during this punishment is the fact that this slave will have to suffer for watching and enjoying my discomfort and pain. The more I suffer the more she or he will have to endure after my ordeal and I will be the one carrying out this punishment. That is my deepest and darkest desire. I can tell you that I have some experience but only as the dominating part. I haven&#8217;t found a Master yet that I trusted that much that I would offer him full control in accordance top the agreements made between us. Do you want to hear about my experience? she asked

No, I think I will save this for later. I have a suggestion. It is late and we are both drunk and we might have told something we regret later. My suggestion is that you give me your phone number and I give you my address. Your phone number is just to make sure I can call you tomorrow if you forget about our agreement. Tomorrow you come to my place. You will be dressed in your favorite Mistress outfit. If you don&#8217;t want anybody to see you then hide under a coat and wait with putting the visible part on until you are safely in my house. Ring the bell once when you arrive and walk into the entrance. Then you will walk through the entrance and enter the door at the end of the corridor. In this room I will be awaiting you with a nice drink for you. You don&#8217;t need to bring any slave outfit with you; I will choose a slave outfit for you. I have a lot of exciting slave outfits. Proper dressed in your lovely outfit you will tell me your story and then I will tell you what I can offer you if you do well. If you are interested I will put you through an initial test just to make sure you really are a switch. I know how to test it. As you probably don&#8217;t trust me enough to let me chain you up for the test we will do it without. The only problem for you will be that any interfering with your arms or hands will mean new test. If you agree to let me chain you up it will be easier for you but that will be a choice of your own. If you think you need any more safety it will be your own responsibility. All I want you to do is to tell me if you have made precautions. I think we both need to play with open cards. I have been open to you and therefore I think I deserve the same from you. I won&#8217;t be happy if your mobile phone suddenly rings and you haven&#8217;t told me that a friend of yours is watching us and if you don&#8217;t pick up the phone she rings the police. It&#8217;s Ok with me if you have made such a precaution. You just have to accept that I will have to make some precautions as well to make sure I won&#8217;t get into troubles. What do you think? I said excited to hear her answer.

It really sounds like a great idea to me! she said while writing her phone number on a paper. I made a check call just to make sure it was the right number. Then I wrote my address on a note and I gave her a short but hot kiss before I left her again.

Home again.

Back home again I decided to have a nightcap before going to bed. I took position in my favorite chair with a large Scotch. I switched on the monitor to see how Anne was doing. I had luck to switch it on just in time to see her sleep on her back and awake again with a jump feeling the pain in her sore ass. With a great deal of difficulties she managed to turn around making her lie on her chest pressing her sore nipples against the hard concrete floor. Her body glistened of sweat due to the extreme heat in her cell. It really was an exciting view to watch her difficulties turning around due to the spreader bar making any movement a challenge. Before turning around she tried to bend her torso towards her lap in the hope that the short link chain between her collar and hands would be long enough to let her caress her sore and swollen cunt lips but as predicted it wasn&#8217;t possible. The moan and cries in the loudspeaker clearly indicated that she didn&#8217;t have a pleasant night of sleep. I could see she had drunk some of her tasty refreshment. Then I heard her telling something making me await her next move in excitement.


I&#8217;d told myself I wouldn&#8217;t touch the piss-and-water mixture in the bottle, but I really was thirsty. By taking shallow sips, swallowing immediately, and holding my breath, I managed to take the edge off my thirst. I also reasoned that the ammonia in it would kill whatever bacteria had gotten into my stomach from the nasty plug he&#8217;d forced me to swallow.

And that brought my mind back to yet another issue; my ass was still full of fecal matter I had to get rid of. Maybe, I told myself, if I do it in the hole, he won&#8217;t come up with something disgusting to do with it later, like make me eat it again. Gross! I wanted to gag at the thoughtand I suddenly realized I&#8217;d been talking to myself. Well, there was no one else here, and I was getting lonely. The sound of my own voice was comforting, so I kept talking. It alleviated my boredom, anyway. So how am I going to get my ass over that hole? He said the chain was long enough, butoh, damn it, I have to try. I planted my feet and levered myself up using my chained hands against the wall to pull myself up, then I waddled, duck-like, to the hole. I tried to squat, but the spreader bar kept me too off-balance, and I ended up sitting on my sore behind with a pained squeal. Keeping in mind how my balance was altered, I lowered myself again, this time leaning my upper body forward to offset the awkwardness in the back. Then I released, to my intense relief, and I smiled as I got back up. Too bad I don&#8217;t have toilet paper, I muttered. I hope I don&#8217;t get an infection from all that bacteria on my raw ass. I decided not to lie on my side; it would squish my nether cheeks together and spread the filth around. Instead, I eased my sore nipples to the floor and lay like that for a while, my cheek pressed to the floor. At least, I mumbled to myself as I dozed off, I won&#8217;t catch cold because it&#8217;s cold


Maybe, she told herself, if I do it in the hole, he won&#8217;t come up with something disgusting to do with it later, like make me eat it again. Gross! she started to move her body in position with a great deal of difficulties. First she managed to get on her feet. Then she walked towards the hole the best she could with her legs widely spread due to the spreader bar. A few inches from the hole she turned around and squatted over the hole. It really was a sight to see her doing it with her legs widely spread. She screamed loudly when she failed her first attempt a fell to the floor sitting on her sore buttocks. Her second attempt was more successful and she managed to squat over the hole with her ass a few inches above the hole. Then she relaxed her guts and I had a clear view of both her swollen cunt lips and her shit escaping her sore ass hole. I was happy smell wasn&#8217;t included in my monitoring equipment. After a few minutes she was finished. I could hear her complaining that she wasn&#8217;t able to wipe her asshole with paper. Her only choice was to get back on the floor in the preferred position. She chose the chest again. She probably wanted to wait for a while with lying on her newly soiled ass. I enjoyed her discomfort, humiliation and degradation for a while and then I switched of the monitor again. I really was excited about the next day. I just hoped so much that Jane was the woman I had been looking for. I really had the feeling that she were but tomorrow I would know for sure. 

I decided to read a few pages in the diary before sleeping. I was horny and reading a few pages would surely make it easy to make myself explode and shoot my load. 

The 4th of June 1952, afternoon:

After a nice rest I went to the dungeon again. I&#8217;m still sorry you can&#8217;t see the dungeon dear reader but I have decided to let this remain my secret.

Wrong my dear! But I promise to make you proud of me making it alive again. Who knows; if there is a life after this we might even meet I said and smiled. Then I continued.

My slut had finished her nicely tasting dinner. I know it wasn&#8217;t kind of me to mix her food up with my piss as well but I just couldn&#8217;t help it. This slut deserved it! She had humiliated and degraded me and now she had to pay the price for her act. Maybe it wasn&#8217;t fair to let her pay that much put see was just so sweet that I had to have a lot of fun and pleasure together with her. She really was the pet I always had been dreaming about and now she was just mine. I didn&#8217;t have to share her with anybody. 

How are you? Was it a pleasant supper? Your stomach seems to be a little swollen. Maybe I did overestimate your need for food? I said and laughed again.

Moounnnnnnn ouoooommmmm she tried to speak in her gag. 

Sorry dear, I can&#8217;t understand you. I&#8217;ll have to remove the gag. Then we can have a nice chat while I prepare you for your next training. It&#8217;s always nice with a conversation while working. I said while removing her gag.

It tasted awful, what had you done to it? And my stomach hurts. It already started to hurt after a little more than half of the bottle. I was terrible afraid that I would choke in it. I hardly could breathe during the last half of the bottle. Why are you doing all this to me? What have I done to deserve this? she asked. She actually sounded a bit submissive telling me that she was about to realize the hopeless in her condition. 

Nothing specific! I lied to her, I just love to treat smelly disgusting sluts like you like this. That&#8217;s all. It makes me horny and wet. I might be your worst nightmare; a sadistic lesbian who has fallen in love with you. What more can you dream about? We will have a lot of fun together. After some more training I&#8217;m sure you will even beg to be allowed to lick my ass clean. Isn&#8217;t it exciting? The smell of my ass will probably be like the smell of expensive perfume compared to your stench! I said and laughed again. Now keep your mouth shut until I address you again. You need to be prepared for your next ordeal. I&#8217;m sure you will love it. What really makes it exciting is the fact that you will be the one controlling how much pain you will feel. During your next ordeal I will be comfortably sitting in a nice chair sipping a glass of wine while you entertain me. I said while locking the head cage around her head again. I again turned the handles mounted on each side of her boots making her instep point downwards again. I continued turning until they were always in line with her legs. She moaned in discomfort again. 

Noooooooo, not this again! I just can&#8217;t take these horrible cramps all over again! she screamed.

Don&#8217;t worry my dear. This time it will be different. Just wait and see! I said smiling at her. I wheeled the chair to a position just below one of the rods on the top at the treadmill. I attached a chain running from the rod to the ring at the top of her head cage. I unbuckled the leather restraints strapping her to the chair. Then I started operating a handle located on the upright beam which supported the four rods at the top. Gradually she was lifted free of the chair by her head cage. It didn&#8217;t look that pleasant to her. Soon she was standing upright only supported by the chain from the head cage and the steel boots on the floor. 

I know it is painful and difficult but try to keep balance or it will be even more painful. I said almost sounding like I cared for her but I just couldn&#8217;t help laughing.

Please noooooooooooo, have mercy! These boots! They are squeezing my feet and my toes can&#8217;t take it! Take me down, pleaseeeeeeeeeeee she begged.

No my dear, this is only the beginning. I&#8217;m not even halfway through with the preparation! You need a lot more of all the exciting equipment this lovely dungeon hides. Just be a brave slut and do the best for keeping balance! I said laughing again. Then I locked chains running from the rods placed at waist high to her waist belt. I then produced a trolley and locked it to the rod in front of her and placed a couple of heavy weights on the trolley. 

Now we are almost ready. It actually isn&#8217;t needed to use a trolley for adding stress to the exercise. You see the brake mounted beside the beam? When operating the brake it will be more and more difficult to move the treadmill. I just thought you would find it more amusing to see the trolley move in front of you during your exercise. All we need before you begin is something to encourage you to finish the exercise as quickly as possible! I could of course decide just to whip you if you didn&#8217;t behave well but I have something better and more exciting in store for you. I said and shoved a sophisticated device. She looked scared at the device. It consisted of a curved steel rod which was penis shaped at the lower end. At the other end a steel container with a lid at the top had been welded into place. Furthermore a steel plate had been welded to the long rod just below the container. On both side of the plate two pieces of wood had been mounted and at the end of these wood pieces steel plates with holes drilled into them had been mounted.

This really is effective in what it does to the victim. The penis shaped rod is rammed deeply up into your ass and then the device is locked to your belt. The wood makes sure the steel rod is heat isolated from your belt. When firm in place I will poor boiling oil into the container and close the lid. As oil can be much hotter that water it will last for long before the temperature has decreased to a level that won&#8217;t causes you pain. The heat will gradually be transferred to the rod as steel is very heat conductive as you probably know. After some minutes you will feel the plug in your ass turn hotter and hotter. It&#8217;s no need to tell how long it will take as you surely will find out. On the wall you can see a counting device, which now shows zero. Each time you have walked one round it will increase one number. I want you to take 10 rounds and then I will let you rest for the night. I know the boots causes you pain but I actually think it is nothing compared to the pain deep in your ass if you spend too much time for doing it. It will completely be your own choice. I will just enjoy your exercise sitting in my comfortable chair while sipping cold white wine. I think we are ready to begin I said while ramming the penis rod deep up in her ass making her jump and scream again. Then I put on a pair of heat protection gloves and I took pot with boiling oil from the electric ring. I carefully filled the container with the boiling oil and then I unlocked the brake.

 Ok sweetie; let the exercise begin! If I were you I would hurry up. The heat is transferred pretty fast to your ass plug but it is still your own choice! I said laughing loudly while I took position in my chair giving me a clear view of my disgusting slut exercising.

I can&#8217;t! Please don&#8217;t force me to this! Nobody will ever be able to go through this! It just can&#8217;t be right! You have no right doing this to me! she desperately begged me. I just remained silence just awaiting the plug to encourage her to do her very best. Awkward she tried to start moving. It really was a sight to see her try to walk in these exciting boots locked to her feet. She fought to keep balance not causing her even more pain. Slowly she started to move the treadmill. Her body was already sweaty and glistening. The look at her face and the sounds escaping her mouth clearly indicated that she was suffering extreme pain but she just had to continue. She knew about the plug gradually being heated of the boiling oil. After the first round she screamed again.

Aooouuuu, my feet are feeling like they are broken and I can already feel the heat from the oil. I will never be able to go through this. Please make it stop! she begged me again. I had actually tried the plug. It doesn&#8217;t take long before you can feel the heat but it take some time before it causes you pain. But I was quite sure that it would be quite uncomfortable for her before she had finished the exercise. I just remained silence and enjoyed the show. Pat actually managed to increase speed though she had severe difficulties keeping balance. She continued complaining. The counter now told her that she had completed round number four.

Please! Aaaaaauuuuuuuuuuoooooooo, now it is really hot in my ass. Please let this be enough! Please have mercy, I&#8217;ll do what you want me to do but please make this stop! she begged me again.

No my smelly slut! You haven&#8217;t behaved that well to me. You will complete this exercise and after that you will still be ready to do as you are told; just wait and see! I shouted just to make clear to her that I was serious about this exercise. I eagerly rubbed my clit while shouting at her. I had already decided to let her satisfy me orally after she had finished her exercise. 

Frantically Pat tried to increase the speed but it really caused her problems. The trolley dragged in front of her didn&#8217;t make it easier.

Maybe you want me to take position on the trolley? Don&#8217;t you think it would make it even it more exciting for you? I asked her and laughed loudly again.

Noooooooooooooo, noooooooooooooo, please doesn&#8217;t! It&#8217;s hard enough as it is. I really don&#8217;t need more! My legs are cramping and my ass is burning! Please let me free. I really have had enough! she continued her useless begging. From the papers I knew that after ten minutes that was the time she had endured the heat from the rod it was hot but not alarming hot. It was written that a victim had taken it for almost twenty five minutes but after that she had suffered pain in her ass for almost two days before it was bearable for her. But even after that long it hadn&#8217;t caused her permanent damage. Pat would have completed long before this time. The problem right now was the fact that I really needed her head between my legs. I decided to gag her with a ring-gag when she had completed the exercise. Then I would bury her face between my legs and order her to use her tongue until I told her to stop. I actually had another cruel plan with her while she had her head between my legs.

Just be a brave slut and hurry up! I actually want you to hurry up though I have told you that you are the one deciding the speed. You only need four more rounds. It really should be no problem for you I said with a smile trying to encourage her to do her very best. She continued the best she could without begging anymore. I guess she finally had realized that it was a useless waste of words and that it didn&#8217;t make anything better to her. After round number nine I really had my doubts that she would that she would go through the last one without fainting. She screamed constant now and I could see the plug really cause her pain now as she moved her hips up and down in a useless attempt to make the plug escape her sore asshole. My watch told me she had been exercising for seventeen minutes meaning it wouldn&#8217;t last that long before I would have to make it stop. The extreme pain had made her decrease speed and I was afraid she wouldn&#8217;t succeed. I really didn&#8217;t want to be forced to remove the plug before she had completed. This would tell Anne that I actually could be kind and this would be a sign of weakness. 

HURRY UP YOU WORTHLESS SMELLY SLUT! DO I REALLY HAVE TO USE THE WHIP TO ENCOURAGE YOU DO THE EASY TASK I HAVE ORDERED YOU TO DO? I shouted to make it clear to her I was serious. It seemed to help as she increased speed again and my watched told me she had struggled for twenty one minutes when she finally managed to make the last round. I was prepared as I had the heat gloves on when she finished her exercise. Quickly I removed the plug from her steaming sore asshole. I was happy to see that it was in time. Her asshole and the sensitive skin around it were red and swollen but it showed no signs of permanent damage. I was sure it would only take her about a day to recover again. I released her from the bars and she fell exhausted to the floor her body steaming of sweat and heat. I let her remain like this for some minutes as I actually was a bit proud that I managed to make her go through this first real ordeal. She had stopped screaming and she just lay still on the concrete floor breathing heavily. I took a ring gag from a hook at the wall and then I took position in the comfortable leather chair with the seat with the V-shaped hole making me sit with my pussy accessible for my pet. 

Ok my smelly cow! I think you have had enough rest. Move you filthy body in position in front of me and let me prepare you again. Do it quickly or I chain you to the treadmill again and make you take ten more rounds. I don&#8217;t think that is what you want? I asked her. 

Noooooooooo, nooooooooooo, please doesn&#8217;t force me to this again! she shouted. As she still was wearing the boots and as her hands still was cuffed to her steel belt it wasn&#8217;t that easy for her but within a few minutes she was in position in front of me. I removed her head cage and quickly the ring gag was wedged into place making sure she couldn&#8217;t bite me while licking me between my legs. Then I took position in my chair again and with both hands I forced her head between my legs almost choking her. 

As I&#8217;m a bit satisfied with your performance I have decided to reward you. Take a deep breathe and prepare for your reward I waited for a few seconds and then I forced her mouth and nose deep in place between my legs and then I relaxed sending a stream of piss into her widely open mouth.
Drink the best you can or you will exercise again! What is spilled on the floor will be your job to lick up when you have satisfied me! I said laughing loudly again enjoying the gagging sounds coming from her face buried between my widely spread legs. I could her desperately gurgling while swallowing mouthful after mouthful of my piss. After some seconds I had emptied my bladder.

Ok slut, it wasn&#8217;t that bad. You only lost a little on the floor. If you show me an excellent oral service I might decide to forget about it. Let us start with my delicious ass hole. Start licking the best you can! I shouted and pressed her mouth against my rosebud. First I felt nothing but then she probably changed her mind as I felt a tongue start to lick. The sounds coming from her told me she didn&#8217;t like it. Her head blushed feeling humiliated and degraded being forced to lick my asshole but she cleverly continued. The feeling was just gorgeous, the feeling of her tongue licking and the knowledge that she really hated it but that she just didn&#8217;t dare to stop. After about ten minutes I decided that it was time to move on and I adjusted her head in position with her nose and mouth between my cleft. She just continued licking even when I took her right nipple between two fingers and squeezed until she screamed between my legs. After about ten minutes I felt the orgasm build up and while forcing her head harder in position I squeezed the head between my loans while I exploded in an orgasm that felt like it would last forever. Gradually I relaxed again feeling better than I had felt for mounts. Suddenly I felt her body move frantically up and down while some strange sounds escaped her mouth. I could see her stomach moving back and for the like it was cramping.

Ohhhhhhhhh, sorry dear. I said and spread my legs and released her head from my damping cunt. Her gasp for air sounded like a bellow.

Yoooouuuu&nbsp; almost choked me! I couldn&#8217;t breathe at all! Ahhhhh ahhhhh ahhhhh, you could have killed me! she complained.

Nonsense, you will be surprised when you find out for how long you will be able to survive without air. It&#8217;s just a matter of training and that&#8217;s all! You just have so much to learn. How did my cunt and ass taste? Was it tasty? I asked her smiling at her. She blushed again feeling humiliated sitting with her head inches from my still damping cunt. I really loved it. It is indescribable; I just can&#8217;t express the feelings going through my body. The sight of this totally controlled slut sitting with a ring gag inches from my cunt feeling a humiliation that probably beat whatever she had felt in her entire life. The fact that she was gagged and the hopeless condition probably made her decide not answering. Without letting her see it I took a flexible rubber whip hanging from the side of my chair. With a sudden move I stoke her with the whip on her ass as hard as I could. Her body jumped and she screamed both due to the surprise and the pain.

ANSWER ME WHEN I ADDRESS YOU! WILL YOU EVER LEARN? I shouted.

Yes it was tasty, both your cunt and ass was tasty! she cleverly answered with a scared look at her face still finding it difficult to speak due to the gag.

YOU DISGUSTING SMELLY LIAR! DON&#8217;T YOU EVER LIE TO ME! I KNOW YOU DON&#8217;T TELL THE TRUTH! I shouted again.
 I&#8217;m sorry! It didn&#8217;t taste that good! she tried again.

That was much better. I will be kind and forget about it! Just remember what will happen if I caught you lying again! Now I think it is time for you to rest. I said and left the chair again. I produced a curve steel band and locked into place between her legs. Then I removed the painful boots. She really looked grateful when I removed them. I dragged her to the feet and guided her to another area of the dungeon. We stopped in front of a short wood door only a little more than a feet high. I opened the door and a hole in the wall not more than two feet broad could be seen. I quickly removed her gag.

In you go and quick! Or do you want me to use the whip again? I asked her.

Please, don&#8217;t make me sleep in this cramped space! I promise to be good. Please! she begged again. 

I just took the whip and that was enough. Quickly she squatted and started to back into the dark hole. It wasn&#8217;t easy for her as even if she was on all four her back would hit the ceiling of the hole. Halfway in I ordered her to stop. I put a collar attached to a chain hanging from the wall around her neck. Then I unlocked her cuffs and then I ordered her to continue. The collar was to make sure I still had her controlled.

I&#8217;m just too kind to you but I thought you would like to have your hands free. The chastity belt you are wearing it to make sure you don&#8217;t try to masturbate in the hole. It&#8217;s not a vacation! Then I slammed the door shut and bolted it. I opened the tiny lid located in the door.

I know it will give you some light but I&#8217;m afraid that the door is too tight giving you no fresh air. Have a pleasant night my dear! By the way; the hole is your toilet as well! I haven&#8217;t had time for installing any toilet facilities I said and laughed. Then I left the dungeon area again knowing my slut was safe until tomorrow when I was ready for her again. 

Ohhh my god, what a woman! Why had I never met her? Mick thought feeling his dick was on the bursting point. He decided to keep his load back for tomorrow. He really hoped that Jane would show up.

He awoke early in the morning excited about the day. After breakfast he decided to visit Anne in the dungeon. He brought her breakfast to her cell. Before entering he put on the hood as usual.

Good morning Anne, have you slept well? Pew, what a stench you have produced! You smell even worse than yesterday. Now remain still while I feed you. After eating you will be prepared for the day I said and started feeding her. She gratefully ate what I offered her and she even seemed to like the piss mixture I as usually offered for quenching her thirst. After finished eating I washed her smelly ass slightly with a little water and then a dressed her. I had decided that it was time to let her feel how it is to be completely sealed in thick latex.&nbsp; She surprisingly looked at the shiny rubber suit and the matching hood. 

Now just be a good slut and let me put you in this suit. I have a lot of ways to make you obey so my advice to you is just to accept it! I told her while removing the spreader bar. I coated the suit with talc at the inside to make it slip on easier. Then I started dressing her. Though the latex was quite flexible it still was hard work to dress her. Before slipping it over her hips I plugged both ass and cunt and I put the adjacent tubes through holes in the suit. She complained while I did it but she didn&#8217;t dare to try to resist. The hardest work was to get her arms into the adjacent arms in the suit. She actually looked happy to have the cuffs removed again. After about ten minutes hard work she was in the suit. Her latex covered arms were then put in a tight rubber arm binder strapping them at the back. The neck of the suit covered the steel collar around her neck. Then I was ready for the hood.


Oh, please don&#8217;t. Please, not the hood again. I hate it! It&#8217;s awful being hooded, it&#8217;s like sensory deprivation! I complained.

Nonsense, the hood is nothing. Today you&#8217;ll feel even more isolated, because you&#8217;re going to wear this gas mask and your ears will be plugged as well, he said with a broad smile showing me the black gas mask he had brought with him. 

Please, why are you doing this to me? It&#8217;s already really hot inside the suit even without the hood. I don&#8217;t need more, please, I&#8217;ll do whatever you want me to. I already feel sweat running inside the suit. It&#8217;s horrible! Please, please, don&#8217;t do this, I begged, I pleaded, I promised. I&#8217;d do anything not to have all this stuff on me again! Suddenly my night in the spreader bar didn&#8217;t seem so bad in comparison with all the strictures I&#8217;d have to endure today.

I&#8217;m glad you told me. I almost forgot, he said while forcing a funnel into my mouth and strapping it in place behind my head. The funnel had a long spout that just barely penetrated my throat; It made refusing whatever was poured into it impossible. I dreaded what he&#8217;d do with it, but to my relief he only produced water and poured it in. I wished he&#8217;d let me have some of the water in my mouth, it would wash out the taste of the shit and piss from theday?before, but I wasn&#8217;t to have that luxury, it seemed. He kept filling me until I felt like I was going to pop, and I felt a little nauseous from the amount of water filling my stomach and pressing down on my internal organs. But worse was to come, I realized when he removed the funnel, forced the hood over my head, pushed the hollow tube gag into my mouth, and fastened it in place. Then the horrible gas mask came, cutting off every bit of light from my world and plunging me in darkness again. That seemed like it, but after a moment I started wriggling desperately as the plugs he&#8217;d stuffed into my ass and vagina started inflating. Not again, I prayed as they became uncomfortable, but they stopped just short of pain. Then he left me alone, locked in my rubber prison, uncomfortably full and desperately uncomfortable!


A slave in a rubber suit needs a lot of water in order not to dehydrate. This will make sure you will be safe during this ordeal I instructed her. After filling her until I could feel her stomach being swollen I stopped and I enjoyed her gasping for air for a while before I continued. First I plugged her ears and then the hood switched of her light. She moaned and complained when I pushed a hollow dildo shaped gag into the mouth hole and strapped it behind her back. Now she was ready for the gasmask. I strapped it as tightly as I could making sure she felt totally isolated from the outer world. All that could be heard was the hissing sound from her breathing and the click from the in and outlet valves for the air coming in and out her lungs. In my excitement looking at my sexy pet I almost forgot about the plugs. I started pressing the rubber bulbs gradually increasing the size of the dildos inserted deeply in her ass and cunt. I didn&#8217;t stop before the desperately move of her head from side to side told me she was close to the limit, at least for now. I knew that after an hour or two she would be able to take a few presses more. I placed her in the rubber padded cell I had made and locked the door. Then the heat was turned on and after switching on the microphone and the cameras I left the dungeon again extremely excited. Now I could hardly wait until Jane hopefully showed up. 

Alexis&#8217;s arrival.

It was about time for Alexis&#8217;s arrival. I took position in my living room as I had told her. I decided to enjoy a large malt whisky while waiting. Five minutes before the planned time I heard the doorbell ring once. Then the door was opened and I heard some noises in my entrance area. After a few minutes a knock was heard on my door and into my living room stepped an extremely beautiful and exciting woman. She was dressed in a tight fitting rubber tricot. She wore long tight fitting leather boots. At the right side she had a short riding whip hanging. Her hands were hidden by an elbow long pair of tight rubber gloves. Her face was partly hidden behind a leather mask and her long black hair was curled up behind the back. I almost stopped breathing sitting in my favorite Master suit without wearing my hood.

Wow, you really look good! You look both good and scary. Please have a seat and tell me your story while enjoying the drink I have prepared for you! I told her

Thank you. I&#8217;m happy you like what you see. Now for my story. I once met a man who loved to be dominated and humiliated by women. I planned an ordeal for him and we agreed the time for his arrival. I locked him in my homemade pillory with legs widely spread. I continued to tell him how disgusting I thought he was. I put the same pair of rubber gloves I&#8217;m wearing right now on in front of him and told him I wouldn&#8217;t touch his disgusting body with my bare hands. Then I pushed one finger deep up in his asshole while I jerked him of with the other hand. I ordered him to hold back but it didn&#8217;t last for long before he failed. I gave him 20 stokes with my whip at his ass until it turned nicely red and then a picked up the device I had planned to lock onto him. It was a tube chastity belt but I had modified it. The belt included two containers for trapping his balls. I locked the device tightly onto his private parts and then the fun began. The lower part of the tube had been angled about twenty degrees making any ejection impossible. I sexually stimulated him until he screamed for mercy and then I revealed another secret about his belt. I took a tiny socket wrench and placed in a hole in one of the container for his balls. Then I turned until he again screamed for mercy. I turned the wrench slightly back again and then I did the same with the other container. Inside the containers was a plate, which by turning the screw squeezed his balls. He really was scared and continued begging for release. I just ignored him while I dressed in a strap-on dildo in front of him. The size of the dildo made him look even more scared. I went behind him and then I turned on the vibrator for the dildo inside me. While enjoying the vibrator I backdoor fucked him until he almost collapsed. During this I continued to stimulate him making sure he felt the pain produced by the fact that the tube just didn&#8217;t leave room for any erection. When satisfied I locked a belt around his waist and then I released first one hand and chained it to the belt and then the other and chained this hand as well. The short chains made sure he could feel his new toy of pleasure as well as it made sure I still would be in control. Then I released him. You should have seen him. I had never seen a man as desperate as him. It was just so exciting to enjoy his useless attempt to remove the belt. He shouted at me and he actually tried to force me to remove it. I just laughed as he really wasn&#8217;t in a position to threaten anybody at all. After a while he calmed down realizing that there was nothing he could do at all. I told him that I wouldn&#8217;t remove it until he had worn it for at least one month. You should have seen his reaction. I&#8217;m playing football, what about that? I can&#8217;t play wearing this belt and I certainly can&#8217;t show my body naked wearing this belt! And the never ending squeezing of my balls! Well, I might be able to make this disappear with the right socket wrench he told me. Sorry dear, I had to tell him but the lock block these holes as well. I will be the only one who will be able to do it. Don&#8217;t worry; within a few hours you have got used to the pain. Now I&#8217;m tired of you. I will clean up the room and leave you. I locked him with a chain to the steel tube for heating and then I removed my equipment. What I hadn&#8217;t told him was the fact that the apartment wasn&#8217;t mine and that I had rented it for two days in a false name. I placed my gear in my van and then I went for him again. I hang an ice block from the ceiling over him but beyond his reach. In the ice block was the key for his chains but not the belt. I kissed him goodbye and then I just left him. His only possible contact to me after I left him was an email address. I guess you can imagine the amount of mails I got from him. Almost every night I masturbated thinking on him wearing my belt. I kept him belted for 40 days before I sent him the key for removing it. I think he was angry at me because he didn&#8217;t write to me after he received the key. I am sure he thinks twice before he tries this again. He told me about a lot of itching during his ordeal as cleaning was impossible. It must have been quite a smelly dick he released after his 40 days ordeal. I still have the letters he wrote for me as they still excite me. I forced him to write about it and to take picture of his caged dick during his ordeal. All I needed was to tell him that I would close my mail if he refused and then he was able to write the most exciting letters for me. The tube ended in a rounded steel lid welded to the tube with tiny holes, the lid was made of titanium making any cutting impossible. The tight fit made it impossible to use a metal cutter at any places of the belt for removing it. I ordered him to take some pictures shoving the head of his dick through the holes at the end of the tube. The last pictures showed a head of a dick deeply red. He told me how he tried to pour disinfectant&nbsp; into the tube and the pains he endured while the disinfectant did its work but the problem was that it never lasted for long before the itching started all over again. In 40 days he wasn&#8217;t able to touch his cock at all! That was my favorite story explaining my deepest desires. Now I&#8217;m excited to hear what you have in mind! I have some experiences with women as well but not as extreme as this story. I would love to try it as I actually think I would find it as exciting as punishing a man. My favorite concerning women is to force a woman who doesn&#8217;t like lesbian sex at all to lick me to several orgasms while I torture her Alexis said to me.

It really was a story. I think I will be able to offer want you want. I only need to make a few tests. You told me you are a switch and I just need to make sure. Are you ready for this? You can choose if you want to be restrained or you fell more comfortable being free. I will stroke you ten times with the cane. If you choose to be unrestrained I must tell you that each interfering with the hand means two additional strokes. What do you think? I asked her.

It&#8217;s OK with me. I choose the unrestrained punishment. Not that I don&#8217;t trust you but to show you I really am a switch who can turn submissive as well she answered me.

OK, then undress and pit these rubber knickers on. It&#8217;s just to make sure the cane doesn&#8217;t tear your ass to blood. When proper dressed you take position lying with your torso on the table and legs widely spread I told her in a more commanding tone.

Without saying a word she just undressed and did as she was told. I really loved the sight of her naked body and the transparent rubber knickers just made her look even sexier. She took position as ordered and took a good grab at the sides of the table. I took position behind her and with my right hand between her legs I lifted her ass to the desired position. 

Auhhhhhhhhhhh she moaned both in excitement and discomfort.

Keep your ass in this position. You are allowed to move your ass between stroke but when ready again I want your ass like this, understood? I asked.

Yes Master she submissively answered me.

I rubbed her clit through the latex knickers for a while and then I aimed the first stroke and put all efforts in the stroke. When wearing knickers a slave must be able to take the hardest stroke you are able to produce. 

SWIIISH

Auuuuuuuuuuuuuuoooooooooooooouuuuuuuuu, thank you Master she replied and her ass was in position again. She really is something, A few seconds and she is ready again. I think I have found the right on, I thought while aiming stroke number two.

SWIIISH

Auuuuooooouuuuuuoooooooooaaaaaaa, thank you Master she once again replied but this time it took a little longer before she was in position again. I could see her hands were white clearly indicating that she had difficulties keeping them away from her now sore ass. 

Get in position faster! A Master is not supposed to wait for long to continue! I ordered sounding angry but I actually loved it. She did extremely well. When I delivered stroke number eight she failed eagerly rubbing her sore buttocks. 

What is that slut? You know not to move until I am finished! I shouted. 

I&#8217;m terrible sorry Master. I just couldn&#8217;t help it. Please give me two more additional strokes for my misbehavior. I deserve it! she answered me.

My heart almost stopped beating. It was her first punishment and she already behaved like this. She had already been approved though I had not finished yet. Her ass looked just lovely through the transparent knickers. Deeply red swollen stripes could be seen. Blood was just pumping into my excited dick. She managed to take the last four strokes without any more interfering. When receiving the last stroke she screamed hearty and it lasted for almost two minutes before she regained control. I gave her a kiss just to show her I was very pleased. Normally I don&#8217;t show it to a slave but this really was different.

Come with me. I have something to show you! I said to Alexis still rubbing her striped ass. She followed me.

Take position in the sofa. I will be with you in a minute. I said. I returned with two large malt whiskies and then I took position beside her. 

What I show you now must remain our secret. But after hearing your story I actually don&#8217;t think this will be a problem for you. You have passed with credit and I offer you to stay with me in this house. I will now switch on this monitor and what you see is our common future plaything I told Alexis while switching on the monitor. On the scream I saw the picture of my lovely pet struggling in the padded cell. She obviously was awake as she moved around in the cell.

That&#8217;s really lovely. Marvelous!&nbsp; What a nice padded cell she has occupied. I love the shape of her body and the tight fitting black shiny suit really exposes it! How long has she been like this? Alexis asked.

Only for four hours but I think she has the feeling that it is more. The cell is heated as well! I told her.

May I make a suggestion? Alexis asked

Sure, be my guest I answered.

Let us test her. Let her remain in this suit for at least one week. The only device we remove is the gasmask for feeding her and to make sure she doesn&#8217;t dehydrate. During the test we gradually increase the temperature in her cell making it even more uncomfortable for her. I assume you have plugged her as I can see the rubber bulbs. I hope you have used thin one making it possible for her to piss and defecate if we deflate them. If it is so she doesn&#8217;t need to get out of the suit before we think she is ready. After a week dressed like that she will be swimming in her own filth and she will know how disgusting she is. I assume you have chosen a hood with open mouth. That means she will be able to service the both of us orally during her ordeal. Furthermore we can make love in front of her just making it even more hopeless to her. We will of course block both holes to the very limit during this test. You and I will have a lot of fun and pleasure and she must just suffer. What do you think? Alexis asked me.

I&#8217;m just so impressed. I hardly can wait to see you test her. Maybe I will punish you before I give you control just to make sure you do well. Why don&#8217;t you on your rubber tricot again and then I think it is a great idea that you and I make love here while watching my slut suffers for both you and me! I replied.

I think you just read my mind. Let&#8217;s finish this drink and have some fun! But promise we get up early tomorrow. I hardly can wait to visit your slave for real! Alexis answered. 

Good idea! I said and walked closer to her with my hands at the back. Before she had a chance to resist I cuffed her hands at her back.

Hey, what are you doing? I&#8217;m your assistant Mistress, remember! Why do you cuff me, what do you have in mind? Alexis complained but though she complained I could feel it excited her.

I have planned a surprise for you in the bedroom. Though you are my assistant Mistress you still have to prove you are a sub as well. I&#8217;m sure that the more you suffer in my hands the more skilful you will train our slut! I said wit a broad smile and then I hooded her with a heavy leather hood cutting of all light as well as she would feel hot inside within a few minutes. I locked a steel collar with a chain running from a ring welded to it around her neck. Then I dragged her to my bedroom and the surprise I have made only for her. 












Hi again Mitchi





 
  fko-mam105
  Normal
   jim
  2
  10
  2006-02-15T00:24:00Z
  2006-02-15T00:24:00Z
  1
  16575
  94479
  Koncernflles IT-Driftsmyndighed
  787
  221
  110833
  10.2625
 
 
  1862852446
  Chapter five-final version and chapter six
  scutha@iinet.net.au
  Nicole Marshall
  -886339709
  
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  21
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableSimple1
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:solid green 1.5pt;
	border-left:none;
	border-bottom:solid green 1.5pt;
	border-right:none;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableSimple1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid green;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSimple1LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid green;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSimple2
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableSimple2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSimple2LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSimple2FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSimple2LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSimple2NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 2";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSimple2SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 2";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSimple3
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableSimple3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Simple 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableClassic1
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:solid black 1.5pt;
	border-left:none;
	border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;
	border-right:none;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableClassic1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableClassic1LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableClassic1FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableClassic1NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 1";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-style:normal;}
table.MsoTableClassic1SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 1";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableClassic2
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:solid black 1.5pt;
	border-left:none;
	border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;
	border-right:none;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableClassic2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid purple;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;}
table.MsoTableClassic2LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableClassic2FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableClassic2NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 2";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableClassic2NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 2";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid purple;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableClassic2SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 2";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:navy;}
table.MsoTableClassic3
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	color:navy;}
table.MsoTableClassic3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid navy;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableClassic3LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 3";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid white;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:navy;}
table.MsoTableClassic3FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:black;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableClassic4
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 4";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:1.5pt;
	border-left:1.0pt;
	border-bottom:1.5pt;
	border-right:1.0pt;
	border-color:black;
	border-style:solid;
	mso-border-top-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-left-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-bottom-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-right-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-color-alt:black;
	mso-border-style-alt:solid;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableClassic4FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 4";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-50 navy;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableClassic4LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 4";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-50 black;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:navy;}
table.MsoTableClassic4FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 4";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableClassic4NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 4";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableClassic4SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Classic 4";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:navy;}
table.MsoTableColorful1
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid teal 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid aqua;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid teal;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	color:white;}
table.MsoTableColorful1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableColorful1FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid navy;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableColorful1NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 1";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColorful1SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 1";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-style:normal;}
table.MsoTableColorful2
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:none;
	border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-20 yellow;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableColorful2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid maroon;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableColorful2FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableColorful2LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColorful2SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 2";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-style:normal;}
table.MsoTableColorful3
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 2.25pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid silver;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 teal;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableColorful3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid teal;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColorful3FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid teal;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:4.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColorful3NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Colorful 3";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns1
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:1;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:2.25pt double black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns1LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns1FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns1LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns1OddColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:odd-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 black;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns1EvenColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:even-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 yellow;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns1NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns1SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 1";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns2
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:1;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid navy;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;}
table.MsoTableColumns2LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns2FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:black;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns2LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns2OddColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:odd-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-30 black;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns2EvenColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:even-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 lime;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns2NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns2SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 2";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns3
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:1;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid navy 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid navy .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid navy;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid navy;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;}
table.MsoTableColumns3LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid navy;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns3FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns3LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableColumns3OddColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-table-condition:odd-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns3EvenColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-table-condition:even-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-10 black;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns3NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 3";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns4
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 4";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:1;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableColumns4FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 4";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;}
table.MsoTableColumns4LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 4";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns4LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 4";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns4OddColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 4";
	mso-table-condition:odd-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-50 teal;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns4EvenColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 4";
	mso-table-condition:even-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-10 black;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns5
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 5";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:1;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid gray 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid silver;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableColumns5FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 5";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableColumns5LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 5";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns5FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 5";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns5LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 5";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableColumns5OddColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 5";
	mso-table-condition:odd-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableColumns5EvenColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table Columns 5";
	mso-table-condition:even-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid1
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid black .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableGrid1LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableGrid1LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableGrid2
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableGrid2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid2LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid2FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid2LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid3
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:1.0pt;
	border-left:1.5pt;
	border-bottom:1.0pt;
	border-right:1.5pt;
	border-color:black;
	border-style:solid;
	mso-border-top-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-left-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-bottom-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-right-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-color-alt:black;
	mso-border-style-alt:solid;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableGrid3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-30 yellow;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid3LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 3";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid3LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 3";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid4
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 4";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:none;
	border-left:solid black 1.5pt;
	border-bottom:none;
	border-right:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableGrid4FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 4";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-30 yellow;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid4LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 4";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-30 yellow;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid4LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 4";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid5
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 5";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableGrid5FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 5";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid5LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 5";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid5LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 5";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid5NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 5";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid6
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 6";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableGrid6FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 6";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid6LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 6";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid6FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 6";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid6NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 6";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid7
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 7";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid7FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 7";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableGrid7LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 7";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableGrid7FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 7";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableGrid7LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 7";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:normal;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:normal;}
table.MsoTableGrid7NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 7";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid8
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 8";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid navy 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid navy .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid navy;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid navy;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableGrid8FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 8";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid navy;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid8LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 8";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableGrid8LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid 8";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList1
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:1.5pt;
	border-left:1.0pt;
	border-bottom:1.5pt;
	border-right:1.0pt;
	border-color:teal;
	border-style:solid;
	mso-border-top-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-left-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-bottom-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-right-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-color-alt:teal;
	mso-border-style-alt:solid;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:maroon;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableList1LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList1OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 1";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList1EvenRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 1";
	mso-table-condition:even-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList1SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 1";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList2
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:2;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:none;
	border-bottom:solid gray 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:green;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-75 teal;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList2LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList2OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 2";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-20 lime;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList2EvenRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 2";
	mso-table-condition:even-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList2SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 2";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList3
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:solid black 1.5pt;
	border-left:none;
	border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;
	border-right:none;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:navy;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList3LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 3";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList3SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 3";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:navy;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableList4
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 4";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList4FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 4";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:white;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList5
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 5";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid black .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList5FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 5";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList5FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 5";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList6
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 6";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid black .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-50 black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList6FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 6";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList6FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 6";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList6OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 6";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList7
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 7";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:1.5pt;
	border-left:1.0pt;
	border-bottom:1.5pt;
	border-right:1.0pt;
	border-color:green;
	border-style:solid;
	mso-border-top-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-left-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-bottom-alt:1.5pt;
	mso-border-right-alt:.75pt;
	mso-border-color-alt:green;
	mso-border-style-alt:solid;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList7FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 7";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid green;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList7LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 7";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:1.5pt solid green;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList7FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 7";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList7LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 7";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList7OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 7";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-20 black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList7EvenRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 7";
	mso-table-condition:even-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 yellow;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList8
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 8";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid black .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableList8FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 8";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid yellow;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-ansi-font-style:italic;
	mso-bidi-font-style:italic;}
table.MsoTableList8LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 8";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList8FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 8";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList8LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 8";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableList8OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 8";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 yellow;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableList8EvenRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table List 8";
	mso-table-condition:even-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-50 red;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTable3DFx1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:purple;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid white;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:.75pt solid white;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1NWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:nw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1SECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:se-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx1SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 1";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:navy;}
table.MsoTable3DFx2
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTable3DFx2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTable3DFx2FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx2LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:.75pt solid white;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx2OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 2";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid white;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx2SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 2";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTable3DFx3
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:1;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTable3DFx3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTable3DFx3FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx3LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:.75pt solid white;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx3OddColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-table-condition:odd-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid silver;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx3EvenColumn
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-table-condition:even-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-50 silver;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx3OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid gray;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid white;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTable3DFx3SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table 3D effects 3";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableContemporary
	{mso-style-name:"Table Contemporary";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:2.25pt solid white;
	mso-border-insidev:2.25pt solid white;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableContemporaryFirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Contemporary";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-20 black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableContemporaryOddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Contemporary";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-5 black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableContemporaryEvenRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Contemporary";
	mso-table-condition:even-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-20 black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableElegant
	{mso-style-name:"Table Elegant";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:double black 2.25pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableElegantFirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Elegant";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	text-transform:uppercase;}
table.MsoTableProfessional
	{mso-style-name:"Table Professional";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid black 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid black .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt solid black;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt solid black;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableProfessionalFirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Professional";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSubtle1
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:1;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableSubtle1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle1LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 purple;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle1FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle1LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle1OddRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-table-condition:odd-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 olive;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:.75pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle1NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSubtle1SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 1";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSubtle2
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border-top:none;
	border-left:solid black 1.0pt;
	border-bottom:none;
	border-right:solid black 1.0pt;
	mso-border-left-alt:solid black .75pt;
	mso-border-right-alt:solid black .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableSubtle2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-bottom:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle2LastRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-border-top:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle2FirstCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 green;
	mso-tstyle-border-right:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle2LastCol
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 2";
	mso-table-condition:last-column;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-shading:white;
	mso-tstyle-pattern:gray-25 olive;
	mso-tstyle-border-left:1.5pt solid black;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;}
table.MsoTableSubtle2NECell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 2";
	mso-table-condition:ne-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableSubtle2SWCell
	{mso-style-name:"Table Subtle 2";
	mso-table-condition:sw-cell;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	mso-ansi-font-weight:bold;
	mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;}
table.MsoTableWeb1
	{mso-style-name:"Table Web 1";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-cellspacing:2.0pt;
	border:outset 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:outset windowtext .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt outset windowtext;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt outset windowtext;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableWeb1FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Web 1";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableWeb2
	{mso-style-name:"Table Web 2";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-cellspacing:2.0pt;
	border:inset 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:inset windowtext .75pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt inset windowtext;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt inset windowtext;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableWeb2FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Web 2";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableWeb3
	{mso-style-name:"Table Web 3";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-cellspacing:2.0pt;
	border:outset 3.0pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.75pt outset windowtext;
	mso-border-insidev:.75pt outset windowtext;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableWeb3FirstRow
	{mso-style-name:"Table Web 3";
	mso-table-condition:first-row;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-down:0in none windowtext;
	mso-tstyle-diagonal-up:0in none windowtext;
	color:windowtext;}
table.MsoTableGrid
	{mso-style-name:"Table Grid";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid windowtext .5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.5pt solid windowtext;
	mso-border-insidev:.5pt solid windowtext;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableTheme
	{mso-style-name:"Table Theme";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid windowtext .5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.5pt solid windowtext;
	mso-border-insidev:.5pt solid windowtext;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Hi All friends our story name The Old Courtroom.

&nbsp;

Please read this introduction before jumping to the
story, it only takes a few minutes.

&nbsp;

We have now finished chapter five and Im sure you all
will love it. It has it all; something from the diary, kidnapping, making a
newcomer realise what it is all about and a lot of humiliation, discomfort,
sexual torture and much more.

&nbsp;

In the introduction for chapter five I told you about
the new Mistress I had found for helping me making it an exciting story, as she
sometimes will be in charge for training the poor sluts to be true submissive
slaves ready to serve, or at least slaves who can be forced to serve as
submissive slaves.

&nbsp;

Mistress Lex as she is named in the story has written
a brief introduction:

Dear readers, let me introduce myself. I am both a Domme and a Sub, depending on the frame of mind I'm in, as well as depending on the Master. I am more often a Domme towards women and a sub towards men; however this does depend on the man. I enjoy &quot;torturing&quot; young women, and have had many pleasurable experiences with a friend of mine that is a very sexy sub. However the majority of my Domme nature comes out in stories.I am enjoying assisting Master Mick with writing this story, as I can totally immerse myself in that world.I hope you're enjoying reading these chapters as much as we're enjoying writing them.&nbsp;She really sounds like a great woman, wouldnt you all agree with me in that statement? Im sure we will be able to make it an even more exciting story as well as Mistress Lex is very helpful hunting my sentence and grammar faults. For those who wont know I can tell that Im not a native English writer but I do my very best and the more I write the more it improves.&nbsp;As we all love to receive reviews for the story (reviews are our fuel for continuing) and as we want you all to feel you are a part of the story we have decided to let you help us making a choice for future chapters. We have planned to use the nice old courtroom deep underground to put our two lovely and very willing sexy women through a very fair trial in order to make the right decision concerning their future. We want all of you to help us making the right choice and decide if smelly Anne presently trapped in a comfortable and sexy latex enclosure or it has to be nave Mitchi who has been a bit stupid trusting foreigners she hasnt met before and now she just has to pay for her own stupidity. Write a review telling what you think about the story and vote for your favourite to be the first one in a fair trial. For those who has already written a review is isnt a problem as you are able to adjust already uploaded reviews making it possible for you to vote as well.&nbsp;I have been doing a great deal of thinking concerning group for the story. I have already made the group http://groups.msn.com/FriendsoftheoldCourtroom for the story and it presently has 66 members, which is much less than expected. During the time with sweet Janet and the writing of the story Janets Ordeal (link: http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/story.php?storyid=1785 , its the most reviewed story at library with 142 reviews) I had made a Yahoo group for the story but Yahoo deleted it without telling me why or giving me a chance to remove what they didnt like. The group had about 1000 members before Yahoo deleted it. Though only a few were a little active I still think it was great to have a group with members who all loved the story. Therefore I have made a new decision. I have made a new Yahoo group (link: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Group_toc). This group will be for true friends who are willing to write a review for the story as this will be required for joining. As I dont want readers who find it difficult to write a review to be banned from joining the group I have decided accept them as well if they take the time needed for telling me why they cant write a review. Some readers find it for instance difficult due to language problems and so on. My plan is to send you personal mails with exciting stuff reflecting the story and instructions how to store it on your computer for being able to store stuff from future mails. Furthermore I will upload other stories I find exciting. As I dont want this group to be deleted I wont upload anything that might cause risk for deletion of the group. Summing up your benefit for joining the group will be:&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ill send you mails with zip-files containing pics reflecting the story and instructions for making your own personal dungeon on your computer.-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ill keep you informed about new chapters of the story.-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ill upload other exciting stories from the Internet-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Youll be able to make friends reflecting your desires-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All members will be able to share any information that might be useful for the story and share links for exciting sites.-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Youll be able to tell us about suggestions for improvements and ordeals in new chapters.&nbsp;If you dont know how to write and upload a review for joining the group I will make sure you receive instructions upon subscription to the group. If you despite the instructions dont thik it is possible for you to write a review then send me a mail telling about it and I will either help you or approve you without writing a review.&nbsp;If any of you are ready to give it a try and make one more group for the story and upload pictures as well I would be happy to hear about it and help you with the stuff needed for making it exciting. Just send me a mail telling me about it using the address mickni2000@graffiti.net.&nbsp;Im as usual sorry to have kept you waiting but I have been extremely busy and my co-writers have been busy as well. We will all do what we can to write the next chapter as quickly as possible and I can tell that we have already written about 14 pages for it. I wont tell much about it save for telling that a new willing woman has contacted me and asked for a place in the story. Then I think you all know what that means if we are able to make the right agreements with her but right now it all seems promising. Furthermore the sweet woman playing Anne has some problems with connection right now and it might take some months before she is back. We will keep her in the story as you probably will notice when reading chapter five. Then we will just look forward to have her back again and safely trapped and ready to suffer for real again when she is back.&nbsp;I think this will do it and that all we need for now is to say; we proudly present The Old Courtroom, chapter five (remember to be kind writing a review for the story or to write more comments for already uploaded reviews):


The Old Courtroom

Chapter five.

_______________________________________________________________________________
*Lex*

Fun in the bedroom.

I was filled with both desire and fear at Micks
special surprise. It was a special restraint system, designed to firmly hold a
slave in any position desired. The position it was set to have a rather large
protruding dildo on the seat, tilted in a way that made me very confused. I
figured Id know soon enough, and turned to face my now-naked master/partner.
He pointed to the device, and said simply, Get on it. I had no idea what I was supposed to do, but
I knew that a good slave obeys every order whether she understands it or not.
So I attempted to mount the dildo, only to have Mick laugh at me. Thats when I
figured out it was not tilted to go into my pussy  although I did have a lot
of trouble getting it into my ass. Once it was firmly inside me, Mick whipped
out a remote control and pressed a button. The dildo in my arse felt like it
was growing, vibrating, and rotating all at once. I was very uncomfortable, but
not in too much pain. 

That was about to change.

Mick came over and showed me how the arm and leg
restraints worked, and then tilted the device back, so I was splayed in such a
way that left my entire front vulnerable to anything he wanted to do. Now I understood the reasoning behind it. He
showed me his other surprise, an extremely vicious looking whip. It was about three feet long, with little
knots in the leather. There were three tails on it,
and each one had a little metal ball on the very end. It was the kind of whip
that I couldnt wait to use on our willing friends downstairs. But, the best
way to know how something works is to experience it, so I wasnt too upset when
Mick announced he was going to give me a nice whipping with it. 

When he gave me the first stroke, however, I
re-thought my philosophy. He brought the
whip down across my chest, expertly hitting evenly across both my breasts. The
pain radiated through my entire body, my breasts felt as though they were on
fire. Three angry red welts appeared, then three more beside them as he brought
it down again. By the fourth stroke to my breasts my voice had given out from
screaming, and tears were coursing down my face. After five strokes, he stopped to feel his
handiwork. Each squeeze prompted a fresh scream from my tortured throat.

He then moved on and whipped my belly several
times, although thankfully the pain wasnt as bad as on my breasts. Without
warning he brought the whip harshly down between my legs. I howled in agony as one
of the tails caught right in the centre of my pussy, the metal ball hitting
directly on my clit. I felt as though he had torn my clit off, and I was
screaming and writhing in the restraints. He brought the whip down again on the
same spot, and the pain doubled. Then he went back to whipping my belly and
thighs, and every so often he would land another cruel blow onto my throbbing
pussy. I soon discovered that my body
was reacting to the whip, and as he hit me again and again I could feel the
orgasm building. I screamed Master, may this slave have permission to cum?
and Mick responded Yes. Cum for me slave, now! As he said now he brought
the whip down directly between my legs and I climaxed into a powerful orgasm.

When I came back to my senses, I found the dildo in
my arse had reduced in size, and was no longer vibrating. The whipping had
ceased, and Mick was adjusting the position of the seat, until I was lying
flat. He came up to my head and put himself into my mouth, where I sucked until
he was rigid. Then he mounted me and fucked me hard, until we both
exploded. He then got up and left me, restrained and spent.

I remained like that for a while. I was beginning
to wonder if he really had planned to leave me in this slightly exhausting
position all night. He knew that discomfort excited me as the more I suffered
the more the sluts in the cellar would have to pay for me suffering. I almost
fall a sleep when the door suddenly was opened again and Mick came back. Before
I had a chance to resist a tight fitting rubber hood was forced over my head
cutting off all light. It was the open type with holes for both mouth and nose
but no eye holes. 

Hey, what that? Have you figured out new plans? I asked a bit
excited again.

Oh yes my dear, I have bought you a present. I
really think you have done well during the past days and therefore I have
decided to give you a present and to let you sleep with me tonight. Just relax
and let me dress you Mick said and untied my legs from the chair. He raised my
ass a bit and I could feel something being placed under my cheeks: Then my legs
were lowered again and I felt his hands doing some more between my legs. He
then dressed me in a pair of panties, which just felt like they were the
perfect fit. 

I now dress you in stockings and more. Just relax
and wait for new instructions he said and continued. I felt him begin to put
my legs in the stocking and after a few minutes I figured out what was going
on.

You are dressing me in latex? Am I right? I
asked.

Absolutely my dear. I have decided to let you try how Anne is for the
night. I have bought you a specially made transparent latex suit exactly your
size. As it has zippers the right places it isnt water tight as Annes is.
Therefore I have diapered you like a baby. We cant have you soil your new suit
during the night. You will be chained in my bed beside me all night. Im sorry
I made you drink a lot but it will be no problem as you are diapered. Dont
think on bothering me asking for a toilet because I wont let you use it until
tomorrow. Fell free to use your diaper if you cant hold back. I just thought
it would do you good to be in the same condition as Anne. Your fortune is that
it will only last for one night but Im sure you will be longing to be released
tomorrow. Mick told me and laughed. While talking he had dressed me to the
lower part of my torso and then he totally released me from the chair and
helped me to my feet. 

Oh no, it will make me sweat like hell all night.
I said but I couldnt hide my excitement as I actually loved the idea. It would
be great to feel how Anne is. The major difference will be that the temperature
in Annes cell is 31 degrees Celsius (87.8 degrees Fahrenheit) while the
temperature in the bedroom is about 21 degrees Celsius (69.8 degrees
Fahrenheit). It will be a kind of strange as I actually had the feeling that
the more I would sweat during the night the more exciting it would be as I knew
Anne was in a worse condition. Mick had some problems putting my arms in the
sleeves but finally he succeeded and I was completely sealed in latex.

You
really look sexy sweetheart, Tomorrow you will see it yourself. I have bought a
transparent hood for it as well but tonight I will let you wear the black one.
My hands were cuffed at the back and then he guided me to the bedroom. After a
while I was chained with feet shackles and a collar to the bedposts. He covered
my body with a blanket and then he took position beside me. 

Good
night my dear, sleep well and pleasant dreams. I dont hope you will feel cold
during the night but if you do then feel free to ask me for more blankets Mick
said and laughed while caressing my already sweaty breasts and then he went to
sleep.

I didnt
sleep much during the night. I had a strange feeling consisting of both
discomfort and excitement. The more I sweated the more exciting I felt as I
knew Anne was sweating much worse.

&nbsp;

_______________________________________________________________________________

&nbsp;

Mick had been reading in Jennifers diary. He was
wearing a comfortable jogging suit as usual when reading this exciting reading.
It made it easy to touch the right spots when it became too exciting. Lex
entered the room wearing her tight fitting leather suit and her sexy long boots
making her look as the sexiest woman you can imagine.

&nbsp;

Hi Mick, having a good time? I can
see you have. The front of your jogging trousers leaves no doubt you have a
hard on! she said smiling.

&nbsp;

Youre onto me! Its not easy to have secrets with
you walking around! Mick said and laughed What have you been doing?

&nbsp;

I have checked our precious pet and made sure she was
all right. God, how she is feeling uncomfortable and humiliated being
transferred to a pure rubber creature. Though she has had her arms free some
hours during the ordeal it hasnt been much help to her. The mittens make sure
she isnt able to remove ay parts of her sexy suit. She just continued begging
for release while I feed her and made sure she had a lot to drink. I really
think she have difficulties enduring the rubber enclosure. I checked her out;
the temperature inside the suit is overwhelming. It really must be an
experience to her. She almost went insane when I fitted the gasmask again
isolating her from the outer world again. Im sure she will be ready to do
anything to get red of that suit but she will still have to wait a couple of
days before it is over. Mistress Lex said and laughed.

&nbsp;

Sounds great. I think she is
about to realise that her future is uncertain and that she will have to
corporate. During the reading I have got an idea for her further treatment.
Have a cup of coffe and take a seat and I read some
lines for you Mick said to Lex and started reading in the diary while she took
place beside him.

&nbsp;

10th of
June 1952

&nbsp;

I decided to read
some of the old papers in the old courtroom located close to the entrance to
the prison area. Visiting this area always made me both shiver in fear and
turning hot in excitement. The place just oozed of pain, humiliation and
discomfort. I was certain that the trials carried out this place werent that
fair to the victim at all. I took one of the old books and began reading it.

&nbsp;

One of the old books
included a very detailed description of a trial, if you even can call it a
trial. Dear reader, as you probably never will be able to find my secret area I
have decided to include this very exciting trial. I can tell that even writing
it makes me wet again and I just wish I would have been able to be one of the
members of the jury witnessing all this. Prepare yourself for some very heavy
stuff!

&nbsp;

Well sweet Jennifer, had you known that I would buy
the house you probably wouldnt have spent time writing it but Im of course
grateful as it probably makes the diary more exciting to read. Mick said pausing
for a while.

&nbsp;

What? What are you telling? Are you talking to this
woman? Lex asked smiling.

&nbsp;

Sorry Lex, each time I have read this diary I just
couldnt help talking to her. The way she writes makes it so alive, just like
she is standing beside us telling it with her own mouth. When being alone in the house I sometimes
have been shivering and sometimes feeling cold as well looking around as I had
the feeling she was watching me though I know she is gone long time ago Mick
told Lex with a broad but embarrassing smile as he thought it was stupid having
these feelings. Then he continued reading for Lex.



The circle had kept
meetings four times during the past months. Three females and one woman had
been sentenced to death for some serious crimes. All four prisoners disappeared
before the execution was carried out and all disappeared with no trace at all.
Their disappearances were all arranged by members of the closed circle. The
final decisions were made during the secret meetings. They normally kidnapped
the convicted prisoners if they thought the judgement was too easy and that the
judged wasnt punished enough for the crimes they had committed. The next pages
were about the trials carried out for a thirty years old woman who had been
transferred to the prison deep underground. Right now she probably didnt know
that she never would leave this prison again or if she did she would be a
completely different person.

&nbsp;

During the trials a
number of peoples from the circle were invited to participate and at least four
guards participated as well to help convincing the prisoner to confess
whatever they wanted them to confess. 

The jury had already
been seated and they were enjoying the sight of the occupied cages while having
a drink before the real work began. They were all awaiting the prisoner
supposed to be put through the trial as she had to arrive before the highly
honoured Judge entered his throne flanked by his two female supervisor judges,
who were responsible for all advices he needed for making the right decision. 

Each of the three
cages below the large court table for the main judge and his helpers contained
a person in different restraints. The relatively tiny cages left not room for
the person to stand having to sit in an exhausting squatting position. 

The centre cage was
occupied by the man. He had been chained within the cage with legs widely apart
as usual for prisoners exposing themselves. His hands and head had been trapped
between tow pillory shaped halves which was held in place by four chains
located at each corner of the pillory. He didnt move much but he seemed to be
in great troubles. Having a closer look the reason why was quite obvious as a
strap had been buckled tightly around both is dick and balls almost cutting of
blood. A chain had been linked to the strap and fastened to the floor of the
cage. The chain had been separated in two and linked by a spring constant
adding stress to his sore balls no matter what he did. Some of the women in the
jury really enjoyed his discomfort and they verbally abused him telling how
miserable and ugly he looked and that they were looking forward to have fun
with him later after his judgement.

The cage at the
right contained a twenty five years old woman. She was kept squatting by a
cruel head-cage linked to the top of the cage by a chain. If she wanted to rest
she had to hang by her head and accept the sharp steel cutting in her head and
neck. The length of the chain locking her head-cage to the top of the cage
actually did give her some freedom to move her body up and down but she also
remain quite steady in position as a cruel steel dildo increasing in size
towards the floor of the cage had been inserted in her ass. Resting while
hanging in the head-cage would mean opening her sore ass hole to the very
limit. Her complaining screams had been cut of by a dildo shaped wood rod
forced deeply into her mouth and locked to the cage. Her hands were cuffed
behind the back making sure they werent used for giving relief at all.

The cage to the
right was occupied by a forty years old woman with her hands changed to a
circular steel band surrounding her waist. It wasnt tight at all giving it
freedom to move up and down. The woman would probably have preferred that it
was tight around the waist as a cruel looking curved narrow steel band with
spiked surface was attached to the waist band between her legs. Four chains
were attached at the front, back and sides of the waist band and they were
locked to the ceiling bars of the cage making it look like she was sitting on a
swing. As usual her legs were chained widely apart. She desperately tried to
keep balance as sitting on the swing caused her extreme pain. Complains and
screams were cut of by a cruel looking heavy leather gag covering the lower
part of her face.

The jury really
enjoyed the look of these poor peoples and shouted out encouraging and
helpful words like Please enjoy, watch the work carried out by the guard
during the judgement carefully as you will be next 

The heavy door to
the courtroom creaked open and everybody turned around facing the entrance to
see the prisoner enter the courtroom. Their applauses left no doubt that they
were surprised and satisfied. The woman entering had been cruelly restrained.
Her legs were separated by a steel spreader bar locked to her legs. The
spreader bar made walking quite difficult for her. The guard dragged in the
link chain running from the broad steel collar locked around her neck. The act
made her scream as the sudden movement caused her breasts severe pain as she
couldnt help dragging in her sore breast during this act. This was caused by
the fact that her breasts had been locked to a steel device with two round
steel bands that could be tightened by turning a screw located on each band.
The steel bands were held into place by a leather strap buckled behind the
back. But this wasnt all. A steel rod had been mounted at the outer side of
each band and at the end of these rods handcuffs had been mounted. The
prisoners hands were cuffed by these handcuffs. Each movement of her arms or
hands sent waves after wave of pain through her sore deeply red breasts. A
quite open head-cage had been locked around her head and when the guard
dragging her into the room was satisfied with the initial exposing the prisoner
was chained by a chain running from the ceiling to the ring located at the top
of her head-cage. The guard wasnt satisfied with the exposing as she first
parted the ass cheeks exposing the womans asshole and then she turned her
around and parted her cunt lips for the jury.
The applause she received left no doubt that they loved her show. She
ordered the prisoner to remain in this position until the judge arrived to let
them enjoy her naked body until the judge arrived.

&nbsp;

All raise! a man
shouted out loudly and in came superior judge flanked by his two female helpers
all dressed in black ordinary clothes of judges.

&nbsp;

Turn around and
face the highly honoured judge responsible for a fair trial for you! the
female guard shouted and gave the prisoner a hard stroke with her whip. The
restrained woman jumped with a short loud cry and she turned around as quickly
as she could as she didnt want another stroke with the whip.

&nbsp;

Bow your head you
filthy slut. Show the honoured judge the respect he deserve! the guard cried
out again and the scared woman did immediately as she was told hoping the whip
remained resting at the right side of the guards belt but it didnt.

&nbsp;

SWACK, SWACK, the
whip spoke the merciless language of pain followed by a loud scream from the
woman. 

&nbsp;

Shut up! Keep your
filthy mouth closed or I gag you. Is that what you want? Then you wont be able
to answer at all save for shaking and nodding your head. The guard cried out
again. The scared woman just remained silence.

&nbsp;

You may all sit
except for the prisoner awaiting her judgement! Lets hear what she is on trial
for! the judge said in an authoritative tone. 

&nbsp;

The prosecutor
raised and started reading This woman had been found guilty in trying to
escape her judgement. We found her two miles away from the prison! I recommend
that she will be sentenced to severe discipline and training for at least
thirty years. She really is a bad example of law and order 

&nbsp;

And the defender,
lets hear the defence for this criminal if anything can be told helping her!
the judge asked. An extremely good looking woman in high society dress rose. 

&nbsp;

Im responsible for
dressing this slut for her trial. Furthermore I have had the pleasure to be
guard for this criminal for about six months. This slut is the most skilful
slut I ever have met or maybe she is just a stupid slut fearing pain, I dont
really know. The fact is that I have had this slut as my personal slave kept in
a tiny cage if not used for the last four months. She still needs training but
her progress is promising and she has no problems satisfying both men and
women. In my opinion it would be a terrible waste if this slut was executed. I
totally agree with the prosecutor. After thirty years I dont know if she still
is wanted for sex but maybe she can work. If needed I dont see it as a problem
to extent her period in the prison! the so-called said.

&nbsp;

Has the criminal
anything to tell? I will like to hear if you are able support your defence or
we are ready to vote! the judge said. 

&nbsp;

Yes your great
honoured judge. I dont understand why my defender wants to extent my period in
prison? Will you please answer this question? After your answer I have more to
ask the prisoner tried sounding a bit scared as she wasnt sure if this was
accepted.

&nbsp;

The slut has
nothing to tell! Gag her with a nausea gag. Let her feel what disobedience
causes! And then lets finish the defenders and prosecutors speeches and let
the jury vote! We dont have all day! 

&nbsp;

Two guards
approached the prisoner; one holding an evil looking large metal dildo shaped
rod and the other with a bowl containing a brown disgusting looking substance.
They showed the woman how the dildo was coated with the substance and then they
prepared to let the dildo enter the prisoners mouth.

&nbsp;

Noooooo,
please noooooooo, I dont need this!!! Aaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuhhh she screamed as one the guards had
put her right hand between her legs and squeezed the cunt lips between her
fingers. The scream was silenced by the dildo forced deeply into her throat
making her eyes look as they would pop out of their sockets. Then the gag was
locked into place by a locking device mounted at the head cage. The locking
device that there would be absolutely no danger that she would expel the gag
without the right tools for removing it. Her stomach movement left no doubt
that the nausea substance was quite effective. She began sweating due to the
cruel treatment but her struggling was just ignored. The members of the jury
seemed to love the treatment as some of them were busy doing something with
their hands between their legs.

&nbsp;

OK, leave her
again. I think this will teach her to obey orders! the so called defender said
laughing loudly.

&nbsp;

OK, and now tell me
why this slut showing disrespect deserve the hospitality we offer in this
prison the judge asked.

&nbsp;

Ill show you. I
have prepared a show for you to prove she deserves to be trained and kept in
the prison for indefinite stay! Guards, please let my helpers enter the
courtroom. I have decided to let two of my level two trained slaves carry out
the ordeals to demonstrate her skills while one the stupid level one male slave
watch it. I think it is an excellent occasion to teach him why it is important
to show progress! He really has difficulties learning what it is all about the
defender told while the guards opened the doors to the courtroom and left for a
few minutes.

&nbsp;

It will teach you a
lesson as well!! Just watch carefully as it will teach you a lesson about what
might happen if you dont obey orders! the defender said facing the
prisoners in the three cages.

&nbsp;

They came back
dragging three prisoners behind them using the link chains running from their
steel neck collars. The two female prisoners were only dressed in one of these
evil spiked chastity belts with hands chained to the broad steel belt holding
the belt into place. The link chains from the cuffs were pretty long leaving
them much freedom to use the hands. Both slaves were heavily gagged. Under the
gag they wore the open type executioner hood covering the upper half of the
head with only two eye holes. The combination looked bizarre as they both
looked like slaves and tormentors. The male prisoner wore chastity belt as well
but his belt was quite different. He wore the tube type belt and a special one.
A penis had been forced into a relative narrow curved and short tube letting
the head of his dick remain uncovered of the tube. The tube was locked into
place by two quite broad steel bands encircling each ball. His feet had been
put in shackles and the heavy link chains from the shackles were locked to
rings mounted on the cock steel bands. This meant that each step he took made
him feel the weight of the chains at they dragged evilly on the rings squeezing
the balls. But this wasnt all. The curved tube had thread at the end. An outer
tube could be screwed onto it. The chastity belt set consisted of an amount of
different shaped outer tubes. One was shaped like a cage with tiny holes all
over the tube, another had spikes mounted at the inner surface and then the set
also comprised a solid tube completely hiding the cock when mounted. The
defender had chosen the solid type making any touching of the cock impossible
and making even pissing a problem as the piss had to escape through the inner
tube and that wasnt an easy task as it fitted quite tightly. Furthermore it
provided a quite unpleasant feeling as the tube always contained an amount of
piss in the outer tube as the only way it was possible to make the piss leave
the tube was to pus the best he could to make the pressure necessary to make it
leave the inner tube. Sometimes more discomfort was added by coating the outer
tube with itching powder before mounting it. When nice mounted the outer tubes
were locked with a special locking device making any removal impossible without
the right tool. The prisoner had been gagged with a heavy leather harness gag
to make complaining impossible and his hands had been cuffed to the broad steel
band locked around his waist. The defender made sure the prisoners passed the jury
and that the judge and his two female help judges had a clear view of the
procession. 

&nbsp;

The male slave was
forced to stand on two feet size wood blocks bolted to the floor. His feet were
shackled with shackles bolted to the floor. The chains from the shackles were
about two and a half feet long. The wood blocks were placed with about two feet
space between them and the high of each wood piece was about two feel as well.
A guard took position on a stair behind the prisoner and first she locked a
head cage hanging from the ceiling in a chain around his head. Then she
un-cuffed his hands and chained them to shackles hanging from the ceiling as
well. If he failed stand on the wood pieces he would have to use all strength
to hold his body in the air by his arms in order to avoid being suspended by
the head cage.

&nbsp;

Just remain in
position or you will be sorry! It is quite painful to hang from the ceiling
suspended by a tight fitting head cage. the defender said and then she then
faced the awaiting crowd of peoples who hardly could wait for her next move.
The room was just oozing of excitement.

&nbsp;

I have decided to
reward you though you still are a stupid level one slave. I think you deserve a
blowjob in front of all these peoples. Im sure one of the two female sluts
sitting on their knees in front of you will be happy to do it for you! I just
need to remove the gag before they are able to do it and then the slut having
the fortune to be the chosen one will be able to suck the head of your stinking
dick. What do you think? she asked facing the male prisoner.

&nbsp;

Ohhh
noaaa, the male prisoner shouted in his gag while
desperately shaking his head from side to side but his pleading was just
ignores while the defender ordered the head harness removed of one of the female
prisoners sitting on the floor. She unlocked the outer tube of his belt and
ordered the female level two slave to do as ordered. 

&nbsp;

I really think you
will enjoy this! The stupid male slave in front of you is the one responsible
for raping you with the rough surface strap on dildo for more than one hour
until you begged for mercy. Im sure you will love to give his trapped dick a
blowjob until it is almost bursting due to the blood pumped into the head of
his smelly cock. Now remove the outer tube and begin! she ordered with a broad
smile at her face. The slave had been hooded during the rape. Therefore she
hadnt been able to notice that the rape actually had been carried out by the
defender herself.

&nbsp;

The stench when removing the container
completely trapping the dick was overwhelming and disgusting. The look at the
slaves face clearly indicated how disgusting the smell was when the outer tube
was removed and she emptied the tube at the floor. The defender explained for
the crowd.

&nbsp;

This type of belt
completely seals the dick. The special construction makes pissing almost
impossible. After the first bladder relief the lower part of the dick is
continuously soaked with his filthy piss. After a while it begins to cause
irritation as you probably can see. Both the head and the prepuce are deeply
red. When wearing this type of belt you have to pour disinfectant in the outer
container from time to time and lock it into place again. Its quite painful
for the victim but it makes sure no permanent damage occurs. OK slut, you may
proceed licking and sucking his cock. Give him a nice blowjob and lick him
clean again. Im sure you love the stench of his dick! the defender ordered
and laughed loudly.

&nbsp;

Then female slave
began to suck and lick the smelly cock. It really looked soiled and it looked
like it had been trapped like that for a long time. The look at her face
clearly indicated how disgusting it tasted but she just didnt dare to resist.
The male slave just couldnt resist her touch and the fact that she cared his
balls and ass during the blowjob didnt make it easier. The cock just continued
to grow though the short curved tube didnt allow it. Soon the head of his cock
turned almost blue and he screamed the best he could through his gag while
shaking his head from side to side. The pain from the belt made it impossible
for him to come but the blood just continued to flow to the dick making it more
and more painful and uncomfortable. After about ten minutes the defender
ordered her to stop and she was quickly gagged again. When she stopped the
screams from the male slave were almost hysterical and he moved his hips
quickly from side to side in a useless attempt to avoid her touch.

&nbsp;

The defender
approached the suffering slave smiling in excitement OK boy, enjoy your hard
on. You have tried it before. You know it takes more than fifteen minutes
before all blood has left the well pumped head again giving you plenty of time
to enjoy it

&nbsp;

She then faced the
jury. Especially some of the women in the jury really seemed to love what they
just had witnessed as they paid more attention to the suffering male slave than
to the defender. 

&nbsp;

Well, I see that it
is quite difficult for some of you to pay attention to my defending of the poor
defendant the defender said while enjoying the applauses from the crowd. They
all seemed to enjoy her show including the honoured Judge. Then she approached
the suffering male slave again and inspected his still deeply blue dick.

&nbsp;

Let this be a
lesson to remember! Im very disappointed with your progress. You should have
been a level two slave long ago. I have wasted too much time training you but
it seems to be necessary. I actually dont know if the reason just is that you
are stupid or because you are stubborn but Im sure I will find out later. I
have ways to reveal this secret! the defender said while dragging in the leg
chains attached to the two steel bands trapping and squeezing his balls. His
even more frantically turning of his
head and the loud muffling behind the heavy leather gag left no doubt that her
act added pain to his already sore balls being trapped by the evil steel bands
for that long. The defender turned around on her long sexy leather boots and
approached the awaiting defendant. Right now she was standing as still as she
could in order to avoid further pain in her sore breasts. Each movement of her
chained hands added pain to the deeply blue breasts and the inner muscles of
her loins were cramping and quite sore due to the uncomfortable spread position
caused by the spreader bar locked to her feet.

&nbsp;

I will now show you
why this slut deserves to be offered our hospitality. You all know that we earn
money to pay our expenses to keep this prison alive by renting our prisoners to
specially chosen men and women with special needs. If the slave faints during
the ordeals the contract approve that they are offered a new slave within two
weeks to fulfil the contract. This is of course provided the man or woman has
only subjected the slave to treatment in accordance to the agreement. It is
quite annoying to have to offer a customer a new slave as it both is time
consuming and that it in a way indicates that our pre-training of the slaves
havent be well enough. The woman standing in front of you seems to maintain a
pretty high pain threshold. In order to let you see it I have prepared a little
show for you. After this show I think we will be ready to vote as Im sure the
prosecutor will agree that she deserves our hospitality and that they agree it
cant be anything else than indefinite stay. Guards; remove the gag from slave
two and make her suck the clit of this slut large and swollen. I want it as
sensitive as possible. She is allowed to suck her to the very limit of an
orgasm! the defender ordered.

&nbsp;

One female and one
male guard quickly removed the gag from one of the slaves and dragged her in
position between the legs of the restrained woman and her head was pushed up
between her legs giving her access to her shaven cunt. She didnt dare to
refuse and she began to suck her clit while caring her cunt lips with the
chained hands. It didnt take long before the woman was moaning in pleasure as
she couldnt react to the caring touch from the slave who used all the skills
she had been taught to make her wet and horny. The woman turned deeply red as
it was quite embarrassing to react to the touch in front of the whole crowd but
she had no choice. After a while the defender could see she was at the very
limit to come and she ordered the slave to stop. Then she approached the horny and
excited woman with a tiny evil looking device. It was a clamp with heavy
springs to keep the jaws together. The jaws had a rough surface to make sure it
remained located no matter how much the body was shaking while it was located.
The clamp caused severe pain no matter where it was located on the body of a
victim. This clamp would be located a very special place with hundreds of
nerves sending signals to the brain that it was hurting like hell.

&nbsp;

Spread her cunt
lips and make sure her clit is ready for the clamp! I want her to be punished
for being horny in front of the crowd! the defender ordered.

&nbsp;

The slave waited
with carrying out the order and looked at the defender with begging eyes. She
knew about the pain from these kinds of clamps and she had never tried it on
her clit. Normally clamps with smaller springs were used for this sensitive
peace of meat. Even these relatively harmless clamps cause the slaves severe
pain and discomfort. The defenders sudden move for the evil whip hanging from
her belt made her change her mind and she quickly parted the womans cunt lips
making the clit visible for the crowd and judge. The woman shouted the best she
could in her gag trying to make the defender change her mind but she didnt.
She just squatted in front of the spread legs and then she opened the jaws of
the evil clamp, place them with the swollen clit between the jaws and then she
released the springs making the jaws trap the clit. The screams and the
frantically movement of the body left no doubt that they did the work they were
supposed to do. The slave helping the defender was ordered back to her place
again in order to let the crowd be able to see what was going on. The woman
just continued to scream the best she could in her gag. Her body was glistening
of sweat running down her body and she was shaking like she was cramping.
Within about three minutes she gradually regained control again as the jaws
made the blood leave the clit making it less sensitive. The defender and the
crowd enjoyed the show for a while until the woman seemed to have gained full
control again. 

&nbsp;

You probably have
realised what I mean. This slut really seems to be something. I have tried this
on other sluts. They have all fainted during this torture but this one seems to
be different. This is the third test I have made and she still seems to be able
to control it. Now it is time for her second wave of pain. I guess you all know
that the pain returns when the clamp is removed and the blood returns to the
sensitive spot of her body? If not Im sure you know after this last
demonstration! the defender said and removed the clamp and continued.

&nbsp;

Normally I dont
tell what will happen while the slave is listening as I want it all to be a
surprise but as this slut has tried it before she knows exactly what will
happen. The first time I removed it she really was grateful as the pain
temporary disappeared but after a few seconds it completely changes. The blood
returning makes the nerves come to live again and then it all starts again. I
call it the double pain producer. It hurts when located and it hurts when
removed. Its just so exciting and enjoyable for the Master or Mistress using
this marvellous tool. She said and laughed. During her speaking the crowd
could see she was telling the truth. The body of the steel restrained woman
started to shake violently again and it became even more sweaty. 

&nbsp;

The great part of
this is that controlling the pain is completely out of the hand of both the
Mistress and the slave. It just has to carry on until the nerves have gained
control again and they stop sending signals to the brain. Isnt it exciting?
the defender asked with a broad smile at her face. The applauses from the crowd
told her she still were entertaining them and that they just loved it. The
woman screamed in her gag for about fifteen minutes before she seemed to be
able to control the pain again and her screams changed to a more controlled
moaning while she again tried to remain as still as possible to avoid any
further pain in her breasts. The defender just ignored her begging eyes but
paid attention to the honoured judge awaiting her next move.

&nbsp;

I really think my
demonstration proves that this slut deserves to be protected under the caring
wings of this hospital prison. It would be a terrible waste to fulfil her
initial trial. She will be able to provide us with a lot of pleasure and
enjoyments as well as I think she will be just perfect for customers with very
special needs. You all know that the more special the needs are the more they are
prepared to pay. Provided the prosecutor has no objections I think we are ready
to let the jury recommend the final judgement of this slut the defender
completed her so called defence of the poor woman evilly restrained in steel in
front of the crowd.

&nbsp;

I have no
objections. My only suggestion is that the slut is trapped in one of the tiny
toilet cells a couple of weeks. I think she looks a little more proud than I
like. A couple of degrading and humiliating weeks in a toilet cell will
certainly break the last dignity she may have and make her ready to obey orders
and do whatever she is told to do for both us and customers! the prosecutor
answered.

&nbsp;

OK, I think enough
has been said to make the jury able to vote. Remember that you are representing
our society and that you are responsible for making our country a safe place.
Your job is to make the right decision and to make sure our brave citizens feel
safe. Now leave the room and make the final decision. I dont think any of you
have any doubt concerning my opinion? If you have Im ready to answer questions
before you vote. The honoured judge said facing the jury. 

&nbsp;

The chairman of the
jury spoke I have no problems voting and my members have no further questions.
We will vote as quickly as possible and tell you our decision the chairman
said.

&nbsp;

It didnt take the
jury long to vote. Fifteen minutes after leaving the courtroom they returned
and took place again.

&nbsp;

Have you agreed a
decision? And if you have then let us all hear it! the honoured judge asked

&nbsp;

We have. We think
the slut is guilty in the charges. We recommend indefinite stay in the prison
starting with three weeks in the tiny toilet cell the chairman said. The woman
didnt look that satisfied with the decision but as she still was gagged she
couldnt complain.

&nbsp;

The honoured judge
slammed the hammer in the desk. The jury has spoken. This will be the future
of this slut. Make sure she will be offered both male and female guards for her
training and make sure she is put through an extended examination to make sure
she is in good health condition. The trial is closed. Remove the prisoners in
this room! the judge said and left the room.

&nbsp;

New arrival for the
prison

&nbsp;

Isnt it lovely? It really must have been something
to be a member of this secret circle of the chosen few. Miss Jennifer really
was a skilful story teller. She is able to you feel as you are just in the
middle of it all. Its the second time I read this part of her diary as I have
been doing some thinking concerning the future for the two of us. Mick said,
and awaited a reaction from Lex. She looked at him both excited and curious.

&nbsp;

Anne has been trapped in the prison for about three
weeks now and she has given both me and you a lot of fun and pleasure. Anyway, I
have been thinking that it really could be better. For instance, when you
forced her to lick you for about an hour between your legs it did of course
excite me to see it, especially when you forced her to ride the huge dildo
during her oral service between your legs. But I was thinking how nice it could
be if we had two slaves for amusing us. Mick said with a dreaming look at his
face. 

&nbsp;

I have been
doing some thinking. Its both fun and exciting to figure out new ways to push
slut Anne further and further into the world of pain and discomfort. But Im
beginning to find it a kind of boring just to treat this one and only slut.
Keeping her in good shape and health condition is really low costing. The food
is the cheapest foul food you can buy for money and the accommodation cost
nothing anymore as the house is already paid. As it really is low costing
keeping this slut in our stable I was thinking if it was an idea to find a
friend for her. Why not find another untrained soul who always has been
dreaming about being trained to be a submissive slave slut? It will be no
problem paying for one more slut as all we need is to make sure she survive.
What do you think? I really think that tandem training would add new aspects to
our pleasure. We could let them torture each other while we enjoyed the look.
They would be able to satisfy us both simultaneously .I could carry on giving
examples and there are plenty of cells and special rooms. Master Mick and
paused awaiting Mistress Lex answer in excitement.

&nbsp;

I think you have read my mind. I have had the same
thoughts for some time ago but I just wouldnt tell as I was afraid you
wouldnt like it. Lets just do it and the sooner the better. I can already
feel my juices flow thinking on all the fun we can have with two slave sluts. Maybe
we will even like it that much that we decide to kidnap more women to the
prison. There is room enough for several willing visitors who will be so
grateful for our hospitality Mistress Lex said laughing loudly while she
switched on the monitor for Annes cell. 

&nbsp;

Hi sweetie, I wish you could hear our conversation.
Im sure you would find it exciting to be introduced to a new friend. Ohhh, you seem to have troubles with the comfortable
restraints. Are they causing you pain?
Thats good! Thats what they are supposed to do to you Mistress Lex
said and laughed again.

&nbsp;

Im just so happy you like the idea as well. All we
have to do now is to be prepared and make sure we have everything ready. We
will never know when we by pure luck meet a poor woman who wont be missed at
all if she disappears. The first thing will be to install the large box in the
trunk of our van again. Its important that the citizens in our town are used
to see us drive with this box. Then we will always be ready to hide a kidnapped
woman in the box and transfer her to her new nice home. I hardly can wait until
we find her. Mick said and paused still excited by the idea.

&nbsp;

If we succeed finding another slave I suggest that we
store them both in the tiny cages in the courtroom for some days awaiting their
fair trial. Maybe we could figure out a bizarre way of selecting the first
one to go through the trail. Mick said. Lex just nodded and gave him a kiss
and a big hug to indicate how satisfied she was with the new idea. 

&nbsp;

The next weeks Master Mick and Mistress Lex drove
around a lot to check out the area and to make sure all citizens were used to
see them driving around in the area with the large box installed in the van. It
was summer time meaning the area was filled with peoples on holiday. Lex and
Mick knew it was quite common that singles visited the area hoping to find a
boy or girlfriend. Both Mick and Lex paid attention to the females arriving as
singles. They always checked out the ferry arriving to the port and while doing
this they took picture of the females entering alone. Then one day a relatively
good looking woman entered the harbour area. They noticed her because she
looked a bit dirty. Her body was cleaned as she probably had used the bathing
facilities onboard but her clothes looked quite stained. Lex took a couple of
pictures of her. She was about 160 cm tall, had shoulder long brown hair and
brown eyes. Her figure was quite womanly, a little bit overweight but with a
lot of curves on the right places. 

&nbsp;

This slut looks like she has been on the move for
quite a long time and she seems to be alone. I think we need to check her out
quickly. Nobody seem to notice her and I think she has been left alone during
the trip if she has been that nasty dressed. That makes it perfect as she will
remain quite anonymous to the newcomers and our peoples from the city wont
notice her before she has her clothes cleaned. Why not check her out and offer
her to take care of laundry? Then we can talk with her and find out about her background.
Maybe she is perfect, who knows? We have to check. As we have to make sure she
wont be scared I think the best is that you talk to her Lex. She will probably
feel more comfortable entering the van with a woman than a man. Wouldnt you
agree? Mick asked Lex.

&nbsp;

I think you are right. If you walk to our secret not
frequent visited place I will see what I can do. Just make sure you remain
hidden until I give you a sign or call for you. Lex said and left Mick.

&nbsp;

The woman really looked like she was lost. She took
position on a bench and checked out some papers. Lex approached her and by an
accident she hit the womans suitcase and fell.

&nbsp;

Auch, why have you placed
your suitcase like that? You almost cant pass it Lex said while simulating
that she endured pain.

&nbsp;

Im terrible sorry! I didnt think about it. Are you
alright?

&nbsp;

Lex almost smiled at the desperate and hopeless tone
in the womans voice. Yes, but I think
I need to sit down for a minute. 

The woman made room for her on the bench beside her, and began apologising
again. Lex pretended to be surprised when tears started to fall. Its alright,
Im not hurt. Why are you crying? 

&nbsp;

Oh sniffled the woman I
have had a terrible trip. Im not having fun at all. This was supposed to be a
holiday which should make me a lot of new friends but all seems to have failed.
And look at my clothes! This is my cleanest dress and I just havent had any
luck finding a cheap place for cleaning clothes. Im out of money and my credit
card has been stolen. By pure luck they didnt steal my personal papers and
identification cards. I just dont know what to do! I had to stow away on this
ship in order to come here, as I am completely broke. I dont have any money
for accommodation, or food   she broke off with a
sob. 



Thats terrible!
replied Lex with a concerned voice. Where are
your friends or family?

&nbsp;

I came alone.
I havent been touch with family for a long time. I broke connection for
some months ago and told them it was too much. They wanted to control my life
though Im adult able to take care of myself. I just told them that I would
leave them, I am 21 already and not a young girl anymore and after some
thinking I would decide what to do. I even told them that it might mean good
bye for ever!

&nbsp;

This really is our lucky day! A woman with no
connections at all and she still carries her personal papers and identification
cards! Had they been stolen as well there would be a danger that the police
would look for her. Nobody will miss her at all. Furthermore her name isnt
mentioned on the passenger list meaning she actually isnt arrived this place
officially. She hardly can be more anonymous! Now all I have to do is to make
her enter the van without much attention. This should be easy as the van was
parked a few feet away. Lex thought.

&nbsp;

Im Alice, by the
way.  Lex said, figuring a false name was a safer bet until they had her
safely restrained. I remember once when
I was younger being in a situation similar to yours. No one would help me, and I
felt very alone. But I think I can help you. I live not far from here, and you
can come home with me, and at least take care of your laundry. I have a
roommate, so youll be quite safe, and you can have something to eat and a rest
while you figure out what youre going to do next.

&nbsp;

Ohhhhh, thanks a lot Alice.
Im Mitchi. You are actually the first person who has been kind to me
for the last days. I hope you accept that I cant pay. 

&nbsp;

Of course! I wouldnt expect
you to pay; Im helping you because I want to, not because I want to be
paid! There is one slight problem,
though. Im actually at work right now. Im a sales woman for a company, and
Im not allowed to have passengers in the van during work due to insurance
problems.

I could hide! Mitchi burst out, almost before Lex had finished speaking. I could lie in the boot or something.

Lex smiled slightly, this was almost too easy.
Ok, if you will be kind enough to lie in the back of the van between
the box and the front seat it will work out fine. Im feeling lazy today; I
dont really want to work. If you can hide, well just drive to my place and
then I take a couple of hours off without anybody noticing it. It just will be
a problem if they see me with a passenger in the van. Is that ok?

&nbsp;

Sure, no problem. If I
have my laundry problems solved Im ready to almost everything! Furthermore Im
starving like a dog the woman answered and entered the van with her luggage. 

&nbsp;

Good, now all we need is that I open the lid for the
box. The lid can be locked into place to the front seat making a table for
paper work. Then I place some papers on it and my boss wont notice you he
happens to see me. Just promise to remain silent if anyone comes to the window!
Lex instructed Mitchi and started the van. She drove to the secret place and
stopped. The lid for the box had been made of thick wood and the locks couldnt
be operated by Mitchi when she was trapped below it. Now Mitchi was trapped in
the van without knowing it yet. It was just perfect as this meant that she
didnt make any noises before it was too late.

&nbsp;

Shit, there is my boss! I have to talk to him! Please
remain silence. If he sees you we really are in trouble! Lex warned Mitchi.
Mitchi promised to do as instructed and Lex left the van and approached Mick. 

&nbsp;

I have her. She is just perfect! No family or
friends. She is just a poor soul on the run. It cant be more perfect. When
entering the van again you are my boss who has decided to let me drive you to
the company as I have made the stupid cow believe that you are my boss and that
you will be angry if you find her in the van. Silly cow actually entered the
trap box herself without being forced at all. Right now she is completely
oblivious to the fact that shes been kidnapped. Arent you proud of me? Lex
asked Mick and smiled broadly and then she continued without awaiting his
answer as she knew what it would be Take this syringe with sleeping medicine.
Your job will to open the tiny lid located between the two front seats and
empty it into her body. Its of no matter where you hit her. Its a strong
solution. If you hit right she will sleep for almost to days otherwise she will
sleep for at least twenty four hours giving us plenty of time to prepare her.
Lex told Mick

&nbsp;

No problem. Im already your boss though our
relations are more pleasure than business! Mick answered and laughed. Then
they approached the van again. Lex started it and they left again. Mick acted
as instructed and asked Lex about business and so on. While talking he prepared
the syringe and while Lex speeded up and made sure Mitchi wouldnt notice what
was going on before it was too late Mick rammed the syringe into Mitchis back and emptied it as quickly as possible. 

&nbsp;

AAaaaaaaaauuuhhhh, what are
you doing? What is going on? she cried out and hammered her hands against the
lid trapping her between the box and the back seat in a useless attempt to make
it open. She continued to struggle for a while and shouted out loudly as well
but then she gradually became weak and after only one minute she didnt move
any longer. She had left to dream land and she would remain like this for at
least twenty four hours. During her struggling Lex and Mick looked nervously
around the area afraid that somebody should notice. But they concluded that the
van made too much noise to make it audible for anybody. Mick checked if she was
nicely sleeping though the lid. Satisfied he turned to Lex again who still
concentrated on the driving. It was important not to make any mistakes as it
would be a disaster if the police stopped the van. 

&nbsp;

Its no need to place her within the box. She is
hidden as she is right now. If we move her it will only add risk as there is a
danger that somebody comes by while we are doing it. I just turn my seat and
looks like Im doing paper work. Then we are acting as usual. Just find
shortest way back home with our new pet Mick said to Lex.

&nbsp;

Safely back home again Lex parked the van in the
garage and closed the door for it. Then they opened closed the lid for the box
revealing their sleeping treasure. 

&nbsp;

She really has a sexy body. I hardly can wait to see
her naked and awaiting our instruction! Mick said to Lex while smiling. They
carried her to the basement and place her in a box for being lowered down into
the prison area by the electrically winch hidden in the entrance area for the
prison. After making sure all entrance doors for the house were locked they
both entered the prison area. First they checked Anne through the one way
windows to her cell. She didnt look that happy as she probably endured severe
cramps due to her restraints. Then they moved Mitchi from the box and placed
her on a mattress and began to undress her. 

&nbsp;

Ohhhhh, look at these huge
breasts and the nice tits! Just begging for clamps and such!
Mick said and felt his arousal grow. 

&nbsp;

Right and her cunt is even
better! And her cheeks! She seems to be perfect for our purpose! Lex answered
and enjoyed the smell of both piss and woman when she removed her soiled
panties. Now all we need is to restrain her nicely before placing her in the
intake cell for waking up! 

&nbsp;

Sure! I have decided to put her in normal prisoner
transportation chains and chain her by her neck collar to a ring at the wall
just to make sure she remains in her cell until we decide to let her leave it!
Mick said. Both Mistress Lex and Master Mick were extremely excited looking at
their new pet. They quickly restrained her. He dress consisted of leg and
hand cuffs chained to a heavy leather belt locked around the waist. Furthermore
a chain ran from her collar to the belt. They carried her to the tiny intake
cell only seven feet time four feet. After chaining her neck collar to a ring
at the end wall they slammed the door shut leaving the light on. They wanted
her to be able to take a closer look of her new home when she awoke as well as
they knew it would be quite an experience to her to notice she was completely
naked save for her restraints. They placed her lying with the ass just above
the hole located at the middle of the cell for waste purposes. If she lost
bowel or bladder control during her sleep it would be done the right place.
Anyway, if she soiled the cell with her own waste it would be her problem as
she would remain in this tiny smelly cell the first couple of days or maybe the
whole week. It would depend on when Mistress Lex and Master Mick were ready to
commence her initial training, examination and the fair trial as well. They
both enjoyed the look of the restrained naked woman for a while and then they
left the cell again and decided to have some fun with sweet Anne just begging
to have further training.

&nbsp;

Wait a minute Mick said Its probably her first
stay in an isolation cell. I think we need to help her figure out what the hole
is for! Help me moving her a bit

&nbsp;

Lex and Mick moved their new pet a bit to the side and
then Mick opened his trousers and relieved his bladder in the hole.

&nbsp;

Good thinking! Now she will have no problems to find
out that the hole is her toilet and she will be able to enjoy the smell of her Masters
piss from the very beginning Mistress Lex said laughing loudly. They placed
Mitchi with her ass over the hole again and left the cell, leaving her on her
own.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Then they both took a last look at the chained woman
before slamming the door shut. Mick adjusted the temperature inside the cell to
make sure it would be quite hot inside. They didnt want her to get cold. 



&nbsp;



*Mitchi*

&nbsp;

When I woke up I didnt know where I was. I was
feeling cold but not that cold and didnt know why. Slowly I realised that I
was stark naked, every piece of clothing was gone. I really felt so ashamed and
humiliated. 

&nbsp;

Where am I? Who did this to me? Why am I tied up? 

&nbsp;

Suddenly I remembered what has happened to me a few
hours before:

&nbsp;

I was talking to that nice lady at the harbour after
leaving the ferry and getting in her car, then something hurt me and now I wondered if Alice had been
harmed, if she was in a similar predicament to me.

&nbsp;

I was trying to stand up but realized for some reason I
just couldnt. Desperately I tried to
move my arms because they were hurting and then I found out that I was
handcuffed as well to a very short link chains locked to her waist. 

&nbsp;

Oh my God, even my feet have been cuffed and I had
some kind of belt around my waist and Im wearing a steel collar as well. What
the heck is going on? Where am I? And why am I cuffed? I thought.

&nbsp;

Hey! Hey! Its
a mistake! What am I doing here? LET ME OUT! I paused and waited for an answer
but nobody answered. After some time, with nobody talking to me or telling me
why I was here, I got really desperate and screamed from the top of lungs, but
still nobody answered. I tried to calm down a bit and took stock of my
surroundings. I was in a tiny room with brick walls; it was so tiny that I just
hardly fit in. It looked like a prison!

&nbsp;

Why should I be in a prison? This woman who picked me
up, she must have something to do with this! My thoughts and then I got really
angry because I had no idea why I was captured like this. Then another thought
crossed my mind:

&nbsp;

I am naked, I am chained I read some articles before
about perverts who enjoy torturing other people for their sexual relief. Could
it be that I? Please tell me Im wrong! Now I was getting really scared. 

&nbsp;

What will they do with me? Will they ever let me go?
I shouldnt have told them that I have no friends and family  stupid me. I have
to escape from here, soon, before they come back. I tried very hard to get rid
of the handcuffs, tried desperately to get my hands out of them, but it didnt
work, they were too tight. And the more I tried the tighter they got until it
felt like they would cut the blood off. My wrists really began to hurt and I
was afraid if I continued they would fall off after some time because there
would be no blood circulation any more. So finally I stopped but by then the
pain was quite intense already. 

&nbsp;

Maybe I can get rid of my leg cuffs at least and kick
them, when they enter the room?

I didnt know for how long I was trying to get rid of
the cuffs, I had no clock and my sense of time was completely gone. It could
have been an hour, it could have been five hours or
ten minutes, for all I knew. Finally I realized that it made no sense and how hopeless
my situation was.

&nbsp;

I have to give up for now and wait, probably there will
be a chance to escape later or probably I could talk them out of it and they
would let me go. But for now there is no chance. I have to wait for my chance.

&nbsp;

I checked my surroundings again and she felt the hole
below her ass. With a great deal of difficulties I managed to move my body in a
position that made it possible for me to check it out. At first I had no idea
why there was a hole in the floor, but after some seconds it dawned on me.

&nbsp;

Pew, what a stench! This is
obviously meant to be my toilet and it has already been used. This is really
humiliating and degrading. I have to shit and piss in a hole and my waste
remain in this awful cell until somebody removes it! I didnt
want to think about it any more and moved my head as far away from the stinking
hole as possible. 

&nbsp;



I was still tired
and tried to get some rest but it wasnt easy due to the restraints making any
movement difficult. Each time I moved only a little bit the chains rattled and
made a lot of noise. Furthermore the tiny cramped cell began to make me feel
claustrophobia and I was both thirsty and hungry. 



&nbsp;

In the living room Master Mick and Mistress Lex had
noticed that their new pet had awaked. They had switched on the monitor and
they enjoyed her screams and struggling. 

&nbsp;

Just let her fight her useless battle. Its always
exciting to see how they cope with their new condition. I hardly can wait to
carry out the first extended examination of her body. I know you feel the same
Mick, right? Mistress Lex asked Master Mick

&nbsp;

Sure, would you like to make some bets? Give me a
shot of the size of the enema she can take? Or the length of
her nipples using the nipple stretcher? The dildo size
for both ass and cunt? Mick said and laughed.

&nbsp;

No problem, the loser buys dinner in town? Mistress
Lex asked.

&nbsp;

You got it! Lets write our bets on a paper and then
we bet! Mick said. They both decided to leave their new pet in the isolation
cell for a couple of days. All they would do was to offer her drinking water mixed
with piss as usual and some food all served through the tiny serving lid in the
heavy oak door for the cell.



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

In the meantime I continued to struggle, but without
success. I got more desperate as time passed by.

&nbsp;

I want to get out of here! Can somebody hear me?
Please, help me! Please open the door and let me go! 

&nbsp;

But as before, nobody responded and I couldnt help
myself anymore and quietly started to sob. I was scared and exhausted from my
struggles and my efforts to get free and I had no idea, what the future held in
store for me. Later I drifted off to an uneasy sleep that didnt last too long
because I was experiencing some violent nightmares. In each one of them I was
kidnapped and tortured, sometimes whipped, sometimes burned, sometimes gang-banged,
and after each one I awoke sweating and screaming and even more afraid of my
future.

&nbsp;

What will they do to me? I hope they wont hurt me.
Although, I hurt already, all my muscles start to cramp. I need to get up and
stretch them. And I need to go the toilet  but how? I will never use this
stinking hole in the floor; I am a human being and no animal. I need to get out
of here. 

&nbsp;

It was very exhausting for me and I had serious
problems controlling my bladder as I had to piss really badly. But still I couldnt
get myself to use the hole in the floor, it was too disgusting, and so I was
trying hard to hold my needs back. Suddenly, however, I couldnt control myself
any longer and let go, wetting myself. The piss dripped all over my body, along
my legs, across my stomach, and slowly found its way onto the floor. I was
disgusted.

&nbsp;

How can I do this? I wet myself, like a small child.
Oh my gush, I am such a pig! And now the piss is all over my body and the whole
room stinks. What have I done? I cant even control my bladder!

&nbsp;

I started to sob again, especially when the next cramp
hit me. It was the worst up to now and it never seemed to stop, I couldnt do
anything to make it better, just hold still and endure the pain, the seemingly
endless terrifying pain. It was almost the worst pain I had felt in my young
life and I had no idea how to stop it. 

&nbsp;

I also was pretty hungry now since I hadnt eaten for
quite a long time, and desperately craved for some food, and, even more
important, water. 

&nbsp;

If I dont get something to drink soon, I will just
die in here. Probably thats what I am here for? To die?
Thats why nobody is coming although I am screaming all the time,
they want me to die from hunger and thirst. I dont want to die, I am too
young. 

&nbsp;

When those thoughts came into my mind, I was really
scared and started screaming again. Please, please, is there nobody here? I
dont want to die  Ill do anything you want from me, please just give me some
water and food. But finally, due to all the exhaustion, I managed to drift
off, forget my fears and sleep again.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

___________________________________________________________________________

I think it could be fun giving her something really
scaring to think on during her stay in isolation. Why not let her have company?
The cell is prepared for this. Mick asked Lex.

&nbsp;

Sure, why not, what exactly do you have in mind Lex
asked Mick

&nbsp;

Please join me and have a look yourself. I have
already made some changes in her cell. I was lucky as she was sleeping when I
came to her cell. As I still didnt want her to see us yet I poured a generous
amount of laughing gas into her cell making sure she wouldnt notice what was
going on Mick said and left the room followed by very excited Mistress Lex.

&nbsp;

Down in the
dungeon Mick checked if Mitchi still was sleeping through the lid in the cell
door. Satisfied that she still was lying as when he left her he unlocked the
heavy cell door and opened it. Both Mick and Lex entered the tiny disgusting
cell. 

&nbsp;

Pew, what a stench! The slut
has already soiled the cell. Im looking forward to teach her proper bowel and
bladder control. Now show me what you have made for her! Lex said with a broad
smile at her face. 

&nbsp;

OK, I guess you already know that insects and pests
have been used as a mean of torture and punishment. During the active time of
this prison it was used to scare the prisoners and to make them obey orders. I
have found some very interesting devices used for this purpose including cages
to be tied between the legs, special dildos, sophisticated chastity belts,
special boxes, special suits etc. I will show you it later. I have made my own
collection of some interesting animals that really will make her stay more
interesting. I actually already have prepared it as I knew you would agree with
me. Mick said and removed three covers in the cell. Two were located in floor
level beside Annes head and one was located at the ceiling. Mistress Lex
jumped seeing what was behind the covers. Two covers revealed windows with
hinges and a locking device while the last one was covered by a wire door
hinged and locked as well. What scared Lex were the contents behind the doors.
The box located at the ceiling was filled with big brown hairy spiders walking
around on the window glass. The right box with the window door as well
contained thousands of big brown ants. The box with the wire door was filled
with big disgusting rats busy running around inside
the box and looking through the wire door.

&nbsp;

Oush, they make me feel
cold! Lex said shivering.

&nbsp;

They are just lovely! Just look at the ants. I have
offered hem a piece of meat and look how they eat! Mick said smiling.

&nbsp;

But what have you planned? Will you let these
creatures attack her? Lex asked sounding like she wasnt that pleased with
this plan.

&nbsp;

No, not at all. This would do harm
to our new pet. It is just to scare her a little and to make sure she will have
pleasant dreams. Read this paper! I have planned to locate this paper in a
string hanging from the ceiling above her head making sure she sees it when she
wake up Mick said.

&nbsp;

Lex started reading Good morning sweet slut. Hope you
like your new apartment and that you have had a nice sleep. As I dont want you
to feel lonely I have made sure you have plenty of friends to entertain you
until I release you provided I remember to do it. You are not on a vacation
this is for real. During your stay in this cell you will have a schedule to
keep. I guess you have already noticed that your restraints have been
reorganized slightly. This is done to make sure you are able to carry out the
schedule. Each time you hear a horn means changing from one position to
another. During the day you not allowed to lie on the floor. You are allowed to
lean against the wall but no sitting or lying on the floor is allowed. During
the night you are only allowed to lie flat on the floor. No sitting, squatting
or standing is allowed. The cell contains sensors monitoring your position. If
you hear the horn sound three times with one second between each blow you have
broken the rules and you have five seconds to be in right position again. If
you fail one of the doors to the boxes will open and the small creatures will
make sure you learn to behave well. Just look at the ants and how they love to
eat flesh. Beside the floor level boxes a handle is located. If you want
company just operate the handle and the doors will open. The string hanging
from the ceiling opens the ceiling box with the spiders. Just to make you
realize that I am not that cruel I have located a bottle with water beside you.
Sorry if you think it looks a bit yellow.

&nbsp;

This is just great. Im glad you have blocked the
doors to make sure she doesnt hurt herself. I dont want to work with a
damaged slut. Lex said and laughed. They both left the cell and the sleeping
Mitchi once again.

&nbsp;

One door actually isnt blocked. The door for the
spiders above her head actually will open later. What she doesnt know is that
the box has a double door meaning they will still remain in the box though it
open Mick said and laughed.

&nbsp;

_______________________________________________________________________________

*Mitchi*

&nbsp;

When I woke up I had an awful headache, I didnt know
why. I realised that something was different. My restraints were almost all gone,
the feet cuffs seemed to have disappeared and also the chain connecting my
collar to the wall was longer. Confused I looked around and saw a notice in
front of my face, telling me that I had to move according to a schedule and
that I had some animals with me. I turned my head and saw the first box  full
of disgusting brown ants. Next to it was one with rats and finally, above my
body, there was another box, obviously containing spiders, as the notice told
me. 

&nbsp;

I hated animals, particularly spiders and was scared
to have them so close to me and, although I didnt want to, I had to think
about them being all over me

&nbsp;

Oh my gosh, I am afraid of
spiders, I couldnt cope with them And there are so many of them, I dont want
them all over me. And the ants as well, they are really eating the piece of meat
in there  they will kill me, thats for sure. This must be a nightmare; I have
to wake up  now Please I just have to wake up, this cant be real

&nbsp;

However, I didnt wake up and finally realised that I
was fully awake and this was not just a nightmare, it was the reality and I had
to cope with it. But what if I had made a mistake already? What, if I was
supposed to be standing now? I carefully tried to get up, it was really
difficult because I had cramps in my legs and arms and it hurt a lot. When I finally
managed to stand, there was a horn blasting and a voice telling me that I was
in the wrong position. I remembered what was on the note, that I had five
seconds to get back in the right position, and threw myself back on the floor
without thinking. 

&nbsp;

Please dont open the doors, I hope I have been fast
enough I dont want any of these animals close to me, its terrible enough
that I can see them constantly

&nbsp;

However, I seemed to have been fast enough, because
nothing happened. At least I knew now that I was supposed to be lying on the
floor for the moment. I read the note again and realised the people who
imprisoned me left me something to drink. That was good because I was really,
really thirsty.

&nbsp;

At least they wont let me die here because of hunger
and no water. But probably it would be better to die now then being eaten alive
by ants or rats. I thought. But after some time I got some of my willpower
back and looked around for the water.

&nbsp;

It was standing close to me and really looked yellow.
I was disgusted because I had no idea what they expected me to drink, but I
decided to give it a try, grabbed the bottle and opened it.

&nbsp;

What a disgusting smell is this? It smells like
thats piss! They want me to drink piss! No, I will not do this, never. Id
rather die than drink this.

&nbsp;

Angry and frustrated I emptied the contents of the
bottle on the floor and threw the empty bottle in the corner. A few seconds
later a voice told me that I had to change positions, so I carefully got up
again and, with pain, managed to stand in the middle of the cell. My head was
really close to the box with the spiders now and I had the impression that all
of them were looking at me. 

&nbsp;

Please, take the spiders away I cant stand them,
not even in a box. They are too close and I am really scared. I was yelling,
but, as before, nobody answered. I was left on my own. 

&nbsp;

After some time standing got really difficult, my legs
couldnt take my weight any longer and I was forced to lean back against the
walls. But even this position was painful after some time and so my legs
started to cramp again, forcing me to stand up. 

&nbsp;

I had no idea how much time I had left to spend in
this position and just hoped that I could hold on  I had to hold on. I changed
my position again and leaned back against the wall, until my legs couldnt take
anymore and I had to stand up again. I was getting really exhausted and longed
to be able to lie down, but still No voice telling me that my ordeal was over.

&nbsp;

My legs were constantly cramping now, no matter if I
was standing or leaning against the wall, also my thirst and hunger got
unbearable, when finally  the voice told me to lay down.

&nbsp;

Immediately I complied and drifted off to sleep soon
afterwards.



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

In the living room Mick and Lex watched the monitor
connected to the camera in Mitchis cell. They
enjoyed the scary look at her face as well as they enjoyed her verbal
complaints being forced to stand for that long. Mick wasnt satisfied when he
saw her pouring the tasty drink in the hole in the floor.

&nbsp;

You nasty stinking slut! It
wasnt wise of you just to pour my juices in the hole.

&nbsp;

Mick turned to Lex and immediately she knew what was
coming as he led her out of the living room and into the room they had turned
into the punishment room.

&nbsp;

This slut has misbehaved. That means you get punished. Later you can extract your revenge on her,
but for now, its thirty with a paddle on your ass. Assume position.

Lex shivered at the menace in his voice, but complied, knowing that she would
savour the revenge on the slut who dared waste the drink her kind master had
provided.

&nbsp;

Later, with a tender rear, Lex rejoined Mick in the
living room and joined him in watching their newest acquisition.

&nbsp;

She looks
uncomfortable and thirsty. I think we need to visit her cell and this time I
think she will be allowed to see us. Lets dress in our favourite suits
including the scaring looking medieval hoods. I dont think it is wise to let
her see our faces yet. Will you help me dressing the poor woman in a nice
training dress? Mick asked to Lex.

&nbsp;

Sure, will you tell me what you have in mind or do
you want it to be a surprise? Lex answered excited again.

&nbsp;

I think I will let it remain a secret until you see
it. I have to instruct her and then you can just listen to what I tell her
Mick said. They both quickly dressed in their black leather suits with whips,
clamps and restraints hanging from the belts. Additionally Mick took the cruel
electric cattle prod. He adjusted it to medium level. A victim shocked at this
level endured extreme pain but the pain disappeared relatively quickly again. 

Its just to make sure we are able to control her. I
dont think she will be that satisfied with the plans I have for her. Im happy
we both pissed in the chamber pot as we need some fresh tasty drink for her.
The mix in the bottle contained half piss and half water. This time I think she
deserves the real stuff! Mick said and laughed. 

&nbsp;

Then Lex and Mick went to the dungeon they both loved
that much. They stopped outside Annes cell first to check how she was. She was
still wearing her lovely shiny black latex suit. Additionally she had been
restrained in an armbinder making any use of her arms
impossible. She had been in the suit for five days now and her complains during
the feeding time made no doubt that she was feeling extremely uncomfortable and
hot inside the suit as well as she could feel her own waste all over her body.
Both Mick and Lex were sure she never had felt so dirty and disgusting before
but she still had two days left before they would consider letting her be free
of the suit. They actually had discussed if they should undress her and let her
clean her body and then put her in one of the transparent suits for some
additional time. If they decided to have some more fun with Mitchi alone it
would be perfect to let her endure some more days in latex as it was possible
to make a slave feel extremely uncomfortable being dressed like that without
having to do anything else with her.

&nbsp;

Its feeding time. I bet she is both thirsty and
hungry. I guess she has found out that her food contains laxative in order to
make sure that constipation wont be a problem. The temperature inside her cell
is 31 degrees (87, 8 degrees Fahrenheit). I bet she is sweating like hell and
the gasmask she is wearing doesnt make it better for her. Lets hurry up feeding her so we can continue
with the plans for Mitchi Mick said to Lex smiling excited.

&nbsp;

If we give her some of the thick soup we both give
her water and food. But as an educated nurse I still recommend that she is
given at least one litre of water (2,1 pint US) Then we will be ready as fast as possible.
But I dont think we need to rush that much. Its fun to treat her. Lets
undress before entering her cell. The heat inside is almost unbearable, Im
sure she agrees with me in this statement! Lex said and laughed.

&nbsp;

They both entered the cell. Mick carried her food and
Lex carried a large bottle with water. This time she was offered fresh water
and not the normal mixture. Lex had told Mick that it was important to give her
clean water from time to time. The gasmask she was wearing had been fitted with
special eyeglasses. The mask had a keyhole between the two eyeglasses. By
turning the key the eyeglasses could be closed or opened cutting of all light
if it was closed. The hood she was wearing had holes for the eyes. Though Anne
was blinded by the tight gasmask she noticed they entered. She immediately
started to scream in her gasmask. Though she screamed the best she could the
audible sound wasnt that loud as the special construction of the gasmask
almost cut of any noises coming from her mouth.

&nbsp;

Oh my dear, stop this useless begging. I have told
you that it is for your own good. You really need training and tight fitting
latex enclosure is perfect training for a slave. Your performance during this
test will make it easier for us to make the perfect schedule for your future
training and trial Lex said and caressed Anne between her legs in order to
feel how hot she was inside the suit. Mick removed the gasmask and before she
could do anything he had fitted her with a special tube feeding mask. Anne
seemed a bit relieved being able to see again though she couldnt help wink her
eyes in the sudden light. He attached the tube running from it to a bottle
located above her head and opened a valve. The foul tasting soup entered the
transparent tube and within a few seconds it entered Annes mouth. She had no
other choice than swallow the best she could to prevent choking. Mick closed
the valve from time to time to let her empty the tube and drag in fresh air. He
told her each time he closed and opened the valve to make sure she knew what
was going on. After she had emptied the soup bottle he connected the tube to
the water bottle. He decided to give her a generous amount of water as he continues
to give her water until her stomach was clearly swollen. Then he removed the
feeding mask again. He probably had poured water into her for a little longer
than usually as she gasped for air when it was removed.

&nbsp;

You almost choked me! You have no right to treat me
like this. Let me out of this horrible suit. I cant take it any longer! Anne
begged.

&nbsp;

Mick just ignored her and strapped the gasmask onto
her face again. Before mounting it he decided to remove her blindfold for a
while. It was important that she exercised her eyes from time to time. It would
be just perfect to let her be able to see while they had fun with Mitchi. Then
they could blind her again before leaving the dungeon. She continued her useless
begging and screaming for a while. Then she stopped as her efforts made her
feel even hotter inside the suit. Furthermore the gasmask made it difficult to
breathe and she had to concentrate on breathing.

&nbsp;

Well my sweet slut. You know we think it is important
to keep your body in good shape. Its time for your daily exercise Mick said
while Mistress Lex wheeled the cruel exercise bike inside the cell. They didnt
remove the armbinder during the exercise. Both Annes
feet and waist were strapped to the bike making sure she didnt fell off during
the exercise. Mick took a special tool and turned a screw located at the lower
part of the gasmask.

&nbsp;

I have switched the gasmask to exercise mode making
sure you can drag in all the air you need. You know the rules. Each minute you
exceed the scheduled time means increasing the temperature inside your cell one
degree (1,8 degrees Fahrenheit). Mistress Lex
instructed her with a broad smile at her face.

&nbsp;

No, please no. I just cant do it again. Last time I
almost fainted due to the heat inside my awful suit!! Anne begged.

&nbsp;

Nonsense, just do the very best you can and Im sure
it will be easy for you. It was nice to hear you call the suit your suit! Im
happy you have become familiarly with it. You really look sexy dressed in black
shiny rubber. I know you dont feel that sexy inside the suit but that will be
your problem, not ours. We are just happy that the suit seals the smell as
well. Im excited to see how disgusting you look when we decide to let you out
of your suit again. I bet it will take you a couple of hours to be clean again
but you still have to wait for some days before Im satisfied. Mistress Lex
said while strapping Anne to the bike. 

&nbsp;

OK Mick, she is ready. Have you anything to tell her
before she commences the exercise? Lex asked.

&nbsp;

No, I think we leave her alone. The bike calculates
it all. We just need to read the display when we come back Mick said.

&nbsp;

OK sweet slave slut. Let the fun begin. I start the
program now and your job is just to make sure you reach the required distance
within the schedule. Have fun Lex said and laughed again. Anne started to
cycle immediately as she knew she had to hurry up if she didnt want to endure
increased temperature in her cell. The exercise certainly didnt make it easier
for to endure her latex enclosure as the heat inside the suit increased
drastically making her sweat even more. Mick and Lex enjoyed her efforts for a
while then they told her goodbye for a while and they both left the cell again.

&nbsp;

Outside the hot cell they dressed in their Master and
Mistress suits again and approached the cell holding poor Mitchi. What Mitchi
didnt know was the fact that she probably soon would be sorry that she decided
not to drink the tasty drink she had been offered. Before entering her cell
Mick opened the door for the equipment room and he took some sophisticated
devices made of both steel and leather. They stopped outside her cell and
looked at her through the window in the cell door. Mick had chosen the time for
her rest period. It was her rest period though it was day. The computer made a
random day and night routine making Mitchi completely loose feeling of time.
Sometimes the day period was only 5 hours and sometimes it was twelve hours.
Mick opened the cell door being careful not making any noises. He connected a
chain running from the ceiling in the middle of the cell to her neck collar and
then he stepped outside the cell and closed the door again. While looking
through the one way mirror in the cell door he pushed a button beside the door.
A winch started to work and gradually the chain was tightened. Mitchi awoke
with a jump when her head suddenly was lifted free of the dirty cell floor by
her neck collar almost choking her. She rushed up in standing position to avoid
choking. The chain just continued to disappear into the hole in the ceiling.
Within a few seconds she was standing on the tip toe desperately trying to
avoid the stress in her neck collar. Then the winch stopped again.

&nbsp;

Hey, what is going on? Dont do this to me! I have
kept schedule all time. I dont deserve this! Mitchi shouted out.

&nbsp;

Mick and Lex waited outside the cell for a while then
Mick opened the door and the two scary looking persons entered the room.

&nbsp;

Who are you? Why are you doing this to me? What did
you do to Alice? Let me
go, you will be busted if you continue treating me like this. Im sure the
police are already looking for me! Mitchi shouted out. 

&nbsp;

Mick removed the cattle prod from his belt and aimed
it to hit her right breast nipple. He did it very fast making sure she didnt
have time to move and when the end of the prod touched her nipple he pulled the
trigger.

&nbsp;

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuu, stooooooooooop, dont do this to me! Mitchi shouted out
loudly. 

&nbsp;

That was medium level. The prod has ten more steps
before maximum. Each time I have to use it I will increase it one step. Do you
want more or will you keep your mouth shut? Mick cried out.

&nbsp;

Yeeessss, Ill be good.
Please dont hurt me more! Mitchi begged.

&nbsp;

That was much better. You look good. In order to make
you feel safe I can tell that my girlfriend standing in front of you is
educated nurse. She will make sure you will remain in good health. She will
even put you through an extended examination for free checking all parts of
your body. If you for instance suffer any diseases between your legs she will
surely find out, just wait and see! But first I think we have some corrective
actions to dish out. You have been a naughty girl. I dont think you have
emptied the bottle we generously have offered you for drinking. Both my
precious nurse and I are very disappointed. My nurse has told me that it is
very important that you get enough to drink. Dont you know? Mick asked and
paused awaiting her answer.

&nbsp;

I have emptied the bottle. Why do you think I
havent Mitchi tried to lie afraid to be punished more.

&nbsp;

Its just getting worse and worse. Now you are even
lying to me! You certainly have much to learn. Now remain still while we
prepare you. Mick instructed her. Mick and Lex unlocked the chains for her
hand cuffs from the collar and then they chained her hands to rings mounted at
the ceiling making her stand with arms widely spread. Then they removed the
collar from her neck. Then Mick approached her face with the leather harness
gag. In the middle of the mouth piece a large short dildo likely device had
been mounted. 

&nbsp;

Please open widely! Mick said.

&nbsp;

No, please no. I dont need this. I promise to be
good. I dont need to be gag.aaaaaaaaaaauuuuuu mmmm Mitchi screamed but shortly after her scream was cut
off. Lex had taken the cattle prod and rammed it up between Mitchis
legs and pulled the trigger. The sudden pain made her scream and before she had
time to react the gag was forced deeply into her mouth. Mick made sure she was
biting at the dildo before the leather harness was strapped into place. He had
glued Garfa-tape to the mouth piece. When the harness
was tightly strapped to her face the Garfa-tape
completely sealed her mouth. Mitchi had to breathe through the nose. A short
transparent tube reinforced with steel wires and a connection device at the end
was hanging from the gag. Mick then attached a head steel cage around her head.
It had a strange looking device mounted on the top of the head cage. When
locked into place any removal of the gag without the right keys was impossible.

&nbsp;

Now you are almost through. We have been kind to you
not using feet restraints. Your fault has made me change my mind. Mick said
and handled a set of prison feet chains to Lex. The set had been modified a bit
as the waist belt included a crotch chain as well. The chain had been mounted
at the back with a feeder. The purpose of this feeder was to make the crotch
chain move between the legs for each step the victim took as the chain ran through
a ring at the front which was tightly connected to the short link chain for her
feet shackles. The feet shackles was special as well as they actually consisted
of two leather boots which were locked to the feet. A cogwheel had been mounted at the side of
each boot and the heels had been equipped with a special device with a feeder.
When lowering the foot from tip toe position to flat foot the cogwheel turned a
little causing the chain to be tightened two links. Mitchi was already standing
on the tip toe so all Lex had to do after forcing Mitchi in the boots was to
make sure the chain from each boot was tightly attached to the crotch chain. When
it all was nicely and tight into place Mitchi would have to stand on the tip
toe if she wanted to decrease the stress between her legs. As her day and night
routine continued she had to stand for many hours if she wanted to be free of
the animals. Lex carefully adjusted the length of the chains until she was sure
the crotch chain really added pain between Mitchis
legs if she stood on flat feet. 

&nbsp;

We have changed your schedule a bit. During your
period of standing you are supposed to take twenty rounds I the cell just to
make sure you really feel the crotch chain. If you fail you know what it means.
Next fault means opening one of the boxes. Your decision about not drinking
what we have offered you count as one miss and the fact that you lied to us
count as one more. So if you dont want to meet some of the friends in the
boxes I recommend you to be careful in the future. Now all we need is to show
you the purpose of the nice head gear you are wearing. I assume you already
have discovered that the end of the dildo gag consists of a sponge? I will now
connect the tube from your gag to the container mounted at the top of your head
cage. Then Lex will pour the contents of this bottle into the container. It is
a bit more yellow than the former drink we offered you. It is a nice tasting
morning collection from both Mistress Lex and me. When it is poured into the
container Lex will fix the lid for the container with a tool to make sure you
dont open the container. The transparent tube makes it possible for you to see
what is going on. The fluid will enter the tube and within a few minutes you
will feel the sponge being soaked with the tasty fluid. The sponge has been
carefully place making sure it is located where your taste buds are located.
All you need is to suck the sponge and you will empty the container. The more
you suck the faster you will empty the container. The Garfa
tape makes sure you cant spit it out. Your only choice is to drink it all.
When the container is empty we will refill it with a half and half mixture to
make sure you get some water as well. Mick instructed Mitchi. While he was
talking Lex had emptied the bottle in the container and both Lex and Mick
stepped back and looked at the fluid entering the transparent tube. Mitchi
looked as well knowing that the awful taste of piss would hit her taste buds
within a few minutes. She also knew that it would continue until the container
was empty. She already felt nausea but she knew she had to control it if she
didnt want to choke. Lex and Mick just smiled their evil smiles enjoying her
struggling. 

&nbsp;

OK Lex, lets reconnect her hand chains to her collar
again and then she is ready to continue with her schedule. Mick said. The look
at Mitchis face clearly indicated that the sponge
was soggy and that she had swallowed the first amount of a large bottle of
morning piss. They released Mitchi from the ceiling chains and connected the
chains to her collar. Then the collar was locked to the relatively long chain
running from the end wall again. 

&nbsp;

We better check if the crotch device is working.
Mitchi, walk four rounds in the cell or I order Lex to use the cattle prod
again! Mick cried out. 

&nbsp;

Mitchi knew he was serious and she started to walk.
Each step made the cogwheel on each boot rotate and her own weight made the
crotch chain tighten between her legs.

&nbsp;

aaaauuuuuuu
she tried to scream out but almost nothing was heard as the Gaffa
tape completely sealed her mouth. The pain made her close her mouth as much as
she could making her swallow a relatively large amount
of the disgusting tasting piss. She quickly opened her mouth again within the
restriction of the tape. The sponge quickly became soggy again and she cold see
tiny air bubbles in the tube telling her the stream of piss just continued to
enter her mouth. 

&nbsp;

Ok sweet Mitchi. I think all this will keep you busy
for a while. Lex and I will leave you again. We have a trial for you to
prepare. You have been a naughty girl and it wouldnt surprise me if you are
judged to an extended stay in this nice area. If needed I think both Lex and I
are prepared to offer you our hospitality for a long time but you will have to
wait for our final decision for a while. Mick said and laughed loudly. Lex leaned in close to the terrified girls ear and said, And
remember. Whatever you are suffering, for every time you displease us,
well make sure Alice suffers
twice as much. 

&nbsp;

Mick looked at her, but didnt say anything until they
had left the cell, making sure it was locked tight. As they were walking away he quizzed Lex
about her last comment, until Lex explained.
When we came in before, she asked Wheres Alice? When I met her at the docks, I introduced
myself as Alice, so she
didnt know my real name. Silly slut thinks that Alice is
locked up here as well, she hasnt realised that Alice doesnt
exist. So, if she thinks that her friend
is being punished, perhaps shell be a little more cooperative.

Mick looked at her in admiration, and once again was pleased to find a soul so
similar to his to share his slaves with.

&nbsp;

_______________________________________________________________________

*Mitchi*

&nbsp;

I was really surprised when suddenly two people were
entering my cell, dressed in scaring black suits. These were the persons who
kept me here like an animal. Immediately I started to yell at them to let me
go, but instead one of them, a man, according to the outline of his body
beneath the suit, put some strange thing to my nipple. Too late I tried to move
away, he zapped me and I realised it was some kind of electro shocker and I
also found out how much this thing hurt. It was like somebody rammed a hot
needle up my tit. I screamed out again but the pain didnt go away, only after
a time it disappeared. Then they wanted me to open my mouth and showed me a
dildo or something like this to put into it. I didnt want to take this in, so
I just refused to open my mouth. This was a mistake, as I realised soon,
because now the man put this shocker thing right on my cunt and pulled the
trigger again. This time the pain was much worse as before and I couldnt help
but screamed out again. When I opened my mouth, they put the dildo in my mouth
and also put some tape over it . Also some kind of
chain was placed between my legs and connected to my feet which were put in
leather boots. Suddenly I discovered that the dildo in my mouth was spongy at
the end and soon I found out why. They wanted me to drink their piss! 

&nbsp;

 I have to get this
out of my mouth, I cant drink their piss! Its so disgusting! Oh, I can
already smell it, its coming. What if I just dont drink? But they wont give
me anything else until I finish this container  a container full of piss! I
have to drink it, otherwise I will never get some
water.

&nbsp;

Then I realized they were still talking to me and
telling me that I needed to walk around in my cell, 20 rounds every day. And I
also had only one more chance, if I failed once more, one of the boxes would be
opened. They told me to start walking now, so I tried. 

&nbsp;

This hurts so much. I cant walk! This chain between
my legs and I have to walk on tip-toe otherwise it hurts even more. It will
tear me apart! And there is still this piss running into my mouth  I cant
stand it.

&nbsp;

Then the woman told me that if I didnt behave shed
torture Alice! I couldnt believe it! I had to try to save my friend as much pain
as possible.

&nbsp;

Finally the two left me on my own again and I was in a
worse condition than ever before in my whole life. Piss was running into my
mouth and I had to swallow it in order to get some water and I also had a chain
between my legs that was cutting into my private parts. And, if that wasnt
enough, I had to walk around in my cell in order to avoid the animals being all
over me. Slowly I walked on, I knew that I had to finish twenty rounds before I
would be ordered to lay down, otherwise I would be in
even more trouble. 

&nbsp;

After the first ten rounds I couldnt move anymore, I
had to take a break. My legs were cramping again and I had to move on tip-toes,
if I failed, the chain cut even more into my cunt. So I decided to lean against
the wall for some time. But I couldnt relax, I was afraid that my time was up
before I had finished my task. And then the ants or rats or, even worse,
spiders all over me. I had to move on. So I started to walk again and decided
to finish the last ten rounds, however worse it would get. And it got worse.
The piss was still running in my mouth and causing me nausea, I felt like
throwing up all the time but I couldnt, due to the tape across my mouth and
the dildo. My stomach was starting to cramp and also my legs. But still, I kept
on going, the chain was excoriating the tender area around my cunt and also my
clitoris and I was expecting blood to run down my legs every minute. Finally I
was finished and longed to lie down, but the voice didnt tell me to so I tried
to keep on standing, leaning against the wall from time to time until my legs
were cramping in this position as well, then getting up again. 

&nbsp;

When the voice finally told me to lay down, I was
really relieved although there was, of course, still the piss filling my mouth
and my stomach still cramping. I also couldnt relax my legs too much because
there was still this chain connected to my feet and I had to be careful about
moving them. After some time I couldnt help myself anymore and had to relieve
myself into this disgusting hole now being my toilet. Of course, the stench
filled the whole cell soon but as I also had piss in my mouth it didnt really
matter at the moment. Slowly I drifted off to sleep, exhausted and hurting all
over. 

&nbsp;

For the next few days nothing changed much. The piss was replaced by a mixture of piss and water, which didnt really help me because I still had the taste of it in my mouth and, due to my toilet, in my nose as well. Also it got more and more difficult to follow the schedule since my legs were now cramping constantly and also my before-tender parts were now rough and hurting all the time. I also had the feeling that the periods when I was supposed to stand and walk were changing, they were sometimes longer and sometimes shorter. &nbsp;I couldnt help wondering what they were doing to Alice, and if there were other girls being forced to perform for these disturbed people.&nbsp;

One night I was sleeping like a
child as I was totally exhausted after standing for that long. 

Suddenly I awoke with a jump
to a loud voice in the cell coming from the loudspeaker mounted at the ceiling.


&nbsp;

Calculating, number of faults
left is zero. A random door for the boxes will be opened in 30 minutes.
Counting down continues, random program activated

&nbsp;

What? I cant believe it I
did nothing wrong  why would they open a door? Probably I was supposed to be
standing now? I stood up quickly only to have the horn blow at me so I got
down again as quickly as I could. What is going on? Why

&nbsp;

A random door for the boxes
will be opened in 28 minutes. 

&nbsp;

Now I got really scared. I
yelled at the ceiling and tried to tell somebody that I did nothing wrong, that
this was a mistake and they shouldnt open the boxes. But, as before, nobody
answered and, of course, nobody heard me because I was gagged and tapped. And
the countdown went on. When it was down to five minutes, I panicked and started
to scream really loud, but to no effect, there was almost nothing coming out of
my mouth. I tried to get out of my bonds and run for the door, but this didnt
work either. 

&nbsp;

I started to wonder what door
they would open, I just hoped it wouldnt be the one
with the spiders. The ants would be bad enough, they
would probably eat me alive. And also the rats, they would be all over me. I
didnt want to think about it, but the countdown went on and I had to face the
reality. A door would open soon.

&nbsp;

 A random door for the boxes will be opened in 1
minute.

&nbsp;

No. Please dont! I promise,
Ill do everything, just dont open one of the boxes. Ill give you whatever I
want Of course, I was talking to myself, basically, nobody heard my pleas. 

&nbsp;

A random door for the boxes
will open now.

&nbsp;

I looked around and realized
that the box with the ants stayed closed, as well as the one with the rats
sitting next to it. Scared I looked up to the ceiling and saw how the door of
the box with the spiders slowly opened. 

&nbsp;

No, not the spiders Please
not the spiders I am so afraid of them, I cant even stand the small ones and
those are so big And soon they will fall from there all over me The door is
almost open now oh no..

&nbsp;

The door was completely open
now. I closed my eyes so I didnt have to see what was happening and just lay
there without moving, I was so afraid and waiting to feel those spiders all
over me soon. However, when after some time nothing happened, I slowly opened
my eyes again only to realize that there was a second door in the box which had
not been opened. Obviously this was a trick and they just wanted me to be
scared. At first I felt really relieved but soon the anger came and I got really
angry and started to scream again, swearing and crying. But nobody heard me.
Finally, exhausted and confused, I fell asleep again.

&nbsp;



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Mick and Lex decided to inspect Anne doing her
exercise again. They were both sure she was in severe troubles keeping the
schedule. Mick had actually made sure she wouldnt be able to succeed as that
was a part of her initial training. The more she suffered the better as she
would be desperate to get rid of her suit. 

They both stopped outside her cell and enjoyed the
exhausted woman hanging in her restraints on the exercise bike. She had
obviously completed the program or she really had failed. 

&nbsp;

Read more in next chapter and remember to write a
review for the story..














The Old Courtroom

 
  Daddi Cool
  Normal
   jim
  2
  47
  2006-04-28T14:56:00Z
  2006-04-28T14:56:00Z
  1
  15910
  90692
  755
  212
  106390
  10.2625
 

 
  21
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   -1
   -1
   -1
   -1
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Intro chapter six

&nbsp;

Hi again all friends of my story named the Old
Courtroom.

&nbsp;

For women only: 

If you are a female submissive women who likes the
story and would like to try a life similarly to most of what is written in the
story with the only difference that some of it 

will be in a scaled down version due to the danger of
doing permanent damage, then 

please read the last lines of this chapter as the
changes in my life have made it possible to 

do it for real.

&nbsp;

And now for chapter six:

&nbsp;

Im sorry to have kept you all waiting for the next
chapter for that long but some personal 

problem has made it difficult to do the writing.
Furthermore the interest from you readers 

has been limited as I only have received one review
for chapter five.

&nbsp;

Concerning chapter six I can tell that I have been in
touch with a new submissive woman 

who would love to be a part of the story. As she
seemed to be quite intrigued by the idea I 

accepted it and you will soon earn her better to know
when reading this chapter. 

She hasnt written an intro for herself yet but she
has promised to do it later. Im sure you 

will like her. 

&nbsp;

I have found some more women for helping me writing
the story. My long absence due to 

my personal problems have made them all turn a bit
cold but I hope it will be possible to warm them up again later. Now I just
hope I will be able to control and train 3 poor 

slaves in the story. Otherwise I will have to release
one of them or maybe even sell her to 

for instance an Arabian Sheik having a harem of slaves.


&nbsp;

I wont tell much more in this introduction save for
telling that Im a bit disappointed that I 

only received one review for it (it was a review from
a very close friend). Reviews are our 

fuel for continuing the story. If I dont receive
reviews for it I dont know if you still love my 

story and then I might consider to make it stop. So
please write reviews for it or update 

former reviews. We all love to read them!!!

&nbsp;

Before chapter six I will repeat some of the intro for
chapter five as it was messed up in 

this chapter. It was uploaded as some of it was
written in one long line making it difficult to 

read. Here it is:

&nbsp;

As we all love to receive reviews for the story
(reviews are our fuel for continuing) and as 

we want you all to feel you are a part of the story we
have decided to let you help us 

making a choice for future chapters. We have planned
to use the nice old courtroom deep 

underground to put our two lovely and very willing
sexy women through a very fair trial in 

order to make the right decision concerning their
future. We want all of you to help us 

making the right choice and decide if smelly Anne
presently trapped in a comfortable and 

sexy latex enclosure or it has to be nave Mitchi who
has been a bit stupid trusting foreigners she hasnt met before and now she
just has to pay for her own stupidity. Write a 

review telling what you think about the story and vote
for your favourite to be the first one 

in a fair trial. For those who has already written a
review is isnt a problem as you are able 

to adjust already uploaded reviews making it possible
for you to vote as well.

&nbsp;

I have been doing a great deal of thinking concerning
group for the story. I have already 

made the group http://groups.msn.com/FriendsoftheoldCourtroom
for the story and it 

presently has 66 members, which is much less than
expected. During the time with sweet 

Janet and the writing of the story Janets Ordeal 

(link: http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/story.php?storyid=1785
, its the most reviewed 

story at library with 142 reviews) I had made a Yahoo
group for the story but Yahoo 

deleted it without telling me why or giving me a
chance to remove what they didnt like. 

The group had about 1000 members before Yahoo deleted
it. Though only a few were a 

little active I still think it was great to have a
group with members who all loved the story. 

Therefore I have made a new decision. I have made a
new Yahoo group (link: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Group_toc).
This group will be for true friends who are 

willing to write a review for the story as this will
be required for joining. As I dont want readers who find it difficult to write
a review to be banned from joining the group I have 

decided accept them as well if they take the time
needed for telling me why they cant write 

a review. Some readers find it for instance difficult
due to language problems and so on. 

My plan is to send you personal mails with exciting
stuff reflecting the story and 

instructions how to store it on your computer for
being able to store stuff from future mails. 

Furthermore I will upload other stories I find
exciting. As I dont want this group to be 

deleted I wont upload anything that might cause risk
for deletion of the group. Summing 

up your benefit for joining the group will be:

&nbsp;

- Ill send you mails with zip-files containing pics
reflecting the story and instructions for making your own personal dungeon 

on your computer.

- Ill keep you informed about new chapters of the
story.

- Ill upload other exciting stories from the Internet

- Youll be able to make friends reflecting your
desires

- All members will be able to share any information
that might be useful for the story and share links for exciting sites.

- Youll be able to tell us about suggestions for
improvements and ordeals in new chapters.

&nbsp;

If you dont know how to write and upload a review for
joining the group I will make sure 

you receive instructions upon subscription to the
group. If you despite the instructions dont 

think it is possible for you to write a review then
send me a mail telling about it and I will 

either help you or approve you without writing a
review.

&nbsp;

I know I havent done much in the group yet but I have
succeeded to transfer the MSN group to the new MSN Messenger and therefore I
hope it will be better later. It will depend on the interest as well as I will
have to decide which group is closed or if we continue with them both. I would
still love to hear from readers who would like to be moderators for the groups
and help us keeping them exciting as well as it would be great if one of you
would create a special group for the story. I have a lot of pics for
underlining the story but I just dot want to upload once more if Yahoo just
delete the group.

&nbsp;

I think this will do it. We proudly present:

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The Old Courtroom

&nbsp;

Chapter six

&nbsp;

Anne pays for failing her exercise.

&nbsp;

I think we have to check Anne again. Im
afraid she has been suffering severe troubles trying to cope with the schedule
planned for her exercise. Do you think she has managed to ride the required
distance? Lex asked Mick

&nbsp;

I really dont. She hasnt
succeeded the other days of her initial training. Today I have adjusted the
program to let her ride the last miles up the hill. Im
sure this will cause her troubles. My guess will be about five minutes from
schedule. What do you think? Mick answered.

&nbsp;

I think you are right. I think it will be at least
four minutes but let us check her. If it is five we will have to force her
drinking water during the next days otherwise Im afraid she
will dehydrate in her suit. Im extremely excited to see her body
after a week in rubber. Im sure the stench will be gagging
when we finally let her out of the suit. I bet she is desperate to get out but
she will still have to wait a couple of days as the plan is one week in rubber
without any release during the week. She must be swimming in her own filth
right now. Im sure we have taught her a lesson never to forget.
She will be ready to do as she is told as all we need to do is just to threaten
her with another week in rubber then Im sure she
will be calm as a sheep. Im really looking forward to feel her
tongue doing the work between my legs. I will make sure she will have a lot of
work to do licking my cut clean before she is allowed to commence the real
work. Maybe it was an idea to keep her hooded while she does it. There is
nothing like the feeling of a smooth latex covered head between the legs while
you can feel the tongue deeply inside the cunt! Mistress
Lex said laughing again. Mick couldnt help laugh
as well. He really loved her way of thinking as it all reflected hid desires.

&nbsp;

They decided to continue and Lex unlocked the door to
her cell and entered.



&nbsp;



*Anne*

I heard the door slam shut again and they had left me
strapped to the bike. I concentrated the best I could on the riding as I knew
that well how hard it would be and I just had to be on speed as fast as
possible. They always made the program impossible to fulfil within the
scheduled time. The increased temperature inside the cell certainly didnt
make it easier. Within a few minutes I felt like my body was boiling inside the
ghastly suit.

&nbsp;

Oh my God, it is unbearable!! The combination of my
own sweat running inside the suit and my own waste is just disgusting. I wonder
how my body looks after this.. I how it smells!! I think it is
better not to know. I thought while I tried to look at
the display on the bike telling me how I was doing the riding. The sweat made
the glasses on the gasmask steam making it difficult to read the letters and
numbers but it was as usual.

&nbsp;

Oh no, Im only
halfway through and Im already two minutes behind
schedule. I just cant take it any more! Please make them
decide not to increase the temperature inside my cell this time! I think I will
go insane! The tiny cell makes me feel claustrophobic and the horrible suit,
hood and gasmask just add to this feeling and there is just nothing I can do
about it I thought. I desperately concentrated on pedalling
and it pleased me to see I actually decreased to time I was behind schedule. I
only needed to ride five miles more and then I was through. 

&nbsp;

Maybe I will make it this time. I just have to
concentrate and ignore the fact that I feel like Im
about to collapse. Come on Anne, you can do it! I tried to
encourage myself to do my very best. But then it happened. For a while I had
been riding down the hill but I should know better. They would of course not
let me win. Gradually it became harder and harder to pedal. The program changed
the load and I was obviously supposed to ride up the hill for a while. 

&nbsp;

Oh please let it be a short hill!!
I begged for myself but it wasnt. The last miles I just had to ride
up the hill and while doing it I couldnt do
anything else than accept the gap between the scheduled time and my time to
increase. When I finally had completed it was a few seconds less than five
minutes. I knew the rules. They always increased to the next minute meaning
they would call it five minutes. 

&nbsp;

Oh no, five minutes means five degrees (9 degrees
Fahrenheit). Please let them decide to keep the present temperature. 36 degrees
Celsius sounds horrible in this enclosure (96.8 Fahrenheit). I
thought while resting as much as my restraints allowed me. The only positive
part of the exercise was that they switched the gasmask to exercise mode. It
really felt good not having to drag for air. Sometimes I awoke during the
nights sweating like hell in my suit as I felt like I just couldnt
drag enough air into my lungs. 

&nbsp;

While resting I heard the key in the cell door and it
was opened. It wasnt a surprise to me that it was the
same two persons entering. As usual they were both stark naked save for the
hoods hiding their faces.

&nbsp;

Hi my smelly slut, how are you? Have you had a nice
ride? Im happy we have you sealed in nice rubber, which seals
the smell. Slave sluts trapped in tiny cells almost always smells like hell.
The man addressed me. I decided to try begging them to decide not to increase
the temperature inside my cell.

&nbsp;

Not good! I just couldnt cope with
your demands! I really tired but it just wasnt possible.
My eyes went black during the last miles. I just couldnt
pedal faster. Please have mercy and let me stay in the cell with the same
temperature as yesterday. Its just unbearable inside my suit and
if you increase the temperature I dont think I
will be able to take it any longer I begged
both him and the woman shouting in the gasmask as I knew it was difficult to
hear what I said while this gasmask had been fitted tightly to my face..

&nbsp;

Mistress Lex took position beside Anne and started
caring the back of her rubber hood almost steaming of the heat she felt inside
it.

Oh, how hot you are, it must be horrible. I wish I
could help you but it would interfere with the plans. But my sweet worthless
slut; concerning plans my only comment is that what you are telling me really
is nice talking and music to my ears. We actually had planned to release you
but now you are begging to have more time in your suit!
Mistress Lex lied to her. They never planned to release her from the suit
before at least seven days but it always was fun to tease a slave.

&nbsp;

We will of course fulfil your wish. Why are you afraid
of the increased heat? Have you really fucked up and exceeded schedule with
several minutes? Ill check it! the evil woman said to me.

&nbsp;

What did she say? Had they really planned to release
me from the ghastly suit? I really had to do what I could to make them continue
with this plan.

&nbsp;

Noooooooo, please!!!!!!!!! I would love to get rid of
this suit! I just thought you would continue as you had told me before riding
the bike. The never ending itching inside the suit is horrible!
I shouted the best I could.

&nbsp;

I almost cant hear you
but I think you now tell me you want to get out of your suit, am I right? I
very pleased with you right now. I think you are telling me just to please me.
You actually dont want to get out of your suit but
you just want to please me and follow my plans in order to make me happy! Am I
right? the evil woman asked me. Mistress Lex couldnt
help laugh behind her hood but she managed to do it silent as she didnt
want Anne to notice it. Mick was almost biting his tongue of in order to avoid
laughing out loud.

&nbsp;

Nooooooooo, please understand. I really want to get
out of this disgusting suit! Im almost swimming in my own waste,
please let me out! I shouted again.

&nbsp;

Sorry dear, I cant hear you
any longer but I think I know what you want. We will of course be kind and fulfil
your wish. We continue as planned. I actually thought you would be happy to get
rid of the hot suit but if you insist we will of course reconsider the plans.
You have even made sure we increase the temperature inside your cell by failing
to do the scheduled ride on the bike within the required time. You just cant
get enough! Its quite an increase you have planned!
Five minutes means increasing the temperature 5 degrees Celsius (9 degrees
Fahrenheit). This entire means the temperature inside your cell will be
increased from 31 degrees Celsius (87.8 degrees Fahrenheit) to 36 degrees
Celsius (96.8 degrees Fahrenheit). Im very proud
of you! I sweat like hell though Im naked and
you just want it hotter even though you have been sealed in rubber! What do you
think Master, dont you think we need to reward her
and let her get what she wants? the evil woman said addressing the
naked hooded man standing with a hard on in front of me. The hard cock between
his legs clearly indicated that he loved to see me suffer like this. I now
really realized that I was trapped in a cell together with two perverted people
who just loved to make women suffer. I decided to remain silent as I had the
feeling they just didnt care or I even had the feeling
that my begging just added to their excitement. No matter what I told they had
made their decisions. I just had to suffer the discomfort inside this horrible
suit partly gluing to my body and partly filled with my own waste. 

&nbsp;

I think you are right. She really deserves it. But
will she be able to take it? Is it dangerous? Will she be in danger of
dehydrating? the man asked.

&nbsp;

We need to make sure she drinks as much as required.
Until now she had made the decision herself. The gasmask includes the drinking
tube she just has to force into the quick connection pipe located at the wall.
But I think she needs a permanent connection during her stay in this increased
temperature. The woman said to the man and then she faced me and
started to instruct me.

&nbsp;

We have noticed you cleverly minimize water intake as
you probably want to reduce your piss production. Is it difficult to piss in
your suit? I guess you have already noticed that the food we offer you contains
laxative, you dont feel troubles emptying your bowels
even though you are plugged with the thin inflatable butt plug, am I right? You
only have troubles when we decide to inflate it in order to teach you proper
bowel control. A slave is supposed to keep her waste inside her filthy bowel
until she is allowed to expel. Isnt it wonderful that we skilfully teach you
how to do it? she asked and continued without waiting for an
answer.

 The next couple of days you will have this
reinforced tube permanently connected to your gasmask. All you need to do is to
suck the short tube inside the gasmask and then you will have water added. The
increased temperature drastically increases the body need for water. The amount
you drink will be monitored. If you dont drink enough water you will have a tube forced
into your throat and then we control your water intake. And believe me; we will
make sure you have more than enough to maintain a proper piss production. It
will be your own choice. You wont be able to see anything meaning you just have to
use the normal signals told by your body and drink when needed. My advice for
you is that you drink more than you actually feel for. Otherwise you will be in
danger of dehydrating and then we will have to take over. Just nod to tell me
if you have understood the evil woman told me and paused. Right now I had the feeling that it
was useless fighting the setting. Therefore I just nodded. Satisfied that I
seemed to understand the woman and the man continued. They released me from the
bike and let me collapse on the floor. I was still dragging for air and my
heart was still beating like hell. It both felt disgusting and nice lying on
the floor. Nice because I really needed rest and disgusting because lying on
the floor really made me feel the waste inside the suit. I had never felt so
disgusting and dirty in my entire life. I was wondering if I ever would be
clean again and I was wondering how my skin looked like after this prolonged
sealing in tight fitting rubber. The only part of my body which wasnt soiled
with my own waste was my head as the hood was separated from the suit. The
rubber neck of the suit had been sealed tightly around my neck making sure my
waste and sweat was trapped inside the suit. After almost gluing the rubber
neck to my neck they had dragged the hood with eye, mouth and nose openings
over my head. The gasmask made sure I had absolutely no contact to the outer
world. Not a single part of my skin had any contact to the air outside the
suit, it really was horrible and I had to do my very best to control the
claustrophobia and the tiny cramped cell certainly didnt make it easier. The
worst part of this torture was when they closed the eyeglasses. Then I really
felt lonely and isolated. I completely lost the feeling of time and space and a
minute just felt like an hour sometimes even a day. While thinking steel
reinforced tube was connected to my gasmask and the man stepped outside the
cell and pushed a button. Then the woman continued her
instructions.

&nbsp;

We have connected the water tube. All you need to do
is to suck on the short rubber tube in
your mouth and water will be added. We have adjusted the temperature as well
and you will soon feel the temperature inside your cell increase to the desired
level. As you seem to have regained breath control after the exercise we will
switch the breathing valve in your gasmask to rest mode again. Then you will
again have to concentrate on breathing like you have done the last couples of
days while wearing this nice mask. If you behave well I have to disappoint you
as we might decide to release you from your excellent, warm and comfortable
suit within a few days. I know you really dont want it but Im afraid you cant take it any longer. We
will at least have to inspect your skin as we dont want you to suffer any permanent damage. Anyway, Im sure a nice cleaning and a
bottle of body lotion will make you as good as new again. Maybe your skin will
be red for a couple of days but this will just be perfect as it will make you
look like the pig you are. When you are undressed the suit I think I will put
you through an extended examination in order to check your health condition. Im educated nurse and I know
how to do it. You will receive a through out examination with special attention
paid to the inside of your body. We have to make sure you pleasure holes are in
good shape as they are supposed to be used a lot in the future. Furthermore it
is important that you are in good health condition before we put you through
the fair trial deciding what to do with you. You really dont have to be afraid as we
will make sure you will have a fair trial and when we have completed Im actually quite sure you
will accept the judgment, just wait and see! the evil woman told me and laughed. They
continuously told me about this trial. I had no idea what it included and I
didnt
understand at all. I had done nothing wrong and if it was a fair trial the only
possible judgment would be to release me from this hell of a prison. While
doing all this thinking I felt the eyeglasses close and everything went dark
again. The hissing sound from the gasmask told me they had adjusted the
breathing valve to rest mode as they called it again. Once again I had to fight
getting enough air to survive but though it sometimes was hard I had learned to
control it. In the beginning I almost panicked making me drag even more for
air. I once really was afraid to die as my efforts made me begin to hyper breathe.
It really was difficult to regain control again as I just continued to make
these short dragging in and out breathings. It actually felt like it has become
a little easier to breathe but I guess it only was caused by the fact that I
had got used to this breathing resistance. While doing all this thinking I
suddenly became aware that nobody talked to me any more. 

&nbsp;

Have they left? Am I alone again?
I thought. I remained still on the floor for a while then I slowly raised my
body to kneeling position. Nothing happened; the cell was still silent like a
grave. All I could hear was the hissing sound from my gasmask. I decided to get
on my feet just to reduce the disgusting feeling from the waste inside the
suit. The increased temperature inside the cell surely made my condition worse.
It really was an ordeal to wear the suit in this heat and I felt like I had
fever inside. I really was wondering how I ever would be able to survive the
next day. I really feared the unavoidable exercise to come. Exercising in a
rubber enclosure in this heat would surely cause me severe troubles but I didnt
think they would allow me to make another choice. I just hope so badly that
they would be kind not creating a too hard program on the computer. Riding up
the hills really made me feel like I would collapse within the next seconds. I
actually wondered what they would do if I really collapsed within the first
minutes of the exercise. Would they just increase the temperature inside my
cell to the required level? It could easily mean increasing from 36 degrees
Celsius (96.8 degrees Fahrenheit) to 60 degrees Celsius (140 degrees
Fahrenheit). Nobody would ever be able to survive sealed in rubber in that
heat. It would even be difficult to survive if you were naked.

&nbsp;

It all seems so hopeless! I must be prepared to make
an attempt to escape if I ever got the chance! I thought
suffering the never ending itching again. The evil arm binder made it
impossible to itch back.



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Mistress Lex and Master Mick enjoyed Annes
discomfort for a while after dressing again.

&nbsp;

You really were good! Im so proud
of you. Your idea of making her believe that we had planned to release her from
her enclosure was just marvelous. I really had to control myself not laughing
loudly. Now I think we deserve a cold drink, dont you?
Mick asked Lex

&nbsp;

It just came to me. It really wasnt
pre-planned but her stupid begging just made it perfect to make her believe we
had other plans with her. I dont think you can imagine how excited
I am to check her body after being sealed that long in her own waste and filth.
And yes; I really think we deserve a cold drink. It is horrible to stay in her
hot cell. The only thing that makes it possible for me is the knowledge that
she has to endure it sealed in rubber! Mistress Lex
said and laughed again. 

&nbsp;

______________________________________________________________________

New arrival for the dungeon.

&nbsp;

Rose was driving the stolen car late in the night. She
had decided to make one more break before she would leave the area. 

&nbsp;

Im lucky. The area seems to be dead.
No cars or peoples on the road. Im alone and
thats good. Though I have hired the car in a false name
you cant be too carefully. I heard in one of the bars that
the police normally dont patrol during the night, which
really makes me happy. After this last break into a house I have been into five
houses and then I have to leave again. All houses seem to be left for holidays
but you cant be sure they arent supervised
by neighbors and so on. When they find out the police will probably patrol in
the area. Rose thought.

&nbsp;

She had problems finding the right roads and suddenly
she was driving into a forest on small roads. She decided to continue for a
while as the forest made it easy to hide the car. She stopped the car and
stepped outside. In the night she could see the silhouette of a large house
located on a hill. It looked dark and no lights could be seen in the windows. 

&nbsp;

It looks perfect. Not far away and I can enter from
the backside of the house and its easy to get
back to the car. I give it a try. It looks like the house of a loaded family.
It must be full of nice things just begging to be stolen.
Rose thought and locked the car and then she walked towards the house. She was
carefully not making any noises until she was sure nobody was at home. She was
very pleased when she saw the empty garage with the open doors. 

&nbsp;

Perfect, they seem to be gone. But as the doors are
open they might come back later. I just have to hurry up doing my job
she thought while checking the windows and doors. All seemed to be locked but
she had of course the right tools for solving these problems. Within a few
minutes the door for entering the huge garden was opened and she stepped inside
the house. Still without making much noise she started to check the house for
things of value. Rose primary looked for money and jewels as money could be
used right away and jewels were easy to sell. What Rose didnt
know was that some of the rooms had been equipped with hidden sensors and she
had trigged one of them.

&nbsp;

Mick was sleeping alone this night. Mistress Lex had
been extremely tired after some hard work in the dungeon and she decided to go
to bed early. She wanted to sleep alone this night and therefore Mick was
sleeping in the bedroom with the monitors and sensors for both the house and
the dungeon. If the sluts were restrained in dangerous positions it was
important that they were able to react quickly if needed. The room sensors in
the rooms above the dungeon were located to make them notice if thieves entered
the house. Mick awoke from the noise from one of the room sensors. It was the
sensor in the library that had been activated. A quick glance at the sleeping
form beside him showed that it wasnt Lex that
had triggered the sensor.

&nbsp;

Lex, wake up! I think we have visitors!
Mick whispered not wanting to make to much noise.

&nbsp;

What? But we locked all doors before going to sleep.
What do we do? she asked.

&nbsp;

I have an idea. Why not try the nice quick fitting
hood? It is ready for use and when the collar and straps are locked into
position it wont be removed without the right key
or tools. If we cut of the sight he or she will be trapped and we can decide
what to do about it. What do you think? If we enter from two sides it should be
quite easy. All we need is to be careful if he or she is wearing weapons.
Mick asked Lex

&nbsp;

It sounds exciting but Im a little
afraid about it. But lets do it. If we do it well we should
be safe. Lex answered.

&nbsp;

Lex took the hood and made sure the keys wasnt
located in the keyhole for the steel collar. The hood was fixed to the collar
with rivets making it impossible to remove it when it was locked into place. In
order to make sure she didnt make to much noise carrying it she replaced the
two long chains fixed to the collar with two long leather straps. Then Mick and
Lex approached the library from two sides. The desk in the library was located
close to one of the doors and they both assumed the thief was checking the
drawers in the desk for money and so on. They were both sure the thief would
try to escape through one of the doors when they entered. Therefore Lex took
position outside one of the doors awaiting him or her to come and Mick entered
the other door. Mick entered the library without making noises and the intruder
didnt seem to notice him. In the meantime Lex had tied one
of the straps to a heating tube and then she took position exciting awaiting
what to happen. Then she heard Mick.

&nbsp;

What are you doing here? This is my house. You have no
rights to look in my drawers! he said in an unfriendly tone.

&nbsp;

This was the signal and Lex felt adrenalin pumping in
her veins. It all happened extremely fast. The door was opened and the intruder
almost ran into the hood. Lex quickly locked the collar around the neck and
then she tightened the straps mounted at the sides and the top of the hood. It
was easy to do as they had been equipped with a quick tightening device. She
only had to drag in the straps until they were tight. The only way to loosen
them again was by using a special tool for this purpose. The intruder continued
to run but the escape was soon stopped by the leather strap. Lex had a good
grip in the other leather strap and she quickly tied it to another tube making
any further movement impossible for the intruder. Mick and Lex switched on all
the light and enjoyed the struggling. Now they noticed that the intruder was a
woman. The hissing sounds coming from the hood clearly indicated that she had
problems breathing.



&nbsp;



(Rose)

&nbsp;

It all happened so fast. When entering the house I was
sure it was empty but I obviously was wrong. Suddenly the light was switched on
and I heard this male voice addressing me. I really had no intention speaking
with him as he probably didnt like what I was doing. Therefore I
decided to use the other door for my escape. When entering the adjacent room I
suddenly felt this awful hood totally encircling my head and cutting of all
light. Desperately I tried to remove it but the scaring clicks told me it was
locked into place and no matter how hard I tried the steel collar remained
locked around my neck. I felt hands behind my head and the thick leather was
tightened with straps at the back making it tighten until it felt like a second
layer of skin. Then the hands were gone again. While still running I tried to
release the straps but I soon found out they were locked into place as well. I
couldnt help hyper ventilating and my warm breathe quickly
made it extremely hot inside the hood. Then I felt a hard something tighten at
the left side of the collar and I feel backwards on the floor. Strong hands
dragged me on the feet again and I felt something dragging at the right side of
the collar and within a few seconds my ability to move was reduced to a few
steps. I tried to remove the leather straps holding me in standing position by
the neck collar but all I found was two padlocks telling me that it remained
located unless you had the right key. I almost forgot to breathe but when
dragging in air I heard this strange hissing sound telling me I was breathing
through some kind of device and it certainly didnt make it
easier to breathe. Each time I emptied my lungs for air I heard a click and I
could feel the hot air leaving the hood at the top. It obviously had an intake
device in front of my mouth and an outlet at the top of the ghastly hood. This
meant that each breathe I took made the hood inflate a bit until the air
escaped at the top and that made soon the inside of the hood hot and steamy.
Suddenly I heard a female voice.

&nbsp;

You better stop struggling. You are trapped and there
is absolutely nothing you can do about it. As you cant
see I will inform you that we presently have a nice collection of punishment
tools in front of us. If you continue to struggle we might decide to use it in
order to calm you down. Just to clarify; it isnt tools of
pleasure we have produced. Tell me what you think about this one!
she instructed me and before I had a chance to defend myself I heard a switch
in the air and then I felt a stinging pain on my buttock. 

&nbsp;

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuu, stop, you have no rights
doing this I cried out.

&nbsp;

OK, then we stops. You have now tried the whip. But if
you dont like the whip then what about this one?
I heard a male voice asking me.

&nbsp;

You dont need to
try mmm aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhooooo. Now you stop it immediately
or I. I paused while trying to figure out
what to say while I cared my lips of my extremely sensitive pussy lips. They
had used a device able to shock me with electricity between my legs! Now I
really was angry. OK, I had braked into their house but they certainly didnt
have right to treat me like that.

&nbsp;

Or you do what? We are waiting my sweetheart. What
have you planned to do? the female voice asked me.
Gradually I realized that I was in severe troubles. I had to face reality. I
wasnt in a position to threaten them. I decided to try a
different approach and do as they wanted me to do until I had a chance to
escape.

&nbsp;

OK, I know you are in control! Lets
just face reality. I broke into your house and you caught me doing it. That
will be end of the story. Lets make an agreement. I empty my bag
again and you release me. I pay for anything I have destroyed and then you
release me again. I promise not to tell to anybody that you used these horrible
devices on me. What do you think? I said and
paused awaiting the answer. I didnt get an
answer. Instead I felt a pressure against both nipples and then I heard this
hissing sound again flowed by the stinging pain from the current running
through my nipples. This time I almost collapsed. I wasnt
prepared for this and I felt my legs weaken under me. I lost balance and
suddenly I was hanging from the two straps holding me in a steady position.
While screaming loudly due to the pain I felt the collar almost cutting off all
air while it pressed against my chin forcing my mouth completely closed. Strong
hands helped me on my feet again and then they were silent for some minutes
while I got the required time for regaining breathe control again.

&nbsp;

Have we made ourselves clear to you now? Will you just
shut up and wait until we ask you now or do we have to find some even more
painful tools for persuading you? the man
asked me.

&nbsp;

Nooooooooo, please noooooooo, I will do exactly as you
tell me. Please let me free and let us just sit for a while and sort all this
out in a friendly way. I admit my mistake but please try to understand why I
have done as I did! We all make mistakes. I bet you have done something stupid
in your life as well. Sometimes you have no other choice
I tried. I had prepared a nice story for this involving kids and family and
being poor. I actually had succeeded persuading couple to let me go some months
ago using this story. Initially they wanted to call the police but after
listening to my story they actually gave me some money before I left. I couldnt
help laughing while I almost ran from their house in order to make sure they
didnt change their mind. The truth is that I have almost
no contact to friends and family. I love to be alone and my nice job
has until now almost kept me rich. I had always been careful not staying in the
same area for too long in order to make it difficult for the police to find me.

&nbsp;

OK, but first we have some questions we want you to
answer. Will you answer honestly? the woman
asked me. Satisfied that it seemed to work I of course promised to tell the
truth. 

&nbsp;

First of all we want to know if you are alone and if
anybody else knows you are in this area and how you came to this area?
the woman asked me.

&nbsp;

Firstly I can tell that I drove to this place in my
own car. I work alone but my family always knows where I am. Its
a safety precaution. If I dont call back each day to my parents
they will send the police for finding me. I actually called them a few minutes
before I came to this place I lied to them. I knew I didnt
call anybody each day and I certainly didnt want my
family to know what I was doing but they didnt need to
know. If they were afraid that the police would look for me they would surely
let me go again. What I couldnt see was that the man found my
mobile phone in my bag while I was talking. He quickly checked the outgoing
call list and showed the woman the list. After checking the list she continued
to ask me some more questions.

&nbsp;

OK, you are telling you call your family every day and
even sometimes several times each day. Its good to
know. Some peoples just forget about family but you obviously dont.
The car you are talking about. Where have you parked it? I can imagine it isnt
parked that far away as you probably want to be able to escape as fast as
possible. Am I right? she asked me.

&nbsp;

Its bulls eyes! I
have parked it in the forest only a quarter mile from here. I answered her. I had no problems telling
her. They would probably not steal it and the fact was that I had stolen it
myself but it was no need to tell them.

&nbsp;

What is the license number of your car? Just to make
sure we will be able to find it. I think the best is that my husband picks it
up and then we all sort out the stupid problems you have caused. After that you
will be released and then you can drive again. She told me
and awaited my answer. This time I had luck as I actually remembered the number
on the number plate. I told her the number. The man left the room for a while.
I could of course not see that he left due to the hood but I heard his foot
steps and after a few minutes I heard it again. I heard whispering voices and
then it all was silent again.

&nbsp;

What are you doing? Will you release me soon and
remove this hood? Then we can talk and solve this little problem
I asked but I didnt hear any answers. I heard some
rattling like somebody was carrying chains or something else making metallic
noise. Then it was silent for a while again. 

&nbsp;

OK sweetie, we know what we need to know and we are
ready to continue. Just remain still while we rearrange your restraints. Then
we will be ready to talk. The woman said.

&nbsp;

Good, I assume rearrange means you are ready to
release me again? Its really no need to keep me
restrained. We just have to sort this mistake out and then we will be ready to
forget all about it. Dont you agree?
I asked. I was a bit nervous when I couldnt hear them.
While waiting for an answer I could feel they were close to me.

&nbsp;

Now we release you again. Just relax and remain as
still as possible. The woman instructed me.

&nbsp;

Sure, no problem as long as promise me that I will get
rid of this horrible hood. Have you ever tried it yourself? I feel like being
in a sauna inside it I said and laughed still hoping and
even believing that everything would be fine within a few minutes. I felt hands
touching the top of the hood like they were doing something with it. Maybe the
lock for the straps had been located this place. 

&nbsp;

I think the straps are jammed. Could you please help
me? Put your hands at the top of the hood and drag in the strap I give you with
both hands, OK? the man asked me. I put my hands at
the top trying to find the strap he was talking about but something completely
different happened. I felt cold steel around my wrists and some clicks could be
heard. Before I had a chance to react my hand were cuffed to the top of the
hood through a ring located at the top.

&nbsp;

Hey, what are you doing? We made an agreement. You are
making a mistake! I cried out but they just seemed to
ignore me. Now I began to be really scared and I decided to play one of the
aces I still thought I had left.

&nbsp;

Remember that I soon have to call family. Otherwise
they will inform the police. I actually missed the last call and therefore it
really is important that I call them now I
desperately tried.

&nbsp;

And who would you call? Tell us the number and we will
be happy to do it for you. I know it probably is a mistake but I really think
you have lied to us! We dont believe you call family every day.
We find it a bit strange that it cant be seen
when we check your outgoing calls and when checking the incoming it isnt
different. You have made five calls during the last three weeks and the numbers
you have dialed are all different. How about your car as you call it? We
checked the license number and we were a bit surprised to find the car you
claims yours in the database of stolen cars. Its a public
database everybody is able to visit. I think we need to ask the questions in a
different environment. But first I think you owe us to show what you got!
the woman told me in a more commanding tone than she had done until now. I
desperately tried to get my hands free while I was angry with myself. It was
stupid lying to them and now I was afraid that I was in severe troubles. While
thinking I heard the noise of a pair of scissors working and suddenly I felt
first my pullover being cut into pieces and remove, then the next layer and
soon I was standing only wearing my bra on my torso.

&nbsp;

Stop it. You destroy my clothes. You have no rights
doing this to me! Just stop it now or you will be in troubles
I cried out both scared and angry. I started kicking with my legs trying to hit
them. They obviously had moved beyond the reach of my legs. Suddenly I felt
hands grabbing first my left boot and I felt something being strapped around my
ankle and then my right leg was forced apart and I suddenly stood with legs
widely spread in a painful position. Before I could start kicking again I felt
something being strapped around my right ankle and then I realized what they
had done to me. They had strapped a kind of spreader bar to legs making me
stand with legs widely spread. The exhausting position caused the collar around
my neck to add stress to my head. Before I got a chance to continue complaining
I heard the female voice again.

&nbsp;

And what have you planed to do causing us troubles? I
really dont think you are in a position to threaten anybody. I
think you will remain nicely in position while we continue preparing you
she said and laughed an evil laughter. The man laughed as well. I slowly
realized the hopeless in my condition. I was completely in the mercy of these
two peoples with no chance to resist. Then I heard the pair of scissor continue
doing its work. I felt the belt for my trousers being unbuckled and then my
trousers simple was cut of me. I continued complaining but it just was useless.
In a few minutes I was standing only in my underwear. Then they stopped.

&nbsp;

Thank God. It isnt that bad.
If they let me keep my underwear on it might still be worked out. Maybe they
just want to threaten me a bit before releasing me. What the hell, I have been
stupid and I might deserve it. Then I heard the woman again.

&nbsp;

She seems to have a nice body. It might need some
exercise but it really looks promising. Lets continue
and see what she got! she said and then they actually
continued. First my panties were removed.

&nbsp;

Oh my God, what a stench and how soiled they are! Do
you have problems controlling your bladder? Your panties are yellow of urine
and you smell like a pig. I wish you were able to see them. Do you have
problems with hygiene? Its really disgusting! We will show it
later. The woman said and the man continued.

&nbsp;

This really is disgusting. What if something did
happen to you? Think on the poor doctors and nurses who would have to endure
this awful stench! You really have to be more careful with hygiene. Remember
that a lot of diseases are caused by bad hygiene. Pigs like you dont
deserve medical treatment if needed! he said
clearly indicating disgust. I couldnt help blush
inside the hood but it remained my secret. After this
pep talk they removed the last part of my clothes revealing my
breasts and I was stark naked save for my boots and the ghastly hood. I tried
to complain again but two fingers squeezing my left nipple told me it was wise
to remain silent. They obviously enjoyed watching my now naked body but it all
seemed only to be the beginning. I soon felt a rubber gloved hand between my
legs.

&nbsp;

Stop it! Dont touch my
private parts at all! You have to call a doctor if you think it is needed
I cried out .I dont know why I asked for a doctor as I
didnt feel ill at all. I just wanted it to stop. Then I
heard the female voice again.

&nbsp;

You really dont need to
worry. Im educated nurse. I know how to do. We need to have
you moved before I continue. Before deciding what to do with you we need some
more checks she said and while talking I could hear some noises
in the room like somebody was dragging a heavy piece of furniture against the
floor. Then I felt hands at my neck collar and I felt something being attached
to the front of the collar.

&nbsp;

We will now release your collar from the straps
holding you. Then you just start walking in the direction I drag you. Just do
as you are told or we will have fun with our nice toys again!
I heard the male voice telling me and while talking I felt a hand at my right
breast. First my nipple was cared and it actually felt good but then it changed
to pure pain as it was squeezed between two fingers. I tried the best I could
to avoid it with my hands and arms but the limited ability to use my hands due
to the fact that they were cuffed to the top of the hood made it useless.

&nbsp;

Auuuuuu, stop, Ill do as
told. You dont need to do that! But please remove the spreader bar
before I am supposed to walk. I cant walk with
my legs widely spread as they are! I cried
out. He stopped squeezing and I felt the leather straps being removed. A sudden
drag in my neck collar told me I was supposed to walk. They obviously had
decided not to remove the spreader bar and I had no other choice than follow
the man walking the best I could with legs widely spread. The feet shackles was
connected to a ring so the spreader bar making it possible to walk but it
really was difficult and I really had problems keeping the balance but the evil
dragging in me collar told me he didnt care at
all. I was happy they didnt want me to walk that far because
it only took a few minute before I was ordered to stop. I felt hands fondling
with the spreader bar dragging in my feet and I heard some rattling with chains
as well. I think they hooked something in the spreader bar. When they stopped
touching my legs I was sure I was right as I only could move my feet a few
inches up and down. Then I felt tension in my neck collar again I desperately
tried to move my feet but it was impossible. I just fell forward but not to the
floor. My stomach hit a beam in front of me and soon I was bending over the
beam with my ass high in the air totally exposing my private parts for these
peoples.

&nbsp;

Hey, what are you doing? We made an agreement. You
promised to release me but now Im in an even
worse condition. Why are you doing this to me? I did promise to corporate and
do what you wanted me to do! I cried out again.

&nbsp;

You are doing exactly what we want you to do. We want
you to expose your filthy ass and cunt! You have lied twice to us and therefore
we dont trust you any longer. The agreement still counts.
The only difference is that my friend and I decide how you corporate. Just
relax and enjoy your position. You actually look quite sexy with booted legs
and widely spread legs while bending over the horse! I wish you could see it
but dont worry as we take a couple of pictures. Maybe we will
show them later. The woman said and laughed again. I
heard several clicks telling me they did as they told me. I had never felt so
humiliated before. The fact that they took pictures of my embarrassing position
just added to the humiliation. Then I heard the male voice again.

&nbsp;

I agree with my girlfriend! I dont
trust you either. Before we will consider releasing you we have to ask you more
questions and this time we will make sure you tell us the truth. But firstly we
have to make sure you are not hiding any weapons or something else you can use
for hurting us. My girlfriend is a skilful nurse as told before. She will
examine your cavities and make sure you dont hide
anything in your ass or cunt. I guess
you have heard about a speculum? Its used for
opening our holes and makes it possible to use a flashlight for inspecting your
holes. It might hurt a bit when it is inserted and maybe it hurts a bit more
when it is opened. My advice for you is just to relax your ass and cunt while
she inspects it. I think she will love if you try to fight it as she knows she
will be the winner of the battle and you will be the one suffering even more
pain! the man said and laughed again. While he was talking
I felt the rubber gloved hands between my legs and some greasy substance was
smeared over ass and cunt. She even put her fingers up my private holes. I
tried to move my hips to avoid it but she just followed the movements. 

&nbsp;

She is ready. Will you help me holding her still and
part her ass cheeks while I prepare the speculum? she asked
and the man obviously had no problems doing as she asked him to do because I
soon felt my cheeks widely parted exposing my ass hole for these two peoples. I
cried out when I felt the intruder invade the entrance. The speculum was forced
deeply up in my gut and then the real pain began. Slowly I felt how it expanded
opening my poor hole more and more.

&nbsp;

Stooooooooop, please stop, it just hurts too much! Dont
do this to me! Im not hiding anything inside me. You
must believe me, Im telling the truth now!
I almost frantically cried out but it had no effect. It just continued to
expand. 

&nbsp;

Stop crying like a child! If you are brave enough to
steel from peoples you must be brave enough to endure this as well! I know
exactly how much you can take. I will even stop a bit before maximum level as
you seem to have an untrained ass hole. I think we are through. Now we just
need to light it up so I can check what you got inside you
The woman instructed me and laughed again.

&nbsp;

Ooooooooh, look at that! I have never seen a gut
soiled like hers! Though Im used to inspect these kinds of
holes I still find this one really disgusting. Try to have a look!
the woman said in a tone clearly indicated that she didnt
like what she saw.

&nbsp;

She even smells more than I ever have experienced
before. My advice for you is to be more careful with the cleaning and regularly
make a through out cleaning of your gut. You can buy enemas or you can make it
yourself. Anyway, you dont seem to hide anything this place.
All I need is to make the finger inspection of the entrance. The speculum might
hide this area of your filthy gut. She said.

&nbsp;

I really agree with you. I would never do any ass
fucking of this slut without cleaning her gut before doing it. It is even full
of old shit and the walls are soiled of filthy shit as well!
the man added to the womans humiliating speech for me. I could
feel how I blushed under the hood. I felt terrible embarrassed but I really had
no chance to do anything about it. I just had to wait until these evil peoples
were satisfied with the so called examination of the most intimate parts of my
body. I felt the speculum being closed again and it was quickly dragged out of
my gut sending a new wave of pain through my body. Then I felt the rubber
gloved finger entering my ass hole and the fingers busily moving around inside
me. She continued doing it for a long time before she finally withdraws her
fingers from my now sore hole. 

&nbsp;

OK, I think this was the worst part of it both for me
and you. I certainly dont hope your cunt is as filthy as
your ass is! Tough it stinks of old piss I still think it is much better than
what I just have experienced. By the way; I have two types of speculums but I
havent brought the last one with me. Originally there is
one speculum for cunt and one for the gut but I really dont
think it is necessary. Though the speculum for the cunt is a bit larger I dont
think it is a problem. I think I just proved it. You didnt
seem to suffer that much when I used it in your filthy gut. I bet you agree
with me! she told me and laughed again and then she rammed the
speculum up my cunt and started to expand it. Though it did hurt a bit it wasnt
as bad as in my ass. But I soon found out I was wrong as she just continued to
expand it. I felt like I was about to burst between my legs before she finally
stopped. Though I knew it didnt matter at all I couldnt
help crying out loudly and it changed to a hysterically scream at the end of
the expansion. I felt like I should pass out but I remained consciousness. 

You have a nice cunt. I bet it hasnt
been used that much. Your ass hole have probably never been fucked before and I
sure you never have had any other kind of sec than the missionary kind of sex.
Am I right? she asked me. I certainly didnt
want to discuss my sex life with this woman so I didnt
answer her but a hard stroke with her bare hand on my left ass cheek made me
change my mind.

&nbsp;

ANSWER ME! I try to be kind and talk to you during the
examination then I expect you to answer me! she shouted
out loudly. My body jumped and I quickly told her she was right. Right now I
actually was happy that I was hooded. I was sure that I had turned deeply red
as I could feel the heat from the blushing. I hardly could take these
embarrassing questions. I was very shy and discussing my sex life with others
was completely out of the question. 

&nbsp;

You seem to be OK this place. It stinks a bit more
than usual but all in all it looks healthy and well working. Your clit seems OK
as well! she said and started caress the clit. Oh no, I
thought, please dont do this to me. I had never had any
fantasies of being touched my private parts by a woman and now she just rubbed
my clit. 

&nbsp;

Please dont react to
her touch I desperately thought but I just couldnt
and as she started to rub my nipples with her other hand I just couldnt
help being sexual aroused. I just feared that my juices would start to flow as
well and that was exactly what happened. I even started to sweat of excitement.
No matter how hard I tried to avoid reacting to her gentle touch it just
happened, I just couldnt help it

&nbsp;

Ohh my filthy slut, you really like that. Are you a
lesbian? Come here and have a look my sweet man. Her cunt lips are swollen and
look how her juices just flow! What do you say? We have been robbed by a
lesbian slut, and even a dirty, smelly and soiled lesbian slut! I really think
it is disgusting. You are lesbian, arent you?
she asked me again.

&nbsp;

No, Im not a lesbian, you are wrong!
I answered still remembering what happened the last time I didnt
answer. They didnt seem to care about my answer.
Instead the woman asked the man if he had any other plans before they
transferred me to their secret place. I really didnt
like the term secret place.
I was wondering what they had in mind but I didnt dare to
ask them. 

&nbsp;

Yes, I actually have some plans with her. I really
think she deserves to be taught a lesson not to forget for a long time. Try to
check her ass. Its just normal color. Dont
you think this ass deserve to light up a bit? he asked
the woman.

&nbsp;

I
think you are right, it will just be a pleasure to see you in action
she answered. I wasnt sure about the meaning of all this
but I had my scary suspicions. I didnt have to
wait long before I was sure.

&nbsp;

We are a bit angry that you did what you did.
Therefore we have decided to punish you. The first punishment is just to warm
you up to the real punishment. Have you ever tried the strokes from a flexible
paddle? he asked me. I thought about what to answer him but
before I had the chance to speak I had no doubt what it was. Waves after waves
of pain hit me like a stroke and again I cried out loudly feeling tears in my
eyes.

&nbsp;

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK. The merciless strokes just
continued and continued and it didnt take long
before my buttocks felt like they were on fire. I continued to beg him to stop
but her just continued while I heard the woman being laughing in the
background. I just had to accept that my begging didnt
mean anything at all to them. I even had the feeling that begging just meant
more punishment. 

&nbsp;

How do you like it? the man
shouted while still paddling my now extremely sore ass cheeks. 

&nbsp;

Oh please God, please make it stop! I cant
take more, please make it stop! I frantically thought. It felt like
he continued got hours before he finally stopped. . I was weeping under the
hood. It was both the most painful and the most embarrassing experience I had
experienced for years maybe even in my entire life. When he finally stopped I
was frantically moving my hips from side to side in a useless attempt to avoid
the strokes. Once again I felt like I was on the very limit to pass out.

&nbsp;

Now your ass has the color we just love! But this was
just to warm you up before the real stingers. Listen to the sounds in the air
right now. My sweet man is presently testing the flexibility of the cane. It
has been placed in a large pail of water since we strapped you to the horse in
order to make it as flexible as possible. Just listen to the sounds. I
guarantee you that it really is effective when he put it into real service. We
have decided to mark you. Not permanently mark you but just mark you with
stripes that will remain on you for a long time making you continuously
remember that you did something really stupid! Are you ready? As it is
important that the stripes are located exactly where we want them to be I will
hold your hips tight during the caning. We have decided to mark you with three
stripes. One across both cheeks crossing your ass hole making you remembers
that you really got yourself into deep shit when you decided to rob our house.
Just above this stripe we will place a cross consisting of two stokes. This
cross will make you remember that you were lucky to find me and my sweet man
who are able to teach you a lesson never to forget.
She instructed me and then she took a good grip in my hips with her latex
gloved hands holding my torso in a steady position like it was placed in a vice
with no ability to move at all.

&nbsp;

She is ready. Be my guest and aim the first stroke.
Promise me you give her three real stingers. I really want her to feel each
stroke. And please let her totally recover between each stroke. She deserves to
feel all the pleasure possible during this last part of her punishment
the woman said. 

&nbsp;

No, please no. I had enough troubles enduring the
paddle. I dont need more! I really have been taught a lesson not to
forget. My ass is still on fire. I dont think I
will be able to take it I desperately begged them.

&nbsp;

Nonsense! Dont be such a
baby! You will be surprised if you ever find out how much pain the body
actually is able to take. Who knows, maybe you will sometimes find out
the woman told me and while talking I felt the cane being placed at the first
position passing over my extremely sore ass hole. Then it disappeared for a
second and then I heard the horrible sound of a cane accelerating through the
air and then the unavoidable pain started.

&nbsp;

Auuuuuuuuuooooooooooooohhhhhh au auauua auuuuuuuuuu
I just screamed and screamed. The pain was overwhelming. It just felt like it
continued and continued, like it never would stop again. The first seconds I
just felt like it continued to increase and increase and increase in strength
but then finally it gradually decreased and I felt it bearable though it still
did hurt like hell. My whole body was covered by sweat after the first stroke.
My screams stopped and I switched to a silent weeping just fearing that they
really decided to give me the last two strokes. After all I actually had no
doubts that they would do as planned. Until now they hadnt
disappointed
me concerning keeping their promises when it was about pain and humiliation.
While thinking and fearing what to come they answered my question as I felt the
cane resting on my ass cheeks again.

&nbsp;

OK, sweetie, it wasnt that bad
was it? Im sorry you cant see your
ass right now. It really looks beautifully. The deeply red ass combined with
the swollen stripe is just perfect. I hardly can wait to see the final result when
we are through she told me and laughed again. At
the same time I heard the merciless sound of the cane in the air again and once
again I screamed the lungs out of my body. I now felt like I was in a different
world. My brain began to blank out and though I was wearing the hood cutting of
all light it still felt like it went even darker inside the hood. I just
screamed and screamed like the pain never would end but as before it again
gradually decreased and changed to the strong stinging like I still felt from
the first stroke. I wasnt sure I would make it during the
last stroke. I had a strong feeling that I would faint when the third stroke
hit me. The man had obviously taken position at the other side. I could hear it
from his talking. It probably was to be able to place the last stroke exactly
where it was supposed to be. I felt the hands of the woman holding me tight
again telling me they were preparing the final stroke. I really hope they didnt
change their mind and decided to give me more strokes. Three strokes of this
horrible cane was more than enough for me. Then I again heard the swish from
the cane in the air and the terrible pain started all over again. The
combination of the new pain from the last stroke and the pain I still felt from
the last two strokes really made it an experience to me. I frantically turned
my head from side to side and up and down while screaming the best I could. It
really felt like it lasted for hours though I knew it only had lasted for maybe
a minute.

&nbsp;

OK my sweetheart, do you want more? Do you want us to
give you a couple of bonus strokes? Im sure we
will be able to make it fit into the pattern of the first three strokes. What
do you think? Do you want to be a brave girl and take a couple of strokes more?
she asked laughing again. The man was laughing as well. I frantically turned my
head from side to side and tried to shout no though I almost couldnt
speak through my weeping. My answer sounded like I stuttered but I think they
understood.

&nbsp;

OK, then we will stop with this. I really think we
have done a marvelous job. Ill take a few pictures of it and
then we will prepare you for the transport to our secret place. I promise to
show you later. I really think we have taught you a lesson you will never
forget. Each time you sit on your ass cheeks you will be reminded for a long
time, just wait and see! she said and laughed again. I felt
the collar being released and I was raised to upright position again but the
dragging in my neck chain continued until I was standing on the tip toe. They
had used a hook located at the ceiling and when they were satisfied with my
position it was locked into place with a padlock. I heard some rattling with
chains again and a belt was locked around my waist. Then I felt something cold between
my legs and a kind of steel band was pulled extremely tight parting my cunt
lips. I felt something being locked to each ring on my leg shackles and then my
feet were released from the spreader bar. It felt nice being able to collect my
legs again but they werent finished yet. I felt hands between
my legs and then the chains from my two leg shackles were tightened until I
felt like my legs were lifted free of the ground and then I again heard the
click from a padlock.

&nbsp;

OK smelly slut, you have been dressed
in what we call prison restraints. It will be a little difficult to walk but
not as difficult as it was to walk with the spreader bar between your legs. Its
just to make sure you dont try to escape and to make sure you
dont kick again. It might hurt a bit but that will be
your problem. You will be guided to our van and then we will make sure you
sleep during the trip to our secret place. We dont want you
to be able to find it. Though you are hooded you are still able to hear what is
going on. This wont be a problem if you are sleeping
during the trip the man instructed me. I felt a
drag in my neck collar and I walked the best I could. The steel band was
cutting between my legs for each step I took. While walking I tried to speak
with them again.

&nbsp;

Where are you taking me? Try to see it from my
position. You have punished me severely for what I did. I havent
stolen anything from you as you took me by surprise before I had the chance. If
you continue you will be accused for kidnapping. Why not be clever and let it
stop now? I asked but all I achieved was another evil drag in
the neck chain forcing me to walk quicker. A door was opened and I felt cold
air. I concluded that they had guided me outside the house. Then I heard the
noise from the engine of a car and then it stopped again.

&nbsp;

OK, Im ready. Just put her in the back of
the van and then we are ready for the trip. Do you have the syringe ready?
the man asked. I was forced into the van and forced down on the floor. Then I
felt the sudden pain from a needle in my right ass cheek telling me she had
remembered the syringe. 

&nbsp;

OK smelly pig! Within a few minutes or even seconds
you will be sleeping and when you wake up again you will be located a different
place. Just relax and enjoy your sleep. You will really need it as the future
might be a bit exhausting for you the woman
said. The van started and I felt it begin moving.

&nbsp;



Please stop
all this! You have no right doing this to me! Stop the car and 
Rose had gone to sleep.



&nbsp;

Good, lets have the
van in the garage again and take her down the cellar. She will believe she is a
different place when she wakes up. My plan is to put her in the cell with the
steel bed with the thin rubber covered mattress and the steel pail for waste.
This will be her only furniture during the first couple of days while we try to
find out who she really is and if we are in danger that somebody will look for
her in our area. Mick said to Lex.

&nbsp;

I really hope she wont cause
problems. If we succeed trapping her as well we almost have a harem down the
cellar. Think on all the fun we will be able to have with three sluts.
Lex said.

&nbsp;

You are right and they dont
cost much money. I have made some tests with offering them dog food. I have
read about it. It contains all they needs; the only disadvantage is that the
taste is a bit different compared to our food but that will be their problem
not ours. Sometimes they even eat like dogs. Last night I enjoyed Anne eating
still wearing the arm binder. She had no other choice than eat like a dog. It
really was a sight looking at that rubber covered ass high in the air while she
was eating. Mick told Lex

&nbsp;

It sounds good. Stop your exciting dreaming and let us
get back to work. We need to have her safely stored in the cellar before she is
awake again Lex said smiling to Mick

&nbsp;

They drove the van in the garage again. They had not
left the courtyard of the house before Rose was sleeping. Mick just drove in
circles in the courtyard until she was sleeping and it didnt
take long. He kept the light switched of as they didnt
want anybody to notice it. It would be a problem if somebody came to the house
right now. They used the winch for lowering her down the basement of the prison
and then she was placed on a trolley and taken to her new home. Safely inside
the cell Rose was placed on the narrow cell bed with the thin mattress. It was
covered with a rubber sheet to make cleaning easier. During the sleep the
person who was trapped in the cell would feel how it glued to the body. 

&nbsp;

She just has to be grateful she is offered a mattress.
If she complains we just remove it and let her sleep on the nice steel springs
and the connection rods between them. She has been located in a luxury cell
with bed and toilet. Later she will find out she cant
take this for granted. Lets chain her well. Its
important that she really feels she is in a prison cell and that any hope of
escape is out of the question. I think the best is to remove the steel band and
loosening the chain form the belt to the link chain for her feet shackles a
bit. We will have plenty of time to put her in tight chastity belts if we want
to. Right now I think it will do her good to feel the humiliation of being
stark naked in a dirty cell. Will you chain her collar to the chain running
from the ceiling? Make sure it is long enough to let her use the pail placed
just behind her headrest. This will give her some freedom to move but she will
still feel she is restrained. Mick asked Lex.

&nbsp;

OK but I think you are a bit too kind to her. She
really deserves to feel a chain cutting between her legs. I think it would be
perfect to adjust it almost like we have done with Mitchi and make every step
she takes and ordeal for her. Lex said.

&nbsp;

Just relax sweetheart. Believe me; we will have plenty
of time to make her suffer in the future. Right now I actually think that the
fact that our sweet slut Rose is trapped in a dirty cell will be more than
enough for her. Just wait and see. I bet that she will find it a bit degrading
to have to use the steel pail as her toilet. The pail has been locked to the
wall with a chain making it impossible for her to move it to a different place.
Its a safety precaution as well as she wont be able to
use it as a weapon against us. One more thing; we have to remove her hood. This
is an unmonitored cell and therefore we have to be sure she is safe. Im
always finished with the adjacent cell and then we have three monitored cells.
If we want to we can just move her to that cell later. I think it is too much
work to install the portable survey. Put this steel collar on her and chain her
hands to it with short link chains. I dont want her
to be able to caress her sore ass. But hurry up; its
very late and I want to go to sleep. Mick said.

&nbsp;

OK, OK, if you say so. If you really want to be kind
to her I accept it. Then I will just prepare and plan something exciting for
her. Lets leave her cell. I have made a bottle of water for
her. It is water but I have of course added laxative. I dont
want to have any problems with constipation. It wont
be a problem for her as she is sleeping beside her toilet. Do you take care of
adjusting the temperature in the cell making sure she wont
get the cold? Lex asked Mick

&nbsp;

I already have. We just need to switch the heating on
when we leave her. Maybe it will be a bit hotter than required but I think it
is better than risking she gets the cold. Now I really think we have completed.
Its late and time to sleep. This smelly slut doesnt
run anyplace. She will surely remain in her cell Mick said
and smiled and then they both left the cell. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

- Mick finds new interesting books in the dungeon -

&nbsp;

During Micks reading of
Jennifers diary he was wondering how she could possible know
all this old stories about how they really did in the old dungeon when it was
in active service. Sometimes she referred to old diaries she had read in the
dungeon but she never told much about them save for using what was told in her
own diary. One day exploring the rooms in the cellar he visited the relatively large
room which in accordance to Jennifers diary had
been used for the guards when they had a break. He had never explored it that
much as he found it more exciting to visit the cells as they all oozed of
discomfort and control. He really found it amazing how different they were
shaped and equipped. It was like each cell had been specially made for special
purposes. Both Mick and Lex found it extremely exciting as it made it possible
to make it more interesting
and exciting for their
sluts trapped in the dungeon. 

&nbsp;

Its nice that we are able to make it
an exciting experience to stay in the dungeon for our pets. They never need to
feel boring as we have a lot of nice cells and rooms to show them and a lot of
exciting equipment they are allowed to try Mistress
Lex used to tell Mick with a broad sadistic smile.

&nbsp;

She really is right. Sometimes I really have
difficulties to figure out the equipment is supposed to be used. Some of it is
so sophisticated that it is impossible to make it work without instructions. Its
not easy if you even cant figure out how you are supposed to
trap the victim into the device Mick thought and continued dreaming

&nbsp;

But the fact that it is so sophisticated makes it even
more exciting using it. Sometimes it actually doesnt
matter that much as it is still causing pain and discomfort even if it isnt
used as it is supposed to be used. Hey, what is that?
Mick asked loudly though he knew he was alone in the room. Behind dust and
cobwebs he noticed a row of small doors. He removed the cobwebs and dust from
some of the door. They all had small nameplates mounted. Mick opened one door
with the name Kathy and looked inside. It contained some old rusty cuffs, a
cup, a few plates, some books and other things. Mick paid attention to the books.
One was named Kathys logbook and Mick curiously opened
the book and started reading. The book seemed to be a kind of a diary telling
about what was going on in the dungeon as well as it had a number of pages with
schedules and tables. The tables contained data about treatment of the victims
as well as each pages ended up with summing the marks for the different ordeals
the victim seemed to have been put through. The last line told about the
training level for each victim. The table Mick was reading was data concerning
an inmate with number 25. It ended with the text No progress
at all. This slut needs special attention 

&nbsp;

Mick continued to some of the pages telling about each
day. Kathy had carefully written about the treatment of her victims. In the beginning
of the logbook she had written about how happy and grateful she was for being
accepted to be both guard and trainer in the secret dungeon. Until this
approval she had been living a poor life fighting for surviving each day but
now she really was happy. 

&nbsp;

What more can you wish? I have a place to stay, I can
live out my dark desires and I got even paid for it. I really am lucky that I
have been taught to write as that was important for being approved Kathy
had written on the first pages of her logbook. Mick continued to the
pages telling bout how she trained the sluts as she obviously called them.

&nbsp;

1st of February 1802.

The great Judge has rewarded me with a new slut.
Last week was a great week. The circle really had luck as 8 women had been sentenced
to death and stored in one large cell awaiting the sentence to be executed
within two months. All women succeeded escaping
from the large cell and disappear. Now they all were trapped in the dungeon and
four had already been put through the initial trial in the Courtroom of the
dungeon. It was quite an amount of inmates to the dungeon deep underground as
the number of inmates before this arrival was 24. I had been granted one of
these 24 for training and she had been mine for almost two months. She is in my
opinion almost through though she still needs some oral pleasure training. It
really will be nice to start all over again with a new untrained slut. The slut
has been stored in a solitary confinement cell for one week dressed
in a spiked steel chastity belt. I can imagine that she is desperately begging
for release from the belt. Its a
sophisticated constructed belt made for making the victim feel uncomfortable
while wearing it. The tiny spikes at the inner side of the curved crotch band
is rounded making sure they dont puncture
the sensitive skin but the constant pressure against the private place of the
slut makes it feel more and more painful the longer it is located. The first
couple of hours arent that bad
bud then it really begins and then it just continues irritating the cunt lips
and the entrance of the cunt until it is removed. 

&nbsp;

I think it is about time to visit
her. She has been kept isolated for one week now and her real training can
commence. She really is a lovely woman just perfect for a sadistic mistress
like me I was thinking really excited. She
had some special plans concerning how to really welcome
slut 100225 to her new life. 100255 was her old prison number. In the old
dungeon she would have a new number and the staff had numbered her slut 25. 

&nbsp;

I think it will do her good to see
what is expected of her. Slut 13 is in progress though she still has a lot to
learn. Faith has granted me as I actually was dreaming about one more in my
responsibility. Though slut 13 already has given me a lot of pleasure it will
be perfect to train two women as I will be able to make them compete from time
to time and I will be able to force them to progress faster if they see what
happens if they refuse. It is common known that the women are able to cross
borders if they see another victim suffer in a worse condition.
I thought dreaming again. She wore relatively thick panties but she could
already feel her juices wetting them though they could absorb quite an amount.

&nbsp;

Kathy as the woman was named wasnt
that old. She was 26 and had a well trimmed body. She had always been a shy
person almost afraid of strangers but in her fantasy she had always been in
control. She wasnt more than 13 years old before she
found out about her sadistic tendencies but she had kept it as her own secret.
It was pure luck that she had overheard a conversation about the circle and the
secret prison. She knew it was dangerous to mention it but she couldnt
help asked about a place in the staff as it reflected what she had always been
dreaming about. First she really was scared as they immediately busted her and
made her disappear for a few days. During these days they asked her a lot of
questions to make sure she wasnt just
spying and had planned to disclose the secret about the prison. They actually
threatened her that they easily could make her disappear with no trace at all
and they warned her that they would find out if she didnt
tell the truth. But finally she had succeeded making them believe that she
really was a sadistic woman just begging for a place in the circle. A that time
the circle didnt include more than two women. She
wasnt accepted for the inner circle yet but they had
accepted her as a prosecutor or defender during the trials. 

&nbsp;

Im
sure that slut 100225 still remembers her defender during her trial! I really
did a great job and I actually think my performance has made them realize that
Im just perfect for the job
I thought with a broad smile wile she approached the cell containing slut
100225 who now was numbered 13. She now wore a collar with the number engraved.
I unlocked the door for the cell and entered it. The poor woman inside was kept
I a condition that actually didnt needed the
door to be locked but it was a matter of safety. Right now she was kept under
double lock making escape totally out of the question. Even if the sluts
succeeded escaping their cells they were still trapped as both guards and
trainers entered the cell area through a heavy steel door separating the cell
area from the outer part of the dungeon.
Inmate 13 didnt seem to
notice the cell door had been opened. She seemed to be halfway sleeping but
fighting to be awake as sleeping wasnt preferable
in her condition. The poor woman was trapped in a tiny cage. Then one might ask
if sleeping isnt possible in a cage and the answer
is of course yes though tiny cages sometimes makes the muscles cramp the longer
the victim stays inside it. Slut 13 was suffering much more troubles inside her
cage. 

&nbsp;

Hello my worthless piece of meat,
how are you doing? Having a good time?
I asked enjoying the sight of the restrained woman in the cage. Inmate 13
really was suffering in her tiny cage. The height of the cage didnt
leave room for a person to fully stand but her restraints didnt
allow her anyway. Her legs had been locked to the bars of the cage making her
stand with legs widely spread. Her head had been locked into a steel head cage
with hole for feeding and her eyes free as well. The top ring of the head cage
was locked to the top of the cage with a short chain forcing her to stand in a
partly squatting position. But the worst part of her condition could be seen
between her legs as she was standing astride a wedge with slightly rounded
edge. The position of the wedge could be adjusted as desired and then it could
be locked in position. Right now her cunt was free of the wedge but the look at
her face told me it wouldnt last for
long before she had to give up and ride the sharp edge again. Her hands had
been chained to her steel collar making it impossible for her to relieve her
tired legs with her hands. I had adjusted the length of the chain from her head
cage so she partly was hanging by her head and partly riding the horse when she
had to give up and sit in order to relieve her tired legs. The fact that they
were spread widely apart both added to the discomfort as they begins to cramp
after some hours as well as it made sure she really was riding the horse when
she tried to rest her legs. If the legs are gathered it is possible to use the
loans squeezing the wedge during the ride and give her some relief. Furthermore
her waist belt had been locked to the wedge only giving her a few inches
freedom of movement up and down. The
color of her cunt clearly told me that she had been riding several times during
her stay in the cage. While I enjoyed her struggling she saw her cunt slowly
lowers towards the wedge and within a few minutes she was sure inmate 13 was
riding the horse again.

&nbsp;

Auuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhh, pleeeeeaaase,
pleaaaase take me down. I cant take more.
Im just so tired and sore between my legs!
She was screaming desperately. 

&nbsp;

Sorry my smelly pig but I cant.
I have planned to let you remain in the cage for at least twenty four hours and
you have only been in your cage for almost twelve hours. Its
just a part of your training. If you now what will happen if you are
disobedience it is easier for you to accept and carry put orders. Some women
find it difficult to lick the asshole of a man or a woman if it is ordered but
if they know the consequences if they refuse it are easier to realize that it
will be a stupid act. I told her
with a broad smile.

&nbsp;

Ill
do whatever you tell me but please take me down!
inmate 13 begged again.

&nbsp;

Now its
enough. If you continue begging I will double up your stay in the cage. But I
actually have planned to release you for a few minutes later if you promise to
be a good girl and enter the horse a quickly as possible when you are ordered
back in the cage. Do we have an agreement?
I asked her.

&nbsp;

Yeeess, aaauuuuuuhhhh, Ill
do anything to be free of this exhausting and painful position even if it only
is a few minutes. She answered me.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Mick stopped reading for a while and looked up from
the diary. He took place on a dusty
chair placed next to the table.

&nbsp;

Maybe this marvelous woman has been writing her diary
on this very place. I can almost feel her spirit in the room. I have to find
the cage she has described. It will be exciting to see it as well as I might
decide to put it into service again, who knows? Mick
thought and closed his eyes to live even more into the medieval environment he
was reading about. Then he continued the reading.

&nbsp;

Thats
my slut, smelly and worthless as you are. Your cage will be wheeled to a
different area and then you will get new orders. I expect them to be carried
out quickly without any complains otherwise I will make sure the next twelve
hours in the cage will be even worse! I warned
her. I had planned to use her for showing my new slut what obedience included
in the dungeon. Therefore it was important that slut 13 did as she was told
without asking any questions. I called for two guards to help me wheeling the
cage in position in front of my new pets
cell. Slut 13 complained a bit during the ride as the movement of her cage made
it difficult for her to avoid the sharp wedge between her legs. 

&nbsp;

In order to make me look as scaring as possible
I was dressed in my black leather dress and I the top of my head was hidden by
a medieval executioner hood with holes for the eyes. I had my favorite whip in
my right hand and the broad leather paddle hanging from the left side of my
belt. I placed a couple of torches in the slots located at each side of the
cell door and then I opened the heavy door for her cell. Though the torches didnt
light up the cell that much my new pet blinked in the sudden light as she had
spend most of the time in the last seven days in completely darkness. First she
couldnt see me but gradually her eyes got used to the
light and she looked scaring at the person standing in the door looking at her.
I took one of the torches and locked it into place in a slot located inside her
cell. The light made it easier to take a closer look. I remained silence for a
long time just looking at her. She didnt
dare to say anything and she decided just to look down at the floor.

&nbsp;

A clever girl! She is afraid that
too much looking at me will make me angry with her
I thought and then I decided to break silence. 

&nbsp;

What a stench you have produced
inside your cell! You are disgusting!! Even your belt has been soiled with your
own filth. Didnt they tell you to use the hole in
the floor for your filthy waste? I shouted
out. She remained silence as she didnt really
know what to answer. My embarrassing and degrading speech made her blush. 

&nbsp;

Answer me when I address you!
I shouted out even louder.

&nbsp;

Yes they did but it has been so dark
inside the cell. Its almost
impossible to find it and to avoid soiling myself. The painful chastity belt
doesnt make it easier to me!
she tried to explain.

&nbsp;

Nonsense! You have your hands free.
Sometimes I have been able to understand that sluts heavily restrained inside
the cell have difficulties but you have been free save for the neck collar and
the chain running from it to the wall. You have much to learn before Im
through with you! Let me introduce myself. My name is Kathy but for you I will
be Mistress Kathy or simply Mistress. Im
probably your worst nightmare. Im lesbian
and Im a sadist. A woman in the hand of a lesbian
sadistic woman will learn what pain and discomfort means as I know exactly
about the weak spots of a slave. Concerning slave I can inform you that this
will be your future employment. It will be quite easy for you as all you have
to do is to please me and the persons I allow to use you. From now on I totally
control you. I decide when you eat, when you piss, when you defecate, when you
sleep and when you are awake and most important of everything; I decide when
you suffer and feel discomfort. I expect you to be grateful no matter what I do
to you or what you are ordered to do! Have I made myself clear?
I asked her. 

&nbsp;

Slut 25 waited for a few seconds with answering
looking both scared and confused. I dont
think she really understood that her future employment
simply would be pain slut and slave. Then she obviously decided to remain
silence and she just nodded her head to show me she was with me or at leash
that she thought she had understood my pep talk for her.

&nbsp;

Good, very good. As you have no
experience being a slave I have prepared a little show for you and only for
you. Its like going to the theatre but this
show is for free. You dont have to
pay for the enjoyment. Isnt it
exciting? I asked her with a broad smile.

&nbsp;

Yes, I think it is exciting
she answered me still sounding scared like hell.

&nbsp;

Yes what? I didnt
exactly hear you. Tell me once again I shouted
out. First she looked a bit confused but then I could see something came to her
mind.

&nbsp;

Yes Mistress Kathy, I think it is
exciting she answered me with a trembling
voice oozing of fear. I couldnt help feel
excited as this was her first Mistress Kathy and I just loved when I was
addressed like that.

&nbsp;

That was much better. You have much
to earn before Im through with you and satisfied
I answered her.

&nbsp;

Guards, please wheel our
entertainment in position. I want her place just in front of the cell door but
against the opposite wall. I shouted
out. The creaking sounds of the wheels were heard and inmate 13 was wheeled in
position fronting my new pet. 

&nbsp;

This is one of your friends for the
future. She has been a bad girl because I have been and I still am disappointed
with her progress. Right now she is taught a lesson not to forget. She is
actually torturing herself as her own weight is her only enemy. She has to
fight her need to relieve her tired legs as it will mean pain a certain and
sensitive place in which no women want to be tortured at least not severely.
Some sluts actually love feeling pain this place but I have been lucky as this
isnt the fact with this inmate. She just wants so
badly to be free of the cage and the wedge. But she still has about twelve
hours left until I am satisfied with her concerning this part of her training.
I have decided to be kind and temporary fulfill her wish but only temporary.
After the show for you she will go back to her cage.
I briefed inmate 25 with a broad smile. I noticed from the look at her face
that she was about to realize that her isolation only was the beginning and
that it until now had been a vacation compared to what was in store for her.

&nbsp;

I walked to inmate 13s
cage and made some adjustments. I attached a longer chain to the top ring of
her head cage and unlocked it from the short support chain. Then I opened the
door and gave her my instructions.

&nbsp;

I want you to do the spider walking
for me. I will take place in the chair at the opposite side of the wall facing
my new pet. When you are ordered you will leave your cage as fast as possible
and crawl to me. Make sure your filthy cunt is exposed to me all time during
the walking and that you crawl with legs widely spread. You take position just
beside me sitting in the chair and you make sure your cunt remains high in the
air. Is that understood? I asked
her.

&nbsp;

Yes Mistress, I fully understand and
thank you for letting me temporary out of the cage.
The slut cleverly answered me. It pleased me a bit as she seemed to have
understood that I didnt want her
to fuck up right now. I took position in the chair and enjoyed inmate 13s
struggling to suppress her urgent wish to leave her exhausting position right
now. The door for her cage was fully open and she only needed to move her body
a few inches before she was free of the evil wedge, which already had caused
her a lot of pain and discomfort. Her body shined like a star of the sweat
covering her body. During the waiting time I played with the nice short
flexible whip with the short leather lash at the end. I made strokes in the air
enjoying the sounds it made and enjoyed the look at my new pets
face at each stroke in the air. Then I
decided it was time.

&nbsp;

Worthless slut 13, move your filthy
body to my place as ordered! I shouted
out loudly making my new pet jump in fear. Inmate 13 had no problems doing as
she was told. While enjoying her struggling to get out of the cage I had no
doubt she was exhausted and sore in her muscles. She took position and ordered
and slowly she started crawling towards me with her cunt and ass high in the
air. A woman crawling like that really feels humiliated and degraded. I enjoyed
it as well as I enjoyed the rattling of the steel chain against the floor.
Within a few minutes she was in position right beside the right side of my
chair as ordered. She just remained I position moving her body slightly to make
her exhausted muscles work again.

&nbsp;

Mick stopped for a moment again and considered finding
the cage and the cell before continuing. He walked around in the room for a
while and tried to imagine how it would have been to witness it for real. But
then he couldnt help smiling again.

&nbsp;

What the hell! We have three willing
sluts just waiting for the fun to begin. All I need is to choose what I want to
do with them or my sweet Mistress Lex and I just have to decide what to do and
then it will happen for real. The diaries actually only are a kind of users
manual to make it easier to figure out how to use all this exciting equipment
Mick though and he just couldnt help laughing loudly though he
knew he was alone. 

&nbsp;

Why are you laughing dear friend? I didnt
hear you say anything. Are you telling jokes to yourself?
Mick suddenly heard a voice ask him. He jumped and looked very surprised and
noticed that Lex was standing behind him. She had entered the room making no
noises. 

&nbsp;

Oh sweet Lex, you almost scared me. I didnt
hear you entering the room. I have found more interesting papers and then I
couldnt help laughing as I wished to be there when all this
took place but then I realized that we have three willing
slaves ready to do it all over again only for us Mick said
and laughed again. Let me continue the diary. Then I read it up loud for you.
Have a seat and enjoy the story.

&nbsp;

You see slave 25. This slut knows
how to do as ordered though she isnt even
halfway through the training I have planned for her. I will now show you what
obedience also means and with
this statement I aimed the whip and gave her the first stroke on her sore cunt
lips. She cried out loudly moving her hips from side to side but she cleverly
didnt lower her ass as she knew that well it only
would mean suffering even more pain and discomfort. I waited patiently until
she had absorbed the initial pain from the pussy whip and then I aimed the
second stroke.

&nbsp;

SWISH, the whip spoke its
merciless language in the air and the leather lash found the sensitive spot
between her legs again.

&nbsp;

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuhhhh,
eeeeeeeuu, aush, aush she
screamed out loudly briefing heavily and again moving her hips from side to
side. This time she lowered her hips slightly but she quickly regained position
like she hoped I didnt notice it.
I decided to ignore it and just continue the punishment. As it only was a
demonstration and not really training I decided to make it only six but very
hard strokes before I was satisfied. After the last stroke I could see she
really suffered. Her sore cunt lips had difficulties absorbing the sharp pain
from my pussy whip. I could feel my juices flow between my legs and I shortly
considered ordering her to lick my dirty unwashed cunt but I decided to wait.
This would be a job for my new pet later this evening or maybe first tomorrow.
I hadnt decided yet. Sometimes I got all the pleasure
I needed by doing it myself after having treated my willing
slaves. 

&nbsp;

I gave slave 13 a last not really hard stroke
with the whip and ordered her to enter her cage again. I called for the guards
to help her entering her cage again and to lock her into position again. While
she was crawling back I addressed my new pet again.

&nbsp;

Now you have seen how it is supposed
to be done. I guess you noticed that though it still is a novice slave she
really has learned a lot. I have so many ways to make a slave obey my orders
and she has already found out that any disobedience only will mean more
punishment and more humiliation, discomfort and pain. I now want you to expose
your smelly disgusting cunt like she did and then we will make a test with the
whip between your legs as well. I bet it is quite sore after the pain from the
spikes. I will now be kind and remove your belt and let your filthy cunt be
exposed for me I said while approaching her. I took the special key for the
belt and unlocked the broad spiked steel band from her waist belt. She really
looked relieved to be free of the evil spikes that constantly had caused her
pain and discomfort during the past days. 

&nbsp;

Ohhhhhhhhhh my sweet pet, your cunt
lips really seem to have enjoyed the spikes. They both are nicely red and
swollen but as Im kind it isnt
that bad. I have chosen the type with rounded spikes only causing pain but no
damage. But you really have soiled your cunt during the past days. It smells
awful of old piss and it looks dirty and disgusting. You will have to be more
careful with hygiene this place in the future. A slave is supposed to be clean
this place no matter how difficult it is for her.
I said and smiled at her while attaching a long chain running through a hole in
the wall to the back of her waist belt. Then I shackled her hands and feet with
shackles linked together with a relatively long link chain. Her hands were
cuffed behind her back. As she now was sitting on the cold floor of her cell
the link chain rested on the floor. Then I gave her the final instructions
while looking at her soiled body.

&nbsp;

OK, you are ready for the first part
of your training. The orders are simple. All you need is to crawl the spider
crawl heading toward my chair and take position at the right side of the chair.
Then you simply expose your filthy cunt for me and remain in position until I
give you new orders. I have chosen an easy beginning for you as you probably is
too stupid to understand more complicated orders. I know it might be
humiliating and degrading but that is just a part of the training. You will
expose your soiled smelly body for me and you will do as you are told. If you
fail I really think you will be sorry!
I instructed her and laughed loudly as I knew that well how she felt.

&nbsp;

And by the way, dont
get any stupid ideas trying to hit me or try to escape. The chain connected to
your waist belt is connected to a container with stones of a weight similarly
to the weight of your body. If you try anything stupid I just have to operate
the handle beside me and you will be dragged back to your cell by the chain. It
will be your own choice. You have seen the whip in action. I have different
kinds of whips for encouraging you to carry out my orders. And if you try to
threaten me or you do something stupid I simply operate the handle.
I told her with a broad smile at my face. She still looked a little rebellious
but the look at her face indicated that she was aware that trying to escape
right now wouldnt be good plan.

&nbsp;

I took position in the chair after moving it in
position as far away from my new pet as the chain connected to her waist belt
would allow her to crawl and in a position giving me a clear view of her crawling.
Then I ordered her to commence the crawling. My new pet got her torso free of
the ground and she actually seemed to have understood the importance of
exposing her cunt for me during the crawling. The link chains for her feet and
hands shackles made the crawling difficult and slower as inmate 13. I really
enjoyed the rattling sounds coming from the chains being dragged against the
floor. It just told me a slave totally controlled and in my mercy were
approaching me. Finally she was in position beside me at the right side of my
chair and I ordered her to turn around with her cunt in direction of her cell.
She still did as ordered but she had her ass a little low in my opinion.

&nbsp;

Expose your ass and cunt better than
that. You can do much better! I shouted out.
She quickly raised her cunt as far as she could as she probably had realized
that any disobedience would mean more punishment. 

&nbsp;

Well, it really looks nice. It is
red and swollen just as I like it to be. But my God how soiled and smelly it
is! You really have messed yourself. Im
happy I dont have to touch you with my bare
hands. The stench is almost gagging though my face is pretty far from it. I
really think the whipping will do you good and make you be more careful in the
future. Now remain in position while I whip you. Each time you fail and lower
you ass the stroke wont count.
Initially I have decided to reward you with 15 strokes. If your cunt is deeply
red after these 15 strokes I might be kind and order you back to your cell!
I said and aimed the whip to her private parts. I decided to give her three
quick strokes and then let her recover for a while.

&nbsp;

SWICH, SWICH, SWICH

&nbsp;

The sudden pain made her both jump and scream
like hell and her cunt and she frantically moved her ass moving sideward and up
and down while she tried to cope with the pain. I noticed that the first
strokes already had done her good and made her cunt lips a bit redder. She
cleverly tried to remain in position but she couldnt
help begging me to stop with these three strokes.

&nbsp;

Aaauuuuuu, please, please, not more..
I promise to be good and do as you wish. Im
just so sore between my legs after wearing the belt for that long. Please give
me a break! she begged me. I really love to
listen to slaves in a useless attempt of begging me to stop. It always makes me
feel hot and excited. Right now it would be nice to burry her face between my
legs but I decided to let her wait. 

&nbsp;

Dont
be a baby. Criminals deserve to be punished and a slave slut deserves even more
punishment. You will be able to take all 15 strokes. Just wait and see. Maybe
you will even ask me to give you a few more strokes, who knows?
I told her while laughing loudly while I aimed the whip again. I placed the
leather lash on her cunt almost caressing her with it and then I gave her
another stroke. I made sure that this one was a real stinger and her screams
clearly indicated that I had achieved my goal. Her body was cover with sweat,
which made her body looking even more soiled. The filth was mixed up with her
sweat and I noticed that some of it was running down her front torso in the
direction of her head. It just made her look even more messed up. I just
continued with the whipping while she became weaker and weaker and at stroke
number 13 she almost didnt scream any
longer. I guess she just hadnt more air
for screaming. It took her longer and longer to recover between each stroke. I
wanted her to be ready to each stroke. She had failed twice meaning at stroke
number 13 she actually already had got her 15 strokes but her fails were of
course rewarded with additional strokes.

&nbsp;

Now be a brave slave and take the
last strokes. Raise your filthy ass again and make sure it is in position!
I shouted out wile rubbing my clit with the left hand. It was just so enjoyable
to have her beside me in this position. At stroke number 15 she collapsed on
the floor lying and weeping like a child. 

&nbsp;

What are you doing? Have I granted
you permission? I better teach you a lesson!
I shouted out and dragged a chain running from the ceiling towards her. I
dragged it through the front ring of her belt and between her legs to the back
ring. Then I locked the link chains for her shackles to rings mounted I the
floor and walked to a handle located at the wall. By turning it the chain from
the ceiling were shortened up and slowly she was dragged in position again by
the crotch chain buried deeply in her cunt and with the cunt lips at each side
of it. I continued to turn until she had her ass high in the air almost not
able to touch the ground with hands or feet. Then I stopped.

&nbsp;

I think this will teach you a lesson
not to forget. I will leave you like this for some hours exposed for the guard
walking in the corridors. Maybe they even want to play with you!
I said and laughed again. Then I just left her in this stressful position as I
really had to go to my quarter and do something between my legs.

&nbsp;

Mick stopped reading and looked at Lex. She was
sitting with the same dreaming look at her face like Mick had done when Lex
arrived to the room.

&nbsp;

I think we are the luckiest peoples in the world. You
have been lucky buying a house with such an exciting history and you have found
the surroundings where it all took place. I have been lucky finding you and we
have both been lucky finding three willing
sluts who crave humiliation and pain. What more can a man or a woman wish?
Lex asked with a sexy luck at her face.

Ill tell you. We have done enough for
today. Lets make sure our sluts get enough for surviving until
tomorrow and then I think we need to have some fun in the bedroom
Mick said and gave Lex a relatively hard stroke on her ass with the bare hand.

&nbsp;

End of chapter six.

&nbsp;

A real life request for women only:

I promised to write more about my request for real. I
have always been dreaming about doing some of the ordeal explained in the story
for real. I know a lot of it is dangerous and that some of it has to be done in
a scaled down version if it is in real life. 

&nbsp;

Changes in my life have made it possible to have it
for real.

&nbsp;

If you are a submissive woman who would love to try
some of it for real and who would like to live with me as my 24/7/365
slave/submissive woman then please write me a letter telling me about your data
and desires as well as your personal life. 

&nbsp;

Im a 45 years old man and I would love to live
together with a woman who reflected my desires in a relation combining our
desires with the normal life including all what it takes concerning love, care,
understanding, safety etc.

&nbsp;

If it has your interest then please write to mickni3@gmail.com and we will find out if
it would work for real.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Mick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





