BDSM Library - Curious Country Girls




Curious Country Girls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two country girls get interested in Bondage and Mummification and finally get their chance to play.
Title: Curious Country Girls

By Enclosed Lady

Meg was a 18 y/old curious girl. She heard a lot about bondage but never did it,
she was from a  traditional religious family, and lived on a small town, a place
impossible to find a right  partner. She couldn't trust no one but her
imagination. Secretly she used to see magazines or  websites about bondage, a
very hard task to keep safe her fantasies.

Later that same year, a family from Ohio moved into her city and she met Lacy,
the new girl  with 20 years old. The friendship grew and both really began to
enjoy each other company.  They became such good friends, that Lacy after 2
months told Meg about her first sex experiences with an older girl, a dominant
woman. Meg's eyes opened wide when she heard the word 'Mistress',  right after
she asked about bondage and Lacy was glad they had one more thing in common,
both were  latex and bondage enthusiasts. Every week they talked about fetish
and wrapping techniques, until  one day both decided to practice, especially
because Lacy wanted to became a Mistress and Meg was  willing to be bound.

A day was set and both began to create a plan. Lacy's parents would travel back
to Ohio and Meg  told her parents she would sleep at Lacy's, so she wouldn't be
alone. The tough part was Meg to  get the products she ordered on internet to
finally complete her dream. She saved enough money  to buy the material to be
wrapped, plus the plugs and latex that Lacy already had. But then a  perfect
excuse came up: 'Lacy ordered a gift for her parents, and asked to be delivered
here  cuz it's surprise, her parents can't see it and you can't open the box,
after all is hers'.  Done. The box arrived and Meg hidded it until the combined
date.

Finally the day. Lacy's parents traveled in the afternoon and she called Meg to
join her, lucky  them, Meg's parents were called to a church meeting all day.
Now both girls had all afternoon  to plan the role play for the night. Meg
opened the box and unpacked 6 rolls of duct tape, 3  of shrink tape, 1 medium
gallon of liquid latex, a posture collar for herself and a dildo with  a new
rotation-vibration system, not enough for full penetration, but teasing. After
placing  everything in the table, she unpacked a very unusual gag. When
introduced in the mouth a  plastic mold would disable her tongue and teeth
movements, including her jaw. The gag had  straps on each side to buckle firmly
around the neck, would be quite impossible to move her  head. Meg was admiring
her 'toys' when Lacy called her to go downstairs to the basement.

Meg couldn't believe what Lacy prepared. There was four open boxes with
restrains, chains,  rolls of duct and saran tape, ropes and some different ball
gags. Meg got excited just looking  at that. "This is Heaven" she thought. In
the ground Lacy placed two sleep sacks and many  blankets to get comfortable.
"I'm going to dress my cat suit, while don't get your supplies  and then we
start?" Asked Lacy. Meg nodded and runned to get her BDSM material. When she
came  back, Lacy was fighting with her zip to close her tight shining black
suit. Meg helped her and  when ready, with boots and gloves, Lacy was a vision.
She looked a goddess of latex. Lacy loved  the idea of becoming a Mistress, her
first order then was Meg to undress so she could paint the  latex on her first
subbie.

So it was done. Meg undressed, a little ashamed and Lacy painted Meg's slim body
carefully and  tenderly. Before painting her head, to avoid contact with Meg's
short hair, a hood was placed,  just showing her face. Then she covered the hood
with the substance and wrapped her hands with  film tape, also painting it. Meg
remained quiet until the latex dry while Lacy chose. "I can't  open my hands.."
said Meg smiling at her body. "That's the idea and call me Mistress Lacy now 
sweety" smiled Lacy looking at her living art piece. "Now to the boots, let's
lace them up",  said Mistress Lacy to complete the 1st stage of wrapping. "Now
we're ready, you look like a  latex doll..."

Mistress Lacy told Meg to cross her arms over her chest, wrapping 3 layers of
saran tape over  her body until her neck. Right after the posture neck was
tightly placed and then the special  gag. The restrains were attached to the
posture collar and Meg couldn't move her jaw or neck.  To not waist time, Lacy
started the wrapping process getting the shrink tape and wrapping Meg's  arms,
chest, waist, shoulders. Right after, the drier was turned on to heat the tape
and Meg  felt the fitting around her.

But still, to continue, 2 items were missing and Mistress Lacy knew how to
psychologically make  her obey. "Now let me help sit here", said Lacy guiding
her subbie to the blankets. "You need  to trust me now, I want you to close your
eyes and relax, you need to control your breathing.."  So was done. While this
Lacy reached a bar spreader and locked quickly both Meg's ankles  "Mmmnn!?" was
her surprise. "if I'm going to be a Mistress and you a subbie, I must complete 
the process hun and that means...pleasure" ended Lacy softly stroking Meg's wet
center, teasing  her, making her whole body move with her. Meg now understood
what was happening...or not.

After some teasing Lacy stopped and opened a small hole in the latex skin
exposing her wet  center. Reaching another dildo, not the one Meg bought, she
pushed it into her pressing deeply  against her clint. "Mm..mmmpphh!"Meg moaned
reluctant, but her body fully accepted the strange  object, swallowing it.
Rolling Meg on her back gently, a similar hole was opened. This time Meg 
hmmm'ed several times, struggling. Helpless. Lacy watching her despair felt hot
and excited,  making her look for her own dildo. Instead she found Meg's new toy
deciding to use it. She  opened her cat suit, placing it and turning on. For a
while she moaned high, touching her own  body and twisting herself in pleasure.
Then she remembered she had work to do. Choosing a butt  plug she walked over
Meg's body still enjoying herself. "I hope you love this as much as I do",  said
Lacy with the oiled butt plug. She introduced it slowly, until it's base. To
secure then  in place, duct tape was wrapped tightly from her shoulders until
her butt, pushing the plugs  deeper into her. "Mm..mmmm..MMMPH!"

Now the fun. The spread bar was removed and Meg turned over to face Lacy once
again. "Angry?" asked the Mistress and Meg humm'ed furiously. "Oh no sweet
you're going to feel great soon".  Indeed it was about to happen, the dildo
placed into Meg worked by sensible reflexes, so as  soon as the butt plug sended
alleatory vibrations, Meg would twist or struggle and the dildo  would also
start. Lacy explained that to Meg that now was quiet as a statue. Lacy laughed
hard  "Isn't on yet dear, I've a remote see? After I push this button things get
interesting, so be a  good girl and get up so I can finish wrapping you"
commanded Lacy with a smile of satisfaction.  Meg stood up slowly and with some
difficulty and once again the wrapping started. First saran  wrap over and over
again, around her legs and then shrink tape. The same heating process was  done.
To finish, duct tape was wrapped, up and down, layer after layer. Meg looked
like a  silver mummy, after Lacy placed her once again in the ground.
"Excellent, from girl to toy.."  smiled Lacy, watching her creation. "But you
know is missing something..

Latex-glue!" yelled Lacy getting a gallon she had to cover her mummy. Meg was
puzzled and her  eyes opened wide seeing the gallon of glue Lacy had. "Oh dear!
We mistresses have our secrets.."  answered Lacy "..do you think just you have
all the fun? No, I want you all covered.."  continued Lacy spilling the stick
liquid all over Meg's form "..helpless and moaning" said her  turning the butt
plug on. Lacy was completely mad, doing that! Meg was freaking, she felt pain, 
panic and excitment with the susbstance all over her, she began to feel a sea of
orgasms. Her  body was jerking and moving in rhythm, shaking without control,
she was fighting for freedom  and satisfaction. Watching her friend, Lacy moaned
in excitment and a pulping pain began to  contract between her legs. She could
no longer hold her desire. To end her hunger, she entered  a self-bondage latex
shrink-bag she bought years ago. The bag had to be hitten, so the shrink 
process work. But after she zipped the bag, leaving only her head out of it, her
moving and  body hit activated the bag. Lacy started to feel encased, tighter
and tighter. Soon her full  body was covered by the bag, her stiff body wrapped,
sweat and hot. Just then, she realised she  had no way of scaping, her friend
attached to the ground with latex and she...as a decorative  mummy.

End. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Enclosed Lady


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





