BDSM Library - Hard Knobs and Broomsticks




Hard Knobs and Broomsticks
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A home has more to offer than you think.Copyright  Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 Another story by Pagan.   
   Hard Knobs and Broomsticks    
"That was a wonderful evening darling," the raven haired woman
      patted his knee as the car slowed for the bend, he snatched a quick glance
      at his wife, "Glad you liked it, nice to go some where different."   
She turned and looked at the two girls behind, one was
        more asleep then the other as she looked at them she smiled, "I think
      our girls had a great time?"   
One of them returned the look by forcing an angelic smile
      past a tired yawn, "Too much ice cream."   
The woman smiled a loving motherly smile back and returned to sitting
      comfortably in the plush seats of the Rolls Royce for the rest of the journey.   
"Seriously darling that was a lovely thought," she was
      all most cooing at him.   
He grinned at his success, "Just a little treat for my
        best girls and it was Lord Casper's day, what ever that is, still got
      to do it right now we are part of the community."   
The little voice piped up from behind, "But Casper's a
ghost."   
The woman didn't turn around, "No darling this Casper was
        a Lord back in the days when our home was his home and he banished of
        all the nasty people so it's a safe place to live and people like to
      remember that."   
The man added, "Well banish is a nice way of saying he
        put undesirables to death but what I can't understand is he then goes
        a jumps off the top of his burning house screaming like a mad man in
      full view of the villagers, all very strange."    
They both laughed before the car fell silent.   
Roland and Daphne Gaston had been married for 15 years. She was
      a rich daddies darling, the horses and holidays type of girl, beautiful
      but country fresh. Roland had been a partner in daddies firm, before it
      became Lawton and Gaston, a successful power broker in his own right and
      knew marrying the senior partners daughter was the right way to further
      the good things in life, Roland would do anything to be comfortable.   
The twins, Alicia and Dianne where spoilt little 12 year olds and
      going the same way as mother, live well, marry well, stay living well,
      the Lawton girl's motto.   
Living well they certainly were, a mansion that had been burnt
      down in the middle ages was now refurbished and their country estate. Ashcroft
      Hall was set in 23 acres of land, a small lake forced the long drive up
      to the main doors to curve, giving superb views of the hall and down in
      to the valley beyond, the very epitome of a rich mans home.   
As the Rolls Royce slid past the automatic gates the security
        lights illuminated the drive, Roland rolled his shoulders in to the leather
        seat, "Tell
      me your sister is not coming until tomorrow afternoon, let me sleep in,
      I'm bushed."   
Daphne yawned, "About 4, but there's still the girls to
      take to riding school."   
As he turned the wheel towards the garage he chuckled, "You
      know you could always take the little darlings."    
She straightened herself, "You just let us out here and
      put the car away, I'll talk to you later."   
Waking the girls Daphne ushered them in to the house; the car purred
      up the small ramp and stopped waiting for the doors to roll open, as soon
      as the latch hit the top the car slid in.   
Roland switched off and climbed out, stretching as he did, but
      he stopped, it had been a warm autumn evening but the garage was icy cold.   
He looked around, confused by the sound; it was like running water
      only faint, like the air was moving around him, the cold was making his
      head ache, his whole body shook, his breath was being taken from him, he
      watched the vapour as it rose from his mouth.   
Roland shook his head, trying to clear it, make sense of what was
      happening, he moved to the connecting door and staggered through. The warmth
      hit him; he sucked it in to his body as he lay against the corridor wall.   
Daphne was tucking the girls in bed; Roland went to the drinks
      cabinet and poured himself a large Brandy, downing it in one he felt the
      warm liquid revitalise his shaking body.   
He poured another and stood by the dieing embers of the
        fire, trying to capture any warmth. Daphne came in, "Not still drinking, you were near
      enough the limit when we left the Hemlock Restaurant, I think-----," she
      was cut off in mid sentence.   
Roland shuddered, "Damdest think, the garage was an ice
      box, I've never felt cold like it in my life."   
Daphne laughed, "That's an old one but I will find out
        if your lying, I've left my wrap, give me the keys and I'll get it out
      the car."   
She grabbed the keys and headed out and down to the car;
        with in two minutes she was back, her face ashen, "I think we have had
      enough to drink, lets go to bed."   
Roland looked quizzical, "Some thing wrong?"   
She shrugged her shoulders, "I don't know, I went in to the garage
      and I'm sure some thing grabbed my foot, when I looked down the floor seemed
      to be moving, I'll leave my wrap until the morning," as she left to go
      up stairs he heard her mutter, "Must be the drink."   
They slept deep that night; Daphne woke with just 45 minutes to
      get the girls ready for the riding school. Roland staggered up just as
      they were leaving. Three coffees later his mind went back to the garage.   
Still in his bed robe he walked down the corridor, he hesitated
      at the adjoining door, then, grumbling to himself not to be so paranoid,
      he pushed it open, the most revolting smell engulfed his nostrils.   
Still hung over from the night before he started to vomit, his
      body retching at the smell, he could taste the odour, he dropped to his
      knees clutching his stomach as he heaved at the smell.    
Though he felt awful Roland could hear something, a low rasping
      laugh, an echoing, evil sound that seemed to come from below him. He struggled
      to his feet, swaying as he did, he felt the floor move, he staggered back
      trying to find the wall for support.   
He suddenly thumped in to the wall, he put his hand to his face,
      the sweat covered his hands, it was then he felt something wined around
      his neck; it was as if the wall had hold of him.   
Roland put his hands behind his neck trying to grab at what ever
      was holding him, as he did the same slim tentacle like vines slid around
      his wrist's pulling them back almost welding them to the garage wall.   
As he struggled more vines seemed to grow from the wall, his knees
      and ankles then his waist were systematically pulled on to the bare wall,
      the effort and the smell made his head spin.   
He stopped struggling, his chest heaved as he gasped for breath;
      as he stood there immobilised the garage light flicked, then went dull,
      then suddenly burst in to white light before exploding in to a thousand
      pieces.   
The fear of what was happening gripped Roland, the silent helplessness
      and eerie light only heightened his sense of foreboding, he renewed his
      futile struggle for freedom until it was cut short by the return of the
      rasping laugh.   
He stopped, his eyes darted around the garage, the light from the
      small window the only illumination; it was enough to see that the centre
      of the floor was moving. A round brown like puddle was rippling, its centre
      starting to lift, starting to form a shape. Soon it was at least four feet
      high and becoming human.   
Roland strained and pulled but he was held fast. The thing in front
      of him grew another six or seven inches then started to materialize. He
      could see it was a female form, he could see it was the back, it was stooped,
      it seemed to be covered in a black shroud, the long mattered hair hung
      in filthy, greasy clumps, it slowly turned.   
The word hag was polite compared to the abomination that Roland's
      eyes beheld. The bent figure looked at him, the foul almost toothless mouth
      grinned, the grotesque face was covered in weeping sores, thankfully the
      mattered hair covered the sides but it was obvious to any living creature
      that this was evil.    
Roland tore his eyes away from the hideous face only to look at
      the ground, tentacles writhed around her feet, and to Roland's amazement
      some of them looked to be in the shape of a thick long penis.   
&nbsp;    
She moved closer, Roland couldn't see her walk, it was
        a though she glided, she was now close enough for the odour of her breath
      to attack his sense's. Her head cocked to one side, "Ye a kin to Casper?"   
Shocked by hearing it speak, Roland could only shake his
      head as she carried on, "Ye know of Casper?"   
His head still shook, "Then why ye at this abode, ye taken
      it for thine own?"   
Struggling to speak Roland choked, "It's our house now
      and Casper died years ago, now let me go, get these things off me."   
She cackled the same rasping laugh Roland had heard before, "Correction,
      thy are not the master of this house, this house is its own master and
      tis I who allow it and its inhabitants freedom."   
Roland struggled to make sense of what she was saying, "I,
      I mean we, my family inhabit this house and I will have you banished."   
Her face broke in to insane delirium, spit from her mouth
        joined her cackling laugh, "Ye banish me, ye have no power or ye would have destroyed
      that what holds you, no ye have nothing to come between me and my pets
      or this house," her blood-shot eye stared at him, "Or their pleasures."   
Roland echoed the word, "Pleasures?"   
Her head cocked again as she smiled, "Oh ye know of such pleasures
      of the flesh," Roland couldn't help but notice the cock shaped tentacles
      as they seemed to grow and move against her leg but his mind was brought
      back to her as her next words filled him with fear, "This house reeks of
      virgin pleasures and for my pets to continue they need their fulfilment."   
Roland screamed at her, "You leave my fam------!!!." One
        of the tentacles around his throat broke loose and thrust itself in to
        his protesting mouth, then it grew, getting fatter, he tried to push
        it out with his tongue; as his tongue touched it he realized he was licking
      a male penis and it continued filling his mouth.   
Her stare grew intense, "Thou say nothing more to me, I
        take what is needed and so will the house, ye have trespassed, ye have
      resurrected what was not yours, now you and yours will pay."   
He stood there helpless, he could neither move or speak, he could
      not bite the thing in his mouth, it was solid and would not budge but what
      was worse was that although the meat at his teeth did not move the tip
      inside his mouth pumped at his throat, the fat knob end exciting itself
      on the roof of his mouth, to his horror he realized he was being face fucked.    
His cheeks blow in and out as the piston in his mouth worked
        to relieve itself; she gloated at his stupidity, "I will take myself
        to view the house, feeling its pulse is of little value, but to see what
        ye have done, will be pleasurable indeed, maybe mine eye will fall upon
      the lake where so many did loose their breath to the sadistic Casper."    
She seemed to float out of the garage. Roland had stopped fighting
      to free himself it was now a matter of breathing as the cock in his mouth
      worked down his throat.   
It seemed to have no intention of cuming it just kept thrusting,
      sometimes fast, sometimes slow all the time just letting him have enough
      air to sustain life, some how he knew that at any time it could continue
      its thrust all the way down his throat and in to him.   
Suddenly she was in front of him again, "I know not of
        what carriage doth appear but we have company, a fine lady and two off
      spring, I feel the two we have spoken of are in the walls again."   
Roland felt the vines bind tighter, all made muffled cries
        as he heard Daphne, her voice drifting down the corridor, "No you two
        get up stairs and get in the bath, you are filthy, I'm going to change
      and find daddy, now off you go."   
She grinned at Roland, "mmmmm the smell, virgins, my pets, virgins." As
      she spoke so the floor around them moved, pulsated, forms started to appear,
      Roland cast his eyes around.   
Six or eight shapes seemed to manifest themselves, they were thin,
      bony, nothing more than skeletons with a thin brownish skin like cover.
      Their hands long, their fingers more like sharp talons; as they rose from
      the floor their legs were more animal than human, bent like a dogs back
      legs, their crotch had three or four tentacles and Roland could see they
      were penis shaped.   
The whole room seemed to writhe in long vine like cocks, not only
      from the things but even from the floor and walls, the garage was alive
      and Roland groaned as he realized so was the entire house.   
Suddenly he felt the thing in his mouth spurt, first a little then
      more juice filled his mouth, it tasted foul and it was going in to his
      stomach, pumping and pumping until his body felt it was drowning and he
      blacked out.   
Daphne voice woke him, he could hear her calling, "Roland, Roland,
      where are you, you lazy, idle good for nothing, Amanda will be here at
      five, oh come on where are you?" the hags grin grew wide fully showing
      her foul caverness mouth.   
Her stinking breath engulfed Roland, "Aaaahhh the lady of the house
      doth approach," her head turned down to the creatures, "Shall we see what
      she has to offer that will quench thou passion."   
Roland's futile movements didn't warrant her attention
        as she listened to the voice, getting, closer and closer, "Roland are
      you messing in that garage, and what's that awful smell?"   
Daphne turned in to the garage, a tentacle stifled the little shriek
      as it quickly wrapped itself around her waist and squeezed the air from
      her. Then one from the floor entwined her ankle's pulling them quickly
      together. One of her hands went to her waist the other to her mouth, both
      were grabbed by a creature as another tentacle came from the wall and wrapped
      itself around her neck choking out any chance of her screaming.   
"uuuuggghhh, can you smell that?" Alicia put the scented
        sponge to her nose, letting the rose scented water run down over her
      small, perfectly formed breasts.   
Diana pointed her cute button nose up and sniffed, "It's coming
      from down stairs, maybe mummy has burnt the lunch," they both laughed.   
Alicia shivered, "The bath waters getting cold, what do
      you want to do, put more hot in or shall we get out?"   
Alicia put her hand over the bath edge and grabbed for the towel;
      her little hand fumbled to get the crumpled middle so she could pick it
      up, something felt hard, she squeezed at the bump.   
As she pulled at the towel the bump seemed to come up in her hand,
      she carried on pulling. She stood, she went to wrap the towel around herself,
      something long and hard slapped against her body.   
Diana squealed and pointed, trailing from the towel to the floor
      was a long brown tentacle and it was moving.   
Startled by her sisters squeal Alicia dropped the towel in to the
      bath, the brown tentacle slid up over her breast, then moved under her
      arm and around her neck, pulling her side ways making her topple over the
      edge of the bath and on to the floor.   
Diana clutched the soaking towel to her chest trying to hide her
      young nude body, pushing herself in to the corner of the bath, she was
      looking for safety but her eyes were still glued to the floor, it was moving,
      things were appearing, long tentacles writhed upward entangling her naked
      sister.    
Alicia shook her head as a cock shaped tentacle pushed at her lips;
      her arms were being pulled flat to the floor as more tentacles started
      to encircle her knees, thighs, and ankles, another wound around her waist
      the end dribbled its sticky juice over her naked body, slipping up and
      touching her nipple.   
Diana took a breath and screamed.   
Daphne shook her head, choking out a cry as she heard her
        daughter's scream. The hags bony finger reached out and scrapped a nail
        over the silk of Daphne's house coat following the curve of her left
        breast, "Twould
      seem as if the house has awoke to the smell of virgin," the nail flicked
      at the indentation of the nipple, "Would nia do for the blood to be broken
      before the hour of ten."   
&nbsp;    
Her face looked inquisitively at Roland and Daphne, "Ye
        do know that ten is the hour, four hundred years ago to the day that
        Casper died, the young virgin blood will protect all here from ye mortals,
        the house will be us, and we will take our pleasures for another hundred
      years."   
Another shrill came from upstairs, she looked at Roland,
        the cock like tentacle still filled his mouth, "And I will be beautiful again, you
      will not resist me," she turned back to Daphne, "He will not have to worry
      about you, my imps will look after you, now to cast a view upon the virgins."   
She slowly rose and started to glide from the room, her
        bony finger traced across Daphne face, as she looked at the writhing
        creatures, "Why
      not play with the mistress my pets, your cocks look full and she looks
      empty."   
Daphne could only squeal as the hag left her to her fate.   
Roland resumed his futile struggle but all he could do was watch
      as one of the imps holding his wife put his face close to hers, sniffed
      at her then licked the side of her face.   
The other one closed his talon like fingers over the crimson silk
      and squeezed her left breast.   
The one licking her face let his hand drop, his arms being overly
      long had no problem touching her knee and slowly he gathered the material,
      pulling the housecoat up, revealing Daphne's long slender naked legs.   
As more and more of her leg showed Roland saw two cock shaped tentacles,
      they rose from the floor and started to snake their way up both limbs.   
Roland struggled, he felt so helpless as his wife's terrified eyes
      pleaded at him for help, his struggling suddenly stopped, his eyes flew
      open as he felt something long and slimy crawling under his robe and up
      the back of his leg.   
Diana had stopped her squealing, a long thin tentacle had slid
      up the back of the bath and wrapped itself many times around her face covering
      her eyes and mouth, her little hands searched behind he head trying to
      pull herself free.   
Diana struggled, her nakedness forgotten in her attempts to get
      loose but other thin tentacles slid over the bath edge, encircling her
      body, two wound themselves around her breasts, pulsating as they squeezed
      the young flesh, the tips tickling at the pink nipples.   
Now her wrist's had been captured, they were pulled painfully back
      while other tentacles had slid in to the bath, Diana's knees had been pulled
      wide apart and thin tapered vines were under the water pushing between
      her arse cheeks searching out the pink slightly puckered hole whilst others
      darted in and around her young virgin cunt.    
Alicia laid on the floor in the same prone position, her arms held
      firmly to the floor, tentacles on her ankles, knees and thighs holding
      her legs wide open while others played around her arse and cunt. Little
      vine like fingers squeezed and mauled her young breasts; she wanted to
      scream at them but the tentacle that had been pushing at her lips had worked
      itself inside her mouth, it had grown fat, plugging her mouth, painfully
      stretching it wide, keeping it open she could do nothing to stop the end
      as it started pumping at her throat.   
The hag appeared at the door, "Well my pets you doth take
        pleasure with our young virgins, but not to break the blood, now is not
        the time, but as you seem to have them at your mercy, take them, but
        only relieve your pleasure's by fucking their other holes, I promise
      you may take the rest after the ceremony.   
As she left, she watched an imp materialize from the bathroom floor,
      he slavered and gloated over the two helpless twelve year olds, two long
      cocks swayed from his crotch but she wanted to reacquaint herself with
      the rest of the building and she must reopen the cellar, she must unlock
      the secret door, she knew where Casper's treasure was.   
Daphne and Roland were continuing their fight for freedom but only
      achieving exhaustion. The imps playing with the helpless Daphne had past
      her wrists behind her, vines had encircled them pulling them tight, completely
      covering her wrists, arms and elbows.   
The two of them had ripped the silk covering her breasts and exposed
      her large firm tits to their long tongues. The rest of the housecoat had
      slightly parted, Roland could see her inner thighs up to the V of her crotch,
      he could also see the vine that had held her legs had split in two and
      was now forcing her legs to part. He couldn't help but watch as the two
      snake like vines slowly wound around her parted legs moving further and
      further up towards that V.   
Daphne moaned from behind her clenched teeth. Vines were entwining
      into her hair pulling her head back as other thin vines pushed between
      her lips looking for away in to her mouth, all the time sharp nails pressed
      in to her tits, tongues licked at her nipples and slavering mouth sucked
      the teats up.   
Roland's cheeks blew out, a moan gurgled past the thing in his
      mouth making it jump, it moved but all he could feel was something long
      and fat touching his arse.   
Other vines encircled his knees pulling them apart, the long hard
      cock shape tentacle pushed between his arse cheeks, as the cock in his
      mouth started to pump again so the one between his arse cheeks found his
      entrance.   
The vine shrank, it was almost a tickling sensation as it wriggled
      up in to his passage, then it started to fatten again, it got thicker filling
      his anal passage then, just like the one in his mouth it started to pump,
      he closed his eyes shutting out Daphne's plight as the pain of his doubled
      ended rape racked his body.   
The bathroom was filled with the pathetic moans of two young girls.   
Alicia was bent over the bathroom chair, her slim waist pressed
      on the hard chair back; her ankles and knees fastened wide open to the
      back legs. Her wrists bound to the top of the front legs. Long strands
      of vine went from either side of the back staves, entangled in her hair,
      holding her head up and back.   
Three long tentacle cocks waved in her face, one was already buried
      deep in her mouth, pumping at her throat, the other two waving around,
      just waiting for their turn to fuck the young girls mouth. Behind her three
      more moved, two spreading their sticky juice over her thighs and arse cheeks
      as they ran over her soft skin waiting to take the place of the third thick
      cock, which was deeply fucking her up inside her bowels.   
Diana was on her hands and knees, vines held her lower legs to
      the floor, the same held her wrist's but the imp held her body up. He was
      behind her, one of his long cocks raped in and out of her arse, his finger
      held the lovely mass of dark hair, pulling the head up.   
As he fucked her tight young arse hard all she could do was aammmpphhh
      as her mouth was filled with a tentacle cock and, like her sister, two
      others were waving in front of her face waiting to use her.   
Downstairs Daphne struggled; the two imps were now biting her nipples,
      pulling them out with their teeth. Her legs were now open and the two snake
      like tentacles were sliding all over her thin silk panties, pushing at
      the corners of the material as they forced themselves inside.   
An imp bit hard, Daphne couldn't help but scream, the second her
      mouth opened the two thin vines grew, filling her mouth stopping it from
      closing. The end of each vine turned in to a cock head and began to take
      it in turns to investigate Daphne's throat.    
Roland hung like a rag doll from the wall as the two cocks pumped
      themselves in to him, as his arse hole got used to the cock inside it,
      so the fat end grew, giving itself maximum pleasurable tightness. All Roland
      could do was moan pitifully around the fat cock fucking his mouth, his
      eyes forced to watch the tentacle rape of his beautiful wife.   
He could only stare over the top of the brown cock in his mouth
      at her, he could see her slender throat, the deep pulsating ridge going
      down and back and he knew both the cocks in her mouth were relieving themselves
      down her.   
The imps had pulled the two halves of material away from her spread
      thighs, Roland could see the long cock like tentacles as the moved around
      inside her panties. One found her arsehole and pushed deep in to her, her
      hips tried to escape the thrusting end but all she achieved was to push
      a little forward allowing the other cock end to burrow up in to her cunt.   
Roland stared at his wife, the four tentacles pumping in to her,
      writhing as they fucked her, her breast covered in bite marks and the two
      imps standing stroking their own fat long cocks waiting to be next to abuse
      her.    
Diana hung like a naked star; she was hanging upside down against
      the bathroom wall, her breast flattened against the wall, her arms and
      legs held wide, her whole body supported by thick vines around her waist;
      little vines slid from the thicker ones entangling themselves in her hair
      holding her head away from the wall making her look at the writhing floor.   
&nbsp;    
Long tentacle cocks rose up around her face, prodding her little
      rosy cheeks, rosy cheeks that now blew in and out as a cock fucked her
      mouth for the forth time. Long tentacles rose from the floor and arched
      over, one of the disappeared between her arse cheeks as the sixth of her
      arse rapes continued.   
Alicia sat on the imps cock, her dazed body faced away from him;
      her long legs daggled lifeless either side, she was held tight; his thin
      long arms wrapped around her naked body as he humped her up and down his
      length, the foul tongue licking her neck as its fingers enjoyed her firm
      pliable tits.   
Her face stared forward, her head unable to move, her mouth impaled
      on a thick tentacle cock, her eyes blinked at the other cocks waving in
      her face, their long lengths full of foul sticky juice just waiting to
      be pumped in to the pretty girls mouth.   
Daphne fought to breath past the two lengths of meat fucking her
      mouth, she could do nothing to stop the rhythmic pulsating thrust that
      her arse and cunt were being subjected to, she had enough mind left to
      realize she had to live through this and probably many more vicious rape's,
      as far as she knew her daughters were alive.    
Suddenly her whole body received a torrent of sticky foul juice
      as each tentacle ejaculated at the same time, pumping her full of their
      filth, then they shrank away. She hung against the wall, her body convulsed
      as she coughed and spat out what little had not gone in to her stomach.   
The two imps moved forward, bony fingers attacked her swollen cunt,
      their head turning, their faces grinning at the helpless beautiful woman
      making sure she could see their cocks as they grew fatter in their hands.   
Daphne was jolted, prodded, propelled in different directions,
      the vines moved her; she squealed and groaned. The vines deliberately hung
      her for a few seconds in front of Roland, allowing her to see the continues
      fucking his mouth and arse were getting before she was moved, swung and
      positioned again.   
Her knees ached on the cold floor, her ankles and knees held to
      the floor leaving her legs wide and her arse and cunt vulnerable. Her arms
      held out wide, she couldn't stand or lay, and most of all she couldn't
      protect herself, her head hung, she was defenceless and she didn't want
      to look at the approaching imp.   
The imp behind her slid his cock in to the gapping cunt, ramming
      it in to the hilt; the one in front grabbed her hair and dragged her head
      up, thrusting his cock at her mouth; his talon like fingers gripped hard,
      she couldn't stop her mouth opening and allowing this foul creature to
      violate her throat.   
Still the exhausting rape of Roland continued, nether cocks seemed
      to be ready to fill him and all he could do was hang on the wall as he
      watched the two imps fuck his wife's cunt and mouth while their long arms
      easily found her tits and pulled and twisted, with out mercy, at her enlarged
      nipples.   
Both imps fucked Daphne hard, their long cocks easily filled her
      cunt, the long length hammered in to her cervix bone, the thick meat filled
      her, her cunt was totally filled as was her mouth.   
The cock smashed in to her throat, she could do nothing to stop
      it sliding in to her gullet, just releasing enough for her to catch breath.   
Roland stared at the cock driving in to her cunt; a sack began
      to appear, it wasn't at the imps crotch but Roland new what it was, the
      thing was going to seed her.   
With out a sound they both came, white sticky juice smeared all
      over the cock fucking her cunt, Roland could see it leaking out of her.
      At the same time she was chocking, the imp pulled out of her mouth and
      she shook her head, strings of white goo flew left and right before splattering
      on to the floor.   
The hag appeared at the door, "See thou have fun with the
        lady of the house, fine woman, she should be good for breeding and I
      sense another approacheth."   
Before Daphne could scream a warning vines filled her again. Still
      trapped in the position the imps had left her in tentacles wriggled up
      under her, one wrapped around her throat and squeezed tightly, her mouth
      opened allowing another cock shaped tentacle the pleasure of her throat.    
Two more writhed behind her, poking at her arse and cunt pushing
      the cheeks open and touching her hole or slipping between the folds of
      her cunt lips before both drove up in to her, in unison the three brown
      lengths started pumping, preparing to dump their filth in to the helpless
      woman.    
Amanda paid off the taxi and strode up in to the porch; the door
      opened before she got there;   
She stepped in and called, as she moved to the bottom of the elaborate
      staircase the door shut behind her and locked.   
She looked around passing comment aloud as she did, "Fancy
      security system, hello kids were are you?"   
Alicia and Diana had been moved in to their bedroom, each naked
      girl lay on a bed. The once pretty pink and lace twin bedroom was now a
      mass of writhing tentacle cocks with the imp standing above.   
He stood lording over them, tentacles had driven up through the
      beds and were now holding the girls limbs wide and secure.    
He watched as tentacle cock after tentacle cock fucked the available
      mouths and arse's; he watched as little thin vines looped around their
      firm young breasts squeezing the base forcing them to fill out, extending
      the pert young nipple.   
Even thinner vines captured the nipple and pulled at them, the
      girls tried to moan past the invading cocks but the long lengths of meat
      wouldn't stop, they carried on continually fucking their pretty faces.   
Amada went back to the door, her intention was to ring the bell,
      and try and get some attention but the door stayed shut, she swore under
      her breath as she headed for the kitchen.   
Daphne heard the kitchen door slam, Amanda's voice echoed
      down the corridor, "Hell Daphne where are you, this is not funny?"   
Daphne could do nothing, the vines that held her tightened their
      grip, stretching her arms almost to breaking point, the two tentacle cocks
      behind her pumped hard fucking her arse and cunt at a furious rate while
      the one fucking he mouth slid deeper in to her throat.    
The two imps stood beside the hag, she grinned at Roland
        as she watched the cocks fucking him change and two others carry on the
        assault on his arse and mouth then in her rasping voice she announced
        to the helpless couple, "Don't ye worry about her, there will be more
      of my pets waiting for her, and she will be entertained."   
Amanda stomped around the empty kitchen, "Where the bloody
      hell are they, the least they could do was be here when I arrived."   
She moved to the end of the long wooden farmhouse table and slammed
      her hands flat down on it; at that moment vines encircled the wooden legs.   
Some of the vines nearest to Amanda's legs slid from the table
      legs and crawled across the floor. Slowly they crawled over her high-heeled
      boots and started the journey up, wrapping the leather tightly to her leg.   
At the same time tentacles rose up under the table, sliding up
      and over before fastening themselves to her wrist's. Her legs were pulled
      apart, they were being dragged to the table legs; she squealed and fought
      as she fell forward; the tentacles pulling her further across the table.
      Other tentacles slid over the end of the table, crawling and writhing towards
      the screaming mouth.   
Two imps, each with two long cocks swaying from their crotch, materialized
      from the floor, their wet slavering mouths grinning at the struggling shouting
      woman.   
Shouting was something Amanda did wrong, with her mouth open one
      of the tentacles sliding towards her reared up and drove itself in to the
      protesting mouth, it instantly thickened, sealing her squeals inside her.   
Now silenced Amanda could only look in horror as the other tentacles
      writhed in front of her face, for the first time she had noticed they were
      all thick veined cocks, sticky juice dribbled from their ends.   
She fought to free her arms but not only were they now dragged
      fully up the table they were also fastened to the sides. Her ankles were
      being secured to the table legs, her skirt now stretched across her thighs,
      she was fully bent over the table the crotch of her pink panties clearly
      visible.   
The imps moved either side of her, her head shook but more vines
      crawled from the sides of the table and tangled in to her hair, then retreated
      dragging her hair taught until she couldn't move.   
The imps bent and licked at the terrified face before moving behind
      her; they both bent and sniffed at the indentation in her pink panties,
      their long tongues flicking out to lick at the material or move over the
      naked thighs.   
The elder imp stood, he pushed his talon like fingers in to the
      side of Amanda's pants and ripped the thin cotton away, both his cocks
      swayed and moved towards the defenceless holes. Amanda wriggled her arse
      only to have more vines encircle her knees and pull them painfully to the
      table legs, her skirt ripped, the material parting all the way over her
      naked buttocks, the imp dug his fingers in to both her buttocks and dragged
      them done leaving long scratch marks on the pale round skin.    
He moved forward both cock heads pushed in to their respective
      holes, then he shoved, forcing his hips at the prone woman until both holes
      opened to the intruding meat.   
The imp fucked her hard, slapping her buttocks as he did. Amanda
      had her first taste of foul juice in her mouth and was now being forced
      to take another.   
The imp's cock grew a sack, it was now ready to fill her, no sooner
      had he finished with her than the other took his place, fucking and buggering
      her until he also seeded her.   
As they stood away from her so the tentacle in her mouth filled
      her throat; she chocked and almost passed out that was the signal for the
      imps to pounce on her, ripping her cloths off her body before turning her
      on her back. Her arms were immediately dragged back and secured to the
      legs. Her arse was still on the edge of the table and her ankles held firm.   
All around the farmhouse table tentacles and vines seethed; vines
      straggled her breasts forcing them in to large balloon shapes, the nipples
      now long were wound in thinner vines that pulled them in all directions.
      Tentacle cocks rammed hard in and out of her arse and cunt while others
      arched from the floor down, pushing in to her mouth.    
&nbsp;    
In the garage Roland hung unconscious from the wall, the cocks
      still fucking him. Daphne was also naked, while still in the knelt crucified
      position long vines rose from the floor and looped around her breasts pulling
      them tight, cutting off the blood until they were fat and turning a pale
      shade of blue, her nipples, like those of her sisters being pulled in obscene
      angles.   
A two-cocked imp was behind her, both his cocks fucking
        her while his long arms held her head back; bent, with her legs open
        in front of Daphne was the hag, her skirt split up the middle, her legs
        wide and her crusted filthy cunt on the end of Daphne's lapping tongue, "That's
        it mistress of the house, you will please me if ye wish to be reunited
      with your siblings."   
Upstairs the two twins lay on their beds, still naked but nothing
      was happening to them, the hour was getting close; they must be ready for
      their ceremony and what they were offering.   
The three family members lay exhausted on the floor of the girl's
      twin room; the four imps stood over them as the hag stood between the beds.   
Diana and Alicia lay naked on their beds, their arms held above
      their heads, their legs held wide as the hag watched the clock move towards
      ten.   
One minute too go. The hags tongue grew from her mouth, like a
      long red tentacle it slavered over Alicia's thighs, then it slid over the
      smooth skin moving between her legs before tickling up in to the virgin
      hole, it waited until the first stroke of ten sounded. The tongue drove
      up, a pathetic squeal from Alicia meant she was no longer a girl, the tongue
      pulsated and fattened as it feasted on the virgin juice. The fifth struck
      as her tongue left Alicia's cunt and snaked across to do the same to Diana's
      virgin hole; as the final strike sounded the virgin juice from both girls
      was soaking in to the hags tongue.    
The cellar door was locked, the secret safe again, the dim light
      in the middle of the room illuminated the round walls; hanging around them
      were four naked female figures, two taller then the other two.   
Their limbs held firmly to the wall; imps danced mockingly around,
      the long bony fingers prodding the two taller females on their fat bellies
      while tentacles writhed around them.   
All that could be heard was the gulping sound of mouths swallowing
      tentacle cocks and the occasional groan as a cock would leave a cunt or
      an arse only for another to take its place; vines wound over the naked
      bodies pulling and distorting sore swollen nipples.   
 Alicia and Diana hung against the wall staring at their mother
      while their young mouths sucked in another load of foul juice, two other
      imps used the long cocks to tickle them between their legs both girls knew
      that now the imps could fuck them their time to be breeding vassals would
      be coming soon.    
Roland answered the phone, "Still no news, well she left
        her three months ago, yes all of them, the police could find nothing,--------yes
      it was my fault, Daphne found out I had another woman,--------her sister
      just up and took them---------most of their clothes are still here, but---------yes
      alright------no I don't need anything, --------- I have plenty, ------no
      I'm not with him, couldn't, with her being his daughter,------no I don't
      have to work anymore------my partner has more money than me------bye, and
      thanks for worrying, but I have a little treasure."   
Roland returned to the fire and Esmarelder, "Come sit my master,
      I will pleasure you." Roland gazed at the perfect beautiful woman, her
      breasts heaved large under the soft silk gown, her naked legs showed long
      and shapely between the thigh long slit, Roland sat.   
Her hand reached over and pulled his cock out from his robe, her
      tongue slipped from her mouth and snaked the full length of his body before
      it tickled the end of his cock, Roland lay back in the chair, took his
      brandy from the table and opened his legs; the soft smooth tongue slid
      below, licking like a suckling pig on to his balls, he was comfortable.   
 Pagan. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





