BDSM Library - The Dream




The Dream
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is kidnapped, while on vacation...by the man of her dreams.Chapter One  
 I dreamt about you last night.... I had gone someplace for a long weekend...a
  mini-vacation of sorts...to be alone for a few days. While I was leaving the
  airport, to get into my rental car, you walked up behind me and said, very
  quietly, &quot;Don't turn around...don't make a sound...do exactly as I say,
  and you won't be hurt, little one.&quot; That last phrase.... calling me little
  one...told me exactly who it was, so I wouldn't be terrified....and sent a
  thrill through my entire body, settling tight in my clit.  
 We walked to my car, me slightly ahead of you, and you holding my left elbow
  tight in your grip. There would be no getting away from you, and I knew this.
  When we got to my car, I put my bag in the trunk, and walked to the driver's
  door. As I put the key in the lock, you stopped me. &quot;No...you won't be
  doing the driving...&quot; and you pulled me back to the back door, which you
  opened. Before I could protest, you pulled both of my arms to my back and bound
  them tightly together. In the next breath you placed a loose nylon hood over
  my head, and cinched it snug at the neck. Running one hand over my ass, you
  pushed my head down with the other hand, and pushed me into the backseat of
  the car.... lying face down on the seat, with my head pressing against the
  right-side door and my legs bent at the knees, with my feet in the air against
  the opposite door. This was the first time I appreciated the significance of
  tinted windows in a car.... there would be no help from anyone.... no one would
  be able to see the predicament I was in.  
 And so you drove.... you took me away from the airport, and drove what seem
  like an eternity. I could hear music playing softly, but that was the only
  input coming to me. I could see nothing but black.... I could smell only the
  nylon bag around my head...I could only feel the cushion of the bench-seat
  I was lying across. And then you touched me...I felt your hand lightly rub
  across my ass...pulling my skirt up slowly...torturing me with the knowledge
  that you would be able to see the tops of my stockings...my slip...my new nylon
  panties. As my skirt rose higher, I heard you say &quot;You look beautifully
  helpless in that position, little one...and will look even more so before I
  have finished with you.&quot; A shiver ran through my body, as I comprehended
  exactly what that meant...you were going to take me, and use me in whatever
  way you desired.... and my body and mind responded with a desire I hadn't known
  I had within me.  
 And then the car stopped.... and I heard you open your door. &quot;Stay
  right where you are...don't try to escape...don't try to attract the attention
  of anyone to help you. It would be pointless, really.... since we are miles
  from the nearest human, and no one would hear you if you did scream for help.
  I'll be back in a few minutes.&quot; What an excruciating time! To be left
  alone, tied and hooded, and not know when you were going to return...that was
  torture!  
 After what seemed an eternity, I heard the back door open, and felt your
  hands on my ankles. &quot;Here's what we're going to do...and I expect you
  to do exactly as your told. You will be punished if you fail in doing what
  you're told...do you understand me?&quot; I took a deep breath and replied &quot;Yes,
  Sir...I understand.&quot; I could hear the smile in your voice as you began
  to speak...&quot;I'm going to help you get out of the car by sliding you across
  the seat until your knees are on the ground. You will not, at any time, lift
  your upper body off the seat until I instruct you to do so.&quot; With that,
  I felt you grab my wrists, and my right ankle, and felt my body slide roughly
  across the seat...pulling my skirt high around my waist as I slid. I could
  feel my face flush as I realized I would be kneeling at the side of the car
  with my underwear completely exposed to you...and to the world. There was nothing
  to be done about that, though...I was completely helpless, and knew I could
  do nothing more than exactly as you instructed.  
 And so I kneeled...my knees resting on grass, instead of the asphalt of
  a parking lot, which I was expecting. I kept my upper body on the car's seat,
  as you instructed, hoping you would be pleased with the image. "You look lovely,
  little one&hellip;.completely helpless&hellip;completely exposed&hellip;completely
  mine. I am going to enjoy this immensely&hellip;.having you completely under
  my control." I felt your hand run lightly across my lower back&hellip;and knew
  you were savoring the feel of my black slip.  
 After several minutes of being on my knees, you went on&hellip;"You need
  to know that struggling would be pointless. We are, as I said, miles from anywhere&hellip;at
  a small cabin, deep in the woods. There is no place for you to run to, if you
  managed to get yourself free of the restraints you're going to find yourself
  in. There is no one to call, if you managed to get your mouth free of the gag
  you're going to be tasting. There is only you, and me&hellip;.and I will control
  everything about you, for the next 3 days. You will be cared for&hellip;greatly.
  You will be fed, and bathed lovingly. And, yes&hellip;you will be used in whatever
  ways I desire&hellip;.and there are many ways that I desire to use you. You
  belong to me&hellip;.you are mine&hellip;.my pet. Now, raise your body up off
  the seat&hellip;I want you to turn around, and I want you kneeling before me,
  where you belong."  
 After I had managed to get myself turned around, so I would be facing you,
  I felt your hands at my throat&hellip;felt you loosen the nylon hood, but you
  didn't remove it. In place of the bag around my throat, I felt a wide collar
  fitted snugly around me. You had to slip it up under the hood, which allowed
  me a flash of brightness, but no picture. A posture-collar&hellip;a new thing
  to me&hellip;an odd sensation of captivity&hellip;having my head forced into
  a position, and held tight there. As the bag dropped in the front, I felt it
  lifted slightly in the back&hellip;allowing you the ability to lock the collar
  firmly in place. Once it was firmly in place, I felt the hood being tightened
  back around my throat. You truly wanted our location to be a mystery to me&hellip;you
  did everything in your power to exaggerate my feeling of helplessness&hellip;knowing
  that it would heighten my level of anticipation and excitement even further.  
 Then I heard a loud, heavy "click"&hellip;and felt a strong tug at the front
  of my neck. "There, my pet&hellip;the final indication that you are mine&hellip;.my
  collar snug around your neck, and my leash firmly attached to that. You will
  have no choice but to follow where I lead you&hellip;and before long, you will
  have no wish but to do just that." Another shiver passed through my body as
  I heard you laugh softly. You knew well enough that I would do exactly as you
  said&hellip;that I would desire nothing more than to please you.  
 "Now, get up off your knees&hellip;its time to go inside." I felt the tug
  at my neck, and knew you would not wait long for me to get up. I struggled
  for a second, to get to my feet, and could only trust that you would lead me
  safely into the cabin. I thought briefly about my bag in the trunk&hellip;but
  then realized I would probably have little use for the contents. Somehow I
  doubted I would have much in the way of clothes on over the next several days.
  That thought sent another shiver through my body.  
 As we approached the front of the cabin, you reached back and grabbed my
  left elbow again. "There are 5 steps to go up, to reach the porch." With that
  brief warning, you guided me quickly up the stairs&hellip;.giving me little
  time to comprehend the words, and causing me to stumble slightly as I worked
  my way up the stairs. At the top, I felt the tug again, and felt myself pulled
  across a porch, and into the front door of this place that would become so
  special between us.  
 Once I was fully inside, I felt you step past and behind me, and heard you
  close the door&hellip;heard the lock click, as you shut me safely away inside
  with you. Then one more sound&hellip;the sound of a dead-bolt being turned
  into place&hellip;and I wondered if it was a turn-lock, or the kind that required
  a key. I soon got the answer to that question&hellip;"Don't get any ideas of
  sneaking out at night, while I'm sleeping. The key to the dead-bolt will be
  securely fastened around my neck. The windows are all sealed shut, as well.
  Besides, you won't be sleeping with any sense of freedom&hellip;you will be
  bound tight, and held firmly in my arms while we sleep. I have no intentions
  of allowing you to go anywhere without me this weekend."  
 I felt the now-familiar tug at my neck, and took tentative steps to follow.
  I had no idea what the layout of the room was like&hellip;I could only trust
  that you wouldn't allow me to trip over anything as you guided me. After passing
  several steps safely, I felt your hand against my chest&hellip;and heard you
  say "Stop." And there I stood&hellip;completely helpless, completely under
  your control. For the longest time you didn't make a sound. You didn't touch
  me. You just left me standing there&hellip;not knowing what was going on around
  me&hellip;not knowing what you were going to do next. I couldn't even get a
  sense of whether or not you were near me&hellip;or if you had gone off into
  another room.  
 Then I felt the front of my skirt being lifted up&hellip;and felt your hand
  slide across the material of my slip&hellip;across my legs, and lower stomach.
  Then I felt a sensation that was new to me&hellip;and heard a sound I'd not
  heard before&hellip;.what turned out to be the sound of material tearing. I
  realized this, as soon as I felt cool air against the exposed skin of the front
  of my body. I was left standing in front of you&hellip;.the front of my dress
  torn completely in two, hanging loosely from my shoulders. My black full-length
  slip a nice contrast against my skin. I felt your hand caress my chest&hellip;just
  below the collar holding my head firm and high&hellip;then run across my breasts,
  as you moved behind me. I felt both of your hands touch my wrists, and felt
  instant relief when you released them from whatever it was that was holding
  them tight. "Stand perfectly still, my pet&hellip;don't move. Keep your hands
  behind your back, even though your arms will want very much to move to the
  front, to relax a bit." I'm certain you are well aware of the struggle I face&hellip;keeping
  my aching arms behind my back once the bindings are removed. I'm equally certain
  your are enjoying my discomfort with this struggle.  
 That thought quickly left my mind, however, when I felt my dress drop slowly
  across my arms, and to the floor. Now I understand the need to release my wrists&hellip;and
  know that their freedom will be short-lived. I'm not to be disappointed in
  that thought, either&hellip;.as you rebind my wrists as soon as the dress has
  passed them, falling free to the floor. When you rebind my arms, however, you
  don't do it the same way as was done in the airport parking lot. I realize
  now that that was just a quick way to immobilize me&hellip;not the way you
  intended me to spend the majority of my time. This is much different&hellip;much
  more "permanent." I feel your left hand run down the length of my now-bare
  left arm&hellip;from my shoulder, to my wrist. Once at my wrist, I feel you
  pull my arm further behind me, and force my wrist up into the middle of my
  back. These movements are repeated on my right arm&hellip;my right wrist joining
  my left in the middle of my back. The immediate result of this is to cause
  me to arch my back slightly&hellip;.making my breasts more prominent&hellip;which,
  I quickly realize, is the whole point of the exercise. I hear the click of
  a clasp being fastened between the two cuffs now snug around my wrists, and
  feel the coolness of a length of chain, as my wrists are then fastened to a
  ring on the back of my new collar. This ensures that my head is held high,
  and my breasts even more prominent, as my arms pull down on the collar in the
  back.  
 There I stand&hellip;in my black slip, nylons, and underwear&hellip;.my
  arms bound tight behind my back&hellip;my head bound firmly in the posture
  collar&hellip;my breasts pushed forward by the arch in my back. I realize a
  new feeling of helplessness&hellip;much stronger than the one I felt in the
  back of the car on the ride out here. And I realize, strangely enough, that
  I like the feeling&hellip;very much. I can feel my clit throbbing in anticipation&hellip;I
  can feel the wetness building between my legs&hellip;I can feel my breasts
  longing to be freed from my bra&hellip;needing to be bound up tight&hellip;needing
  to be tortured as only you can torture them.  
 "You look lovely, my pet&hellip;.your breasts are begging to be touched&hellip;and
  touched they will be&hellip;soon enough." You tease me with your words&hellip;tease
  me with anticipation&hellip;tease me with the warm sound of your voice. You
  know the effect your voice has on my body&hellip;on my mind. You know that
  you are driving me wild with desire&hellip;.and so you drag even more from
  me.  
 "I want you to close your eyes tight&hellip;don't open them until you are
  told to do so. Do you understand?" "Yes, Sir&hellip;I understand&hellip;" is
  all I can muster in response. My eyes shut tight, I feel the hood being loosened
  around my neck&hellip;.feel the cool air on my face, as it is lifted away from
  my head. The temptation to open my eyes is incredible&hellip;to see my surroundings&hellip;to
  see your face&hellip;to see your smile when you look at me&hellip;enjoying
  the picture I must make. Still, I keep them shut tight. I know what will happen
  if I fail to do as instructed&hellip;.and I wouldn't intentionally invite the
  sting of your paddle.  
 And then I feel what I've been longing to feel&hellip;.the sweet pressure
  of your lips against mine. My lips part instinctively, and I feel your tongue
  press deep into my mouth&hellip;feel you kissing me slowly&hellip;passionately.
  I feel your hands holding my head tight between them&hellip;.moving me to exactly
  the position you like best&hellip;.reminding me that there is no hope of escaping
  you. I respond to your kiss completely&hellip;matching your passion with my
  own&hellip;moaning softly against your mouth&hellip;needing everything you
  have to give me&hellip;.needing to give all I have to offer you. I feel one
  hand firm on the back of my head&hellip;and feel the other move to the small
  of my back&hellip;pressing my body tight against you&hellip;bringing me completely
  within the circle of your arms.  
 And then you step away&hellip;.leaving me needing so much more. I'm mortified
  to hear a whimper escape from my lips&hellip;but the disappointment is too
  great to not whimper. The loss of your touch too excruciating. "Open your mouth
  for me, little one&hellip;open it wide&hellip;as wide as you can." I do as
  you instruct&hellip;opening my mouth as wide as I can make it go. "That's my
  pet!" is my reward&hellip;along with a warm caress across my right cheek. I
  know, from this, that I have pleased you&hellip;and that thought sends a thrill
  through my body again. I feel something smooth slide across my teeth and tongue..coming
  to rest half-way into my open mouth. There is something else, too&hellip;something
  between my teeth and my lips and cheeks. "Close your mouth now, little one." And
  I realize what it was&hellip;your butterfly gag being placed in my mouth. The
  realization of this&hellip;the surprise at knowing how completely I am being
  gagged&hellip;.causes my eyes to fly open&hellip;quite against my will. Before
  I can snap them back shut, I hear the disappointment in your voice&hellip;"Oh,
  little one&hellip;.you've opened your eyes, haven't you?" All I can do is nod
  my head "Yes, Sir." "Leave them open now&hellip;I want to see your reaction
  to this lovely device." The first puff of air into the gag doesn't impact me
  much&hellip;.the final result, however, has my eyes wide&hellip;which brings
  a warm smile to your face. "You realize now that there will be no sound escaping
  your lovely mouth, don't you?" Again, a silent nod "Yes, Sir." I feel you place
  something into my right hand. "If you need me to stop, pet, you press the button
  in your right hand. Do you understand?" Another slow nod&hellip;"Yes, Sir&hellip;I
  understand completely."  
 And so the weekend began&hellip;.with my kidnapping, and subsequent loss
  of anything remotely like control. I was completely at your mercy, and I knew
  you would assault every shred of my being with sensation. As I stood before
  you, in nothing but my underwear and slip, my breasts pushing out towards you&hellip;begging
  to be touched&hellip;I needed you more than I knew I could need a man. And
  I knew you wouldn't let me down&hellip;you would be there for me&hellip;you
  would be as much mine as I would be yours.  
 And I thought, as you gazed lovingly down at my face, that you might&hellip;just
  might!&hellip;have forgotten that I was to keep my eyes shut&hellip;but I was
  mistaken on that note. "Now, my sweet pet&hellip;your punishment for opening
  your eyes. Are you ready to accept the punishment I choose for you?" A hint
  of fear passes across my eyes, but I respond by nodding my head as best I can,
  with it braced in my collar, and pulled back even more by the chain connected
  to my wrists. Yes&hellip;I am ready to accept whatever you have in mind&hellip;my
  body belongs to you now, and will be used as you wish.  
 "That's a good girl&hellip;my sweet little girl."&hellip;you say with a
  warm smile. "This will be your first taste of my strict nature, so I will make
  sure it is a lesson you won't quickly forget." You firmly take my right elbow
  in your hand, and turn me partially around, walking me to a support beam located
  in the middle of the living room. Most of the furniture has been moved back,
  out of the way, so there is plenty of room for whatever you have I mind. With
  my head tipped back, I'm able to see a series of block and tackle attached
  to the exposed beams of the post-and-beam construction of the cabin. I've always
  liked this type of construction&hellip;only now do I realize the myriad advantages
  of having exposed beams throughout a house!  
 From each of the block and tackle, a rope is strung through&hellip;tied
  off at various support beams, and hanging to the floor, coiled at my feet.
  You bring me to a stop just beside one of these ropes, and instruct me to stay
  exactly where you've placed me. I blink my eyes once, indicating my intention
  to do exactly as you've told me&hellip;which brings another smile to your face.
  After placing a light kiss on my forehead, you smile again, and step around
  behind me. The next thing I see is something black being maneuvered over my
  face&hellip;.a tight rubber hood, which you promptly zip shut at the back.
  The zipper pull is then locked in place, by slipping a small padlock between
  it and a ring on the back of my collar. The feeling of isolation is complete&hellip;there
  isn't a shred of light to reach my eyes, and sounds are incredibly muffled.
  I'm alone&hellip;with only you to connect me to the rest of the world. Then
  I feel you run a rope under my forearms&hellip;tying the rope around my arms,
  near my elbows. This adds an additional strain on my already stretched arms&hellip;but
  my trust in you is complete. Besides&hellip;I realize that this is my punishment
  for not doing as I was told&hellip;it isn't supposed to be comfortable.  
 With that thought in mind, I hear you untie the other end of the rope from
  the bracket on the support beam&hellip;only then do I have some idea what you
  have in mind. I'm only slightly surprised when I feel the tug on the rope&hellip;pulling
  my arms up, away from my body&hellip;and forcing me to bend forward, in order
  to avoid having my shoulders dislocated. When I'm bent to nearly a 90-degree
  angle, the pulling stops, and I hear you re-tying the rope in place. I can
  feel your hand, as you caress my ass through my slip&hellip;then I feel your
  foot next to mine&hellip;"Spread your legs for me, little one&hellip;as far
  as you can spread them." When I've spread them as far as my slip will allow,
  I feel you touch the inside of my thigh with something very cool&hellip;something
  metal, I think&hellip;.and then I feel my slip falling away from my body&hellip;and
  realize that what you had touched me with was a pair of scissors&hellip;used
  to rid me of my slip.  
 "Spread your legs wider, my pet&hellip;wider&hellip;there you are&hellip;that's
  my girl." With each instruction, I feel your foot pressing against my right
  foot&hellip;pushing me to spread my legs further than I imagined possible.
  I feel your hands slide slowly down my legs, caressing lightly as they travel
  down. Once at my ankle, I feel a wide leather cuff being placed..first on my
  right ankle, then on my left&hellip;just above the ankle-straps of my 3-inch
  heels. I feel the cool of metal across the top of my right foot, and hear a
  muffled "click." Then I feel the cool on my left foot, as well, and feel you
  push my foot even further from the right&hellip;and then another muffled "click." And
  then I realize what you've done&hellip;attaching a spreader bar to each ankle&hellip;ensuring
  I will keep my legs spread&hellip;ensuring my ass and pussy will be completely
  open to you, whenever you choose to partake of them.  
 "You look amazing, my sweet girl&hellip;simply amazing! I have a hard time
  thinking of this as punishment&hellip;but I know you will be uncomfortable
  before I'm finished&hellip;and I know you will feel great pain, in various
  parts of your body." I feel your hands caress my ass&hellip;massaging the muscle,
  and pressing against my anus, through the nylon of my panties. Then I feel
  the cool of the scissors again&hellip;first on my right shoulder blade, and
  then on my left&hellip;as you easily cut through the straps on my bra. After
  one last cut through the back, I feel my breasts fall free, as my bra drops
  quietly to the floor. Then I feel that cool one last time&hellip;against the
  inside of my right thigh&hellip;and then against my crotch&hellip;as the metal
  slices through the material of the crotch of my panties. No need to cut them
  completely off&hellip;you simply take the material, and roll it up to the waistband,
  leaving me with a nylon-panty rope snug around my waist.  
 And there I stand&hellip;completely exposed to you&hellip;and completely
  under your control. My senses are greatly diminished, thanks to the hood over
  my head. My body is nearly completely immobile, thanks to the binding of my
  arms, and the spreader bar between my ankles. The only things free are my breasts&hellip;but
  that isn't to last long. I moan softly against my gag, as I feel your fingers
  squeeze my right nipple tightly&hellip;rolling it around, twisting it, pulling
  it hard, away from my body. As you expected, my nipple responds by becoming
  rock-hard for you. Then I feel a different sensation&hellip;.a narrow strip
  of something brushes across the skin of my right breast&hellip;and then the
  muffled "zipping" sound of a zip-tie being pulled tight around my breast&hellip;squeezing
  tight, at the base&hellip;causing my breast to bulge out into a taught, melon-shaped
  globe. I feel the heat begin almost immediately, and moan against my gag yet
  again, as the ballooning registers in the depths of my brain. Then the same
  is done to my left breast&hellip;the zip-tie pulled tight, leaving me with
  two tightly bulging, throbbing tits&hellip;the beginning of my punishment.  
 "Aaahhh&hellip;.what a lovely little slave you are, little one&hellip;.even
  when you've been naughty, you are lovely. Does my little pet like the feel
  of her tits bound tight&hellip;ballooning, and throbbing from the pressure
  of the blood trapped inside?? I know you can't tell me, darling&hellip;but,
  trust me&hellip;I know you will be thinking about the answer to that question.
  I know you will be thinking about how much you love the feeling&hellip;love
  your tits bulging away from your body&hellip;love your tits bound tight by
  your Master&hellip;love your nipples being stretched away from those aching
  tits." You pause, when you hear a gasp drag through my throat, at the thought
  of my nipples being abused even more than my breasts have already been&hellip;wondering
  how much more I can endure.  
 "Yes, my darling&hellip;your nipples will be stretched for me&hellip;and
  your tits will be bound even more tightly, before I'm finished with you." With
  that, I feel your fingers squeeze my right nipple hard again, pulling it hard
  away from my body&hellip;pulling my throbbing breast with it. Then an odd sensation,
  as something is pulled tight around my nipple&hellip;a string, tied tight,
  causing my nipple to bulge, as my breast did before it. The same is done to
  my left nipple&hellip;first the hard squeeze, and strong pull away from my
  body&hellip;then the string tightening around the nipple, and secured in place.
  I allow myself a moment to think that that wasn't as bad as I thought it would
  be&hellip;and then I feel you lift up my right big-toe, and feel you tie the
  other end of the string attached to my right nipple to that toe. The string
  is pulled tight, tugging down hard on my nipple, and my toe is lifted up off
  the sole of my shoe&hellip;leaving me with a choice..either keep my toe lifted
  away from my shoe, or relax my toe&hellip;pulling and stretching my nipple
  at the same time. This, too, is repeated on my left side&hellip;my toe tied
  tight, lifted off my shoe&hellip;attached by a tight string to my left nipple.  
 "What a predicament you've gotten yourself into, little one! You should
  have kept those lovely eyes of yours closed&hellip;so much would have been
  avoided, had you only done as I instructed." I understand the completeness
  of this particular punishment as I lose the ability to hold my toes up&hellip;and
  feel my nipples pulled and stretched further than I would have thought possible.
  A whimper works its way up my throat, but no sound escapes my gag-filled mouth.
  The sensations coursing through my breasts are only increased when I feel another
  zip-tie being tightened around my right breast&hellip;closer to my nipple than
  the first. The feeling is more intense than anything I've felt before&hellip;but
  it isn't to end there. Being a perfectionist, you even things out, by adding
  a second zip-tie to my left breast. Then, to make things interesting, you slip
  a zip-tie between the second set of ties, and pull it tight, forcing my breast
  together, touching in the center of my chest. This action adds so much to the
  discomfort in my breasts&hellip;.my nipples are not only now being pulled down
  towards my toes, but slightly to either side, as my breasts are pulled towards
  the center of my chest. With two sets of bindings around each breast, the ballooning
  is exaggerated, and the throbbing extreme&hellip;and exquisite!  
 I feel the light touch of your right hand, caressing my right breast&hellip;.feel
  your hand squeeze the flesh tight, increasing the pressure on that side even
  more. "Your tits are lovely, my darling girl&hellip;.two bulges on either side,
  and they're turning a lovely shade of red. Your nipples, too, look magnificent,
  pet&hellip;each ballooned into a tight bud, and stretched tight more than an
  inch away from the body of your tits." I feel exactly how tightly they have
  blossomed, when I feel your fingers squeeze each of them in turn&hellip;first
  the right, then the left. A low moan escapes my throat&hellip;the combination
  of pleasure and pain nearly more than I can stand&hellip;and then it stops,
  as quickly as it started, as you move your attention to another part of my
  body.  
 "Now for the true punishment, my sweet slave. Oh, yes&hellip;I know you're
  thinking that this has all been punishment enough&hellip;but everything you've
  felt thus far has been intended to arouse pleasurable sensations within your
  body&hellip;and I know I have accomplished this, because your pussy is literally
  dripping wet, darling. No&hellip;there has been no real punishment yet&hellip;." Then
  I feel the sting of your hand, spanking hard on my left ass-cheek. The shock
  of it, as it registers in my brain, brings a groan from deep in my throat.
  But before that sound is complete, I feel the sting of a second&hellip;a third&hellip;a
  fourth connection of your hand against my bare skin.  
 "My pet now understands what punishment entails&hellip;.at least to some
  extent. I will use many things to punish you, little one&hellip;.my bare hands&hellip;wooden
  and leather paddles&hellip;a riding crop&hellip;leather straps&hellip;even
  a cane, if the misdeed warrants its use. Tonight you will feel several of these
  things&hellip;and you will remember the feel of each one, I'm sure. First,
  my hand"&hellip;and with that, I feel two quick swats, one on either cheek,
  followed shortly by two more, harder swats, each stinging more than the last.
  I can feel my ass heat up, as my punishment begins in earnest.  
 "Now, you think that that is as much pain as you will be able to endure.
  I can assure you, however, my dear, that there is worse than that to come.
  You will learn to do exactly as I instruct&hellip;in all things&hellip;because
  to fail me is to invite this sort of lesson. I know you will learn quickly,
  though&hellip;and that you will always strive to be my good little slave." I
  can hear the smile in your voice, and know that you enjoy the thought of my
  being your good little slave almost as much as you enjoy the thought of punishing
  me when I'm bad.  
 "The next thing you will feel will be my leather paddle&hellip;the sting
  will be different from that of my hand, and it will be exaggerated, since your
  ass is already bright pink, and glowing. That is the way of things, my pet&hellip;.you
  will learn the feel of each implement, and how it differs depending on whether
  or not your ass has already been heated up by something else." I then feel
  your hand press down on the small of my back, to help hold me still, and gasp
  as the pain from the first blow reaches the pain receptors in my brain. "Ahh,
  yes, my little one&hellip;this brings with it a stronger sensation, doesn't
  it?" A second strike&hellip;and a third&hellip;and a quick fourth&hellip;each
  one burning more than the one before it. By the time the pain of the fourth
  starts to subside, I am breathing heavily against my gag&hellip;whimpering
  deep in my throat&hellip;amazed at the amount of pain I have endured thus far.
  Amazed that I can feel the wetness in my pussy&hellip;knowing that this punishment
  is only partially that.  
 "I think tonight's punishment will include only one more tool&hellip;.something
  light&hellip;something that won't sting quite so badly as either my hand, or
  my paddle. You will learn to love this one, my darling, because I will be able
  to direct its sting, controlling precisely where the pain is centered." This
  is followed by a quick, sharp sting to the inside of my right thigh&hellip;not
  at all where I was expecting the pain to be. "You see, my pet&hellip;this pain
  isn't nearly as intense&hellip;and can be quite precise." With that I feel
  the sting lick across my right nipple&hellip;already throbbing from being stretched
  tight, and over-filled with blood from being bound tight. The additional sensation
  brings yet another moan from deep in my throat. "Yes&hellip;you understand
  now exactly what the advantages are of this little device, don't you, darling?" Another
  quick, unexpected sting, centered on my exposed pussy&hellip;and one more,
  centered squarely on my throbbing clit.  
 And then I feel your warm hands, lightly rubbing my burning ass&hellip;.massaging
  the burning muscles&hellip;easing away the pain you so recently inflicted there. "That's
  enough punishment for now, my pet. I trust you will think twice before disobeying
  me in the future." If I could answer, I would assure you that, indeed, I would
  do my best to follow your every instruction to the letter!  
 After massaging my warm backside for several minutes, I feel your fingers
  slide down along my crack&hellip;pulling my cheeks apart completely, exposing
  the bud of my anus. I thrill at the feeling as you rub lightly across&hellip;teasing
  me with your touch&hellip;then feel your fingers as they slide across my soaking
  wet pussy. You rub all the way across, soaking your fingers completely as you
  go, until you're able to reach my throbbing clit. Once you've found it, you
  rub lightly across it&hellip;pressing it against my pubic bone&hellip;driving
  me wild with desire&hellip;and head-long towards a shattering orgasm. I move
  my body in response to your touch&hellip;as much as my bondage will allow&hellip;bending
  my knees slightly, to allow my body to rock back and forth a bit. Before I'm
  able to reach that orgasm, you stop&hellip;tracing your way back across my
  pussy&hellip;and insert two fingers&hellip;pushing them deep inside of me&hellip;reaching
  into the very heart of my being. You fuck me slowly with two fingers for several
  minutes&hellip;your right hand buried inside of me, while your left hand presses
  down on the small of my back&hellip;holding me still. You are completely in
  control of my body&hellip;and this pressure is a sure reminder of that fact.  
 "Does my sweet pet like the feel of her Master's fingers deep inside of
  her? Oh, there is no need to answer, my dear&hellip;I know the answer&hellip;I
  can feel it in your body, as you try to push back against my hand. Just keep
  in mind, slave&hellip;I control your pleasure just as surely as I control your
  pain. You will not move unless I want you to move&hellip;you will not pleasure
  yourself by pushing yourself further onto my fingers than I desire&hellip;.you
  will not cum until I've finished using you&hellip;until I've given you permission
  to cum. And I know you will do exactly as you're instructed&hellip;I know you
  haven't been able to forget your first punishment THAT quickly."  
 You continue to move your fingers in and out of my dripping pussy&hellip;slowly&hellip;making
  me want more&hellip;making me NEED more. I concentrate on not moving&hellip;not
  forcing myself back onto those lovely fingers, working their way in and out
  of my pussy&hellip;it takes nearly everything I have to focus on that. And
  then my concentration is shattered&hellip;.when I feel you thrust a third finger
  deep inside of me&hellip;spreading them apart as they move in and out&hellip;spreading
  my pussy wide with each stroke.  
 "Oh, yes, my pet&hellip;.you want to fuck my fingers, don't you? You want
  to bury them as deep as they can go, don't you?? Aaahhh&hellip;.my sweet little
  girl&hellip;.that is for me to do, darling&hellip;.your pleasure belongs to
  me now&hellip;.and I will use you how I wish&hellip;in whatever way pleases
  ME&hellip;not you." This must be a final form of punishment, I think to myself&hellip;as
  the need to be filled, completely, grows stronger within my body.  
 You continue to pump your fingers in and out of my pussy&hellip;my body
  struggling to clamp down around you&hellip;to hold you inside. I feel a tremendous
  need building inside of me&hellip;.the need to orgasm as I've never done before&hellip;.yet
  you won't allow me to go there&hellip;you keep me just a step away from the
  edge&hellip;teasing me with the sight of it, but not allowing me to touch.  
 And then the sensation stops&hellip;abruptly&hellip;as you withdraw your
  fingers from me completely. A long whimper rises up from my throat, as my body
  cries out for release. The touch of your fingers against my hard clit comes
  as a shock&hellip;but the exquisite feeling is short-lived, as you quickly
  pull away again. Then I feel your finger press against my asshole&hellip;rubbing
  circles around the opening&hellip;causing me to push back against you, only
  to be met with a resounding slap on my left cheek. "I told you, very clearly,
  that you were not to move, slut&hellip;.pleasure is not for you to take&hellip;it
  is only for me to give. Don't disobey me again." The sharp sting from the palm
  of your open hand is a quick reminder&hellip;.one which will not be soon forgotten.  
 Even as you administer my reminder, I feel the tip of something slide inside
  of me&hellip;.not your finger&hellip;no&hellip;this is too hard to be your
  finger. The question is answered soon enough&hellip;as I feel the ballooning,
  both inside my rectum, and outside. You've inserted an enema nozzle into my
  rectum, and sealed it off tight, with the double-balloon. "Yes, my slave&hellip;you
  understand now what I'm about to do, don't you? I'm going to give my little
  pet a thorough cleaning&hellip;and then I'm going to take what belongs to me." I'm
  able to feel the change in the angle of the nozzle, as the bag is lifted above
  the level of my back&hellip;suspended, I assume, by yet another rope hanging
  from the beams overhead. Soon after, I feel the pressure of the warm liquid
  entering my rectum&hellip;.slowly filling my colon&hellip;making love to me,
  from the inside out. As the pressure builds, and the fluid is forced further
  inside my body, I feel a slight cramping&hellip;not painful, really&hellip;.surprisingly
  enjoyable, actually. A low moan escapes my throat, as I relax and enjoy this
  new sensation&hellip;of being filled completely by my Master. The fluid runs&hellip;filling
  me more completely than I have ever experienced before&hellip;the warmth is
  intoxicating&hellip;the firm touch of your hands&hellip;one on my lower back,
  the other slowly massaging my throbbing right breast, reminding me of the ache
  there&hellip;.is a constant reminder of my place in the world. I am yours&hellip;to
  be used as you desire&hellip;there is no longer any doubt about that in my
  mind.  
 "Very good, pet&hellip;you've taken half the fluid I have for you&hellip;.you
  will make your Master very proud, won't you?" Only half!! The thought of taking
  that much again sends a shiver through my body&hellip;.feeling a renewed sense
  of urgency&hellip;.needing to feel the release of an orgasm. Before I'm able
  to think, my body begins to rock slowly back and forth&hellip;.the motion I
  would make if the nozzle were being moved in and out of my ass&hellip;.the
  movement that would, if allowed to continue, bring me to that edge&hellip;that
  exquisite orgasm. The movement is brought to a quick halt, however, by a sharp
  pinch on my right nipple. My mind screams out in agony, as the shock of pain
  hits it full-force. "This is the last time I will tell you to mind your body,
  slut&hellip;.the next time you move to take pleasure for yourself you will
  find yourself well-acquainted with my wooden paddle. Click the button in your
  right hand to indicate that you understand me, my pet" As the words register
  through the pain coming from my right breast, I press the button held tight
  in my right hand&hellip;.yes&hellip;I understand, completely, Sir. "That's
  my girl&hellip;.I know you'll do better from now on."  
 Slowly, the fluid continues to fill my already distended abdomen. The pressure
  inside my body is tremendous&hellip;and wonderful. The pressure of your hand
  on my back is amazingly reassuring..as I'm sure it is meant to be. Even the
  sensation of your right hand squeezing my ballooning, throbbing breast has
  become pleasurable to me! Everything about me is pleasure&hellip;I'm lost within
  the onslaught of feelings&hellip;.lost to everything in the world outside of
  your touch.  
 And then the pressure evens out inside of me&hellip;the fluid has run out,
  finally. "There, my pet&hellip;you've taken all the fluid I had to give you&hellip;and
  you've not spilled a single drop! You have certainly made your Master proud,
  darling girl&hellip;.and for that you will certainly be rewarded. Now I'm going
  to explain to you what I'm going to do&hellip;and what I expect of you. When
  I ask if you understand, I want you to click one time on the button in your
  hand. If you don't understand, I want you to click the button twice. Do you
  understand so far?" One click. "Good girl. First of all, I'm going to remove
  the enema nozzle from your rectum. In its place, I will insert an inflatable
  plug&hellip;that way you won't have to worry about spilling any of my warm
  fluid. Once your plug is inserted, and inflated completely, I will release
  the rope tied to your arms. You have no need to worry about falling&hellip;I
  will be holding you up, and will lower you gently to the floor. There you will
  be allowed to rest briefly, while I unbind your arms. There will be some pain
  involved in this, as the blood rushes back into your arms, hands, and fingers&hellip;but
  I will rub them for you&hellip;.I will do everything in my power to make this
  transition as easy as I possibly can. Do you understand all of this?" Again&hellip;a
  single click. "After you've had a chance to regain some feeling in your arms,
  I will roll you over onto your back, and tie your wrists lightly above your
  head, fastening the rope to a hook built into the floor. Then I will proceed
  to massage your distended belly&hellip;.I want to feel how full you are with
  my fluids, darling&hellip;.I want to feel me move deep inside of you."  
 With this, I feel the balloons of the enema nozzle released, and feel the
  nozzle itself slide slowly from my ass. Barely before its had a chance to get
  completely out, I feel a different tool pushed deep inside of me, and then
  feel the pressure of an even larger balloon being inflated inside my rectum.
  Oh, the feeling is exquisite&hellip;.and the need to cum builds inside of me
  again! Do you have any idea the torture you're inflicting on me, I wonder.
  Yes&hellip;I'm certain you know exactly what you're doing to me&hellip;.I have
  no doubt.  
 Next, a surprise&hellip;I feel the pressure on my nipples give way abruptly,
  as the strings attached to my toes are cut. You carefully remove the string
  from around each nipple, allowing the blood to rush back in&hellip;.a low moan
  builds in my throat&hellip;this is a sensation I didn't expect! I then feel
  the cool of metal against the side of my right breast&hellip;as you cut through
  the first zip-tie..and then the second&hellip;releasing first my right breast,
  and then my left, from their bondage. As the blood rushes back into each breast,
  I nearly cry from the sensation. I adore you for the gentle massaging you give,
  on both breasts&hellip;knowing that they will be tender&hellip;knowing that
  they need your loving attention.  
 And then I feel you against my right shoulder&hellip;and feel the pressure
  from the rope at my elbows released, and my body slowly lowered to rest on
  a bed of pillows you've placed on the floor. Ahh&hellip;even with the pain
  inflicted, I know that your one desire is to pleasure me&hellip;.that is the
  goal, in truth&hellip;for both of us to receive great pleasure. The touch of
  the pillows is greatly appreciated&hellip;I must remember to tell you this,
  when I'm allowed to speak again.  
 Once I'm settled on the floor, on my stomach, you begin the task of unbinding
  my arms. First, you release the chain attached to my collar&hellip;which provides
  relief to both my arms, and to my neck. Then you remove the clasp holding my
  wrists together. Lastly, you straighten my arms&hellip;since I'm unable to
  straighten them on my own. As soon as they are straight, by my sides, the blood
  rushes back in&hellip;.greeting me with burning pain, which is soon followed
  by pins and needles unlike anything I have ever felt before. You do as you
  promised, and spend several lovely minutes massaging each arm, from the shoulder
  to the tips of my fingers&hellip;making the feelings involved much more enjoyable
  for me.  
 After massaging my arms for what seems an eternity&hellip;but what couldn't
  possibly have been long enough!&hellip;I feel your hands shift under me, rolling
  me over onto my back. I know your attention will now be focused on my over-full
  belly&hellip;and I'm actually looking forward to feeling your hands massage
  that part of my body. I'm not expecting your mouth, full on my right breast&hellip;sucking
  my still-aching nipple deep into your mouth. If my mouth wasn't completely
  gagged, I would have screamed&hellip;in agony&hellip;and in pleasure&hellip;at
  the feeling. Instead, all I could do was moan deep in my throat&hellip;.and
  concentrate on not raising up off the floor, in an attempt to push my breast
  further into your hungry mouth. I've learned that lesson well.  
 While my breast is still held firmly by your mouth, your right hand moves
  down to my stomach, and begins kneading deep into my belly&hellip;..pushing
  hard against the fluid locked deep inside of me. This isn't quite the massage
  I was anticipating&hellip;and the pressure that builds as a result sends shivers
  through my body. Along with this feeling, comes that all-encompassing need&hellip;.my
  need to reach the edge&hellip;the need to have you guide me there&hellip;.pushing
  me past the point of no return, but not allowing me to fall into oblivion.  
 I feel your mouth leave my breast&hellip;"My slut likes having her full
  tummy massaged, doesn't she? I know you do, pet&hellip;I can feel it in the
  tension in your body&hellip;straining to remain still&hellip;fighting to take
  only what pleasure is given&hellip;.to resist reaching out for more on your
  own. You're doing very well, little one&hellip;.very well." I feel you kneel
  beside me&hellip;your knees pressing into my right hip, as your left hand replaces
  your right in massaging my belly. I assume you've switched hands in order to
  allow your right hand to rest&hellip;but I'm mistaken in that assumption. You
  reach down, between my still wide-spread legs, and find my rock-hard clit with
  your right hand&hellip;.rubbing it lightly from side to side&hellip;.squeezing
  it between a finger and your thumb&hellip;.pulling it away from my body&hellip;pinching
  it tightly&hellip;.torturing it as you tortured my throbbing nipples so recently.
  Your hand leaves my clit after a few brief moments of play, and is replaced
  by another surprise&hellip;.the sharp pinch of an alligator clip being clamped
  down on my clit. This brings a gasp from me&hellip;.as I struggle to remain
  still. The throbbing begins almost immediately, and builds in intensity quickly. "I
  know my little slut will learn to love this new toy&hellip;she will learn to
  love ALL her new toys, each used in its own time, and to my liking." The bite
  of the clamp on my clit is excruciating&hellip;.but, even still, I'm not able
  to decide whether is hurts, or feels good.  
 "Now, my pet&hellip;.I'm going to allow you to relieve yourself. I will
  start by removing the spreader bar between your legs. Your bar will be replaced
  by a length of heavy chain, which will be locked to the buckles on your ankle-cuffs.
  This will have the double effect of locking your ankle-cuffs on your body.
  You won't be able to remove them unless I unlock the chain. This should be
  sufficient to keep you from attempting to escape while you're in the bathroom." With
  this, I feel the weight from the spreader bar removed from my ankles, only
  to be quickly replaced by the weight of a rather heavy piece of steel chain.
  You also remove my shoes, which will make it much easier for me to walk. Another
  thing to appreciate.  
 "Now I'm going to untie your arms. The cuffs will remain in-place, and will
  be connected by another length of chain, which will also lock the cuffs in
  place on your arms. You see, my dear&hellip;there will be no escape for you&hellip;.none." Before
  you finish your sentence, I feel the release of my arms, and smile to myself
  as you lay them by my sides. I feel the cold of the chain as you drape it across
  my stomach, locking it firmly to each wrist. I'm free enough to walk&hellip;to
  do most anything&hellip;but, still, I am quite effectively bound&hellip;and
  you know this, as surely as I do.  
 "The last thing I have to do, before allowing you to go to the bathroom,
  is to remove your hood. You will want to keep your eyes closed for a few minutes,
  to allow them time to adjust to the light in the room. This suggestion is for
  your comfort only, little one&hellip;you may open your eyes as soon as you
  feel able to do so without causing yourself pain. Your gag will remain in place&hellip;as
  it will for most of the next three days. I will remove it to feed you, and
  to give you drink, but you will have little need to talk. If I desire the company
  of your conversation, I will remove the gag, and we will talk until such time
  as I decide to replace the gag. Again&hellip;the sound of your voice is for
  my pleasure alone&hellip;even when you are being fed, you will not speak unless
  I ask you a direct question. Do you understand this, my dear?" A single click
  in response.  
 I feel your hands at the back of my neck as you unlock the zipper-pull of
  the rubber hood wrapped snug around my face. There is an immediate sense of
  relief, as the rubber is lifted away, and the cool air feels incredibly refreshing
  as it hits my flushed face. "You look beautiful, my pet&hellip;your face is
  damp with the sweat of your desire&hellip;.your hair a wild tangle, from being
  tight inside your hood." I revel inside my head as I feel your face press against
  the side of my face&hellip;as I feel your light kiss on my cheek&hellip;my
  forehead&hellip;my eyelids.  
 As your lips leave my eyes, I slowly open them, to look directly into your
  eyes for the first time in an eternity. I see such love in those eyes&hellip;such
  caring&hellip;for me&hellip;for your pet. I can only hope you're able to see
  these feelings returned to you, through my eyes! And then you smile&hellip;and
  lightly touch my right cheek with your fingertips&hellip;and I know you see.  
 "I will help you up now, and walk with you to the bathroom. Before leaving
  you, I will remove your plug. Then you may relieve yourself. Be very certain
  to clean yourself well, when you've finished&hellip;I want you thoroughly clean
  for me&hellip;inside and out. If you feel the need, you may shower. I will
  wait patiently for you here, by the fire. When you've finished, come join me.
  Be thorough, but do not take too long, slave."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Daniel's slave lolly


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





