BDSM Library - My Awakening




My Awakening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a girl who teases her boyrfried about kinky fantiasies just trying to get a rise out of him soon discovers that she's hit a sweet spot for him as he quickly embraces one of the fantasies.  She is forced to become his and must realize that she is now owned.My Awakening  
I was lying in bed telling him about different fantasies I have had. Every
  now and then he would ask a question about some small detail in the fantasy,
  like what I was wearing, where something came from, how something could happen,
  etc. I was intrigued that he was so curious as to the details of them, but
  he seemed to ask more questions about one of the fantasies in particular. At
  the time I didn't really pay attention to it, it was only looking back on it
  later that I was reminded of those questions. As I lay there in his arms, I
  slowly drifted off to sleep letting my mind wander a bit.  
After a while, I woke up and opened my eyes but all I saw was black. I quickly
  tried to pull whatever was on my eyes off but I couldn't move my arms, or my
  legs for that matter. My wrists and ankles had been encircled with some kind
  of rope, pulling my limbs taunt towards the bedposts. I pulled at the ropes
  holding my limbs down but they wouldn't budge. My mind was still a little hazy
  from the sleep but began to clear up quickly. I heard a click and wondered
  what that noise was, and then I realized it was the sound of a camera. I started
  to yell in protest as I tried to escape my bonds, but was soon silenced by
  a piece of tape quickly placed over my mouth. My words were soon turned to
  a low muffled mumble as I lay there.  
I felt the blankets lifted off of me and quickly got a chill. I heard a faint
  chuckle as a hand reached out and pinched my nipple firmly causing my back
  to arch up in pain. I felt someone sit on the bed and brush his hand on my
  face. I jerked my head the other direction. A powerful hand quickly grabbed
  me under my chin and simple said, "I own you now." I felt a shudder go down
  my back.  
He ran his hands over my body; I tried to yell but all that was heard was
  a low murmur from under the tape. His hands reached down to my naked pussy
  and began to tease my clit a little causing my body to twitch. I immediately
  tried to pull away trying to get his hands off of me, but I wasn't able to
  move far. After a few moments I found myself trying to push into his fingers
  as he massaged my clit. My body was reaching an orgasm despite the protest
  my mind was putting up. As I was getting close to a climax, he pulled his hand
  away and laughed quietly asking, "Did I stop too soon my pet?" I moaned in
  frustration. He ran his hand over my stomach to my breast and gently squeezed
  it before getting up off of the bed.  
He said that he had to go for a little while and that he wouldn't want me
  to get bored while he was gone. I then felt something being pushed into my
  wet pussy. He turned the vibrator that was now deep in my pussy on a very low
  setting and secured it there with tape. He said that he wanted me horny and
  wet when he returned. He added that I wasn't allowed to cum without his permission
  and if I did, I would be punished severely for it. He brushed his hand on the
  side of my face commenting about how this would be more fun than he had originally
  thought. His hand then reached down and tweaked my nipple hard once more. I
  heard him start to walk away, then he stated, "There will be a few people in
  and out of the house today, I'm having some work done in a couple of the extra
  rooms, if someone happens to come in, there's a note telling them they can
  have you do whatever they like as long as the blind fold isn't removed, they
  don't speak, and you are back in this position when I return. I've left a few
  more toys on the table; maybe if you're lucky someone will let you enjoy them.
  It should make for an interesting day either way, good bye my pet, have fun." With
  that I heard the door open and close.  
I lay there naked, blind folded, bound, and gagged wondering what was going
  to happen to me and why all of this had happened. I remember thinking back
  to the conversation the night before, could he really have taken me seriously,
  no, he had to know that I wasn't really into this kind of thing, that I was
  just trying to turn him on a bit with all that crazy stuff. That people didn't
  actually do these kinds of things, they just talked about them so seem kinkier
  than they actually were. Then it hit me, what if he was really into all of
  this stuff? What if all along he was just leading me to get to this point?
  He had acted so unaware of it all though, I thought he was just asking questions
  to egg me on trying to get the most for his money. I thought that he really
  didn't know anything.  
I tried to struggle again against my bonds and tried to yell thinking that
  he had to still be in the room and I didn't want to play anymore. I wanted
  to get dressed and just cuddle and watch TV or something, like normal people,
  this was crazy, this stuff didn't actually happen. Actually, I just wanted
  to go home, to get away from here. I jerked my body and was suddenly reminded
  of the vibrator inside me buzzing away. Damn him, keeping me so close to an
  orgasm but not giving me enough stimulation to actually have one.  
I heard the door open and close. I began to struggle trying to show him that
  I wanted to quit, that I didn't want to play his stupid game anymore. I heard
  some footsteps come closer and then they stopped and there was a low chuckle.
  I heard someone pick up some thing that clanged together, sounded like chains
  of some sort. My mind began to race wondering what it was, and then it struck
  me that it may not be him in the room with me and I began to panic, thrashing
  on the bed trying to scream. I felt a hand smack my pussy with a quick, sharp
  pop, hard enough to make me stop thrashing afraid of receiving a second blow.
  The hands began to wonder over my body pausing to massage each breast roughly
  and pinch and pull my nipples. With each pinch my body jerked a little causing
  a little squeal to come out from behind the gag. The person seemed to enjoy
  that as he continued to do it getting harder each time. As the hands moved
  lower I kept thinking to myself that I had to be dreaming, that all of this
  wasn't really happening and that he wouldn't really do this to me; And even
  if this was real, than those had to be his hands there now, he wouldn't let
  someone else do these things to me&hellip;would he?  
I felt the tape pulled off of the vibrator. The vibrator was slowly being
  pulled in and out of my body; I began to moan involuntarily. Damn that felt
  good. My hips began to rise into it; I could feel my orgasm building. I couldn't
  believe I was actually enjoying this, what was wrong with me? My body arched
  as I came closer to reaching my climax then suddenly the buzzing stopped. I
  tried to yell, but no real sound came out. The vibrator was then re-inserted
  and taped in.  
I heard a zipper unzip and what sounded like jeans fall to the floor. Then
  that metallic banging noise again. Lips closed around one of my nipples, teasing
  it, gently nibbling on it, then kissing over to the other and doing the same.
  My nipples now stood erect and longed to be caressed again. Unexpectedly, I
  felt a sharp pain on one of my nipples then the other; clamps had been attached.
  They hurt so much. I whined as he tugged on the chain in the middle.  
I felt his knees at my sides and then felt the tape quickly pulled off of
  my mouth, before I could scream, I felt a cock shoved in my mouth and it began
  pumping quickly. I thought about biting down but then realized I wasn't in
  the best position to do something like that. He pumped away shoving his cock
  down my throat with force. I realized that the sooner he came the better off
  I would be so I began to assist in the process, hoping maybe he would be more
  gentle. I began to slide my tongue up and down the shaft as it slid between
  my lips. I felt his cock hitting the back of my throat before sliding out again,
  feeling my warm mouth engulf it with each stroke. He began to go faster seemingly
  enjoying the teasing my tongue was doing. Soon I felt his hot cum in my mouth
  and I tried to swallow as quickly as possible.  
He kept his cock in my mouth for a few more seconds, trying to regroup. He
  tore a new piece of tape and placed it over my mouth as soon as he removed
  his now soft cock. He then released the nipple clamps and I screamed in pain.
  He massaged my breasts for a few minutes and then I felt the vibrator turned
  on a low setting again and heard the guy put his pants back on and then leave
  the room.  
I was glad he was gone. I was trying hard to convince myself that that was
  not some stranger. I finally managed to drift off to sleep after what seemed
  like hours.  
I awoke to his voice in my ear whispering, "Did you have a good time my pet?" I
  shook my head no and tried my best to beg for him to stop that this wasn't
  fun anymore. He just chuckled and said, "I'm sorry darling, I can't understand
  you." He ran his hand down between my legs to feel how wet I was. He said that
  it certainly seems like I had fun and that I shouldn't lie to him, that I will
  be punished for that later. His hand brushed over my nipple and I jumped, not
  realizing how sore they were from the clamps. He noticed how sensitive they
  are and inspected them a little further. He teasingly said, "Well it seems
  that someone had a little fun with you today, I hope you pleased them."  
He reached down and gently massaged my breast in his hand. He asked me if
  I wanted to cum for him and, as much as I wanted to cum, I said no. He said
  okay and removed the tape holding the vibrator in my pussy. He pulled it out
  and turned the speed up and began to massage my clit with it. I moaned and
  he inserted it back inside my pussy and started to fuck me with it. With his
  other hand, he teased my clit; with in minutes I was bucking my hips into him
  on the verge of an orgasm. He stopped everything and asked me again if I wanted
  to cum for him, I shook my head yes begging him to let me cum. He asked me
  why I should get that reward, especially after lying to him. I tried to beg
  him, I needed a release, I needed to cum now. He teased me for a bit longer
  before granting me permission to cum. My hips bucked wildly in the air, I was
  taking short, deep breathes, and every muscle in my body tightened, then it
  was over.  
I lay there completely worn out. I felt him move his hands gently over my
  body. He told me that he was going to untie me but I must promise to follow
  his orders and not try to get away. He told me to nod if I agree. I nod yes
  in agreement. I felt you untie my ankles and start to untie my wrists. Soon
  all my limbs were free.  
He told me that I could stretch some if I need to. I stretched out my muscles
  releasing some of the tension in them. He led me to a chair and told me to
  sit as he slowly guided me down. I felt something touch my pussy lips and asshole
  as I began to lower. I quickly jolted back up and tried to get away from him.
  He grabbed my wrist tightly and told me that I will sit in the chair one way
  or another, so it's up to me how I do it. I tried to protest through the tape.
  I had never had anything in my ass before. I had always refused when he wanted
  to try anal sex. I whined and he just dragged me back to the chair and applied
  a small amount of pressure to my shoulder. I began to cry as I slowly lowered
  on the chair and he removed his hands. I heard a clicking noise coming from
  him as I felt the dildo and plug invade my body. My asshole hurt so much. Why
  was he doing this? I loved him, I didn't deserve this. I finally made it to
  the base of the chair and felt completely full.  
I had tears running down my face and my breathing was irregular. He brushed
  the side of my face and told me that I looked beautiful. I jerked away from
  his touch and he quickly slapped my cheek. He then told me that I should embrace
  any touch he gave me, anything less than that would be disrespectful. He told
  me he had some excellent pictures of me mounting the dildo and plug and that
  he knew of a few people that would be interested in them. He said that I should
  get used to things being in my asshole because I now had no rights to my body
  and that it was his or those he let borrow me to do as they wished. That comment
  worried me. What did he mean by those he let borrow me. Was he serious? I wanted
  to go, to get out, to call the police, anything, something.  
I sat there impaled on these two objects, gagged, blindfolded, and crying.
  He told me not to move and I heard him leave the room for a moment. I could
  hear him talking to a few gentle men in the hallway, laughing a bit and then
  telling them that he was happy with there work and he would be calling them
  again very soon. The gentle men left and he reentered the room. He seemed like
  he was in a very good mood.  
He walked over to me and attached a collar around my neck and put a lock
  on it. I felt humiliated. I wasn't an animal. I couldn't be captured or collared.
  I began to cry again. He brushed the tears from my eyes and removed the blindfold.
  My eyes were red and burned from all the tears I had cried that day. I looked
  at him with pleading eyes begging him to make this nightmare end. He told me
  that he loved me and that this was what was for the best. He told me that I
  just needed to get over a few mental blocks I had, that I was meant for this,
  that he knew it from day one. I began to cry harder realizing that this wasn't
  going to end anytime soon. He attached a leash to my collar and told me to
  stand. I was glad to get the plug and dildo out of me, though when I stood
  up I felt somewhat empty. He told me to follow him and I walked behind him
  to another room in the house.  
It was a fairly small room that had a circular track in the ceiling with
  a long cord hanging from it. There was also a bed, toilet, sink and shower
  in the room. There were a few more things but I wasn't exactly sure what they
  were. He removed the leash and attached my collar to the cord hanging from
  the center of the room. It allowed me to walk anywhere in the room but not
  outside of it. He told me to go shower and be sure to shave my pussy and that
  he would be back when I was done to get me ready for bed.  
I was glad to get a shower. I felt like I was somehow able to scrub some
  of what I was feeling away. I was a bit surprised to find my shower stocked
  with all of my favorite shampoos and bath stuff. I carefully shaved and washed
  my body and dried off. I used the hair dryer to dry my hair and then walked
  over to the bed to sit down.  
A moment later he came back in with a black box. He sat the box down on a
  table beside my bed and opened it. He told me that the room was sound proof
  and that there was a dead bolt on the door as well as cameras in the room so
  he was able to see everything I was or was not doing. He told me that it was
  fairly late and that I had a long weekend ahead of me so I should get some
  rest. He informed me of two rules: I was not allowed to open the black box
  and I was not allowed to masturbate. He then removed the tape from my mouth,
  kissed me on the forehead and told me good night. He walked out of the room
  and shut off the lights and locked the door. There was still a little light
  in the room; not very bright but enough that I could still see the major features
  in the room. I laid there naked trying to figure out what some of the other
  items were in the room. I eventually drifted off to sleep wondering what was
  in store for me tomorrow.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marilyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





