BDSM Library - The Pirate Party




The Pirate Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lord Michael and Cindy attend a pirate theme party where one of the other guest was to be flogged.  Cindy some how ends up with her own slave, if Lord Michael will let her keep her.
For back ground on this story, please go to http://www.bondage-chicks.com/blog
or http://groups.yahoo.com/group/cindy_web_slave/

The "pirate" theme some how got dropped, or was sort of under played. I was
wearing one of my SCA shirts, and black pants, with a sash around my waist.
Cindy was wearing a white "puffy" half shirt and a pair of tight black pants. We
were the most pirate looking couple there.

There were 4 other couples there. I'm not going to name names, or invent names
for them, but I will mention, because it's going to matter, that Wendy, AKA
"unknown blond girl" from the bet party was there with her current boy-toy
James.

Before the main festivities, we had dinner. After dinner, we all went into their
main living room, which, as it happens, has exposed over head beams. Rich had
bolted a pulley into one of them and run a rope up to it. Rich turned to the
group and starts off with this "set speech"


    As many of you know, a few weeks ago, Cindy and Liz had a bet. During the
contest part of that bet, they, among other things, got naked. Debra spent a lot
of time close to Cindy and noticed some marks on Cindy's breast. When asked
about them Cindy said that her master had flogged her. Deb, was, to say the
least, turned on by this. I've heard nothing but how she wants some one to flog
her, just so she will know what it's like, because she's had this fantasy most
of her life. After speaking to Lord Michael, and several other people, we have
decided that tonight, her fantasy comes to life. Now, also during the bet, well,
Cindy sucked me off. I have been wanting that to happen again. I've spoken with
all the men in our little club and they have agreed to this little scheme of
mine. Here is, in full, my cunning plan

    Debra will be stripped before as and strung up by her wrists. Lord Michael
will flog her for our viewing pleasure. While she is being flogged, each of the
girls is to orally pleasure their man. In my case, Cindy. She is to be flogged,
at what ever speed Lord Michael feels is meet and proper, until the last man has
cum.

    Now the cunning part of the plan... The girl that makes her man cum last,
will then be stripped and strung up, and then she will be flogged while Debra
orally services Lord Michael. She will be flogged by the girl that makes her man
cum first, until such time as Lord Michael has cum into her mouth. The men have
all agreed to this, and I have their agreements in either writing or
authenticated emails. I will let you speak among yourselves as so you may decide
if you wish to participate in this cunning plan of mine. There will be no shame
or loss of honor if you choose to not be part of this, and you may either wait
in the dining room, or leave the house, at your pleasure, if you so choose. If
you do agree to his, I will need you sign these agreements, showing that you are
entering this under your own free will and choice and that you understand the
possible risks.

For the record, he did, in fact write all of this up before hand, and yes, I'm
transcribing it from his notes, that he was reading from. He's not that eloquent
with out prior planning. Did I also mention he's a junior partner at one of the
down town legal firms? Does it show?

With his little speech done, he turned to Debra, who stood up and stripped down.
She wasn't wearing, I will note, either a bra or panties, so it was fairly
quick. I lowered the rope and did a fast "figure eight" tie around her wrists
and told her that I would pull her up when they got through debating.

And debate they did. One girl got up and headed for the door as soon as he
finished, saying "no one said anything about me having to do any thing, this is
not what you said". Her boyfriend, was going "but you said you wanted to try
something new" "But not in public, now lets get out of here". Cindy, of course,
was already kneeling in front of Rich. After a few more minutes of debate (well,
pleading in one guy's case) the other three girls took up matching positions in
front of their boyfriends.

At this point, I pulled the rope up on Debra so that she was just barely on her
toes, and tied it off. I then leaned in to her and said, "OK, this might get a
little extreme. If it's too much for you either say "Red" or "Safe Word". Doing
either of those will stop this whole game. I'm also going to give you a ball to
hold. If you want me to stop, but not stop the whole thing, drop the ball. I'll
stop and ask you when to start again." She nodded her head and whispered, "I am
so hot right now."

I turned to the group and said, "OK, girls, no one is to start until you hear
the first smack". After that, you are blow you guy until he cums in your mouth.
Swallow, then say out loud your place in the line 'First, second, etc.' Any
questions? No, OK, then, get ready and ...". I turned to face Debra, raised the
cat-o-nine up and swung it down at her ass "GO". With that I fell into a "Smack,
wait 5 seconds, Smack" rhythm, aiming at various parts of her back side, ranging
from just below her shoulder blades to just above her knees, with her back, ass
and upper thighs getting the most of the swats. After about a dozen or so
strokes, I walked around to in front of her and gave each tit a couple of fast
swats, then did an underhanded "up swing into her pussy. "thump". That being the
sound of the ball hitting the ground. I reached over and picked it up and
approached her, then whispered in her ear "what?" She replied, also in a
whisper, "give me back the ball, I didn't mean to drop it, that just surprised
me. Please, don't stop" I put the ball back in her hand where she grabbed it
tight. I grinned and stepped back and did it again, and then again, then a 3rd
stroke. I then went back to lashing her tits, giving each one a stroke about
every second. I stopped and walked back to her back side and started a fairly
rapid back and forth stroking, aiming for her lower back. After doing this for
about 45-60 seconds, I started to hear from behind me Rich voice going "oh yeah,
oh yeah yeah ohhhhhh", then a pause, and Cindy's voice going "First".

Is any one here surprised at this? Didn't think so.

I just grinned a little and kept swinging at Deb's backside. After roughly 30
seconds more I changed to a chris-cross pattern, aiming for her shoulder blades
to the opposite hip. I did this for about a minute and hear "Second" from behind
me. With that, I decided to walk around in front of Debra and do the same sort
of stroke on her tits, which, for what it was worth would let me see who was
still in the running, so to speak. I noticed that one girl, with brown hair, was
really going for it, but the other, Wendy the blond, wasn't really doing any
thing special. She more or less was just sort of half ass jacking him with the
head of his cock in her mouth. After, oh, 5 or 6 more strokes, the guy that
brown haired girl is blowing reaches down and grabs her head and pushes it down
going "ahhhh ahhh ahhhhhh". After a few seconds, he lets go, she pulls up,
swallows and yells "three!". With that, Wendy lets go of her boy toy's cock and
deep throats him in one fast gulp. She stays down for a second then comes back
up, and repeats. I think "That's odd" as I walk around to do Debra's back some
more. At this point I've laid roughly 150-200 light to medium lashes on Debra,
many of which barely left a mark, and I know that the end is more or less near
(given that there is only one girl left and she just started to suck cock like
she meant it), so I start laying fairly hard lashes on to her. After about ten
or eleven stokes, I hear "fourth" behind me. I drop the whip and walk over to
the rope and untie it. I come back to Deb and ask how she is doing. "I'm going
to suck you dry then fuck Rich until he dies, I am so turned on..." I reply
"I'll take that as your doing good then. Sit down and let your arms come back to
normal while we get the other girl ready."

I go over to Wendy and ask her, quietly "are you sure you want to do this". Her
reply of "oh, yeah, why do you think I arranged to lose the contest here?, I a
much better cock sucker than that. I'm even better than that slut you have".
Well, OK then.

She walks over to the ropes and Cindy walks up to her and starts talking to her
sort of low. Wendy replies, load enough that we all can hear her, "I don't need
a fucking safe word. You are just a slave, I've been whipped by some one who
knows what he was doing." Cindy just went, "oh, then you won't mind if I gag you
then? And maybe pull you up off the ground first" "What ever little slave girl".
Cindy turns to me and goes "Lord Michael, may your slave be allowed to leave
this room and get a ball gag from the car?" What could I say? "Of course, my
little one, get the ball gag from the car".

While Cindy leaves to get the gag, Wendy strips down, reached up to grab the
rope, then asked "Can some one hold on to the other end please?" Her boytoy goes
over and holds it while she pulls her self up off the ground, and hangs for a
second, then drops down. "Just wanted to make sure it would hold my weight
before I got tied." Fairly smart move, all things considered. Telling Cindy that
she was just a slave girl, on the other hand, maybe not such a smart move.

Cindy comes back in, with the gag, and 5 or 6 chunks of rope. I ask Cindy if she
needs my help in tieing her and Cindy replies, "No, my lord, I think I can tie
this slut up nicely".

Important safety note. Cindy doesn't call other women sluts with out cause.

Cindy takes the ball gag and pushes into Wendy's mouth, rather far, and then
straps it on, rather tightly I might add. She the say "OK, slut put your arms
out in front". Wendy raises her arms, and Cindy ties them together, with her
wrists crosses, in a modified figure eight lash. She then pulls a little of the
over head rope down and ties that around both the lashings and Wendy's wrists.
All in all a fairly tight arm bondage. She then takes two of the pieces of rope
and kneels down and ties them to each ankle. She looks around and doesn't see
any tie points. She then turns to Rich, and goes "master rich, may a slave ask
that she be allowed to use some of the girls in your home?" "How are you going
to use them." "I just want them to help hold this slut's legs open" "Sounds OK
with me, how about it guys" A general bunch of "OK" sounds out. She points at
the brown haired girl and says "sit on the ground there please" pointing at a
spot about 4 feet from the left of where Wendy is still standing. "And you, over
there" to the other blond. She walks over to the blond and asks her to hold her
arms out, wrist together. She does, and Cindy does a quick figure eight lash,
then takes the end of the rope and tied it to the rope coming off Wendy leg. She
goes over to the brown hair girl and repeats this.

While all of this has been going on, I've been sitting down with my pants open
and Debra has been slowly jacking me, to keep me semi-hard.

Cindy goes "I'm going to pull this slut off the ground. Once I tie her off, I
want you two girls to lean back and pull her legs apart. Keep them spread or
your going to be next..." With that, she goes over to the rope that Wendy's boy
has been holding and takes it from him with a polite "If I may, master", and
pulls her up so that her arms are over her, head, then up and off the ground,
finally stopping with her feet about 12-18 inches off the ground.

She turns to me and goes "For your entertainment, my Lord and Master, your slave
shall punish this slut while you are pleasured by this fine young lady." She
then turned to the other girls and sort of snapped "Lean back! She's a slut and
her legs should be spread wide!" They grinned and did just that, the brown
haired girl sort hopping back on her butt, which was sort of cute. Debra took me
into her mouth and just as Cindy was about to start, I pulled Debra off and said
"Oh, Cindy, you might like to know that Wendy there said she was a better cock
sucker than you are...". I could see Cindy straighten up a bit with that. I let
go of Debra, who took me back in as the ass beating started.

I, as I mentioned up post, sort of took it easy on Debra, other than the last 10
or so lashes. Cindy, not so much. She laid into Wendy like she was beating the
dust out of a rug. After a dozen or so lashes to the ass, she moved up to her
back, then back to her ass. She walked around in front and did the chris-cross
the tits thing, but not the sort of quick, light and fast thing I was doing, but
really putting some weight behind each stroke. She then started to flog her
cunt, and rather hard at that. After 6 or 7 strokes to the pussy, she move back
to the tits for a while then walked back around, throwing shots as she moved,
then started really going to town on her back and ass. I could see that some of
the strokes were leaving little blood trails. Meanwhile, while this is going on,
a fairly talented and horny cock sucker has been going to town, as it were on my
cock. Debra may not be quite a good as Cindy or Vickie but she's better than
Liz. I've also been fairly excited most of the night, and I didn't think I was
going to last very long. About this point in time, Debra grabs the base of my
cock and wraps her fingers around it fairly tightly. She stops, pulls up ,looks
up at me and said "Don't want you to pop to soon, now do we." What is it about
these women and their issues with each other? She goes back down on me and Cindy
moves back to Wendy's front and works on her tits for a while. We get 2 or three
changes from her tits and cunts to her back and ass, I've just about had it. I
reach down, pull Debra's hand off my cock and push her head all the way down and
tell her that I've got to cum. Roughly 10 seconds after I get my cock into her
throat I start to cum and cum and cum....

After I finish, I let her up and tell Cindy "Slave, you will stop now". With
that she let's go of the whip, tells, the other girls to move forward. She
unties the ropes holding her legs open then lowers her down to the ground. Cindy
takes the ball gag out of Wendy's mouth and Windy's first words are "Mistress,
I'm an yours if you will have me...". Cindy looked at her and said "That will be
up to my Lord and Master." as she untied her hands and ankle ropes. Wendy's
"boyfriend" said "I think I need to take her home now". Wendy looked up at Cindy
asking "Mistress?" Cindy replied "I'm not your mistress, at least not yet, go
with him and I will be in contact later".

All right then. I thought, going into this I might get another slave. I didn't
think Cindy was going to get one, and I damn sure didn't think it would be one
of the other girls.

Just as a second note, Cindy ended up working most of Saturday and Sunday
afternoon, and will be away from the net (or only having dial up access) until
Tuesday, so expect her report and what she finally said to Wendy then.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bondage Lord


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





