BDSM Library - He's Mine




He's Mine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She get's what she wants from her friend's prom date.
He's Mine
by Couture

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2003 Couture

***********


I had been waiting to get David alone all night, but 
Lisa was on him like a bad zit.  Her bladder must have 
finally gotten the better of her and she walked off in 
the direction of the restroom, leaving her date by 
himself, sipping on a cup of punch.  

"Hey Mark," I whispered in my date's ear.  "Why don't 
you see who's going where after the prom?"

"Okay," he said.  "I'll be right back."

"Take your time."  I watched as he ambled off.  Take 
just as long as you want.

As soon as he was out of sight, I quickly got up, 
walked over to where David was sitting, and slid into 
the seat still warm from Lisa's lingering presence.  
"Hi David," I said, teasingly. 

"Hey Susan."  His bright blue eyes widened like a deer 
caught in the headlights.  It was good to know that I 
still had my touch, but my nagging suspicions required 
an answer.

I put my hand on his knee and began to slowly walk my 
newly manicured nails higher up his thigh.  "Davie," I 
said, smiling coyly and flashing a devilish glance his 
way.  "I was wondering about something.  Why didn't 
you ask me to the prom?"

Was he dense or something?  Didn't he see how much I 
was flirting with him for the last two months?  I had 
practically asked him, and turned down two perfectly 
good boys in the meantime.  

"Well," he said hesitantly.  "I asked Lisa if you were 
going with someone- and she said you were going with 
Matt."

That bitch!  I wanted to storm off to the bathroom and 
slap that conniving little slut who called herself my 
friend.  The worst part was, she didn't want to have 
anything to do with David until I confessed to her 
that I had a crush on him and wanted to go to the prom 
with him.  I remembered her reply as if it were 
yesterday.

"What for?  He's a geek."

"Well don't tell anyone, but. . ." and then I 
confessed to her my secret.  That I thought he was 
cute and that I knew he was a virgin.  And that after 
the prom, I was going to de-virginize him and he would 
love me forever and ever, because you always remember 
your first.

"That's silly," Lisa said.  

But it wasn't so silly for the little bitch to steal 
him right out from under me.  Well, two could play at 
that game.

"You should have asked me Davie," I said, sliding my 
chair closer to block any curious eyes from seeing 
what was going on under the table.  By now my fingers 
had walked almost to his crotch.  "I wanted to go out 
with *you*.  I'm ashamed to say this, but I wanted to 
do more than that."

Fuck you Lisa.  I grasped his cock through his tuxedo 
pants.  He was hard.  For me.

"I can't Susan," he stammered.  "Lisa-ahm-someone will 
see."

"Can you see my breasts Davie?  I'm not wearing a bra 
you know.  They could have been yours Davie.  God, I'm 
getting hot just thinking of you kissing them . . 
.touching them, sucking on my hard nipples."

I hunched my shoulders and leaned forward so that he 
could look down the front of my gown.  All the while 
my hidden hand, my sneaky little hand, grew bolder and 
bolder, squeezing him, caressing him, having my way 
with his virgin prick.

"No panties lines either Davie."  I quickly looked 
around, made sure no one was watching, then pressed 
the fabric of my dress against my crotch.  I ran my 
finger down my slit for good measure.  My shape of my 
sex was visible through the shiny fabric.

"Oh God, Oh God," he gasped.  He tried to dislodge my 
hand, but I held him fast.  With one tiny hand, he was 
under my control.  

"What's wrong baby," I asked innocently, still 
squeezing tight, but stopping my up and down motion.

"Please Susan, you've gotta stop."

"Why baby?  Don't you like it?" I bit my lower lip and 
resumed jacking his virgin prick ever so slightly. 

"Please don't," he gasped.  "I'm about to cum."

"Just from looking at my pussy through my dress?  It 
must have been a very pretty pussy to make you almost 
cum all over yourself without even seeing the real 
thing.  Tell me Davie, do you think I have a pretty 
pussy?"

"Yes, it's pretty Susan.  But please Susan," he said.  
"I'm begging you.  Please let go of my cock."

God, he had my pussy so wet.  He should have been 
mine.  "But you haven't even really looked at it 
Davie.  I'm blonde you know.  Naturally.  And my clit 
... I bet it's peeking out right now - peeking out from 
my pink wet lips.  That's right Davie, I'm wet ... 
soaked.  And you could have had it too.  I would have 
given it up for you."

"Oh God, Susan," he gasped.  "Please - just don't make 
me cum on myself."

I couldn't help but grin.  He had all but given up on 
Lisa.  His only concern now was to avoid the 
embarrassment of stained pants.  And poor little 
Davie, in his white tuxedo, he was already showing a 
small wet spot above his prick.

"Just answer me a question Davie," I whispered.  Time 
was running out.  I had to hurry.  "Are you still a 
virgin?"

His cheeks turned a bright red in answer.

"Don't lie," I warned, giving his cock a firm squeeze 
to drive home the point.  "I'll know if you lie."

"Yes. . ."

"That wasn't so hard now was it?" I asked.  "Okay 
Davie, kiss me.  Kiss me once and I'll stop."

He glanced around to make sure Lisa wasn't around.  
His poor innocent face was red and sweaty.  Oh, I 
would have had such fun with him . . . if only he had 
asked me out.  It wasn't that he was a virgin.  He was 
so cute.  His lips, with the little dimple on the 
bottom, they just begged to be kissed.  He puckered 
his sexy lips.  

Oh, but I surprised him.  I swallowed his lips with my 
open mouth and snuck past his teeth with my probing 
tongue.  Oh baby!  And then I jacked his hard cock for 
all I was worth.  He moaned his alarmed objection, and 
I inhaled it into my lungs.  I felt his cock pulsing 
in my hand and his hips bucking uncontrollably.  He 
kissed me back.  God, he was a good kisser.  I was 
*so* right about him.  

Then, he just sort of went limp.  Not down there 
silly, it was like his whole body gave up.  I could 
feel his pants growing slick and warm from his cum.  
My insides danced with elation.  I wanted to get up on 
the table right then and there and proclaim to the 
senior class that David Moore's virginity was mine and 
not that bitch Lisa's.  

Instead I gave him another brief kiss and a goodbye 
squeeze.  "Do you love me Davie?" I asked.

"I can't believe you did that," he whined.  "What am I 
gonna do?"

"I asked if you loved me."

He looked at me with those sad blue puppy dog eyes.  
My lipstick was smudge around his mouth.  "Yes," he 
whimpered.

I cleaned my hand on his soiled pants.  "Maybe I'll 
see you around."

I gave him a sexy mischievous grin and left him 
sitting there.  I took out my compact and fixed my 
lipstick.  Just as I was finishing, guess who I bumped 
into?  That sneaky little bitch Lisa.  She looked so 
smug.   "Have fun tonight," I said, sticking my finger 
in my mouth and tasting Davie.  

"Thanks," Lisa said.  "You too."  

Her eyes proclaimed her victory.  As if to say, I have 
your boyfriend.  Hah, whatever happened between them 
now was irrelevant.  They might have sex.  He might 
have sex with any number of women.  But he would 
always compare them to me.  He was mine now.  Just 
like I meant from the start.

The end

*******

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





