BDSM Library - Little Fatima




Little Fatima
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Yvonne has a life changing experience in Pakistan.Little Fatima  
The heat hit Yvonne O'Donnell, like a slap as stepped off the plane in Islamabad,
  Pakistan; she immediately took a dislike to the place.  
&quot;Why does the boss think I'm the person to train employees in our call
  centre here, hell why do we need one here?&quot; she thought, as she looked
  around the small airport terminal at the various air travelers and airport
  staff.  
Getting a taxi to her hotel was a joke, the sly looking taxi driver took
  forever to get there and charged a kings ransom for the fare. A few choice
  words from her had left him red faced with rage but she wasn't going to be
  messed around by anyone, least of all a barely literate taxi driver.  
The hotel was an impressive building with all the trappings of a five star
  hotel but none of the efficiency. The receptionist apologized and explained
  that the computer system was down,  
"Not MY problem is it?" Yvonne snapped back.  
The Receptionist stepped back slightly in surprise at her retort.  
It seemed to take forever for the intimidated receptionist to find her booking;
  it was a relief to finally get into the Hotel room and check the damage to
  her caused by the long flight and seemingly endless attempts by locals to make
  her life difficult.  
She looked at herself in the mirror, her long red hair dry and disheveled
  with the heat; her lovely new business suit with matching skirt all wrinkled
  with sitting on a plane seat for hours; and then she glanced at her boots.
  her black leather knee high boots.  
They were an odd choice of footwear for a hot country, but they were her
  lucky charm. Flashing them at men had more effect than any other form of seduction;
  no-one could resist her in her boots. She was soon to know the extent of that
  seductive power.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..  
She took a shower, washed her hair and brushed her teeth using mineral water
  to rinse. She was not going to risk the local water.  
She sat in an armchair in a red silk bathrobe, flicking through the TV channels
  on as she waited for room service to deliver her tea and a club sandwich.  
She found a local channel which featured a woman giving a TV interview while
  wearing a burqa covering her head to foot in black. She looked ridiculous and
  Yvonne curled her lips in distaste as she watched the woman deliver a speech
  it seemed, wearing her ninja suit and dark glasses.  
"What do you look like, you silly bitch" Yvonne thought.  
Another channel featured a burqa-less local woman in full make-up giving
  cooking tips, with what seemed to be the contents of a small jewelry shop bedecking
  her.  
"What a country!" Yvonne thought.  
She telephoned London on her cell phone while drinking her tea.  
The room service boy had been a little flustered to see an attractive red
  haired woman , in a red silk bathrobe, lounging in a armchair The robe was
  fastened at the waist and the young man was treated to the sight of a generous
  cleavage the lapels of the robe halting at her nipples in their march to be
  open. Her long slender legs had a sheen to them and the novelty of seeing a
  woman's up leg and thigh clearly held the room boys attention despite his attempts
  to avoid looking.  
Yvonne felt a cruel type of glee at teasing the boy. It was always good to
  get a man ready for action and a buzz to send him away unattended to.  
It was great to speak to her fianc&eacute; Edward Bennett, the teasing of
  the room boy had gotten her a little hot.  
"Seen any flies yet? He asked mischievously  
"Now Eddikins&hellip;."Yvonne purred "What type of flies are you talking
  about"  
He laughed.  
"You know you're the only fly in my ointment" She continued to purr seductively.  
"I better be&hellip;.speaking of which. When will you be back in town, I
  am feeling rather horny my sweet"  
It was her turn to laugh.  
Her spirits lifted by the call, she got out her lap top and went to work.
  The sooner she got the job done, the sooner she could leave and take care of
  Edward's needs and her own.  
The day had started badly when the room service boy had botched her breakfast
  order and brought her orange juice instead of grapefruit.  
The driver sent by the office was too chatty for his own good and simply
  butchered the English language trying to give her an unofficial tour of the
  city.  
The local branch office was located in a small commercial area.  
The sad thing was that every commercial area, (she had past through several)
  looked exactly the same. Islamabad may have been a planned city but the plan
  seemed to have got stuck in a rut.  
The receptionist who greeted her was an attractive woman of about 40 or 45,
  it was hard to tell for sure, and she was wearing too much make up and a shalwar
  Kamiz suit that screamed "fashion victim" with its loud colors.  
"Mrs. O'Donnell, Aasalaam Walikum (peace be with you). Welcome to Pakistan.
  My name is Rabia Khan, I am Mr. Farid's private secretary and the&hellip;..  
"MS. O' Donnell" Yvonne replied cutting Rabia off and ignoring the chair
  Rabia offered her.  
"Where is Mr. Farid?" Yvonne asked looking around the office, noting the
  number of desks and staff quickly.  
Rabia smiled and explained that Mr. Farid was delayed and would be an hour
  late.  
"I have not come to this country to be jerked around" Yvonne exploded. The
  heat was already getting to her.  
'My goodness' she thought, 'the sun is absolutely blinding'. Despite the
  air conditioning and drapes, she felt uncomfortable. Her businesses blouse
  and summer wear knee length skirt were simply not cool enough. She was regretting
  wearing her lucky leather boots also.  
She was going to have to crack the whip and get some organization into the
  place, if her hopes of an early return to London were to be realized.  
"Get Mr. Farid on the phone and TELL him, I am waiting" Yvonne ordered Rabia.  
While she waited, Yvonne went to the wash room and tied her shoulder length
  red hair in a pony tail. It was simply too hot to have it down.  
Mr. Farid was not a happy man when he arrived 15 minutes later. He smiled
  and apologized but his eyes showed that he was furious at being summoned by
  Yvonne.  
Yvonne put him the defensive when she shook his hand and said "You are late.
  We had an appointment. Not a good start to my visit is it?"  
Mr. Farid was horrified at her rudeness. Had the British forgotten good manners?  
The meeting was very brisk and business like.  
The local office gave their presentation and Yvonne listened stony faced
  and unimpressed to it.  
"Right" She said and then began to tell them without foul language that they
  were useless, disorganized, and lazy and in need of a good shake up.  
Mr. Farid, Rabia and the two junior executives looked at her with shock.
  She was being so incredibly rude. This was not the way educated people spoke
  to each other. She was in Pakistan 24 hours and knew nothing about how things
  were done.  
Rule one: Never be rude to your host.  
Rule two; Always be polite at a first meeting.  
Rule three: Remember rule one.  
It was bad enough that Head office had sent a young woman to Pakistan but
  such a rude one?  
Farid and his staff were proud of their performance. They were the most profitable
  outlet in Asia yet this red haired; slip of a girl was talking to them as if
  they hadn't a clue what they were doing.  
Yvonne refused tea when Rabia brought it in.  
"Is that made with bottled water?" She asked breaking a taboo by refusing
  a cup of refreshment offered by a host.  
"It is filtered water&hellip;.."Rabia explained looking embarrassed.  
"Take it away and use bottled water, let me check the seal of the bottle
  before you use it" Yvonne instructed Rabia as she handed Farid a file on the
  latest company guidelines.  
Mr. Farid was stunned at her behavior.  
The woman was savaging etiquette with her rudeness and harsh tone.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
The next morning, Yvonne was busy interviewing the staff and outlining plans
  to re-organize the office.  
She interviewed each employee alone and soon had them shaking in their shoes.  
Rabia was the last employee she interviewed.  
Rabia smiled but Yvonne did not.  
When Rabia got up to leave, Yvonne asked her to bring her a cup of tea made
  with bottled water.  
Rabia controlled the urge to slap Yvonne. But it was hard to say "yes Memsahib".  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
By the third day, Yvonne had so terrified the staff that the sight of her
  made them break out in a cold sweat.  
Yvonne, despite all head office had briefed her on cultural tolerance, found
  herself growing more and more intolerant.  
"What do you mean?" She demanded of Sara a 18 year old intern "Why the hell
  can't you go with Ali to Rawalpindi, it's only 30 minutes away down the bloody
  road"  
"Miss&hellip;"Sara mumbled almost in tears "Ali is&hellip;..well someone
  might see me&hellip;..and&hellip;well&hellip;.my parents are very religious"  
"Then why the hell are you working in an office you silly little girl" Yvonne
  was already annoyed with Sara for wearing ahead scarf and covering her mouth
  so that the only part of her face you could see were her eyes&hellip;  
"Besides" Yvonne snarled "Who will recognize you in that black bed sheet....or
  tent or whatever that thing you wear is&hellip;.. you&hellip;&hellip;..you&hellip;"Yvonne
  struggled to find a word "You backward girl".  
The sound of Yvonne's voice had carried all over the office, which was deadly
  silent.  
Rabia, almost a mother to the staff, intervened&hellip;  
"Excuse me, Ms Yvonne" She said in a respectful tone. "Perhaps Shella or
  Naushin can go&hellip;you see..."  
Yvonne did not give her a chance to explain. "Ali" she said to the 25 year
  old man standing silently a few paces behind Sara "Get Naushin and go"  
It was Mr. Farid who tried to explain to Yvonne that Sara was from a deeply
  religious family and only worked because the family needed the income.  
Yvonne was not impressed. "I am sure she can find a job with other ninjas" was
  her terse comment which went over Mr. Farid's head "Ninja?" He was very confused
  by this woman and what the hell was the deal with the boots? It was 40c outside
  not six feet under snow.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  
The next day Yvonne turned up at office again, Rabia sat at the reception
  and welcomed her, only to be ignored as Yvonne strode past her; she was wearing
  her boots again.  
Rabia's heart was fluttering with a curious feeling of anticipation. Those
  boots they were amazingly erotic. Rabia had never seen a woman in boots before.
  It made her feel hot in a sexual way.  
Yes, this girl was offensive and insulting, yes, she was young and naive
  and yes he had little time for the locals or it seemed any respect for the
  culture she was visiting, but Rabia secretly lusted after the redhead and her
  sexy leather boots.  
You see despite a good respectable upbringing and praying regularly, she
  had found out late in life, after much denial of earlier teenage fantasies
  that she preferred other females to men; it was something she kept secret.  
She had finally gotten to indulge her desire when her husband died. He had
  been a cavalry officer and had liked to wear his riding boots to bed; riding
  her with the same gusto he rode his horse. That had all ended ten year ago
  in a car crash that had left her a widow. She was comforted by a few friends
  and finding herself attracted to one petite convent educated 34 year old fried
  she had acted on her impulses and kissed her. The kiss was returned and soon,
  the widow Rabia was introduced by the bi-sexual Farah to the pleasures that
  a woman can share with another woman.  
Farah's husband also an army officer had been posted away but Rabia soon
  found that her long suppressed feelings could open doors she had never even
  thought of opening.  
Her next lover had been a very attractive Turkish lady attached to the Turkish
  embassy.  
This young sexy lady with a liking for thin silk blouses and tight cotton
  trousers had turned many heads when she and Rabia went around the city. You
  could almost see the tongues of the men hanging out as they scanned her hungrily
  with lust filled eyes. It had given Rabia a buzz to know that Marium was not
  interested in bedding anyone but her.  
Marium had gone now. Her tour of duty up. Nowadays she was in Paris and Rabia
  was sure a Parisian lady was enjoying the wonders of Mairum's body as she once
  had.  
Marium had also introduced her to sex games and Rabia had developed a taste
  for bondage and domination, as a result. Many times Marium had made her tie
  her up and control her. She missed Marium.  
&quot;Rabia Khan please come to my office&quot; said Mr. Farid over the intercom,
  Rabia came into the office and stood in front of his desk, Yvonne was standing
  behind and to the left of Mr. Farid  
&quot;Rabia..." he began &quot;... You have been working with us for many
  years and I thank you for your service to the company; however on the advice
  of Ms O'Donnell I will have to let you go ".  
Rabia looked shocked &quot;but why Mr. Farid? &quot;  
Mr. Farid looked at her with regret in his eyes &quot;Because Ms O'Donnell
  feels a lady of your age does not present a good image working on the reception
  desk, Ms O'Donnell feels younger receptionists, like say, Naushin or Farzana
  would be more suitable and present a fresh clean image&quot;.  
Rabia absorbed this in silence. She looked from Mr. Farid's embarrassed face
  to the aloof face of Yvonne.  
Why had she done this? Was her appearance really that bad? Yes, Naushin and
  Farzana with there low necklines, trendy tight shalwar kamiz suits and flirty
  eyes would certainly grab the men's attention.  
Rabia remembered how Yvonne would look at the other girls who worked in the
  office, those who wore their dupattas on their heads and came to work in chador
  or hijab ( head covering) and wore less trendy Shalwar Kameez with distain.  
The trendy dressers also tended to be the younger girls, who had the male
  contingent of the office under their spell.  
Yvonne's eyes shone as she let a small smile crack her stony face. It was
  a smile of contempt, a smile of victory.  
"Yes" Rabia thought as she quietly said her goodbyes to the staff (some in
  tears. All were sorry to see auntie Rabia leave) "You think you have won, but
  the war has just started my dear English rose. My sweet red rose."  
Her mind was already formulating her plan for revenge she nodded meekly at
  Mr. Farid who walked her to her car and apologized for having to let her go.  
Rabia decided Yvonne needed to be taught a lesson. Not just any lesson&hellip;...
  one that would change Yvonne forever, Rabia smiled wryly,  
She had a few phone calls to make...  
&nbsp;It was Saturday night, and Yvonne decided to see what the nightlife
  was like in Pakistan, she decided to head down the stairs wearing a nice plain
  black dress and her lucky boots.  
She had just taken a final look at herself in the full length mirror when
  there was a knock on the door.  
"Who is it?" She asked walking over to answer it.  
"Housekeeping Memsahib, to turn down your bed" A heavily accented voice replied.  
Checking the spy hole, she saw a figure wearing a hijab in a hotel uniform
  and so she opened the door and turned her back on the housekeeper.  
She felt someone grab her from behind and before she could scream, her mouth
  was covered by a hand holding a rag or something&hellip;.it was the last thing
  she remembered&hellip;.  
Yvonne woke with a start . she tried to scream but where was something in
  her mouth, she felt groggy, and she tried to move her arms. but found out her
  hands were bound behind her around a wooden pillar. she looked around; she
  appeared to be in a store room of some kind. ..  
"Good morning my little Fatima&quot; said a strangely familiar, feminine
  voice from behind her.  
She tried to turn around to see who it was but couldn't.  
"Oh don't worry my dear English rose" The voice said softly.  
The person behind her walked slowly around to where Yvonne could see her&hellip;.  
"Rabia!" Yvonne thought.  
"Dear me Fatima!" Rabia said "What a mess you were when I picked you up.
  Really. those cloths and those boots&hellip;.. "She tossed a crumpled garment
  in front of her along with her red lace panties and bra.  
"It was lucky for you that I had some decent cloths that fit you" Rabia said
  uncovering an old stand up mirror and moving it in front of Yvonne.  
Yvonne saw that she was dressed in a loose cotton shalwar Kamiz. She had
  been in Pakistan long enough to see that it was on the conservative side of
  fashion. Her hair was breaded and pulled back in the manner she had seen the
  office cleaning staff wear. Her head was also covered with a dupatta. She hardly
  recognized herself.  
"You know ,Little Fatima, you really must be more careful with your hygiene&hellip;.I
  mean&hellip;I had to change the razor three times before I could clean you
  privates of all that red pubic hair" Rabia made an exaggerated shudder and
  said "Disgusting!"  
Rabia stood looking at Yvonne a few minutes a small smile playing on her
  face.  
"Oh where are my manners. I have made some tea for you &hellip;don't worry
  my dear, the water is filtered&hellip;." Rabia moved over to Yvonne and pulled
  the gag out of her mouth.  
 "HELP! HELP HEEEEEEEEEEEELLPPPPP!" Yvonne yelled as Rabia calmly brought
  a tea tray forward and placed it on a wooden crate.  
Rabia poured the tea as Yvonne yelled and wept in desperation.  
Finally as Yvonne started to weep uncontrollably. Rabia said "Oh no one will
  hear you my dear. We are way up in the forests and hills around Murree. The
  nearest neighbor is ten miles away.  
"The hotel will notice when I don't return you know&hellip;.. They'll call
  the embassy&hellip;.my fianc&eacute; will call&hellip;my company will call.
  my parents will be worried...  
You should let me go &hellip;.really&hellip;I won't tell&hellip;promise&hellip;LET
  ME GO! NOW!" Yvonne yelled.  
Rabia looked at Yvonne and smiled. "Why would the hotel notice anything?
  Who made your reservation at the hotel? I did. So when I paid your bill and
  checked you out, they didn't ask any questions; they think you are gone." Rabia
  sipped her tea before continuing  
"as for the London office, well, I worked so long for the company; I know
  how it thinks and operates. A simple e-mail request from your lap top and your
  e-mail account requesting extended leave ; another to your parents explaining
  that you are taking a tour of our country." Rabia explained calmly.  
"You know, you really are a wonderfully organized girl. I found such a wealth
  of information stored on your laptop, even old e-mails you had sent so I got
  you style right" Rabia said with a smile "Oh and by the way, your parents want
  you to have a wonderful time touring Pakistan" Rabia gave a small chuckle.  
"YOU BITCH! YOU MAD INSANE PAKI BITCH" Yvonne yelled.  
Rabia looked at her and smiled "Yes my dear, I am all those things and much
  more as you will soon find out."  
Rabia put her now empty tea cup down and picked up Yvonne's leather boots
  stroking the lovingly as she said "You know, it was these beautiful boots that
  attracted me to you." She wiped them with the end of her dupatta (neck scarf)
  and sighed contentedly. "I have plans for these&hellip;.."  
Rabia had sipped her tea as Yvonne continued hurling abuse intermixed with
  cries for help and weeping.  
She offered Yvonne her tea but put a straw in the cup so Yvonne could suck
  on it.  
"Fatima, the sooner you stop this noise and settle down the better" Rabia
  said sternly.  
"Mr. Farid will be looking for me&hellip;The report is d&hellip;.."Yvonne
  snapped  
"The report is done my dear. I did it. I just peppered it with a few observations
  of my own and attached a memo from you about touring Pakistan. You know, you
  write very well and besides, the report allowed me to settle a few office score&hellip;."  
Rabia smiled.  
"Bitch&hellip;Whore&hellip;.slut My fianc&eacute; won't believe the e-mails
  he knows I hate this place" Yvonne hissed at Rabia.  
"Ah Yes" Rabia said looking serious. "I am sure that he will eventually understand
  about your change of heart&hellip;"  
"What do you mean?" Yvonne whispered  
"Well, I e-mailed him as you, told him you needed time to think the relationship
  over and were ending the engagement in fairness to him..." Rabia explained  
"WHAT!" Yvonne gasped.  
"My dear Fatima. Men are like stray dogs. He will pine away for a while.
  howl at the moon but the moment a bitch comes and wiggles her bum at him, his
  tail will go up and all bright eyed and bushy tailed. He will forget you"  
"YOU BITCH!!! YOU LYING BITCH!" Yvonne howled.  
"You mental fucking whore! You worthless cunt! PROSTITUE!" Yvonne screamed.  
"Oh no my dear. You are the whore. Not married and without a hymen&hellip;shame
  on you!" Rabia replied calmly. "Really. what is the world coming too when girls
  like you open their legs at the drop of a hat?" Rabia asked rhetorically.  
"Was Mr. Bennett the one who deflowered you?" Rabia asked looking momentarily
  interested in the subject before saying "Ah I see in your eyes, he was not.
  Dear me Fatima what a bad life you have led. Going from one man to another
  like a common bazaar woman"  
Rabia tut tutted before sitting don on an old steamer trunk.  
"Still, no signs of child birth so I assume you have been careful&hellip;&hellip; Yes
  Fatima&hellip;.I checked you thoroughly "She said noting the shocked look on
  Yvonne's face.  
"HOW DARE YOU!" Yvonne spat  
 Rabia laughed "My little one&hellip;don't be embarrassed&hellip;"  
"I am not your little one I am not your Fatima&hellip;I am YVONNE O'DONNEL
  you stupid bitch' Yvonne yelled.  
"Now Fatima" Rabia said wagging her finger at her disapprovingly "If you
  do not behave&hellip;I will have to punish you"&hellip;.  
There was a heavy silence for a moment, the kind that seems to hold its breath
  in anticipation...suddenly Yvonne broke down in tears, not of anger but despair.  
&quot;why. why me?&quot; Yvonne sobbed.  
Rabia put her arms round her and embraced her, &quot;because my dear Fatima,
  you are a lovely beautiful girl, who needs to be loved..."  
suddenly Yvonne snapped &quot;listen bitch, had a good life...a loving man
  a good man &hellip;mmmmm!" Rabia slipped the gag back on Yvonne.  
"Yes." Rabia said "but you&hellip;my sweet little Fatima... deserve better
  then good. I will show you what real love is&hellip;.men are so &hellip;selfish
  in bed you know. Yes my dear, I was married too. A good man in many ways but
  only after his death did I actually find joy in sex. You see, men are incapable
  of loving a woman properly. They are all' thrust and poke'' without consideration
  for us who must endure their brutal need to cum."  
 She smiled sweetly as she kissed Yvonne's forehead." now little Fatima...you
  will come with me&quot;  
Yvonne found it hard walking. Rabia had put draconian leg irons on her ankles
  and handcuffed her hands behind her back She was led out of the store room
  through a neat kitchen along a hall to a large and very spacious bedroom.  
Rabia sat her on the king-size bed and went and opened a closet. The closet
  had old pillows and cushions in it.  
&quot;this will be your little room when I'm not needing you my sweet little
  innocent&quot; Rabia informed Yvonne.  
Rabia sat next to Yvonne and kissed her cheek as Yvonne futilely tried to
  edge away.  
"oh my little one, I have wanted you from the second I set eyes on you in
  those lovely boots. You made my heart flutter and my juices flow with every
  word&hellip;oh so forceful, .you said. I will love being with you" Rabia whispered
  softly into Yvonne's ear as she lovingly caressed Yvonne's braless left breast
  and licked her neck.  
.  
she shoved Yvonne backwards onto white satin sheets and put her hand up  
Yvonne's Kameez,  
Rabia had undone the stitching at the crotch of the shalwar that her hand
  could easily slip in and feel the now smooth skin of Yvonne's choot. She started
  to rub Yvonne's clit, Yvonne started to struggle, appalled at what Rabia was
  doing to her. But as Rabia's expert fingers toyed with Yvonne's love button,
  Yvonne felt an unmistakable rush of pure sexual pleasure rip through her. She
  shuddered as her body responding as it had never done before to the manipulation
  of her clit.  
&quot;yes Fatima. you will be well loved "Rabia whispered kissing Yvonne
  on the cheeks as her fingers worked their magic on her sex.  
"See my dear" She said looking deeply into Yvonne's lust filled eyes "Your
  body knows what it needs and likes&hellip;I am sure no man has given you so
  much for so little"  
This went on for 20 minutes. Rabia moved down the bed and knelt beside it.
  Pushing Yvonne's now weak thighs apart, she untied the Nara holing Yvonne's
  shalwar up and tugged the shalwar down Yvonne's smooth shapely legs.  
They rucked at the ankles where the leg irons prevented Rabia from removing
  them completely.  
Yvonne lifted her head and watched in fascination and confusion as Rabia
  bent her face between Yvonne's thighs and licked her slit.  
The first touch of Rabia's tongue tip sent a current of electric pleasure
  through Yvonne's body. Her nipples became rock hard and her mouth let out a
  slow involuntary moan of pleasure.  
Yvonne struggled to get her hands free from the handcuffs tied behind her
  back. She wanted to&hellip;what?  
Yvonne realized through her lust clouded mind that she wanted to pull Rabia's
  face closer to her choot.., not push hr away.  
The realization that she anted to be loved by Rabia's mouth burst into her
  consciousness just as her orgasm so long in building burst through her body.  
Yvonne laid panting and sweating on the bed relishing the post orgasmic bliss
  that had flooded over her.  
No man. NO MAN had ever made her cum so violently. It was amazing!  
&quot;And that my sweet, is real love&quot; Rabia said &quot;there, that
  wasn't so bad was it?&quot; Rabia then got to her feet and licking her fingers
  and lips said"Delicious!"  
She then stripped and got ready for bed.  
Turning to Yvonne, she pulled her shalwar back up, retied the Nara and helped
  the exhausted girl stand and put her carefully in the closet. She then set
  up a tape recorder on continuous playback, put headphones on Yvonne and pressed
  play. She then shut the closet door and locked it.  
Yvonne slumped on the pillows that were her makeshift bed and slowly began
  to fall asleep all she heard through the headphones was &quot;You are Fatima
  Kahn, Rabia loves you so very much, she knows what's best for you, you are
  a good little Fatima, you do as you are told, Rabia will protect you from harm..&quot; this
  went on in a loop the whole night..  
This went on for a month. Rabia using Yvonne, pleasuring her and talking
  to her in the day time and then at night locking her in the closet with the
  message bombarding her as she slept, after a month Rabia decided to test things,
  she brought Yvonne out and took her to the living room. Unbound her legs. And
  put Yvonne's knee high boots back on her now free feet. She had wanted to leave
  the boots on Yvonne but had been reluctant to risk damaging the leather with
  heavy leg irons.  
She then looked at Yvonne, &quot;Fatima if I remove the gag will you promise
  not to scream&quot; Yvonne nodded her head, the gag was removed, and in a leap
  of faith she also un-cuffed the girls hands."  
During her captivity, Rabia had enjoyed bathing and dressing Yvonne. She
  had applied hair-removing cream to Yvonne's privates so that now, the pale
  skin of Yvonne's' sex no longer had the darkish triangle that often colors
  this area when girls first begin to remove their pubic hair.  
Yvonne wore with black cotton Shalwar Kameez, and lay her on the floor  
Near the roaring fire, and lifted her Kameez, gently and seductively saying
  to Rabia "Love Me".  
 At first Rabia flicked Fatima's clit with her tongue then delved her tongue
  deep in the girl's pussy and licked hard. Yvonne started to buck like a bronco
  as the  
Elation hit her. She was moaning...pleasurable moans, and eventually she
  came  
Rabia lapped up every drop and sighed in contentment "Good girl Fatima"  
"Now Fatima. service me as I serviced you&quot; and with that Rabia took
  off her  
Shalwar and lifted her Kameez and brought her pussy to  
Yvonne's face, Yvonne started licking like a girl possessed.  
"oh meri jaan!" (Oh my darling) Rabia moaned as Yvonne licked and sucked
  her choot.  
"Oh Fatimmmmma! Kitni maza hai tumari moo sai" (OH Fatima how much pleasure
  your mouth gives me) Rabia groaned  
"Ungli dhal. Ungli sai chaudo meri chokri qaram mal" (Put you finger in.
  Use your finger to fuck me my sexy hot young thing" Rabia urged  
 Yvonne understood not a word but she understood the language that Rabia'
  body was speaking. She tasted the sweet yet saltish juice of Rabia and felt
  her body undulate and twitch with pleasure.  
 Rabia held Yvonne's head and lifted her hips from the floor as she yelled"Ooooooh
  me murigay!" (on I'm dying). And came over Yvonne's sucking mouth.  
"Fatima, I have a surprise for you" Rabia said. She opened a polished wooden
  steamer truck that was used as a coffee table and revealed all of Yvonne's
  western cloths neatly pressed and fold with in.  
Yvonne ran her hands over the fabric and wondered why she ever wore such
  clothing.  
"You may try them on if you like" Rabia said beside her.  
"No" Yvonne said softly "I like shalwar Kameez too much now to where these
  things again".  
Rabia said to Yvonne &quot;I'm going to clean up Fatima&quot; and she went
  away to freshen up, Yvonne noticed for the first time the front door was open  
ajar, she knew if she went out there was her old life. A vague memory of
  a distant country and a man hovered in the back of her mind. It disturbed her
  to think about it.  
The country was her home and the man was someone very important or had been
  important she wasn't sure anymore.  
The man cared for her yet, she didn't feel that he loved her&hellip;like
  Rabia did.  
she got up and took a few steps towards the door but stopped she realized
  if she left Rabia wouldn't be there for her to protect her. she didn't want
  that. not anymore, she turned around and saw Rabia behind her smiling &quot;I
  love you Fatima&quot; Rabia said.  
Yvonne. who at that moment in time. ceased to be Yvonne, put her arms around
  Rabia and asked "Why do you call me Fatima?"  
"Because" Rabia explained "I think it is the most beautiful name in the world"  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fiona Chung


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





