BDSM Library - The Chariot Race




The Chariot Race
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man has a chance to win the woman of his dreams.  Though it will be very challenging for him. In the end the right woman comes along instead.
The Chariot Race

The chariot race is an optional event at the Beta Beta house. Sometimes it is
required of a pledge class in addition to other tests that might be required. If
the chariot race is run an applicant must be pulled around the 'track' five
times by her champion in a vehicle that resembles a racing sulky. A lot of the
lady's weight would hang on the mans balls as would any drag made by the woman's
weight.

Gina realized that she had a problem when the ladies were weighing the tongue of
the sulky to see how much weight their men were going to endure. The average
weight was about 35 lbs. When Gina settled her six foot plus frame onto the seat
of the sulky the scale which sat at 10 pounds empty shot up to over fifty.
Needless to say Gina was disheartened by this. The probability that any man
could complete the course with that much weight was very small.

Kurt was a typical 'band geek' in high school. He had admired and desired Gina
from afar throughout his entire high school career. It was fortunate indeed for
him that when he arrived at LMU two years ago that his Gina was also there.

Kurt was sitting outside the main library watching the student bodies pass when
he noticed a woman from his past coming towards him. He recognized her and his
balls instinctively drew up into his body. It was Wanda. Wanda had introduced
him to ballbusting in his senior year in high school. He was drawn to her 'like
a moth to a flame.' His balls became very familiar with the tops of her feet and
the inside of her grasp during the last year of high school and since then on a
continuing basis.

Alas.. Wanda had found new meat and was moving on since she chose not to go to
LMU but to a smaller college upstate. This left curt as somewhat of a loose end
as it were. As Wanda approached Kurt crossed his legs and put the heavy textbook
he was holding securely across his lap. Wanda giggled. Relax Kurt I'm not here
for that.

Kurt was puzzled by this. Wanda never came to see him if it wasn't for 'that'.
The fact that Wanda was Gina's best friend was the only thing that kept him from
totally brushing her off. Well that and....

Kurt asked...Why did you come here then.

Wanda said...silly boy.. because now is your chance. Gina needs a champion for
the chariot race and you are going to volunteer. Kurt could not believe his good
fortune. He listened raptly to Wanda's description of the chariot race smiling
faintly until she described Gina's problem.

Fifty Pounds!!! His face was white.. his balls had disappeared up into his
abdomen.

Wanda said ... now now... no fussing here's your chance. I know how much weight
you can lift. Remember last year?. Wanda grinned an evil grin and said .. Take
this chance or I'll come back and.... well you don't want to think about that do
you Kurt honey huh?... Kurt thoughts flashed to the heirloom knife that Wanda
kept in the top drawer of her dresser. It was a special knife. One that had been
handed down from her great grandmother to her grandmother to her mother to her.
Kurt got even more pale.

Wanda handed him a sheet of paper and walked away.

Kurt was dazed. Finally he looked down at the paper .. It was the official rules
for the chariot race.



 Kurt went back to his apartment. He studied the paper Wanda had given him. He
noticed that it had several notes on it. He noticed that there was a picture of
the 'chariot'. He noticed that the chariot was a crudely made vehicle comprised
mostly of wood and steel. It had old bicycle tires on it. His mind began to
stir. He worked all night on this problem. Finally early the next morning he
decided on a course of action.

The first thing he did was to go into the storage room and get his 'weight
lifting' set. It consisted of a parachute ball stretcher and a set of barbell
weights. He put 15 lbs on the bar. He attached his balls and began to lift. It
had been some time since he had lifted and then Wanda had been 'encouraging'
him. He noticed the picture of him with 30 lbs hanging from his balls. He also
noticed the expression on his own face. The weight became unbearable at 20 lbs.
this time and he stopped. This was definitely not going to be easy.

Well anyway he had formulated his idea and he set off in search of Gina. He
found her hanging out and studying in the student union. As he approached he
could tell that Gina was depressed.

He walked up and gave his goddess his best 'hi'. He knew before it had
completely escaped his lips that it was the lamest thing he could have done. But
it was too late to call it back.

Gina sort of rolled her eyes up at him without actually moving and said. Oh..
hi.. and her eyes went back to her book. She had barely noticed he was there. It
was the story of his life. Women just looked right through him.

Kurt knew that there was no other way so he slogged ahead. Gina I know about
your problem with the chariot race.

Gina rocked forward in her chair and grabbed him by his shirt. And I suppose
you're going to mount a protest little man. Give me a hard time about it. Well
just get in line. The pledge chairman hates me. That's why she did this. The
other girls will have a chance next year. I waited late because I didn't have
time for social stuff. Now I never will. So just get in line bub!

Kurt squeaked out a startled... you don't understand. Gina's eyes fairly popped
out of her head. The thought of 'pulverizing this little weasels nuts right
here' briefly flitted across her brow. Kurt saw it and gasped. Still he
persisted... Nnnnooo... I want to volunteer to be your champion.

Gina laughed out loud. Then she looked him over. He wasn't tall but he was
athletic and judging from the 'bulge' he had the required equipment. Even if he
was a nerd. She decided to let him talk.

'I'm listening'

Kurt briefly outlined his strategy and finished by handing her the picture of
him lifting 30 lbs. and saying. Your mom controls XXmaterialsXX doesn't she?
Maybe she could help.

Gina decided to investigate further. She said come with me.

  

They went to sorority house. The other girls were testing their champions in the
main hall. Soon Kurt was naked.  Kurt watched four women as they proceeded to
beat the crap out of four bound men.

Gina fondled Kurt's balls. He gasped. She liked the feel of them. Gina thought
it was going to be a shame to ruin such a nice pair of balls. But the matter at
hand reasserted itself. She gave the balls a strong squeeze. Kurt grunted.

Then she kneed him hard. Kurt's eyes were watering but he didn't move to protect
his balls.

Gina was impressed. She decided that it was time to end this fantasy. The other
women in the hall were chanting. Gina... Gina.... Gina...

She commanded Kurt to bend over the spanking horse and spread his legs. His
balls were nestled against the padded end of the horse. There was padding but no
give in the end of the horse. She secured them in place with a leather strap
around the neck of the scrotum.



Gina said 'say goodnight Gracie' She positioned herself and took a step forward
and in one motion gave a crushing blow directly to the balls trapped in the
specially shaped end plate of the horse.

Kurt screamed....a long loud scream that trailed off into a sustained moan. Gina
couldn't think when she had ever heard a more expressive or agonized sound. The
women were cheering..

They wanted to see her pop his balls.

Gina expected Kurt to run off the end of the horse like water. She was surprised
when he didn't move. He was moaning and crying but he didn't move. Gina thought
she must have burst the balls and moved up and took a look. The balls were
swollen and there were scuff marks on the scrotum.

Gina asked him. Had enough? are you going to beg me to stop?

Kurt wasn't thinking much at this point. He knew though that if he was to win
Gina he had to persist. He responded.. 'As you wish mistress'.

Gina had never thought of herself as a dom.. only a woman who enjoyed
ballbusting. And judging by her sex life.. there were plenty of men who did too.

Gina delivered the second blow. Kurt's balls were turning purple. Kurt was
moaning continuously now. She delivered the third and hardest blow directly to
Kurt's balls.

Gina was impressed. He hadn't passed out. He was crying and blubbering but he
wasn't begging her to stop. She thought about a fourth kick but decided that
bursting his balls wouldn't serve her needs. Kurt's balls were indeed capable of
absorbing a great deal of punishment.

The other women were somewhat disappointed especially the pledge coordinator.
She gave Gina a meaningful glare. and said... 'that will cost you'.



The next week after Kurt had recovered Gina and he worked on a new design for
the chariot and trained him to lift more with his balls.

 

Kurt continued to go to classes regularly. He noticed a lot of the other
students (especially the women) looked at him sort of funny. He assumed that
word of the chariot race and the initial 'screening' and the Beta Beta house had
spread. It turns out that this was an understatement.

The deputy chair of the engineering department was a statuesque woman in her mid
forties. Her name was Suzanne Shefield. If you looked at her office wall you
could see that she was a past president of the Beta Beta sorority. Ms. Shefield
put a message in Kurt's mailbox that she wanted to see him.

Kurt thought...uh oh... this isn't good. No one gets called to the department
office if something good is happening. He sheepishly made his way to the office.
The secretary (a freshman woman) blushed a little as he entered the office and
giggled. 'I know you' She said. Ms. Shefield is expecting you.

Kurt entered the office. Ms. Shefield spoke in a business like fashion. Kurt
I'll be very straightforward. I've heard about the chariot race and the incident
at the house. I've taken a personal interest in this event. Therefore I've taken
a personal interest in you.

I need to see the equipment for myself. Take off your clothes.

Kurt was a little shocked at her request but his life was completely out of
control anyway so he complied. She rolled Kurt's balls from side to side noting
their size and texture. She let them drop and saw how they hung lower than
average.

She seemed satisfied with the preliminary look. She ordered Kurt to bend over a
big overstuffed chair at the end of her office. Kurt knew by her demeanor that
in the end this was going to hurt. But he complied.

When he was settled over the back of the chair his balls made an inviting
target. She said 'Since I'm going to test you in such an intimate way you may
call me by my given name in private'.

Kurt replied 'thank you Suzanne'

Suzanne abruptly gave Kurt's balls a very strong squeeze. Kurt grunted. Then
another squeeze and another grunt.. louder this time.

Suzanne quickly became bored with the squeezing game. She reached behind her
desk and pulled out an evil looking device. Kurt could see it in a mirror over
his head. He wondered what it did. He didn't doubt that it would cause a lot of
testicle pain. He was right.

What it did without being too technical was measure the amount a mans testicles
deformed under a specific strength impact. The force of impact on the balls was
varied by a sliding set of weights.

Suzanne said 'this will begin to hurt after a while. You'll just have to bear
with it. After a while turned out to be the very first impact.

Suzanne dropped the weight, there was a pronounced 'smack', Kurt grunted loudly
and a computer printer spit out the results of the trial. Suzanne added more
weight to the contraption and repeated the cycle .Another pronounce 'SMACK' much
louder this time. Kurt practically wailed. Suzanne asked if she was going to
have to gag him. He said no.

After about 10 cycles of testing Kurt's balls were giving quite a bit. A replay
of the video taken by the machine showed Kurt's balls going from their regular
(roughly egg shape) to sort of oval pancakes. Suzanne set the machine on it's
next to highest setting and released the weight. Kurt SCREAMED... and was
breathing very hard. Tears were streaming down his cheeks. He thought she had
popped his balls... But she hadn't. Kurt was beginning to think it would be
better if she had. Through his sobs he politely asked her if she could see her
way to not doing that again. Suzanne was about to rebuke him then she abruptly
turned the machine off and removed it from Kurt's back.

She said. I think I've seen enough. Kurt wondered what that meant. Then she
said. I've decided to release you from all of your classes so you can
concentrate on training

  

Kurt went back to his apartment with the intent of sitting a long time in a hot
bath to soak 'the boys' so that they would stop complaining about the way the
ladies had been treating them.

When he opened the door the message light was flashing on his recorder. He
thought about ignoring it but decided that maybe it was Gina. So he played the
message.

It said.... Kurt you and I are going to move into dean Shefields' house so we
can concentrate on your training. Kurt listened to the address and his heart
sank. He wondered if his balls would survive the 'training' let alone survive
the actual race.

When Kurt arrived at the house he rang the doorbell. Gina answered. She was
wearing a tight leotard and the top left little doubt that she was a woman. Kurt
was hard instantly despite the continuing ache in his balls from the incident at
the deans office this morning. Gina noticed his erection with satisfaction and
said come in. We're downstairs.

When Kurt reached the bottom of the stairs he stopped. His mouth dropped open.
His balls drew up inside his body in horror. He had never seen such and
extensive collection of paraphernalia designed to cause testicular pain in his
whole life. He thought about bolting. He would have if Gina hadn't been on the
stairs behind him. Gina nudged him out into the room.

Gina said. You need to take your clothes of so we can get started. It's only
three months until the race. You've got a lot of work to do.

Kurt hesitantly disrobed. Just as he had finished Suzanne Sheffield walked into
the room. She appraised his body boldly. Kurt thought she looked like a shark
sizing up it's prey.

Suzanne laughed a little at Kurt's expression. She said. I'm just an advisor
Gina has to do all the training herself. Kurt felt some relief that Gina would
do the actual training. Though he had little doubt the  shark would be calling
the shots.

Gina pointed to a horse much like the one she had put Kurt on at the Beta Beta
house. She said.... up on the horse.. and spread your legs...let's get started.

Kurt moved dazedly to the horse and climbed up on it. He felt Gina gently
squeezing his balls. He liked that. She began to pull them away from his body.
Then he felt cold steel. He asked hesitantly what she was doing. She said I'm
attaching a band to the neck of your scrotum. We can't have the boys pulling
back just to avoid a little training now can we. Kurt weakly said... I guess
not.

After she had finished she told Kurt he could look. He looked and saw flat
leather ring permanently attached in place around the neck of his scrotum. It
pulled his balls nicely to the bottom of his sack. It tugged a little but didn't
hurt. He began to think that this training stuff might not be so bad.

Gina said... Ok enough lollygagging. Get over on the front frame...first
position. Kurt figured out that the front frame was a device that made him bend
over and stick his butt out. Kurt asked what first position was... Gina kneed
him and said it's over the frame legs spread. It gives me easy access to your
balls and holds you up if you pass out. Kurt complied though stiffly.

He was terrified.

 

Gina stood back from Kurt's dangling goodies and gave them a moderately hard
kick with the top of her foot. Not nearly as hard as she had hit them before.
Kurt grunted. ooff! His poor balls were screaming that they had had enough and
he should get out of the area as fast as possible.

Kurt knew that he had to persevere. The second kick came about the same
strength. And the third, and the fourth... and the fifth... Kurt was breathing
heavily now but not grunting anymore. The ring around his balls was preventing
them from drawing up inside him for protection. Still the kicks came fifteen
...sixteen...Kurt was beginning to feel nauseous. Gina kept up the rhythm ...
twenty, twenty one.... Kurt couldn't hold it back anymore... he started throwing
up. It had been a while since he had eaten so there wasn't much to throw up.
Gina kept up the rhythm ...thirty five ....thirty six... Kurt was moaning
continuously now and dry heaving. Gina wanted to stop. It was so obvious that
this was more than Kurt could take. She looked over at Suzanne. Suzanne shook
her head no and motioned for her to continue.

By the time Gina had reached forty five Kurt had passed out. Suzanne told her to
finish the fifty count she had started. She also told her to kick harder since
he was passed out. He could take it. The results from the test she had run in
her office this morning showed it.

Kurt woke up about two hours later and his balls were swelled and ungodly sore.
They also felt really heavy. Kurt was afraid to look down there so he felt them.
There were three one pound steel rings fastened around the neck of his scrotum.
They were stretching his tender balls away from his body farther than they had
ever been.

Gina noticed Kurt was awake. She came over to him and asked how he was feeling.
Kurt replied ... I feel like a discus thrower had spent an hour and a half
kicking me in the balls. Gina laughed at him.

That's good because that's exactly what happened. It will happen again tomorrow
night so better get used to it. Suzanne says to come on up to dinner. Kurt
said... I'm naked.. I can't go up there. Gina said it's ok the other men are
naked too.

Kurt slid off his bunk but didn't think about the weights on his balls. They
reminded him instantly of their presence. Kurt gasped and reached down toward
them. Gina yelled at him not to touch the weights with his hands... Part of the
training. Toughness training she called it. Strange he thought it was just
weight busting. That's what Wanda called it.

Kurt was to notice in the next few weeks some distinctive changes in
terminology. His favorite was what he called a good old fashioned ball beating.
Now it was called impact endurance training. Kurt thought to himself... 'I love
this country!'.

One of the more interesting training methods was the running jerk... It even
drew a crowd at the running track early in the morning. Gina had Kurt run around
the track trailing a long flat piece of belting from an old hay baler from his
balls. She would run along behind him and periodically step on the belt. The
belt would stop, but Kurt's body would not since he never knew when she would
step on the belt.

Kurts balls would pop out behind his body in a mighty yank. They did this drill
every morning for three miles. The first time she stepped on the belt Kurt's
balls popped out a mere three inches. Kurt screamed and swore and nearly refused
to go on.

Gina knew that Kurt really wanted to be with her. She fought unfairly. She
showed him a little of her breast and encouraged him to run faster. He did and
as a reward she stepped on the belt more often. Kurt only gasped loudly after a
while. Even when she stopped his balls cold from a dead run.

Kurt's balls were getting tougher and stayed swollen all the time now.

 

After supper Kurt had gone to bed and slept soundly since he was exhausted.

He awoke the next morning to the sweet sound of Gina's voice. She was telling
him to get up and get showered. She urged him to get up quickly. The weights on
his balls instantly made their presence known. Kurt grunted loudly. Gina said
'quit being such a sissy' If little old weights like that hurt you're in big
trouble when it comes time for the chariot race.

Kurt showered and dressed in his training garb. It looked more like a dress than
a man's training outfit. Of course it was almost totally open in the back for
easy access to his balls. It seemed that everybody in the house had access to
his balls but him. The cook felt them and squeezed them and told him he had a
nice set. She said it was too bad that he was going to ruin them for that 'horse
Gina'. Kurt started to say something.. but thought better of it because though
she was beautiful ... she was an Amazon.. in other words... a big woman.

When he finished breakfast he was summoned into the training room. He noticed
that the A horse was set up differently than last night... It looked different
but he couldn't put his finger on it.

Suzanne stirred him out of his reflection by introducing him to a woman about 40
dressed in a chauffeurs uniform. Kurt couldn't believe his eyes. It was his high
school history teacher. Miss Jackson.

Hello Kurt... she leered at him the same way she had in high school... It still
made him uncomfortable and aroused.

Suzanne told him she had gotten him a job in a club that catered to women with
'special tastes' in the state capitol. This was about an hour drive from the
campus. Miss Jackson will drive you there and back every day.. You had better
get going or you'll be late for your first day on the job.

Kurt was startled when Miss Jackson said 'I'm glad to see that you're already
dressed. Lets get going. Kurt followed meekly behind her out the door his ball
weights clinking gently as he walked.

When he arrived at the club he was told to strip. Birthday suit was the uniform
for 'servers' here. The only addition to it was a short leash attached around
the neck of his scrotum above the weights. The only rule was that the weights
had to be bearing on the balls all the time. NO rest periods for balls.

Kurt spent the day carrying trays of drinks to rich women who watched the
continuous parade of ball kicking , stretching , enemas , and other novelties .
And Oh yes they liked to yank the hell out of his balls. And the 'overseer'
that's what he called her.. yelled and slapped him whenever he tried to rest his
weights on something. His poor balls were screaming for mercy. It was hard for
Kurt to ignore them even though it was part of the training.

The good part of the day was that a younger woman who appeared very rich had
taken an interest in him.

When it came time to go home he was delighted. Miss Jackson made sure that the
weights hung off the edge of the seat. 'Suzannes orders'...Kurt was wishing he
could rest his balls for just a little while... OOOH!!! OWWW!!!

When Kurt entered the training room his face turned white and he nearly fainted.
His beloved Gina was practicing kicking two tennis balls located on the A horse
right where his balls would be shortly. Gina was Kicking as hard as she could.
The 250 pound A horse was scooting on the floor with each kick. He knew just one
of those kicks would make him a eunuch.

Kurt felt faint.

 

Gina noticed Kurt standing there. She stopped what she was doing because she
noticed the look on his face. She didn't really want to frighten him. She
wondered why she had to do this training. She already could pop any testicles
she wanted.

Hi Kurt.... How are you

Gina had heard Suzanne and the cook talking earlier about the club. She wondered
if he'd still have testicles when he came back. The cook had described in detail
a castration that had occurred there last weekend. Gina really didn't understand
her feelings about Kurt. She only knew that she didn't really want him to lose
his balls.

Kurt wanted to tell her that his balls felt like they were about to fall off. He
also knew that if any woman approached him with a knife he'd just lay down and
let it happen. As long as he didn't have to carry these weights another day at
the club.

Gina came up to him and released the weights. She massaged his balls. She
noticed how hard the balls were and how she could feel the cords in the sack.
She rubbed and squeezed them. Kurt gasped and moaned as Gina massaged his balls.
Then she began to squeeze harder. Kurt was expecting this but it still hurt.

Kurt groaned louder and asked her to wait a little before going on harder. Gina
answered by holding his balls in the palm of her hand and giving them a
moderately hard punch! Kurt dropped to his knees almost falling on top of her.

Don't be such a sissy! You knew the training would be hard. And you begging for
mercy all the time doesn't make it any easier. Now up on the X frame!!

Kurt wearily and slowly stood up and walked over to the X Frame. He stood up in
place and put his arms and legs into the binders. Gina secured him in place and
raised the frame and his body up about a foot.

Suzanne came in carrying a clipboard and pulling a cart with what must have been
a hundred pounds of weights on it. There was also a bunch of hardware for
connecting balls to weights. Some of it looked right down mean. Gina looked at
the 'hitches' and settled on an improved parachute ball stretcher. This
particular model spread the load evenly on the balls so that there weren't any
pressure points to initiate a 'rupture'. No popping the balls before race day
was the motto.

Suzanne looked at the clipboard. She spoke evenly and clearly...

Even with the new chariot and the new harness Kurt will have to pull a sustained
load of about 35 lbs. And he'll have to hold peak loads of up to oh say 60 lbs
max. With the new ball hitch Ginas' mother has donated we'll be able to get at
least a 50% maximum increase in the weight he'll be able to hold. So in order to
sustain the peaks Kurt will have to be able to hold about 40 Lbs.

Kurt gasped... though he knew going in that the thirty pounds he had held up in
high school wouldn't be enough. Especially since he had only held it long enough
to snap the picture and was in agony for two days after. He had never tried it
again.

I suggest we start with 15 pounds as a baseline and go up from there we have
time to increase gradually. Kurt was glad to hear that Suzanne had grasped the
reality of his situation and didn't want to tear his 'treasures' off
immediately.

What Kurt hadn't expected was that Gina dropped the fifteen lbs from a height of
about a foot above his balls.

YANK!!! AAAGGGG!!! GAAAHGGG!!! Kurt gurgled before he passed out.

 

ABOUT A WEEK BEFORE RACE DAY.....

Kurt hung easily from the x frame. The baseline 25 lbs swung gently from his
manhood. It hurt but was bearable. He knew that tonight would be the first time
they went for peak loads....

He had held 35lbs for 20 minutes the night before. He was in agony this morning.
Gina approached with a blindfold. She had started putting this on because he was
such a sissy if he could see what was happening. He thought they had only gone
up to 35 lbs... The truth was that they had gone up to 45 lbs... tonight she
would try to go to fifty.... Those were  Suzannes instructions... She worried.
Kurt's scrotum was translucent at 45 lbs... she worried that she'd tear his
balls completely off.

After the blindfold was in place she put a ten pound plate on the platform
hanging from Kurt's balls. Kurt moaned. Gina teased him about being a sissy and
gave the weight a little push. It swung back and forth rhythmically stretching
Kurt's scrotum and balls..... she nearly came....Then she added another ten
pound plate...

Kurt groaned.....nearly continuously now... and asked her to wait a little.. and
worried aloud that he'd never be able to hold enough weight to pull her at the
race...

She asked him are you ready to go another plate.. he choked out a weak 'yes...'

Gina slid another ten pound plate onto the platform. She dropped it about an
inch so that it would put a pronounced yank on Kurt's already straining balls...

Kurt Screamed.... but didn't beg to be released... soon he was just grunting...
and fifty five pounds were swinging gently from his battered balls....

Gina let them hold for a full five minutes ... softly praising Kurt for his
strength... but also warning him that he'd have to go higher.... finally he said
he was ready but begged her to be gentle....

She said 'I'm always gentle... you're just a wimp'

she dropped five more pounds for a total of sixty pounds.... curt was at his
limit he couldn't hold back he just screamed and moaned his lungs out begging to
be released.

....Gina .... let him hang there for a full five minutes before she took the
last weight off the stack.....

Kurt reached the peak of sixty pounds four more times that night... he slept
until noon the next day.

 

When he got up he didn't even notice when the ten pound weight he carried all
the time now snapped tight. he got ready for his morning run.

When he got downstairs Gina was working on the chariot. It was a week out and
they still hadn't tried the chariot. Today would be the day.

Gina and Kurt went out to the track and Kurt straddled the shaft of the new
chariot that Gina would ride on race day.

Suzzane looked on while Gina hitched him up. Gina was gentle but managed to
impart a couple of severe yanks on Kurt's balls while she was getting in. When
she sat down on the seat the shaft reared up and slapped Kurt's balls with a
resounding 'SPLATT!!' Kurt went down.

Suzanne made a note in her book that Gina would have to work on mounting and
dismounting without rupturing the 'horse'.

Finally Kurt recovered and stood up holding onto the shaft to keep it steady.

The rules stated that on race day the 'horses' would be blindfolded and wear
earplugs.. They would be given directions with a riding crop so they would know
which way to go and when to start and stop. This required a great deal of trust
on the horses part.

Gina slapped Kurt's back with the crop and he started up. She directed him
trough a series of left and right turns and stops and starts. It wasn't long
before welts covered his back.

Gina hit him harder when he made a mistake. Finally Kurt jerked off his
blindfold and his earplugs. He reached back and jerked the crop out of her hands
and broke it over his knees.

Gina was taken aback. Kurt had always acquiesced before. She saw the look of
frustration on his face and didn't know exactly what to make of it.

Kurt said "Don't whip me! If you want me to turn gently tap me on the left for
left, right for right.. at the top of my back for go. at the top of my butt
crack for stop. Got It?'

Suzanne gave her another crop. She tapped gently on Kurt's back between his
shoulder blades and he started up. She stopped him by tapping gently at the top
of his butt crack. It worked perfectly. The worked so well together that she
could even back the chariot into a parking place.

After the chariot training session Kurt was whisked off to the club

When Kurt got to the club, the manager told him he'd have a private party all
day today and to go directly to the 'private party room'. Kurt was
apprehensive.. Some of his compatriots had come back bloody from that room. He
worried that today was his turn to be bloody... still he went.

When he reached the room the mysterious woman was there. She was nearly naked...
When Kurt approached her she shed the rest of her clothes. She was
magnificent.... Kurt kneeled before her.

She told him to stand up. Kurt was instantly on his feet. She pointed to the
X-frame on the far wall. The pile of weights next to it didn't escape his
notice.

After he was secured the mysterious woman fastened an old fashioned parachute
ball stretcher around his scrotum and summarily hung twenty pounds from it's
hook.

Kurt grunted...it hurt but not anymore than yesterday...

Mysterious said 'very good.... lets see what you've got'.

She then proceeded to hang another ten on the weight without ceremony.

The old fashioned ball stretcher was quite a bit more severe that the modern
weight spreading hitch Gina had been using on him... He was begging her not to
go any higher....

She smiled knowing that she could indeed go higher if it suited her purposes
without permanently injuring him... but that wasn't her point.

She knelt down in front of him and gently took his cock into her mouth. He was
limp but rapidly began to get hard under her ministrations.

She sucked him vigorously for about 15 minutes and finally he came in great ropy
strings of semen. And this with 30 pounds of weight hanging from his balls...

She smiled at him and said... you pass....

Kurt was puzzled....'Passed?'

Yes.... you get to keep them....

'Keep them'...

Yes... your balls silly... you get to keep them because you passed.

 

Race day dawned bright and cool. The race was to start behind the Beta Beta
house and continue on the surface streets around for about a mile.

There were four entries in the race. Each had an old fashioned chariot.

Two of the 'horses' collapsed when their riders got into their chariots. They
were immediately disqualified. They would make for good sport in the main hall
tonight.

The third entrant was treated very carefully by the young woman who was riding
him. She weighed barely 105 lbs. She had starved herself to get down to this
weight. All she had to do was finish this race and she was in.

Gina and Kurt were the other team. Gina mounted in a businesslike
fashion...quickly stepping up on the mounting plate and gently seating herself.

The resulting pulses stresses on Kurt's balls were pretty strong but not so much
that he couldn't stand it. It looked pretty amazing to the camera recording the
event.

Gina had added an electronic load meter to the hitch and it registered 35 lbs.
They were at the starting line.

The gun went off and Gina gave Kurt the signal. He started up and off they went.
The load meter hovered around thirty five pounds. Sometimes higher sometimes
lower.

The first leg of the course was a straight level quarter mile stretch away from
the house. At the end of the straight stretch there was a sharp turn at the base
of a short slope.

 



Gina gave the signal to turn right and start up the hill. The load meter showed
40 pounds but it was holding steady and they were making good progress up the
hill.

The other team was coming a little faster because she had a sturdy 'horse' and
was quite a bit lighter. Gina had lost about 10 pounds in the preparation for
the race but was still a well muscled Amazon... And it took a toll on Kurt's
balls.

They reached the crest of the hill still in the lead... Kurt had been running
and pulling Gina for about two weeks now. He was breathing hard but still
pulling steady. The next leg was a crooked down hill. The meter was still
registering 40 lbs but the tongue was pushed through Kurt's legs about a foot in
front of him.

Gina noticed the ditch across the road too late to warn Kurt. The wheels of the
chariot dropped into the ditch and the hitch jerked from in front to in back and
smacked hard against Kurt's crotch in the process... Kurt stumbled... he nearly
fell

He struggled in his harness but she had tied his hands so that he couldn't reach
his balls. The rules specifically stated that if the 'horse' touched any part of
his genitalia with his hands during the race ...the team would be disqualified.

Kurt regained his stride and continued on. The last leg of the race was a short
steep grade. Gina gave him the signal to turn onto it.

Kurt knew right away that this was going to be a tough pull. When the wheels of
the chariot got fully up on the inclined the load meter registered fifty five
pounds. Kurt slowed down and nearly stopped. Gina gave him the signal to go on.
Kurt knew he had to persevere if he wanted to win Gina. So he pushed on.

The other team pulled even with them because the other rider was so much
lighter. They were neck and neck. Gina gave Kurt a strong signal to go faster
....'SLAPP!'

Kurt surged forward as fast as he could. The finish line was fast approaching.
The wheels of Gina's chariot crossed mere inches in front of the other team.

Gina gave Kurt the signal to stop .

Gina was about to celebrate her victory when she noticed the president of the
Beta Beta region coming toward her. Her name was Lizbeth Chruncher.

She had a reputation of 'crunching' every set of balls that had the misfortune
to be bare in her presence.

Ms. Chruncher's face was grim. She addressed Gina and said. 'The board has
reviewed your case and have agreed that in the event that you lost this race you
would be disqualified for membership in Beta Beta. They further have agreed that
in the event that you won which you have... you would have to pass one more
test.

Gina looked nervously at Lizbeth Chruncher...

What would that test be?...

Ms. Chruncher grinned... a wicked evil grin... well honey... she drawled. you
have to castrate your horse with this'.......

She held out a long bladed machete. and a device that resembled a T-ball tee.
She demonstrated how the device worked... strecth the balls...soo..(indicating a
distance from the victims body...) place them on the tee.... and

whack!!!! (indicating a slashing motion with the machete)...

Gina considered her options and agreed to do it. Kurt was probably nearly
deballed anyway....there was blood dripping from the hitch the load hat touched
sixty five pounds at one point coming up the last incline.

Gina locked the brake on the chariot and gave Kurt the signal to pull forward.

Kurt obediently pulled and his balls stretched out behind him a sufficient
distance for the tee.

Gina set the tee down under his straining balls and stood back. Gina had the big
knife over her head and was beginning the down stroke when she heard the
distinctive click of a Baretta Nine Milimeter automatic pistol chambering a
round. She remembered that sound from training in her first year of ROTC.

Wanda said evenly.... That's enough Gina...put the knife down....

Gina made as if to bring the knife down and Wanda pressed it into her back. Do
you wanna try me... Gina? hmmm...??

Gina dropped the knife...

Wanda released Kurt and called the ambulance over.

They packed Kurt's battered Genitals in big gauze bandages and whisked him away
to the hospital.

The next day Wand was consulting with Kurt's Doctor. The prognosis was
excellent.. A few (20) stitches yesterday... lots of bed rest and Kurt would be
good as new.

The doctor was puzzled about exactly how the injuries had been inflicted
though... Wanda took her down to the cafeteria and explained it to her.

Kurt woke up and there were two women standing at the foot of the bed. Ms.
mysterious and Wanda... Kurt said

'What are you doing here'.. well he sort of grunted it... He wasn't 100 percent
yet...

Wanda said... Meet my older sister... she is quite impressed with you.

Wanda said... I think you should watch this tape Kurt... It was the tape of the
race including the near castration and Wanda rescuing him...

Kurt thanked her profusely... and Wanda reached down and gave his battered
manhood a good strong squeeze.... Kurt Groaned ...loud and long and looked into
her eyes....

Wanda said....

Yes I know Kurt.... I love you too.

(stay tuned for the next episode of Kurt and Wanda)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tom Snel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





