BDSM Library - Bonding




Bonding
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young couple is kidnaped and taken to an Island where they are seperated and brainwashed.
(This is a very different type of story than most that I've written. Its about a
young couple who are kidnaped and taken to an Island where the encounter brain
washing during their captivity and kept seperated for a very long period of
time. There isn't any sex in the first chapter but the buildup will be worth the
wait.)

     Dee sat next to her husband Tom in the dim light of the plane, their hands
were cuffed in front of them and fastened to a steel bar running down the length
of seats. Dee did not remember much from the night before when they encountered
a group of men with guns who forced them into a van and injected them with
something that made them sleep.

  They were on their way to Nevada on a lonely section of interstate when the
van pulled in front of them and forced them off the road. Tom had lost his job
in New York due to cutbacks and they were moving to Nevada to get a fresh new
start.

   Dee and Tom had been married for three years and were eager to start a family
but for financial reasons they were holding back from starting a new family
until Tom started a new job.

   Dee was twenty-six with long red hair and although she was 5'6" tall and
large bust size, she considered herself petite because of the small frame of her
body.

  Tom was not any larger from his wife's size at only 5'6" tall and had a small
frame himself for a man. He was two years older than his wife was and many
people thought they were sister and brother because they both had red hair.

  The plane landed and two men unlocked the cuffs from the steel bar of the
plane than placed a different pair on the couple which were black and padded but
just as strong as the other pair, it not more so.

  The men placed another pair of shackles around their ankles with a small bar
in the center, which would make it difficult to walk. The couple followed the
direction of the men, hobbled out of the plane, and helped down the stairs.

  Dee looked around at her surroundings and noticed there were tropical plants
along the walkway, which at least gave her a clue they were somewhere warm. She
followed right behind her husbands steps as they walked into a large building.

  From the outside, the building looked like a warehouse but once inside they
noticed an entirely different appearance. Dee was following her husband down a
hallway when one of the men held his arm out in front of her causing her to
stop.

  She watched as her husband Tom disappeared down the hallway as the man lead
her into a room and shut the door. Dee was frightened now because she had been
with her husband the entire time up until that moment.

   There was a padded chair sitting in the center of the room as the man pointed
for her to set down. The man leaned down, took the ankle cuffs off her legs than
stood up, and unlocked the cuffs on her hands.

     Dee sat in the chair watching the man with the gun as he said. "Don't try
to run, the doors are all locked. Wait here and there will be someone here to
talk to you soon."

   Dee was too afraid to move as she sat in the chair with her hands on her
knees wondering what they were planning to do with her and Tom.

  The room was completely silent as if it were sound proof when someone began to
speak from an intercom and said. "I want to welcome you here and I want to
assure you that no harm will come to you or your husband as long as we have your
full cooperation."

  Dee glanced around the room and saw what looked like a two way mirror on one
wall than the sound of something loud behind her which startled her as she
noticed a metal box and been placed on the floor next to the door.

  The voice appeared on the speaker again and said. "Please cooperate and place
all of your clothing inside that metal box."

  Dee stood starring at the metal box and glanced toward the mirror with a
frightened and confused expression on her face.

  Dee just stood there a few seconds more when the voice firmly said. "Please
remove your clothing now if you don't want any harm to become of your husband."

  Dee's body was trembling as she pulled the sweater over her head and
unfastened her jeans and let them slid to the floor. She had to slide her tennis
shoes off in order to pull the jeans from around her feet.

  Dee placed those articles inside the metal box on the floor and glanced back
at the mirror knowing that someone was watching every move she made which made
her even more afraid.

  The voice came on again and said. "Please relax your not going to be harmed.
Please continue with the remaining items."

  Tears began to form in Dee's eyes as she slowly slid her bra straps off her
shoulders, reached around her back, and unsnapped the hooks. Dee kept her hands
on her bra for a few seconds more trying to postpone exposing herself to who
ever was watching behind the mirror.

  Dee kept one arm covered over her bra as she tugged her panties down over her
hips and let them fall to the floor. She reached down, picked them up, and
placed them in the metal box followed by her bra, as she stood in the room naked
with her back toward the mirror.

   The only choice she had was to keep one arm across her tits and her other
hand covered her pussy as she stood facing the wall in front of her as the voice
came on again and said. "Now place the gold necklace and the rings in the box
with the other items."

  Dee started to cry as she replied to the voice and said. "My husband bought me
the necklace for my birthday and these are my engagement ring and wedding band."

  The voice firmly responded and said. "Place the remaining items in the metal
box and your husband will not be harmed."

  Dee cried as she unhooked the necklace from the back of her neck and placed it
inside the box than took her right hand and began to slid her rings of her left
hand and gently placed them on top of her clothing

  Once the items were safely inside the box, the voice came on again and said.
"Please return back to the chair and set down."

  She walked backwards until she reached the chair and sat down keeping her
breasts covered and waited for the next instructions. Suddenly the lights went
out than a loud bang filled the room that terrified Dee as she sat trembling in
the chair.

  Several minutes passed as Dee sat in the darkness wondering what was going to
happen to her next when just abruptly as before, a loud bang filled the room and
several seconds passed when the lights came back on.

  Another metal box was setting on the floor in front of Dee as she wondered
what they were going to have her do next.

  Dee soon got an answer to her thoughts as the voice reappeared and said. "Walk
over to the box and take the garments that are inside and walk back and take
your seat in the chair."

  She walked over toward the box keeping her breasts covered as much as she
could and reached inside and took out a small plastic bag and walked back to her
seat and sat down.

Just as she sat in the chair, the lights went out again and stayed out for
several minutes until a spot light came on above her head.

  The spot light illuminated the area around the chair, which left the remaining
area of the room in darkness. Dee decided to open the bag and see what was
inside when the voice appeared and said. "Good. You are cooperating just fine
and if you continue to do as you're told your husband will suffer no harm."

  Dee responded with a trembling voice and said. "Please don't hurt my husband."

  The voice responded and said. "That will depend on your further cooperation
with us; now please get dressed in the articles we have provided for you."

   Dee reached inside the bag, removed a pair of high heel shoes in the color
red, and noticed immediately that they had given her the size shoe she took. The
heels must have been six inches long and had a strap that would circle high
above her ankles.

  She than pulled out a red bra and examined it noticing that it wasn't a
typical bra at all but only designed to hold up a woman's breasts as if to
display them. She slipped the garment on, hooked the little tabs, put her arms
through the straps, and tried to pull it in place.

  Being under-wired and only enough material to cover the bottom portion of her
breasts leaving her nipples completely exposed. The other factor she noticed was
it enhanced her cleavage to the fullest.

  Dee leaned over, slipped each heel on her feet, buckled the small buckles in
place, and sat as she reached in the bag to see what else they wanted her to
wear.

  She pulled out a pair of red satin low rider short sand slipped them up her
legs, and stood up while she tugged the material over her hips and tried to
adjust the material to cover her ass but the were designed to reveal as much
flesh as possible.

   The bag was empty and Dee had hoped there was something else she could put on
over the bra as she sat with her hands still covering the top portions of her
breasts.

   Suddenly the spotlight went out and the room was very black again and stayed
that way for a few seconds until she heard a door open behind her. Light filled
the room from the doorway as the voice appeared again and said. "Get up and
follow the hallway down to the end and you will se a door on the right. Walk
inside that room and wait there for your next instructions."

  Dee stood catching her balance in the high heels and walked down the hall
toward the room the voice mentioned. Dee opened the door, walked inside, and
found a room that resembled a small apartment.

  She stood near the doorway looking around the room and noticed that everything
in the room was white including the carpet. A television, which was also white,
and a small kitchen with white cabinets and a bright red counter top which
matched her shorts, bra, and heels.

  Dee walked toward the center of the room, glanced around when she heard the
door shut, and could hear it being locked from the outside. Suddenly, they same
voice came over a speaker in the room and said. "Please make yourself
comfortable and look around your new home."

  Dee interrupted the voice and said. "Where is my husband and is he all right?"



   The voice quickly replied. "Your husband will be fine as long as we have your
cooperation. Now make yourself comfortable and look around your new home."

   Dee replied again raising her voice this time and said. "Where is he now and
when can I see him?"

  The voice replied. "Your questions concerning your husband will be answered
shortly. As long as you cooperate and do exactly what you are told than there
will be no harm done to him."

   Dee was getting frustrated and wanted some answers concerning her husband and
hollered out several times repeat ally asking when she could see him but the
voice never replied as Dee started to cry again.

  After crying for several minutes, Dee walked around the apartment looking for
a way out but soon found that everything looked normal except there were no
windows. She did see another two-way mirror on the wall and had to assume that
someone was watching her at that very moment.

  She figured she might as well explore around and walked toward the back and
found the bedroom. Dee found the bedroom decorated in white just like the other
rooms except a few red highlights, which also matched her attire. The bed was a
king sized bed and had mirrors above on the ceiling.

  There was a window along one wall about ten feet long and four feet high with
curtains on the other side blocking any view. Dee figured it must be another
room on the other side and wondered what its intention was.

  There was a large bathroom with a heart shaped sunken tub and completely
stocked with bath oils and perfumes and lotions. Everything in the bathroom was
white except for the tub, which was also a bright red.

   Dee walked back into the bedroom, noticed another doorway toward the back of
the room, walked over, and opened the door. Dee was completely surprised to find
a complete gym with everything from a treadmill, weights, bike, and anything
imaginable for a person to stay fit.

  She walked back into the bedroom and continued to look around and saw another
television and within a few seconds, an image appeared on the screen. It was a
woman explaining how important good nutrition was to stay healthy and active.

  The woman was Spanish and very attractive as she continued her speech about
eating a healthy diet and how excursive played an important to stay sexually
active.

  After listening to the woman make her speech, Dee decided to check out the
kitchen to see if there was any food in the refrigerator or cabinets. What Dee
found was a fully stocked kitchen complete with anything imaginable including
health conscience foods.

   Dee walked back into the bedroom, opened the closet, and found several pair
of heels just like the pair she was wearing and opened the drawers and found
bras and shorts just as she was wearing as well.

  Dee was tired and hungry but was not in the mod to do either because all she
could think about was her husband. She wondered if he was fine and when she was
going to be able to see him again.

 Dee sat on the bed and noticed that the room next door was not dark any longer.
She could see light behind the curtain and wondered what was going on. All of a
sudden, the curtain started to open exposing the room next door and Dee saw that
it was an identical room like her own with all of the same furniture and
everything was in white like her own bedroom.

    Dee saw someone lying on the bed, it appeared to be a man, and when she
looked closer, she could see it was Tom and she felt so relieved knowing he was
not hurt. Dee kept starring at her husband on the bed and he appeared to be
asleep and noticed that the only thing he was wearing was a red thong and
nothing else.

   Dee saw a woman enter the bedroom, remembered her from the television talking
about nutrition, and watched her walk toward the bed where her husband was
lying.

  Tom raised his head slightly off the pillow but looked very groggy and laid
back down as the woman opened a small case she brought into the room and took
out a needle and injected something into Tom's arm.

   Dee watched as the woman gave Tom several more shots in his arm and than gave
him one last shot in his thigh. Dee hit on the glass but it did not do any good
because it was so thick and it looked like another glass on the other side of
where the curtain traveled making it almost impossible to hear anything in
either room.

   Dee heard the voice again as the curtain began to close again and this time
it was the woman from the other room as she said. "Your husband has been given
something to make him sleep and you will be able to see him in the morning."

  Within seconds, the curtain had closed and the bedroom lights began to dim
automatically and the woman on the speaker stopped talking.

  Dee lay on the bed knowing her husband was just on the other side of the
glass, leaned up, took off her heels, took of the bra, got under the covers, and
laid there wondering what there captors had in store for them for the next day.

    Dee had no concept of the time of day or what day it was as she laid there
in bed and cried herself to sleep.



   Dee woke up the next morning, at least she thought it was the next morning
because she had no idea what time it was and when she looked around the room she
noticed, the curtain was open in the window.

  She immediately sat up in bed looking for her husband and saw him standing
next to the glass waiting for her to wake up. She ran over the glass, put her
hands on it, and tried to speak to him but he could not hear anything she was
saying and she could not hear him.

  The only thing she could do was move her lips so Tom could see what she was
saying and said. "I love you."

  Tom responded with the same words when the same woman walked into the room and
put her hand on Tom's shoulder and was saying something to him. Dee noticed Tom
still had on the red thongs and the woman had a satin red robe in her hand and
seemed to be telling Tom to put it on.

  Dee watched as Tom put on the robe and adjusted it as he listened to the woman
speak. She was now pointing at Dee and making other gestures with her hands as
Tom stood listening.

  The next thing Dee saw was Tom coming up next to the window as the woman
watched and waived to her as he worded the word's "I love you."

  The curtain started to close again as Dee returned the gesture and put her
hands on the glass until the curtain was fully shut again.

  The television came on and the same woman appeared who was with Tom and stated
to speak.

  Dee watched as the woman began her speech as she said. "Good morning Dee. As
you can see, your husband is fine and you will be able to see him at times of
our choice. As long as you cooperate with us, he will remain in good health and
you will be able to see him occasionally. However, remember that your full
cooperation depends on his safety and good health."

  Dee sat on the bed as the woman continued. "Today is the start of a new life
for you and you will be introduced to your new partner who will serve as your
trainer, dietitian, protector, and companion."

  Dee watched the woman speak with a confused expression as the woman
highlighted her words and said. "Let me clarify the words protector and
companion for you. You must insure for your safety, not to be afraid of your new
partner because he is there to protect you from any harm and will guide you each
day into a new journey. "

  Dee swallowed hard as she thought about the words this woman was telling her
as she continued to speak. "Most important to you will be companionship which
your partner will provide you with and understand, caring, attentive, and will
help guide you through your new life."

  Dee was listening to the woman speak of her new life wondering how long this
was going to last and when were they going to release herself and Tom as the
woman's voice got louder and more affirmative.

  The camera paned in for a close-up of the woman's face as she continued her
speech and said. "Remember what I told you about your husband's safety and good
health and I want to insure you that your full cooperation with your new partner
depends on whether he remains in that condition."

  Dee swallowed hard again as the woman spoke. "Dee, I want you to take this
time to dress in the articles that were given to you and make yourself
appropriate to meet your new partner. First, you can take a bath using the bath
oils supplied to you and we encourage you to use the perfumes. There are other
toiletries at your disposal and expect you to keep good hygiene practices."

  Dee stood up as the woman finished speaking and said. "Remember that doing
these things will always ensure your husband's safety. Now go and get yourself
ready, there isn't much time."

    Dee did not have much choice in the matter and had not showered since the
day of their ordeal and hurried into the bathroom and turned on the water while
she went pee.

Once she had taken her bath and found a shaver for her legs and combed her long
red hair once it was dry, she sat on the edge of the bed trying to figure out
how she was going to dress for a visitor when all she was given was the brief
clothing she received the day before.

   Dee slipped on the satin shorts, put on her bra, and began to buckle the
straps on her heels when the television came on with the woman again. The woman
seemed live this time and not on tap as the previous times as she said. "Dee, I
see that you are cooperating for us like you were told and we want to
congratulate you on a positive response and you will be rewarded each time you
follow our directions."



   Dee starred back at the woman on the television and replied. "What else can I
wear besides this bra if I'm going to have a visitor here?"

  The woman responded and said. "Dee, you are dressed appropriately to meet your
new partner and now I want to give you some tips and strong advice on how you
should react with him because I want you to remember about cooperating and the
final outcome on how it will effect your husband's well being."

  Dee began to look nervous as she listened to the woman speak and her thoughts
drifted toward Tom and wondering what he was doing at that moment.

  Dee listened as the woman continued speaking. "When your partner arrives to
meet you, you will be polite and shake his hand and you are not to cover
yourself in any way. We want you to act natural and pleasant and treat him with
respect because he will be your protector from that moment on in your life."

  Dee starred at the screen as the woman hesitated a moment than watched as the
camera panned in for a close-up as the woman said. "Remember this; your husband
is no longer in a position to protect you. "There will be times that you may
feel afraid or lonely and I cannot stress the fact or make myself any clearer
than this. Your partner will be there for you when you need him."

  Dee listened as the woman was just about finished and said. "Dee. There are
perfumes that we stocked in your bathroom and I want you to go and find one you
like and put some on. When your new partner meets you today, he will always
remember that scent and relate it to you. Now remember your cooperation is a
must!"

   The woman expressed one more concern to Dee and said. "You are not to ask him
why you are here or for what reason in anyway or your husband will be severely
punished."

   Dee watched as the screen went blank and walked into the bathroom where she
spent several minutes sampling the perfumes before choosing one she liked. They
were all very expensive as Dee thought to herself that what ever this was about,
money was not an issue because they seemed to have the very best.

   Dee heard a knock at the door and her heart sank knowing the person they had
told her would come and be a partner for her had finally arrived. She walked out
into the front room trying to remember what the woman had warned her not to do.

   Dee spoke and said. "Who is it?"

   A deep voice on the other side replied. "My name is Samuel and I've been sent
here to meet with you. May I come in?"

  Dee looked puzzled as she raised her shoulders and replied. "Well, the door is
locked but if you have a key I guess it's all right."

  Dee's heart was pounding as she listened to the door, as it was unlocked and
knew it would open any second and the man would see her standing there
half-naked.

  She remembered that she was doing this for Tom and it would soon be over as
she stood there waiting for the man to enter. Dee watched as the door opened and
a huge black man walked into the room and shut the door behind him.

     He turned to face Dee, extended his hand out, and said. "My name is Samuel
and you can call me Sam."

   Dee reached out to shake the man's hand feeling how huge his hand felt was
and noticed that he too was almost naked except a red pair of satin boxer
shorts.

  Dee finally replied and said. "My name is Dee but I guess they all ready told
you my name and everything about me."

  Sam replied. "No, as a matter of fact they didn't tell me your name nor did
they tell me you were such a beautiful woman. I guess they wanted to surprise
me."

  Dee had guessed that Sam was Jamaican, she was not sure but he had muscles
rippling all over his huge body. Dee guessed that he had to be around 6'5" or
more and his shoulders were broad.

  Dee replied. "You're welcome to come in and make yourself comfortable, I
really don't know what we are supposed to do so I'll leave that to you."

  Sam replied. "I'll be spending the first few days teaching you about eating
healthy foods and training you on some of the equipment in your gym."

  Dee was so nervous meeting Sam that she actually forgot that her breasts being
naked and being held out as if they were on display for his pleasure.

  Over the next two hours, Dee helped Sam prepare a meal she eagerly ate because
she had not eaten in almost twenty-four hours. At least that is what she figured
with her estimate of time.

  Sam could almost pass as a professional chief because he seemed to know so
much about food. The next thing they did was go into the gym where Sam began
explaining how to use some of the equipment properly and said that he would
teach her more each day when he visited her.

  Dee wanted to ask him so bad why they were holding her captive there and why
they had kidnapped them but did not dare in fear of hurting her husband. Maybe
she could ask Sam once she has to know him well enough.

  Sam seemed like a nice enough man but on the other hand, he was in on her
captivity as well. Dee could not really trust him in fear of harming Tom or
herself so she just went along with everything they wanted her to do.



    Sam spent another hour helping her prepare her dinner before leaving for the
day and said he would return around the same time tomorrow and they would use
some of the exercise equipment.

  Later that day, Dee was laying in her bed thinking about Tom and what he might
be doing at that very moment when the television cam on again and the same woman
appeared on the screen and said. "You've done a wonderful job cooperating with
us today and you will be rewarded just like I promised you."

  Dee watched as the screen went dark again and the curtain began to open
between the two rooms where Tom was standing there waiting to see her. Dee got
up off the bed and put the palms of her hands on the glass and although Tom
could not hear what she was saying, the look in her eyes said everything.

  Dee looked at her husband who was still wearing the red satin robe and slowly
spoke so he could understand what she was saying and asked him if he was all
right.

  Tom had replied that he was and asked Dee the same question and she replied
that she was as well. She told him she loved hi and he replied the telling him
the same thing. She wished he could hear him speak or at least hold him in her
arms but at least she knew he was safe where he was at and only because she was
doing everything these people were asking of her.

  Dee was very happy to see Tom and just when she was beginning to feel more
comfortable, the curtain began to close again as she waived at him one last time
and saw him smile.

  Dee began to cry again as she starred at the curtain that rested between the
two glass windows and knew that Tom was only a few feet from her which gave her
some comfort.

  Dee began to cry aloud and scream as her fists pounded on the glass window
uncontrollably asking to see her husband again but it was no use because he
could not hear her with the thick glass.

   She than looked up at the television and started to scream. "Why. Why are you
doing this to us? We did not do anything to you. Why don't you let us go?"

  The television came on while she was crying and Dee did not notice it until
the woman spoke directly to her and said. "Dee. We understand how painful it
must be, having to be separated from your husband at this time and we can assure
you that he is doing fine and will only be several feet away from you most of
the time. You have cooperated with us very well today and continuing to do so
will insure his safety. Please. Relax and lay down in bed while we play a video
for you. Have a good night."

  Dee wiped the tears from her eyes as she unhooked the bra and sat on the bed
to take the heels off than pulled off the shorts. She just finished getting
under the blanket when the television came on again.

   It was a video of Sam in the picture and he was lifting weights while the
same women was narrating and talking about his great looking physic. The woman
explained how powerful and strong he was as the camera panned across his body.

  Dee could see his muscles flexing with his movements as the camera moved along
his body. In this video, he was not wearing the red satin boxers he wore that
day but a tiny thong and as the camera panned in for a close-up of his bulge,
the woman laughed and mentioned his enormous size genitals.

  The video must have played for over two hours and consisted of nothing but Sam
as he worked out in the same gym connecting her room. The woman continued
speaking about how wonderful Sam was and how jealous she was that she was not
the woman selected to be his partner.

   The next day went just as well as the first as Dee trained with Sam for two
hours and had dinner with him at the end of the day. That night, Dee had
expected to see her husband Tom in the window again and waited for over an hour
but instead the television came on again with yet another video of Sam only this
time it showed him cocking and preparing food as the woman continued her gushing
over him.

  This same routine went on for the next twenty-four weeks and each day the
videos would focus on Sam and describe in every detail the benefits of having
him as a partner. Dee never saw her husband after that one night.

  She was told he was doing fine and not to worry about him because he was just
a matter of a few steps away. Dee never stopped thinking about him but paid less
time worrying about whether he was safe and in good health. She had to assume he
was as she made the best of each day spending her time with Sam.

  Dee had been spending more and more time with Sam each day only today had been
much different from any other. That morning after they had worked out in the
gym, Dee found out that Sam had training in body message and gave her a complete
message that morning.

   Dee had become so accustomed to being dressed so seductively that Sam had her
remove her bra completely while he massaged her breasts. When he had finished,
Dee practiced giving Sam a message using a few of the techniques he showed her.

  Without giving it a second thought, she messaged Sam while remaining topless
that afternoon. That night a new video showing a young woman giving Sam a
message came on the television. The woman was explaining how to give a proper
message to a man using techniques in an erotic fashion.

   The woman was Dee's age and had blonde hair and she had leaned down fair
enough that she let her naked breasts rub against his chest as she massaged his
large shoulders. Dee had to admit that she was feeling jealous watching this
other woman touch Sam with her tits.

   Dee watched the woman massaging her partner and noticed the contrast in her
white skin against Sam's dark body. Dee watched as the woman kissed Sam's chest
near his nipple causing Dee to yell out. "Stop it."

  Dee caught herself as she continued to watch the video and saw that the woman
was now massaging Sam's erection under his thong making Dee's heart race faster
as she focused on the television.

  The blonde woman was moving the palm of her hand over the large bulging thong
making Sam's cock stand almost straight up. She continued massaging him for
several more seconds until the television went black.

  Dee's heart was beating faster as she wondered what that woman was doing to
Sam, laid on the bed frustrated, and worried. The constant brainwashing they
were doing to her were taking effect as she found herself wanting to slug that
blond women for touching Sam the way she was doing.

  Suddenly there was a knock at the front door and Dee walked toward the bedroom
door and yelled out. "Who is it?"

  The person knocking answered back. "It's me Sam, can I come in?"

  Dee hurried into the front room yelling as she ran and said. "Yes. Come in."

  Sam walked into the room as Dee ran into his arms giving him a hug and began
to cry as Sam put his arms around her. Dee responded and said. "I'm glad you are
here right now, I need you with me."

  Sam replied. "You looked worried, did something scare you tonight?"

  Dee continued to hug Sam as she said. "I was just thinking about you and
wanted to be with someone tonight. You are my friend and I get very lonely and
frightened here by myself at times. Especially when your not here, I start
thinking about why I'm here and if anyone is going to hurt me."

  Dee was beginning to cry more as Sam rubbed her back and replied. "Nobody is
going to harm you as long as I'm here with you."

  She hugged him a couple more minutes until Sam said. "Let's sit down and talk
about what we are going to do about making you feel more comfortable."

  Dee walked toward the sofa and found herself holding onto Sam's hand as they
sat down. She looked down at herself, realized she was completely naked, and
closed her legs together as she held his hand for comfort.

  She had known him for six months and spent everyday with him, getting to know
him and trusted him and his companionship because he was the only living person
that interacted with her during those six months.

  Without any thought, Dee looked in Sam's eyes and said. "Can you stay here
with me tonight? Or at least until I go to sleep?"

   Sam replied. "I'll stay here on the sofa until you are asleep than I'll see
you first thing in the morning."

  Dee smiled as she stood up and started to walk toward the bedroom and turned
and leaned over and gave him a kiss on the side of his face near his lips than
slowly turned and began a slow seductive walk toward the bedroom hoping that
maybe he would follow her into the room.

   Dee's mind was playing tricks on her, she had been brainwashed over the past
six months into believing Sam was her protector and she was now looking for
comfort and maybe intimacy.

  Her mind kept thinking about Tom and wondering where he was and if he was
doing fine and in good health like they told her. Yet, she had bonded with Sam
over that long period and needed to affirm his trust with her.

  She was feeling very sleepy as she lay in bed wondering if Sam were to join
her and if he were to do so would she just lay next to him for comfort or would
he expect her to be intimate with him.

  What about her husband, he should been here comforting her right now. Why
didn't Tom come here tonight when she needed to be comforted? Why did he let
this happen to them? Sam would not have let them do this to her.

  Dee began to fall asleep hoping Sam would not leave her alone and within
minutes she was out cold and dreaming of a new day.




   Dee woke up early the next morning remembering what had happened the night
before almost instantly, got out of bed, slipped on her shorts than her bra, and
strapped her heels on as she had done for the past six months and walked into
the front room.

  To her relief, Sam was busy in the kitchen making breakfast for them as she
walked in and said. "Good morning."

  Sam smiled as he looked up from the skillet and replied. "You have time for a
shower while I finish our breakfast. Hurry, because I have something special to
do today."

  Dee hurried and took her shower and as always, she squirted his favorite
perfume on her body and joined him in the kitchen to eat. Once she sat down next
to him, she began to eat, smiled at him, and asked. "What are we going to do
today that's so special?"

  Sam smiled at her as he took a bit of his food and replied. "Eat your
breakfast and I'll show you what it is."

  Dee did not say another word while she ate and when they finished, she stood
waiting for Sam to show her what it was that was so special.

  Sam took her hand and walked Dee back into the gym and when he reached the
back wall of the room, he put his arm around her waist, pointed straight ahead
at the blank wall, and said. "This is what I wanted to show you."

  Dee sort of giggled and said. "That's what you wanted to show me?"

  Dee had to look twice because the wall began to slide toward the left, a
sliding glass door appeared, and the sunlight entered the room so bright that it
almost blinded her. Dee had not seen outdoors in over six months and stood with
her mouth wide open looking out at the sun.

   Sam walked over and slid the door open letting the fresh air into the room as
they stepped outside. Sam was still holding Dee's hand as he led her around the
large patio area, which had a kidney, shaped pool with a small waterfall on the
end. There was a tall iron fence completely enclosing the pool and patio and it
appeared to Dee that the surrounding area looked like a jungle.

  Palmetto bushes were growing right next to the patio on the other side of the
fence and there was palm trees clustered around in small groups. Dee just stood
there looking in the direction of the sun and finally said. "It's so beautiful
out here."

  Sam turned her way and replied. "You will be able to come out here everyday
from now on."

  Dee smiled as she walked near the pool and leaned over to feel the water in
the pool and turned back at Sam and said. ""The pool must be heated, its warm."

   Sam walked near Dee and said. "We'll swim in the pool later this afternoon
after our work-out and tonight you will be starting a new training program."

  The day was a happy one for Dee being able to come outside and see the
sunshine for the first time in months. She asked Sam about the new training but
he would not tell her much other than it was the last faze of training she would
endure.

  Sam had brought a red bikini matching the red swimsuit that Sam wore and they
went swimming that afternoon.

  That evening before Sam was ready to leave, he told Dee that he hoped her new
training went well and he would see her in the morning.

  It was always a sad time of the day for Dee because she was alone when Sam
left in the evenings and hoped this time the video did not show that other
woman.

  Dee was in bed that evening when the television came on and this time the
camera panned in toward a bed with a black man Dee never saw before and the same
blonde woman that was in the video the night before.

  The black man was completely naked and the blonde woman was only wearing red
heels similar to the pair that Dee wore.

  The narrator began by talking about a white woman and her black partner
sleeping in the same bed together. The woman went into detail about what she
should do to make her black partner more comfortable as they slept in the nude
except for the heels.

  The narrator said the woman must sleep in her heels at all times unless her
black partner requests that she remove them for intimacy. She went over the
basic rules that she must follow when in the same bed with her black partner.

  The first rule is wearing the heels in bed because it makes a woman look more
seductive for her partner if he chooses to have intimacy with her.

  The second rule you must follow is that under no circumstances should you ask
your partner if he wants to be intimate with you, you have to earn that
privilege.

  The third rule you must follow is the fact you must always make yourself
available for intimacy for your partner and let him know your ready if he so
chooses.

   The fourth rule you must follow is the procedure we like to call worshiping.
You must always worship your partner and what we mean by that term is as
follows. You should gently run the palm of your hand along your partner's body
picking the area that you find most sensitive to your man.

  You will know this by experiencing and practicing your technique with him. Ask
him to show you what he likes and dislikes.

  The fifth rule you must follow is that you never touch your man's penis unless
he indicates that he wants to have intimacy with you. You are not there to tease
your man but to offer yourself completely for his pleasure

  The sixth rule you must follow is that your man may reject you for reasons
that may not be your fault and you must refrain yourself from further humility
until he chooses to come to you that evening.

  The seventh rule is that you must obey is to start a birth control method and
you must remain on birth control at all times during intimacy. Your man will be
responsible to administer your birth control every evening before bedtime. If he
so chooses to end your birth control than he may do so at anytime without your
consent.

  The eighth rule you must follow is that you must follow any instructions or
demands your man may impose on you. You will learn further techniques in the
following video's starting immediately... They will consist of teaching you how
to use your virginal muscles, your mouth and your hands to enhance your ability
to please your man. His pleasure and satisfaction will be your ultimate goal.

  The ninth rule you must follow and is a very important rule for you. Under any
circumstances should you refuse to obey a demand from your man, a very severe
punishment would administered on your husband.

  The tenth rule you will lean more about in an upcoming video but it will
consist of working with an assistant, which we will assign to you and your
partner. You will learn to work with your assistant who we completely trained
for you and your partner's pleasure.

  Your assistant has gone through extensive training to be completely docile and
we will train you how to use your new assistant to take full advantage of the
skills we have given that person.

  Dee thought how she did not like the idea of having another woman in the same
bedroom with her and how uncomfortable it would make her feel. She listened as
the narrator continued speaking.

  Those are the ten most important rules you must follow and now we will
continue with your training, which will help, you develop your skills in
pleasing your partner.

  Over the next month, Dee watched over four hours of video each evening, which
consisted on developing her love making techniques. Sam brought Dee a black
dildo to practice learning how to use her virginal muscles on her partner.

    During that month, Sam would ask Dee questions about her training and he
would suggest any advice he could to make her feel comfortable. The only
question Sam could not answer was the reason why they had to have an assistant
and if he knew who the woman.

  Sam told her she would learn more about her assistant in the very near future
and should only concentrate on things they wanted her to learn now.

   Over those seven months, Dee's brainwashing continued on schedule and several
factors she was not aware of was the fact they were giving her a drugs that
would keep her mind confused and sedated to a level where she did not seem to
worry about her husband.

  They kept her mind occupied on Sam the entire day and during the eighth month,
her video training increased to several hours each day. Dee literally spent
every moment of the day about Sam and how to please him.

  They kept everything in the world from her so she had no concept of current
events and even the date was a mystery for her... They made sure her only
concern in life was thinking about Sam.

  Half way through the eighth month, they began to teach Dee about the assistant
she would have.

  They played a video with the same blonde-haired person who had been in the
video with Sam a couple months ago and when she saw her face, Dee got angry
because that woman had touched her man.

  Once Dee saw the blonde-haired women and saw her with a different black man,
it se her mind at ease as she watched the opening segment of the video.

  Dee watched as the assistant helped her bathe and noticed the assistant was a
blonde woman wearing a red satin robe. Dee found it interesting that the woman's
assistant had long blonde hair like the woman and wondered if her assistant
would have red hair.

  Dee watched as the assistant kneeled on the floor and put the heels on the
petite blonde woman. She than helped the blonde-haired person fasten her bra in
place and squirted perfume between the blonde-haired woman's cleavage. Next came
the satin red shorts and the assistant helped with those as well.

  The screen faded out than came back on with a different scene-taking place and
this time it showed a close-up shot of the blonde taking off the red satin robe
from her assistant. The camera only showed them from the waist up and although
her assistant was pretty, her breasts were only half the size of the blonde
woman.

     The assistant got on her knees as the camera panned down and kissed the
woman's belly and than her pussy mound. The narrator came on and said it was
fine to engage in lesbian style love with your assistant as long as your man
approves.

   Dee noticed the assistant seemed as if she were focusing on giving the blonde
woman as much pleasure as possible with her tongue. After twenty minutes, the
camera faded out again

   When the picture appeared, the assistant was standing at the end of the bed
as she watched the blonde-haired woman's black partner make love to her.

  The video covered many scenarios that could take place between the woman and
her assistant, they showed Dee a different video every single day and would
sometimes repeat certain videos when she asked Sam something she had concerns
about to refresh her memory.

  During the ninth month, the videos consisted of different white women having
sex with black men they encouraged Dee to play with her pussy and practice using
the black dildo as she watched the training videos.

  The tenth month elevated to the next level of their brainwashing techniques as
the video is focused on a more critical and sensitive subject. For the first
time in ten months, they began to talk about her husband.

  They began telling Dee that her husband was still in very good health. They
had developed a video technique that made a comparison of her husband and Sam.
They had comparison charts, which pointed out positive attributes that Sam had
and completely reversed it for her husband and pointed out his negative
attributes.

  Subject matter covered anything you could imagine but mostly focused on Sam
and they stressed this fact repeatedly.

  The next tow months focused on a combination of everything she had learned
over the past ten months only this time they worked on a new subject that was
very sensitive to Dee.

   The first night of the eleventh month was the night they began their last
phase of brainwashing.

  That night the narrator came on the television and began to explain; "A spouse
may grow apart from there husband or wife. A wife may not see any recognizable
attributes she once saw in her husband. She may feel completely different about
her husband after a long separation. This is especially true when she becomes
involved with a man she feels is much more compatible and suitable for her
needs."

  The narrator directed her attention to Dee and said. "This has been especially
true in your case Dee, because you have fallen in love with Sam and you care
about him a great deal more than you do Tom."

  Dee sat up in the bed listening to the narrator speak with tears in her eyes
as the narrator continued. "It's not fare to you and Tom to try and continue a
relationship that has defiantly changed. You must except your fate and end the
pain you have inside you. You must decide and make the right choice for your
future. You must make the choice and there is only one choice you can make if
you want to end your husband's pain."

  Dee was wiping the tears from her eyes as she listened to the narrator. "Tom
has agreed to end your marriage as you once knew it. He has agreed and has made
a decision that you both should move on with your lives. Tom is aware that a new
man has entered your life He feels that you should focus all of your love and
devotion to your new found love.

He fully understands that your separation has taken its toll on your marriage.
Tom knows you no longer seek him for comfort or love and encourages you to move
forward and forget about the past."

  Dee was crying at this point but remained focused on the screen listening to
every word the narrator said. "Tom has another proposal he would like to offer
you which involve your marriage vows. Tom would like to remain devoted to you in
some way in your life. Tom is fully aware that he will no longer be or act like
a normal husband. Tom encourages you on your new relationship."

   Dee wiped her eyes again as the narrator began to explain the proposal she
mentioned. "Tom would like to join you and your new man in a different
relationship which would involve friendship rather than love and intimacy. Tom
feels you should share your intimacy with your newfound love. If you choose to
accept his offer than you must remember to always, remain faithful to Sam."

  Dee was still crying as she listened carefully to the narrator. "Dee, we have
printed a divorce contract we would like you to red carefully and Sam will
deliver that contract tomorrow morning for you to sign and approve. The contract
will state that you no longer recognize Tom as your husband but you are willing
to accept him in your new relationship as your friend and assistant. Please read
the document over carefully and sign your name if you agree to all of the
terms."

  The narrator continued only this time she explained a few details. "Dee, we
feel this is your best choice because we know that you are eager to move on with
your life and at the same time you will be gaining a new friend as well as a new
man in your life. You will actually gain two new relationships once you sign
that contract."

  The television screen went black as Dee fell asleep with tears in her eyes.
She was emotionally exhausted after watching several hours of this intense
video.

   Sam brought the contract with him the next morning like the narrator had
promised and she ate breakfast reading over each paragraph. Dee spent a typical
day with Sam and even lounged at the pool that afternoon.

  That evening when Sam was ready to go, he gave her a hug just as he had every
night before he departed and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips. Dee picked up
the contract from the table and gave it to Sam. Dee had tears in her eyes as she
gave it to him and covered her face with the palms of her hands as Sam left the
apartment.

   Dee had signed the contract and she knew it would end her marriage to Tom.
She felt confused as she cried her way into the bedroom and lay on the bed.

  The television screen got bright as the woman appeared and softly spoke to Dee
and said. "Congratulations on the start of your new life and hope you will be
happy with your new relationships. Tom is looking forward to joining you soon as
your new assistant and Sam will soon be staying with you in your apartment full
time. We know you have been looking forward to sharing your love and intimacy
with Sam. It has been a very long wait for you and we think you are ready to be
intimate with him. We will arrange for you to start on birth control tomorrow.
You will than only be required to wait until the pills take there effect than
you can entice your man and get him to consummate your new marriage. Your
assistant, Tom will be present to watch and encourage you into your new
marriage. Please sleep well tonight; this will be your last night sleeping
alone."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Karen Kay


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





