BDSM Library - The Change




The Change
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Suddenly things changed in the race war. The phone rang three times. In a mixture of fear and anticipation the white
  couple stopped cleaning to listen. The phone rang three times again. Hurriedly,
  the couple finished what they were doing and scurried to the bedroom to prepare
  for the arrival of their guest.  
 Tamela Barnes (Mistress Tamela, as this narrator must call her) drove her
  late model Mercury Cougar with a trailer in tow down White Birch Lane to her
  new property. Oddly she had never seen it. She had received it during the lottery.
  The address was 4593, far enough out to be a nice neighborhood. A street sign
  placed her in the 700 block, quite a ways to go.  
 While driving, Mistress Tamela reminisced as to the reason for such a favorable
  position in the lottery. Being a recent business management graduate from a
  prominent black university helped. Then there was the fact that she was 23
  and had a 5'-6" attractive black muscular frame. This was laughable; she mused,
  since the only way a white could be a part of the lottery was as property.
  Probably the biggest reason for such a favorable spot was that she was a member
  of the tri-delta sorority. The sorority was unique because the charter denounced
  affirmative action and espoused white subjugation. It's bylaws also required
  members to attend a white studies course to examine the inferiority of whites
  and their society. This sorority and other groups like it had been instrumental
  in the change. It was from these groups that the new society would be provided
  with competent leadership.  
 Gradually the neighborhood began to change. The houses were of moderate
  size set on spacious lawns. Suitable for an up and coming executive, she thought,
  certainly not the slave pens they were currently. Arriving at the 4500 block,
  she quickly found 4593. It was a modern split-level flagstone with some Frank
  Lloyd Wright influence. She then parked in the drive behind a red Mercedes.  
 Stepping from the car it was now time to inspect her property. The first
  order of business was to ensure that the car belonged to her. Looking inside
  she found the keys and the transferred title; all seemed to be in order. The
  lawn seemed immaculate even though it hadn't been mowed in 2 weeks. In back,
  the first sight was a beautiful rock garden and fountain in need of weeding.
  Farther back was a greenhouse full of exotic flora. Thank goodness the watering
  system had been automatic. "Do I own a botanist" Mistress Tamela pondered "if
  not I am sure that the slaves can be trained". Vowing that yard work was in
  short order, she then entered the house. It was now time to inspect the interior.  
 Just inside the foyer Mistress Tamela picked up the folder that would assist
  in her inspection. Entitled "Spoils of Enslavement"; it was an attractive brown
  folder with a hieroglyphic depicting a white couple in silhouette kneeling
  offering a basket to a powerful looking black couple. Within it's cover was
  a list of all the items in the house at the time of the change. Organized by
  room, each section listed the items to be found in that room as well as their
  condition. To the right of each item were 4 boxes to assist the new owner to
  determine their disposition: keep in place, relocate, store, and destroy. At
  the bottom of each page was a space that allowed the owner to note things such
  as cleanliness, damaged or missing items, offensive items, etc.&hellip; The
  document not only helped the new owner to familiarize themselves with their
  new property, but also ensured that the slaves had not sought to deny them
  anything.  
 Mistress Tamela began her inspection in earnest. Immediately a portrait
  of her slaves in their former lives confronted her. Quickly checking destroy,
  she moved on. Continuing the "tour" she found the house to be generally furnished
  to her liking, however, she did find faults with the cleanliness. In the kitchen
  she unlocked the refrigerator and took stock of the contents. Mistress Tamela
  then checked the small refrigerator that had been left for the slaves to ensure
  they had been eating. It tickled her that the food within had been laced with
  a mild narcotic and aphrodisiac to facilitate their acceptance of the new society.
  The inspection ended in what would be called the Mistress bedroom. Here she
  found a male and female slave standing naked with hands on head facing opposite
  corners.  
 It was now time to inspect the unique bonds that had been placed on the
  slaves. Mistress Tamela was very familiar with the system. In fact she had
  proposed a crude version at a tri-delta white studies session. Basically, it
  was similar to collars used to keep dogs within an area through the use of
  an invisible fence. In fact such a fence existed 6" around the exterior of
  the house as well as on the perimeter of the property. This system was different
  in that not only was there a collar around the slave's neck but, also around
  their thighs and wrists. Should a slave attempt to touch himself or herself
  between the neck and thigh they would experience the same intense pain as walking
  into the invisible fence. The result was the same if two slaves tried to touch
  each other. Also the device could be activated remotely. Obviously the system
  severely limited a slaves ability to masturbate but, did not prevent humping
  objects. Originally many had argued for the use of standard chastity devices.
  It was finally determined that allowing slaves relief in this way simply reinforced
  the self-image of being an animal. The system would also prove to have many
  other benefits. For instance, bathing was possible without the devices removal
  by using a brush provided the slave. This may sound like a way to sexual relief;
  however, the brush was only a stick with brillo pads attached to each end.
  Mistress Tamela laughed when she thought about other slaves, now ensnared in
  the devices, these slaves had sold the devices believing they were pet supplies.
  Finishing her inspection she was pleased to find no tampering.  
 Now it was finally time for Mistress Tamela to introduce herself to the
  slaves. Suddenly she firmly, but not unkindly, ordered "female, turn around
  keeping your hands on your head". The slave nervously complied. "Follow" came
  the next command. Remembering the couples initial capture the slave did as
  told. Upon entering the spacious kitchen, Mistress Tamela pointed to a spot
  saying "stand here and spread your legs until you feel your pussy lips begin
  to separate". The female soon found herself in position with her legs spread
  about 2 &frac12;' apart. The next command was " adjust yourself so that you
  are comfortable". Mistress Tamela stood directly in front of the slave and
  stared at fearful eyes. "Eyes down" came the command. She then retrieved a
  paint stick from the counter. What happened next confused the slave. Mistress
  Tamela knelt down, making sure to "accidentally" brush a nipple and some pubic
  hair, then proceeded to trace the slave's feet. She then stood up ordering "stay" while
  leaving the room. Upon entering the bedroom the procedure was repeated: "male
  turn around, keep your hands on your head, follow". In the kitchen Mistress
  Tamela pointed to a spot about 3' to the left of the female, "stand here and
  spread your legs until your testicles swing freely". The male now found his
  feet spread about 2' apart. Once again she ordered "adjust yourself so that
  you are comfortable". Mistress Tamela then traced the male's feet, making sure
  that her head gently rubbed the male's penis. She then stood to regard the
  2 slaves.  
 Mistress Tamela grabbed a riding crop then surveyed the female. From the "Spoils
  of Enslavement" she knew the slave was 33yrs old. Physically she was about
  5'-4", slightly overweight, size c breasts with small nipples, and short brown
  hair. The hairstyle seemed fitting for a slave so it would remain; however,
  the pussy hair would definitely have to go. As the slave reacted to the caressing
  of a nipple, Mistress Tamela cautioned "still". Mistress Tamela then trailed
  her hand to feel a very puffy pussy and almost nonexistent clit. Inserting
  a finger roughly into the orifice Mistress Tamela quietly informed the female
  that she owned the slave's entire being. Deliberately walking behind the slave
  Mistress Tamela jiggled a flabby ass, not cheesecake, but still fat. Once again
  Mistress Tamela asserted her property rights by inserting her finger in the
  ass. The inspection was then completed with a tap from the crop to the white
  female's twat. Startled, the slave winced and was rewarded with a hard swat
  to her ass hearing "when you have been placed into a position you are not to
  move". Finished, it was now the male's turn.  
 The male was 35yrs old, 5'-9", a less than muscular 180lb build, hairy legs,
  and black hair that hung just below his ears. Mistress Tamela realized that
  his physique would improve with a few months of slavery, however all that hair
  would have to go before she would be able to stand the sight of him on a daily
  basis. Standing before him she caressed his chest and penis to ensure that
  he was fully aroused. Mistress Tamela then inspected his genitals. The lack
  of color made them seem almost lifeless to her. She was shocked to find that
  she was able to close her thumb and middle finger around it without touching
  the shaft. "Oh it is small, about 7" and the balls are even worse" she thought.
  Even though the male hadn't cum in two weeks, his testicles resembled 2 grapes
  in a wet cloth. Moving behind the slave, she noted that he too had a flabby
  ass. This was followed by a rough check of his asshole. A hard swat was then
  delivered to those pale grape looking things. The slave almost doubled over.
  Mistress Tamela suddenly began beating his ass yelling: "Didn't you hear what
  I told the other slave? Don't move when in a position? Are you deaf or just
  stupid? I do not tolerate stupidity in slaves." The inspection ended with Mistress
  Tamela inserting her fingers into the slave's mouth to be cleaned.  
 Standing once again in front of her property Mistress Tamela began. " Well
  an introduction is in order. My name is Tamela Barnes. You are to address me
  as Mistress Tamela and then only in response to a question or when given permission.
  However, I do not like stupidity in slaves, if there is something that you
  feel that I should know you will kiss my feet and beg for permission to address
  me. In time you will learn what is appropriate." After a pause to let her words
  sink in, Mistress Tamela continued. "By now you should be aware that the black
  race is now completely and irrevocably in complete control of society. Your
  race has been enslaved as retribution for past misdeeds as well as the bigotry
  that existed just prior to the change. You may well assume that you are now
  to be treated as dogs. This would be an incorrect assumption. The law protects
  dogs. There would be no protest if I hacked you up and threw you in the trash.
  It would be to your benefit to please me,"  
 Mistress Tamela now changed the subject. "Before you are given names a few
  questions are in order. "Female, your nipples seem small to me, Are they capable
  of producing milk?" The slave replied; "I do not know Mistress Tamela, I have
  never been pregnant". The slave cringed at hearing Mistress Tamela's response. "For
  your sake they had better produce sufficient milk for my future offspring" Mistress
  Tamela continued. "I noticed that you have a tiny clit hidden in a fat pussy.
  Does it give you pleasure during sex?" Rather surprised the slave cautiously
  replied; "yes Mistress Tamela when properly stimulated". "And does that stimulation
  occur during intercourse with a white male's penis?" Mistress Tamela quickly
  added. "No Mistress Tamela " came the embarrassed reply "only orally or with
  a dildo". The male felt humiliation wash over him upon hearing this. Mistress
  Tamela added factually; " I see, perhaps if you are a good slave I will loan
  you to a black man so that you will feel what proper stimulation is like when
  derived from a real cock".  
 Mistress Tamela turned her attention to the male. "Male I had heard that
  whites were not fully developed sexually, but was totally unprepared for what
  stands before me now. Tell me slave is that big as it gets?" The males penis
  twitched as he said; "yes Mistress Tamela ". "And how does it compare with
  that of other white males" Mistress Tamela amusingly added. "I do not know" the
  slave responded trying to avoid what he suspected was coming next. Mistress
  Tamela was not about to allow that. " Female, can you tell me how it compares
  to other white males?" she crisply asked. The female responded; "it is a little
  bigger than average Mistress Tamela". Mistress Tamela quickly added "how about
  his testicles?" "Much smaller Mistress Tamela" came the slave's reply. "Do
  they produce much sperm?" Mistress Tamela asked. The female humbly replied "no
  Mistress Tamela". With a smirk Mistress Tamela once again addressed the male. "Male
  do you have a pet name for your penis?" "Yes Mistress Tamela" the male slave
  responded knowing now that he could not avoid any of this "I call it thunder" Mistress
  Tamela could barely keep from laughing as she informed him. "From now on you
  are to call it whimper and are to refer to your testicles as pale grapes. Do
  so now." The slave dejectedly said; "Mistress Tamela my penis is now known
  as whimper and my testicles are referred to as pale grapes".  
 Mistress Tamela continued her humiliation. "Slaves I will let you in on
  a little secret. I am sure that you are aware that sperm from separate males
  compete when attempting to fertilize the same woman. They do so in many ways,
  speed is one as well as direct battle. In my white studies class prior to the
  change, an experiment was conducted to see how whites compared reproductively.
  An equal quantity of a white male's sperm and a black man's sperm were mixed.
  We found that the sperm from the black man had killed a vast majority of the
  white sperm, Enough to give a huge advantage to the sperm of the black man.
  Unfortunately a sufficient number sperm from the white male survived to make
  fertilization possible, however unlikely. Now that I have seen the delivery
  system myself, I now realize how unnecessary that experiment was. First of
  all the white male's sperm would not be of a sufficient quantity to pose a
  threat. It would not be delivered as deeply as a black man's sperm would, If
  deposited prior to the black man entering the vagina, his member would simply
  scoop it out. Any sperm that remained after all of this would simply be overwhelmed
  by their black counterparts." Mistress Tamela then laughed and said; "I am
  surprised that your race is able to reproduce"  
 "Oh well I guess that I should name you" Mistress Tamela sighed. Studying
  the female she began. "Female I am going to allow you to choose your own name.
  It will be one of the very few choices that you are ever allowed. You will
  be given 2 names to choose from. Choose wisely, do not base your choice on
  which is less humiliating for you, rather choose the name which will honor
  me. The choices are Puffy Pussy or Flabby Ass." The slave thought for a moment,
  then replied. "Mistress Tamela may I choose Puffy Pussy" "Yes" Mistress Tamela
  said pleased "Flabby Ass does not honor me and you would been beaten. Now repeat:
  this female slave has been named Puffy Pussy and is the property of Mistress
  Tamela Barnes." With a twinge of sexual excitement the slave repeated; " this
  female slave has been named Puffy Pussy and is the property of Mistress Tamela
  Barnes". Mistress Tamela finished with a pleased "very good slave".  
 Taking note of the humiliated expression and sagging penis of the male Mistress
  Tamela started. "Now male I suppose that you want a name." The male quickly
  answered; " yes Mistress Tamela please name me" "What should I name you" Mistress
  Tamela said to herself just loud enough for the slave to hear. She then began
  to his side, like a cat about to spring a trap on a mouse. "Yes what should
  I name you" she repeated quietly. "Let me see, not flabby ass, mmm how about
  Pale Penis. Of course there are those pale grapes, perhaps Grape Nuts." She
  continued just loud enough for the slave to hear, knowing full well that he
  would fall for the trap she was setting. Suddenly the male blurted out; "Mistress
  Tamela may I choo&hellip;" he never finished. Delivering a vicious swat to
  his ass Mistress Tamela yelled, "silence". Continuing she informed the slave. "I
  am quite aware that the white male has insecurities that cause him to feel
  inferior." Mistress Tamela emphasized her point with another swat and continued. "That
  those insecurities cause him to belittle others" swat "obviously that will
  not be allowed" swat "know well that female slaves are more desirable" swat "much
  the same as cows or female dogs are more desirable" swat "and therefore more
  valuable" swat "also know that in this household she is your overseer" swat " and
  therefore will be given privileges that you are not". Mistress Tamela firmly
  stated; "your name is now Pale Penis, in honor of whimper. I had been leaning
  toward Grape Nuts but in view of your stupidity I may be forced to castrate
  you. I would hate to have to teach you a new name. I had been considering breeding
  you. Should you wish to be bred in the future it would be prudent to loose
  that stupid streak." Mistress Tamela finished with; "now what is your name?" The
  male blubbered carefully "this male slave has been named Pale Penis and is
  owned by Mistress Tamela Barnes". "Much better" Mistress Tamela praised. Upon
  hearing this, the slave's penis twitched involuntarily. As she left the kitchen,
  Mistress Tamela told the slaves to stay.  
 Returning about 10 minutes later, Mistress Tamela found that Puffy Pussy
  had moved her feet a full inch outside the tracing that had been made earlier.
  Displeased she promptly delivered 30 hard swats to the slave's ass and back.
  Mistress Tamela then told the slave to put her feet back inside the tracing.
  Addressing the 2 slaves she the calmly stated. "Slaves, when placed in a position
  you are not to move until ordered to do so. Did I not allow to you place yourselves
  in some comfort? You are to assume this pose upon hearing the phrase; assume
  your kitchen pose. For now you may take time to position yourselves properly,
  however within the week I will expect you to be able to do so without thought.  
 Beginning what had been her original intent Mistress Tamela addressed the
  2 slaves. "To show that I am not a cruel owner I will save you a beating. When
  in a pose, as you are now, and given an order you will listen carefully. You
  are not to carry it out, however, until you hear my hands clap twice. When
  not in pose and hearing them clap you are to instantly stop what you are doing
  and listen for the command that will follow. Once again you will await the
  second clapping prior to carrying out the order. There will be no excuses for
  not hearing the entire command. Puffy Pussy you are to go to the Mistress bedroom
  and place the clothing that you find there into garbage bags. Oh and set a
  set of dress clothes for each sex into the slave' bedroom, what you used to
  call the guest bedroom. Be sure to choose outfits that I will find attractive.
  Pale Penis you are to go unpack my car and trailer. I will instruct you where
  to put things as they are brought in." Without clapping Mistress Tamela once
  again left the kitchen.  
 Mistress Tamela went into the living room, tuned the stereo to her favorite
  r&amp;b stations and sat in a comfortable recliner. She had noticed the slave's
  increased arousal that came from the praise that she had given. Remembering
  a discussion in white studies she knew well that the slaves were beginning
  to associate sexual excitement with pleasing her. Soon they would be aroused
  simply by the sound of her voice or a mere glimpse of any part of her. "This
  is going to be a good life," she thought. Mistress Tamela then clapped her
  hands to put the slaves to work.  
End part one  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  flash gordon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





