BDSM Library - The Pet - Yukiko Fujimori




The Pet - Yukiko Fujimori
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story of Yuki, a stunning Japanese aristocrat and the revenge she has exacted against an old enemy.  She was also mentioned in a previous story, "The Pet" in case the reader wants some background.  It is pretty intense, so you are warned!Yukiko Fujimori, Yuki to her friends, lounged at a small but exclusive bistro
  in downtown Tokyo. Dressed in a black Chanel pantsuit that she picked up on
  her last shopping trip to Paris and handcrafted black lizard knee length boots
  with 5-inch titanium stiletto heels. She slowly turned her head to watch a
  waiter walk by; her movements were a study in grace and efficiency. The few
  friends she had described her as feline. She was, by any measure, stunning.
  She could have easily taken the many offers from around the world of modeling,
  but had no desire, as she put it, to prostitute herself in a dirty business.
  She stood just over 5 foot 10 in her stockings with firm C cup breasts and
  a rear that drew more than a few quiet comments from passing men.  
Tonight she sat at the table with her personal attendant, Suji. She was a
  slight, almost tiny girl. Definitely attractive, but in a very simple, plain
  way made even more apparent in the presence of Yuki's overwhelming beauty.
  Yuki had traveled to Thailand 10 years previously when she turned 25 with the
  intention of purchasing a child on the black market. Yuki had several reasons,
  mainly because she was a lesbian, detested men, and therefore had no intention
  of breeding. She had strong feelings about the superiority of the Japanese
  race and planned on training the child to be a servant and attendant, not a
  daughter. She found Thai people to be well suited to this station in life and
  would not stand out as much as, say, a Pakistani servant in Tokyo.  
Yuki found an agent in Bangkok who specialized in black market adoptions
  and human slavery. After a week of inquiries and investigations he contacted
  her and asked her to accompany him to a small village in Northern Thailand.
  He introduced her to the family and to their seven-year-old daughter. Yuki
  sized her up, made the purchase and returned to Tokyo to await the arrival
  of her newest property.  
Back to the present. Yuki snapped out of her brief daydream and looked at
  her little Suji contemplatively, delicately holding her sake to her full lips
  before speaking, "Suji, I have something to discuss with you".  
Suji looked up from the food in front of her to a spot in the center of the
  table. She had long ago been trained to divert her eyes when spoken to. Yuki
  placed the sake back on the table, reached across and delicately placed her
  nearly inch long manicured nail under Suji's chin. "Suji, you may look at me
  while I speak to you." The tiny girl looked up and thanked her for the privilege.  
"Suji, All of your life here in Tokyo has been in preparation for a moment
  that is fast approaching. When you turn 18 tomorrow your life will change forever."  
Yuki took another slow sip from her Sake and let the suspense build. She
  had been waiting for ten long years for this moment and wanted to relish it
  as long as possible. Her senses were on overload, trying to absorb every detail
  of the moment. Yuki's brown doe eyes, her porcelain complexion, her silk black
  hair. Yuki relished the moment as much as the finest Bordeaux.  
"Your duties in my home will change drastically. In my opinion your new role
  will be incredibly important, and I hope you will keep an open mind and feel
  the same."  
Suji was obviously uncomfortable, and Yuki loved it. She said nothing else
  for the next hour. After dinner Yuki neatly folded her napkin and placed it
  next to her plate. She shifted slightly in her chair, watching Suji the entire
  time. Finally Yuki said &hellip;."smoke"&hellip;.and Suji quickly reached into
  the small case she kept with her and pulled out a long, very thin cigar. She
  also pulled out a platinum Colibri lighter and carefully lit the cigar, looking
  down at the table the entire time. Once lit, she stood from the table, walked
  around toYuki, handed it to her and returned to her seat. Yuki languidly drew
  on the cigar; french inhaling the smoke and exhaling an impressive cloud of
  smoke towards the ceiling. Suji sat quietly and stared at the same spot in
  the center of the table. A few guest shot quick glances at the table and one
  another, and Yuki drank it all in with a coy grin on her face while she smoked.
  After her cigar, she paid the bill and they left.  
Two things should be mentioned at this point for clarification. First, Yuki
  had maintained a completely professional, non-sexual relationship with Suji
  for ten years. Not unlike many very wealthy people of her stature in Asia.
  Second, Yuki was the daughter of one of the wealthiest men in Asia reportedly
  worth $3-4 billion. He had begun his empire in Tokyo real estate and had spread
  throughout Asia. Her mother had died of cancer many years before and her father
  was always away on business. To compensate for his absence he gave Yuki a $100,000
  per month stipend for the rest of her life, adjusted periodically for inflation
  and market fluctuations, in addition to several homes in Asia and France.  
At breakfast the next morning Yuki came to the table in one of her Kimonos
  and held a small wooden box in her hand with a beautiful bow. She handed the
  box to Suji after the meal, "Happy 18 th  Birthday
  my little one". Suji bowed deeply and said thank you. She opened the box and
  a look of confusion showed on her face when she saw the contents.  
Suji looked up at Yuki, forgetting her training, with a look of confusion
  on her face "Ma'am, I am confused".  
Yuki smiled, "Put it on my little one, it is your size, and then come with
  me"  
Suji pulled a sterling silver band from the box and placed it, with trembling
  fingers, around her neck. It had a hinge in the rear and closed in the front.
  The collar was two inches wide and in the front it had a large #2 engraved.
  Yuki produced a small padlock and closed it, locking the collar on. She then
  turned and walked away, Suji following.  
They meandered through the 12,000 square foot penthouse on the fifty second
  floor of Tokyo's most prestigious residential address. As she owned half of
  the floor of the building, there was an amazing view. They finally came to
  a door with a large combination lock set in the center, almost like a bank
  vault. For most of her 10 years with Yuki, Suji was told this room led to Yuki's
  office and contained valuables and highly confidential documents that had to
  be kept very secure. Suji had never paid much attention when women occasionally
  came to the office, or when large crates came and went.  
Yuki dialed in the combination and opened the large, heavy door. Suji noticed
  the room was very dark, lowly lit. When they were inside Yuki closed the door
  behind them and spun the combination on the inside. She walked into the room,
  her black silk Kimono flowing as she walked, giving brief glimpses of her black
  low-rise pumps and the sinuous muscles dancing in her legs with each step.
  She motioned to several chairs near the middle of the room, facing a rectangular
  black lacquer coffee table. It had the appearance of a box, standing two feet
  high, maybe four feet long and three feet wide. Suji took a seat, very nervous
  and confused by now, and more than a little uncomfortable with a strange metal
  collar on her neck.  
Yuki lit one of her trademark cigars and eased into a chair across from her. "Suji,
  you are about to see some things which you have no way of comprehending. The
  important thing to know is that it is real."  
Yuki leaned to the side of the chair she was sitting in and picked up a black
  rubber hose, much like a vacuum cleaner hose. It was connected to the base
  of the coffee table/box. She placed the cigar in the center of her mouth and
  took a long, powerful drag. Looking Suji intently in the eye, she delicately
  put her lips on the hose and exhaled. She did this twice more and then leaned
  over the table, placed her index finger on a virtually unnoticeable black button
  set in the tabletop and pushed. A second passed and then the box made a loud
  thumping noise. Yuki smiled, a smile Suji had never seen before. It was evil
  gave Suji the chills.  
In a melodic voice Yuki said, almost to herself but loud enough for Suji
  to hear&hellip;. "Wake up time!"  
Yuki took a few longer, leisurely puffs on her cigar, blowing them in the
  tube. She pressed the button again and another loud thump emerged. Same smile.  
"Suji, you are probably very, very confused. I will explain." Yuki settled
  in her chair and adjusted her kimono. "When I was 10 years old, I was repeatedly
  raped and molested by a man who was a security officer for my father. He was
  tasked to protect my mother and I and instead used his position to make my
  young life hell."  
Suji looked up with sadness and sympathy in her eyes. More confusion and
  alarm registered in her mind.  
"I grew up hating men. More importantly, that hatred manifested itself in
  sadistic tendencies." Yuki leaned over the table and pressed the button again,
  this time holding it for a few seconds. Several thumps came from the box, louder
  each time.  
"As I reached adulthood I realized I was attracted to women. I also realized
  that no amount of therapy could take away what that man did to me. So, I hired
  a team of retired Israeli intelligence operatives to locate and capture the
  man who had done this to me."  
She took a long drag on the cigar and blew in the hose.  
"As they are the world's best, and he was clearly not, I asked them to make
  him disappear and brought to me. Here, in this house. That was seven years
  ago. You remember when I had this office we are sitting in constructed?" Suji
  timidly shook her head yes. "I had it built for a very special guest."  
Yuki, holding her cigar daintily between her index and middle finger with
  her wrist cocked back, leaned forward and pushed something on the side of the
  box. Suji heard a quiet hissing sound as the top of the box began to tilt,
  revealing that it was in fact a lid or cover. It rose to one side of the box
  on hydraulic arms. Smoke began to emerge from inside as Suji realized it was
  the cigar smoke Yuki had been blowing in the tube.  
Suji was more confused now and the look on her face showed it. She shifted
  uncomfortably in her seat. "I am confused Mistress. Please tell me why I am
  here." As she said this her eyes moved to the contents of the box.  
Yuki sat back and slowly puffed on her cigar, watching Suji's reaction. Suji
  looked down and her face was at first completely blank, then tears slowly ran
  down her cheeks. She began to shake uncontrollably, putting her hands to her
  mouth and quietly weeping. Yuki stood and came over to Suji, placing her hand
  on her head and stroking her hair in a comforting way, looking inside the box
  as the corner of her mouth rose into a smirk.  
Suji's horror was the result of realizing, once the thick smoke had cleared,
  that there was a body inside the box. The person was on their knees, doubled
  over as if in a fetal position but with their back facing up and head facing
  the ground. The arms were drawn up behind the back into a reverse prayer position,
  defying normal limits of skeletal motion with the tips of their fingers touching
  the back of their head. Leather cuffs bound the wrists together and a metal
  ring attached the wrists to the back of a metal collar.  
Suji's mind jolted&hellip;. Metal collar!  
Her brain screamed in shock and horror. The collar she now wore was identical
  to the one on the person in the box. The collar in the box had #1 engraved
  on the back. Suji screamed and ran towards the door. Yuki sat in Suji's chair
  and continued smoking her cigar, concentrating intently on the smoke rings
  she was blowing and watching them bounce off the back of the person in the
  box.  
Yuki was screaming and beating on the door of the room, trying to get out.
  Her mind was racing, unable to process what she had just seen. Then she felt
  a hand on her shoulder and she went silent in near shock. Yuki gently but forcefully
  took Suji's hand and walked her back to her seat. Suji stiffly sat, trembling
  but silent. Yuki gently and comfortingly placed Suji's arms on the arms of
  the chair. She slowly petted Suji's hair, Softly cooing, "Shhhh&hellip;there
  there, shhhhhhhhhhhhh"  
As Yuki did this she slowly brought her hands to the sides of the chair and
  from each side flipped two rubber-lined steel manacles over Suji's unsuspecting
  wrists, instantly locking her in place. Suji screamed again and tried to stand,
  but was helpless to move her arms.  
Yuki resumed her seat opposite Suji and placed a finger over her lip in a
  motion for silence. Suji's years of training kicked in and again became silent.
  Yuki motioned to the person in the trunk. "This is the man who raped me, although
  he is not a man anymore, only an object of curiosity for me and a select few
  friends. It is referred to as #1, and nothing else."  
Yuki leaned over the box, took two long drags on her cigar, French inhaled
  and blew a long stream of smoke across the glowing ember at the tip, fanning
  it hotter. With eyes piercing Suji's soul, she slowly stubbed the cigar out
  on the scar riddled back of #1. The person flinched and a long gasp of air
  could be heard from the box. Suji sat and watched, tears dripping from her
  cheeks.  
Yuki reached in the box along the short sidewalls and flipped several latches,
  then slowly lowered the sides until they lay flat on the floor. Next she reached
  her arm under the head of #1 and a metallic sound could be heard. She lifted
  it up by its head until its torso was upright. Suji, despite her horror, was
  perplexed that this person was silent. There were wires running from the button
  in the center of the hydraulically controlled top of the box to the genital
  region. Yuki noticed Suji's gaze, stood and pressed the button on the top of
  the box again. #1's back arched and another gasp of air escaped its mouth.  
Suji noticed that thick, rubber lined steel manacles ran over the bound person's
  thighs, pinning its legs under it and to the floor.  
Yuki looked at Suji, "I had this room built to be a permanent hell for our
  guest here. I vowed that for destroying a part of me and my life, this creature
  would suffer the pain of a thousand deaths as long as it lived." As Yuki said
  this she patted #1's bald head and then pressed the button and held it while
  the slaves body convulsed and more gasping ensued. It's torso twisted and arched
  in apparent agony, but no sound escaped its gaping mouth&hellip; "Over the
  last seven years I have been able to live many of my wildest sadistic fantasies.
  In the process, I have learned much and perfected my little craft."  
Yuki walked to a far wall and opened a door. When she returned she was carrying
  a three-foot cane. She stood across from Suji. "I learned, for instance, that
  while a cane is very effective in delivering intense pain, it takes a lot of
  work to beat a slave to the point where, for instance, it passes out." She
  then drew the cane over her head and brought it down with all of her force
  on the slave's right shoulder. A sound like a small caliber gunshot echoed
  in the room and #1 crumpled briefly and gasped again, its eyes squeezed shut
  and just a breathy wheezing sound emerging from its seemingly permanently gaping
  mouth.  
Suji watched in horrified shock and wondered through her tears what this
  person must be feeling.  
The slave, formerly known as Bill Hakaido, was shocked from his state of
  slumber only minutes before when the cigar smoke permeated the box he occupied.
  Just the smell of cigar smoke would cause his muscles to contract, something
  that had been conditioned long before and that brought the insane perpetrator
  of his hell much pleasure. This was the desired effect, course. He had long
  ago lost the ability to form many rational thoughts, living in a constant haze
  of sleep and periods of intense pain. Occasionally his wits would return for
  a few hours, sometimes even a day, but then slip away again under the constant
  torture.  
Yuki smiled down at #1.  
"Then I realized there were other ways to inflict incredible pain with less
  effort on my part. I hired a former Russian interrogator to teach me about
  the world of electro torture. I eventually settled on the system you see here." She
  pressed the button again for effect and #1 went rigid. "#1 has a nine inch
  long, three inch wide electric probe inserted in its anus, and a seven inch,
  half inch wide metal rod inserted in the penis. It took some time to get #1
  stretched to that point, but when pain was the point, it didn't take too long".  
Yuki smiled to herself as she grabbed #1's collar and forced it its upper
  body backwards, its feet still bound under it and attached the floor beneath
  and arms still clamped. She looked across the box at Suji's tear stained face. "Due
  to the nature of #1's transgression, its genitals have been a central focus
  of my attention. My initial thought was castration, but then I would be eliminating
  a principal pain center."  
She reached in towards #1's genitals and motioned for Suji to lean over.
  She did as instructed as far as the manacles would allow. Yuki reached between
  #1's legs and pulled a 5-inch, horribly scarred and bruised penis up to its
  stomach. A small bit of steel the width of the face of a dime shown just inside
  the grossly stretched urethra. A wire extended from the metal back to the top
  of the box where the button was. Yuki held the penis in a very clinical manner.
  There were metal studs on both sides of the penis from the head, every half-inch,
  all the way to the base.  
Suji sat and watched, still in a stupor and feeling increasingly queasy.  
"These studs are inserted through the shaft and connected to the steel probe
  to permanently secure the probe in its penis. That was a tricky procedure that
  cost me dearly." She leaned over and pressed the button again. The slave went
  rigid and its penis flopped up almost like a fish. A silent wheeze again came
  from the slave's mouth.  
Yuki pointed to a small tube that exited the slave in the perineum, between
  the testicles and anus. "Since his penis is now used solely as an instrument
  of torture, I had that installed for obvious reasons. Although it is kept plugged
  and opened once daily, just to increase the constant agony. It has been a challenge
  to keep its kidneys from failing, but luckily it has access to excellent doctors." Yuki
  quietly chuckled at the irony as she reached and grabbed a small ring at the
  base of the plug in the urine tube. She twisted several times and urine sprayed
  out as if from a fire hose. It ran to the bottom of the box and drained through
  a small drain in the bottom. It continued to spray, and then dribble, for at
  least 30 seconds. Fuji noticed it was dark yellow and had a very strong odor.  
Yuki noticed Suji growing a bit green and quickly got to her feet and retrieved
  a large silver bowl. She brought it to Suji and set it in her lap. "If you
  need to vomit, please be courteous and do it in here." Suji looked up with
  tear filled eyes and then at the bowl.  
Yuki looked back to the gruesome sight before her. She noticed briefly that
  #1 had an unusually large amount of excess skin drooping obscenely from the
  stomach almost down to its penis. Yuki took note of this and brought her cane
  down on the sagging skin for emphasis. "That skin is a by product of a process
  you will witness soon, my dear."  
Yuki sat back down and continued. She began lightly running her fingers over
  the length of the #1's penis with a far off look in her eyes. She continued
  this for several minutes while she retrieved and lit another cigar. The slave
  was gasping violently. "My little work of art here is quite devious. The penis,
  due to the probe and studs is kept permanently stretched to its full length.
  When the penis is stimulated, as I am doing now, it engorges, stretching against
  the studs and probe causing excruciating pain. That way, our little slave here
  will never again associate pleasure with its pathetic penis."  
 She pointed to a clear viscous liquid slowly dripping from the tube. "#1
  has not had an orgasm since it got here. It leaks precum pretty readily after
  seven years of denial." She clenched the cigar in her teeth and took a deep
  drag as the cane whistled thru the air and landed on the underside of the penis
  head. Again wheezing escaped the slave's mouth.  
Suji noticed the slave's face for the first time. She saw that its mouth
  was gaping open in an expression of shock and drool ran down its chin. This
  confused her when several minutes had passed and no change had taken place.
  She snapped out of it when she felt a tapping on her hand. It was the cane
  with Yuki on the other end.  
"I see you are noticing its face. As I mentioned before I have learned many
  things over the years. One thing I discovered early was that despite what one
  reads on common S&amp;M fantasy and fiction it is not easy to place a gag in
  a truly unwilling person's mouth, it is very difficult in fact. Since I had
  no desire to hear the insults that came from its mouth initially, then the
  ear splitting pleas for mercy,"  
She squeezed #1's penis harder as she stroked and looked at its face, "Do
  you remember those days, so long ago? Can you?" She stopped her stroking momentarily, "I
  realize you are just a living organism at this point and may very well be completely
  insane, but as long as you can still feel pain, then you have a place in my
  home." Yuki lightly touched the smoldering red end of her cigar on the sensitive
  underside of #1's penis and slowly twisted it until it almost extinguished,
  then placed it in her mouth and puffed furiously bringing it back to life.
  Her head was engulfed in a cloud of smoke.  
Suji was still in a mild state of shock, her mind trying to wrap itself around
  the situation but failing. Her nausea was still present and she felt pretty
  sure she would vomit before this ordeal was over. Her mind raced, trying to
  figure out how to escape, to tell the police, to save this poor soul before
  her. Her life of privileged comfort had crashed and she was afraid.  
Yuki interrupted, "As I was saying, gags are hell to insert in an unwilling
  person. One time I had gotten it's mouth open and was inserting a new, larger
  ball gag. #1 was screaming his lungs out and I put my full weight behind it
  and then struck the gag with the palm of my hand to get it in. That knocked
  out its front teeth and I had a mess on my hands. After a few days of playing
  with the exposed nerves I grew bored and had a dentist who likes money come
  in and, after I had securely bound this pig here to a table, he removed all
  of it's teeth. I figured this would make the gagging process easier, and it
  did, but it was still a chore."  
Yuki took a long drag on her cigar and noticed a long ash on the end. She
  delicately placed the cigar, burning end first, in #1's mouth and flicked the
  ash. She then left the cigar in the slave's mouth, smoke curling out, while
  she continued.  
"So I talked to a black market surgeon in China whom I had heard of. He suggested
  simply removing the vocal chords and placing steel plates and screws in the
  jawbone to create a ratchet device to hold the mouth open, breaking the jaw
  to open it wider than was normally possible. So as a result, my little #1 here
  has no ability to communicate or make even a peep." The slave began to cough
  from breathing the acrid smoke from the end of the cigar and tremble from the
  slow burn from the glowing end. Yuki reached up and removed it and went back
  to lightly stroking the studded penis. She looked at Suji and leaned forward
  a bit with an expression on her face like she was sharing a secret with a friend.
  In a hushed tone she said, "I decided to be really indulgent and, if you look
  where his bottom row of front teeth were, I had the dentist install a U-shaped
  piece of metal that perfectly fits my cigars." Yuki giggled as she twirled
  her cigar in front of her.  
Yuki stood and walked across to the closet she had been in previously. Suji
  thought she heard water running and much quiet rustling. Yuki returned pushing
  a small stainless steel cart with a tall rod that was head height rising from
  the center. She pushed it behind #1 and stopped. She lifted a large red bag
  and hung it from a hook on the metal rod  
Suji lurched forward and vomited her breakfast into the bowl in her lap.
  Yuki stood leaned between the slave's legs, smiled at the puddle of precum
  on the floor of the box, and replaced the plug in the urine tube. She stood
  and walked over to Suji. Placing the cigar back in #1's mouth she stroked Suji's
  hair and comforted her while she vomited. After she was empty, Yuki picked
  up the bowl and turned it around to face Suji. She wiped Suji's mouth, and
  held the bowl at eye level. Suji only saw "#1" on the bowl and looked confused.  
Yuki turned around and placed the bowl on the floor of the box. She then
  grabbed #1's collar, removed her cigar from its mouth, pushing it to the floor. "Dinner
  is served, my pet".  
#1 sniffed around the bowl, then quickly began eagerly slurping the vomit.
  Suji dry heaved for a few minutes and then, through tear drenched eyes, looked
  across the box at Yuki, Suji's eyes begging, tears streaming.  
Yuki had pulled her kimono open and was masturbating, her middle finger furiously
  working her clit while her other hand gently rubbed her labia. Her cigar was
  clenched in her teeth and smoke was erupting from her nostrils like a dragon.
  As she approached orgasm she stood up and stood over the head of #1 finishing
  the remains of its dinner and looked at Suji.  
She stared through Suji's soul and in a husky voice said, "I would never
  hurt a minor, but are eighteen now my love. Look closely&hellip;.. because
  you're next."  
Suji screamed "Nooooooooo". Yuki reached for the button, pressed and held
  it while her other hand continued to work her clit. The slave's head lurched
  back, the former contents of Suji's stomach dripping from its chin. It bucked
  like a bronco under the continued electrical current. Yuki threw her head back
  and began the most intense orgasm of her life, squirting her ejaculate on the
  back of #1's head.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Moonbeam


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





