BDSM Library - Taken




Taken
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tammy and her daughter are kidnapped.  Tammy will do anything to keep her daughter safe.Taken  
Chapter 1 
 It was nearing six o'clock. Tammy was running a little late picking up her
  daughter Stephanie. Tammy was a single mom and her daughter Stephanie, a beautiful
  eighteen month old, stayed in day care when Tammy was at work. It was late
  Friday; Tammy was trying to get some extra work done before her and Stephanie
  went on a well deserved two week vacation. She was going to take Stephanie
  to see snow for the very first time. 
Tammy had gotten divorced before Stephanie was born. It was just the two
  of them now. Tammy's parents had been killed in an automobile accident years
  earlier. 
Tammy pulled up and went inside. Stephanie ran over to her jumped into her
  arms. The two ladies that were still in the daycare said their goodbyes as
  Tammy gathered Stephanie's stuff. Tammy buckled Stephanie in her car seat,
  put the extra stuff in the truck and started to get it, when all of the sudden
  a man rushed out of nearby bushes, jumped into the back seat with Stephanie
  and told Tammy to drive. He told her that if she did exactly as he said the
  little girl would not be hurt. 
Tammy tried to remain calm. She did not want to upset Stephanie, so she started
  the car and headed down the road. The man told her where to go and to not attract
  any attention. Tammy did as ordered. 
The man, sitting next to Stephanie was playing with her as if he knew her.
  He had one of her favorite toys and was waving it for her. All the while he
  was telling Tammy, in a calm voice; that as long as she did as told, her daughter
  would not get hurt. 
The man directed Tammy to an area behind a shopping center. It was fairly
  isolated and starting to get dark. He told her to get out of the car and stand
  behind the car. He told her he was going to drive and she was going to be riding
  in the trunk. When Tammy protested, the man told her to go ahead and say goodbye
  to her daughter then. 
Tammy got the message and got out of the car and walked to the back. Once
  she was there, the man, still sitting next to Stephanie, told her to open the
  trunk and get in. Tammy did as ordered and once she was in, the man got out
  and quickly closed the trunk 
Tammy laid there, in the dark, wondering what was going to happen. Why was
  he doing this? Would he hurt them anyway? If she did as he said would her baby
  be okay? She had to obey; Stephanie was all she had in life. She decided not
  to take any chances. 
After maybe an hour's ride Tammy felt the car come to a stop and the engine
  shut off. She heard the back door open and Stephanie being taken out. About
  five minutes later, which seemed like an eternity, the trunk lid opened. She
  looked around and saw she was in a big warehouse type building. The light was
  low in the main area, but she could see rooms off to one side. The main area
  was nearly bare except for a stack of boxes on one side. She could not see
  what was behind them, if anything. 
"Please," Tammy said "where is my baby?" "She is fine," answered the man. "I
  will let you see her in a few minutes, if you do as you are told." "What do
  you want?" asked Tammy. "Why, you of course," answered the man. 
He then proceeded to tell her that she was going to serve him for the next
  two weeks. She was to be his slave and would do as he instructed. He added
  that if she did not agree to that, he would have to wait 6 or 7 years and make
  her daughter his slave. She broke down at that and told him she would do whatever
  he wanted, just not hurt her daughter. 
"Very well," he said, "I am glad you understand." Tammy asked if she could
  see her daughter and he told her shortly. He told her that he needed to go
  over some rules first and to get ready. Ready for what she thought; what rules. 
He then began by telling her that she was not allowed clothes, unless he
  gave them to her. She hesitated for a minute, trying to absorb it. "Are you
  so stupid you don't know what that means, or are you saying goodbye to your
  daughter," he asked her in a very demanding voice. His tone snapped her out
  of her trance. "Sorry," she replied and proceeded to take off her blouse. He
  stood there and watched as she removed piece after piece of clothing. Soon
  she was down to just her panties and bra. Seeing hesitation he asked her, very
  sarcastically, "Did I give you that bra? Or those panties?" She knew what he
  meant and removed both. As she stood there, she covered her breast with her
  arm and her pussy with her hand. Hands down by your sides, so I can see what
  I have to work with. You are to NEVER cover yourself, unless I tell you to. 
She lowered her hands to her side. He walked around as if inspecting a car
  or horse. On occasion he would reach out and touch her. She asked again if
  she could see her daughter. "You are not ready, yet," he replied. Rule number
  two is that you will only go to the bathroom when I say it is okay. Rule number
  three is you will see you daughter only when I allow it. You will not let her
  know what is happening to you. Rule number four is that you will obey every
  command I make and do it in an appropriate time frame. "Do you understand the
  rules?" he asked." She nodded. "Oh, another rule," he added, "You will address
  me as Master. When told to do something you will say "Yes Master" and do it.
  You will be known as either slave or slut. You will answer to either of these." 
"Now, let's try again," he said, "Do you understand the rules?" "Yes Master," she
  replied. For now you will be chained to this building. You will go where I
  tell you, do what I tell you, sleep where I tell, etc. etc. 
He then attached a cuff and chain to her left ankle. It was a long chain
  and allowed her a lot of freedom to move around. "Follow me," he told her and
  she did. He took her to the rooms off to one side of the big building. Only
  one of the rooms had doors on them. He took her over to the one with a door.
  Next to the door it had one way glass on the wall. He told her that this is
  where Stephanie sleeps. Tammy looked inside and saw Stephanie playing on the
  carpet with a few toys. She seemed quite content. She also noticed a baby bed,
  changing table and several supplies in the room. 
"May I see her now?" Tammy asked. "Very soon," came the reply. Tammy continued
  to watch Stephanie and forgot about her situation until she felt the man's
  hand reach up between her legs from behind. 
"Spread em," he commanded and she did; spreading her legs some to permit
  his hand access. He played for a few minutes, rubbing her clit with his fingers.
  He then slid a finger in her and began to finger fuck her. Tammy stared at
  Stephanie, trying to focus only on her, nothing else. 
"Good slut," he said, "Go may go take care of your daughter now; she is probably
  hungry. He proceeded to unlock the door and Tammy quickly went inside. Stephanie
  was hungry and as soon as Tammy picked her up she began to suckle. 
The man stood and watched for a minute as Tammy held and let Stephanie feed.
  After a few minutes the man walked over and said, "Save some for me," and began
  to suck on the other breast. Tammy's breast gave up milk to the man, just as
  if it were Stephanie. As the man sucked her he also played with her. 
Tammy couldn't believe it, but her body gave her away. She was actually getting
  wet at the touch of the man and having her breast sucked. She tried not to
  show it, but the feeling grew. Soon she came, sitting there being sucked on
  and played with, captive to a kidnapper and who know what else. The man, pleased
  with himself, stopped what he was doing, stood up and said, "That's a good
  little slut." Tammy was humiliated at his comment. She tried not to react for
  fear her daughter would react. Stephanie kept sucking away until she was full. 
The man left the room. Tammy could not see out of the one way mirror wall
  and he was no longer in sight through the doorway. She quietly tried the cuff
  attached to her ankle and decided there was no way she could get it off. 
Tammy finished feeding Stephanie, changed her diaper and clothes, and then
  laid her down for the night. Stephanie was sound asleep within minutes with
  no idea what was happening to her mom or her. 
As Tammy appeared in the doorway the man came over to her. He looked in the
  doorway and saw Stephanie was down for the night. "Did you enjoy my touch slut?" "No!" she
  barked back. For that she quickly received a slap across the face jerking her
  head in surprise more than pain. "What did you say, slut?" he asked. "No Master," she
  replied. "Wrong answer again, slut," he said, "Your body says otherwise." She
  then told him, "Yes Master." But that was not enough, he wanted details and
  for her to say the words. He kept at her until he heard what he wanted her
  to say, "Master, this slut loved your touch on my cunt, please use me as you
  wish, anytime." 
With a big smile on his face he told her okay and had her drop to her knees.
  He then pulled out his cock and made her suck him until he came and then swallow
  every drop. When he was done, he made her thank him. 
He ordered her to follow him and she was taken to the other side of the boxes.
  There she saw all kinds of devices, benches, hooks, chains; all kinds of things.
  She was trying to take it in, figure it all out when his voice brought her
  back to him. "Over here slut!" he ordered and she walked over to him. He reached
  down and felt her cunt. It was a little wet from before or maybe even the cock
  sucking that had just taken place. 
"This will be your first toy," he said as he pulled the cover off of a contraption.
  It was basically a sawhorse which had been padded in places, except rising
  out of the top was a huge black dildo. The master let Tammy look for a moment
  before he told her to get on, by standing on the padded cross braces. She hesitated
  a second, but them deciding she had to do as he ordered she climbed onto the
  contraption. Once she was standing on it, he told her to lower herself down
  onto the dildo. "A slut like you needs to be filled with cock," he told her. 
She positioned herself over the head of the huge black cock and tried to
  work it in, but it was difficult as she was holding herself up with her hands.
  The master decided to help her and began to play with her clit as tried to
  take the dildo. He was able to get it started in her. "That is good for now," he
  said. Master decided he was going to have to help her again and applied some
  lube to the dildo and her cunt. 
He then told her to put her hands behind her back. She told him she couldn't,
  which brought a slap across the face. "What are you suppose to say and do?" he
  asked her. "Say yes master and do it," she replied. "Then do it," he ordered. 
She reposition her legs a little to take the weight of her body off her hands
  on onto her legs. Eventually she was able to hold herself up by her legs and
  moved her hands to behind her back. When she did, they were quickly handcuffed.
  She tried to reach back and steady herself using her cuffed hands, but he quickly
  remedied that thought as he tied her hands to a rope that was hanging from
  the beams. Her hands were no longer of any use to her. 
After a few minutes her legs began to give out and she felt her body easing
  down more and more onto the huge black dildo. "You like that big black cock,
  don't you slut?" he asked. Knowing what her reply should be she answered, "Yes
  master." 
Master enjoyed watching his slut squirm on the huge cock and so decided to
  speed things up a bit. He reached underneath the contraption and flicked a
  switch. The big black dildo came to life, wiggling and moving inside and on
  the edges of her cunt. It was not a regular dildo, but a mechanical one. 
As it moved she felt herself moving with it, even enjoying it a little. On
  occasion she would snap back to reality and try to raise her legs some, but
  they were giving out more and more each time. She was, without wanting to,
  lowering herself down on the waiting machine. 
Suddenly she felt herself reaching an orgasm. This could not be happening
  she thought to herself. She tried to fight it, but it felt so good, so full,
  with each movement of the dildo, she got closer. The master saw her squirming
  and reaching a point of no return. 
After a few minutes of fighting it, her body gave in and she climaxed like
  never before. As she did her left leg slipped off the brace causing her to
  loose her position and driving her down onto her waiting dildo. 
She screamed as it drove all 12 inches deep inside her cunt, now wet with
  excitement. She tried to get her foot back up, but the master told her not
  to. "Put both legs down," he ordered, and she did. She was in a moment of incredible
  pleasure and pain, all at the same time. 
Master let her stay that way for several more minutes. She came four more
  times, impaled on the big black machine. Eventually her turned off the dildo
  and let her just sit there; still full of the cock that had brought her to
  more orgasms than she had ever experienced. 
"Now thank you master for letting you experience real pleasure," he told
  her. She hesitated, still reeling from the many orgasms she had just had. "Sit
  up!" he shouted to her and when she did she felt a crop slam across her fully
  exposed breast. "AHHH!" she screamed. "Hush slut or you might wake the baby," he
  told her. She tried to lean over to prevent another swat, but the master told
  her to sit up or it would be worse. He also told her to thank him each time
  she received a blessing from his crop. 
Tammy sat up as ordered and with each swat winched and then said, "Thank
  you master." After only a few swats of the crop her breasts were scarlet red.
  Tears rolled down from her eyes as she continued to thank the master for each
  painful swat. 
He finally stopped after 20 good swats across her fully exposed breasts.
  He reached over and unhooked her hands from the rope that held the up behind
  her. He then ordered her to get off her stud and follow him. 
Tammy put her feet back on the braces and with the steadying of her hands
  rose off the huge black dildo machine As her soaking wet cunt cleared the top
  of the dildo it came out with a great suction noise. Master smiled, saying
  her cunt loved it so much it didn't want to let go. 
She was embarrassed that she had cum several times while on the machine,
  and that her cunt was still dripping from her own juices. 
Once she was down she was positioned to suck her master. She was a good cock-sucker.
  He came and she swallowed every drop. 
It had been a long day for her and she was exhausted. Master told her to
  go get a shower and then fix him some dinner. He showed her where the shower
  and toilet were. There were no walls or privacy. The walls around the bathroom
  had been torn down and everything was in plain sight. He then showed her where
  the kitchen was and told her what to fix once she had showered. It had no door,
  but was well equipped with stove, microwave, refrigerator, and cabinets. There
  was also a small table with four chairs. 
Once he had shown her what she needed to know he told her to go get cleaned
  up and if she needed anything he would be in his room. He pointed to a room,
  just the other side of the nursery where Stephanie slept. 
Master then headed for his room and Tammy went to get a shower. She needed
  to try and clean herself after he ordeal. She found the water was not very
  warm, but felt good anyway. She scrubbed as best she could and even though
  she was clean, she still felt dirty. She had done things this evening she had
  never even dreamed or thought about. She did not realize it them but her life
  had changed forever. 
Master watched her shower from her room and smiled as he thought about how
  he would use his new property. He laid out in his mind the day by day, hour
  by hour things he could do with her. His mind was racing as he saw her across
  the room showering. 
After her shower Tammy went to go fix master's dinner. She prepared the steak,
  potato, and salad as he had ordered. She was so hunger, but did not want to
  risk being caught eating without permission. 
When his food was done she went to his room and told him. "Good," he said, "I
  was getting hungry." She walked with him to the kitchen. She had placed his
  meal on the table. He then told her that her meal was under the table. She
  could eat him as he ate his meal. Tammy crawled under the table where master
  had already pulled out his cock. She began to suck him, just as before hoping
  that there would also be real food to come. 
After he came and had finished his meal he laid the plate on the floor next
  to him. He told Tammy she could finish the meal as long as she stayed on the
  floor like a bitch. She was so hungry that she did finish the meal on her hands
  and knees. 
Master got up from the table and told her to come to his room when had finished
  eating and cleaning up. After about 45 minute she stood in his doorway and
  said, "Master I am here." He called her in and told her to that she had one
  more thing to do before bedtime. She was glad to hear that she would be able
  to rest soon. 
He undressed and lay on the bed naked. He then told her to come and mount
  his cock like she had her stud machine. She climbed onto the bed and he reached
  to feel her cunt. Not wet enough he told her, maybe you need to play a little.
  Lay here and show me how you play. She lay at the foot of the bed and began
  to rub her cunt. Touching her clit each time she moved her hand. Eventually
  she slide a finger then two into her cunt. As she did he began to play with
  her nipples and took her other hand and placed it on his semi-hard cock. She
  stroked him as she masturbated herself. 
After a few minutes he decided they were ready and lay back on the bed. Mount
  me slut, he told her; and she did sliding her wet cunt down over his hard cock.
  She rocked back and forth, up and down, fucking his cock for what seemed like
  forever. Was it that she was tired or was really lasting a long time? Eventually
  he came, filling her cunt with his cum. After he did she was told to get off
  and clean him with her mouth. She sucked and licked his cock until he told
  her she could go to bed for the night. He told her since she had been so good
  for the first day; she could sleep in Stephanie's room. He showed her where
  a pillow and blanket were and told her to get some sleep; she had a busy day
  tomorrow. 
It did not take her long to get to sleep; she was exhausted. However her
  sleep was not a good one. The floor, even though carpeted was hard and uncomfortable
  and she though she heard noises in the night. But all and all exhaustion won
  out and she was able to get maybe four good hours in. 
Chapter 2  
Morning came early as she heard Stephanie waking, wanting to be changed and
  fed. She changed her diaper and dressed her, but as she did, she noticed that
  her breasts were already leaking milk; as if they could see Stephanie. Tammy
  sat on the floor and let her daughter eat her fill.  
As Stephanie ate, the master popped his head in and told Tammy to finger
  herself every time Stephanie ate. With that Tammy slipped a finger into her
  cunt and began to masturbate. Stephanie was none the wiser. All she knew was
  that she was with mommy and she was eating.  
When Stephanie finished eating Tammy burped her and sat her down on the carpet.
  It was then she realized how bad she needed to go to the bathroom. She also
  remembered that master had told her she could not go without permission. She
  stood in the doorway and called out to him, "Master." "What slut?" he responded. "May
  I use the restroom?" she questioned. It felt odd yelling across a warehouse
  asking permission to go to the bathroom.  
"Okay," he told her, "But wait until I get there." He wants to watch me pee
  she thought to herself. She put Stephanie in a playpen and went over to the
  toilet, which remember is fully exposed and waited for master to come over.  
Master came over and told Tammy that she may use the bathroom, but only if
  she had a cock in her mouth. He was still naked and now his cock was hard again.
  She agreed to his demand and sat on the toilet. Into her mouth went his cock
  and she started to suck as she peed. Even after she had finished he held her
  head in place until he came and she had swallowed it all. When he released
  her she was allowed to wipe and go be with Stephanie.  
As Tammy played with Stephanie, she almost forgot the situation she was in.
  Stephanie was crawling all over the floor with Tammy right behind her. She
  did not see Master come into the room, and was startled when she heard him
  say, "Would you like a horsy back ride?" He told Tammy to stay on all fours
  and picked Stephanie up and put her on mom's back. "Getti-up," he ordered and
  Tammy crawled around with Stephanie on her back. Master held her in place so
  she would not fall and loved when Tammy was required to make horse noises.  
After a few minutes of this Stephanie was taken down and allowed to crawl
  around once again. "Present your backside to me slut," Master ordered. Tammy
  spun around to give him access to her rear. "Please Sir, not in front of my
  daughter," she begged. "Shut up slut," was his only response.  
He reached up under Tammy and began to feel her cunt until it was wet. He
  then pulled an egg vib from his pocket and slipped into her. She felt it go
  in, but was not real sure what it was. Once it was in, Master went back to
  his chair and sat in the chair that he had told Tammy was only for men. He
  then pulled out the remote control to the egg vib and turned it on. The vibration
  startled Tammy and she jumped. Stephanie though she was playing and giggled.
  Master played with the remote for quite some time. Turning it off and on; sometimes
  leaving it on until Tammy was on the brink of an orgasm, then shutting it off
  again.  
For most of the day Tammy was allowed to play with Stephanie. When she fed
  Stephanie, master would get some milk too. Stephanie did not seem to mind.
  And when Stephanie was napping, Master was fucking or making sure the machine
  was fucking his new slut.  
When evening came, it was a different story. Shortly after Tammy had put
  Stephanie down for the night, she heard Master on the phone. When Master had
  finished his call he summoned Tammy to him and received a blow job from her.  
Soon after she had cleaned Master's cock she heard the outer door open and
  several people come in. Master told her to get on her knees and put her hands
  behind her back. She did as instructed and waited what would come next.  
As the others approached her and Master she saw a woman and two men. They
  looked Tammy over as if she were property they were considering buying.  
"Nice," the woman said, "Does she like to eat pussy?" Not sure Master replied. "You
  like to eat pussy, don't you cunt?" Master asked Tammy. She knew what her reply
  was to be and said yes.  
"May I borrow your room?" the woman asked Master. "I would love to see for
  myself." She was told sure and Tammy was instructed to do as the woman told
  her.  
Tammy was lead by the woman to Master's room. The woman undressed, laid on
  the bed and told Tammy to eat her. Tammy climbed up between her legs and started
  to lick the woman's pussy. She was slow starting, but after she began to feel
  the wetness of the woman she picked up her pace. Soon the woman was on the
  verge of an orgasm.  
As the woman came, Tammy's head was grabbed and buried deep into the woman's
  wet pussy. It was held in place until the orgasm subsided. Suddenly Tammy felt
  her body being repositioned from behind. One of the other men had stripped
  and was entering her from behind. The other man took Tammy's head and shoved
  it onto his cock, forcing her to swallow him hard.  
She was fucked and required to suck until both men were satisfied. When she
  was let up she saw the woman sucking on Master's hard cock. After a while everyone
  was satisfied, even Tammy. She could not believe it, but she had actual cum
  again. Her body was telling on her, time and time again.  
Master told the woman to baby-sit so that Tammy could go out and have some
  fun. He asked if they had brought Tammy's outfit for the evening. One of the
  men replied that it was in the bag in the corner. "Then let's get ready for
  a night out on the town," said Master. He told Tammy to take the bag, go get
  cleaned up and then go behind the boxes and put on the clothes in the bag.  
Tammy grabbed the bag and headed to the open bathroom. She was still dripping
  with cum from the men and herself. She showered and dried off then headed behind
  the boxes to finally get dressed.  
Dressed was not really the word that came to mind when she saw what she was
  suppose to put on. She laid out the clothes. There was a lace garter belt,
  thigh high hose, heels, which had to be at least six inches, a red halter top
  and a black micro-mini skirt.  
She put on the hose and garter then the halter. The halter was too big for
  her and cut so deep than when she leaned over to put on the skirt her breast
  fell out. If she stood up you could see her breast from the side. The skirt
  barely covered her ass. You could easily see the tops of her hose. When she
  put the heels on it raised the skirt even more. You could now see the bottom
  edge of her ass and the bush around the bottom edge of her cunt.  
"I don't know," said one of the men sarcastically. "If she is going to dress
  like such a slut, don't you think she ought to be clean shaven?" The men agreed
  that he was right and told her to go shave off all the hair around her cunt.
  She went to the open bathroom and they watched as she shaved herself clean.  
Finally she came back over to the group and was required to lift what little
  bit of a skirt she had to show off her cleanly shaven cunt. "Much better," said
  one of the men.  
Tammy was blindfolded and taken out to a van. She was put in the back. The
  windows had been blacked out and she could not see out if she wanted to. What
  she did see, when they allowed her to remove the blindfold, was that when she
  sat down, her shaved cunt was very visible. You could see the swollen lips
  of her cunt. She crossed her legs, but was grabbed and told to NEVER cross
  her legs. There had to be at least a hands width at her knees whenever she
  sat down.  
She knew her evening was going to be one of great exposure, but not sure
  what else. They drove for a while, making several turns, so she could not remember
  where she was coming from. They also talked to her making her repeat vulgar
  things about herself.  
Eventually they arrived at their destination. The men got out of the van
  and then told Tammy to exit. As she did she saw the flash of a camera. Suddenly
  she realized that she was being photographic and the picture was of her exposing
  herself as she scooted out of the seat.  
The men then lead her into a bar. It was fairly dark inside, but her manner
  of dress received instant attention. The men walked over to a table and stools
  near the bar and sat down. Tammy joined them sitting on the stool. As she did
  her skirt rode up even more, fully exposing her cleanly shaven cunt for all
  to see.  
The waitress came over and gave Tammy a dirty look but said nothing to her
  directly. She took the orders and made her way back to the kitchen.  
Tammy sat there looking around the room and seeing many men eyeing her over.
  She was so embarrassed at what she was having to do.  
"Follow me," Master stated, bringing her out of her daze. She got off the
  stool and followed him to the restrooms. She was shocked though as he entered
  the men's room. Was she to follow him in there? He opened the door and motioned
  her in, answering her question.  
He told her that she was to take off her stockings, get on her knees and
  suck him off. She headed for a stall, but he told her to do it right in the
  middle of the floor. She couldn't believe it; she was going to be sucking him
  in the middle of a public restroom.  
While she was sucking him a man came in to relieve himself. "Nice," said
  the man as he walked by. Master told him he could be next if he wanted. "Shit
  yea," was the reply and as soon as the man finished peeing he waited in line
  for his bj. As soon as Master had cum and was clean the other man's cock was
  filling her mouth.  
The man came quickly, but was very satisfied. As he left, Master told Tammy
  to take her stockings and go back out to the bar. She was to give a stocking
  to a man and beg him to let her suck him. She was to do that with both stockings.
  When she had her two men, she was to come back to the men's room and take care
  of them.  
Tammy was then told to go get her two men. She did as she was ordered. She
  walked around and talked with a few guys before she led two of them back to
  the men's room. Once there she got on her knees and took one at a time. The
  two men came fairly quickly. She was happy to be out of the bathroom and headed
  back to her seat.  
When she arrived back at the table, Master asked her where she had been.
  She told him the restroom. He asked her what she had been doing for such a
  long time. She told him sucking the two men off. He made her repeat it, in
  more detail until she said it loud enough for people two tables away to hear
  it. She was so embarrassed. It was bad enough to have to suck a stranger in
  the men's room, but then have to declare it to everyone in the bar.  
This scene was repeated at two more bars throughout the night. Lastly they
  pulled up to another bar. She figured it was near closing because several people
  were all leaving at the same time. She followed Master and the other two men
  to the door. Once inside they were greeted by someone that may have been the
  owner. He was a big black man and was seemed very excited to see Master. They
  chatted for a little bit as Tammy stood there by the door getting eyed by the
  few men that were still inside.  
Master then headed in, followed by the two men and Tammy bringing up the
  rear. They sat at a table near a small stage. It was then that Master told
  Tammy she was the entertainment for this special show. He then laid out her
  instructions for the rest of the evening. She hung her head low and teared
  up a little as Master explained what she was to do. She knew though she had
  no choice in the matter, she was property to be used; a slave for the rest
  of her vacation.  
The music started and Tammy went up on stage as instructed. As the music
  played she stripped, first loosing her halter and letting it fall; then easing
  off her skirt. There she was dancing, sort of, in front of her captures and
  6 black men wearing only a garter, stockings and heels.  
When the music stopped Tammy yelled out, as instructed, that now the show
  could really begin. She told them she needed cock, big black cock, and that
  she would take any that wanted to give it up. The owner then brought out a
  mat from a back room and Tammy laid on it, took off her stockings, garter,
  and heels and then shouted, "I need cock, a big black cock!"  
She shouted it louder and louder, as instructed, until the men came. Soon
  she was busy, with one in her cunt and one in her mouth, she sucked and fucked
  for what seemed like hours. Finally she realized there were no more cocks for
  her to take care of. She was done and so collapsed on the mat with exhaustion.  
After a few minutes of rest Master told her it was time to go. He had the
  other two men basically carry her out to the van and throw her in. She was
  still naked and full of cum. Her cunt dripped with it, oozed with it. She was
  blindfolded for the ride home; not that it mattered. She was so exhausted;
  she lay in the van and did not move.  
When they arrived back at the warehouse she was told to clean up her mess
  in the van. While on her hands and knees, she licked up all the cum that had
  leaked from her cunt. Eventually she was allowed to go clean up and sleep for
  the rest of the night.  
Chapter 3  
Morning came too soon. She was awakened by Stephanie's crying. She wanted
  to be changed and fed. Tammy crawled over to Stephanie's bed, took her out,
  changed her, and then let her suckle mommy's breast.  
Master, the two men, and the woman came in to watch. Master made Tammy tell
  the woman what she had done the night before. He made her say loudly that she
  was a slut and needed big black cock. He made her thank him, in detail, for
  providing what she needed. Master then made Tammy thank the woman for babysitting
  Stephanie.  
Tammy told Master and the woman Thank You; but that was not enough. Master
  required her to show her thanks. He made Tammy suck his cock while Stephanie
  was sucking her breast. Tammy begged him not to in front of her daughter, but
  to no avail. The woman played with Tammy's cunt as she served Master.  
The woman was a pro and soon Tammy came against her will. All while Stephanie
  ate her breakfast. When Stephanie was finished the woman sat in a chair and
  told Tammy to crawl over and eat her. Tammy did as told while the Master put
  Stephanie in her playpen. The other two men took turns at Tammy's cunt as she
  serviced the woman.  
When everyone was satisfied, Tammy was allowed to go pee and get cleaned
  up. She was then required to fix everyone breakfast. As she fixed breakfast
  for everyone the others were taking, or show I say planning what Tammy's future
  held.  
When breakfast was ready and served at the table; Tammy was sent underneath
  to suck the men and eat the woman. Each was satisfied before Tammy was allowed
  to eat.  
Tammy was tired, but had not chance to really rest. Once she had eaten and
  the kitchen cleaned, she was taken to the area with the bench, etc. This time
  there were no boxes to hide it. It was right out in the open, just like her
  bathroom,  
She was told to beg for her huge black cock and did so until she was screaming
  it. "I need to be fucked by the huge black cock," she cried out; until she
  was allowed to mount the monster machine. She had to slowly lower herself onto
  the huge dildo, until it was buried inside her. Then the Master turned on the
  big machine and Tammy was fucked hard as she rode the mechanical cock.  
Tammy came several times as the dildo fucked her hard. When she was allowed
  to get off she noticed another man had joined the group. She was embarrassed
  that someone else had seen her, but was too exhausted to really care.  
As she got over to him he asked her if she enjoyed her ride. She responded
  that she did and that she needed her huge black monster in her. "Good," he
  replied and took her by the hand to the kitchen. She could barely walk as he
  lead her; half by the fucking and the many orgasms and half by her exhaustion.  
The man talked with her in a very monotone voice and soon she was nearly
  asleep. It was then that he hypnotized her. She was not aware of what he was
  doing, but her subconscious seemed to take over. Soon he had her in a deep
  trance and questioned her about her past, etc. She readily gave up every detail
  he asked for.  
Before he finished he set in place a hypnotic suggestion that would make
  her theirs forever. He told her that when she heard the words, "Hello Slave," she
  would revert back to what she truly was; a slave. She would obey her Master
  or Mistress completely, without question or hesitation. When she heard the
  words, "Secret Time," she would take on the roll of not being a slave, but
  an ordinary person; but with special desires.  
The hypnotist also planted a desire to be naked as much as possible, the
  desire to be without panties or bra whenever possible, and the desire for sex.
  She would desire to stay naked when home. She would desire to have her pussy
  shaved bare. She would desire to not wear any undergarments unless told to
  by her boss, and she would desire sex from either man or woman.  
After a few more minutes of making sure the thoughts were imbedded, the man
  told her that she would awaken when he counted to three. When he did, she woke
  as if nothing had happened.  
He had her continue talking about her riding the huge black dildo machine.
  He told her and she repeated how much she needed it, how much it pleased her
  and how much she appreciated it. After a few minutes of having her describe,
  in detail how she had rode the machine and orgasmed several times he demanded
  and got a bj. After he had cum and she had sucked him clean she was allowed
  to go get cleaned up.  
It was nearing lunchtime and Tammy was instructed to fix lunch, but there
  would be only her and the woman; who she was to call Mistress. She started
  to fix lunch when the Mistress came in and began to play with her breast. Tammy
  became aroused, but tried to hide it. She could not believe that all of this
  was getting her excited. What was wrong with her? When the Mistress slid her
  hand down to Tammy's cunt, it was wet. She slipped two fingers in and then
  stuck them in Tammy's mouth. "See how good you taste, dear," the Mistress said.  
Tammy was on the edge of an orgasm, but that is what the Mistress wanted
  as she played. Soon she had Tammy totally off fixing the lunch and begging
  to cum. The Mistress told her she could, but only after she did. The Mistress
  sat back in a chair and Tammy dove between her legs. Tammy licked away at the
  Mistress's pussy and nibbled at her clit until she came.  
Tammy was next and the Mistress told her to sit in the chair. The Mistress
  then got between Tammy's legs and ate her until she exploded in a wild orgasm.  
Tammy finished fixing lunch will her juices dripped from her cunt. Mistress
  ate and then Tammy finished off what was left. After lunch Tammy was allowed
  to go play with Stephanie. Stephanie seemed to not be bothered by all that
  was going on. Actually she liked having more people to play with. It was just
  like day care, but with no other kids. She also liked having mommy's breast
  available a lot. She could snack whenever she wanted. On occasion the Mistress
  would play with Tammy or order her to do something, but for the most part the
  afternoon was for Stephanie.  
About 4 PM the Master came back with the two other guys. The Mistress explained
  how much Tammy loved eating pussy. ""Is that right?" asked Master. Tammy replied, "Yes." "Tell
  me all about it," said Master. Tammy knew she was to give detail and make like
  she really loved eating another woman. She explained how she loved the taste
  and how the juices flowed. She explained how she loved to please and how shoe
  loved to flick her tongue on their clit. As she explained all of this, she
  was actually getting wet. Maybe she did love it.  
If she loves it that much, maybe you should give her more, said the Master. "I
  know just the place," said the Mistress, "But I will need to do a little shopping." With
  that she went, got dressed and headed out. Master and the other two men took
  turns with Tammy, fucking her, playing with her breast and spanking her.  
After they had satisfied themselves with her they allowed her to play with
  Stephanie. Of course her cunt was still dripping with cum. Eventually the Mistress
  returned with some outfits; just right for the evening.  
After Tammy fixed dinner for everyone and had serviced each from under the
  table, she too was allowed to eat. Once she had eaten, cleaned the kitchen,
  she was allowed to go get ready for the evening.  
The Mistress brought her her outfit for the evening and Tammy began to put
  it on. It was very revealing. Tammy prayed she was not going to be in public.
  The outfit was basically a halter dress which was backless. It was bright red
  and very low cut. It also had slits down both side beginning at just above
  the waist. She was given a red garter, stockings, and four inch heels. Of course
  they were neither bra nor panties. If you looked at Tammy from the side you
  could see that she had on no panties. Each time she took a step the dress revealed
  her slutiness. To top off the outfit she was required to wear a jet black collar
  that said slave. It had a ring on it in which Mistress could, and did attach
  a leash.  
Mistress showed Tammy off to the men and then asked one of them to drive
  them to the club. Tammy, once again, was blindfolded and off to who knows where.
  When they arrived her blindfold was removed and Mistress got out. She opened
  got out and called for Tammy to exit the car. As she did the leash was attached
  to her collar and she was escorted into the club, like a dog.  
Once in, everyone took a good look at the new girl. Tammy was embarrassed
  at all the stares. Several of the women even came over to her and slide their
  hands through the slits in her dress to her cunt. Mistress of course paused
  and allowed them access.  
After a few minutes of parading around, Mistress unhooked Tammy's leash and
  told her to go get a drink for her Mistress. As Tammy started to walk away
  to the bar Mistress reminded her, what she needed to say. With a, "Yes Mistress" Tammy
  again headed for the bar.  
As Tammy walked over to the bar she noticed a few other women there that
  were being treated as slaves. The Mistresses seemed to be having a good time
  with them. When Tammy returned to Mistress she found her taking with a few
  other women. She handed Mistress her drink and took up a position behind her;
  as told earlier. She heard Mistress telling the other women how much Tammy
  loved to eat pussy and wanted to show off her new toy. One of the other women
  asked if she could see what Mistress had brought. Mistress then told Tammy
  to raise her dress. Tammy did so exposing her cunt to everyone looking. "Nice," said
  the one woman, "But still hard to see." Mistress then told Tammy to take off
  her dress. Tammy did as ordered and stood naked in the bar except for her collar
  and heels. As she stood there many applauded and other just looked. Tammy was
  so embarrassed, but knew there was nothing she could do but obey.  
One of the other women asked Mistress is she wanted Tammy to play on stage.
  She could arrange another slave to join her. "That's why we are here," said
  Mistress. She then hooked the leash on Tammy and led her to a backstage area.
  She explained to Tammy that in a few minutes she would be led out onto the
  stage, on her hands and knees. She would crawl over to another slave that will
  be ready to be eaten. When she arrives she will dig into the cunt of the slave. "The
  sooner you can make the other slave cum, the better your prize will be," said
  Mistress.  
When someone told Mistress everything was ready Tammy was told to get on
  her hands and knees. When she did she was led out onto stage where she could
  be watched by everyone. There on stage was a woman, tied down to a small bench
  with her legs spread wide. Her Mistress stood near her head whip a crop in
  hand. Tammy did as ordered and crawled over the girl and began eating her cunt.  
The girl was already wet from being exposed up on stage and from her Mistress
  playing with her tits. As the girl's breathing increased her Mistress began
  to whip her fully exposed and vulnerable breast, telling her she better not
  cum. It was a contest between Tammy and the girl's Mistress as to who would
  win.  
Eventually the girl irrupted in a wild orgasm; her body shaking and moans
  loud. You could also hear the crop falling on her breast as she did. "Not bad," said
  one of the other women. Now let's see how she can do on the other end.  
Tammy was then strapped down as the other girl had been and another slave
  was brought out to Tammy's cunt. Her tongue dove right into Tammy's wet cunt;
  surprising her a little. Mistress did not use a crop on her, but told her she
  would be severely punished if she did not hold out for at least five minutes.  
Tammy had no idea how long had passed only that she was on the verge of orgasm.
  Her body was giving her away as she jerked and moaned as it approached. The
  women cheered both slaves on to help them do their job well. Suddenly Tammy's
  cunt erupted as never before. The orgasm was intense and she was dazed by it.
  The other slave continued to lick until told to stop. Tammy had cum three times
  by the time she was released.  
As a reward for doing well she was allowed to continue to entertain the audience.
  She and the first slave were given a big double headed dildo and were told
  to fuck each other. The other slave laid down on the stage and the dildo was
  positioned just in her cunt. Tammy was told to lay on her and the other end
  was slid into her cunt. As Tammy moved closer to the other slave, both were
  filled with the huge dildo.  
Both girls were soon into the fucking and forgot about the crowd watching.
  Both girls came at nearly the same time to the pleasure of the crowd. It was
  only as their orgasms resided that Tammy remembered where she was.  
The dildo was pulled from their cunts and two other slaves took their place.
  Tammy leash was reattached and she was led off stage. Her juices were still
  dripping from her cunt as she crawled out into the audience.  
Mistress told one of the women that had to be leaving. A bag with Tammy's
  clothes was brought to them. Tammy was told to take the bag in her mouth and
  Mistress escorted her outside like a real dog. She was actually walked out
  to the car, naked except for collar and leash and dripping from the evening.  
Tammy got up into the car and fell asleep shortly after they headed back
  to the warehouse. Tammy was blindfolded, even though she was already out of
  it. She was awakened when they arrived.  
She was thankful for the short nap because she was immediately fucked by
  the men upon her arrival. After the fucking she was made to tell the men everything
  she did and tell them how much she enjoyed it; even if she didn't.  
Chapter 4   
 Tammy was used daily in many ways. She was used by her Master, Mistress,
  the other men, the huge black dildo machine, and by real black men. She was
  able to see Stephanie fairly regularly, but always naked and many times used
  in front of her baby. Of course she tried to not let Stephanie what was happening.
  She did a good job of hiding what was happening to her and Stephanie seemed
  not to mind at all. She was getting more attention than ever before.  
 One day nearing her time with them, the man that had hypnotized her returned.
  She did not know she had been hypnotized, only that he was another man that
  used her. They had him return on a day that Tammy had been used a lot and without
  much sleep. It was easy again to hypnotize her.  
 When she was out this time he told her that when the words, "Your Work Is
  Done Here," were said, she would not remember any of the events that had happened
  to her. She would only remember having a great vacation. He implanted a few
  details of a typical vacation that her and Stephanie were going to go on, in
  case she was asked about specifics. He also implanted the suggestion that if
  she heard the words "Wet Down There," she would have an orgasm. He then woke
  her up, fucked her and left; her still not having any idea she had been hypnotized.  
 Soon the time came to release her. She was taken to a spot near where she
  had planned on vacationing. Master had her get dressed again, in an outfit
  she had in her suitcase. They put her in the driver's seat and Stephanie in
  her car seat. Master then went over to her window and uttered the words the
  hypnotist had set in her mind to bring her back to reality.  
 When Master said the words Tammy snapped into sort of a semi trance and
  then back out. Master continued talking as if he had been giving her directions.
  With that she was on her way, none the wiser.  
 Tammy returned home as if she had had a great vacation. Master had set up
  everything just right. She had laundry to do, and all the other stuff needed
  after two weeks away.  
 The only thing was that when she arrived home, she had a strange feeling
  that she should be naked. She dismissed it at first keeping busy, but soon
  it got the best of her and she worked while wearing only panties. That felt
  better, but she still felt that naked would be better, more risky, more free.
  Soon she was naked working about the house as if she had always been that way.
  She liked it that way; naked and free. She decided to put a robe near the door
  in case someone came.  
 She had to go to the store to restock her refrigerator. When it came time
  to get dressed she decided to go without a bra. She told herself it was normal
  for women to do that; besides, it felt better. In the store her nipples hardened
  from the cold, but she did not seem to mind the stares of the men and bag boys.
  Actually she enjoyed them noticing her. It made her feel special.  
 She did her shopping and upon her return home, quickly disrobed. She could
  not believe the difference; naked felt soooo much better. She thought about
  Stephanie, but she did not seem to mind at all. She put her groceries away,
  did the laundry and before fixing dinner; she decided to fed Stephanie. How
  convenient it was to be already naked. As she laid Stephanie in her lap and
  she began to suckle, Tammy suddenly became aware of the wetness between her
  legs. She was surprised and somewhat shocked, but did not want to disturb Stephanie,
  so she did not stop. Soon it was really affecting her and she had an orgasm.
  She had had a few when she first starting feeding Stephanie, but not lately.
  (Little did she know)  
 After feeding Stephanie, she cleaned herself off and began dinner for herself.
  As she prepared dinner she thought about work tomorrow. She was tired from
  her vacation. A lot of people had joked how you need to come back to work to
  get rest from the vacation, but she could not remember doing a whole lot. It
  might be good to get back into a routine, she thought.  
 After dinner she and Stephanie watched a little TV and then Tammy put her
  daughter to bed. She went back to watching TV and suddenly caught herself playing
  with her pussy. She was wet and so were her fingers. She thought she should
  be embarrassed, but what's the big deal, no one is around. With that she decided
  to go to her room. She turned on the TV, but also got out a vibrator from her
  night stand drawer.  
 She lay on the bed and vibrated herself into multiple orgasms. Wet and tired
  from her orgasms she decided to get a shower and turn in. In the shower though
  she caught herself playing again and brought herself to another orgasm. "Am
  I horny or what," she thought to herself. She went to bed and slept naked for
  the first time since her break up with her x-husband.  
Morning came and she slipped on a robe to go get Stephanie up. Feeling odd
  though, it soon came off. She changed and fed Stephanie; getting her stuff
  ready for her first day back at daycare since their vacation. She then laid
  out her own clothes for work. As she began to get dressed, she realized it
  felt odd wearing clothes. She knew she could not go to work naked, even though
  it felt so good. She decided to change the blouse to a darker on and not wear
  a bra. If anyone said anything she could say she did not have time to wash
  them or they got lost in a luggage transfer.  
She finished dressing and loaded Stephanie into the car. She drove Stephanie
  to the day care. They made a big fuss over her as usual. It made Tammy feel
  better knowing that Stephanie was well taken care of while she worked. When
  she arrived at work everyone asked her how her vacation was. She gave the details
  of the trip that been implanted in her head by the hypnotist.  
Soon things seemed to be back to normal, other than being braless at work;
  that is until lunch. Tammy and one of her girlfriends, Becky, decided to go
  to lunch together. When they were out Tammy excused herself to go to the restroom.
  On her way she overheard two men taking about a fishing trip being rained out.
  As she began to open the restroom door, one of the men said, "I bet it was
  wet down there with all that rain." Upon hearing the words, "wet down there," Tammy
  had an immediate orgasm. It took her completely off guard, since she was not
  overly excited. She grabbed hold of the door frame until it passed. When she
  finally made it into the restroom she noticed her panties were soaked. She
  could not go back to work like that. She decided to toss the panties and just
  clean herself off. As she did she thought about what had just happened. She
  dismissed it as just being tired and her routine being off from the vacation.
  She rejoined Becky and finished her lunch. The rest of the day at work was
  normal, except now she was without bra and panties.  
When she finished work she quickly went to pick up Stephanie, at daycare.
  Stephanie was glad to see her mom, but had had a good time at daycare with
  her playmates and workers. One of the women there commented on how big she
  had grown and how much they had missed her.  
When they got home, Tammy brought Stephanie and all of her stuff into the
  house. She fed Stephanie and then felt that she needed, or wanted to be naked
  again. She was not sure where these odd feelings were coming from, but she
  obeyed her desire and was soon naked. It did feel better, it felt right. She
  fixed herself dinner and after eating played with her daughter until bedtime.  
After putting Stephanie to bed, Tammy showered. As she did she decided to
  take care of the horniness she felt and masturbated to climax. After finishing
  her shower and during off she climbed into bed and turned on the TV. As she
  watched TV she felt herself honey again and realized she was getting wet again.
  She took the vib out of the drawer and fucked her pussy with it on full. When
  she came, she realized she had been loud and hoped she had not woke Stephanie.
  She cleaned off and went in to check on her. Sound asleep! Now it was her turn;
  and she went back to bed and fell asleep.  
The next morning she awakened and started her regular routine. She decided,
  since no one had said anything about the bra to go without again. She also
  decided to go without the panties and just wear pantyhose. She even thought
  of going to the store during lunch and getting some crotchless pantyhose or
  garter and stockings. She liked the feeling of being free. Get got Stephanie
  ready and finished getting dressed. Soon they were off and her day had begun.  
She dropped her daughter off at daycare and then headed for work. Once there
  she parked and took her stuff in and began her day. It was a normal day at
  work. She was staring to get back into a routine. When lunchtime came around
  she bowed out of an invitation to go out. Instead she went to the mall and
  shopped for some stockings, thigh highs, garters, etc. She purchased various
  ones, some sexy and some regular, but all would expose her pussy if she was
  not wearing panties.  
When she returned to work she found a note on her desk from Ted, one of the
  men in her office. It read: Missed you at lunch, would you like to have dinner
  sometime? Ted was a fairly handsome man in his mid forties. She had never been
  particularly interested in him, but he hadn't shown any interest in her either.
  She called his extension and asked if Wednesday night would be okay. He agreed
  and the date was set; if Tammy could get a sitter.  
Tammy finished work and picked up Stephanie without any excitement. They
  spent the evening at home together. After Tammy had put Stephanie to bed she
  called a few of her regular sitters and arranged to get Brenda to sit on Wednesday.
  She also, without really knowing why had he schedule to sit on Friday night
  as well.  
As was becoming the routine, Tammy masturbated with the vibrator until she
  had reached several orgasms. A quick shower and she was in bed for the night.
  As she lay there though she thought of Ted. He was a nice enough guy. She had
  not dated much since her divorce, but now she felt freer. She was ready to
  have some fun.  
The next morning she spent her time with her daughter, feeding her getting
  her ready for her day at daycare. She then laid out her clothes for work. She
  decided to wear some of the new stuff she had bought. She decided to go braless
  again, as it felt better and no one had said anything negative. She did not
  have any real dark blouses though and worried if she wore a lighter one, would
  her nipples show. She decided to chance it. She wore a light blue blouse and
  got a few more looks, and smiles from the men, than normal, but no one said
  anything.  
She did her job, went to lunch, and even talked with Ted a little during
  the day. When work was done she headed to the daycare to get Stephanie and
  take her home. On the way she thought about what she would wear out to dinner
  with Ted. She loved the feel it felt not wearing a bra or panties. Sometimes
  she would feel a breath of air rising up to her bare pussy. She did not remember
  when she began shaving her pubic hair; it must have been for the vacation,
  but now it seemed normal. She decided on a fairly short sexy dress and a garter
  and stockings she had bought the day before. She had a pair of heels that would
  go great with it.  
Tammy picked up Stephanie and took her home. She fed her, bathed her, and
  got her changed to her pajamas before the sitter was to come over. She was
  in Stephanie's room finishing when the doorbell rang. She headed for the door
  and almost forgot she was naked before opening it. She slipped on the robe
  next to the door and greeted the sitter.  
Brenda, the sitter was a high school student that sat to earn extra money.
  She had agreed to sit on Friday as well, saying she had test coming up so she
  needed to study instead of going out. Brenda greeted Tammy and then dropped
  her stuff off on the way to Stephanie's room. Tammy said she needed to finish
  getting dress and would give her the details before she left.  
Tammy dressed while Brenda played with Stephanie. When Tammy came out to
  give Brenda details of where she would be and when she would be home; Brenda
  commented on how great she looked. "Wow!" she said, "You look hot! It must
  be some special guy." Tammy told her not really, but thanks for the complement.  
Soon Ted arrived and said the same thing. He was glad to have such a hot
  girl with him. He could not believe the change in her since her vacation. He
  told her he could not place his finger on it, but she was much sexier now.  
As Ted drove to the restaurant he noticed that Tammy's dress had ridden up
  some and that he could see the tops of her stockings and that she was wearing
  a garter belt. He was very excited at this. Little did he know that that was
  all she had on under her dress. Soon they arrived at the restaurant and were
  seated. As Ted sat across from her he began to see that she may not have a
  bra on. Her nipples were getting harder because of the cold A/C.  
He tried to be a complete gentleman as they ate and talked. He did however
  catch himself staring at her breast and thinking how great it would be to sleep
  with her. When they had finished dinner and as they were leaving Ted put his
  arm on Tammy's back as to guide her around some other people. He knew then
  that she was not wearing a bra. He decided to come on to her a little more,
  hoping that she had dressed that way for him. He put his arm around her pulled
  him a little closer to him as they walked to the car. As he did her hand brushed
  against his crotch and she noticed that he was semi-hard. She quickly pulled
  it away, but remembered it for sure.  
When they got in the car he noticed that her dress had ridden up even more
  as she sat. She noticed it too, but did nothing to cover her exposed legs and
  stocking tops or garter. During the drive they talked and at one point he decided
  to go one more step further. He reached over and put his hand on her leg. She
  reached over and added hers to it, but did not remove it or try to stop him
  in any way. Actually she moved his hand up a little, then back down as if asking
  for him to rub her thigh.  
He gladly obliged and began to massage her thigh as they talked about her
  vacation, work, whatever. When they pulled up into her driveway Ted shut off
  the car and leaned over to try and give Tammy a little kiss. As he did his
  hand slid higher up on her thigh. He noticed that she must have a thong on
  or very small panties. Tammy returned the kiss more passionately than she had
  intended. As she did she felt very horny and without thinking she invited him
  in for coffee before he left.  
He accepted of course and they walked to the door. Ted put his arm around
  her again as they walked and helped Tammy open the door. Once in Tammy thanked
  Brenda and paid her. Brenda was somewhat shocked that Ted was with her; she
  had never brought someone home before. This guy must be someone special.  
After Brenda left Tammy fixed coffee for them both. As it was heating she
  excused herself to check on Stephanie; who was sound asleep. Upon her return
  with the coffee Tammy sat next to Ted on the couch and thanked him for a great
  evening. Ted slipped his arm over Tammy's shoulder and pulled her closer to
  him. She easily slid over and her hand fell on his leg. He talked about how
  hot she looked and how much she brightened up the office. Her whole personality
  was greater, much freer, and much more friendly.  
As he talked; her hand was massaging his leg. She didn't realize it, but
  he sure did; as the bulge in his pants was expanding. Once when she had put
  her coffee down he pulled her close and kissed her. Again it turned into a
  more passionate kiss than was expected, but Ted was loving it. As they kissed
  he felt Tammy's hand move higher to his crotch. If she goes any further she
  would surely feel his rock hard cock. Without thinking, maybe due to the passion,
  his hand began to massage her breast. He knew for sure now they was no bra
  as one of his fingers slipped between two buttons and began to massage her
  left nipple.  
This excited Tammy and her hand moved higher finding his hard cock. She was
  surprised and suddenly pulled back a second, but then embraced the thought
  of his cock and grabbed it through his pants. This set him off and he kissed
  harder and rubbed on her nipples more, actually unbuttoning one of the buttons
  so he could get his hand inside her dress. Soon they were really at it and
  each was trying to undress the other. Seeing the difficulty they were having
  Tammy blurted out she wanted him so bad. She apologized that she had never
  done this before, but he had her so turned on. At this point he didn't care
  if she did it every night; he wanted her as bad as she wanted him.  
They were stripping off clothes as they made their way to her bedroom. As
  Tammy removed her dress, Ted saw that she was not wearing a thong; she was
  not wearing anything underneath. He grew even more excited, if that were possible.
  Soon they were naked and making love like two teenagers. Ted's cock was a nice
  size, not huge, but nice. She sucked it deep into her mouth and began to give
  him a blowjob. Soon she realized he was going to cum unless she slowed down,
  so she pulled off of him and took his hand from her breast and moved it to
  her wet pussy.  
He felt her pussy until she was soaking wet and when she was nearing an orgasm
  she pulled his hand from her pussy, brought it to her mouth, licked his fingers
  covered with her juices and then mounted him. They fucked for a few minutes
  until both came; almost at the same time.  
When she slid off of him she almost immediately went to licking his cock.
  This surprised him, but it was a pleasant surprise. Her licking turned into
  sucking and soon he was hard again and mounting her this time. They fucked
  again. She came twice before he reached his second orgasm. After that he laid
  next to her and just hugged her up. She loved it cuddling up next to him. She
  rubbed on his chest as he fondled her breast some.  
After a while of just laying there he said he guessed he should go. She asked
  if she could clean him off with her tongue and he quickly agreed. She licked
  the juices off his cock and made sure he was clean before he got up to get
  dressed. She stayed naked as she helped him get dressed; thanking him for everything.  
She walked him to the door and they kissed one more time as he got ready
  to go. "See you tomorrow," she said with a smile. He smiled back and said, "You
  bet you will." When he was gone, Tammy took a shower. This time she did not
  need to masturbate, she was satisfied. She dried off and went straight to bed.  
Morning came way too early and Tammy struggled to get Stephanie and herself
  ready. She wore a beige dress, that she hoped you could not see through, and
  thigh highs.  
When she arrived at work she was greeted by Ted who thanked her for a fantastic
  evening. He wanted to know when they could do it again. She said maybe he could
  come to dinner at her house Saturday night, so she wouldn't have to get a sitter
  too much. He agreed and left as if he were walking on air. This would give
  him a chance to meet Stephanie. If he was really special, then he would have
  to love her daughter. It would be a good first test.  
She went to lunch with Becky, who said she had a glow to her. "You must have
  had a good time last night," Becky said. "Yes we did," Tammy replied and left
  it at that. The rest of the day went as normal. Maybe a few more people looked
  at her and she wondered if they could tell she was not wearing anything on
  underneath, but no one said anything so she dismissed it.  
That evening, when she got home from getting Stephanie, there was a bouquet
  of flowers at her door with a card thanking her for a great time last night.
  She thought that was sweet as she put them inside the house. She would have
  to thank him tomorrow at work. The rest of the night was filled with dinner
  and a bath for Stephanie, followed by some TV and reading to her. When Stephanie
  was in bed, Tammy made her way to her room and to the nightstand. She pulled
  out her vib and took care of the horniness that was building up inside her.
  She came four times before getting a shower and going to bed.  
Chapter 5  
Friday morning was a little better, Tammy was more rested and she was not
  as rushed. She fixed breakfast for her and Stephanie, got her daughter ready
  for daycare, and then figured out what she would wear. She once again picked
  out a dress and once again wore nothing underneath, but thigh highs. She liked
  the feeling of being free, even if no one knew.  
At work she dropped off her stuff and went over to Ted's office. She popped
  her head in and thanked him for the flowers. "Sure thing," he said, "See you
  tonight." She asked if he could come over right after work; she needed to get
  Stephanie from daycare, but it should not take long. He agreed and said he
  would see her later; he was looking forward to it. With that he gave a big
  smile, which she returned.  
After work she went to go get Stephanie and then headed home. Her and Ted
  arrived at about the same time. He helped her carry Stephanie's stuff into
  the house. Once she got Stephanie settled in her playpen she told Ted she was
  going to get changed. She asked if he had any preferences. "Naked works for
  me," he said jokingly. "Naked it is then," she replied and removed her heels
  and dress. He stood in awe as he realized that she was not wearing anything
  underneath her dress at work either. "Very nice," he said as she removed her
  thigh highs. Now naked she asked if he would pour them a glass of wine while
  she started dinner.  
He did, while trying to keep and eye of her lovely naked body. When he brought
  her her glass of wine he gave her a hug and quick pat on her shaved pussy. "Later," she
  said as she went back to work fixing dinner. She told him to get comfortable
  and relax. "How can I get comfortable with such a hot woman in my presence," he
  responded. She reached back and gave his crotch a quick squeeze. "Later baby,
  I promise," she added and went back to her work.  
He sat where he could see her, but soon realized that she was busy, so his
  attention turned to Stephanie who was playing in her playpen. Finally he stood
  over the edge of the playpen and asked if he could take her out for a bit.
  Tammy told him sure and he pulled Stephanie out with a squeal from her. She
  was use to people picking her up and playing with her. Tammy thought it was
  only because of daycare, but Stephanie had been handled by the men and Mistress
  as Tammy was used as a slave.  
Ted played with Stephanie some until dinner was ready. He then put her back
  into her playpen and joined Tammy in the kitchen. He sat next to her and they
  talked as they ate. On occasion he would reach over and touch either her breast
  or pussy. "She would tease back with an," Easy big fella." When dinner was
  over Ted helped Tammy with the dishes. More so he could rub up against her
  naked body. After about a minute of this, Tammy glanced over her shoulder and
  saw that they could not be seen by Stephanie. Suddenly, and to his total surprise,
  she dropped to her knees and said, "Okay, you asked for it." She unzipped his
  pants, pulled out his cock and began to give him a blowjob. He stood there
  hanging onto the counter as she gave him the best blowjob he had ever had.
  When he came, she swallowed every drop, put his cock back in his pants, zipped
  him up and said, "Maybe that will hold you for a little bit." He just smiled
  as he made his way back into the living room where Stephanie was playing.  
Soon Tammy finished the dishes and joined Ted and Stephanie in the Living
  Room. They all wound up on the couch with Stephanie sitting in Tammy's lap
  and Ted next to them. Ted slipped his arm over Tammy's shoulder so he could
  play with her breast. Stephanie decided that it was time for her to eat and
  the dinner table was right there. She clamped onto Tammy's nipple and began
  to suckle. Tammy smiled and said, "I hope you don't mind." "Not at all," he
  laughed, "As long as I can have some," he replied. Tammy told him to help himself
  and soon he was on the other breast. Mother's milk was not what he expected,
  but sucked on her nipple some anyway. Tammy on the other hand was loving it.
  She had both nipples being used. As Ted sucked on Tammy, he slid his hand down
  to her pussy. He figured Stephanie was busy and would not see. As soon as Tammy
  felt his hand on her thigh, her legs spread wide, giving him access to her
  pussy. He played with her as she fed Stephanie. She fought the climax building
  up within her until she could fight no more. She came with a load moan. Startling
  Stephanie and making Ted laugh a little. "Oh yea," Tammy said back, "Sometime
  we will have to see how your do when I play with you." Tammy asked him to go
  get a towel from the bathroom to clean up the mess he had just made. "My mess," he
  answered, "It came from you." "But it was your fault," she replied; as he went
  to get the towel. He helped clean her and the couch up as Stephanie finished
  her dinner.  
Afterwards Ted reminded her that he would be out of town that weekend and
  the following week. He did say that he really wanted to see her again when
  he got back and she agreed quickly. Eventually Stephanie fell asleep and Tammy
  put her to bed. She then met Ted in the bedroom. He was already in bed waiting
  for her. They made love twice and then he said he had better go. She asked
  if he would like to spend the night. She knew his flight was late morning,
  but he was not going into the office. He agreed saying he could do his packing
  in the morning.  
With that she snuggled up to him and soon they were making love again. When
  morning came Tammy woke up early so she and Ted would have a little time before
  she had to get Stephanie ready. She woke him up by kissing and nibbling on
  his cock. He woke up, went to the bathroom to relieve himself and quickly back
  to bed to make love to Tammy once again before he left.  
When they were finished making love, both having cum, she asked if she could
  fix him a quick breakfast. He told her just a cup of coffee would be fine.
  He started the coffee and came back to the bedroom to find him getting dressed.
  She gave him a quick kiss and disappeared back into the kitchen to get his
  coffee. Soon she brought it back to him and he watched her for a few minutes.
  She asked him what she should wear. He told her what she had on was fine. She
  laughed, but told him she didn't think would go over well. They picked out
  a dress and then she asked him if she should wear panties or not. "Not!" he
  replied in and excited voice, "And no bra either," "As you wish," she replied.  
Finally she had to tell him goodbye and get Stephanie ready. She walked him
  to the door and kissed him goodbye. He told her he would see her in a little
  over a week, but would talk to her during the week. With that he left and Tammy
  began her regular routine. She got Stephanie ready and got dressed. She then
  took Stephanie to daycare and herself to work. She was aglow again at work
  and Becky and few others noticed. She just told them she had had a good evening.  
After work Tammy swung by the daycare and got Stephanie, then home. She fed
  Stephanie and then laid out some clothes for her evening out. She was not sure
  where she was going; only that she had an urge to go out and get a little wild.
  She decided to do a little shopping before she got too far into the evening.
  All of her outfits were so conservative.  
Brenda arrived and Tammy told her she was not sure her schedule out, but
  she would be home by midnight. Brenda told her to take her time and have fun.
  With that she kissed Stephanie goodbye and headed to the mall. On her way to
  the mall she noticed a place that sold more risky, wilder fashions and decided
  to pull in there and see what they had. When she walked in she was amazed at
  what was there. There were clothes all the way from school uniforms to bondage
  stuff. He pussy got wet almost immediately. As she walked around looking she
  picked out a few in between outfits. Most were either short dresses or skirt
  blouse combos. She also picked out a halter that was very low cut and would
  show off al but her nipples. She could not believe she was getting these, but
  it did turn her on. She went to one of the sales ladies and asked if she could
  try them on. The girl directed her to and area with a curtain and told her
  if she needed anything, let her know. Tammy trued on the outfits and had to
  come out from behind the curtain each time to look at herself in the mirror.
  The girl was back there telling her how hot she looked in each.  
One time when Tammy came out to look at the outfit, the girl went over to
  her and helped to adjust the straps on the halter she brushed up against Tammy's
  left breast. She then kind of waited for a reaction. Tammy did not pull back
  or away, so the girl slipped her hand inside the vee and acted as she were
  straightening it. He fingers brushed up against Tammy's nipple and once again
  Tammy allowed the caress. The girl took that as an opportunity to come on to
  Tammy and reached under the short skirt she had on and said you still have
  a little room under here if you want a shorter skirt. It would really show
  off that great ass of yours.  
"Whatever you think," Tammy said and asked the girl if she could find one. "I
  will get out of this on while you get another. Tammy stepped back behind the
  curtain as the sales girl went and grabbed a shorter skirt in her size. When
  she returned the sales girl tried to hand it in through the curtain, but Tammy
  asked if she could bring it in. With a, "Sure," the girl pulled back the curtain
  to see Tammy standing there naked. The girl entered the booth and closed the
  curtain behind her. Tammy jokingly asked if she could get a discount if she
  ate her. The girl quickly responded with a big, "Yes!" Tammy dropped to her
  knees and patted the little bench in the booth. The salesgirl slide off her
  pants and panties and sat down with legs spread.  
Tammy dove right in and soon the girl was having an orgasm like never before.
  When Tammy finished she told the girl thanks. She could not believe she had
  done that. She had never been with a woman before (to her knowledge), but enjoyed
  it. She told the girl she had to go, but maybe they could get together another
  time. The girl agreed, knowing she had been off the sales floor too long already.
  Tammy told her she wanted to wear one of the outfits tonight, could she cut
  off the tags. The girl left and came back with scissors. She cut the tags off
  a short black dress. It had a deep vee and slits on the sides. She then rang
  up Tammy giving her a twenty-five percent discount.  
Tammy left the store knowing that she needed high heels to make the outfit
  complete. She went to a shoe store near the mall, but not connected to it.
  She did not think about the view the salesman would get, until it was too late.
  His face made her realize that he had just gotten an excellent view of her
  shaved pussy. She tried to act as if nothing were happening and tried on the
  heels he brought out. As she walked in them, it lifted the hem of her dress
  even higher almost exposing her ass. She felt like a slut wearing this outfit,
  but it was Friday, she was free and she wanted to be like this. With that thought
  in mind she headed for a nightclub she had heard about.  
When she arrived at the nightclub, it was busy outside. As she walked up
  to the door she instantly got the attention of the doorman. He escorted her
  directly in; even though there was a line still outside. Wow, she thought to
  herself, I must look hot. As soon as she was in the door had the attention
  of a lot of people, both men and women. She was shown a table near the bar
  and she ordered a drink. When the drink was brought to her she was told it
  had already been paid for by a gentleman at the bar. After a few men came over
  to ask her if she wanted to dance; and she had turned them down, for now; she
  finished her drink as she just looked around. When she turned back to her drink
  she saw a man standing at her table. When he had caught her eye, he said, "Hello
  Slave." Suddenly she was transformed back into the slave she had become. "Hello
  Master," she replied. He told her he wanted her to find the first man that
  had asked her to dance and tell him she was ready. After the first dance she
  was to tell him Thanks and offer him a blowjob in the men's room as a proper
  thank you. Once she had served him she was to do the same with the second man.  
Tammy got up and located the man, saying that she was ready to dance if he
  was still interested. He was and they went over to the dance floor. As Tammy
  danced her dress would move in such a way that you could see her as or once
  even her breast nearly came out. After the dance she leaned over and whispered
  to the man, "Thank you for the dance. May I give you a blowjob in the men's
  room to show my proper thanks." Of course he agreed and they made their way
  to the men's room. He popped his head in and gave the all clear. She followed
  him in and they went into a stall. There she sat on the toilet and he stood
  in front of her, dropped his pants, and received a great blowjob. After relieving
  the first man of his load, she found the second and did the same. She then
  returned to the table where Master sat.  
He had moved to another table where she had to sit on a stool; thus showing
  off her shaved cunt, if she turned a certain way. He told her he had arranged
  an opportunity for her to show off how much of a slut she was. "In this club,
  there is a private section," he told her, "You are going to be the entertainment
  for the evening." He led her to a back room. It was filled with men and a few
  barmaids, who were dressed much more risky than those in the regular section.
  As soon as the door was closed, Tammy was told to remove her dress. She would
  be wearing only her garter, stockings, and heels. She quickly slipped off the
  dress. As she did she certainly caught the eye of most of the men. "Now go
  tell them that you are there to entertain them; in whatever manner they desire," Master
  told her. She walked to the center of the room and announced that she was there
  to entertain them in whatever manner they desired. She was there to serve them.  
With that announcement, request came out. Some wanted blowjobs, some wanted
  to fuck her. The bartender decided to organize this and put numbers in a bowl.
  The men would draw numbers and in the order they selected she would do as they
  wished.  
The man who picked number one wanted her to sit on his lap and fuck him silly.
  She walked over to him; he eased down his pants and sat down. She climbed on
  top and began to ride his cock. He came within minutes and a man called out, "I'm
  number two." She asked him how she could serve him and he told her a bj would
  be just fine. She dropped to her knees and asked him to give her the please
  of sucking his cock. He whipped it out and she was off to the races. Soon he
  came and she swallowed every drop to the cheer of the patrons.  
One by one she served the men. When she had done nearly fifteen of them,
  Master asked what time she needed to be home. She told him midnight. "Boys," he
  said, "We had better double up. This little girl turns into a pumpkin at midnight
  and I sure don't want to fuck a pumpkin." After that she took two at a time;
  one in her cunt and one in her mouth. At about 11:30 she was told to hurry,
  she was running out of time. She finished off the last two at 11:45. Master
  told her she did not have time to get cleaned up and still make it home in
  time. He told her he had put her clothes in the car to expedite things. He
  went with her to her car and she tried to get dressed as she drove home; cunt
  full of cum and oozing out onto her seat. He told her that when she arrived
  home she was to apologize to the baby sitter for being late and beg to be punished
  by her. He told her that if the baby sitter did not punish her, he would.  
When Tammy arrived home, she tried to straighten her dress and wipe more
  of the cum off of her legs and between them. She went into the house and told
  Brenda she was REALLY sorry. Brenda told her it was no big deal. Brenda also
  noticed that Tammy was looking well used. That is when Tammy started to ask
  to be punished by Brenda for being late. Brenda was really thrown back by this.
  Tammy continued, slowly at first, hoping Brenda would buy into it; but she
  didn't. She finally got to the point where she was actually begging Brenda
  to punish her. She eventually told her that if she didn't, her Master would
  and it would be worse.  
This intrigued Brenda! She asked Tammy to explain further about her Master.
  Tammy told her she was a slave and that she obeyed her Master without question.
  Brenda asked her what kinds of things the Master required of her. Basically,
  without going into too much detail, she told her that it was whatever he wanted
  at the time. She was also given to others to serve them.  
Brenda was starting to get excited at this conversation. She had never considered
  anything like this before, but it did have her getting wet. After lots of questioning
  from Brenda and begging from Tammy they came to an arrangement. Brenda would
  punish Tammy, if in turn Tammy would obey her for the evening.  
Brenda called home and told them that Tammy asked if she could stay later.
  She would spend the night at Tammy's rather than drive home late. While Brenda
  was making that call, Tammy had been instructed to go get a shower and clean
  up.  
Brenda finished her call and was waiting for Tammy as she exited the shower.
  She liked the idea of controlling an adult. She was 17 going on 30. She wanted
  to be in charge and now was her chance. She had Tammy at her complete control
  and she was loving it.  
At first she had Tammy go and fix her something to eat. She had Tammy bring
  it to her in the living room and just basically be at her beckoned call. Go
  get this and go get that. No big deal, except Tammy was completely naked and
  Brenda was getting hot at watching her.  
After a little bit of this Brenda questioned Tammy, "You will do whatever
  I say, right?" "Yes maam," came Tammy's answer. Brenda was going to find out
  real quick. "Get on your knees and crawl over to me," Brenda ordered. Tammy
  dropped to her knees and crawled over to her. Brenda stood and asked her, "If
  I tell you to eat me, would you?" "Yes maam," replied Tammy. Brenda then removed
  her jeans and panties, sat back down, spread her legs, and gave the command; "Eat
  me!" Tammy did! Brenda had never been with a woman before, and very few men,
  but when Tammy started she went ballistic. Within minutes she had been brought
  to orgasm. As she started to come down from the first one, she realized that
  Tammy was still at work on her pussy. Soon she was hit by a second and then
  third orgasm. Tammy continued until she was told to stop. Brenda had cum five
  times and had covered Tammy's face with her juices.  
She told Tammy to go and get her something to drink, while she relaxed. While
  Tammy was gone, she removed her blouse and bra. When Tammy returned Brenda
  was completely naked. She told Tammy to kiss her nipples and play with her
  breast as she downed the soda Tammy had brought. Soon she was ready again for
  Tammy to satisfy her. Tammy ate Brenda on and off until Brenda had cum at least
  fifteen times. Tammy was soaking wet, but had been able to relieve her desire
  to cum.  
About three in the morning, Brenda was lying in bed with Tammy standing next
  to her, hands behind her back; the phone rang. Brenda answered the phone as
  Brenda was not supposed to be home yet. The voice she heard was that of Master.
  He said he hoped she was having fun with his slave and then explained that
  she was under a hypnotic trance. He told her that if she was careful in using
  it, and would cancel the trace when needed, he would give her the keys words.
  Brenda quickly agreed; loving the control over Tammy. Master gave her the command
  and release words and told Brenda to make sure Tammy was cleaned up before
  she released her. That way Tammy would have no idea what was happening. Brenda
  loved the idea of being a part of this; a 17 year old controlling a 28 year
  old.  
Since it was Friday night, actually Saturday morning now she could play with
  Tammy for a while longer. She asked Tammy what time Stephanie would be getting
  up and Tammy told her about 6 on Saturdays. Good she thought; that gave her
  almost three hours to play. She remembered that Tammy had begged to be punished,
  so she decided to do it. She told Tammy to get the widest belt she had and
  bring it to her. She then had Tammy bend over while she whipped her ass. Tammy
  took it as a true slave should. Brenda then thought about what else she could
  do. A mean streak came out in her as she asked Tammy if she would like her
  breast whipped. Tammy answered, "Yes, if it would please you Maam." Brenda
  almost came again. She had Tammy stand with her hands behind her back. She
  then began to whip Tammy's outstretched breast. She did not whip hard, but
  knew that it had to hurt.  
About four o'clock she heard the paper man drive by and throw the paper.
  She told Tammy to go get the paper. Tammy when to the closet to get her robe,
  but Brenda stopped her saying, "No, bitch; like a dog; naked and on your hands
  and knees. Tammy got down on her hands and knees and Brenda opened the front
  door. Tammy crawled to get the paper without hesitation. Brenda could not believe
  it. Tammy WOULD do whatever she was told. Soon the paper was returned held
  tightly by Tammy's teeth. Brenda took the paper, sat down on the couch and
  ordered Tammy to eat her again. Tammy crawled between her legs and began to
  eat away at her pussy.  
After having cum twice Brenda decided to let Tammy have some pleasure. She
  asked her if she had any toys. Upon learning of the vibrator she ordered Tammy
  to go get it. Tammy did and was then ordered to lie on the floor and use it
  on herself. It took only seconds for Tammy's cunt to erupt with a wild orgasm.
  She had been close to the edge for hours.  
Brenda was exhausted and she knew Tammy must be too. She decided to let Tammy
  get cleaned up and then release her; for a while anyway. She first showered
  herself and as she dried off she told Tammy to get cleaned up. By the time
  Tammy was done, Brenda was dressed and ready to leave. When Tammy emerged from
  the bathroom she was told to put on her robe and escort Brenda to the door.
  Brenda grabbed Tammy's purse on the way and handed it to Tammy telling her
  that the babysitting fee was $60 dollars. Tammy pulled out the money; and as
  she did Brenda uttered the release words breaking the hold on Tammy the slave.
  Tammy thought for a minute, but Brenda told her that staying late was not bad,
  anytime she needed her to, was fine and hoped she had had a good time. With
  that she walked out, leaving Tammy to try and figure out what had happened.
  But Tammy was too tired to try and figure it out now and headed off to bed.  
Tammy was happy that Stephanie let her get a few extra hours sleep. She was
  dragged out of bed by the crying of her daughter, wanting to be changed and
  fed. Tammy went to her room, changed her and cuddled her to her breast for
  Stephanie to get breakfast. Stephanie suckled for about fifteen minutes as
  Tammy sat in the chair, half asleep. She could not remember much of the night
  before; she must have drunken too much. She busied herself with cleaning and
  laundry, until mid morning. She then decided she needed to go to the store
  for food. She slipped on a sun dress and sandals, with nothing underneath.
  She liked the feel of nothing, or as close as she could get to it.  
In the store she did her regular shopping, but to the stares of many men.
  When she went to the frozen food section, her nipples were rock hard from the
  cold and were clearly visible through the dress. Their stares turned her on
  and she decided to tease them a little. She dropped an apple and bent way over
  to get it, showing the two men behind her a good view of her ass and the two
  men in front of her a peek at her breast.  
After shopping she went to her car followed by the bag boy. She decided to
  give him a little show too. She bent way over when she put Stephanie in the
  car, giving him a perfect view. She then sat in the car, hiked up the hem of
  her dress and motioned him over to get a tip. Besides the money he, got a great
  view of her shaved pussy. Tammy went home with her pussy wet and her horny.  
As she drove home, she masturbated and came twice. The last time she almost
  ran off the road with her orgasm. She decided to wait until she got home. As
  soon as she got home and the groceries were put away, Tammy put Stephanie down
  for a nap and went to get her vibrator. Grabbing it and quickly stripping,
  she went to work on her pussy.  
She did not know why, but her sexual appetite was insatiable. She was horny
  almost all the time. Her orgasms were intense and she LOVED it. She dressed
  sluty and was now even teasing men, when she got the chance. She used the vib
  on herself until she had cum twice more. Juices were dripping from her pussy,
  so she decided to get a quick shower.  
Tammy fixed something for her to eat while Stephanie was still asleep. As
  she rummaged through the refrigerator she noticed a large cucumber. It reminded
  her of a large cock and was soon filling her pussy. She left it in as she finished
  fixing a sandwich. As she ate she fucked herself with the large cucumber. She
  was nearly ready to climax again when Stephanie woke up and stared to cry.
  She pulled out the cucumber, cleaned it off and put it back in the refrigerator
  for later.  
As she took care of Stephanie, she forgot about her horniness. She fed her
  and played with her most of the afternoon. As it neared dinnertime she started
  thinking about what she would fix. She put Stephanie down in her playpen and
  went to the refrigerator to see what she had. There looming big and inviting
  was the cucumber. It got her going and then she thought of something. She would
  order a pizza and tip whoever delivered it with whatever they wanted; hopefully
  a good fucking.  
She ordered the pizza and they said it would be there in about half an hour.
  When the doorbell rang she called out to bring it in and set it on the table,
  she would be right out. And out she came, naked and ready. She grabbed her
  purse to pay the young man that had brought it in. She pulled out the money
  as she watched him staring at her.  
"Now for a tip," she said, "You may have anything sexual you desire." His
  eyes popped open even wider; if that were possible. "Are you shitting me?" he
  asked. "Not at all," she answered, "I am yours." "I want to fuck you then," he
  said. She quickly led him to the bedroom and laid on the bed, legs spread and
  inviting. He quickly stripped and was in her in no time. He fucked her hard
  and fast and came within a few minutes. The pizza place was known for its quick
  delivery. He got up, dressed, thanked her, and left. She walked him to the
  door thanking him for great delivery service.  
Tammy cleaned up, grabbed Stephanie, picked up the pizza and went to the
  couch to watch some TV. At about six the doorbell rang. Tammy got up to answer
  it. As she reached the door she slipped on her robe. When she looked out she
  saw Brenda standing there. She opened the door inviting her in. As Brenda walked
  in she uttered the phrase that turned Tammy into a slave again. Within a second
  Tammy was transformed back into a slave for Brenda to use. It was still hard
  for Brenda to comprehend, but she was going to use it.  
Brenda grabbed the hem of the robe and said, "What's this doing on?" Tammy
  said sorry and quickly removed the robe; now standing naked before Tammy. Brenda
  went over to Stephanie, ignoring Tammy, and picked her up to play with her.
  Almost as a secondary comment, she commanded Tammy to crawl over to where they
  were.  
Tammy did as ordered and Brenda put Stephanie on Tammy's back. She held her
  as she had Tammy give Stephanie a ride around the room. "I think Stephanie
  needs some reins, like a real rider would have. Go get me two clothespins and
  some string," Brenda ordered Tammy. Soon Tammy returned with the required items,
  and handed them to Brenda. She told Tammy to stand tall with her hands behind
  her back. She then clamped a clothespin on each nipple. After attaching them,
  she tied the string to them and put it behind Tammy's head. The pain was bad,
  but Tammy just stood there taking it. Brenda then had Tammy get down on her
  hands and knees again. She put Stephanie on Tammy's back, but this time handed
  her the reins. Each time Stephanie pulled on the string Tammy's nipples were
  pulled hard. This hurt even more, but still Tammy did not cry out. Stephanie
  rode around for a while, until she grew tired of it.  
It was then Brenda's turn. She rode on Tammy, sort of, pulling the reins
  to get her to change direction and stop. After a while it was time for Stephanie
  to go to bed. Brenda allowed Tammy to get her ready and put her down for the
  night. She had orders that once Stephanie was down, she was to come crawling
  to Brenda.  
When she crawled into the room, Brenda was naked and sitting on the couch.
  She commanded Tammy to eat her; which Tammy did. Brenda had two orgasms as
  Tammy ate her. Also, as Tammy ate her Brenda pulled on the string attached
  to Tammy's nipples. When Brenda came the second time, she pulled on the string
  so hard that one of the clothespins came off, causing Tammy great pain. She
  decided to lead Tammy around by the other clothespin, but blindfolding her
  first. That way she would not see direction change or starts. When she tired
  of the game, she just yanked off the clothespins, causing Tammy to scream out
  in pain.  
She decided to send Tammy out to the local drive thru to get some burgers.
  She went to Tammy's room and found a t-shirt that she could use. She took a
  pair of scissors from the kitchen drawer and cut a deep vee in the front of
  the shirt. The vee went from the shoulders to the hem of the shirt, showing
  off almost the entire front. She handed Tammy the t-shirt and told her to put
  it on. It did not go below her waist, so it showed off her ass and cunt and
  the deep vee showed off her breast; even the nipples if she moved wrong. Brenda
  handed Tammy ten dollars, a list of what to get, the keys to her car, and sent
  her on her way. Tammy would surely be seen by the cashier at the burger place;
  she was very exposed.  
Chapter 6  
Tammy drove to the burger place Brenda had ordered. It was well lit. She
  was not sure if that was good or bad. She was not sure if she could be seen
  better or worse with all the lights. She ordered at the first station and was
  told to drive forward to pay. She had not been there before and did not realize
  that there were three stations; one to order, one to pay, and one to pick up
  food. She would be seen twice. She tried to position herself the best she could
  so as not to be seen too much, but she realized that she had not covered up
  much; by the look on the cashier's face. She realized that her shaved cunt
  was fully visible. If she moved to cover it up, her breast would come out.
  Even as she reached to hand the young man the money she exposed her right breast
  as it came out of the cut t-shirt. She quickly sat back up straight, but had
  to bend back over to get the change. When she reached the pick up window she
  realized that word had spread. There were several guys there to get a glimpse
  of her. She decided to just act like nothing was wrong and carry on with her
  orders.  
When she arrived home she tried to open the garage door, but it would not
  work. She was forced to exit the car and walk to the front door. Good thing
  it was dark out. Unfortunately, she forgot that she had security lights that
  came on by sensor. The lights flooded the front showing her very exposed body.
  She quickly made her way to the door and opened it. She ran in and quickly
  closed the door, hoping she had not been seen.  
"Come here cunt," were the words that greeted her. She went over to Brenda
  and handed her the food. Brenda reached up and felt Tammy's cunt; it was wet. "You
  didn't cum, did you?" she asked, and Tammy replied with a no. She had realized
  how wet she was; she had been excited by the exposure; what a slut she was.  
Brenda then commented that if she got so wet showing herself off, maybe she
  should do it more, or show more off. Maybe she should send her back for another
  burger, but naked this time. Tammy winced at that idea, but said nothing. Instead
  Brenda had Tammy eat her as she sat on the couch, eating her burger. When she
  had cum, she told Tammy to go get her vibrator. When Tammy returned with it
  Brenda had Tammy stand with her hands behind her back and legs spread. She
  then shoved the vibrator into Tammy's wet cunt, turned it on and told Tammy
  to not let it drop.  
After a few minutes of this Tammy could hold it in no longer. She was so
  wet it slide right out of her cunt. Brenda slapped her across the breast and
  told her she needed to do better or else she would be severely punished. Brenda
  crammed it back in Tammy and she held onto it for dear life. Eventually the
  batteries wore down and the feelings subsided, making it easier to hold in
  place. Brenda noticed the humming had decreased and checked the vibration,
  which had just about stopped. She asked Tammy for some more batteries. Tammy
  told her she did not have any others. "Not good," said Brenda, "but I have
  an idea."  
I think you need to go to the store and get some more, but the question is;
  how and where," said Brenda. She thought for a minute, grabbed the phone book
  and looked up something; all while Tammy stood there naked with the vib still
  in her cunt. Brenda found what she was looking for and jotted down a few things
  on a piece of paper. She then went to Tammy's room and started looking through
  her closet. After a few minutes of searching and then some alteration she brought
  out what Tammy would wear. She explained to Tammy that since she had worn down
  the batteries she need to get more, and since she was going to be out she might
  as well get a few other things. She handed Tammy the dress she had picked out
  and told her to put it on. Tammy did and noticed that many of the buttons had
  been removed. It was a light blue dress with buttons all the way up the front.
  All but one button had been removed. The one button wound up about half way
  between Tammy's waist and cunt. If she moved wrong you could see, pretty much
  whatever you wanted to. "Perfect," said Brenda, "Now you will go to the store
  I have written on the paper and get what I have written on the paper. Now hurry
  back my little slut."  
Tammy took the piece of paper and glanced at it, it had the name of an Adult
  Book and Novelty store on it and the list included two dildos (each at least
  12 inches long and one must be black), two vibs (one an egg type), batteries,
  a ball gag, crop, clamps, cuffs, a slave collar, leash, and a butt plug. Tammy
  reached for her purse and keys to the car, but Brenda stopped her. "Keys only," Brenda
  said. "How can I pay for this stuff then?" Tammy asked. "Maybe a trade," said
  Brenda, "your dressed the part." Tammy took the keys and headed to her car.
  When she sat down; her dress opened wide. She was exposed at top and bottom.
  Luckily it was already dark, but she knew there would come a time she would
  be seen. Tammy went to the store that Brenda had written down. She got out
  and walked in, trying not to let her dress open up too much. She gathered the
  needed items and then waited until there was no one else at the counter before
  setting the stuff down.  
The cashier, a big man with tattoos covering most of both arms, stared at
  Tammy, and then started to ring up the items. She leaned over a little bit
  so she would not have to talk very loud and told him that she did not have
  any money; her Mistress had sent her for the items and was there any way she
  could them. He looked down the front of her dress, which had opened when she
  leaned over, and said sure if she was willing to trade. She agreed to the trade,
  not even hearing it. He knew he had her then, she was desperate. First he told
  her he needed a blow job. He told her to come around to his side of the counter,
  which she did. He then told her she had to be naked when giving a bj; that
  was his rule. She looked around and saw a few people looking their way. She
  asked if they could go to a back room or something. He told her that was not
  an option; he wanted her naked and behind the counter, sucking his cock or
  no deal; and for wasting his time that would be just the first of a few request.  
Tammy moved to behind the counter, dropped to her knees and unbuttoned the
  one and only button still on her dress. She slipped it off and waited for the
  cashier's cock to appear. Not seeing it immediately, she looked up to see a
  customer being rung up. The man was looking directly at her naked body kneeling
  on the floor. "Nice fringe benefits," he said to the cashier. The cashier smiled
  and told him that for the next hour he was running a blue light special; customers
  could get a free blow job with every purchase. Both Tammy and the man looked
  at him with surprised looks. "All Right!" said the man, "Where do I go?" The
  end of the counter was pointed to be the cashier and he then told Tammy to
  crawl down there and take care of the nice gentleman.  
Tammy obeyed and crawled to the end of the counter. The man met her there
  with cock in hand and quickly shoved it in her mouth. In less than three minutes
  she was swallowing his hot cum. She sucked him clean and he left a very happy
  man. By the time he left four others were waiting in line. She sucked each
  cock that was presented to her. By the time she got back to the cashier, she
  must have sucked off twelve or thirteen men. The cashier decided he wanted
  to fuck her instead. He had her bend over the counter and then slid his cock
  deep into her cunt. Another customer came in and watched her getting fucked.
  After the cashier came in Tammy, he pulled out and asked the customer, who
  was standing there in shock, if he could help him. "I'll have some of that," the
  man said.  
The cashier told the man that with every fifty dollar purchase he would get
  a free blowjob or for a hundred dollar purchase he could fuck her. Tonight
  only! The man grabbed three videos and paid the one hundred fifteen dollars,
  this getting the opportunity of fucking Tammy. The cashier asked him where
  he wanted her and the man told him the restroom. Tammy was required to follow
  the man to the restroom, naked and dripping. The man fucked her quickly adding
  his cum to the cashiers. Tammy cleaned up a little before coming back out into
  the store. She hoped that no one else had come in and was pleasantly surprised.
  The cashier had a bag on the counter with her stuff. He told her that her dress
  was in the bag, also; but she could not put it on until she got to her car.  
As soon as Tammy reached her car, she put on her dress; noticing that the
  one remaining button was now gone. If she did not move much, it covered her
  okay. She hurried home to Mistress Brenda. As she once again tried the garage
  door, it did not open. She went to the front door, being careful not to have
  her dress open up. There she saw a note from Brenda. It read, "Remove your
  dress, take the big black dildo out of the bag, and insert it into your cunt.
  Kneel down at the front door and fuck yourself, until I come let you in."  
Tammy could not believe the note; she had to do this right in her own neighborhood;
  she knew though that she had no choice. She prayed that now one was out or
  even awake at this hour. She removed her dress and pulled out the big black
  dildo. She eased it into her cunt, which was still wet from the earlier activities.
  She then knelled down under the front door light and began to fuck herself.  
Soon, as her first orgasm approached, she forgot where she was. She was lost
  in the moment; until the door opened. This surprised her and she fell back.
  Brenda laughed at the site of her naked slave lying on her back on the front
  stoop with a huge black dildo hanging out of her cunt. She ordered Tammy in
  and told her to get out all of the other things. Brenda examined the things
  and decided to go ahead and use some of them on Tammy. She put the nipple clamps
  on Tammy's hard nipples and then cuffed Tammy's hands behind her back. She
  pulled the dildo out of Tammy's cunt and shoved it into Tammy's mouth. She
  then dropped a couple of brand new batteries into a vibrator and shoved it
  into Tammy's soaking wet cunt. She then ordered Tammy to straddle an ottoman
  so that her legs were somewhat apart. She turned on the vib and told Tammy
  if it dropped out of her cunt, she would have to be punished.  
Well, as wet as Tammy already was and with her legs spread some, she was
  not able to hold it in when she reached her first orgasm. Brenda told her that
  she would have to be punished now. She lubed up the butt plug and shoved it
  in Tammy's ass; filling it. She then took Tammy out to the front yard, shoved
  the vibrator back into her cunt and told her to stand there until she came
  back for her. There Tammy was, naked, cuffed, plugged and trying not to loose
  the vib in her cunt; all in the middle of her front yard. She held her legs
  together through several orgasms. She was in a euphoric state when Brenda finally
  came out to get her.  
As soon as they were in Tammy was required to eat Brenda. As she did she
  came twice from the vib in her dripping wet cunt. When Brenda had been satisfied
  by Tammy's tongue, she told Tammy she would like some hamburgers from Krystal.
  She loved how they stayed open 24 hours. She told Tammy she would be very nice
  to her, even though she did not deserve it; she would actually give her money,
  so she would not have to trade for the burgers. "But, how should we dress the
  little slut," Brenda added in laughingly. She decided that Tammy should go
  naked, besides, it was three in the morning; no one but the cashier would see
  her. She also decided to leave the nipple clamps on and the plug in.  
Tammy walked out to her car, quickly, and headed towards the uncertain. There
  she was, completely naked, plugged and clamped. She dare not remove either
  for fear she may be seen by someone who knows Brenda. With that thought came
  another. What if Brenda brought over some of her friends? She could be a slave
  for a group of Brenda's. Unfortunately Brenda had all ready considered that
  and plans were in the works, but not this weekend.  
Tammy drove up to the hamburger place and ordered without incident. It was
  dark and only when she was at stop light could she be seen. There were hardly
  any cars on the road this time of night. She knew it would be when she pulled
  up to pay and get her food that she would be seen, completely visible! She
  hesitated as long as she could and when she did pull up the cashier's eyes
  nearly popped out of his head. "Way cool!" he responded as she handed him the
  money. He just stared at her as he handed her the bag of food. She quickly
  drove off wondering if the guy would ever believe what had just happened.  
She returned home, half knowing she would have to use the front door. She
  tried the garage door opener anyway and as suspected, it did not. She went
  to the front door, in full view of any neighbors that may have been out. As
  she brought in the burgers she was told to kneel and give them to her Mistress.
  She did and Brenda sat on the edge of a chair, commanded Tammy to eat her and
  dug into the bag. Being eaten while eating; it doesn't get much better than
  this; she thought to herself.  
Brenda came twice before deciding to call it a night. She told Tammy she
  could sleep with her, if she was really good. She sent Tammy to remove her
  toys and get a shower, and then allowed her to come to bed; in her own bed.
  Brenda also left strict instructions that she was to be wakened at 7:00 and
  breakfast was to be ready. Tammy was to be naked, of course, and would wait
  on her as a good slave should.  
Tammy got up at six (only two hours sleep) and started breakfast, then got
  a quick shower. When she returned to the kitchen, she finished breakfast and
  then went to wake Brenda. She hoped that Stephanie would sleep late. She woke
  Brenda and was instructed to bring her breakfast in bed. After Brenda had eaten
  some of her breakfast, she asked where the paper was. Tammy had not been told
  to get it, so she hadn't. Brenda told Tammy to put on the slave collar and
  go get the paper. It was just starting to get light out, and she might be seen
  by one of her neighbors, but she had no choice.  
She ran quickly, grabbed the paper and ran back in. She delivered the paper
  to Brenda, as ordered. Brenda had finished breakfast and so Tammy was required
  to remove the tray. Brenda also told her that Stephanie was starting to stir
  and should be gotten up. She told Tammy to meet her in the living room and
  bring Stephanie.  
Tammy brought Stephanie out all changed and dressed. She then proceeded to
  feed Stephanie by sitting on the floor at Brenda's feet with her daughter in
  her lap. Brenda played with Tammy's hair as someone would pet a dog. She decided
  that she should go soon, before her parents start to wonder.  
After Tammy had finished feeding Stephanie's, she was instructed to gather
  up all of her new toys and the dress that had be freed of its buttons and put
  them in a box. Once she had done that she was instructed to put the box in
  the garage in a safe place. When Brenda had returned Tammy's place back to
  normal she told Tammy to pay her and then go get a shower. When Tammy got out
  of the shower, Brenda uttered the release words and left for home; with Tammy
  none the wiser about what was happening to her.  
Tammy and Stephanie played some that morning and then she decided to take
  Stephanie to the park. She put on shorts and a t-shirt with socks and sneakers;
  nothing else, and headed to the park down the street.  
Tammy had a great morning at the park with Stephanie. She was tired, but
  loved spending time with her daughter. On occasion she would feel a breeze
  in her shorts as air blew up an opening in her legs. The shorts were not tight
  and when she stood she could feel the air on her bald cunt. Sometimes when
  she sat, her cunt was partially exposed. No one said anything, probably no
  one noticed; but Tammy, at times, felt excited by the wind's attention on her
  cunt.  
Most of the rest of the day was normal, as normal was these days. She cleaned
  the house. She played with Stephanie and watched TV. Bedtime came early. Tammy
  put Stephanie to bed at about 8, showered, masturbated, and turned in herself.  
This was her first good nights sleep in several days. She was well rested
  when she woke up Monday morning. She surprised herself when she went out to
  get the paper, without putting anything on. It took her by surprise when she
  felt the cool morning air on her naked body. Rather than go back in and put
  something on, she decided to go for it. She ran quickly to the paper, grabbed
  it and ran back in.  
After a quick read of the paper and getting Stephanie ready for Day Care;
  Tammy started getting dressed. She picked a short skirt and button up blouse.
  The blouse was a tan color and she was not sure if her nipples would show under
  it, if she wore no bra. She had not had a bra on for days and decided to try
  not wearing one today. Soon she was dressed and headed for the daycare to drop
  off Stephanie.  
After dropping off Stephanie, she headed for work. As she did she thought
  about Ted. Problem was; he would not be back until Wednesday evening. She loved
  being with him. Her life had really changed since her vacation, although she
  did not know the real reason why. When she arrived at work she grabbed a cup
  of coffee, chatted with a few people and got to work. The morning seemed pretty
  uneventful as she sat at her desk. Sometimes others would stop and talk to
  her, but she did not notice that the guys were checking out her rock hard nipples.
  The lack of a bra and the cool office had caused her nipples to stand at attention.  
Ted called and talked with Tammy for a little bit. He had asked someone a
  question he knew that only she would know, thus transferring him to her; for
  business reasons. He did not know if anyone should know about him and Tammy
  yet, so he wanted to make sure it was discrete. Until he had her on the phone;
  then it got personal. He told her he missed her. He told her he couldn't wait
  to see her again. He asked if she was wearing panties, a bra, and if she thought
  of him. She too, tried to make it sound professional, but all along she was
  getting wet thinking about him. He asked her if she could come and pick him
  up from the airport on Wednesday; she told him that could probably be arranged.  
The rest of her day was without event. When Tammy had gotten home, she called
  Brenda to see if she could watch Stephanie for a few hours on Wednesday. Brenda
  said she would be able to. Brenda thought about giving Tammy the trigger word
  over the phone and having a little fun, but since she had so much to do, she
  decided to leave it alone; until she could really play.  
Chapter 7  
Wednesday came and when Tammy arrived home from work and picking up Stephanie,
  she started to get ready for her meeting with Ted. She fed Stephanie, while
  naked; and somewhat wet, too. She put her daughter down in the playpen and
  grabbed a quick shower. When she got out she decided to put on a short black
  skirt and white blouse. She was sure her nipples showed through the blouse,
  if you looked closely, but she was okay with that. She had not yet dressed
  when the doorbell rang.  
Brenda had arrived a little earlier than requested, but Tammy let her in
  and said she was sorry if she had said 6:00 instead of 7:00. Brenda said, "No
  problem," and then gave the tiger words, "Hello Slave." Tammy suddenly became
  Tammy, the slave. Brenda told her to drop the robe she had put on to answer
  the door and drop down on her hands and knees. Tammy obeyed without hesitation.
  Brenda walked over to the couch, dropped her sweat pants, revealing that she
  had nothing on underneath. She settled in and told Tammy to crawl over to her
  and eat her.  
Tammy did as ordered and soon Brenda was having a wild orgasm. Once she had
  settled back down, she had Tammy clean her off and then put her sweat pants
  back on. She told Tammy to clean off her face and put her robe back on. When
  Tammy came back from the bathroom, before releasing Tammy, Brenda gave a suggestion
  for when she went to pick up Ted. She told her to wear only a coat, garter,
  stockings, and heels. She told her that when they got near the car, she was
  to take off her coat and beg Ted to let her blow him. Brenda then gave the
  release command and acted if she was just got there a little early.  
Tammy went back upstairs and continued to get ready, after a few minutes
  she came down, went to the hall closet and grabbed a coat, then went back upstairs.
  At a few minutes after 7:00 Tammy was ready to go. Brenda noticed that she
  was wearing the heels and coat, and had probably nothing else on except a garter
  and stockings.  
Tammy then drove to the airport; parked, and walked in as far as she could
  to wait on Ted. As she waited she felt the cool air on her cleanly shaved cunt.
  When she saw Ted she ran to hug him. Feeling like a school girl, she admired
  him and needed him. She had missed him so much. They kissed and hugged and
  then went to get his bags. As they neared her car, in the parking garage, she
  started to unbutton her coat and to his surprise, she flung it off and began
  to beg him to let her suck his cock.  
His cock sprang to life and he told her sure as soon as they got to the car.
  She ran to the car. Surprised he picked up her coat and followed her. As soon
  as he was in she was trying to unzip his pants. She got out his cock, now hard
  with excitement, and began to suck him hard and strong. He thought she sure
  did miss me. He took her coat and draped it over her head, in his lap, and
  as much of the rest of her he could cover.  
Soon he had cum and she swallowed every little drop. She thanked him saying
  she really needed that. She felt a little odd afterwards, but put on the coat,
  leaving it unbuttoned, if he wanted to play. As she drove Ted home, she chattered
  like a schoolgirl. When he touched her leg, she quickly spread them, providing
  easy access to her wet cunt. He eased a finger inside her cunt; she was soaking
  wet and making a puddle on the seat. She spread as far as she could and still
  drive. Ted played with her until she almost came, but she was having a hard
  time driving so he decided to back off.  
When they arrived at his apartment, he had her come up. Once he had closed
  the door he told her to loose the coat and come to bed. She quickly did as
  told and was soon getting fucked good.  
When Ted had cum, Tammy climbed off. She thanked him again and told him she
  needed to get back home; she had a baby sitter waiting. He told her thanks
  for everything and he would see her tomorrow. She put on her coat, kissed him
  at the door and was off.  
When Tammy arrived home, Brenda quickly put her under. She had Tammy put
  her coat away and crawl over to her on the couch. Brenda then pulled up her
  skirt, opened her legs and had Tammy service her. She came soon and Tammy was
  covered with Brenda's juices. Brenda had to get back home, but told Tammy to
  fuck herself with the vib until she had cum four times. She did not release
  Tammy, but decided to just call her in the morning. She hoped it would work
  over the phone.  
Tammy went to the bedroom, pulled out the vib and masturbated until she had
  cum four times. She then fell asleep. Slave Tammy was awakened by an early
  phone call. It was Brenda and she released Tammy. Tammy just thought she had
  feel asleep playing. She showered ad then woke Stephanie for the day.  
She dressed and fed Stephanie then put her in her crib, so she could get
  ready for work. She dressed in a short but nice dress; nothing underneath.
  She dropped Stephanie off at the daycare and headed to work. Most of the day
  was work as usual. Ted was busy catching up on things, so Tammy hardly saw
  him. He apologized, but he would not be able to see her until Saturday. They
  made a date to go out, with Stephanie. This floored Tammy, but she was so happy.
  Ted was really starting to be the one she thought she could be with.  
The next day was pretty much the same, little time for anything but work,
  but Tammy really looked forward to a day with both Ted and Stephanie. 
Chapter: 8  
Saturday morning Tammy was up bright and early, even though Ted would not
  be there until 9ish. She slipped on a robe, got the paper, fixed breakfast,
  and then started to get Stephanie ready for the day. The morning seemed to
  drag on forever, waiting for Ted. At about 8:30, she decided that she should
  get ready herself. As she went through her clothes she decided to do a nice
  sundress and sandals. It should cover her, but as the days had gone, by she
  felt very uncomfortable with a bra and panties. This was comfortable and Ted
  should like it, too.  
A little before nine the doorbell rang and Tammy found herself running to
  get it. She quickly ushered Ted in and gave him a huge hug and kiss. As they
  kissed Ted felt for a bra and panties, finding none he was very happy. Tammy
  then took him over to Stephanie and picked her up out of her playpen. When
  Ted reached out his arms to her she leaned to him to take her. Tammy was a
  little surprised, but very happy at seeing how Stephanie took to Ted. As Ted
  took Stephanie and then said to Tammy, "Hello Slave." Tammy immediately went
  into the role as slave. Tammy quickly undressed, as she knew a slave should
  not wear clothes inside the house.  
Ted told her to suck his cock and she dropped to her knees, undid his pants
  and began to suck him hard and fast. She did not seem to notice that he was
  holding her baby in his arms. After he had cum and she had swallowed every
  drop, he handed her a list and told her to call all the numbers on it and ask
  them to come over.  
Tammy did as ordered and soon people started to arrive. The men and woman
  that had kidnapped and trained her were the first to arrive, followed by the
  hypnotist. A few other men and eventually Brenda came. All of these people
  had been in on Tammy's training and use. As they talked, Tammy was required
  to masturbate as she ate each.  
The whole thing had been Ted's idea and the plan had worked beautifully.
  Every aspect of Tammy's life could be controlled at will. She would serve them
  well; and not even know it.  
The End  
Well, maybe 
Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





