BDSM Library - Dance Auditions




Dance Auditions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young Dance student submits to advances of school principal.
DANCE AUDITIONS; By Mellaniehewlitt@hotmail.com

Jennifer Garth signed in relief as she perfectly executed a pirouette and
finished the floor ensemble in arabesque position under the watchful eyes of her
instructor, Nicole Mettraux.. It was a hot and humid summer afternoon and the
pretty 22 year old high school dance major was glad to have finished her modern
dance class for the day.

Beads of sweat ran down her face and her grey leotard was soaked in
perspiration. She reached thankfully for the bottle of Evian mineral water in
her bag. However to her dismay, Madame Mettraux gestestured to her from the
grand piano as the last few students stumbled out of the dance studio.

Madame Mettraux smiled and said "I have some good news for you, Principal Duxton
has seen some of your rehearsals and has requested that I include you as a lead
dancer in this years performance of Romeo and Juliet. Of cause we are still
short listing potential candidates, but Principal Duxton has requested to have a
private discussion with you on your dance career, he will be along momentarily
and would also like you to show him your favourate ensemble"

Jennifer was filled with utter dismay by the news. In the few months she had
joined the dance academy, she had already heard of Principal Duxton's reputation
as a dirty old man with an insatiable appetite for sweet young dancers. She had
done her best to stay out of the old lecher's path, but this was particularly
difficult as Principal Duxton often dropped into her dance workshops unannounced
to "inspect" the class. The fact that she was an extremely pretty brunette, with
a petite figure and long graceful limbs, and supple firm small breasts, also did
not help.

"Whats wrong my child, you do not seem at all please with this news" noted
Madame Mettrraux, "even if you do not like Principal Duxton, I would advise you
to try to please him, as he has many friends in high places, this is your final
year with us and I am sure you would like your career to start with a reputable
dance company"

This was a simple truth that Jennifer had to acknowledge, getting work as a
dancer was never easy even though she new she had good grades and technique. "Of
cause I will meet Principal Duxton, it is just that I have had 3 classes this
afternoon and am quite tired"

"That's a good girl, Principal Duxton only wants a quick discussion, I have to
go to studio 6 now so please wait for him here" With that Madame Mettraux left
the studio. The dance studio suddenly felt very cold and empty as Jennifer
proceeded to the bar to stretch her sore and aching muscles. The minutes ticked
by?.and with a start she realized that Principal Duxton had quietly entered the
studio and was staring back at her in the mirror.

"Good morning Jennifer I take it Madame Mettraux has briefed you of our
meeting?" croaked the 62 year old as he gazed unwaveringly at Jennifer. Getting
a silent nod from her he approached and took her by the arm to the center of the
dance floor.

"I would like to see some of your floor and center work, just do the same pieces
you did this morning in class, I am sure your technique is perfect but this is
just a formality"

Jennifer was very self-conscious as she awkwardly went through the routine,
Principal Duxton retired to the edge of the dance floor and watched silently.
After ten minutes, thoroughly soaked in perspiration, he interrupted?

"It is a very hot and humid summer afternoon Jennifer, so I have no objections
if you wish to remove your tights". Jennifer protested but the principal
insisted "you will be a lot more comfortable"

Jennifer unwillingly stripped herself of her tights and handed it to the
Principal's eagerly outstretched hands. After several minutes Principal Duxton
again interrupted, "your arabesque is almost but not quite perfect, come let me
correct your form"

As Jennifer maintained the uncomfortable and precarious position, he approached
and placed both hands on her now bare lower legs, adjusting her standing led,
brushing up her bare standing leg. It was an unbearably long moment, as the
principal's hands lingered around her crotch, and then traveled to her chest. He
inched even closer and said "you have the potential to be a great dancer, if you
are willing to make some minute sacrifices, are you ready to put in more effort
though"

Jennifer silently nodded. She had mentally prepared herself to tolerate what
ever perversions the old lecher desired, it was a competitive world and she new
that many female dancers often slept their way to the top.

The old Principal smiled and became more bold as he gently massaged each
breast?"may I suggest that you also remove your leotard please" Jennifer
obeyed?.she was now dancing only in her bra and panties, her face was strangely
flushed and she was acutely aware as the Principal openly leered at her breasts
and panties as she sank into a perfect split with both arms held forward.

"Hold that position?.let me examine your spilt closer"Ye eagerly sat down on the
floor beside her and pretended to adjust her foot?slowly his hands drifted from
her right ankle and made its way up along her inner thighs where the tender soft
flesh was warmer and more moist.. Suddenly Jennifer felt a tickling session as
she looked down to see that Duxton had peeled her panties to one side and was
gently using his index finger to explore her vagina. She shuddered involuntarily
and he noticed?"hold this perfect split position, do not move, be
disciplined!!!"

Ever so slowly and gently he continued to explore the increasingly moist folds
of her vagina. Whilst she was utterly revolted and repulsed by the old pervert,
Jennifer could not suppress the rush of warmth that was quickly invading her
lower body. She felt flushed and her skin broke into goose bumps. She closed her
eyes and tried to block out the sinful sensations.

Then the fingers were gone and she felt a her long black hair cascade to her
waist her hair pin was removed. By now Principal Duxton no longer masked his
desires, he unhooked her bra and stared at the firm young breasts that were
perfectly capped with small nipples. He roughly pushed Jennifer from her split
position on to her back and climbed eagerly over her raising both her arms and
clamping them above her head.

Almost hungrily he buried his bearded face on the now exposed tender flesh of
her left under arms and slowly kissed the length of her arms, moving slowly to
her hairless armpits, he lingered there and kissed the sensitive flesh there,
Jennifer shuddered again as his beard pricked and tickled her armpit, but he
held both arms firmly above her head?oh how tender and fragrant you are, did you
just shave?"

"I don't have to" Jennifer replied disgustedly, which invoked a more excited
response from the old Principal as he moved his mouth and nostrils from her
armpit to her left breast. He paused awhile and noted the fine beads of
perspiration that covered the flawless white and smooth skin, and without
hesitation proceeded to hungrily lap up the salty beads of sweat. With relish,
he proceeded to suck the left nipple, and then the right?leaving a trail of
sticky saliva across Jennifer's already damp skin. Again and again he sucked
each nipple until both her hard and erect.

By now Jennifer felt like her whole body had turned to jelly. She could also
feel something small poking at her stomach and realized there was a bulge at the
front of the Principal's trousers. He had moved down her body and she was
shocked to realize that it was now Madame Mettraux who was anchoring her arms
above her head with one hand and gently teasing each nipple with the other.
Principal Duxton roughly raised both her legs and removed her panties. Jennifer
was now totally naked save for her ballet shoes and legwarmers.

Jennifer looked down to see that Principal Duxton had raised and spread open
both her legs and was staring hungrily between her legs. She could feel his
fingers as he again explored the moist folds of her vagina. This time he buried
his face in her right inner kneecap and covered the skin in kisses, working
slowly towards her vagina. He paused for a while and then stuck his tongue deep
within Jennifer's moist sensitive folds, lapping hungrily.

Jennifer could feel an irresistible tide building within her. Madam Mettraux
mean while had also turned her attention to hungrily sucking each of Jennifer's
already erect nipples. Bolts of electricity seared through her twitching body as
Jennifer's senses were overwhelmed by the new sensations that assaulted her.

The abuse continued endlessly and unbearably, and then Principal Duxton's tongue
found Jennifer's distended and erect clitoris. He gently flicked the tip of his
tongue over the hard pink little nub, again and again. Jennifer arched her back
as the first wave of orgasm swept through her body. As her back lifted in
spasms, Madame Mettraux bit down hard on first the left nipple and then the
right nipple. The shooting pain seemed to lift her orgasm to a higher plane.

Jennifer turned her head from side to side trying to block out the waves of
pleasure that bathed her body. As the waves slowly receded, she felt all the
muscles in her body suddenly drained of energy. Principal smiled at Madame
Mettraux "ahhh|his one is very special as she is unbroken, lets proceed with her
lesson?"

With a shock Jennifer felt the old Principal part her tired legs?"Please" she
said?"I cannot continue". Principal Duxton replied "Jennifer, you will be
surprised what your beautiful body is capable of"

With that he sank between her legs again and gently blew on her clitoris, after
the first orgasm it was still painfully sensitive and reacted instantaneously to
the tickling air. Again and again he blew on the nub whilst Madame Mettraux
gently played with Jennifer's tits, twitching each one between her fingers.

Jennifer could feel a rush of warmth returning between her legs. The sweet
torment was almost unbearable?"Please, don't tease me" she cried weakly.

The Principal suddenly stood up and removed a 3 small pink vibrators from his
pockets. Madame Mettraux took two and applied them to Jennifer's erect tits, the
Principal positioned the third one directly on Jennifer's clitoris?"Now" was all
he said and they flipped a switch.

As all three vibrators came to life, Jennifer's tired body was engulfed in a
fresh wave of sensations. The teasing of her tits and her clitoris
simultaneously overwhelmed her unaccustomed senses. She could not resist and it
seemed like all her legs and arms had turned to lead.

Suddenly she flinched violently as she felt a warm soft tongue tickling her
arse. She could feel an almost dewy substance trickling from her open vagina
down toward her anus, and Duxton was lapping it all up. With a free hand he
unzipped his trousers and out sprang an enormous erection. In spite of his
advanced years Principal Duxton still maintained a penis of immense size. The
top of the penis was capped by a small drop of transparent liquid mucus.

Principal Duxton applied his throbbing member to Jennifer's vagina. Entry was
painless as the sensitive hole was already liberally coated with Jennifer's own
nectar, but the organ still threatened to stretch and tear the small tight and
pink hole. Slowly, inch by inch he continued until the giant organ disappeared
completely.

Jennifer could feel her vagina stretched to its limit and moaned, in pain as
well as pleasure as her vagina expanded to accommodate the monster. Principal
Duxton withdrew the organ and then rammed it in to the hilt suddenly, Jennifer
almost felt a tearing sensation and the sharp pain seemed to add to the wave of
pleasure that was urgently accumulating between her legs. Again and again the
old Principal rammed his organ into her, Jennifer lost all sense of time.

Suddenly when they were all slippery with sweat and it seemed she could not take
anymore, Jennifer felt the great dam burst, so intense was her orgasm she felt
that her vagina was turning itself inside out. As Jennifer's vagina contracted
spasmodically around his immense organ, Principal Duxton quickly withdrew and
shot his load over Jennifer's breast, collapsing finally on top of Jennifer.

After long minutes the old Principal reluctantly pushed himself off Jennifer and
said; "I think Jennifer that you will have no problems with your auditions for
the lead dance position, but graduation is still many months away so I would
advise you to keep up your good work"

Jennifer was too tired to respond as she lay in blissful oblivion?.

-THE END-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mellanie Hewlitt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





