BDSM Library - Sarah's Smile




Sarah's Smile
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sarah was a dutiful wife and business woman who's life was taken over by two ill-tempered and violent men.  Seemingly at her husband's request the men kidnap and abuse poor Sarah for their own amusement.  They take her to a remote cabin and through pain and humiliation turn her into a slave.Sarah's Smile  
By DionysusMas  
Sarah was just finishing her final sale of the day when the bell over the
  front door to her shop signaled a new arrival. She looked up from the change
  she was handing to her customer and saw 2 rather large, slovenly men coming
  through the door. As the man Sarah had been waiting on left the store, the
  2 newcomers began to browse around the assortment of books and candles in the
  new age shop.  
One of the men made his way to the front door and turned the open sign around
  to its closed position and locked the door. For the first time in a very long
  time, Sarah was afraid. "What are you doing?" she asked. "Shut the fuck up",
  said a voice from Sarah's right. It was then that she noticed the other man
  had moved closer to her and another was making his way around the counter. "If
  you keep your fucking mouth shut and do as you're told, you might just live
  through the day", the man was now around the counter and so close that she
  could smell his nasty breath as he spoke.  
The man was tall, around 6'3 and weighed almost 350 pounds. He had greasy
  black hair that hung in his eyes and his full beard and mustache were full
  of crumbs and dirt. His clothes were torn and filthy, and he smelled as though
  he hadn't showered in days. He motioned to the man by the door and said, "Pull
  the blind down while you're at it and let's get started." This second man did
  as he was told and Sarah took a second to look him over as well. He was just
  as dirty as his friend and just as fat. The only difference was that he wasn't
  nearly as tall. He looked to be only 5 feet tall and was balding. His remaining
  hair was laying on his head in the worst comb over Sarah had ever seen. He
  was wearing shorts and a muscle shirt which showed his body was almost completely
  covered in hair.  
Sarah was very frightened now and said to the man nearest to her, "What do
  you want? There isn't much money in the register." The man laughed and said, "Lady,
  we don't need your money, we're getting enough from your hubby."  
"What do you mean?" Sarah said. "Why is Frank paying you?" The other man
  had moved up to her left side and Sarah realized she was pinned between them. "Well
  sweetheart, its like this. Your husband is sick of this store costing him money,
  sick of you whining and complaining about your life, and most of all he's sick
  of you." The man's face was only an inch from Sarah's when he finished with, "And
  we are here to teach you how to be a better wife."  
Too late Sarah's instincts kicked in and she tried to run. She barely moved
  on foot off the ground when the man who had been talking punched her savagely
  in the stomach. Sarah fell to her knees and for a moment could not breathe
  at all. Both men took this time to look over their new toy.  
Sarah was by no means a super model, but she had turned a few heads in her
  day. They knew from talking to her husband that Sarah was 40 years old and
  had raised 1 child who now lived out of state. For a middle aged mother, Sarah's
  body still held up rather nicely. Her breasts were a size 36DD and now hung
  slightly on her chest. Her ass was a little wide but still looked good. She
  had long black hair with no signs of gray at all. Her blue eyes now looked
  up at the men and she parted her full lips to gasp for air.  
The first man, whom Sarah began to think of as The Giant, leaned over and
  grabbed both of her nipples with the thumb and forefinger of each of his calloused
  hands. He began to pinch severely and the agony Sarah felt made her scream
  out the precious air she had worked so hard to fill her lungs with. The other
  man, which Sarah thought of as Baldy, reached around and clamped his foul smelling
  hand over her mouth to silence her screams.  
"That's enough of that shit", The Giant said as he pulled her to her feet
  by her nipples. "Now, my friend is going to take his hand away and you are
  not going to make a sound, right?" Sarah made no reply as the pain in her breasts
  was making it difficult to think. "RIGHT?" the man shouted as he squeezed harder.
  Sarah's muted scream grew to a fevered pitch as she nodded her head. Her eyes
  filled with tears and her face grew red. The Giant laughed at her plight and
  told her she looked kind of funny in her present position. He nodded to Baldy
  as he let go of Sarah's tortured nipples. Baldy let go of her mouth and instead
  wrapped his hand in her long hair to hold her still. The Giant then told her
  very calmly to remove her clothing.  
"What?" Sarah asked, her voice cracked from screaming. "I will not", she
  said. Baldy pulled her hair hard as The Giant slapped her face several times.
  Each blow rocked her head slightly but the pressure Baldy was applying from
  behind kept it from moving too far. After five or six very hard slaps, The
  Giant stopped and again very calmly told her to remove her clothing. This time
  Sarah said nothing. Her hands trembling, she began to unbutton her blouse.
  She removed the top and then her skirt which left her standing in front of
  the men in only her undergarments and shoes.  
"Damn, you got some nice titties." The Giant said. "Your ass is a little
  fat though" he finished. "We are going to have some serious fun together once
  you finish undressing." Sarah began to cry as she reached back to unbutton
  her bra. As she let the garment fall to the floor, The Giant whistled softly
  and said, "Yep, those look like they'll keep me busy for a while." "Now the
  fucking panties bitch", he said with a smile on his face. As Sarah slipped
  the panties down her legs, she had to bend slightly to remove them all the
  way. While bending over, Sarah's ass pushed into Baldy's crotch and she felt
  his erection through his jeans. Up until this point, Sarah thought this was
  all a dream, but the feeling of a hard cock pressed into her ass was the serious
  wake up call she needed. Baldy pulled her upright and she stammered, "M-m-myy
  shoes?" "Leave them on, that way you look like the sluts in the porno movies" The
  Giant said.  
Sarah tried once more to plead with her tormentors, "Please don't do this,
  please let me go. I don't know why my husband would do this, but I'll pay you
  more to let me go." The Giant laughed and said, "Hell I'd do this for free
  you stupid cunt. I just love to make new friends." "Now let's move this party
  into the back room and get a little more comfortable."  
The Giant led the way into the other room as Baldy dragged Sarah along behind.
  Sarah whimpered in fear as they all made their way deeper into the store. It
  was chilly and her skin was covered in goose flesh. Her nipples stuck straight
  out almost half an inch due to the harsh treatment they had received combined
  with the cold air.  
When they reached the back room, Baldy pushed her inside and then closed
  and locked the door behind them. The two men began to disrobe immediately and
  Sarah started crying harder. "Cry all you want bitch, we are going to have
  us some fun tonight". The Giant said. When the men were naked, Sarah noticed
  several things at once. They were filthy everywhere, Baldy was covered in course
  hair, they smelled terrible, and they both had huge erections. The Giant sat
  on the couch and pointed to the floor in front of him. "Why don't you start
  by sucking my dick for a while?" he said. Sarah started to object and Baldy
  whipped her hard across her ass with his belt. She cried out in pain and turned
  to face him in an attempt to ward off any further abuse. This didn't deter
  Baldy in the least. He kept swinging the belt at her naked body, changing direction
  with every blow to keep her confused. The belt landed blows on her legs, arms,
  stomach, and tits with increasing strength. When she could stand no more, Sarah
  screamed "Please stop!, I'll do it, I'll do anything!" Baldy stopped as quickly
  as he had begun and Sarah dropped slowly to her knees in pain. She was humiliated
  beyond belief at being naked in front of two strangers, but the pain was all
  she could focus on at the moment.  
"Now&hellip;let's try that again". The Giant sounded amused as he said, "Turn
  around, crawl over here, and suck my fucking cock." His voice was like ice
  and Sarah slowly turned to face him, still on her knees. Her body shaking with
  a combination of sobbing, cold, and fear Sarah slowly crawled the distance
  to the couch. As she crawled, her tits swayed back and forth in a way that
  only added to The Giant's arousal. "God damn bitch, you have a nice set of
  tits on you. I'm going to have all kinds of fun with them." He said.  
When Sarah reached the horrible man the stench of his body made her want
  to gag. She sat back on her legs and looked up at The Giant with fear in her
  eyes. He smiled at her and said, "Start out slowly, just lick it up and down
  a little." For a second Sarah looked like she might object, but the man looked
  at his friend and she knew it would do nothing but cause her more pain.  
She leaned forward slowly and reached out with her right hand. "No" The Giant
  said. "Just use your mouth. If I want a hand-job, I'll do it myself. Just use
  that wet little mouth of yours you stupid cunt."  
If Sarah thought the smell of this man was bad, it was nothing compared to
  the taste. As her tongue made contact with his hard cock, she fought to keep
  her stomach from lurching. He tasted of sweat, piss, and dried cum. There were
  white chunks of dick cheese clinging around the mushroom of the head and Sarah
  thought she might die if her tongue came into contact with it. She started
  licking up and down the shaft avoiding the head altogether. This made the Giant
  laugh and he said, "Don't be afraid of that mess bitch it might be dirty now,
  but it will be nice and clean in a few minutes. After you lick it all off that
  is. Now quit fucking around and get busy or I'm going to have my friend here
  fuck you up in a bad way."  
Sarah knew he wasn't bluffing and so began to lick around the head of his
  huge penis. She gagged several times but finally managed to clean off all of
  the nastiness that surrounded the man's cock all the while suffering his taunting
  laughter.  
"Ok, that's enough foreplay start sucking." He said. The Giant grabbed her
  by the ears and pulled her onto his cock in one swift movement. He shoved the
  entire cock into her throat and held her face against his groin for several
  seconds. With over nine inches of cockmeat stuffing her mouth and neck, Sarah
  could not breathe at all. She began to struggle and The Giant eventually pulled
  her free. Sarah started to cough and choke but got very little time to think
  before The Giant commanded her to get his cock back into its new home. Still
  holding her ears as handles, The Giant began to fuck Sarah's face with his
  cock.  
While Sarah was being used as a jerk off glove, Baldy moved in behind her
  and started to whip her ass with his belt. Sarah's reaction was immediate.
  She attempted to fling herself off of the invading cock and free her ass from
  its torment. She threw her hands behind her, but her position on the Giant's
  cock made it impossible to reach her ass. Her trashing did not go unnoticed
  by The Giant as he yelled "Stop squirming bitch, if you hurt my dick in any
  way, I'll beat you to death. And you, what the fuck is wrong with you? Warn
  me next time you want to beat on the cunt. She could have bit my dick off." Baldy
  never even missed a stroke with the belt but grunted in way of acknowledgement. "Throw
  me the cunt's bra and I'll tie her hands" The Giant said. Baldy stopped his
  game long enough to do as ordered and then started the whipping over again.
  While The Giant was securing Sarah's hands, he told her to keep still. He warned
  her not to piss him off or he would fuck her up.  
For her part, Sarah could barely stand her predicament. The pain in her ass
  was unbelievable. The humiliation of sucking this foul man's penis was almost
  as bad. Once her hands were tied in place, The Giant and Baldy got into a rhythm.
  The Giant was pumping Sarah's face up and down on his cock while Baldy was
  whipping her ass to shreds. This obscene game went on for nearly 20 minutes
  until The Giant finally called a stop to it. "Damn, I don't want to shoot just
  yet. I guess I was getting a little carried away with that fine mouth of yours." He
  pushed her to the floor and sat back on the couch. As she lay there sobbing,
  Baldy moved to the couch and sat down as well. He lifted his feet and placed
  them on Sarah's ass using her as a footstool. This new humiliation barely registered
  with the battered wife.  
The men chatted about her body as if she weren't even there and before too
  long they got up and moved toward her again. Sarah began to cry in earnest
  as she begged the men to leave her alone. "No fucking chance of that, cunt" The
  Giant said. "We've barely even started." He rolled her onto her back and she
  discovered a new pain as she lay on her aching arms. The Giant wasted no time
  in spreading her legs and pressing his cock head into her pussy. He shoved
  in with no lubrication with one quick motion and buried himself to the hilt.
  Sarah screamed out at this invasion but her scream was cut short. Baldy had
  moved up to her head and after straddling her face, he reached his hands back
  and spread his asscheeks. With no preamble, Baldy sat his fat ass down hard
  onto Sarah's pretty face. He began wiping his asscrack over her face like a
  dog in fresh grass. Back and forth his huge ass smeared her face until finally
  he just sat still. With his asshole firmly covering Sarah's mouth, Baldy began
  to twist her nipples fiercely. Sarah screamed into his ass and Baldy's cock
  began to grow with the vibrations. He twisted harder and smiled at the results.
  He ground his asshole over the beauty's mouth while twisting her nipples. Every
  so often he would rise up to let her catch a breath only to slam back down
  onto her head.  
The Giant on the other hand was enjoying his fucking of the helpless woman.
  This dry fuck, while still pleasant for him was causing Sarah no small amount
  of pain. They went on like this for quite some time before Baldy began to laugh. "What's
  so fucking funny?" The Giant asked. By way of answer, Baldy raised up slightly
  off of Sarah's face and let fly a tremendous fart. By the sound of it, a very
  wet fart. He quickly sat back down on the woman's face and ground his asshole
  on her lips again. The Giant laughed so hard he had to stop fucking for several
  seconds.  
For her part, Sarah was in hell. Her nipples felt as though they were being
  torn off, her cunt was on fire, and when she screamed her mouth would open
  letting in all sort's of nastiness from Baldy's ass. And that fart, my god
  it was awful. She had only smelled it briefly, but had tasted all of it. As
  Sarah cried into Baldy's ass, The Giant was getting close to the end. He began
  to thrust into her viciously. Meanwhile, Baldy had grabbed handfuls of her
  titflesh and was using them to masturbate himself. He squeezed them with brutal
  abandon. The two men raced each other to completion. At a prearranged signal,
  Baldy climbed off of Sarah's face and The Giant pulled out of her cunt. Both
  men moved their cocks into position over her face. As the men jerked there
  cocks with one hand, they each used the other to torture Sarah's nipples. The
  squirming woman could only lie there with her eyes and mouth closed tightly.  
The Giant was having none of that however. "Open your fucking eyes and look
  at me cunt!" he roared. Sarah opened her eyes and he then shouted, "Now open
  that fucking mouth and stick out your tongue". Sarah complied at once. The
  men continued to stroke their cocks while pinching her nipples. Suddenly, Baldy
  exploded across Sarah's face and hair. As he did he began slapping her left
  tit with his free hand.  
The sight of this pushed The Giant overboard and he too soon shot off. His
  cum scored a direct hit on Sarah's tongue and into her open eyes. As the men
  calmed down, The Giant stood up over Sarah's abused body.  
"Damn girl, you are too much fun. I can hardly wait to party with you." He
  said. The beleaguered beauty looked at him in shock and said, "You mean that's
  not all?" The Giant laughed and said "All? Hell no. We own your ass, we are
  going to party for a long time. Now smile pretty for me." As Sarah began to
  cry, the first drops of piss began to fall on her face from the cocks of her
  tormentors.  
The 2 men took their time, drenching the middle aged wife from her hair to
  the soles of her feet. They laughed at her misery and played their streams
  of acrid piss over her being careful to hit her face as often as possible.
  Sarah could only lie there and cry. She had been told to keep her face pointed
  up towards the twin streams and knew she would only find pain in any attempt
  to disobey. Baldy was the first to finish, taking special care to get the last
  few jets of waste into Sarah's face. The Giant had other plans for his grand
  finale. He shouted for Sarah to open her mouth. The defenseless woman could
  only shudder in revulsion as she complied with the sadist's command.  
Standing over Sarah in a bizarre pose of victory, The Giant aimed the last
  of his piss directly into the woman's open mouth. Her mouth filled quickly
  and Sarah was forced to make a choice. Knowing that these men were the worst
  possible kind of animals, Sarah felt her only recourse would be to swallow
  the nasty brew. She took down that first mouthful of piss with a full body
  shudder that did not go unnoticed by her captors. The Giant laughed and gave
  her a quick kick to the ribs saying, "I knew you were my kind of slut, you
  know just what to do with a real man's piss." Sarah rolled onto her side and
  continued to cry as the men discussed their next move.  
"We have to get this cunt out of here." The Giant said. He told Baldy to
  get dressed and then move the car around to the back door. Sarah was ignored
  for the 10 minutes it too Baldy to dress and leave. After he had gone, The
  Giant said, "Get your fat ass up and put your clothes back on. You only need
  the shirt and skirt. Forget all that other shit." Sarah lay still not really
  understanding anything The Giant said. Several swift kicks to her back and
  legs soon drove the message home however. She moved as quickly as she could
  despite her pain and the fact that she was soaked with piss. The wetness made
  it difficult for Sarah to dress and this only angered The Giant. He reached
  out and grabbed a handful of her pubic hair and lifted her to her toes. "I
  said get dressed bitch not fuck around all day. If I have to, I'll rip every
  fucking hair out of this nasty, stretched out hole you call a cunt. Now get
  a fucking move on." When he let go, Sarah moved as quickly as possible pulling
  her clothes over her piss soaked body. The silk top stuck to her like a second
  skin and for a brief moment she wondered if she would ever get the smell of
  piss out of it. It's funny the places your mind will go when it can no longer
  deal with reality.  
Sarah was brought out of her reverie by a slap to the back of her head. Baldy
  was knocking at the back door, and The Giant said it was time to go. Sarah
  cringed as he reached for her and said "Where are we going? Please just leave
  me alone, I won't tell anyone. I just want to go home." The Giant looked directly
  into her eyes and said, "Listen closely whore. You have no home. You belong
  to us for as long as we like. If you work very hard, and learn how to behave,
  you might get to go back to your life someday. Your husband paid a lot of money
  to teach you some respect. Now, we are going out the back door and getting
  into my car. If you make one fucking sound, I will kill you where you stand.
  Do you understand me?" Sarah nodded her head and began to cry again. The fear
  she was feeling became a tangible force. It had weight and substance. She could
  feel it tying her to The Giant. Hanging her head as she walked, Sarah left
  her old life behind and got into The Giant's car.  
The Giant got into the back seat and pulled Sarah in beside him. He told
  Baldy to get moving, and they were soon on their way along the side streets
  to the highway. As they rode along, The Giant amused himself by playing with
  Sarah. He pinched her nipples hard enough to make her cry out several times.
  When this failed to make him laugh any more, he began to pinch other parts
  of her breasts. It didn't take long to raise a series of bruises over most
  of Sarah's tit flesh. Her nipples were a dark red and throbbed along with her
  racing heart. She could not comprehend the shear depravity of the men who had
  taken her. The Giant seemed to genuinely enjoy hurting her whenever possible.  
When he grew bored with his game, he told the cowering woman to suck his
  cock for him. At first, Sarah began to shake her head but the look on her captor's
  face changed her mind quickly. The Giant opened his pants and fished out his
  sizable cock which was already almost completely hard. "This should be easy
  for you cunt" he said. "It's all nice and clean now." He laughed at his little
  joke and pushed Sarah's head toward his crotch. She opened her mouth and took
  the man's penis into her previously unsoiled mouth about half of its length.
  She gagged instantly and tried to pull her head away. The Giant grabbed her
  hair and shoved her face onto his dick with the same ferocity he had exhibited
  earlier. "Don't play the dainty little housewife with me, I know you can get
  real friendly with my pecker so get to it." He held her there for several seconds
  with the entire length of his cock embedded in her throat. When he released
  her, it was with the instruction to keep sucking him with the same skill she
  had displayed before. Sarah wondered if he remembered that she had not done
  the work herself at that time and doubted she could do it now. Never the less,
  she began to suck The Giant's cock bobbing her head in a vain attempt to deep
  throat him. If her sloppiness bothered The Giant, he never let it show.  
To his credit, The Giant knew how to receive a blowjob. There was no awkwardness
  to his posture. He never questioned where to place his hands or whether to
  look down at the woman. No, The Giant was a man and as such he felt he was
  owed this small gesture from every woman he met. This was where women belonged,
  face down in a man's crotch their mouths full of cock. As Sarah continued to
  struggle with her new duty, The Giant amused himself by fucking his middle
  finger into her very dry, very sore cunt. Sarah moaned in discomfort, but never
  once thought of stopping. She knew any disobedience would mean instant retribution.
  The fingering she was receiving hurt very much, but through the pain she began
  to feel a moisture gathering inside her pussy. She cursed herself for getting
  wet and knew that it wasn't arousal but a simple reaction to the friction.
  Even so, it made her feel even more humiliated and dirty.  
After an hour in this position, the two "lovers" were getting into a rhythm.
  The Giant was enjoying his blowjob and Sarah was in a pain filled hell. Her
  pussy was sore from the constant use, and her ass was now very uncomfortable
  due to the fact that The Giant's thumb had taken up residence there nearly
  forty minutes ago. The Giant was fucking 3 fingers in and out of Sarah's cunt
  while his thumb stayed lodged firmly in her asshole. His other had was alternating
  pinching her nipples, keeping them both in a constant state of arousal and
  pain. All the while Sarah bobbed her head up and down on the massive cock stretching
  her lips. Her mouth was very sore and tired, and she felt as though she wanted
  to die of embarrassment. The Giant continued to heap a non stop litany of verbal
  abuse on Sarah as she slaved away at his penis. He told her how natural she
  looked with his cock in her mouth. He told her that her mouth would be his
  new cock cleaner. He never had to wash it again. Any time the smell got to
  be too much, he could just shove it into her mouth for a nice spit shine. He
  told her how much he loved hurting her and that he would continue to do so.
  And as a final degradation, the told her she could be his "little pisspot". "I
  won't have to make that long trip to the bathroom as long as you're around
  slut. Not with that great toilet mouth you have." He said.  
Suddenly Sarah felt his cock lurch. He tightened his grip on her left nipple
  and shoved his fingers all the way into her most private cavities. He began
  calling her every filthy name he could think of as his cock began to paint
  the inside of Sarah's throat. After the initial couple of shots, he pulled
  back so that he could finish in her mouth. He shot the last of his cum onto
  Sarah's tongue and made her swallow it, all the while causing her tremendous
  pain by squeezing her nipple, cunt and asshole. She cried and choked down the
  foul tasting cum fighting desperately not to be sick.  
"Damn", The Giant said. "We're here just in time". Sarah felt the car slowing
  and feared they had reached their destination. The Giant pulled hard on her
  hair and told her to get out of the car. The frightened woman sat up and looked
  out the window to see only woods in every direction but one. To her left she
  saw a small wooden cabin that looked like it might be used as a hunting lodge.
  She was alone with these animals far from any aid.  
As she was pushed from the car, Sarah began to cry in earnest at the realization
  that her nightmare was only beginning. "Don't be like that cunt", The Giant
  said. "We are going to have a really good time together. Well&hellip;.At least
  my friend and I will." He laughed as the dragged her naked and screaming toward
  the house. She could hear dogs barking somewhere out back and could feel very
  clearly the cold autumn air on her naked body. She was aware of everything.
  Especially the voice of The Giant when he said to his friend, "Go round back
  and shut those fucking dogs up. They can have a piece of the bitch later." Sarah
  was too far gone to even react to such an outlandish statement, her screaming
  and thrashing were earning her multiple slaps and punches from The Giant. He
  told her to settle down and walk into the house or he would just kill her now.
  She forced herself to calm down and walk the short distance to the front door
  of the house. The Giant slapped her ass hard and shoved her into the wall by
  the door face first. Her bare tits scraped the rough wood of the wall aggravating
  her previous injuries. He slapped her bare ass several more times then pushed
  her to her knees. "You don't get to walk in here bitch" he said. "You crawl
  in like the fucking bitch cunt you are." With these words he opened the door
  and kicked her roughly on the ass to spur her on. Sarah cast one last sidelong
  glance at freedom and slowly crawled into her new home.  
Sarah crawled through the front door of the cabin and continued to move into
  the living room at the urging of The Giant. He followed closely behind and
  slapped her viciously if she didn't move fast enough. Her knees hurt from crawling
  but the pain did little to mask her previous suffering. Her tits were a mass
  of bruises and hurt beyond comprehension. Her asshole and pussy were both rubbed
  raw and she smelled like the dirty side of a urinal. Sarah was exhausted and
  could not move fast enough to keep from being beaten by the man she had come
  to loathe and fear. The Giant stopped her when they reached the living room
  couch and sat down with a contented sigh. He looked down at her and said, "Christ,
  you look like a fucking gutter whore. I don't even want to fuck you now so
  why don't you just take my boots off and give my feet a nice tongue bath?" Sarah
  was unable to understand such cruelty. She could not even protest any longer.  
Without much preamble, the tortured wife reached out and began to slide the
  man's cowboy boots from his feet. As the first boot left The Giant's foot,
  Sarah's senses were assaulted by the overwhelming stench. The Giant noticed
  her discomfort and smiled down at her. "Damn, my feet stink! Looks like your
  services are needed for sure. Now get the other boot then take off my socks
  and get to work." Sarah's body was wracked with sobbing as she followed the
  man's instructions. When both feet were bare, she lifted the right foot slowly
  to her lips. Just as she was about to taste the unwashed foulness, the man
  sitting before her stopped her with a question. "Why are you starting with
  the right foot?" Sarah blinked up at him and asked what he meant. "Well, is
  there something wrong with my left foot?" "No", she stammered. "I don't understand
  what you mean." The Giant leaned forward in his seat and said, "Well, you fucking
  piece of trash, what I mean is you made a choice just then and decided to start
  with my right foot. What gives you the right to make an important decision
  like that? A useless fucking cunt like you couldn't possibly make your own
  choices could you?"  
Sarah looked at him uncomprehendingly. She opened and closed her mouth several
  times but no sound came out. She had no idea what the appropriate response
  should be. The Giant continued to stare at her for several seconds before saying, "You
  are a piece of shit. You have no rights around here and you certainly don't
  make any of the decisions. You ask me nicely which foot I would like you to
  start with. Never assume you know more than I do." Sarah could not believe
  this man could be so rotten. He not only expected her to lick his feet, but
  he also expected her to ask permission. She lowered her eyes and said, "Which
  foot would you like me to start with?" The words were barely out of her mouth
  when The Giant slapped her hard across the face. "You don't talk to me like
  we're equals, you fucking call me sir. And I didn't hear a please in there
  anywhere." Sarah wiped the blood from her now split lip and said, her voice
  shaking, "Please sir, which foot would you like me to start with?" The Giant
  smiled and leaned back on the couch. "The right." He said. Sarah began to cry
  as she realized the cruelty of the man.  
With tears falling from her eyes, Sarah lifted the foul smelling foot to
  her lips. She slowly extended her tongue and touched it to the top of The Giant's
  foot. She began to lick in small strokes along the top of the foot until another
  slap to her head caught her attention. "Get your whole fucking tongue into
  it, and you better do the whole damn foot. I think the bottom is particularly
  nasty." The Giant punctuated the word nasty with another vicious slap and Sarah
  quickly bent to her task. She extended her entire tongue and with broad strokes
  began to clean the sweat, dirt, and stink off of the man's foot. She knew to
  do a thorough job in order to keep from being hit, so she made sure to lick
  between each toe. The taste was, if possible, worse than the smell. It was
  as if the pig never bathed. While she worked, The Giant just smiled and looked
  down at her like a Roman emperor lording over a peasant girl.  
Sarah was just starting on the left foot when she felt a finger tracing its
  way along her asscrack. She started to sit up when suddenly a hand pushed her
  head back down to the foot she was cleaning and a finger was thrust up her
  asshole. Baldy, it seemed, was back. "Just keep fucking licking cunt" the Giant
  said. Sarah continued her humiliating task as Baldy roughly fingered her ass.
  He had shoved his middle finger into her ass without any lubrication and was
  now trying to force a second digit in as well. Sarah moaned in pain and wriggled
  her ass in an attempt to dislodge the bald invader. As Baldy pushed his index
  finger in beside its mate, Sarah began to whimper in pain. She was licking
  between The Giant's toes when Baldy began to insert his ring finger. With nothing
  to wet the passage it was rough going. Baldy was a patient man however and
  after much pushing and twisting he finally got all 3 fingers embedded in the
  struggling woman's ass.  
The sound of her moans was too much for The Giant and he was soon hard again.
  He grabbed Sarah by her hair and pulled her face to his throbbing cock. "Time
  to get friendly again cunt." He said. "Just hold the tip in your mouth and
  jack me off. I want to cum inside your mouth, not your throat." Sarah was in
  pain from the finger fuck her ass was taking but knew it was futile to resist.
  She held the hated penis in her mouth and stroked it slowly with her right
  hand. Baldy was thrusting his fingers in and out of her dry asshole with abandon.
  The pain was intense and it was difficult to concentrate on her jack off duties.
  She soon found herself keeping time with Baldy and stroking The Giant's dick
  in time with her ass rape. Baldy soon grew bored with simply fingering her
  ass and looked to find something to do with his other hand. He reached under
  her and grabbed several dozen of her cunt hairs between his thumb and index
  finger. With one swift jerk he pulled the hair from her sensitive pussy and
  laughed at the reaction it created.  
Sarah's head flung backward and she cried out in agony. The Giant was furious. "Don't
  you ever stop blowing me until I tell you to stop" He roared punctuating each
  word with a slap to her face and head. He grabbed her long black hair and pulled
  her face to within inches of his own. "You suck my cock like a good little
  cunt and never take your mouth away until I cum". With that final command he
  pulled her face back down to his cock and leaned back into the couch. Sarah
  continued the blowjob with as much enthusiasm as she could muster. The huge
  cockhead was firmly embedded between her lips and she forced herself to run
  her tongue back and forth across the tip. With each pass of the piss slit,
  she tasted the bitter, salty flavor of precum. The taste of this horrid man's
  juice was a humiliation much greater than any she had ever experienced. Sarah
  could feel every inch of the man's penis with her tongue she began to know
  it intimately, finding the most sensitive parts and quickly exploiting them
  in an attempt to make The Giant cum faster. The irony of this situation was
  not lost on Sarah. To end this most recent humiliation, she must degrade herself
  further by making her rapist defile her mouth once again with his cum.  
 When she had returned to work, Baldy, who had never stopped the finger rape
  of her ass, went back to plucking her cunt hair in small patches. The woman
  was in turmoil. The pain was intense but she dare not stop her blowjob duties.
  She moaned and cried with each savage pull at her secret hair. The fucking
  of her ass combined with the pain in her pussy only compounded the degradation
  she was forced to endure face deep in a madman's crotch.  
The Giant lasted quite a long time and Baldy was able to pull a considerable
  amount of hair from Sarah's cunt. The Giant came quite a lot considering the
  amount of times he had already cum. As he squirted out Sarah's gift, Baldy
  beat a tattoo on her defenseless ass with the hand he had been pulling her
  hair out with. She ended her third round of nonconsensual sex by swallowing
  a mouthful of cum, loosing a small percentage of pubic hair in a painful manner,
  and having her ass beat by a mute psycho. The exhausted woman fell to the floor
  as the men finished with her and slipped into unconsciousness.  
Sarah's reprieve was brief and unsatisfying. She had no longer closed her
  eyes than she found herself being kicked awake by The Giant. The despicable
  man was once again standing over her with that damnable smile on his face.
  He was dressed again and ready to play with his new toy. Sarah was lying on
  her side and having some trouble raising her tired body to an upright position.
  The Giant kicked her once more and told her to get up on her knees. The poor
  woman had no strength left and could only lay there moaning. The Giant stepped
  forward and crushed her left tit to the floor under his filthy work boot. He
  twisted his foot and began to grind the flesh of Sarah's abused breast against
  the cold wooden floor. The woman screamed and cried not daring to pull her
  tit free in fear of causing it more pain. She attempted to reach out and push
  the offending foot away but found her hands tied tightly behind her back. Having
  no recourse, Sarah began to beg the man to stop, promising him anything in
  return for an end to her suffering.  
The Giant enjoyed the pitiful display being enacted before him and smiled
  benevolently down at the suffering woman. "Now see", he said. "I just knew
  we were going to be friends." He stepped off of the bruised tit giving it one
  last twist into the floorboards. Reaching into his back pocket, the man pulled
  out a small knife and after unfolding the blade proceeded to cut the restraints
  binding Sarah's hands. Sarah immediately began to massage her aching tit, all
  the while crying and rocking back and forth. "Now, I believe you said you would
  to anything isn't that right?" the Giant said. Sarah looked up at the man and
  said "Yes". The slap caught her by surprise and knocked her to the floor again.
  The Giant leaned closer to her and said "I told you to call me sir. Is that
  so fucking hard to understand cunt?" Sarah's reply was a resounding No. She
  promised to do anything he asked. She cried and begged him not to hurt her
  anymore. She promised to suck him off again, promised to fuck him, even promised
  to bathe his body with her tongue. The Giant complained at her lack of imagination. "We've
  done all that, cunt. I want something new. I want you to lick my asshole for
  me. I want to see if your face fits as well up my ass as I think it will." Sarah
  was disgusted but tried not to let it show. "Please sir, anything else. I'll
  do anything else for you." Very calmly and with a soft voice the man said, "No,
  You'll do this. And you will do it very well." The tone of his voice and the
  look on his face told Sarah all she needed to know. Rather than risk another
  beating, she nodded in compliance.  
The Giant had her lay on her back with her arms straight out from her sides
  in a T shape. He pulled his jeans down revealing no underwear and a rather
  hairy ass. He lowered himself down over Sarah's face keeping his own face pointed
  at her feet. He positioned his legs over her arms trapping them out at her
  sides. Before he lowered his weight onto her head, The Giant took a moment
  to pull a cigarette out of his shirt pocket and a pack of matched to light
  it. He looked down at Sarah's face and said, "You had better lick no matter
  what. Don't stop until I tell you. I want that tongue buried up my ass as far
  as you can make it go." With those final words, he sat down on the woman's
  face and wriggled around until he felt that it was lodged sufficiently into
  his smelly crack.  
When he felt no licking, The Giant slapped Sarah's tits several times in
  rapid succession and ground his ass harder onto her face. This subtle little
  reminder made Sarah dig in to the task at hand. She stuck her tongue out and
  swirled it around the foul crevice in broad strokes trying to find the hole.
  After a few nauseating minutes of scraping her tongue across hardened pieces
  of shit that collected around The Giant's asshole, Sarah finally managed to
  slip her tongue into the hole itself. The Giant was pleased and settled in
  for a nice long ride. He placed the cigarette into his mouth and struck the
  first match.  
After lighting the smoke, he stared at the still lit match with an evil grin
  on his face. Instead of blowing out the match and discarding it, he dropped
  it onto Sarah's right tit. The woman bucked and screamed into his ass, a not
  terribly unpleasant feeling he soon discovered. She thrashed her body and finally
  dislodged the match with the shaking of her large tits. The burn left behind
  was not very big, but the area it burned was quite sensitive. As she continued
  to lick The Giants asshole, he of course continued to light matches. Each new
  match was dropped on a different part of Sarah's body and The Giant delighted
  in watch it either burn out or become dislodged by Sarah's violent spasms of
  pain. He aimed on at her left tit and scored a direct hit on the nipple. The
  next match landed on Sarah's stomach. The one after that hit her right leg.
  Each successive match created a small burn on his victim's body and caused
  her to thrash about and scream louder into his dank asshole. The Giant was
  enjoying the screaming and loved the way it made his dick grow. He played his
  new game until he ran out of matches. On the very last match, The Giant had
  an idea. Rather than throw the match, he held it very close to Sarah's right
  nipple. As her screaming reached a fevered pitch, The Giant backed the match
  off and moved it to the other tit. This time he touched the nipple briefly
  with the flame and had to force Sarah to stay in position. He sat his enormous
  ass down harder on her face, his message quite clear. Never stop licking.  
As Sarah worked at licking the fat man's ass, she thought she would go mad
  from the pain in her tits. Their rough treatment had caused them to become
  a source of great pain for the brunette. Her mind was in a state of total confusion.
  It was attempting to concentrate on two horrors at once, the pain being inflicted
  on her breasts and the degradation of licking a fat man's ass. The Giant was
  enjoying her ministrations so much that after the matches were gone he almost
  forgot about torturing Sarah. Almost that is. With his cock ready to burst
  and his ass feeling pleasantly fulfilled, the fat man took to pinching Sarah
  wherever he could reach. He left welts on her arms and sides. He pinched her
  nipples until her screaming almost made him cum. He slapped her and pinched
  her on every inch of her tits. He wanted to damage her. Not physically, but
  emotionally. Oh, her body was taking some hits but it was her mind that was
  suffering the most. The Giant laughed at this revelation and let out a series
  of rather wet farts into Sarah's mouth. She of course choked on the smell,
  but never wavered from her duties. After about an hour of this treatment, The
  Giant grew bored and decided to end it. He turned his body around and sat down
  hard on Sarah's tits. His crushing weight only added to their immense pain.
  He looked down and laughed at the site that greeted him. The once pretty woman
  was now a pitiable wreck. Her face was smeared with cum and a little shit.
  Her hair was a nightmare and her eyes looked like two piss holes in the snow. "Damn
  bitch, you need a fucking bath." Sarah only stared blankly up at him. The Giant
  reached down and grabbed her by the hair. He pulled her head up as far as it
  would go and proceeded to masturbate himself directly at her face. It didn't
  take him long before he was shooting yet another load of cum at the dirty beauty.  
When he finished spraying her face, the large man used Sarah's hair to clean
  his cock. He got up to his feet with only a minimal amount of stepping on her.
  When he was standing, he grabbed the exhausted woman by the hair and began
  to drag her across the floor. Sarah was too tired to put up a fight so she
  let the man pull her along without much help from her. As they moved down the
  hallway of the house, The Giant said, "Well, let's go ahead and have that bath
  now, cunt. What do you think?" Sarah could only moan as she was pulled down
  the dirty hallway toward yet another humiliating torture.  
 
  Sarah woke in the morning with a surge of hope. Maybe it had all been a dream
      she thought. Perhaps her mind had played a trick on her and none of the
      horrible things she remembered were true. She imagined that when she opened
      her eyes she would see her husband lying next to her in their bed. The
      Giant and his terrible friend were nothing but a figment of her imagination.
      The trouble with this theory was the amount of pain Sarah felt all over
      her body. She could also smell the rank odor of the man in bed with her
      and knew it wasn't her husband. She opened her eyes and looked to her right.
      There was The Giant wide awake and staring at her with a slight grin on
      his ugly face. Sarah looked to the left and saw Baldy also staring at her.
      They smelled awful and looked even worse. The two men were naked and both
      sported huge erections. They reeked of body odor and were both covered
      in course black hair.   
The Giant spoke first. "It's about time you woke up, cunt. You passed out
  during your bath and we've been waiting for almost 2 hours to play with you
  some more. In fact, I thought of a new game we can play. It's called bath time.
  Since you already had your bath, we think its time you give us ours." She vaguely
  remembered being thrown into a tub filled with cold water and scrubbed with
  a course brush before passing out. Now these rotten men wanted her to bathe
  them. The Giant leered at her and told her to start licking. She was to clean
  their bodies with her tongue. Sarah was already accustomed to the man's temper
  and offered no resistance. Sticking out her tongue, the abused woman slowly
  licked The Giant's shoulder.  
"No way cunt" The Giant said. "The only cleaning I need is between my legs
  and in the crack of my ass. Now get to work or I'll smack the shit out of you." Sarah
  began to cry at the man's cruelty but moved down to his crotch none the less.
  She began licking around his cock holding her breath against the awful stench
  coming from the man's ass. Not only hadn't he bathed in quite some time, it
  appeared he hadn't wiped very well either. While Sarah worked at making her
  master happy she forgot about Baldy. The feel of a finger tracing its way along
  her asscrack soon brought back the memory of The Giant's partner. Sarah involuntarily
  clenched her ass closed in anticipation of the intruding digit. Baldy had other
  plans than finger fucking her ass however. He traced a path down her crack
  from the small of her back to just above her asshole. Sarah had a small patch
  of hair growing around her asshole which made Baldy smile with an idea.  
Reaching over to the nightstand, Baldy picked up a cigarette lighter and
  moved back to Sarah's ass. When Sarah felt the heat of the lighter on her delicate
  ass, she jumped away from The Giant's crotch. Three things happened at once.
  The Giant grabbed her hair and pulled her back into place, Baldy moved to sit
  on Sarah's legs and pin them into place, and Sarah began to beg and cry violently.
  She pleaded with Baldy not to burn her which only made the men laugh. The Giant
  explained to her, "You don't understand cunt. We own your ass. We own you.
  Anything we decide to do, we will do. Now here are the rules. If you stop licking
  at any point, I'll take the belt to your ass. If you move a second time, I'll
  whip your tits. A third violation and I take the belt to your nasty cunt. I
  really don't think there will be a fourth." Sarah cried piteously her tears
  adding to the saliva on The Giant's balls. Her entire body shook violently
  but she knew just how serious The Giant's threat was. She closed her eyes and
  went back to cleaning the filthy cock and balls in front of her.  
Baldy spread the cheeks of Sarah's ass with his left hand and brought the
  lighter back into her crack. He struck the lighter and moved it down to the
  tiny pink hole staring up at him. As Baldy began to burn away the hair surrounding
  Sarah's asshole, the pain began to take effect on the poor wife. She began
  to whimper and shake more violently. She could taste her own tears on The Giant's
  balls and could feel his cock begin to grow along the side of her face. She
  knew it was her suffering as well as the licking that was making the pig aroused.
  To add insult to her injury, The Giant made a rather dramatic sniffing sound
  and said, "Damn, that is one stinky ass you got there bitch. Nothing like the
  smell of burning ass hair." He said with a laugh.  
Sarah was in agony. The burning was becoming intolerable. Baldy had burned
  away all of the hair in her asscrack and was now touching the flame to her
  asscheeks just enough to hurt like hell but leave no permanent marks. As he
  played the flame directly onto her asshole, Sarah bucked wildly and abandoned
  her cleaning duties. The Giant pulled her back into place and very calmly said, "That's
  one." Sarah cried even harder wondering how much abuse the men could dole out.
  Luckily, she did not have their imagination or she would die in horror knowing
  what trials still lay ahead. The Giant moved to his knees. He and Baldy rolled
  the woman onto her back and told her to spread her legs apart. Sarah complied
  and Baldy tied each leg to an opposite side of the bed. "Now, listen closely
  cunt" The Giant said. "I'm going to give you a new place to clean. Won't that
  be fun?" He started laughing and moved into position over her face. The Giant
  placed his legs on the captive woman's arms to pin them and moved his ass over
  her sobbing face. He squatted down just close enough for the hair on his ass
  to tickle Sarah's nose. She pleaded with him one last time and was rewarded
  with a slap to her tits. She got the message and began to lick at the huge
  asscheeks hovering over her face.  
While Sarah worked at cleaning the nasty mess before her, Baldy went to work
  on a new target. He took his lighter and started to burn away the hair surrounding
  Sarah's pussy. When she felt the flame near her cunt, Sarah lurched her head
  forward and her crotch back in an attempt to escape the pain. The result of
  which only managed to shove her face further into The Giant's ass and didn't
  take her pussy very far from the flame. Both of the men anticipated her movement
  and braced themselves accordingly. Baldy had no trouble keeping the flame where
  it needed to be, and The Giant quite enjoyed the feeling of Sarah screaming
  into his ass. The Giant sat down hard on Sarah's face forcing his pungent asshole
  down over the frantic woman's mouth. The vibrations caused by her screams only
  made his dick harder. He took a moment to squeeze out a couple of nasty farts
  into Sarah's open mouth and enjoyed the feeling of power it gave him. Sarah
  barely noticed it as all of her concentration was centered on her burning cunt.  
As the hair sizzled and burned away, Baldy moved the lighter closer to Sarah's
  nether lips. Although he never stopped or lingered long enough to cause any
  damage, Baldy did move the lighter slowly enough to cause a considerable amount
  of pain. He was doing quite a remarkable job of removing the hair surrounding
  the cunt and had to smile with pride at how close he had managed to get the
  hair. Sarah bucked and thrashed from the pain and howled out her agony into
  The Giant's asshole. His huge cock was now completely hard and he was considering
  what to do to relieve the pressure. He absently reached down and began to twist
  and pull at Sarah's nipples adding to her intense pain.  
Sarah was lost in a world of pain and humiliation. Her poor pussy was on
  fire, literally and figuratively and her already sore nipples were throbbing
  in agony. It was an all consuming hell that Sarah now occupied and she was
  having difficulty dealing with so much turmoil. She was shaking terribly and
  thrashing wildly at her bonds with her legs. She pushed as hard as she could
  with her arms but could not move The Giant from his perch. The man was laughing
  at her predicament and grinding his asshole into her open mouth. The pain in
  her nipples was maddening and the awful man had taken to pulling them out as
  far as he could, stretching her tits off of her chest and then shaking them
  back and forth. She could barely breath due to the enormous ass covering her
  face and taking the smell into consideration, she knew she didn't want to breath.  
But it was the pain in her cunt that drove her mad. Baldy was using his left
  hand to pull her lips apart and was passing the flame over the inside of her
  pussy with an almost delicate touch. Sarah screamed and thrashed and prayed
  to god to make it all stop. If only there was a god listening. The pain grew
  more intense and the men sensed Sarah reaching a breaking point. Baldy moved
  the flame more slowly, taking care to cause as much pain as possible. The flesh
  around and inside Sarah's cunt was turning a bright red and you could almost
  read her pulse in its throbbing.  
For his part, The Giant was having a blast. Sarah's "humming" into his ass
  had given him a huge hard on and he was always happier hard. He knew it wouldn't
  be long until Sarah was begging to do anything he asked. He knew she would
  break and loose herself in her submission to him. Knowing this never made his
  enthusiasm though. He was more into the breaking down of a woman than in the
  end results. As he squeezed his ass around the girl's face The Giant was aware
  of a certain excitement around the room. He could tell they were close to something.
  Just as he reached this realization, Sarah let loose her bladder. With a cry
  of shame that was muffled by The Giant's big ass Sarah felt a greater humiliation
  than she ever had before.  
The piss soaked Baldy's lighter and he could no longer burn away at Sarah's
  cunt. The Giant laughed at his friend's predicament and said, "Oh well, at
  least she didn't shit the bed. Sarah could hear the entire exchange and was
  mortified at the thought of these men watching her pee. She felt like an animal.
  She could feel the piss pooling around her thighs in the bed sheets. Without
  his lighter, Baldy became less interested in Sarah for the moment. He sat back
  in the bed and watched his friend play with their new toy. The Giant was laughing
  at the sight of his captive pissing on the bed. He was turning around to face
  Sarah in hopes of shooting his load into her mouth. He sat down hard on her
  tits and began to stroke his cock. He grabbed Sarah by the hair and pulled
  her face up level to his cock. "Open your mouth you dumb cunt" he said. The
  defeated woman opened her mouth as wide as she could and waited in dread of
  what was coming. Sarah didn't have to wait very long. The Giant stroked his
  dick rapidly, his balls bouncing into Sarah's chin. He soon shot a few spurts
  of cum onto Sarah's pretty face and she immediately closed her eyes. The cum
  was heavy and thick. Sarah could feel its weight on her face and in her hair.
  The Giant aimed the last jet into Sarah's nose and laughed at the way she coughed.
  He then took to rubbing the cum into Sarah's skin with his cock. He rubbed
  the cum over all of Sarah's face and then began to move it toward her mouth.
  He warned her to keep her mouth open and was soon feeding Sarah a very high
  protein meal. Sarah knew what was expected and licked the cum from the tip
  of his cock. She obediently swallowed everything that was offered and began
  to cry all over again. She could not believe how cruel the world really was.  
Her pussy and tits were very sore and her mouth tasted like The Giant's ass.
  She felt wiped out and disconnected. She felt as though she would die. Her
  entire body ached. She could hear Baldy wandering around the room. She could
  hear The Giant's breathing and could feel her own. She was alive in the moment.
  The Giant leaned forward till his face was just inches from Sarah's. "Just
  so you know" he said. "You stopped licking and started screaming into my ass." Sarah
  looked up at him in confusion. "That's two" he said and moved from the bed.
  As he looked down at the defeated woman he smiled and said, "That's two". Sarah
  watched him walk away and just closed her eyes and fell to sleep.  
 Sarah's life had settled into a routine of humiliation and pain. For several
  days now she had been used and beaten by the two horrible men almost constantly.
  Her only relief came when she slept, which wasn't often. She cleaned the cabin
  and cooked their meals. She tended to their every perverted need no matter
  how revolting. The men never used her name, instead calling her cunt or slut
  or bitch. She was in the bathroom now, cleaning the toilet of all stray drops
  of piss. Neither man seemed to be able to hit the water when they pissed so
  there was always quite a lot of piss around the rim of the toilet as well as
  the floor. Sarah licked the rim of the toilet with her once pristine tongue
  and shuddered at the thought that this wasn't even her worst duty. She continued
  licking as The Giant walked in and stood over her. He laughed a little as he
  pulled his cock out of his sweatpants. "Damn, I do love a bitch who is dedicated
  to her work" he said. With a grunt he started pissing into the bowl. Sarah
  never stopped licking for fear of retribution. The Giant delighted in "missing" the
  water and hitting Sarah's pretty face with splashes of rank piss.  
As he finished, Sarah rose quickly to her knees and licked the last few drops
  of piss from his cock. She was relieved that he hadn't pissed into her mouth
  as he usually did. The Giant reached down and pinched both of her nipples violently
  before turning to leave. "Hurry up with your chores cunt, I need my ass licked
  for a while."  
It had been one month since Sarah's capture and imprisonment at the hands
  of the two horrible men. She lived in constant fear of beatings and tortures
  the likes of which she had never imagined. Sarah was a slave to the desires
  of 2 brutal and depraved men. Their appetites never ceased to amaze her. She
  drank their piss, cleaned the cabin with her tongue, took their cum anywhere
  they felt like depositing it and was thanked for her efforts with distain.
  During her marriage, Sarah and her husband had fallen into routine. They rarely
  had sex anymore and when they did it was plain vanilla all the way. Now Sarah
  was having sex several times a day and not enjoying it one bit. She had yet
  to orgasm at the hands of her captors, not that she wanted to or that they
  even cared if she did. Sarah never got used to being abused by the men. She
  had a fleeting thought of Stockholm syndrome and dismissed it out of hand.
  There was no way she could ever feel sympathy for The Giant or Baldy.  
Sarah had no idea what day it was. She barely knew the month. All she could
  be certain of was that it was time to clean out the dog's pen. This was one
  of Sarah's worst chores. She hated the animals inside the pen almost as much
  as the ones on the outside. She took the bucket from its hook on the back of
  the cabin and walked toward the pen. Though she was not restrained in any way,
  Sarah knew better than to try and run. She was kept naked at all times. The
  cabin was far into the depths of the woods and Sarah had no idea how far of
  a walk it was to civilization. Add this to the fact that the men never left
  her alone long enough to get very far and Sarah was quite stuck.  
As she approached the dog pen Sarah steeled herself against the coming assault.
  The dogs never let her get very far into the pen before they started to jump
  on her. She opened the door and made her way inside. The German Shepard was
  on her first. He began sniffing her bare crotch, walking in front of her in
  a way that impeded her progress enough to let the other dogs get closer. The
  Doberman jumped up and placed its front paws on her chest, dragging mud and
  dog shit down her stomach and scratching her quite a bit. The last dog was
  the worst. He was a Saint Bernard. The dog was massive, weighing in at an easy
  120 pounds. His hair was matted and he smelled awful. When he jumped on Sarah
  she had to steel herself against the attack or she would fall in the mud. She
  had only fallen once in the past month and it had been enough. The dogs had
  swarmed her and attempted to hump her excitedly. Now Sarah was much more careful.
  She began picking up the piles of shit with her bare hands while the dogs jostled
  her and jumped at her. Sarah fought her gag reflex as the dog's shit squished
  between her fingers. The dogs were huge and the piles of shit Sarah was forced
  to pick up were also quite large. The dogs licked at her ass and cunt as she
  worked. They knew her as their bitch and could not wait until the day she made
  a mistake and wound up on her knees again. She was not allowed to scold them
  or push them away. The men had let her know that she was beneath the dogs on
  the food chain around here. If she messed up the chore in any way, The Giant
  assured her she would then have to use her mouth to clean up the pen. Sarah
  was always very careful with this chore.  
After cleaning out the pen, Sarah quickly exited and made her way to the
  woods to dump the bucket of shit. She then went to the garden hose and sprayed
  out the inside of the bucket. It was only then that she could clean herself.
  She had to use the garden hose and a bottle of flea shampoo to clean her own
  body. The Giant always said if it was good enough for the dogs, it was surely
  good enough for the cunt.  
After cleaning her body, Sarah made her way back into the house. Immediately
  upon entering, she dropped down to all fours. Sarah was never allowed to walk
  in the cabin. She was treated like an animal. She ate from a bowl on the floor
  and drank from the toilet. She was never allowed to flush the toilet and had
  to drink from it no matter what the contents were. The amazing part was that
  she could still blush at these humiliations. She was still embarrassed by her
  predicament. The shock of the acts committed on her never wore off.  
The Giant heard her enter and called her to him. He was sitting on a chair
  in the living room in a robe. "Lick my dick a while, cunt" he said. Sarah crawled
  to him and took his limp penis into her mouth. She knew exactly how to blow
  him. Sarah was an aficionado with the two cocks occupying the cabin. She new
  every nuance the two men expected. The Giant liked to be sucked slowly and
  lovingly with Sarah staring into his eyes the entire time. He wanted it to
  be a romantic blowjob just to humiliate her more. Baldy however, liked it rough.
  He enjoyed forcing Sarah to choke on his tool. As Sarah slowly licked The Giant
  to erection, he spoke to her. "We are having a visitor today cunt. A mutual
  friend is stopping by to see how you are coming along. We'll have you do a
  few tricks and then see what he has in store for you next. Oh, in case you
  haven't figured it out the man in question is your hubby". Sarah never missed
  a stroke on the cock in her mouth. She knew better than to slack off. But inside,
  her heart was breaking. She never really believed The Giant when he told her
  that her husband was responsible for her torment. Now however, she was beginning
  to doubt. She tried not to cry but the tears came anyway. The Giant started
  to laugh and said, "I can't believe you can still cry. I would have thought
  you would be used to being a pig, cunt by now. Damn bitch I do love it when
  you cry". Sarah continued sucking and looking up at the man. He laughed again
  and picked up the paper and began to read. Sarah was used to this. She spent
  most of her time being ignored by the men. It didn't matter what they were
  doing to her. They treated her like a piece of furniture. Granted a piece of
  furniture they fucked and tortured. Sarah sucked for close to an hour when
  there came a knock at the front door.  
The Giant pushed her face from his crotch and wiped his dick dry in her hair.
  He walked to the door and let the visitor in. Sarah was still on her knees
  in the living room and was shocked to see her husband, Frank, standing in the
  doorway. He laughed when he saw her naked, bruised and scratched, her lips
  still puffy from the interrupted blowjob. She didn't speak. It wasn't allowed.
  She began to cry and sob piteously at the sight of Frank laughing at her. It
  was as if somewhere inside of her a light had gone out. She was still holding
  out hope that Frank was going to save her.  
Sarah's husband didn't even speak to her. He turned instead to The Giant
  and said, "Looks like you trained her well". The Giant laughed and said, "Oh
  hell yes, she's a good little bitch now. She does whatever she's told without
  hesitation. She fucks, sucks, licks, and swallows on command. Wanna sample?" When
  Frank said yes, Sarah felt as though she would die of shame. The Giant commanded
  her to heel and she crawled to him quickly. Sarah kneeled by his side with
  her head bowed. The Giant ordered Sarah to lick Frank's feet and she bent to
  the task at once. Her tears falling on Frank's boots as she worked, Sarah felt
  she was at the end of her sanity. As she licked, the two men conversed above
  her. They commented on how natural she looked on her knees. They both loved
  the way her nipples scraped the floor as she worked. They were excited by the
  tears and happy to see her brought so low. For her part, Sarah burned with
  humiliation. She longed to ask about her son. She wanted to know why the police
  hadn't come after her. She had so many questions but could not break from her
  duty.  
The Giant told her to stop and invited Frank to sit down. He asked Frank
  if he would like a blowjob to, "take the edge off". Frank agreed and began
  to open his pants. The Giant stopped him and said, "That's a cunt's job". Frank
  looked down at his wife and told her to do her job. Sarah choked back a sob
  and moved to her husband. She unbuttoned his pants and drew out his already
  erect cock. Sarah had never really been one for fellatio and now found herself
  an expert on the subject. She took Frank's cock into her mouth and began to
  suck it gently all the while looking up at his face. Frank ignored her immediately
  and began to talk to The Giant.  
He told him about his life the past month. Frank had told people that Sarah
  had left him. He made up a convincing story about a lover and even had pictures
  to prove it. The pictures were of Sarah and The Giant of course. She remembered
  Baldy holding the camera while The Giant directed the action. He had made her
  act as though she were in love with him. They made out on the couch and moved
  to the bedroom where they had sex like two lovers. Baldy had shot the pictures
  from outside through the windows. Frank had told people a private investigator
  had taken them.  
Sarah was beginning to cry harder, her sobs adding to Frank's increasing
  pleasure. Frank told The Giant that he was filing for divorce. He spoke of
  another woman. He told The Giant he was tired of sneaking around and couldn't
  wait until enough time had passed so that he could start seeing her in public.  
Then Frank mentioned their son. He started telling The Giant about how his
  son hated Sarah now. How betrayed he felt over his mother just leaving for
  some fat guy. The Giant laughed at the description. He seemed to revel in his
  obesity. Frank went on to talk about how he and his son had closed Sarah's
  shop and sold off her belongings. It was then that Sarah could listen to no
  more. She stopped sucking Frank's cock and yelled at him, "How could you do
  this to me? I loved you. I love my son. Why would you hurt me like this?" The
  Giant was off his seat in a flash. He grabbed Sarah's hair and pulled her towards
  him. "Well, it looks like there's some life left in her after all" he said. "It
  looks like you get to see that the cunt gets punished. She knows better than
  to talk to her superiors." Sarah was caught between wanting to scream at Frank
  and not wanting the punishment. Her fear won out and she began to beg at her
  master's feet. The Giant and Frank looked down at her and smiled. They loved
  to see her so degraded. Sarah begged The Giant not to punish her. She apologized
  for her behavior and swore to be a good pig.  
 The Giant let her grovel for a while as he and Frank discussed Sarah's punishment.
  Frank wanted to see something particularly cruel and The Giant was only too
  happy to oblige. He asked Frank if he would enjoy a blowjob from the cunt out
  in the fresh air. Frank could tell by the look on the other man's face that
  he had something good in mind. He told The Giant yes and the two men began
  walking out the front door. The Giant looked back at Sarah and called out, "Heel
  bitch". Sarah quickly crawled to The Giant's side and kept pace with him like
  a good dog. As they made their way outside, The Giant grabbed a leash from
  the wall by the door and clipped it to Sarah's collar. He led her through the
  yard and over to a fallen tree near the edge of the woods. The Giant smiled
  at Frank and said, "I've got this all set up for just such an occasion". Frank
  saw immediately what he meant as he looked at the log and spotted four large
  spikes sticking out from the ground with shackles attached to them. The Giant
  ordered Sarah to lay face down over the log which she did without hesitation.
  She feared she was about to be beaten and knew better than to make it worse
  by being slow. Sarah's knees touched the ground and her wrists just made it
  to the cuffs on the other side of the log. The Giant locked her wrists and
  ankles in place and stood up to admire his work. Sarah looked quiet uncomfortable
  stretched out over the fallen tree. What made matters worse was the fact that
  her naked tits and stomach were being scratched by the bark of the tree.  
 Without saying a word, The Giant made his way over to the dog pen and simply
  unlatched the gate. The dogs were out in an instant. They ran around the yard
  in an excited frenzy. The Shepard was on Sarah first. The big dog picked up
  her scent and ran toward her barking happily. Sarah began screaming long before
  the dog reached her captive form. The other dogs ran to the sound of the scream
  and within moments of being freed they were prancing around and licking their
  bitch. The Saint Bernard was licking Sarah's face while the other two jockeyed
  for position at her ass and cunt. All three dogs licked with wild, abandonment.
  Sarah's screams turned to an incoherent babbling as she pleaded with Frank
  and The Giant to take the dogs away. She begged her master to beat her instead.
  She begged Frank to please take her away from this torturous place. She knew
  how desperately the dogs wanted a piece of her ass and was terrified at what
  that would do to her. The Giant and Frank ignored her and sat back to watch
  the action. Frank asked after his promised blowjob and The Giant told him to
  be patient.  
 It was the Doby that climbed on Sarah's back first amid her screams and
  protests. The dog stabbed quickly and repeatedly at Sarah's pussy in an attempt
  to penetrate her once sacred entrance. The men laughed at Sarah's plight and
  taunted her with words like bitch, whore, and dog fucker. Sarah was beginning
  to think her mind would take no more. Her humiliation was so intense that she
  couldn't even open her eyes. If she couldn't see the men, then her mind reasoned
  that the horror she was facing wasn't quite as terrible. Just as Sarah thought
  she might be safe from the Doberman's inept thrusts, the damned dog found the
  mark. Sarah stopped screaming and took a deep breath. She held the breath for
  several seconds as the horrible truth reached her mind. She was being fucked
  by a dog.  
 Sarah's shame was intensified by the sound of laughter coming from the two
  men watching her. They made crude comments about the energetic style of the
  dog and about how natural Sarah looked as a dog's bitch. The degraded housewife
  sobbed like a wounded animal. Her misery was so complete that she could no
  longer think about anything beyond the physical. She felt the dog's penis slamming
  into her at a rapid pace. She felt the tongue of the Shepard licking at her
  asshole between the Doberman's thrusts. She was well aware of the Saint Bernard's
  tongue scraping across her face and neck. Sarah cried and wailed like a soul
  lost forever to insanity. The men laughed at the sounds she made as the dog
  fucked her. She grunted with each thrust while sobbing non stop. The total
  effect was topped off by the tears and snot running down her face only to be
  licked off by the biggest dog.  
 Slowly Sarah's mind began to focus on other things. She pictured her wedding
  day. She thought of her son's birth and realized that a dog was now pounding
  away at the sacred place from which her son had entered the world. She had
  never felt so dirty, so defiled. She no longer felt human.  
 The dog fucking her pussy gave a quick bark and began to howl with pleasure
  as he released his load of cum into his new bitch's cunt. The Doby fucked her
  hard and fast, making sure to unload every ounce of cum. When he finished,
  the dog wandered off a few yards and began to clean himself. The Shepard saw
  this as an opportunity and quickly jumped onto the back of the pack's new fuck
  toy. He too had difficulty finding the bitch's hole and pounded hopelessly
  at her. The Giant began to laugh and walked over to help his dog. He walked
  up behind the couple and reached down between the dog's legs. The Giant grabbed
  the Shepard's cock and began to rub its length along Sarah's cunt to get the
  tool nice and wet. When he thought the cock to be lubed up enough, The Giant
  pointed it at the entrance to Sarah's ass. Sarah felt the tip of the dog's
  cock at her hole and began to buck like a wild woman. She screamed and fought
  and pleaded with the men for all she was worth. The Giant, of course, ignored
  the bound woman and slowly forced the dog's cock into her ass. Sarah had taken
  enough cock up her ass that she wasn't hurt much by the intruder, just unbelievably
  humiliated. She was in shock at the thought of her anal rape. A dog was raping
  her ass while her husband watched and laughed.  
 The Shepard lasted much longer than his doggy friend. He fucked the pink
  bitch with a vengeance. It was as if the poor dog was taking out his frustrations
  on the human woman. While the dog fucked her, Sarah became aware of a growing
  pain in her tits. The rough log was scraping the delicate flesh like sandpaper.
  The pain in her tits became more intense as the ass fucking gained momentum.
  The dog pounded Sarah's ass for almost 45 minutes before raising its head and
  howling in triumph. It unloaded spurt after spurt of cum into the exhausted
  woman's cunt. The dog came so much that cum was pouring down Sarah's legs.
  When the Shepard finally finished he pulled out with an audible plop and moved
  off to clean himself just like his friend.  
 The Saint Bernard moved in to take his place immediately. When the big dog
  climbed up on Sarah's back she made an involuntary gasp. The dog was huge.
  It pushed Sarah's abused tits into the tree with great force. With one thrust
  of his great bulk, the dog was inside Sarah's stretched out asshole. The only
  trouble was that the dog was much bigger than the Shepard. Its cock was enormous.
  Sarah couldn't even scream. Her mouth hung open in shock and pain. It was at
  this second that The Giant made his move. He leaned over and shoved a ring
  gag into Sarah's mouth. The gag forced her mouth to stay open but left plenty
  of room for a cock to fit in as well. Tears ran down Sarah's face and mixed
  with the drool that was beginning to leak from her open mouth. The Giant motioned
  to Frank and said, "I thought you might enjoy that blowjob more this way".
  Frank thought the offer was fantastic. He quickly whipped out his cock and
  moved in front of Sarah. Frank made sure he caught her eye as he shoved his
  cock into her waiting mouth. He ordered Sarah to look him in the eyes while
  he fucked her face. The two men talked about the way Sarah looked at the moment.
  Here she was being fucked in the ass by a huge, smelly, dog while she sucked
  the cock of the man who put her in this position. The double pounding combined
  with the scraping of her tits was excruciating for Sarah. Frank and the dog
  had built up a rhythm of each thrusting to meet the other's forward stroke.
  The effect left Sarah smashed in the middle. The fucking was brutal and intense
  and lasted forever.  
 The two cocks beat the poor woman relentlessly. Her shame was made worse
  by the fact that The Giant watched every move. She knew he was enjoying this
  very much. Sarah found no pleasure in the double rape, only humiliation and
  terrible degradation. She felt like the shit she cleaned from the dog's pen.
  She felt as though her life had meant nothing. She had loving parents, an adoring
  son, and a wonderful husband once. Now, however, she was nothing but a dog's
  bitch. A hole for any cock that wanted her. She remembered tender lovemaking
  as a dream from her past. Now there was only horrible fucking. Sarah had been
  reduced to 3 wet holes just waiting to be filled by any beast that sniffed
  her out.  
 Sarah's thoughts were interrupted by a terrible pain in her ass. The dog
  had slowed his thrusts and was now pushing forward with great abandon. Frank
  too slowed and watched in awe as the dog stuffed its baseball sized knot into
  the woman's ass. Sarah screamed in agony around Frank's cock. The vibrations
  caused by her voice brought her husband close to the edge. He began fucking
  Sarah's face faster. As Frank fucked into the bitch's mouth, his motion pushed
  Sarah's ass onto the dog's cock harder and harder. The dog was the first to
  cum. It howled and whined and exploded into its bitch's ass. Frank became so
  turned on be the look of defeat and pain in Sarah's eyes that he too let go.
  Sarah swallowed Frank's cum to keep from choking all the while grimacing in
  pain from the dog's knot.  
Frank pulled out and squirted a few times onto Sarah's face. He cleaned his
  cock in her hair and zipped it back into his pants. Without even looking back
  at his wife, Frank and The Giant made their way back to the cabin laughing
  and joking the whole way. Sarah heard them talking about leaving her out all
  night with the dogs. They thought it was a fitting punishment for her transgression.
  Sarah could not believe her ears. They were leaving her to be raped repeatedly
  by the dog just for speaking out once. She knew her behavior had to change.
  She must respect her masters more. The Saint Bernard was tied to Sarah's ass
  for quite some time. It didn't take long for the other dogs to find the cum
  on her face and the wide open hole that was her mouth. It looked to be a long
  night for the pack's new bitch.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DionysusMas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





