BDSM Library - The Ruler




The Ruler
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Eden followed his instructions to the letter; for any small deviation would be considered disobedience and result in more punishment. Waiting was for her dominant lover was the most difficult and thrilling part. Waiting submissively . . . dressed in nothing but her black bra, silk thigh highs with lacy top bands, and impossibly high, black heels. She knelt on the Oriental rug before the door that would admit him, both anticipating and dreading that particular moment.    
The Ruler   
&copy; 2005 by Frances LaGatta   
Waiting for her illicit, Dominant lover was the most exciting and frightfully
  fearsome experience. In the interim between the time she expected him to arrive,
  and his actual appearance, Eden's imagination always played a dozen mental
  scenarios, each one more carnal and salacious than the last. . .or were they
  merely remembered flashes of former times spent with a masterful maestro who
  never failed to surprise her with his unique sexual music?  
To reflect on her misdeeds before he arrived was difficult. Her petulant
  mood had been the reason she had missed dinner. He had calmly announced she
  was overdue for an 'attitude adjustment.' Under the candlelit table, she had
  dutifully slipped out of her lacy black panties beneath her slinky black dress.
  She wadded them up and handed them to him, hoping the overly solicitous waiter
  didn't notice. Embarrassed face burning, she knew better than to take a single
  one of her Dominant's 'suggestions' lightly. As he casually sipped his wine
  and perused the menu, she got up. Heart in her throat, she exited the crowded
  restaurant, acutely conscious of his eyes giving her erring ass a lashing,
  or was it a roomful of stares that followed her every shaky movement the whole
  long, agonizing walk to the elevators?  
Alone in their room, she followed his instructions to the letter; for any
  small deviation would be considered disobedience and result in more punishment.
  Waiting was the most difficult and thrilling part. Waiting submissively . .
  . dressed in nothing but her black bra, silk thigh highs with lacy top bands,
  and impossibly high, black heels. Eden knelt on the Oriental rug before the
  door that would admit him, both anticipating and dreading that particular moment.
  There was something enthralling about kneeling like this, putting herself on
  display for the master eroticist. It always made her sex soaking wet. With
  a shiver, she set his chosen 'instrument of punishment' down and settled her
  bottom back onto her heels. The twelve inch wooden ruler seemed to point a
  stern and direct line right to her sodden pussy. Her mind swamped with images
  of him unbuttoning his black cuffs and rolling up his sleeves, exposing his
  slightly veined, hairy forearms. She could almost see his white knuckles, the
  strength is his fist clenched around the base of the ruler. How his elegantly
  tapered fingers would expertly flex and then wield the wicked looking thing.
  She could almost hear it whizzing the air before the first harsh crack was
  delivered to his palm. The mere thought made her clit pulse in pre-orgasmic
  confusion. But then again, she knew full well he wanted to keep her off balance.  
Eden arched her back and obediently removed her bra. Full rich breasts exposed
  to the cool air, she began to fondle her large nipples, bringing the sleepy,
  rosy brown discs to hardened peaks. Without hesitation, albeit with a wince,
  she attached the silver clothes pins he had gifted her with to each prominent
  nipple. How she loved the slight bite that mirrored the nip of his square white
  teeth. Breathing heavily, her breasts rose and fell, the loop of dangling chain
  sensually brushing her torso like a lover's strict whisper.  
 Footsteps in the hall! Her spine shot straighter and her heart pounded wildly
  in her chest. Eden quickly spread her knees farther apart, and hands on her
  thighs, she turned her palms upward as he had taught her. She had already displeased
  him once tonight; she would NOT make that mistake again!  
Would pleasure alight in his smoky gray eyes when he opened the door and
  took in the site of her? Or would he simply take a seat in the big leather
  chair, cross his lean legs, coolly light a cigar, and leisurely study her delightfully
  sore breasts, her hungry pussy, all offered openly to him. How long would he
  keep her on hold in this manner? He often told her she was hopelessly impatient.
  Yet, the unbearable anticipation never failed to electrify her every nerve
  ending.  
Minutes ticked by and her fantasies grew hotter, wilder, more lascivious.
  Would he reach down, hook a single finger beneath the chain and tug up and
  release, up and release, making her ample breasts bounce, humiliatingly so,
  as if jogging topless? The very first time he played with her breasts while
  she sucked him he had gripped her wrist, discharging his come into her astonished
  palm. Then he sat back in his chair to watch as she anointed her face and breasts
  with monumental release. Without so much as word, she had learned . . . no
  matter how expert a female was at oral ministrations, she could never use this
  talent to dissuade him from punishing her or use it as a power over him.  
And what did he intend to do with her panties? Would he stuff them into her
  mouth to muffle her hollering when he punished her ass cheeks with that formidable
  ruler? It would leave angry welts across her flesh. Burning red stripes of
  pure pain. . . .  
Eden preferred the more intimate contact when draped over his knees, inhaling
  his musky cologne and male scent while she clutched his strong thighs for support.
  How she adored the feel of his fingers and nails sensually skimming her flesh,
  and then mauling her bottom, alternating pleasure and pain, raising heat and
  circulation and arousal to a fever pitch. She could almost feel his fingers
  delving into her slippery slot. Would he order her to splay her ass cheeks?
  Moisten her anal bud with her own juices, masculine digit pressing steadily,
  slowly entering her rectum until sheathed. Her bottom hole quivered at the
  thought of his finger emulating the eventual rhythm of his cock. On the verge
  of spiraling into oblivion, his palm would crack down on her unsuspecting cheeks,
  putting a cruel stop to what she mewed for. While she shrieked and wiggled
  under his relentless smacks, his erection riding her hip, she always longed
  for the moment she was pushed off his lap. Would he stand, unzip his trousers
  without ceremony, and command her to suck his cock? And kneeling before him
  with eyes brimming, all she wanted was to worship his manhood with her lips
  and tongue and throat. To suck him dry, right here, right now.  
Oh he knew what he was doing to her, making her hunger this way! Making her
  wait until she was ready to explode! Was he thinking these very thoughts while
  he dinned? And how could he possibly eat when she was so very hungry . . .
  and for more than the taste of food. The waiting only increased her anxiety
  and desire, made her hot and greedy to have him rut in her mouth, her cunt,
  and her bottom -- his mistress to her core.  
Eden forced herself to concentrate on the terrible instrument of punishment
  between her thighs. This session was a test. It was never about what she wanted.
  Her body was not her own. Her ass and pussy and tits belonged to him, to do
  with as he pleased. She realized HE would prefer to see her bent over the desk,
  unbound, but mentally bound to him just the same, presenting her willing ass
  to him. After each hateful crack with the hated ruler, he would take pleasure
  in the site of her inelegant dancing. While she rubbed at her stinging red
  ass, he would indicate the desk with an implacable nod. The ruler would suddenly
  smack down on the surface and she would quickly reassume the position, struggling
  to maintain it for ten solid licks of fire, asking him nicely for each. And
  without the dance of pain, a long, liberating song of bliss would escape from
  her throat.  
Suddenly the door cracked opened. Eden gave a start, and she mewed with trepidation
  and need.  
Her 'Ruler' had entered the room.  
For more stories by Frances LaGatta click www.eroticabyfranceslagatta.com  
http://eroticabyfranceslagatta.com/  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Frances LaGatta


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





