BDSM Library - The Spa




The Spa
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Richard Nicholson hears of every man's dream...a special spa that caters to erotic desires.  Richard finds his way into the capable hands of Ahn, a special massuse, who gives him that "special" massage.  This is EVERY man's dream...The Spa   
By: Michael Alexander  
Michaelalexander7575@yahoo.com   
Author's Note: This is story is radically different from the many others
  that I have written, and even radically different from those normally found
  on the BDSM Library. There is no torture, no pain, no non-consensual sex, no
  bondage, and not even any spanking. This is merely an intense sexual experience,
  light in taste, and totally consensual. So why read it? Because I think that
  almost every man will tell you that this fantasy is one he would want to live.  
 Richard Nicholson squinted down at the small handwriting scribbled across
  the tiny paper in his hand. His eyes darted continuously between the rain lashed
  roadway and the directions, trying to maintain some semblance of safety as
  he twisted the leather bound wheel back and forth. He was certainly nervous,
  a ridged tenseness that echoed through him like a tightly strung harp.  
 His hair was thinning on top, but still a dark brown that had once been
  sandy blonde, and even longer before had been the stark white of childhood.
  He wore a thick mustache as well, trying to look wiser and more mature, a tactic
  that more often failed. He was of average height, and average weight, neither
  fat nor thin&hellip;the perfect non-descript man.  
 "There it is!" He muttered to himself, flipping on his turn signal and moving
  over, raising a wash of water that cascaded over the curb. He glanced at the
  bright lights ahead and slowed to turn into the small half hidden strip mall
  hanging beneath the massive concrete bridges where two interstate highways
  met.  
 Richard had heard of this place several weeks before while having lunch
  with several of his coworkers at the office. The idea of it intrigued him and
  despite the extreme cost, he began to think maybe the experience was worth
  the money. It had taken all his courage to finally make the decision, but once
  it was made Richard set out with determination.  
 He had always been timid around women, shy and uncommunicative. In a world
  where women expect to be pursued and turn down countless men, no female had
  ever noticed Richard hiding in the background. His own insecurities had always
  kept him from striking up conversations and except for one disastrous experience
  in eighth grade that still   embarrassed him, his knowledge
  of female anatomy was gained primarily in front of his computer.  
 The front of his car tilted up as he entered the lot. A small Irish pub
  sat at one end of the strip mall, a forgotten shamrock tackily hung on the
  front door. Further down was a tobacco and pipe shop, no doubt languishing
  under the city's new public smoking ban. Then was the 24 Hour News and Video
  store&hellip;another triple X rated location taking advantage of a loop hole
  in the city ordnance by displaying a few moldering newspapers and pop culture
  magazines in a tiny book case at the front.  
 But that wasn't where Richard was going. It was the last storefront on the
  strip, the one with the darkened windows and the red neon light. Slowly he
  turned into a free parking space. His heart thudded as a roll of heavy thunder
  shook around him. The rain pounded onto his windshield and he almost put the
  car in reverse. He glanced at the clock&hellip;almost seven p.m&hellip;.right
  on time.  
 He parked and turned off the engine, watching little wafts of steam rise
  from the hood. He put the keys in the pocket of his blazer and patted both
  pockets, making sure the heavy folds were right where they were supposed to
  be. He almost pulled them out and counted them, but he knew they were both
  the correct amounts.  
 Richard gritted his teeth and yanked the door handle open, darting quickly
  out into the pouring rain. He slammed the door shut as the cascading water
  soaked him to the skin. Three steps took him to the sidewalk and the covered
  auspice where he shook the excess water from his shoulders and hair, slicking
  it back.  
 Slowly he turned and looked at the door in front of him. With a trembling
  hand he opened it, ignoring the "24 Hours" sign to the left. He entered the
  store front, his body shaking and his heart beating. He swallowed and moved
  forward into the reception area.  
 The room was sparsely furnished. A fake looking plastic tree stood in one
  corner next to an old leather armchair. A small coffee table stood in the center
  of the room covered with magazines obviously purchased from next door, several
  years before if their thumbed look was any indication. A modern looking automatic
  teller machine stood opposite the service window which was covered with frosted
  glass. A large cheap plastic clock hung on the wall next to several official
  looking business documents mounted in a cheap plastic frame.  
 Richard approached the window and cleared his voice, raising his hand to
  rap on the glass. It slid back however, startling him. A small diminutive woman
  sat on the other side behind a counter. Her long straight black hair cascaded
  down her back and the angled arch of her eyebrows gave her oriental cast the
  same exotic cast all females of her race possessed.  
 Richard jumped as her jaw moved and a loud snap came from her chewing gum.
  She smiled at him as he stared apprehensively, and then blew a large bubble.
  It exploded and her red lips managed to retrieve the burst balloon and return
  it to her mouth in an oddly appealing way.  
 "Hi&hellip;are you Richard?" She asked, her voice a soft lilting soprano.  
 Richard swallowed hard and nodded. "Uh&hellip;yes ma'am."  
 She smiled again. "Payment is due before services." Her gum clacked again,
  an ignoble insistent irritant.  
 Richard nodded and dug his fingers into his pant's pocket, digging out a
  wad of twenties held together by a rubber band. He didn't bother to count it,
  merely handing over the entire sum. The girl behind the counter quickly removed
  the money from the window sill, the rubber band snapping like her gum as she
  ran through the bills, counting.  
 Finally she nodded and tucked the money under the counter, looking up at
  Richard. "Why don't you come on back and choose a girl, sir. We're a little
  overstaffed cause of the storm." There was an electronic buzz and Richard saw
  the inner office door pop open. With a few tentative steps he broached the
  inner threshold.  
 He found himself in a dimly lit hallway and the office girl suddenly appeared,
  motioning him to a small room immediately to his left. He entered it, his heart
  hammering, expecting&hellip;something. But he found a large easy chair and
  a few lamps.  
 "Please wait here. The girls will be with you in a moment." The receptionist
  smiled and exited, closing the door behind her.  
 Richard gripped the arms of the easy chair tightly, his throat tight. He
  looked around the room, noting the Oriental art and prints hanging from the
  walls, the tiny pot of bamboo, and the cork silhouette in a black frame. There
  was a pleasant scent in the room, of incense and musk, and Richard found himself
  breathing deeply. It seemed to alleviate some of his fears and he found himself
  starting to relax.  
 A moment later the door opened and he stiffened again as four young girls
  entered the room. Each had the same glorious oriental cast the receptionist
  possessed, as well as the diminutive size and shape that so many found desirable
  in oriental women. Richard's heart skipped a beat as he stared at each of the
  girls.  
 The first was the tallest, her thick black hair almost touching her shoulders.
  Her lithe body was covered in the thinnest of silk chemises, and oddly European
  contrast to offset her Asian heritage. His eyes drank in the sight of her,
  smiling, seeming to pose for him.  
 The second girl was a bit older than the others, easily into her early twenties
  and Richard supposed she was probably much older than that. Almost all oriental
  women looked younger than they were, and these four girls were no exception.
  Her silk robe was parted down the front, showing a flash of white cream colored
  flesh that rose too two blue silk covered bumps. It was short, showing of a
  pair of long ivory legs that ended in a pair of high heels. Richard swallowed
  again, but this time from desire, rather than nervousness.  
 The third woman was the smallest, but her face seemed cruel to him. Like
  the first, she wore a chemise the color of lime green and Richard was able
  to move his eyes away from her quickly, despite the shapeliness of her body.
  The final girl stood demurely, her eyes downcast. She was dressed in the traditional
  silk kimono of her homeland, a white background with red flowers imprinted
  on it. The bottom of the kimono hung at her ankles, baring the tiniest feet
  Richard had seen on a grown woman.  
 But it was her face and hands that caused his heart to thump and his loins
  to quicken. Her fingers were long and delicate, each painted with the lightest
  shade of red on the nails. Her face was that of a teenage girl, though her
  body held the full curves of a grown woman. He dipped his head trying to look
  into her eyes and he saw into the dark liquid russet eyes, despite her attempt
  to turn away.  
 The receptionist had watched the entire process from the doorway and she
  stepped forward after a minute. She looked expectantly at Richard, who finally
  nodded.  
 "Uh&hellip;um&hellip;I like her." He pointed toward the final girl, the
  one dressed in the kimono.  
 The receptionist nodded. "I'm sure Anh will be perfect for you sir." The
  other three girls gave slightly chagrined looks and left the room, talking
  to one another in the odd angular language of their homeland. The girl in the
  kimono stayed still and silent until the others had left.  
 Richard waited. Finally she lifted her head and flashed a gorgeous smile
  at him, soft and exotic. She took a step forward. Her tongue ran across her
  lips as she wetted them and then knelt down before Richard. Her face turned
  up to his as she began to remove his shoes.  
 "What are you seeking tonight, sir?" She asked, her voice a series of soft
  musical notes.  
 Richard's eyes flew open. "Well I&hellip;uh&hellip;I&hellip;I made arrangements."  
 Anh laughed softly. "Oh yes, your massage will be totally within those arrangements,
  sir. I know about that."  
 Understanding dawned on Richard. "Oh! I'm sorry. I'm kind of new at this." He
  leaned in the chair and dug into his right pocket. Another wad of cash, much
  smaller and without the rubber band came out. This one was made of fifties.
  He held it out to the young woman. "I'd like everything, please."  
 Ahn smiled, looking pleased as she accepted the money. Her thumb dug through
  the cash and then she slipped the entire bundle into a pocket sewn onto the
  inside of the kimono. Richard watched as a sliver of creamy flesh was bared.  
 "I will be happy to serve you." She rose and moved his shoes to a small
  table to the side of the room behind the chair. "Come, sir." She held out her
  hand. Richard stood and grasped it as she pulled him through the doorway.  
 Together they walked down the hallway, Richard feeling a little stunned
  and a trifle embarrassed at his wet clothes and bedraggled appearance. Anh's
  body seemed to move like a sirens under the kimono and she led him past several
  closed doors. Finally Richard seemed to smell incense and soap and the scent
  of heated water. Anh turned a corner and Richard saw a tub half sunken in the
  floor. Anh pulled him up several steps and he felt the heavy bamboo flooring
  under his feet. The water in the tub was bubbling and steaming and a heavy
  ceramic tray carrying several terra cotta pots stood next to the edge of spa.  
 Anh turned to Richard and helped him remove his coat. The idea of the warm
  spa relaxed him, and he felt less threatened. Anh took his blazer and hung
  it on a small clothes rack at the side of the room. She returned quickly, her
  small feet padding on the rush padding and her fingers began unbuttoning the
  small white buttons of his shirt.  
 Richard sucked in his gut, despite the lack of the usual middle age beer
  belly. For some reason, he felt he needed to look his best for this petite
  girl. Her fingers trailed down his chest, feeling the black curls before she
  pulled his shirt tails from his pants. Her arms rose and she pushed the shirt
  off his shoulders, her fingertips trailing down his arms. Richard shivered
  as goose bumps rose and he felt a delicious tingle.  
 Once more Anh moved to the clothes rack and hung his shirt. Richard watched
  as she moved back and forth, her body swaying enticingly under her kimono.
  Finally her fingers found the silver buckle of his belt and he let her pull
  it from his pants and drape it over her shoulder. The sound of his zipper sliding
  caused another twinge of anxiety, but the totally trusting look in her eyes
  quelled the feeling. He felt her fingers slide along his shaft, still covered
  by a set of boxers he had purchased just for this trip. She hooked her fingers
  in the waistband of the soft cotton boxers and she sank before him, pulling
  his trousers and boxers downward, baring his loins.  
 Richard felt awkward stepping out of his clothes, standing there only in
  his socks. Anh took his pants and boxers and placed them with the rest of his
  things and turned to find Richard's cock standing straight out. Richard looked
  embarrassed and moved his hands over his ridged member.  
 Ahn came forward again and took his hands, moving them to the side. Gently,
  she cupped her fingers around the soft skin of his hardened rod and slid them
  up and down, lightly stroking the skin. Richard let out a groan as he felt
  his cock tremble. He bit his lip and desperately tried to keep from exploding
  in a white cream.  
 Ahn laughed a tiny giggle of mischief and she sank to her knees before him.
  Her fingers trailed down his legs to his feet and she removed his socks as
  he lifted each foot for her. As the second sock was pulled off, she leaned
  forward and placed her mouth over the tip of Richard's shaft, sucking the tip
  into her tiny rosebud mouth. Richard moaned, clenching his fists as he felt
  her tongue sliding round the edge of his shaft.  
 There was a spasm and then Richard felt his control falter and there was
  a tiny burst. Ahn seemed to sense it coming and one hand enclosed the base
  of his cock, her mouth taking him in deeply. Her other hand came up and slowly
  made a single caress of his sack and he emptied himself into her mouth.  
 It was a shuddering orgasm and Richard felt the tremors all the way up to
  his heart. He stared down at the petite girl whose mouth formed a perfect circle
  around his shaft. Her eyes were bright as she sucked down the entire contents,
  stroking those sensitive tissues that pleasured him immensely. The wave ebbed
  and then ceased and Richards cock slowly softened, still locked in Ahn's soft
  mouth.  
 Finally she released him, smiling and she stood up with not a drop upon
  her ruby lips. "Do not worry, sir. This will make it easier for the rest of
  your stay." Richard nodded.  
 Anh took his socks over to the clothes rack and then returned. Holding out
  her dainty hand, she led him to the sunken tub and helped him step into the
  bubbling water. It was very warm and Richard felt his body adjust to the temperature
  as he sank to his waist. He felt an odd pedestal in the center of the tub,
  rising to just a few inches below the surface of the water. A bench surrounded
  the edge of the tub, deep under the water and he sank until the water lapped
  at his chin.  
 Anh stood at the steps leading into the tub and she smiled at him. Slowly
  she untied the sash of her kimono, opening it until the flash of white at her
  neck became a long strip between her breasts. She pulled at the silk and Richard
  saw her entire body for the first time. Her breasts, two perfectly formed mounds
  of cream stood upright, tight and tipped with the smallest pink buds. Her stomach
  was flat, with barely a ripple of baby fat. Her skin seemed perfect, almost
  air brushed perfect, and Richard felt a new stir of life from his loins.  
 Her sex was shaven, a bare slit without even a small sliver to guide the
  way. She wore no piercings except for the two tiny diamond studs in her ears.
  For some reason, this seemed more elegant, more fashionable to Richard, who
  was certainly used to seeing pictures of girls with navel, clit, and nipple
  piercings.  
 The kimono fell to the floor at the edge of the tub and she entered the
  spa. For a second, Richard marveled at her feet, so tiny, as they entered the
  water. She slid into the water like a sylph, sinking to her shoulders, not
  even wetting her short straight schoolgirl hair.  
 He wasn't sure what to expect as she came into the water, but she moved
  directly too him. He felt her legs against his and suddenly she was straddling
  his lap, kneeling on the bench to either side of his body. Her breasts rose
  from the water, inches from his face. His cock once more hardened, despite
  the heat of the water, and he felt it press up against her flesh.  
 Ahn smiled. "You like me much." She laughed once more and then leaned into
  him, her arms reaching behind his head. He let out a pleasurable gasp as his
  face was encased in the soft pressure of her full breasts. The scent of her
  was intoxicating, a soft aroma of flowers and fruit intermingled. Her skin
  was like ivory, a delightfully supple experience that he merely wanted to continue,
  on and on.  
 She pulled back and Richard saw that she was holding one of the terra cotta
  pots in her hand. He turned his head and saw the ceramic tray directly behind
  him, still holding a collection of unguents and soaps. She unstoppered the
  jar and dipped in, removing a thick white glob of the contents.  
 "You sit in center please." Anh said, moving off his lap and motioning to
  the center pedestal.  
 Richard rose and stood, feeling the pedestal. It was easily wide enough
  to sit on, so he lifted himself up, feeling the heat of the steam replace the
  warmth of the water. His back, arms, and chest were completely exposed, as
  was the tip of his now hard cock. Ahn moved behind him and he felt her hands
  begin to move against his back. They seemed to glide and he felt the soft spread
  of the soap.  
 Her hands made circular motions, long wheels of caresses that seemed to
  tingle. Her knowing fingers slid from his neck to the base of his spine and
  he felt himself relaxing, softening under her motions. He looked down and saw
  that the heat had caused his hardness to melt, once more making him impotent.  
 She slid her arms around him and he felt the press of her breasts on his
  back. Her fingers slid from his shoulders down to his fingers and she swayed
  behind him, using her breasts to rub him, sliding around in circles. Her hands
  found their way to his chest and he felt her fingertips encircle his nipples,
  tantalizing them as they rubbed the soap over and around his abdomen.  
 A long loud sigh of pleasure came from his mouth as she moved around to
  his front. Once more he enjoyed the sight of her breasts, this time covered
  in the soft suds of soap. She pushed his legs apart and moved between them,
  standing with her belly pressed against his cock. She leaned inward and began
  twisting her body against his, rubbing his chest with her breasts.  
 Richard wrapped his arms around her, feeling her body writhe inside his
  embrace. It was like nothing he had ever felt before and her tiny form seemed
  to know exactly what to do to cause pleasure. He even began to feel himself
  harden again.  
 Ahn seemed to notice too and she disentangled herself and wet to the ceramic
  tray. "You sit on edge?" she asked him, pointing to the edge of the tub and
  Richard obediently moved, lifting himself up and sitting with his calves still
  in the water. It was a different bottle she carried this time as she moved
  between his legs, spreading them. She knelt on the bench and slowly poured
  a generous amount of the liquid into her palm. Carefully she reached up and
  grasped his shaft, sliding her palm up and down against it.  
 Richard groaned and immediately his rod sprang to life, hardening as she
  touched him. There was a spicy scent that mixed immediately with the soap and
  Richard inhaled deeply. Anh seemed to concentrate, making sure that every fold
  of skin was coated and that his entire cock was oiled. Her fingers then found
  their way to his scrotum and gently caressed him there as well. Richard closed
  his eyes as her hands massaged him, kneading and stroking him until he felt
  his cock swell once more.  
 "You lean back please?" Ahn asked, her hands sinking beneath the water and
  grasping the soles of his feet.  
 Richard complied, placing his hands behind him and leaning back. Ahn lifted
  his legs and spread them, one leg going to the side of the spa, the other she
  placed upon her shoulder. Richard, totally aware, tried to keep as much of
  the weight off her as possible.  
 "No no!" Ahn said. "Relax leg. I hold up."  
 Richard nodded and let the tension slide from his muscles. Ahn seemed much
  stronger than her diminutive form looked and her hands once more filled with
  oil. He felt her fingers move up his thighs and then back to his balls. His
  body clenched however, when one delicate finger moved downward to his bottom.
  Slowly, she massaged his prostate, working the oil around in even slightly
  into his sphincter. Richard groaned, never have experienced something so intense.
  Her other hand suddenly wrapped around his cock, squeezing it and stroking
  it quickly as she pressed her finger inside him.  
 Richard tensed as he felt himself rising once more, a primal throb that
  threatened to break loose. He groaned and tensed when Anh let go, moving away
  and out into the water, taking hold of his foot. Richard looked up and felt
  her grasp his ankle. He felt the shudder go through his loins as his rod stepped
  back from the precipice of orgasm. Anh lowered his soap covered foot until
  the sole was pressed against her breast. He felt a slight tingle from the bottom
  of his foot as she began to rub the arch of his foot against the tight button
  of her nipple. He felt the hard bump and it tickled and tantalized him, but
  in ways he had never dreamed of.  
 She used the soft curves of her flesh to massage the bottoms of both is
  feet, then pulled him back into the warm and comforting embrace of the water.
  As he settled once more onto the bench, Anh slipped into his lap, taking his
  hands and placing them on her breasts.  
 "You like?" she asked him as he held her, his thumbs almost involuntarily
  stroking the tiny nipples.  
 Richard nodded, his face filled with the scent of her hair. "Oh yes. You
  are totally incredible." Ahn seemed to wriggle for a moment and then she turned
  and smiled at him. "You soft again."  
 "It's the heat in the water, I think. I know that I get hard when you touch
  me."  
 Ahn nodded as if contemplating Richard's explanation. She slipped off his
  lap and pulled him forward until his arms rested on the pedestal. Richard relaxed
  as she took a small pitcher from the ceramic tray and dipped it under the water.
  Slowly, she poured the contents over Richard's head, wetting his hair. Another
  jar yielded shampoo and Richard sighed as Anh leaned her body against his back,
  running her fingers through his hair as she washed him. Once more she rinsed
  him, letting the suds seep from his hair into the water. Her fingers rubbed
  his temples, his neck, and then his shoulders.  
 Richard sighed happily. When he had heard about this place he had wondered
  how such wonderful things could happen to a man. The little na&iuml;f who stroked
  his body, stimulated him in such erotic and exotic ways was more than he could
  have dreamed possible. He shook his head, wondering how he could have missed
  this.  
 Anh seemed to take a moment to pause, resting herself across his back and
  shoulders. He could feel her heartbeat, the softness of her breasts, and even
  the pressure of her loins pressed into his buttocks. Her cheek lay softly against
  his neck and for a moment, they merely enjoyed each other.  
 "Come." Ahn said, rising and moving toward the steps. Richard rose from
  the pedestal and stood, stepping toward the stair and taking the glistening
  dripping girl's hand. Together they stepped from the spa and Ahn took a large
  cotton towel from a pile and began drying him. His body felt relaxed, totally
  clean, and he watched as the little oriental girl toweled him dry.  
 When she was finished, she handed him a terry cloth robe, holding it open
  so that he could slip his arms into the garment. Quickly, she dried herself,
  dumping the used towel in a basket near the door. She took his hand, still
  totally naked, and led him toward the door.  
 Anh padded out into the hall, her hand holding her charge as she led him
  to a new room. This one had a door and she opened it, letting his eyes adjust
  to the soft lights and candles. The room was full of scents, complimentary
  and very exotic. In one corner of the room a mattress laid upon the floor,
  covered in soft sheets, pillows, and an oriental spread. More art like what
  he had seen in the reception area stood on small corner tables, except for
  the table by the bed, which was littered with a collection of vials and bottles
  so much like the ceramic tray in the bathing room.  
 A large silver mirror embedded in the wall was at one side of the room,
  and Richard paused momentarily to wonder if it was two way. His mind churned
  as he realized it had to be&hellip;so that someone could check on the safety
  of the petite girl with him. He shoved the sudden thoughts of a video camera
  out of his mind, as the lighting in the room would create such a poor image
  that the film would be useless except as a voyeur tape.  
 "Please? I take robe? You lay down." Ahn said, her English still broken
  and sparse.  
 Richard smiled and raised his arms as Ahn tugged the terry cloth robe off
  his body. She hung it on a hook screwed to the back of the door and she turned
  and led him to the mattress. She pushed him down, rolling him over onto his
  stomach.  
 "You relax. Me work." She said to him, the clinking sound of a bottle coming
  to his ears.  
 Richard pillowed his face with his arms as he felt the mattress shift. A
  heavy warmth straddled him across his bottom and he turned enough to see Anh
  sitting, her knees to either side of his hips. The pink slit of her sex was
  spread across his rear. She lifted the bottle and poured a liberal amount of
  oil into one hand. Richard expected her to begin massaging him, but instead
  she brought her oiled fingers to her own breasts, rubbing the thick scented
  oil across her bosom. Richard shifted as he felt the now familiar stirrings
  in his shaft and she smiled at him.  
 Her hands trailed down to her slit and Richard couldn't see what she was
  doing to herself, only feeling the slight movements of her fingers above his
  rear. Suddenly her hands were on his shoulders and he felt her drop, lowering
  herself down upon his body. Her weight was negligible, a few pounds of pressure
  that Richard accepted easily.  
 She began to move, sliding up and down across his back. Richard sighed as
  he felt her limbs and breasts caress him, gliding over his spine in soft spirals.
  She moved like smoke, like a wraith, like a spill of oil across water. Tingling
  feelings arose through his entire body as she stroked him, massaging away every
  last tension, every last fear and concern from his mind.  
 Her felt her legs part and the soft wetness of her slit slide down his leg.
  All the way down to the heel of his foot her body went, leaving a trail of
  moisture. The spicy scent of the oil mixed with Anh's own lubricants hung in
  the air, a heady aroma, enthralling.  
 Back and forth she moved until every inch of his body had felt either her
  breasts or her sex. She lay back down upon him once more, pressing her breasts
  into the space beneath his shoulder blades. Her soft breaths were like a soothing
  balm and a feeling of peace and docile pleasure descended.  
 "Turn upside down please." Anh said, her voice a huskier whispering beast.
  Her eyes danced as he turned over, his ridged cock springing upward quickly.
  Once more Anh straddled him, but this time over his chest, the wet and splayed
  petals of her sex glistening inches from his face. He watched as she poured
  another handful of oil into her hands and then let the oil dribble downward,
  over her breasts and belly, to pool on Richard's chest.  
 Slowly she leaned down, letting her ample bosom touch his collar bone. Slowly
  she slid downward, dragging both of her breasts down across his chest. He moaned
  as he felt the soft globes against him and he clenched his fists, resisting
  the impulse to reach out and grasp the young girl, pulling her too him.  
 His shaft pulsed once as something struck the tip and he gasped as he felt
  the soft flesh of her sex seem to part and spread around the tip of his cock.
  He looked downward and saw her face. With deep concentration she moved, letting
  only the first inch of Richard's cock enter her pliable well.  
 Richard couldn't take it and pushed upward, trying to drive himself into
  the tiny girl who sat astride him. His hips lifted and he felt his cock move
  deeper, pushing aside the soft wet folds of her sex. But Ahn lifted herself
  as well, pulling herself off the rising shaft and avoiding the impending penetration.  
 She gave him a knowing smile and slid downward toward Richard's knees, once
  more pressing her sex against his leg. Richard sighed in disappointment, but
  relaxed once more as her breasts came in contact with his abdomen, moving in
  swirling circles. His shaft throbbed as finally the soft globes of her bosom
  moved to surround him, encasing him in billowy softness.  
 Ahn propped herself up on her elbows, her delicate hands pushing the sides
  of her breasts, squeezing Richard's cock between them. Back and forth she moved,
  letting her creamy mounds massage the entire length of Richard's manhood. He
  moaned, arching his back as he experienced the oily softness of Anh's chest.
  Back and forth she rubbed him until he felt as if he was only moments away
  from exploding.  
 Once more she lifted her body, allowing his cock to fall away, glistening
  with oil, ridged with desire, and in total desperation as her willowy touch
  stopped the intense stimulation. She slid downward and Richard wondered if
  she would take him into her mouth. Instead she began massaging his legs, her
  own thighs, breasts, and belly sliding along his muscles.  
 Richard tried relaxing, but the throbbing in his cock kept him completely
  focused upon her body. He felt her wetness trail down his leg until his left
  foot was locked between her legs. He watched with desire as she swayed, then
  lifted up and lowered her moist sex directly onto his outstretched toes.  
 Richard felt her warm folds surround his large toe and for a moment marveled
  at the sensation. Anh began bouncing slightly, slipping him inside deeply.
  Her face became inscrutable, taut and tense and then she let out a tiny sigh.
  Richard watched as a miniscule tremor shot down her body from her breasts to
  her slit, still penetrated.  
 Ahn rose, and moved back upward to the top of Richard's other leg. Slowly
  she repeated her descent, rubbing her now sopping sex down his leg. Once more
  Richard found her breasts encasing his shaft and he moaned as the intensity
  brought him right back to his previous plateau of pleasure, a pulsing urge
  that made it difficult to maintain control. He knew that if Ahn took him in
  her mouth, or even stroked him, his fragile power over his sexual functions
  would be stripped from him.  
 Ahn's sex dipped again and Richard sighed as his other foot received the
  same slow caress. Feeling playful, Richard wiggled his toe, causing Ahn to
  gasp and dip down deeply. The throes of lust had ebbed slightly from his cock
  and he felt himself relaxing.  
 Ahn moved off his body and knelt beside him, right at his hip and her oiled
  hands once more took hold of his shaft. With long delicate strokes she rubbed
  him, paying special attention to the base of his shaft, dragging her long fingers
  upward toward the tip. She never grasped his cock like a hammer, instead always
  creating a hand hold that made her palm rub the tip of his shaft and the long
  fingers stroke the sides.  
 Richard felt himself swell again. His body cried out for release. He wasn't
  sure, but he knew that she had brought him close to another orgasm at least
  another three times. Her hands played with him, creating waves of intensely
  strong pleasure. His shaft beat in time with his heart. Her thumb began sliding
  around the edge of his shaft and he felt himself rise.  
 Ahn pulled her hand away and began rubbing his chest. Richard groaned, only
  barely stopping his own hand from finishing the job. Ahn seemed to sense his
  desire and took his hand in hers, pulling it to her breast. For a few moments,
  Richard concentrated on the soft fullness of her breast, its tiny nub a delicate
  button to push and press.  
 The sensation of tightness in his balls and the familiar ache of need waned,
  receding like the tide. The two full moons of Ahn's breasts loomed over him
  once more and she slid her hands down his body, finding his still hard shaft.
  Once more she began stroking him, the soft flesh of her palm caressing the
  tip of his rod, her fingers swirling around the entire length.  
 Richard groaned. It was too much. The driving need she pulled forth from
  his cock was like a building tsunami. Her fingers danced, sensing his need
  and Richard's hands tightened in to locked fists as he struggled with the fire
  in his loins. Ahn quickly stopped, pulling her hand away from his cock. She
  moved rapidly, straddling him at his chest, her hands grabbing for his arms
  as he moved.  
 Richard felt his cock close to bursting but the weight and movement of Ahn
  stopped him. Her eyes spoke of vast knowledge, as if she knew exactly what
  sensations cascaded through his body. Her face spoke of wisdom and age, if
  only for a moment, casting a pale illusion of triumph and possession over her
  childlike face.  
 Once more the wave retreated. His body began to ache from the tensions and
  stresses of the repeated waves of pleasure. His breathing came fast and hard,
  his muscles tense in ways he had never experienced. Ahn cupped his face, running
  her fingers down his chin and neck, soothing him. She rubbed his shoulders,
  stroking his skin as if she were stroking his cock.  
 He was still hard. He knew that. Nothing would change the ridged pole that
  stood upright like the mast of a ship. Ahn dipped her breasts down once more
  to his face and began to slide downward. Richard felt the tip of his rod once
  more touch the soft wet opening of her body.  
 Ahn smiled and nodded, pushing, until finally Richard gasped. His manhood
  slid deep into her sex, encased in the warm wetness that had enticed him from
  the beginning. Ahn leaned back, changing the angle of his penetration. With
  gentle rocking, she began to massage that part of him deep inside her. She
  rose and dipped, allowing her sex to complete the process that had begun in
  the spa.  
 Richard felt the tsunami return and like that great wave which began hidden
  and silent so far beneath the depths of the ocean, his began, hidden from even
  himself. He felt his heart begin to race as energy poured into his loins. His
  cock, still teased and pleasured in the sucking embrace of Ahn's body, seemed
  to shudder and tremble like a caged beast.  
 Ahn's face had changed. Still cognizant of Richard's needs, her own body
  had begun responding, sending waves of pleasure through her. Richard's face
  tightened as the impending explosion rose to the surface, overwhelming him.
  He cried out, reaching for the beautiful girl astride him, pulling her down
  to him, clutching her in a strong embrace.  
 Ahn melted against him, letting him suck her down as his shaft erupted with
  jackhammer force. She rose slightly has his hips slammed upward. She splayed
  her legs, swinging them back over his, letting her body rest upon him as he
  released. The pent up energies of her teasing cascaded into her through their
  connection, an immense ejaculation that conveyed excitement, pleasure, and
  the total abandonment of restraint. Ahn let out a small squeal and shuddered.  
 Richard's cock trembled inside her. For that one long moment it became a
  concrete like pillar, hard as granite. Ahn groaned, gyrating her hips as she
  felt the onslaught. It washed over her like a wave of heat and she gave the
  tiny gasp of relief as her own body answered with an orgasm of her own.  
 Together they collapsed in an oily heap, her head against his shoulder.
  Together their heart beats slowed as their bodies began to soften. Richard
  felt normalcy returning slowly, and he wrapped his arms around the tender nymph
  above him. He felt his body receding from her depths, slowly shrinking away
  from her and he held her tightly.  
 After a few moments Ahn looked up at him, a caring smile on her face. She
  rolled off him, still moving slowly, and knelt beside him. Once more her hands
  touched him and he found himself nodding sleepily as her fingers massaged his
  chest and arms. She pushed at him to roll over and he found himself obeying.
  Her hands rubbed his back up and down to his buttocks until his entire body
  felt loose. Finally she laid beside him, running her fingers down his back
  while Richard sighed in happy fatigue.  
 It was many minutes before she stopped and even more before she rose. Richard
  watched as she padded to the door, taking his robe down from the hook. She
  turned, holding it out to him.  
 "Come. You wash." She said softly, a smile in her voice.  
 Richard rolled off the mattress, feeling as if he were made of gelatin.
  Gradually he got to his feet, allowing Ahn to help him into the robe. For a
  moment he admired her physique. Her creamy alabaster skin was luminescent with
  oil, reflecting the soft lights of the room. Her brown eyes and slanted expression
  were exotic, and Richard realized that her physical beauty was something he
  never expected.  
 "Come. We go to spa." She said, her broken English as attractive as her
  body.  
 Richard followed her from the room, back down the hallway. Once more he
  entered the steaming room. His clothing was gone from the side but Richard
  paid it no mind. Anh led him to another one of the large tubs, taking his robe
  and discarding it as she led him into the steaming water.  
 Ahn became very business like, lifting his arms and taking a pumice flecked
  soap and lathering him. Richard leaned back and let the girl strip the oil
  from his limbs. Every once in a while he snuck a delicate hand over her rounded
  limbs, earning him a little frown and a sparkle in her eye.  
 The combination of the water and soap cleaned him completely. Finally Ahn
  stood, taking his hand and pulling him from the bubbling water. Once more she
  toweled him off, drying his skin with gentle pats. Lastly she fell to her knees
  before him, taking his soft manhood and kissing it gently once, a final parting.  
 Richard smiled down at this waif of a girl. Her breathtaking beauty, her
  incredible skill at playing him like a virtuoso his instrument, her undeniable
  energy, all created a desire in Richard. It was more than just sexual. It was
  deep. He caressed her cheek as she once more rose.  
 Slowly, Anh escorted Richard back to the first room he had entered. A deep
  look of contentment filled his face as she opened the door, still naked, still
  erotic, still lovely. Hanging from a small hook on the wall were several hangers
  which held his clothes. Each had been dried and even pressed and Richard remembered
  the one hour laundry behind the strip mall. Ahn smiled one last time and then
  bowed.  
 "Thank you." Richard said. Ahn turned and quickly left, moving down the
  hall. Richard opened the reception room door and found himself back by the
  modern ATM and dilapidated furniture. The sexually explicit magazines earned
  not the slightest bit of attention from him as he took a deep breath and headed
  out the door.  
The End  
Author's Note: One of the things I've discovered while writing erotica is
  the fact that the sentence "Then she paused, pulling a small plastic package
  from the bedside table, fumbling to open it with her teeth, and finally extracting
  an odd yellow looking rubber condom" to be one of the least erotic, most dramatically
  damaging sentences ever written. So&hellip;since this was MY fantasy, I decided
  that it wouldn't be included. However, being intelligent adults, we all know
  that safe sex means protection, not just from unwanted pregnancies, but also
  disease. In addition, I have always felt that prostitution is one of mankind's
  sorriest examples of female degradation and I know that many other practitioners
  of BDSM, not to mention more vanilla lifestyles, would much rather have a willing
  partner, than one who was forced by financial liabilities. In any event, I
  urge my readers to remember that safe sex is not just smart sex. It's a willing
  partner, a deep responsibility, and knowledge of the risks and choices we make.  
Yours Faithfully,  
Michael Alexander  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





