BDSM Library - Role Playing IV




Role Playing IV
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Becky and Holly start playing a new type of RPG - where all that's required are your imagination, some dice, and a pair of handcuffs. A game in which, unfortunately for the beautiful Li-zya, both Holly and Becky are determined to get er in as much trouble as possible.Author's Note:  
i) Although this is the fourth in the Role Playing series, it should make
  sense as a stand alone and it shouldn't be necessary to have read the first
  three to enjoy it. Although don't let that stop you.  
ii) Although the codes given above do fit the story, there are scenes and
  references to fantasies of more extreme description, including torture, rape
  and hints of M/f activity. These are not integral to the story.  
iii) The game Holly and Becky play is entirely made up and is not based on
  any real RPG. Or, at least, not one I've heard of. Althouh if a game does exist
  like this, I'd really like to play it.  
Role Playing IV - Li-zya and the Dungeon Mistress   
F/f, bondage, D/s, romantic, nc   
&nbsp;
Character Sheet:  
Character Name: Li-Zya  
Race: Human  
Nationality: Auriental  
Skills: Danger Sense  
 Swordsmanship  
 Seduction  
 Stealth  
 Theology  
Resistances:  
 vs. bondage: +1  
 vs. fear +3  
 vs. rape +3  
 vs. seduction +1  
 vs. torture +2  
Submissiveness: -5  
Endurance: +7  
Advantages:  
 Beautiful  
 Graceful  
Disadvantages:  
 Bad Luck  
 Compulsion (submit sexually to dominant women)  
 Fear (being raped by men)  
  
----------  
Becky added the milk to her freshly made coffee, humming idly to herself,
  her mind wandering far away. There were a million things to think of, from
  her exam next month, to the essay due next week, to her seminars tomorrow and
  Wednesday, to the ever-increasing state of her overdraft.  
All problems, and all problems she had expected to face upon coming to university.
  But all problems she could deal with tomorrow. It was Sunday afternoon and
  Monday morning seemed a very long time away.  
She padded barefoot into the living room, moving gracefully, holding the
  cup carefully so as not to spill any coffee. She had filled it too full again.
  She set it down on the coffee table and sat down on the nearby chair, folding
  her long legs beneath her.  
She looked at Holly and smiled.  
&quot;You ready?&quot;  
This had become a Sunday afternoon ritual for the two of them. Their time.
  They had had trouble finding time to be together over the summer, and that
  problem had not eased much with the start of the new term. They had conflicting
  timetables, lots of work and Becky had, rather foolishly, kept on her nightclub
  job no matter how much she hated it.  
So they had agreed to set aside one afternoon a week just for themselves.
  Nothing else mattered. Their phones were switched off, the doors locked, no
  emergency could tear them apart. Any extra time they found to be together was
  a bonus, a pleasant surprise.  
Holly smiled and nodded, her dark hair bouncing around her pretty, delicate
  face. She looked innocent sitting there, casually dressed in plain dark jumper
  and ankle length skirt, hands resting behind her back.  
Becky knew better, remembering a time she had come home from work to find
  a nearly naked Holly bound spreadeagled over the table, waiting for her.  
She shivered with the memory and stretched, picking up one of the dice laid
  out next to her coffee cup. She spun it absently and picked up some of the
  notes hidden behind the card screen. Not that Holly could see her notes anywhere,
  not from where she was, but still... Becky felt better running a game if she
  had a screen.  
Becky had been role playing for years, various different genres of games,
  various different characters. She liked pretending to be someone else, dealing
  with problems considerably more interesting than tomorrow's seminar. She liked
  killing the monsters, stealing the treasure, conquering nations...  
And she especially liked playing with Holly.  
Holly's fondness for role playing was of a more... personal, intimate type.
  She was too embarrassed to play the more mundane variety of game in groups
  and easily tended to let the others take matters over while she remained in
  the background. But in a one-on-one game, her imagination came to life.  
Graphically.  
&quot;Where were we again?&quot; Becky asked.  
----------  
Becky's Notes:   
   
Session 7:   
Location: The Akkar Mountains, in the wild border land between Bayrlon and
  Sylthar.  
So Far: Li-zya is on a quest for the Priestesses of Lir, based in Bayrlon,
  although rather unwillingly. She was enjoying a quiet night in the company
  of her current lover, the merchant and slaver queen, Sancha, when both of them
  were abducted by the Temple of Lir, Goddess of Rape and Debauchery. The Priestesses
  have secretly been influencing the Council of the Black Slavers of Bayrlon.  
One of their members, Ialamis, has betrayed them and fled their control,
  taking with her several powerful sorcerous artefacts, including a dagger used
  to sacrifice victims to a powerful demon patron. The Temple wants the artefacts
  returned to them and, if possible, Ialamis delivered to them to be sacrificed.  
They believe Li-zya is the person to do this. Ialamis has a number of magical
  defences that would sense the presence of one of their regular agents. Li-zya
  also made herself known to them through her time as a slave to the Black Slaver,
  Tenchite (Sessions 3 -4) and the way in which she helped bring about Tenchite's
  exile.  
To persuade Li-zya to do this, they have captured Sancha and have threatened
  to torture her to death and sacrifice her to Lir. This has convinced Li-zya
  to do their bidding. What she does not know is that they are planning to indoctrinate
  her into the worship of Lir and turn her into one of their agents.  
Ialamis has not been idle in her new stronghold in the Akkar Mountains, however.
  She has used her sorcerous arts to enslave the infamous bandit queen, Karlanya.
  Karlanya has been preying on merchant caravans between Bayrlon and Schendi
  for many months now, but since her enslavement to Ialamis, she has become much
  more sadistic, taking prisoners and subjecting them to rape and torture, before
  delivering them to Ialamis. Karlanya is the only one of her gang to meet with
  Ialamis and she has no memory of being used as a slave by the former Priestess.  
Karlanya and her gang abducted Li-zya in the mountains and put her through
  their standard ordeal - staking her out naked, whipping and beating her, before
  all of them raping her. Dawn was just rising over Li-zya's tortured body when
  the band was found by a train of slavers, led by a Syltharan merchant determined
  to capture Karlanya and her gang and deliver them to the city as slaves. Karlanya
  escaped, but Li-zya and the other members of the gang were captured, stripped
  naked (if they weren't naked anyway) and added to the caravan, to be taken
  to Sylthar.  
The session ended there.  
----------  
&quot;We stopped there. I think you... ah... got a little distracted, Dungeon
  Mistress.&quot;  
Becky had. There was something about visioning Holly tied naked to a slave
  coffle in the midst of the baking sun...  
Oh, she knew better than anyone about the division between player and character,
  between in-game and out-of-game actions. She'd had enough men playing in games
  wth her who assumed that just because her character would flirt with theirs,
  that meant she would flirt with them. She'd been hit on by GMs who'd had their
  NPCs romance her character.  
But with her and Holly, things were... different.  
&quot;Oh yeah.&quot; Becky took a sip of coffee, envisioning the scene in
  her mind, remembering the plot points. She rifled through her notes and dug
  out the character sheets for the slaver guards. Becky always liked to plan
  her adventures out.  
&quot;Right,&quot; she began, describing the situation. &quot;You've been
  walking for hours, stripped naked save for the shoes on your feet. The sun
  bakes down, causing you to drip with sweat. The only sounds on the journey
  are the moans of the other captured prisoners and the occasional curses of
  the guards.  
&quot;Make an Endurance roll...&quot;  
----------  
Character Details   
   
What does your character look like?   
   
Li-zya is short, no more than five foot three. She has delicate,
      Eastern features and lightly golden skin. Her hair is jet black and very
      long, when worn loose, although she normally wears it in two pigtails,
      which make her look younger than she is. She is not fat, but slightly curvaceous,
      with large, full breasts appropriate for her frame.   
   
She usually wears casual travelling clothing; baggy trousers and
      a sleeveless waistcoat, laced over her breasts. She wears nothing underneath
      these clothes save a small loincloth.   
She is twenty-three years old.   
Describe her family.   
   
Li-zya was born the only daughter to a powerful nobleman in the
      great Auriental Empire. Her father was Phang-kyun, the Lord-Admiral of
      the Auriental navies. Her mother died in chldbirth and her father remarried,
      to Sei-Lu, an ambitious noblewoman and distant relative of the Emperor.
      They have one daughter, Li-chu, who is two years younger than Li-zya. Her
      father died in combat when she was sixteen.   
   
What was her first sexual experience?   
She kept her virginity closely, the better to make a useful marriage.
      However, on her sixteenth birthday, when word reached of her father's death.
      Sei-Lu then had her imprisoned, to guarantee the succession of her daughter.
      She had Li-zya bound and hooded and then raped by her soldiers.   
   
With the loss of her virginity, Li-zya could not be married and
      so her step-mother was able to have her sold into slavery in the West.
      She spent two years as a slave girl to a beautiful noblewoman, Lady Theema,
      before managing to escape.   
What are her sexual fantasies?   
The brutal experience where she was first raped has made Li-zya
      afraid of sex with men. Her fantasies are all of powerful, dominant women,
      although she cannot admit this to herself. She subconsciously dreams of
      being made a slave before a Mistress who will love and adore her, rather
      than treat her with the cruelty displayed by her step-mother and Lady Theema.   
What is her biggest weakness?   
Her tendency to become distracted by her sexual desires and submissive
      nature around powerful women.   
What is her greatest ambition?   
She will admit it as being to return home and reclaim her inheritance,
      but secretly it is to become the kept slave of a loving and kind Mistress.   
----------  
&quot;Make an Endurance roll.&quot;  
Somewhat awkwardly, Holly slid down off the chair, being careful not to kick
  her dice all over the floor and get them lost under the chairs. She had all
  her dice placed next to her character sheet. She really only needed two or
  three - one twenty-sided, or D20, a couple of D10's and a D6 - but she had
  more than that.  
Bending over, she picked up the D20 in her mouth, holding it carefully between
  her delicate, white teeth. She then threw it from her mouth, watching it land
  near Becky's feet.  
&quot;Do my hands really have to be cuffed?&quot; she moaned, plaintively.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; Becky said, firmly. &quot;You get a little... distracted
  otherwise.&quot; Plus, she loved the way Holly had to roll the dice with her
  mouth. She was usually a very free-form player, preferring as few die rolls
  as possible, but then, playing with Holly was very different to her usual games.  
On her knees, Holly shuffled over to the dice and looked at it. &quot;Seven,&quot; she
  announced. &quot;Plus my Endurance modifier... Uh... fourteen.&quot;  
Li-zya had a very good Endurance, a necessary stat in order to remain conscious
  through all the rape and torture she tended to get subjected to.  
Using her nose, she nudged the dice back to the pile.  
Becky continued describing the scene. &quot;You can cope with the heat better
  than a lot of the other girls. You can hear them moaning and pleading for mercy.
  Most of them are clearly being overcome by the heat and are on the verge of
  collapsing with exhaustion. Only one of the other girls seem to be coping as
  well as you are - a tall, dark-haired woman a few slots up the chain. You can
  only see her from the back, but later during the journey, she turns and you
  can see her face. It's Margueritte, Karlanya's second in command.&quot;  
Holly shivered, remembering the graphically described rape and torture Margueritte
  had subejcted her to.  
&quot;Still, the heat and exertion cause your muscles to ache and burn and
  you realise it has been many hours since you last ate. Lose two health levels.&quot;  
With a smile, Holly kicked off her slippers and stood up. &quot;Uh... Dungeon
  Mistress?&quot;  
The two of them played possibly the only RPG where the player didn't mind
  their character getting hurt and taking damage. It had been Becky's idea to
  simulate wounds by removing layers of clothing.  
Becky picked up the key to Holly's cuffs and undid one manacle carefully.
  She then helped her player remove her thick, black jumper, sliding it up over
  her head, enjoying the smell and the feel of Holly so closely next to her.
  Oh, she smelled so good, she...  
They stood there, Becky's mind wandering, losing the plot. It took a supreme
  act of will from her (a figurative successful resistance to seduction roll)
  but she managed to fasten the cuffs back and return to her seat.  
&quot;It's not until night time that the caravan stops and starts to make
  camp. You are in a valley pass in the mountains...&quot;  
----------  
Session One - Li-zya and the Snake Priestess   
The beautiful girl awoke with her head pounding in memory of the
      blow that had felled her, a blow that had come from her hostess, the exiled
      Auriental princess, Kuu-nah. The first realisation that came to her that
      was she was lying on a hard stone surface. The second was that she was
      tightly bound, her hands far above her head and her ankles tightly together,
      both secured to stone rings.   
   
And the third was that she was all but naked, wearing only the
      small loincloth she wore beneath her trousers.   
   
But why...? Kuu-nah was one of her own people, an exile from the
      Auriental Empire, descendant of a prince thought lost centuries before.
      She had promised to help Li-zya in returning to reclaim her inheritance.   
   
Despairingly, she moaned, giving rise to a sardonic retort from
      elsewhere in the massive stone cavern.   
   
&quot;Waking or sleeping, I do find a girl's moans to be the comeliest
      thing about her.&quot;   
   
Kuu-nah was standing there, just before a large, hideously serpentine
      and misshapen statue. It was the one she had pointed out to the stunned
      girl a moment before striking her down. The priestess looked as beautiful
      and imperious as she had before, and something in the helpless girl trembled
      with desire at being seen so nearly naked by such a wonderful and dominant
      woman.   
   
But there was something new in Kuu-nah's visage, a expression of
      sadistic cruelty, a promise of pain and suffering still to come.   
   
&quot;But... why?&quot; the helpless girl uttered. &quot;Kuu-nah,
      why have you...?&quot;   
   
&quot;I told you of the Serpent God, Set, did I not? How he was
      worshipped by the primitive savages my ancestor found here when he was
      shipwrecked so many centuries ago? I told you how beautiful, virgin girls
      were delivered to Him, screaming in misery, their pain delighting Him?
      Well, what I did not tell you was that His worshp did not die out, that
      my ancestors did not convert the primitives as I hinted, but rather, were
      converted by them. That I am the High Priestess of Set, and, while I know
      you are no virgin, you will still make more than a fine offering to Him.&quot;   
   
&quot;So,&quot; the poor girl said, her heart crushed to hear her
      fate so cruelly pronounced, but still determined to show courage. &quot;I
      am a noblewoman of the Auriental Empire,&quot; she whispered, her voice
      dry, her heart pounding. &quot;If you imagine I will scream, you are mistaken,
      foul creature.&quot;   
   
&quot;Oh,&quot; Kuu-nah said, her voice taking on a sibilant quality. &quot;You
      will scream, girl. I promise you that.&quot; She began to walk forward
      towards the helpless soon-to-be sacrifice.    
   
&quot;You will scream greatly.&quot;   
----------  
&quot;The guard brings around some food for you. It's not filling, but it
  is enough to get rid of your hunger pangs. He looks at you and you can feel
  his eyes running all over your naked body.&quot;  
Holly squirmed in her seat. She could feel Li-zya's humiliation. If the guard
  had been female, Li-zya would have been squirming for an entirely different
  reason, but the guard was a man.  
&quot;I look up at him, trying not to show how scared I am,&quot; she said.
  She was aware of how vulnerable Li-zya was and was trying to come up with some
  way to get her out of this. Her one solution so far was seduce one of the guards,
  but she could not bring herself to do that with a male guard. Li-zya's memory
  of her first, traumatic rape would preclude that.  
&quot;'Take your eyes off me. I am meant for better than you.'&quot;  
Becky smiled. Holly loved that smile. It meant that she had done something
  unexpected and with unfortunate consequences.  
&quot;Make a Resistance to Fear roll.&quot;  
Holly scrambled down from her chair, aware that Becky could see down her
  T-shirt. It was not particularly low cut, but bent over as she was... She tracked
  the movement of Becky's eyes with a delicious grin.  
She gently tossed the dice with her teeth. &quot;Twelve,&quot; she said. &quot;Plus
  my resistance value of three... ah, but minus two because he's a man.&quot;  
&quot;Minus another two because you're naked,&quot; Becky pointed out. &quot;You
  can tell he's thinking about raping you.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, yes,&quot; Holly noted, shivering. &quot;Uh.. eleven.&quot;  
&quot;Eleven, okay. You manage to look at him without flinching but your
  voice wavers a bit as you speak. He hesitates for a moment, but then slaps
  you viciously on the side of your head, causing your neck to snap back. With
  the chain around your neck fixed to the coffle you can't roll with the blow.
  Stars flash in front of your eyes briefly and you taste blood in your mouth.
  Take one health level of damage.&quot;  
Swivelling around, still on the floor, Holly held up her feet to her cruel
  and imaginative Dungeon Mistress. Carefully and delicately, Becky removed her
  socks, rolling them into a ball and throwing them onto the pile with her jumper.
  Then, before Holly would withdraw her legs, Becky gently traced a ticklish
  line on the sole of her feet.  
&quot;Hey!&quot; Holly cried.  
&quot;Perk of being the Dungeon Mistress,&quot; Becky replied.  
Holly, now stripped of three layers of clothing, took her seat back, settling
  into it as well as she could with her hands cuffed behind her back.  
&quot;You hear a commotion from further up the line and see one of the female
  guards approaching. She's very tall, with light brown skin, obviously some
  Amazon blood in her. Her head is bald save for one very long tail of black
  hair at the base of her skull. She's wearing very light armour and carrying
  a sword and a whip.&quot;  
&quot;I call out to her. 'Help! Please... he's going to...'&quot;  
&quot;She looks at you. 'Silence, slave.' And then she looks at the guard.
  'What is happening here? Are you marring one of our Mistress' slave girls?'&quot;  
&quot;Before he can answer, I'm going to interrupt. 'He said he was going
  to rape me. He said... please, don't let him hurt me.' I'm trying to seduce
  her, arranging my body language and tone of voice to look... well, vulnerable
  and sexy and helpless.&quot;  
&quot;You are vulnerable and sexy and helpless, but go on. Make a seduction
  roll.&quot;  
Holly did and let out a cry of triumph. &quot;Seventeen. Plus my appearance
  modifiers... Twenty-four.&quot;  
&quot;Add another two. She's attracted to girls like you.&quot;  
&quot;Isn't that a coincidence?&quot;  
&quot;She looks at the guard and snaps at him to leave. He does, glaring
  at you as he goes.&quot;  
&quot;I'll look up at her. 'Thank you, Mistress. He... he said...'&quot;  
&quot;'I do not care what he said.' She begins to release you from the chains
  holding you to the coffle, but doesn't untie your wrists. Several of the other
  girls look at you with a combination of jealousy and sympathy. She forces you
  to your feet and starts to lead you away from the camp.&quot;  
&quot;Yes. It worked.&quot;  
&quot;Don't get too over-excited, sweetie. You're still naked, your hand
  are still bound behind your back, there's still a slave collar around your
  neck and you're being taken away to be raped by a very dominant and beautiful
  half-Amazon.&quot;  
&quot;Ah...&quot;  
&quot;Ah, yes... Make a Resistance to Rape roll.&quot;  
----------  
Advantages:   
Beautiful  : +3 to seduction and most social and reaction
  rolls with anyone likely to be attracted to you. You will be easily noticed
  and remembered and will stand out of any crowd.  
Graceful:  +2 to rolls involving balance or dexterity.  
Disadvantages:   
Bad luck:  once per session, you automatically fail
  any one roll the Dungeon Mistress chooses. Your failure will be disastrous
  and very difficult to reverse.  
Compulsion (submit sexually to dominant women):  -4
  to all resistance rolls against women with a Dominance of +3 or more who are
  sexually attracted to you  
Fear (being raped by men):  -2 to social rolls and resistances
  with men with a Dominance of +4 or more; an additional -2 to all resistances
  with men with a Dominance of +4 or more when in a sexually vulnerable position  
----------  
Becky pulled out the character sheet for the female slaver guards, placing
  it on top of the pile behind her screen and she looked over at her girlfriend.
  Holly had failed the Resistance versus Rape roll badly, and Li-zya was currently
  in a fog of desire and submissiveness, her plans to escape distracted by her
  own weakness.  
As much fun as it would be to have Li-zya slowly be agonisingly ravished
  by the strong, half-blood Amazon, Becky had other plans. There were things
  much more interesting up in the mountains to explore. It would soon be time
  to bring out the plot device to get things going where she wanted them to.  
But there was time enough for that...  
&quot;She takes you some way from the camp so that the noise of the slavers
  and their beautiful cargo are muted. The hard ground is rough on your feet
  and your muscles burn with the exertion, bearing in mind you were only at rest
  for a few hours. The guard does not notice, of course, and moves on, dragging
  you behind her.  
&quot;The heat of the day is long past and a cool, mountain wind is rising,
  brushing and caressing your body as lightly as any lover's fingers. Your nipples
  rise, although with desire as well as the cold. Sweat is still cooling on your
  body as you admire the hard, powerful form of the guard leading you to your
  rape. The rough rope around your wrists chafes at your soft skin.&quot;  
Holly let out a low moan, eyes half-closed, visualising the scene. She had
  a powerful imagination. If her hands had been free, she would definitely be
  putting them to use now. There was a reason Becky had taken to employing the
  handcuffs during her game.  
&quot;You think the guard herself has lost track of how far she has gone.
  Every so often she looks back and glances at you, drinking in your nude beauty.
  It's only when you turn around a bend in the foothill pathway and come across
  a small hut, that she stops.  
&quot;It looks like it might once have been a wayfarer station for some of
  the mountain pathways, before the plains were civilised and the great road
  between Sylthar and Schendi built. It's partly ruined now but still intact.  
&quot;The guard looks at it for a while, and then smiles. 'I wonder if there's
  a bed in there, slave,' she says. 'Fucking you in a bed would be more pleasurable
  than on the hard ground.' Then she smiles, a cruel and powerful smile that
  makes you go weak at the knees. 'But it'll be pleasurable enough doing it anywhere.'&quot;  
&quot;'Oh, Mistress,'&quot; Holly moaned. It was fitting for Li-zya and Holly
  both.  
&quot;Make a Danger Sense roll. Minus three for you being so... ah... distracted.&quot;  
Holly was pretty distracted as well, but she managed to make the roll. Danger
  Sense was the skill used to be aware of ambushes, treachery and so on. It had
  helped Li-zya sometimes, but it usually only made her aware too late just how
  much trouble she was in.  
&quot;Twelve in total.&quot;  
&quot;Okay.&quot; Becky rolled a dice for the guard and then promptly ignored
  it. &quot;The guard is too busy... obviously thinking of you and a bed to notice,
  but you just catch the flicker of movement. A figure leaps down from the rocks
  behind you and throws herself at the guard. A sword flashes in her hand and
  strikes. There's a spray of red blood and the guard stumbles back, blood pouring
  from a wound in her side. She draws her sword. What are you going to do?&quot;  
Holly paused. &quot;Can I act, or am I still distracted?&quot;  
&quot;Make a Resistance to seduction roll.&quot;  
&quot;Eighteen.&quot; She rolled well.  
&quot;Sure. It takes you a moment as your thoughts are still of the guard,
  but your fear takes over and your mind clears again. The two of them have begun
  fighting, moving quickly. There's dust in your eyes and you can't make out
  the newcomer very well. Whoever she is, she's very good with a sword.&quot;  
&quot;I'm going to try and untie my hands.&quot;  
&quot;Okay, roll Resistance to Bondage.&quot;  
Holly knelt over the dice and kissed the large twenty-sider reverently. &quot;Don't
  fail me now,&quot; she whispered.  
----------  
Session Two - Li-zya versus the Amazons   
Her breath burned in her lungs as she ran, the branches and leaves
      of the jungle whipping at her as she moved. Her muscles ached and sweat
      poured from her lovely body.   
   
They were behind her, moving far quicker than she could. They were
      far taller than she was and much more used to moving in these jungles.
      She could not even see them clearly, nothing but forms and silhouettes
      in the jungle undergrowth.   
   
Li-zya let out a sudden scream as the ground gave way beneath her
      into a deep pit. She jumped back just in time, scrambling on the edge of
      the open precipice leading down into darkness. Flailing at the edge, it
      took all her strength and determination to haul herself up. No sooner had
      she made it, panting even more than before, muscles too drained to bring
      her to her feet, than a shadow fell over her.   
   
It was an Amazon, the first time she had seen one of those half-mythical
      warrior women directly. She had heard much about them, of their strength
      and beauty, of their savage, brutal rites conducted deep in the heart of
      the jungle.   
   
Their pursuit of her through the jungle spoke of their strength,
      and she could now vouch for their beauty easily enough. Her heart pounded
      faster and there was a fluttering in her belly as she regarded the magnificent,
      dominant form.   
   
The woman bent over and grabbed one of Li-zya's long pigtails,
      using it to haul the exhausted girl to her feet. Li-zya struggled, but
      utterly in vain. It was like being gripped by a statue of solid stone.   
   
The Amazon said something in a language Li-zya could not understand,
      but it was followed by a brutal slap that sent the young girl flying to
      the ground, stunned and shocked, the laces of her waistcoat coming loose
      and revealing her shapely bosom.   
   
The former Auriental noble woman was helpless to resist as more
      Amazons came, bearing with them a long pole. Her wrists and ankles were
      bound to it with rough vine and she was carried through the jungle, insensate
      and drained, but very aware that she would soon find out the truth of the
      rumours of the rituals carried out in the heart of the jungle.   
----------  
Holly stood obediently as Becky undid the zip at the back of her long skirt,
  sliding it down her legs. Holly stepped out of it, now with her panties the
  only garment she wore below the waist.  
Li-zya had managed to untie the ropes binding her wrists, but she had had
  to do it quickly, wrenching the ropes away, leaving burns and aching muscles,
  another health level of damage.  
Holly would have been quite happy taking damage all night until she was completely
  naked and helpless before Becky. But she wanted to get on with the plot and
  get Li-zya out of this mess she was in. Getting out of messes was not quite
  as much fun as getting into them, but Holly had found there was always another
  mess around the corner just as delightful.  
Still, she moaned and shivered as Becky traced a thin line just down the
  outside of her leg in just the place she liked most.  
Then Becky returned to her seat and sat down, leaving Holly quivering and
  half-naked and...  
There would be time for that later. If nothing else, Holly had learned patience
  in her relationship with Becky.  
She sat down on the floor, stretching her smooth legs out before her. Not
  as long as Becky's they were still smooth and sexy and perfectly shaped. Becky
  loved them. In fact, Becky loved every part of her.  
&quot;How's the fight going?&quot; she asked, once she recovered her equilibrium  
&quot;You can see the attacking figure a little clearer now that your head
  has cleared and you're able to brush the dust out of your eyes. It's very clearly
  Karlanya.&quot;  
&quot;Oh...&quot; Holly remembered the bandit queen very well, remembered
  the way she had staked Li-zya out and had tortured her. The description had
  made her... ohhh...  
&quot;She looks injured. Her clothes are torn and ragged. She still has the
  upper hand, though. That first blow she struck the guard with seems to have
  been quite powerful. You don't think the fight will last longer than a few
  more rounds.&quot;  
&quot;Is there a weapon around?&quot;  
Becky shook her head. &quot;The guard has her knife and sword. Karlanya has
  her own scimitar. There are plenty of rocks.&quot;  
&quot;I'll turn and run away.&quot;  
&quot;Which direction? Down the path will take you back towards the slave
  caravan.&quot;  
&quot;Up, then.&quot;  
&quot;You start to sprint up the pathway, away from the fight. The rough
  ground cuts into your bare feet. You feel the effort of the last few days begin
  to overwhelm you and each step is an effort. Make an Endurance roll.&quot;  
&quot;Twelve.&quot;  
&quot;You stumble as a cramp seizes your leg and you almost fall over. You
  hear the sound of pursuit from behind you.&quot;  
&quot;I keep running.&quot; Holly closed her eyes. She couldn't let Karlanya
  capture her. Not again. Not after what she did to her last time. While part
  of her yearned for such treatment again, she knew that she had a mission to
  perform and Sancha's survival was dependent on her successful completion of
  it.  
Holly realised just how strongly she was thinking of a fictional character
  and smiled inwardly. She remembered the way she had Becky had played the scene
  where Li-zya and Sancha made love the night after Bayrlon ahd been liberated.
  Becky's kisses all the way down the side of her body...  
&quot;You run as fast as you can, the muscles in your body cramping up and
  the breath burning in your lungs. You can hear Karlanya following you and the
  sound of her pursuit spurs you on, but you know you won't be able to keep up
  for long.&quot;  
&quot;Umm...&quot; Holly had to think clearly. She couldn't beat Karlanya
  in a fight. She was naked and had no weapons and she would be too distracted
  against Karlanya to focus properly. The bandit had tortured Li-zya horribly,
  but she had still come screaming as she had been licked to agonising release.  
&quot;Is there anywhere I can hide?&quot;  
&quot;Not really. The path takes a sharp bend up ahead. There might be somewhere
  there.&quot;  
&quot;Fine. I put on a spurt of energy.&quot;  
&quot;Another Endurance roll.&quot;  
Holly bent over and picked up the dice with her mouth. Becky was looking
  down her T-shirt again. Holly rolled the dice. &quot;Only ten.&quot;  
&quot;You manage to make it around the bend but you skid on the loose ground
  and fall to the ground. As you try to stagger up, you see something in front
  of you that captures your attention. It looks like a gibbet. People were obviously
  hanged from here in the past. There's a girl there, completely naked. There's
  a rope around her neck bound to a hook on the gibbet, but it's long enough
  for her to be able to reach the ground, although she's balancing awkwardly
  on her tiptoes. She's a little taller than you, but not much. Her skin is a
  light olive shade and she has light brown hair. Her hands are bound behind
  her back and there's a rough gag in her mouth. Her eyes are wide with fear.&quot;  
&quot;How attractive is she?&quot;  
&quot;Very. She looks about twenty. Very cute.&quot;  
&quot;A naked, sexy girl tied up helpless in the middle of nowhere.&quot; Holly
  smiled, her mind beginning to wander as she took in the description of the
  scene. &quot;What are the odds?&quot;  
&quot;Now, now. Enough of the sarcasm, sweetie. Roll resistance to seduction.&quot;  
&quot;Any bonuses for being in a life or death situation?&quot; Holly asked
  hopefully, knowing the answer. Her Bad Luck Flaw hadn't activated yet this
  session.  
&quot;Umm... okay. You can have plus 2.&quot;  
Holly breathed out slowly as she picked up the dice. While the image of a
  very attractive, naked, twenty year old girl was distracting, she had to get
  out of here. She couldn't let Karlanya catch her.  
Roll well, roll well, roll well...  
&quot;Eighteen!&quot; she cried out. &quot;Plus... one and the two... Twenty-one!
  Sweet!&quot; Holly caught the knowing look in Becky's eyes. &quot;Not good
  enough?&quot;  
Becky shook her head. &quot;Sorry, darling. You try to turn away and get
  to your feet when she moans through her gag and you turn back to her. Just
  a little back luck on your part.&quot; Well, there was the Bad Luck used, at
  least. Not that that comforted Holly much.  
&quot;You stare up at her and you're still staring when you feel a rope being
  thrown expertly towards you. A noose lands over your neck and with a strangled
  gasp for air you're pulled backwards, helpless to the ground.&quot;  
&quot;Oh.&quot; Holly wanted to swear. She also wanted to tear off her clothes
  and just... Those handcuffs were a good idea.  
----------  
Holly's Notes:   
   
People who have Raped Li-zya:   
Kuu-nah  
Who? Snake Priestess, worshipper of the Serpent God, Set, descended from
  a shipwrecked exiled Auriental prince,  
How? used her forked, snake tongue to pleasure Li-zya, also had hallucinogenic
  venom to give her visions and fever dreams  
Where? in her hidden temple of Set in the ancient ruins  
Did Li-zya come? mmmm... yes - many times, trapped in fever dreams and hallucinations  
How escaped? during an attack on the city by the forces of the local Amazon
  tribes, in revenge for Phan-Kuu enslaving one of their war-leaders  
Misu -  
Who? Amazon warleader  
How? with a large, thick phallus while Li-zya was staked out naked in the
  middle of the Amazon encampment  
Where? her camp in an ancient and abandoned city deep in the jungle  
Did Li-zya come? yes - once, screaming with pain  
How escaped? didn't - Misu had Li-zya sold into slavery on one of the trading
  posts on the Ebon Coast  
Tenchite -  
Black Slaver, who purchased me to be her bed slave. I served her for almost
  two months in her estate in Bayrlon. She kept me tied up and dressed in very
  skimpy silk clothes and some jewels. Wouldn't let me come, making me use my
  mouth to lick her. Kept me in a daze all that time. Escaped from her when her
  political rivals brought her down and had her arrested for corruption and bargaining
  with the slavers in the city of Sylthar.  
Sancha -  
Black Slaver, who took Tenchite's place on the Council after she was banished.
  I served her willingly as her lover, play-acting as her slave, although that
  was what I was in public. She did let me come sometimes, but only when she
  wanted. Cruel girl.  
Karlanya -  
Bandit Queen, captured me in the mountains, along with her gang. Tied me
  up and tortured and raped me. Came once when she licked me out to make me sensitive
  before she whipped between my legs.  
----------  
&quot;No, sweetie,&quot; Becky said, smiling. &quot;Your hands are tied too
  tightly for you to try to undo them. Besides, you're dazed and stunned, not
  to mentioned distracted by the other girl.&quot;  
Holly frowned and stuck out her tongue. Becky's smile grew wider. It was
  good to see Holly enjoying herself. She had been so serious once. Who knew
  that being tied up, raped and turned into a fantasy slave girl would have that
  effect on her?  
&quot;Karlanya loops the end of your leash up to the gibbet, to a hook next
  to the other girl. You're so close to her you can feel the heat of her body
  and inhale her fragrance, a mix of sweat and fear. She's also a little aroused.&quot;  
&quot;Another natural slave girl?&quot;  
&quot;Looks like it. Although she's not as Submissive as you are. Karlanya
  adjusts the length of the rope so that you're not choking, but it's still very
  uncomfortable. Your leg muscles are trembling and it takes all you have to
  maintain your balance.  
&quot;Karlanya heads over to a small cache at the other side of the gibbet
  and pulls out a water bottle. She uncorks it and takes a long swig. Her breasts
  are rising and falling with exertion. She's evidently exhausted as well.&quot;  
Holly's own breasts were rising and falling impressively too. Holly tended
  to think her breasts were a little too small, but Becky thought they were wonderful.
  She loved the way goosebumps rose over Holly's skin as she traced a thin line
  around a dark nipple...  
Back to the game! Back to the game! She had to give Holly handcuffs to prevent
  her getting distracted. At this rate, Becky would need some of her own.  
&quot;Karlanya then holds the water bottle up to your mouth. With the other
  hand in your hair, she forces your head back and pours some of the liquid down
  your throat.&quot;  
Becky stood up, picking up her bottle of coke. She walked towards her quivering
  player and undid the top of the bottle. A hand gently in Holly's dark hair,
  she held the bottle up carefully and began to pour. Holly's eyes were closed
  and her lips wrapped around the rim of the bottle in a way that made Becky...  
Holly suddenly coughed and spluttered. Becky pulled the bottle back quickly.
  Some of the dark drink was dribbling down Holly's front and onto her T-shirt.
  The pale fabric was soon covered in brown splotches.  
&quot;Are you all right?&quot;  
&quot;Fine,&quot; Holly wheezed. &quot;Just went down the wrong way.&quot; She
  began coughing.  
Hurrying to the kitchen, Becky poured a glass of water and brought it back,
  helping Holly drink that, much slower and more carefully that time. Holly pulled
  back after half of it.  
&quot;That's okay. It was... it just went down wrong.&quot; She coughed again. &quot;I'm
  fine, really.&quot;  
Had she really been that worried? Becky supposed she might have been. Looking
  after a sub wasn't easy. She kept wondering whether she was breaking some unknown
  domme / sub code in the ways she played with Holly.  
But, then again... she imagined Holly would complain if she did anything
  wrong.  
A nasty idea came to her and she tipped the rest of the water down Holly's
  chest.  
&quot;Hey!&quot; came the cry. Her back arched, the muscles in her leg tensing. &quot;That...&quot; She
  sank back down.  
Becky kissed her, just once and gently. &quot;You get some of the water down
  your front, sweetie. Karlanya isn't as gentle as I am. It trickles down your
  front and over your breasts. Karlanya swears at you for wasting water and pulls
  away. You realise she isn't going to give you any more and it hits you that
  that's the first thing you've had to drink since the slavers captured you.&quot;  
Holly licked her lips, looking up. Becky was still so near to her, near enough
  to feel Holly's breath on her cheek.  
Holly. Half-naked. T-shirt soaking wet, showing her bra clearly. Legs bare.
  That look in her eyes.  
Back to the game!  
Becky made a mental roll of Resistance versus Seduction and just about passed.
  She got up and returned to her seat, her hands shaking. It was hard being Dungeon
  Mistress, but she had a responsibility to the game, to see it through, to continue
  the session to its natural end point.  
Besides, Holly was still wearing clothes. Li-zya had some more health levels
  to lose yet.  
Look at Holly. Look at her.  
&quot;Quick break,&quot; Becky announced, breathlessly. &quot;I need to grab
  another coffee.&quot;  
And a cold shower. And a chastity belt wouldn't hurt either.  
----------  
Session Three - Li-zya aboard the slave ship   
The terrified girl started as the door to her cabin opened and
      sunlight flooded the room. Tears filled her eyes as she squinted and struggled
      to look away, having become accustomed to the darkness this long journey.   
   
A figure stood there, silhouetted in the doorway. It was a woman,
      but Li-zya could see no more of her than that. The woman simply stood there,
      evidently studying the luscious girl's all but naked body.   
   
Li-zya wore only a thin strip of cloth around her breasts, now
      heaving with fear and exhaustion, as well as another equally thin strip
      around her loins. Her arms were pulled high above her bed and bound behind
      the pole she rested against, while thick ropes held her ankles together.
      A rough gag parted her red lips and kept her from uttering any sound other
      than terrified squeals.   
   
The woman stared for a long time, the moments marked only by the
      pounding of the frantic girl's heart beneath those breasts that threatened
      to fall away from the slender strip of cloth that bound them with every
      second.   
   
Then, finally, she strode forward towards the helpless prisoner.   
----------  
&quot;Seventeen on the Notice roll. I stare up the path. Am I sure Karlanya's
  gone?&quot;  
&quot;As sure as you can be. You can't hear her. It's been at least twenty
  minutes since she left the two of you there.&quot;  
&quot;Okay. Good. I take in as many deep breaths as I can...&quot;  
&quot;Not many, considering you're hanging there.&quot;  
Holly continued as if she hadn't been interrupted. &quot;And I ready myself
  to scream for help.&quot;  
The game had re-started, with Becky looking slightly less distracted. Holly
  loved that look in her Dungeon Mistress' yes. The look that said she wanted
  to throw Holly to the floor, rip off the rest of her clothes and just make
  her scream.  
Holly wanted very much to be thrown to the floor, have her clothes ripped
  off and be made to scream, but there was a time and a place and right now she
  was equally curious about getting on with the game.  
&quot;'No,' rasps the other girl.&quot;  
&quot;Eh... I thought she was gagged. Oh, no... Karlanya removed the gag
  when she gave her water, didn't she? She didn't put it back.&quot;  
&quot;No, she must have forgotten. You can see the strap of leather lying
  on the ground at your feet.&quot;  
&quot;Okay. What did she say again?&quot;  
&quot;'No. Don't scream.'&quot;  
&quot;'Why not? There must be someone who'll hear us.'&quot;  
&quot;'Who?' She still looks scared, but there's more confidence in her eyes
  now. She's obviously realised that whatever's going to happen to her will be
  a little easier because there's two of you and the same thing will happen to
  you. 'The only people here, besides her, are likely to be slavers or bandits
  and if they saw us like us... well... it won't go over well for us.'&quot;  
&quot;'No... I guess not. But... we have to get out of here.'&quot;  
&quot;'We will. But we need to wait for a chance. She hasn't killed us, yet.
  That means she needs us alive for something. We'll get a chance to escape later.
  Maybe.'&quot;  
&quot;'No,'&quot; Holly said, passionately. &quot;'You don't understand what
  she'll do to you. She had me last night and... It was... it was horrible.'
  I start to cry. 'We have to get out of here.'&quot;  
&quot;She leans over as far as she can. That isn't far, but you are hanging
  very close together. She kisses you on the lips. It starts out gentle, but
  her tongue slides across your lips and you feel her breasts press against yours.&quot;  
&quot;Oh...&quot; Holly could see the scene clearly, even feel the woman's
  body pressed against hers. She was sure her nipples were pressing against her
  damp bra and by-now see through T-shirt. She hoped they were. Becky would like
  to see that.  
&quot;Finally, her balance gives way and she stumbles back to where she was.
  Her face is red and it takes her a moment to strengthen her leg muscles so
  that she doesn't collapse.&quot;  
&quot;'What was that for?'&quot;  
&quot;She pauses to get her breath back. 'If I don't... if anything happens,
  then... I didn't want the last person I kissed to be that bastard back in Sylthar.'
  She smiles.&quot;  
&quot;She's not the only one. 'My name's Li-zya.'&quot;  
&quot;'Shannon. What brings you here?' She looks down at your slave collar.
  'Did you escape? I won't report you or anything. I wouldn't even if I were
  free, but you'll be in a lot of trouble if you get caught. They treat runaway
  slaves very badly around here.'&quot;  
&quot;'I... well... yes, I escaped. I was Karlanya's prisoner when some slavers
  passed by. They took me for the caravan and... one of the guards brought me
  here to... ah...'&quot;  
&quot;'I can guess.'&quot;  
&quot;'I need to do something. My... lover is in danger. I need to rescue
  her.'&quot; Holly found she was begininng to cry. The thought of what was being
  done to Sancha. Just remembering the description from the priestess of Lir
  of what they would do to her...  
Just a fictional character, but Sancha was real to Holly. She imagined this
  was what Becky had meant when she talked of players becoming attached to their
  characters... and even some of the non-player characters.  
&quot;'Your lover? Lucky girl.'&quot;  
&quot;'She's going to be tortured to death unless I do something for the
  people who have her.'&quot;  
&quot;'Not so lucky. What do you have to do?'&quot;  
Holly thought. The priestess had told her not to tell anyone, but she wasn't
  in Bayrlon now and the chances of her completing this mission alone were...
  small at best. Not to mention that she couldn't do anything at the moment.  
&quot;'There's a renegade priestess in the area. She's stolen some things
  and my... ah... and they want these things returned. Her, as well, if possible.
  I don't know where exactly she is, or what to do when I find her or...'&quot;  
&quot;She chuckles and then coughs, swaying back and forward in her noose.
  'I think I know who you're talking about. I'm an adventurer. I came up here
  because I'd heard rumours there was a sorceress in the area. I was hoping to
  find her lair and steal some of her goods. There's a guy in Sylthar who pays
  very well for sorcerous artefacts. I found out where she is.'&quot;  
&quot;'Where?'&quot;  
&quot;'Just up that path. I was on my way there when I was attacked by that
  woman. I think she's working for the sorceress.'&quot;  
&quot;Oh, no,&quot; Holly whispered, as much as herself as as Li-zya.  
&quot;You can hear Karlanya returning.&quot;  
----------  
NPC Character Sheet:   
Character Name: Ialamis  
Race: Demon-Blooded  
Nationality: Bayrlon  
Skills: Danger Sense  
 Focus  
 Sorcery  
 Seduction  
 Theology (Lir)  
Difficulties:  
 bondage: 21  
 intimidation 18  
 rape 23  
 seduction 27  
 torture 24  
Dominance: +5  
Sorcery Styles:  
Demon Summoning (Contact Demon, Identify Demon, Pact with Greater Demon,
  Summon Lesser Demon)  
Domination (Arouse, Fantasise, Mind-Control, Submit)  
Illusion (Face of Beauty, Heart's Desire)  
Scry (Far-sight, Sense)  
Advantages:  
 Beautiful  
 Demon Pact  
 Sexy  
Disadvantages:  
 Cruel  
 Compulsion (sexually dominate women)  
 Hunted (Sisterhood of Lir)  
 Obligation (Demon Queen Sarbaretha)  
Artefacts:  
 The Gem Stone of Morophla (+2 to all Dominance rolls, +4 difficulty to all
  resistances made against her versus seduction or rape)  
 Serrated Dagger of Blood Bondage (any demonic sacrifices made with this
  dagger store an extra 10 sorcery essence)  
----------  
&quot;You can see ahead of you a large, old building made of a very dark
  grey stone. It's clearly an ancient temple. Something about the design seems
  strange to you, as if your eyes can't quite focus on the shape of the building.
  It seems as if the dimensions don't quite match up. You can hear Shannon make
  a low moan as she evidently notices the same thing you do.  
&quot;In front of the building are two cross-posts, rusty and blood-stained
  manacles hanging from them. There are strange markings carved into the wood
  of the posts.  
&quot;Karlanya leads the two of you up to the building and walks straight
  up to the large, dark portal. Although you thought at irst there was a door,
  there isn't. A wall of darkness passes over you and a cold shiver runs through
  your body. You can hear in your mind low whispers, sibilant and horrifying,
  carrying with them the promise of horrible torture.  
&quot;And you pass through the darkness, coming out into a large, cold chamber.
  There are dark pillars to either side, and some stairs leading up to a great
  monolith. You can feel from staring at it that countless innocents have been
  butchered there. You can see some dark, twisted shape shifting just beneath
  the surface of the stone.&quot;  
Holly shivered, a cold flush running through her. She could see the scene,
  imagine Li-zya's fear.  
She knew on a conscious level that Becky wouldn't kill her character off,
  not unless Holly did something incredibly stupid. Even then, Becky would rather
  just have Li-zya tortured or raped or enslaved or something similar. Holly
  knew that, which was part of the reason she sometimes deliberately did stupid
  things.  
Becky was not a killer Dungeon Mistress, but she did understand that there
  were other ways to instil feelings of fear in her players. Holly liked Li-zya
  and wanted her to be happy. Holly wanted Li-zya to return to Sancha in Bayrlon.
  She wanted Li-zya to survive this. She even wanted Shannon to survive.  
She had an uncomfortable feeling that something was going to go badly wrong
  here.  
If only she'd rolled better while trying to escape from Karlanya. If only
  she'd been able to seduce the guard better at the slave train. If only she'd
  been able to protect Sancha from the priestesses of Lir.  
Oh well. She breathed out. The way to get out of a mess was to stay calm,
  think clearly, come up with a plan and hope your luck holds.  
&quot;A woman appears at the far side of the room and walks down the stairs
  from the monolith. You find yourself staring at her helplessly. She is tall
  and incredibly beautiful, with long legs and a ripe, voluptuous figure barely
  concealed by a sheer, translucent filmy silver gown. Around her slim waist
  she wears a golden belt where a curved, serrated dagger hangs. Her face is
  hidden by a silver mask but you can see her piercing blue eyes studying you
  intently, running slowly up and down your naked body. Her long, silver hair
  streams down her back almost to her waist.  
&quot;Make a resistance to seduction roll.&quot;  
Holly bent over and picked up the dice in her mouth. Stay calm. Think clearly.
  Come up with a plan. Hope your luck holds.  
She looked at the dice. &quot;Four. Plus one...&quot; So much for hoping
  her luck held.  
&quot;Minus four,&quot; added Becky, her eyes sparkling. &quot;She has a
  very high Dominance.&quot;  
&quot;One,&quot; Holly said with a sinking feeling.  
&quot;You feel your knees tremble as she looks at you. If Karlanya weren't
  holding the leash around your neck tightly, you think you'd have fallen to
  the floor to prostrate yourself at her feet. She is the most beautiful, stunning
  woman you can imagine and you want to crawl before her and lick her feet and
  just beg for one moment of a single caress for her.&quot;  
Holly closed her eyes, shifting her legs awkwardly, biting her lip to keep
  herself from moaning.  
So much for keeping calm.  
----------  
Session Four - Li-zya and Mistress Tenchite   
   
The whip cracked against the naked girl's back and Li-zya let out
      an anguished cry of pain. Tears shone in her lovely eyes and her nubile
      body quivered with the aftershocks.   
   
Through blurry eyes, she could see Sancha struggling against her
      bonds. The young, dark-haired slaver in training fought hard, but the two
      female guards held her tight, their hands groping her mercilessly, enjoying
      their exploration of her body.   
   
Another blow struck Li-zya and then another. The helpless girl
      had given up her futile attempts at stoicism and she howled with agony
      at each strike.   
&quot;You have earned this punishment,&quot; hissed the cruel voice
      of the Lady Tenchite from behind the trembling slave girl. &quot;I own
      you. I bought you with hard coin. Your every look, every touch, every caress
      belongs to me. Every inch of your hide belongs to me and it is for me to
      decide whether to brush it lightly with a single finger tip.&quot; And
      so she did, trailing a slow and gentle touch down the inside of Li-zya's
      thigh.   
   
&quot;Or crush it with the lash.&quot; And she did that too. Another
      blow struck squarely on Li-zya's buttocks. The golden girl shook, but the
      leather clasps that held her wrists and ankles in place were too tight.   
   
&quot;And to see you lying with one of my servants.&quot; One hand
      reached around the hanging slave girl and cruelly gripped a single breast,
      sweat trickling down the front of Li-zya's body. &quot;You are mine and
      belong to no one else.   
   
&quot;Guards!&quot; the cruel slaver called out. &quot;Take that
      slut away.&quot; She waved at Sancha. &quot;See that she is enslaved and
      then have her raped. I want her a cringing, wretched slut by the end of
      the day. Then... I am sure there is a dockside tavern where sailors will
      pay a pittance for the joy of fucking her senseless.&quot;   
   
&quot;No!&quot; Li-zya called out. &quot;Sancha!&quot;   
   
Sancha called out her name desperately, but for all her struggles,
      there was nothing she could do as she was dragged away.   
   
&quot;Do not fear overmuch for her,&quot; purred the cruel voice
      of the lady Tenchite. &quot;You will soon come to envy her. After what
      I will do to you, her fate of spreading her legs for every wretch and lowly
      with a single copper coin will seem like the palace of infinite pleasure
      by comparison.   
   
&quot;Oh, yes... you will suffer indeed.&quot;   
----------  
Becky put on what she thought of as her 'seductive domme' voice. She only
  had a few different voices she could use for characters. There was the 'little
  child' voice (non-sexual situations only), the 'comedy lisp' voice, the 'whisper',
  the 'loving girlfriend' voice (very similar to her normal voice), the 'demon'
  voice and the 'arrogant noble' voice.  
The 'seductive domme' voice was a little hoarse, a little dry, deliberate
  in tone and delivery. Becky was no actress, but she had learned to do something
  to differentiate her characters. Unfortunately, Ialamis did sound similar to
  Kuu-nah and Lady Tenchite and Senyakhaz the sorceress and one or two others.  
But, hey, Holly seemed to like it.  
Ialamis had had Karlanya take Shannon to a cell, while she brought Li-zya
  to her private bedroom. Li-zya was of course, just too sexy to leave for later
  and the passionate renegade priestess just had to take her now.  
Looking at Holly sitting there, half-naked and still damp from the water,
  with that gorgeous look of fear and desire in her eyes... Becky knew how Ialamis
  felt.  
With some effort, she managed to set herself in Ialamis' frame of mind. The
  renegade priestess knew that her former sisters of Lir would be intent on tracking
  her down. She was confident that her magical shielding would protect her from
  their scrying spells.  
On the other hand, she knew that they would find her eventually. Her goal
  was to break their power and take over their spheres of influence as head of
  a new corrupt sisterhood, worshipping her demonic patron, Sarbaretha.  
She needed to build up her power to do this. She also needed to keep Sarbaretha
  happy with regular sacrifices. Ialamis gained her power through sexual torture
  and domination of beautiful women. Each act of rape or forced humiliation granted
  her more power.  
What she should be doing was have Li-zya whipped and tortured and raped while
  tied to the monolith. This would all be part of a ritual that wold culminate
  in Sarbaretha Herself appearing to drag Li-zya screaming to the Demon Realms
  and - possibly - granting Ialamis another demonic power or knowledge of another
  spell in return.  
But, Becky decided, Ialamis would rather bring Li-zya to her personal bed
  chamber for some private fun first. Li-zya was just too beautiful for anything
  else.  
Becky looked at Holly and contemplated taking her to her own private bed
  chamber.  
&quot;You are forced to kneel beside the bed while she turns to a cabinet.
  You see her pour a drink into two glasses. It's red and thick and you can smell
  it from far across the room. You become a little light-headed as you inhale
  the aroma. She turns back to you and you see once again her beautiful features,
  so reminiscent of Sancha. You can almost imagine it is Sancha herself in this
  room.&quot;  
Ialamis had removed her mask, but she had cast her spell of Face of Beauty.
  Holly had, not surprisingly, failed her resistance to seduction roll and saw
  Ialamis as looking very similar to the person she most desired - Sancha.  
&quot;She hands you the glass. 'Drink,' she says,&quot; Becky putting on
  her seductive domme voice.  
&quot;I take the glass,&quot; Holly said. &quot;Dungeon Mistress, a quick
  question?&quot;  
&quot;Yes?&quot; Becky had been busily trying to envision all the things
  Ialamis would want to do to Li-zya. It as a fairly long list.  
&quot;My hands are free?&quot;  
&quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;Does she have a weapon?&quot;  
&quot;Not that you can see. She set the dagger down at the cabinet when she
  poured the drinks.&quot;  
&quot;And she's not wearing the mask any more?&quot;  
&quot;No.&quot;  
Holly breathed out slowly and nodded. &quot;I throw the drink in her face!&quot; she
  called out. &quot;I jump up and punch her. And then I'll try to grab the dagger.&quot;  
&quot;Uh...&quot; Becky paused. What now? Think quickly. Holly hadn't drunk
  the aphrodisiac wine yet. She was tired and hurt. But Ialamis was distracted
  and wasn't carrying any of her magic items.  
&quot;I know she looks like Sancha to me,&quot; Holly explained. &quot;But
  I think that would just make me more determined to defeat her, by reminding
  me of the real Sancha and of how much danger she's in. I know this can't be
  here. The hair colour's different for one thing and this would only make it
  clearer to me that this is just an illusion.&quot; She paused. &quot;Well,
  Dungeon Mistress?&quot;  
There was that look on her face, that wistful, pleading look.  
&quot;Okay,&quot; Becky said, in something of a daze. &quot;Uh... You throw
  the wine in her face. Some of it falls into her mouth.&quot; Becky rolled a
  dice quickly. Nineteen. Huh. No, fudge that roll. &quot;She obviously fails
  her resistance to seduction roll and just stands there for a moment, eyes half-closed,
  swaying back and forth in blissful ecstacy.&quot; Never let the dice get in
  the way of a good plan. Or even a half-way decent plan.  
&quot;I leap up and punch her in the face.&quot;  
&quot;You hit her easily. No need to roll. She falls back reeling.&quot;  
&quot;I try and grab the dagger. I need a weapon.&quot;  
&quot;Uh... sweetie... you do know that's a potent and evil artefact of Lir.
  It's one of the things the priestess demanded you return. Using it in combat
  might be dangerous.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, but I know she's a sorceress. I won't stand a chance if she starts
  using her spells on me. I take it I can't see any other weapons around?&quot;  
&quot;No.&quot;  
&quot;Then I'll need that one. Besides, I'll need to carry it back to Bayrlon
  later anyway. I should be all right.&quot;  
&quot;Okay. You make for the dagger. Ialamis staggers up and begins a spell.
  Roll for initiative.&quot;  
&quot;Twelve.&quot;  
&quot;She only gets nine. She's going to cast a spell on you.&quot;  
&quot;Beat her. Great.&quot; Holly was smiling from ear to ear. It wasn't
  often things started going her way. &quot;I grab the dagger and try to hit
  her with it.&quot;  
&quot;You were warned, darling. Your hand closes around the dagger's hilt
  and you suddenly feel a chill run through you. A cold bead of sweat trickles
  down your front and you feel a terrible, evil presence in your mind. Your heart
  starts to quicken and you feel a paralysing aura of fear grip you. Resistance
  to torture, sweetie. At minus four.&quot;  
Holly gulped, sliding down to the floor. She bent over and picked up the
  dice. It slipped out of her mouth and rolled a few inches before settling on
  a three. &quot;No,&quot; she protested. &quot;That doesn't count. That wasn't
  a real roll.&quot;  
Becky considered it for a moment. It looked like a proper roll to her and
  she had always believed that a roll was a roll and no 'that dice was cocked'
  or 'it didn't land on the table' was going to persuade her otherwise.  
But... Holly did look very nice on her knees like that. The longer Becky
  kept her there, the more she could enjoy the view. &quot;Okay,&quot; she said,
  magnanimously. &quot;You can re-roll.&quot; The look of gratitude on Holly's
  face was something to behold.  
The look of gratitude faded when she saw the result of the roll. &quot;One,&quot; she
  said, hollowly. &quot;Botched.&quot;  
&quot;Your heart almost stops as you collapse backwards. Fortunately, you
  release your grip on the dagger as you fall and the cold feeling passes. Your
  head is still swimming however. And, of course, Ialamis has time to complete
  her spell.&quot;  
&quot;Of all the times to botch,&quot; Holly moaned. She glared at the dice. &quot;You're
  going in the freezer,&quot; she moaned. &quot;Can I have a new dice, Dungeon
  Mistress? I think this one's broken.&quot;  
&quot;Not in the middle of a game, dear. Roll resistance to seduction. The
  difficulty is...&quot; Becky made a quick calculation, basde on Ialamis' usual
  seduction difficulty, the heavy penalties for casting the spell so quickly,
  the effects of the aphrodisiac wine in her system and and the plus four modifier
  for her item, the Gem Stone of Morophla. She whistled. &quot;Eighteen. Do-able,
  I suppose.&quot;  
&quot;Not like that,&quot; Holly moaned. &quot;Only thirteen.&quot;  
&quot;You feel a sense of sudden and powerful arousal fill your body. Your
  nipples harden, your muscles begin to tremble, your fingers claw and grasp,
  your mouth becomes dry. Your heart pounds quicker and quicker. Ialamis is upon
  you instantly, her hands brushing through your hair and her body close to yours.
  You feel part of your energy drain away into hers as she kisses you passionately.
  You are helpless to resist and find you do not even want to.  
&quot;Take another health level of damage.&quot;  
Holly sighed, tears of frustration in her eyes. She was already on the floor
  and she simply rose up onto her knees. Becky walked over to her. She couldn't
  resist the urge to brush a hand through her hair, precisely as she had described
  Ialamis doing to Li-zya.  
She brushed her hand up inside Holly's damp T-shirt, caressing her midriff.
  Holly moaned as she did so. The T-shirt gently peeled off her skin as Becky
  lifted it upwards, over her small and perfect breasts, over her head and down
  onto her upper arms. Holly's hands were still cuffed but, unlike when Becky
  had removed her jumper, she had no wish to undo the handcuffs this time. Holly
  looked too perfect like that.  
Becky knelt down beside her. &quot;Ialamis draws away from her kiss and stares
  deep into your eyes.&quot; Becky stared deep into Holly's. &quot;She touches
  the side of your neck and begins to move her hand slowly down your body.&quot; Becky
  did likewise.  
&quot;'That was not very nice, my pet,' she purrs.&quot; Becky kissed the
  side of Holly's neck. &quot;'But I will forgive you.' She kisses your breast,
  taking your nipple in her mouth.&quot; Holly was wearing a bra, but she kissed
  the top of her breast, licking her skin, damp with sweat and cola and water. &quot;Her
  hand reaches between your legs and she caresses you there.&quot;  
Becky's hand slipped into Holly's panties, brushing her gently. Holly moaned.
  Well, out of character and in character seemed pretty much the same thing at
  the moment.  
&quot;'Tell me you want me.'&quot;  
&quot;'I want you.'&quot;  
&quot;'Beg me to touch you.'&quot;  
&quot;'Touch me.'&quot;  
&quot;'Beg me to kiss you.'&quot;  
&quot;'Kiss me.'&quot;  
Becky obliged, just as did Ialamis. This kiss didn't drain energy however.
  That only applied to the first kiss following an Arouse spell. Although Becky
  did very much want to take off more of Holly's clothes.  
&quot;'Beg me to rape you.'&quot;  
&quot;'Oh, rape me.'&quot; Holly's eyes were closed. Becky slid her hand
  into Holly's body. &quot;'Oh, rape me, Sancha.'&quot;  
It took Becky a moment to realise what Holly had just said and she pulled
  back. Clever girl.  
Very clever girl. She would have to get punished for this later.  
&quot;Ialamis steps back from you.&quot; Becky stood back and fell into her
  Dungeon Mistress' chair. &quot;She looks down at you and the illusion around
  her appearance flickers. &quot;'You lie with me and you think of another woman.
  How dare you?'&quot;  
Holly was panting desperately. Her panties had slid down little, revealing
  some dark hair. Becky had to tear her gaze up to Holly's face.  
&quot;'How dare you? I know spells that could sear your mind away, reduce
  you to nothing but a whimpering slave, desperate to obey my every whim.'&quot; She
  did, as well. &quot;'How dare you think of another?  
&quot;'Well, I shall teach you the penalty for this. I would have given you
  the utmost ecstacy, but instead you have chosen the sublimest pain. We will
  see whose name you scream when your soul feeds my demonic patron!'&quot;  
Holly gulped.  
----------  
Ialamis' Spells:   
Demon Summoning Sorcery Style:  
Contact Demon - Cost: 4 sorcery essence. This allows her to make summon and
  bargain with one of the lesser demonic entities of the Demon Realms. This is
  only an invitation and not a command, and so the demon does not have to attend,
  but many lesser demons will, if only out of curiosity.  
Identify Demon - Cost: 2. This grants her knowledge of the type and nature
  of any demon she interacts with. It also identifies whether a mortal or artefact
  carries any demonic taint or has made pacts with demons. This spell grants
  a bonus of +2 to any resistance rolls against a demon successfully identified.
  Demon Lords are adept at hiding their true natures and may appear to be lesser
  than they truly are, or hide themselves altogether.  
Pact With Greater Demon - Cost: 15. This allows her to call on a demon of
  Lord status or greater. She will be protected from its powers for the duration
  of the discussion and gains +10 to all resistance rolls against the demon called.
  However, this benefit does not last beyond the duration of the discussion and
  the demon may return of its own will later unless a satisfactory accord has
  been reached. The Demon Lord may not be compelled to take any action and any
  service provided must be the result of agreement and compromise.  
Domination Sorcery Style:  
Arouse - Cost 5. The target must make a successful resistance versus seduction
  roll, at a difficulty of Ialamis' seduction roll. If the target succeeds, there
  is no effect. If she fails, she is instantly aroused to the point of near orgasm.
  This makes her at -5 to all further resistance versus seduction, rape or torture
  rolls against Ialamis. Ialamis can also drain one health level from the victim
  with a kiss. This spell takes three rounds to cast, with a -5 penalty for each
  round less than that.  
Fantasise - Cost 2. Ialamis becomes instantly aware of the fetish or kink
  that most arouses the target of this spell. She is aware of the particlar sex
  or race that the target finds most desirable, as well as all the qualities
  the target is looking for in a lover.  
Mind-Control - Cost 10. This gives Ialamis complete control over the victim.
  For this spell to succeed, the victim must fail a resistance versus fear roll
  against her seducton roll. If the target succeeds, this spell cannot be cast
  on her for the next day. If she fails, she has to obey any order Ialamis gives
  her. She may try to resist any suicidal, shameful or humiliating orders with
  a successful resistance roll of the relevant type, at a cumulative +1 difficulty
  for each failed roll made. Ialamis gains 5 sorcery essence points for each
  act of rape, torture or bondage enacted upon someone affected by this spell.  
Submit - Cost 6.The target must roll resistance versus seduction against
  Ialamis' Dominance roll or see Ialamis as her natural Mistress. She will not
  consider opposing Ialamis in any way and will consider it reasonable for Ialamis
  to give her orders. The effects of this spell end if the target is given any
  orders that will harm herself or her friends or lovers. It is best used as
  a subtle, long-term method of control, as it will over time make any instructions
  seems perfectly reasonable. This is the spell Ialamis has used to control Karlanya.  
Illusion Sorcery Style:  
Face of Beauty - Cost 3. The target must roll a resistance versus seduction
  roll against Ialamis' seduction difficulty or see Ialamis as resembling the
  person she most loves. Over time, Ialamis will come to be associated with that
  person in the victim's mind and the feelings of love and affection will transfer
  over to her.  
Heart's Desire - Cost 8. The target must roll resistance versus seduction
  or believe genuinely that the one person or thing she most wants is just nearby
  but out of sight - eg. in the next room, over that hill, around that fork in
  the road. She will remain convinced of this and when it cannot be found, will
  be certain it has been stolen / kidnapped etc.  
Scrying Sorcery Style:  
Far-sight - Cost 5 per hour. Ialamis can see for up to five miles in any
  direction of her as if she were a bird flying directly over head. This spell
  cannot be used inside or underground and it may be fooled by sorcerous illusions
  or even simple disguises.  
Sense - Cost 6. Ialamis is aware of any sorcerous effects present within
  her line of sight. This includes anyone magically concealed, any illusion spells
  active or any enchanted or blessed artefacts. She does not know the exact nature
  of this effect, but she will know how many there are and where they are.  
----------  
&quot;The stone feels cold and clammy against your back. As your body is
  pressed against it, you hear the distant, echoing screams of all the women
  who have been sacrificed here, dying in terror and agony, their souls sent
  to feed hideous, unimaginable demonic forces. Ialamis wraps the thin, black
  rope tightly around you and it takes all you have to not cry out as it cuts
  into your soft flesh.&quot;  
Holly was shaking as she listened to Becky describing her fate. This was
  not what she had hoped for. It had taken everything she had to call out for
  Sancha when Becky... er, Ialamis had been seducing her. She knew that if Li-zya
  had been seduced by the priestess that her soul would be part way towards damnation.
  She had experienced the horrible lures of sex magic with Kuu-nah back in Session
  1. Calling out Sancha's name had been the only thing she could think of to
  avoid that fate.  
Only she had expected to be taken to the cells. Perhaps Ialamis would bring
  Shannon to her bed chamber instead.  
She certainly hadn't planned on the renegade priestess beginning a sacrificial
  ritual straight away. Didn't the stars have to be aligned or something first?  
&quot;Ialamis looks at her and you can see her beautiful face twisted into
  a hateful fury as she studies you. She caresses the curved dagger in her long-fingered
  hands, running her eyes up and down your naked body.&quot;  
Becky did the same, causing Holly to shiver. She wished her panties hadn't
  slid down slightly. She felt so... awkward like this. If only she could...
  She strained with her bound hands to try and reach the waistband. Almost...  
Then she stopped. Becky was enjoying that.  
Think of a plan. Quick!  
Umm...  
No, nothing.  
Well, there was always her back-up plan.  
When in doubt, seduce the NPC. It had worked on the guard earlier, after
  all.  
&quot;'Please,' I call out. 'Mistress, I'm sorry. Please, forgive me!'&quot;  
&quot;'Silence!' she barks. 'If I did not want to hear you scream so much,
  I would have you gagged.'&quot;  
&quot;'Mistress, spare me... I'll do anything. I'll submit to anything. Whip
  me! Beat me! Rape me! I'll kiss you all over. I'll lick you over and over.
  I'll... uh...'&quot; Holly froze. Think! &quot;'I'll worship you and love you
  and adore you. Please, Mistress.'&quot;  
&quot;'Silence...' She stops and looks at you. 'Well... perhaps I can find
  some other use for you than a sacrifice. Prove your devotion to me and I shall
  consider sparing your life. At least for now.'&quot;  
&quot;'Anything, Mistress.'&quot;  
&quot;'I want you to tell me how much you love me.'&quot;  
Was that all? This would be easy. Unless she had some spell to make Li-zya's
  words come true and really bind her into loving her. Well, that had to be chanced. &quot;'I
  love you, Mistress. I adore you. I...'&quot;  
&quot;'Not now! But soon. Wait a moment. My other little pet will be here
  soon.' A few moments pass, each one dragging as an eternity as you strain against
  the tightness of your bonds and the way they dig into your flesh. Each breath
  you take causes them to cut tighter into you.  
&quot;Finally, Karlanya appears in the chamber. She approaches Ialamis with
  a blank, glassy-eyed expression. Her tunic is open at the front to reveal her
  ripe breasts slick with sweat and her loins dripping with arousal. Ialamis
  looks at her. 'What have you been doing?' she asks.  
&quot;Karlanya replies in an empty, hollow voice. 'Raping the other slave,
  Mistress.'  
&quot;'Well, you may have your fun with her later. For now, you are to whip
  this one. Slave whore! After every blow you are to tell me how much you adore
  me and all the things you wish to do to me, or have me do to you.  
&quot;'Karlanya. Start.'&quot;  
Holly swallowed, tensing her whole body as if she were the one about to be
  whipped. Becky didn't like whipping her or doing anything that would hurt.
  But the fantasy of it happening seemed almost as frightening as the thought
  of it actually happening.  
Stay calm. She could survive this. Being whipped was better than being sacrificed
  to a demon, after all.  
&quot;Karlanya unfolds a long, dark leather whip and flexes it in the air
  with a practiced hand. You can tell she is very skilled with such a weapon.
  Still glassy eyed and vacant, she nevertheless takes up an appropriate position
  and draws the whip back.&quot;  
Holly tensed.  
&quot;Crack!&quot;  
Holly cried out. She looked at Becky and saw the Dungeon Mistress trying
  to restrain from smiling.  
&quot;The whip lands squarely across your bare breasts, causing you to cry
  out in pain. The impact causes tears to rise in your eyes. Ialamis stares at
  you. 'Well?' she says.&quot;  
&quot;'Mistress, I...'&quot; Holly began, before pausing. Oh, what to say? &quot;'Mistress,
  I love you. You are beautiful and powerful. I wish nothing more than to kneel
  at your feet and run my tongue up and down your... um... your long and perfect
  legs, licking every inch of your flawless ivory skin.'&quot; Holly paused,
  panting.  
&quot;She looks satisfied and nods at Karlanya. The next blow strikes across
  your belly. You wish your body could jerk and move with the force of the impact,
  but as tightly bound as you are, you cannot move even a fraction of an inch.
  The ropes cut deeper into you as your body writhes instinctively against the
  pain. Ialamis studies your pain-wracked face intently.&quot;  
&quot;'Mistress... you... you are everything I have ever desired. I have
  yearned to serve a strong and beautiful woman, who would treat me as... as...
  as the worthless and wretched slave I have always known myself to be. I would
  beg to be tied up by you and would plead and cringe each day for... for the
  merest glance or gesture from you upon my worthless self.'&quot;  
Becky's eyes were shining. Holly could tell that she was enjoying this. Holly
  was sort of enjoying it herself. There was something wonderful in proclaiming
  herself a slave so abjectly and shamefully, even if it was - in part, at least
  - a bluff.  
&quot;Another blow strikes your upper thighs, exactly where the tight rope
  secures you to the monolith. The rope cuts deeper into you and you can feel
  trickles of warm blood begin to run down your legs. Ialamis licks her lips
  very slowly as she studies you.&quot;  
&quot;'I know in my heart that I am unworthy of you and that I am a mere
  slave, fit only for... for...'&quot; Wait. Don't say anything that would make
  her want to kill you. Oh... Becky's looking at me. &quot;'For being raped and
  abused and to jump to your slightest whim. I promise to treat your every word
  as a command from the heavens and worship you as my own deity, grateful and
  accepting of any blessing or curse you bestow upon me.'&quot;  
&quot;She pauses, thinking. 'One more,' she announces at last. 'And this
  last protestion of your adoration had best be interesting.' The whip strikes
  your breasts again, raising welts and blood as it hits you. I'm sorry, sweetie,
  but that's another level of damage.&quot;  
Holly's breath became quicker. She had been expecting some damage from this.
  That would be her bra and leave her only in her panties.  
Becky moved forward, reached behind her, her body close up against Holly's
  own. She unclipped the strapless bra and pulled it aside, tossing it onto the
  floor.  
&quot;She approaches you, standing near to your battered and bleeding body.
  You can feel her breath on your cheek and her eyes are captiating as she looks
  deep into yours. 'Well?'&quot;  
&quot;'I love you, my Mistress and I swear I will love no other again.'&quot;  
&quot;She kisses you, gently and steps back.&quot; Becky kissed her, but
  didn't move back as far as Ialamis evidently did. &quot;She unties the ropes
  and allows you to falteringly step forward. She regards you carefully.&quot;  
&quot;I step forward into her arms and kiss her, respectfully, but also helplessly...
  pasionately. I want her and cannot help myself.&quot; Holly knew that feeling
  well. &quot;I am just a worthless slave girl after all, unable to help my feeling
  of desire for this beautiful and powerful sorceress.&quot;  
&quot;She takes you into her arms and returns the kiss.&quot;  
&quot;Good.&quot; Holly breathed out. &quot;I grab the dagger from her belt
  and plunge it into her back.&quot;  
Becky blinked and took another step back. &quot;What?&quot;  
----------  
Session Five - Li-zya and the Priestess of Lir   
The golden skinned beauty stared up in horror at the sight of her
      lover. Sancha was hanging by her wrists from a thin golden rope that seemed
      surely incapable of bearing her weight. Her red lips were parted by a thick,
      ball-shaped gag and her eyes were wide with pain and fear. Her arms were
      visibly trembling from the pain of her bondage.   
   
She hung over a deep, dark pit from which arose a smell so unutterably
      foul that Li-zya wanted to wretch and vomit just from being this close
      to it. Only thoughts of Sancha in danger focused her mind.   
   
&quot;I trust now that you know we mean what we say,&quot; said
      the silver-masked priestess of Lir. She folded her arms beneath ample breasts.   
   
&quot;Don't hurt her!&quot; Li-zya called out, still staring at
      her lover, remembering how she had pleaded with another heartless woman
      for the life of her beloved.   
   
&quot;We will hurt her if we so wish, and you as well. You are
      in our sanctum and at our mercy.&quot;   
   
&quot;No,&quot; Li-zya whispered. Less than two hours ago, she
      had been lying naked in Sancha's arms, writhing and crying out with passionate
      ecstacy, brought so near to, but denied the moment of ultimate bliss before
      Sancha's skilled tongue and fingers.    
   
And now this...   
   
&quot;Yes. You are fortunate, though, that we require something
      else from you. Fulfill a task for us and we will permit her to leave, and
      guarantee both of your safety.&quot;   
   
There was no doubt, no hesitation. &quot;What is this task?&quot;   
   
The woman's voice had the feel of a smile behind it. &quot;Well
      now, come with me and I shall be sure to describe it to you in great detail.&quot;   
   
----------  
&quot;She reels back, blood trickling from the wound in her side. She places
  one hand against it in an attempt to stem the bleeding. She looks at you, dark
  fury in her eyes. 'You...' she begins. 'You...'&quot;  
&quot;I lunge at her again. Do I still have the dagger?&quot;  
&quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;I try to stab her again, in the heart this time. Or near enough.&quot;  
&quot;Hmm...&quot; Becky paused, and reached up for her notes. She flicked
  through them quickly, picking her the description of the dagger. &quot;As your
  hand closes over the dagger's hilt, some of her blood runs down the blade and
  lands on your fingers. You can feel again the paralysing fear grip you and
  taste the blood of all those innocents the dagger has killed. Its evil begins
  to seep into you. Resistance to torture.&quot;  
The roll had been at minus four last time. Would it be more or less this
  time? Hmm... Holly had held it before, which should help her become used to
  it somehow, but then she had drawn blood with it. &quot;At minus two,&quot; Becky
  announced.  
&quot;Umm... Dungeon Mistress,&quot; Holly said, making an expression that
  could only be described at fluttering her eyelashes. Becky had never seen anyone
  actually do that before, but the effect was... interesting. &quot;Before I
  roll, there was something.&quot;  
&quot;Yes?&quot; Becky wasn't sure what to make of this. Evidently Holly
  had a plan, but what? She was getting to be very good at coming up with devious
  ways to get out of trouble.  
&quot;I'm not going to try and resist the evil power in the knife. I want
  to try and bargain with it.&quot;  
&quot;You want to what?&quot; Becky hadn't seen that coming.  
&quot;As I strike I am going to say, 'I dedicate this death to Lir.'&quot;  
&quot;Uhh... okay...&quot; Becky really hadn't been expecting that. Okay,
  this was part of what running a game was all about. Thinking on your feet.
  The trouble as, it was hard to think at all when staring at Holly looking like
  that, apart from thinking about what to do in bed with her.  
Right, the dagger had been an artefact of Lir. Ialamis had stole it and made
  sacrifices with it dedicated to her own demonic patron, Sarbaretha. Lir and
  Sarbaretha were not enemies as such, and the link with Sarbaretha came through
  the monolith, not the dagger.  
&quot;Okay. As you say that, Ialamis' expression twists into terror and she
  immediately tries to cast a spell. Roll for initiative.&quot;  
&quot;Fifteen.&quot;  
&quot;Ah... she only gets thirteen. Okay, sweetie.&quot;  
&quot;I lunge at her and I say 'I dedicate this death to Lir'.&quot;  
&quot;She tries to dodge out of the way. Your strike cuts into her side.
  The dagger seems to hum in your hands and the cold, sick feeling in your stomach
  gets worse. You can feel a foul, fetid breath run through you and a hoarse
  chuckle seems to come from nowhere as you strike.  
&quot;'No!' Ialamis cries out. She's bleeding quite badly now. 'Sarbaretha!
  Heed me! I have served you well! Take this slut!'&quot;  
Holly gulped. &quot;I keep pressing my attack.&quot;  
&quot;The monolith seems to pulse, almost like an egg about to hatch. Long
  hands reach out of it, many fingers ending in sharp claws. They grow longer,
  dark, spindly arms rising behind them from the stone. You remember being bound
  to it and you imagine those hands grasping your naked, bound body. A face twists
  from the dark stone. A face both beautiful and hideous, almost avian in appearance.&quot;  
Becky coughed and breathed out, readying a new voice. She called it the 'terrifying
  demon' voice.  
&quot;'Oh no,' calls a hideous voice. 'You have not served me well at all.
  This one was promised to me and you sought to keep her for yourself. You have
  broken our covenant and I do not tolerate oathbreakers.'&quot;  
&quot;How long are the arms?&quot; Holly asked.  
&quot;Quite long,&quot; Becky said. Her voice was hoarse now. The 'terrifying
  demon' voice was not easy to do. &quot;About five feet.&quot;  
&quot;I try and circle around Ialamis, see if I can manoeuvre her towards
  the arms.&quot;  
&quot;She's paying half attention to you and half to the monolith. She is
  slowly stepping around you, one hand pressed to the wound at her side.&quot;  
&quot;I charge at her!&quot;  
&quot;She tries to dodge, but she's off balance and falls over as you barrel
  into her. She has time for a startled scream as one hand grabs her and pulls
  her towards the stone. Make a Dodge roll yourself, sweetie.&quot;  
&quot;Umm... only ten. Is that bad?&quot;  
It could very well be, but Becky knew the cardinal rule of running a game.
  Always let the player win. Of course, she had to make it difficult in the meantime.  
&quot;You fall over yourself, landing awkwardly on the stone steps. As you
  struggle to rise, you feel one of the cold, filthy stone hands claw over your
  ankle. Ialamis' screams fade as the arm secures a firm grip on her and pulls
  her into the monolith. The stone parts like water and the writhing woman disappears
  into it. The hand and arm are gone, but the one holding you remains. It begins
  to slowly and inexorably pull you towards the stone as well.&quot;  
&quot;Oh...&quot; Holly's face was white. &quot;I try and claw my way way.&quot;  
&quot;Resistance to bondage roll. At minus ten.&quot;  
&quot;Minus ten?&quot; Nevertheless, Holly rolled and whimpered when she
  saw the result, shaking her head mournfully.  
&quot;You struggle, but the grip is unnaturally strong on your ankle. The
  demon is far, far stronger than you are. You can feel it studying you and you
  know that you cannot begin to comprehend the tortures in line for you in its
  twisted home.&quot;  
&quot;Ah! Um...&quot; Her eyes lit up. &quot;The dagger! Do I still have
  the dagger, or did I drop it?&quot;  
&quot;Umm... no. You're still holding it.&quot;  
&quot;I slash at the arm with the dagger. As I do, I call out 'Lir, help
  me!'&quot;  
Another call to Lir. Well, well. This litle development would get interesting
  later. &quot;Roll resistance to seduction, sweetie.&quot;  
&quot;Seduction? But... why?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, no reason. Nothing to worry about.&quot;  
Now Holly looked dubious. She was smart enough to know that whenever Becky
  said that, there really was something to worry about. But still, she must have
  known there would be consequences to calling on Lir's power while using one
  of Lir's artefacts. Lir was not a nice Goddess. In fact, she embodied rape,
  sexual slavery, torture, domination and various twisted and unpleasant things.  
&quot;Fourteen. Without any modifiers. Is that good? It's not bad.&quot;  
&quot;That's fine. Nothing to worry about.&quot; Becky made a mental note
  to give the priestesses of Lir some future bonuses in their dealings with Li-zya
  to reflect her opening herself up to Lir's corruption.  
&quot;Now, where were we? Oh, yes. You plunge the dagger into the arm. Although
  it looks and feels like stone, the dagger enters as easily as if it were butter.
  You hear a furious shriek of pain and the fingers relax their grip for a moment.&quot;  
&quot;I pull my leg free and scurry away from the monolith.&quot;  
&quot;You do that. The image of the face begins to fade into the stone, but
  just before it does, you hear the hideous demon voice again. 'You will be mine.
  I promise you this, and each day in my hands will feel lik a century of torment
  for you. Listen to the screams of my former servant if you doubt me.' And you
  hear a long, despairing cry come from Ialamis.  
&quot;And then, a moment later, the stone is calm again, silent, the images
  gone.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, thank God,&quot; Holly breathed. &quot;I don't believe it. You
  know, Dungeon Mistress, I really didn't think I'd get out of that one. I get
  up. I wonder if I should let Shannon out first. There should be some clothes
  here, I guess. And I should find those artefacts. That knife is one, but...&quot;  
&quot;Uh... sweetie, darling, sexy gorgeous. You forgot something?&quot;  
Holly blinked. &quot;What?&quot;  
&quot;Or rather someone. She was standing motionless as you fought, trapped
  by Ialamis' spell of obedience, but now that the former priestess has gone,
  she bursts into action.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, no...&quot; Holly breathed. &quot;No, Dungeon Mistress, I...&quot;  
&quot;You feel a hard blow strike the back of your head and you go crashing
  to the ground. Lose your last health level, sweetie. And with that injury,
  you pass out.&quot;  
&quot;Nooooo,&quot; Holly moaned, pouting. She stood up sulkily, and spread
  her legs very slightly apart. Grinning in triumph, Becky walked over to her,
  knelt down and very slowly, very gradually, began to pull down Holly's panties,
  leaving her player entirely naked.  
Oddly enough, this tended to happen every session.  
----------  
Session Six - Li-zya Tortured   
The hot sun beat down on Li-zya's naked body, stretched tightly
      and mercilessly by the ropes affixed to the pegs buried hard into the ground.
      There were not the slightest breath of give in the tight bonds and the
      lovely young girl was trapped there, spreadeagled open and vulnerable.   
   
They moved around her as vultures hovering over a corpse. Each
      one cast her an admiring, possesive gaze, their eyes trailing over every
      inch of the young girl's luscious body, a particularly desirable and tempting
      meal they would soon devour.   
   
She tried to plead for mercy, but none was forthcoming. Not one
      of them answered her pleas, or even acknowedged them. To do so would mean
      recognising that she was a person and none of them wished to do that. To
      them, she was just meat. Just a pet. Just a toy.   
   
She began to cry, the straining in her muscles almost beyond endurance.
      She was not tall and someone far larger than her would have suffered bound
      taut in such a position. The sun was mercilessly on her light golden skin.
      Soon, blisters would rise. She knew it.   
   
They waited and watched, with inhuman patience. The beautiful girl
      tempted them all, but they did not act, not yet. Their leader had not permitted
      them to and she was motivated by a force none of them understood, or even
      knew.   
   
But soon... soon... she would give the signal, and then they would
      fall on her, and the helpless beauty would learn a great many lessons in
      the art of torture and humiliation and pain and rape...   
   
All things sacred to the dark sorceress whose shadow fell over
      Karlanya, the bandit queen.   
----------  
&quot;Your eyes open to a bright and painful light. You blink for a moment
  and then realise that you aren't bound. You're lying on a soft, warm bed and
  realise that this is the nicest awakening you have had since you left Bayrlon.&quot;  
Holly looked confused. She also looked adorable, sitting there on the floor,
  naked, cross-legged, hands behind her back.  
Becky wanted her, wanted her very badly, but she could restrain herself now,
  these last few minutes. End the session on a positive note, an appropriate
  finishing point. Then, she could do things to Holly. Lots of things. It was
  Monday tomorrow. There was work at university and responsibilities and money
  worries and all the things she worried about normally.  
But that was tomorrow.  
&quot;I look around. Where am I?&quot;  
&quot;As you get up, the fur sheet on top of you slides away. You're in a
  small room, made of the same grey stone as the temple, but the cold and unpleasant
  atmosphere seems to have faded.&quot;  
&quot;Did I have any dreams?&quot; Li-zya had had problems with demons and
  dreams before.  
&quot;Not that you remember. You feel perfectly rested.&quot;  
&quot;Have I healed at all?&quot;  
&quot;A little and no, sweetie, I'm not putting any clothes on you.&quot; Holly
  blushed and looked away. She didn't try to hide her nakedness though. Sometimes
  they did play that way. If Li-Zya healed any of her injuries, Becky allowed
  Holly to put on some more clothes to reflect the restored health levels. Odly,
  while the clothes Holly lost were all casual and plain and normal, the clothes
  she put on were silky and lacey and very sexy.  
But not this time. The session was almost over, after all.  
&quot;You can see someone kneeling in the far corner of the room. As you
  look closer, you realise it's Karlanya. She's tied up tightly, a rough gag
  in her mouth, hands behind her back and a rope leash around her neck fixed
  to an iron ring in the wall.  
&quot;Shannon walks into the room. She's fully dressed, albeit in ripped
  clothes a little too tight for her. She smiles when she sees you awake. 'You're
  up! Good. I was worried she hit you a litte too hard.'&quot;  
&quot;'What happened?'&quot;  
&quot;She looks at Karlanya. 'She was playing with me when she just got up
  and left. Lucky for me, she didn't tie me back up as tightly as she had. It
  took me a while but I managed to get out and I headed up to find you. I just
  got there in time to see her hit you on the back of the head. She was going
  to hit you again when I charged at her.' She smiles. 'She was a little easier
  this time. I soon got her.' She looks at Karlanya and grabs her chin. 'Didn't
  I?'&quot;  
&quot;'What are you going to do with her?'&quot;  
&quot;'Take her back to Sylthar. There's a large price on her head there.
  Besides, I owe her something for tying me up and near hanging me and bringing
  me here for some crazy sorceress to try and kill. What happened to her, anyway?
  She's not here.'&quot;  
&quot;'She... ah... she died. Um... what are you going to do with me?'&quot;  
&quot;She looks puzzled. 'Nothing. Oh, there's things I'd like to do with
  you.' She looks at you slowly, smiling as she does so. 'But you did me a favour...
  well, more than just a favour and...' She shrugs. 'I would have got you some
  clothing, but I wasn't sure if it would fit and besides, I like looking at
  you naked.'&quot;  
Holly giggled, an infectious sound. &quot;'Oh! Umm... there are some things
  here I need to find and take back to... some people.'&quot;  
&quot;'Sure. Help yourself. I've got this one and I do owe you, after all.
  Take what you like. These are the things you need to get your lover free?'&quot;  
&quot;'Yes. I... I should be hurrying.'&quot;  
&quot;'It's dark outside and the mountains are no place to travel at night.
  Why do you think I'm still here? This place creeps me out but it's better than
  outside, particularly with the sorceress dead. I was going to be leaving at
  dawn, assuming you had woken up. I figured you just needed to rest.'&quot;  
&quot;'I... I think she did something to me... she gave me a drink and...'&quot; Holly
  licked her lips. &quot;'I love Sancha, but she isn't here...' I start to cry.&quot;  
&quot;Is that just an excuse, love?&quot; Becky asked, as herself. &quot;Just
  a reason to justify cheating on Sancha?&quot;  
&quot;If I can't leave now... I've been tortured, bound, hanged, raped, beaten,
  almost sacrificed to a demon and hit on the back of my head. I can't help it
  if I'm weak and...&quot; She pouted. &quot;You keep putting me in contact with
  beautiful women! It's all your fault.&quot;  
&quot;Isn't it just?&quot; Becky smiled. &quot;Shannon seems to understand.
  She sweeps cross the room and takes you in her arms, kissing you passionately.&quot; Becky
  did the same. Holly's face tilted upwards to meet her kiss. &quot;She throws
  you to the bed.&quot;  
There wasn't a bed here, but Becky did throw (well, gently put down) Holly
  onto the floor. She kissed her again, and again, enjoying her naked body next
  to her own.  
&quot;She starts to touch you... and I think that's it for today's session.&quot;  
&quot;Fine by me,&quot; Holly breathed. &quot;Dungeon Mistress?&quot;  
&quot;Yes?&quot;  
&quot;Do I get any experience for this session?&quot;  
&quot;You're going to have a good one now,&quot; came the hoarse reply. Becky's
  hand slid down Holly's side.  
And somewhere, Li-zya and Shannon were having a very good time themselves.  
----------  
Becky's Notes for Next Session   
The Sisterhood of Lir have completed their plan to mentally dominate Sancha.
  They are aware of Li-zya's success and, once they are received their unholy
  artefacts, they will let Sancha go, using her as their paw in the Council of
  Black Slavers at Barlon, hoping to use her to control the city.  
Li-zya, of course, knows too much. She wll have to disappear. They plan to
  have her scream her last on their altars. She has come under the shadow of
  Lir herself, calling on the Dark Goddess for aid against Ialamis. A tiny part
  of sexual corruption had started to worm its way inside her.  
And first, she has to get to Bayrlon first. After all, it's a long way back.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sarijak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





