BDSM Library - Punished After Cheating On My Girlfriend




Punished After Cheating On My Girlfriend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Leila caught Michael cheating on her in her own bed. Her revenge came with putting him for sale in a gay bar, where the highest bidder got him for two day teaching him to cheat for real. 
PUNISHED AFTER CHEATING ON MY GIRLFRIEND
(MF, F/M, MM/M, MMM/M, Watersports, Gay, Cuckold, D/s, Slavery, Vacation, 
Humilitation, MC, Heavy) 
By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

It felt so good when I came in Sheilas pussy, emptying all my load into her. I knew that she Loved 
it too and I pulled down beside her but and she rolled over straight away and gave me long kiss. 
It felt so good until I heard Leila's voice
- Michael!
I let go of Sheila and there she was, Leila, my girlfriend since the last three years. Now I was 
caught cheating on her in her own bed. Both me and Sheila were naked in the bed and if you 
looked closely you could see my cum pouring out of Sheila's pussy. I turned to Sheila and 
said
- I think it is best if you could leave now. This is my mistake and I must sort it out
Sheila put her cloths on and before she left she whispered to me
- You can always come to me, if you dare.
Then she left the apartment.

I put my cloths on and went into the kitchen where Leila was sitting and crying. Of course she 
wanted to know why, how long, where and so on. I told her the story of how I met Sheila at a 
meeting where she represented another company, how we worked together and how she had 
made her move on me. I guess none of them things I told would make any difference, but 
deep inside I hoped it would be possible to make up with Leila. I loved that woman as she 
was both the prettiest and smartest girl I have ever met. Still I made my mistake and went to 
bed with another woman. In the end I begged Leila to forgive me and I told her:
- Please forgive me. I'll do anything you want me to. 
She didn't reply on my plea. A couple of months ago we had bought a holiday trip to a hotel 
by the beach and my last chance was to talk her into take that trip together. She finally agreed 
to go there with me, but without a promise that it would make things right for us.

Until the day of our departure Leila didn't want me in the apartment, so I had to stay with 
friends. At the day of our trip I picked her up and went to the airport. There we hung out in 
the bar waiting for our flight, that was delayed. After a couple of drinks we could really talk 
to each other again, but without mentioning my mistake. Later that day when we arrived at the 
hotel, I thought that I had a chance of being forgiven. She took that hope away from me 
quickly and while she had a king size bed in the bedroom, I had to sleep on the sofa in the 
living room. After spending some hours by the pool and dressing up for dinner, we went into 
town. We found this restaurant that looked nice. Inside there were a group of ten young men 
and some other couples having their dinner. We settled down and after a great meal, we 
ordered some more wine. I felt relaxed and it felt good being there with Leila. We moved over 
to the bar as we liked the place. The first group we saw in the restaurant had also moved over 
to the bar and they were telling jokes and were singing by now. I and Leila started to talk with 
this guy, Frank. He was a good looking man about my age, very nice and also funny. After 
few rounds it struck me that Leila was the only woman in the room, the woman that I had just 
been cheating upon. Still no one had made a pass on her, just then Leila asked Frank
- Hey Frank, what are you doing here?
- I'm here on vacation on my own. A couple of month I broke up with my friend and now I 
am looking for a new adventure. All of us in the group come from different places looking for 
some to be with. 
I looked around and I noticed they were all men and then it struck me that they were gay. 
Frank continued:
- I really hope to find a man to have fun with
I guess Leila already had understood Frank's preferences as she didn't look surprised
- Do you think you're lucky tonight? She asked.
- Well you never know, at least I can hope for some good sex, he replied. How about you, 
what is a nice couple like you doing in a place lie this.
I never had a chance to answer as Leila answered:
- I just found my boyfriend cheating on me in my own bed, now he asked me to forgive him 
and make it up to me. I don't really know what to think. What do you say?
She looked at Frank as I was ashamed of what I had done. I couldn't say anything while Frank 
looked at me and laughed. Then he said:
- If you don't know what to think, then why don't you teach him a lesson?
- Sure thing, Leila said as she was quite drunk. What do you have in mind?
- Why don't you put him up for sale to anyone of us in the group? The highest bidder will 
have him for the night.
I was speechless of what I heard still I thought it was a joke.
- Well I guess you're right Frank. He has already cheated on me so why don't I let him do it 
again. Within a second or two Frank stood up in the Bar and made the announcement.
- Gentlemen, gentlemen. It's time for the surprise of the night. The Lady here, he pointed at 
Leila, has just offered us to make a bid on her cheating boyfriend. Anyone of you interested to 
place a bid may start now.
I slowly understood that the joke had turned out to be a reality and suddenly they started to 
place bids for me. The bid started with a bear in the bar, finally the last bid was made by a 
man called James. It was a man about my age. Before he counted to three, Leila said:
-  I will raise the offer, how about two nights with my boyfriend and you must promise that 
you will show him what cheating is all about.
I offer a bottle of the finest champagne in the bar and we will enjoy having the time with him 
together with James, Frank said.
Everybody laughed and there was no other bid.

It didn't take long until I had Frank and James on each side of me. Leila instead just laughed 
as she came over to me and said:
- Enjoy your nights and have fun.
Then she turned around and I was taken to a hotel nearby. As I never had been in a situation 
with another man, I didn't feel comfortable. Both Frank and James noticed that, so they 
pushed me hard to make me understand that they were in command. When we came into the 
room they both tore my cloths to pieces so they couldn't be used again. Then Frank took my dick 
in his hand and he started to play with it. I couldn't help myself from getting a hard on. James 
held me from behind to be sure that I was not about to do anything stupid. He got close to me 
and I could feel his hard dick against me.

I didn't take long until they both were naked and had pushed me on the bed. I was laying face 
down when the first of them, James came on top and put his dick in my ass. Then he pushed it 
in me and I tried to scream. I couldn't as Frank held a pillow over my head. It hurt so much 
while they fucked me, but they didn't care. Then Frank came in my ass doing the same thing. 
When he was done, James placed himself in front of my face. He took his dick and put it to 
my lips making me lick it. As I was in their command, unable to get away, I forced myself to 
do my best. It was the first time I had a dick in my mouth and it wasn't any dick at all. It was 
the one that had just penetrated my virgin ass and with a smell of shit all over it. Still I took it 
and licked it clean. It felt like hours before I made him come another time. Then I had to do 
the same thing with Frank. The night went on like that. The kept on fucking me and making 
me suck them, first in the early morning we all fell asleep.

When I woke up Frank was already up. He ran around in the room all naked while James was 
sleeping beside me. I realised that I had been raped by two men after being sold to them by 
my girlfriend. I couldn't help myself from thinking about what she was doing right now. Then 
James woke up, pulled me close to him and he started to play with me. He got down between 
my legs and took my dick in his moth and started to suck me. That was wrong and at the same 
time it felt so good. He knew how to suck a man and it didn't take long until I came in his 
mouth.  Until afternoon that day I spent my time in the room pleasing Frank and James. I was 
soar in my ass after them banging me and I didn't know how to cope with it. I couldn't escape 
either, as I guessed Leila wouldn't take me back. This was her revenge, I thought.

Someone knocked on the door and I could hear the voice of another man entering the room. 
After a few word with Frank and James he came over to the bed. He was a few years younger 
than me and not as handsome as Frank and James.
- So here's the treasure you've been playing with.
I was in the bed so he could see it all. He sat down beside of me, let his hand touch my hair, 
my chest and down to my dick. There he took a firm grip and pushed me to turn around. I did 
as he wanted me to do and then he let his finger touch my ass before he said:
- It seems like you've been filling him up. He still got cum up his ass.
The men laughed and he continued
- I really would like to play with him too. Do you mind? He asked the others and they nodded. 

The third man, Joe, pulled off his cloths fast. I didn't think much about it as I was more or less 
numb by the situation. Joe told me to sit on the side of the bed as he came towards me and 
placed his dick in front of my face. I understood what he wanted me to do so I placed the hand 
on his dick. First I didn't notice anything but just within seconds I realised that he had a huge 
dick. It was both longer and thicker than mine and I really had to open my mouth to be able to 
taste it. I was amazed, this was a size I only had seen in pictures of magazines and now I was 
made to play with it. I guess it was almost twice my size and I had to hold it with both my 
hands. Frank and James watched while I did my best to please Joe and I knew he liked it. 
Being new at this, it was hard to tell if I was good. Then Joe said:
- Good boy, now you have made me hard. Turn around so I can make use of it.
I turned over and was standing on all my four, like a dog. I realised that he was about to 
penetrate me and I couldn't understand how I was could take that huge thing in me. There was 
no way I could do it. Frank and James jumped into the bed and started to touch me and hold 
me. Then Joe placed his dick by my ass and I understood why they did that. At first Joe just 
teased me with his dick at the opening of my ass. Then he started to penetrate me and It felt 
like I couldn't take his size. He moved slowly, in and out of me, getting a little bit more of it 
inside me and it hurt so much that I screamed and begged him to stop. He didn't of course. 
After a little while he moved slower, so I guessed he had it in me and I noticed that he loved 
it. I heard him mown saying "god I love this tight ass" and "you're so good to fuck". For me it 
was just pain, so much that I had to hold my breath to be able to cope with it. Meanwhile 
James moved in underneath me and started to suck my dick, while Frank sat in front of me as 
he stroke my hair. I don't know for how long Joe fucked me but finally he started to move 
faster and then he came in my ass. After this I slowly pulled his machine out of my hole and it 
felt so good not to have it in me. He moved in front of me then and made me suck his dick 
clean after fucking me. When I did it James got behind med and put his average size dick in 
my hole and now it felt like nothing and it was really nice. Still he fucked me hard this time 
and Frank was underneath me sucking my dick. They shifted places once more so Frank had 
his turn to fuck me and I had to suck James clean. When Frank was done I had to lick him 
clean too.

After this session we all relaxed in the bed, but Joe insisted on me playing, kissing and 
sucking his huge dick. So there I was, at the foot end of the bed doing my best to please him. I 
guess we fell asleep off and on for a couple of hours. Then Joe took the command again.
- Boys, I think it's time for me to pee. Does anyone of you want to help me piss on our 
treasure?
- That's a great idea, Frank replied
- I'm in too, James continued.
They took me into the bathroom and made sit in the bathtub. Then they fixed the plug in the 
tub. Joe came first with his semi hard dick. 
- Come here and kiss him, he said and so I did. 
Nothing happened
- Once more, now you know how to do it, he continued. 
Just as my lips touched his dick, he started to pee right in my face. I wasn't prepared so it both 
came in my mouth and all over my face pouring down my body.
- Open your moth, he commanded me. 
I opened it and he started to aim at my mouth with success and filled it right away.
- Swallow it, you cannot waste my juice, he continued.
I didn't know what had been the hardest part but this was really hard for me to do. Finally I 
swallowed what I had in my mouth and it was a really strong taste. Nothing like eating 
cum, that tasted nothing at all. When Joe was done it was Franks turn to pee on me and he 
really had a full bladder as he kept going for quite a while. Most of the time he aimed at my 
face but he also sprayed it all over my chest. Then it was time for James and he came in front 
of me.
- Come here, he said pointing at his dick and continued. Open your mouth, 
I did what he told me and then he said; 
I will be slow but I don't want you to spill anything.
He did as he said, I had his dick in my mouth and slowly he started to pee in my mouth. When 
he noticed that I couldn't keep up with his speed, then he held back. This went on for a long 
time and in the end we found a rhythm of him filling my mouth and when he was done I 
swallowed. When he had noting left, he pulled out his dick, bent down to me and gave me a kiss 
with his open mouth making me meet his tongue. Then he stepped back and said:
- This was really something special and I think I'm falling in love with you
There was a lot of pee still in the tub and they told me to take a bath in it and then a shower. 
As long as they were in the bathroom I took the pee in my hands and poured it over my body, 
face and stuck my tongue in it. Then I took a shower, hoping that I was free for the day, but 
one more time I was wrong.

When I came out of the bathroom, I was ordered to get over to the bed. There Joe had placed 
himself with his hard on dick pointing right up. 
- Now it's time for you to choose the rhythm. I want you to ride my pole.
Frank took me by my shoulders and placed me above Joe with his dick at my asshole. Then he 
pushed me a little bit down to make sure that I would be able to ride him. Then Frank got 
down and started to suck Joe's balls and lick the shaft of his dick. Slowly I started to move 
down taking his dick inside me and just like before it hurt so much. I forced myself to 
continue and after 10 minutes, I realised that I had made it. I started to move up and down 
riding his huge piece, making my best to make him come but it was really tough this time. I 
stopped in the middle of it, pulled his dick out of me, went down and sucked and played with 
it and then put it back inside of me again. I stayed on top for a while before I lay down beside 
him. Now James came on top of me touching my dick to make it hard and then he pushed it 
into his ass. James was really excellent now and he rode me better than any women had ever 
done. It didn't take long until I came in his ass. He went up to my face with his ass and I had 
to kiss and lick his asshole clean, while he farted in my face.

The rest of the night was really calm. All of us were quite pleased of our activities. When the 
morning sun came, I knew that I was about to be returned to Leila. I had earned her 
forgiveness now and I was longing to be in her arms. Before we left the room the three studs 
fucked my one last time. Now I was not allowed to change position between each one of them 
and they stopped when James ended it. He put a butplug in my ass, sealing their proof of 
treatment. They gave me cloths that I could put on and that fixed the plug inside of me. I 
moved slowly when we came to the restaurant where Leila had handed me over to them. She 
was waiting and she looked happy to see me.
- Hi, she said and I replied saying Hi.
- Here's your treasure, Frank said. We have given him a treatment for cheating, but I think 
that he is not returned in the same condition as when we got him. Especially his bottom, Frank 
laughed at it and James continued.
- As a part of our treatment you will get him with a sealed ass. Inside of it you will find the 
results of our practices. 
- Thank you, Leila said. I'm getting curious of how this will look like. Then Frank ended the 
conversation.
- You should starting thinking about using him for professional services, it could make your 
future. If you're interested, just give me a call.
- Thank you, I will. Leila replied.
We broke up then, me and Leila went back to our hotel, but she never asked about what had 
happened to me, instead she kept talking about the small things that were important to her. 
She didn't give me a sign of forgiveness or what she intended to do.

In the hotel room she went straight to the kitchen and pulled out a plate before she came over 
to me.
- Take off your cloths. I want to see how well the have filled you up, she said.
I got undressed and turned around to get help to pull the plug out. There I was forced to sit 
on top of the plate for the next hour, so Leila was sure that the entire load had come out. Leila 
looked at me without touching me, instead she was fascinated watching it pouring out of me 
and as I farted, each time some more came dripping. In the end she had enough and told me to 
stop.
- That's nice Michael you really have a talent, she said. Lick it up now, she commanded.
As I was used to obey commands for the past two days, I did as I was told.

Now Leila took off her cloths and got into the bedroom. She told me to come with her and 
when I reached the bed she said.
- I want you to lick my pussy, but you must not touch yourself.
This was something I loved, licking and eating pussy. It didn't take long until I made it to her 
clit and within minutes she came. When she got back to conscious she said:
- Good boy, now you can go over the chair by the bed and make yourself comfortable. When I 
sat down, I could see Leila all naked in the bed, touching her body slowly. She was so pretty 
that it hurt inside of me. She went on for an hour, and then there was a knock on the door. She 
got up and opened the door, still naked. In came another man, or really a boy as he as quite 
younger than me and Leila. She took him into the bedroom, where I was sitting naked in the chair. 
- And here is my cheating boyfriend, she said.
He just looked at me without saying a word instead he took Leila's hand and started kissing it. 
He continued to kiss her neck and slowly he touched her beautiful body. I was jealous but 
once again, deep in my heart I wanted Leila back, so I played along. I let him touch my 
girlfriend. 

Leila and the boy started to make love in front of me. They started with deep kisses and then 
she went down to suck his dick. After that the boy licked her pussy and in the end he put his 
dick in her pussy and started to fuck her. They went on forever so I guess the boy must have 
jerked of just before he knocked on the door. I was hurt by watching this, but I also got a hard 
on watching. That was no surprise as I could get a hard on looking at Leila's tits. They were 
both exhausted when he came and I could see the sweat pouring down their skin. The boy 
pulled over and ended it with kissing Leila and she replied that kiss. Then she looked at me 
and said:
- Michael, you don't have to be jealous of me doing this. It is just what you did with Sheila.
I knew she was right.
- Now you can go out and sleep on the sofa, she continued. Close the door after yourself.
I realised that she hadn't forgiven me and I didn't know what to do. Still I left the bedroom 
and settled down on the sofa. The rest of the day and all that night I could hear them making 
love. I guess they did as much noise as possible and I had never heard Leila scream and mown 
like she did now.

Early next morning the boy left. I made us breakfast and served Leila on the bed. I could see 
in her eyes that she was still mad at me. She thanked me for the breakfast and after she had 
eaten, she turned to me and said:
- Lick my pussy again, it's too messy after the sex I had last night.
She spread her legs and I got down between them. It wasn't dripping now instead it had dried 
in her hair by the pussy. I started to lick it as good as I could. Leila turned around and sat on 
top of me to make sure that some seed would come out of her and it did. When I was done I 
stayed in her bed and she got down beside me. It was the first time since she caught me, that I 
had been lying beside her in the same bed. I couldn't take anything for granted so I 
didn't dare to touch her. Finally she made her move and kissed me while she let her hand go 
over my body. I responded right away and there was hope for us.
- This doesn't mean that you're forgiven completely. She said. From now on you will do as I 
tell you, which include that I can have a lover, but I will not hide it from you.
- It's okay, I replied.
- And last but not least, she continued. You will agree on me selling your body to other 
persons including gay, bi or heterosexuals for sexual purposes.
- But, I tried to respond. Leila continued.
- I just made a deal with Frank, letting him arrange it. Together we can make a fortune and 
here you will give all your money to me and I will ensure that you will have a comfortable 
life. Don't you agree?
- Yes, but I don't. She cut me off and finished
- And when we're getting home, you will quit your job to become a real professional. Now 
come over here and fuck me like we did in the old times.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





