BDSM Library - The Swindle




The Swindle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Pro-domme and young sub fall for each other...they have to pull out a swindle on her employees.A NICE ONE  
The story is completely
      fictional, all acts and characters are result of writers imagination. If
      you are under aged, close this document immediately!  
In advance, please forgive if my English
    is not good enough.  
THE SWINDLE  
Spring time, evening time; the streets are always crowded and alive at those
  times. Many people running around, enjoying the clear evening sky; murmur is
  pretty loud, sometimes out toned by passing vehicles. Ben was one of those
  people; although alone, he felt tranquil and was enjoying himself. Ben was
  a simple guy; for his boyish sort of appearance he was rather handsome, too. 
He was about to meet few of his buddies that evening for a hangout. As all
  of his friends, Ben seemed as a normal, communicative guy that liked the crowd
  as any other social person would. 
But, he had a secret; although, he had several girlfriends in his life, he
  seemed to not be able to last long in a relationship. He had somewhat different
  feelings towards the female society; just as any other guy, he liked pretty
  and good looking girls. But, what he really wanted, he wasn't able to find;
  a woman who he'd adore and worship. Not just because he was well raised; his
  ideal was that all women should be worshiped as a dominant and superior kind.
  He never managed to present any of it to any of his ex girlfriends, so after
  a while he'd loose interest in an ordinary, everyday like relationship. 
Each time he'd see a woman that would seem a little more peril-looking then
  the other, he'd feel shivers tickling his spine. That's why he always felt
  more comfortable hanging out with guys then ladies. On occasions, he'd have
  a relationship with a girl but his fantasies would never come to life; for
  those, he limited himself to whatever was on internet, maybe a movie or a magazine.
  Internet chats were the top of bringing out his fantasies to light, if you
  could call it so. 
There was one place in town that he liked to visit; it was an erotic store,
  a sex-shop. Although, it seemed like any other store of such type, this one
  was somewhat different. Lower level was same like in any other; variety of
  toys, accessories, magazines, CD's and video tapes, etc&hellip;everything was
  colored pink. Upper floor was different and designated to only one thing; it
  contained huge amount of stuff, all related with S/M. The lights were dark
  red and smothered which gave a special glow to all accessories exposed. Strong
  leather and PVC odor gave it a special, different meaning. There were doors
  to that floor but interior was not visible from below. People rarely went up
  as they didn't know what was behind the door. Neither did Ben at first; once,
  he asked a woman behind the counter where he could find a pair of handcuffs.
  Without a word, she pointed to the door; he was a little confused and didn't
  know what to expect behind them but, once he was up, his heart almost stopped.
  That room was pretty big and so full with different stuff; he couldn't believe
  his eyes at first. He felt discomfort at first but, as no one came in for quite
  a long time, it passed. He became a regular visitor and, although he never
  bought anything, that lady behind the counter, didn't seem to mind his visits.
  In fact, every time he'd show up, she'd give him a wicked smile and a slight
  wink with her eye. He was there at least twice a week; and, on those, already
  countless occasions, only twice was he in there with someone else. Both times,
  some men came in, looked around and left. He almost felt like it was all for
  him; the woman behind the counter knew he probably tried some of that stuff
  on, but she never complained or said a word. And that evening, as he had plenty
  time before getting together with his friends, he decided to visit the place
  again. Everything was the same; 10-15 people at the lower floor and same lady
  behind the counter. He got his smile and a wink as he passed by her and went
  straight to the door. No one was there so he was able to enjoy himself in private.
  It was strange though, as he couldn't understand how could all that equipment
  be worth while as no one was ever there to buy anything. But, he wasn't thinking
  about that too much as he didn't really care. He walked around the room checking
  each piece set out as usually; he took a pair of leather sandals with very
  high metal heels and many straps and brought them close to his face. The smell
  of leather boiled his blood up; his mind drifted far away and he never heard
  the door open. A female voice winced him out of his daydream, "Excuse me" she
  said and passed by him, barely grazing his sleeve. It startled him and he felt
  blood rushing into his cheeks; fortunately, the lights were so weak for her
  to notice his blushing. At first he just wanted to run out of there but that
  seemed too stupid; although she was already on the other side of the room,
  he silently replied, "Sorry." He couldn't see much except for the contours
  of her figure; the best thing to do was to just ignore her and continue with
  what he was doing until she leaves. He turned around, put the sandals up on
  the shelf and just continued to examine the items on the shelf below. "What
  do you think?" her voice interrupted him again. As he never heard her approach,
  he thought she moved like a ghost; he turned around just to meet her face two
  feet off, "Uhm&hellip;I&hellip;" his voice got shaky, "What&hellip;I don't
  know&hellip;", "This!" she pointed down and showed him a black leather corset
  she placed around her waist. "I don't know&hellip;it looks, it's good&hellip;I
  think." She had real fun seeing him like that but she never showed it. "Could
  you hand me those black sandals you had before" she asked, "I'd like to try
  those, too." Although she was pretty taller then he, he complied instantly
  and reached up for them; she took the sandals and sat on the chair. Now that
  he was able to see her clearly, he wasn't able to stop staring; her gorgeous
  figure got him. Her fine and sharp face lines, framed by long loose red hair
  were something else. All her attributes were in place but one thing took his
  breath away; the sclerotic of her big eyes were so white they glowed in the
  dark. She never looked up when she said, "Never saw a girl before?" Although
  her words got to him, he couldn't set his eyes off of her, "No&hellip;I mean
  yes, of course&hellip;I am sorry, I didn't want to" but she interrupted again, "It's
  ok, I don't mind" she said, stood up in front of him and continued, "I know
  I am gorgeous, don't you think so, too?" She looked straight at his eyes and
  waited for his answer, "Yes&hellip;yes, you are&hellip;I mean, I&hellip;" Never
  before, he felt so helpless with a woman; he wasn't able to finish a single
  sentence. He knew she had those sandals on and he desperately wanted to look
  down at her feet but he managed not to; instead, he just swallowed heavily
  as he felt his heart was coming up to his throat. She walked few steps away
  and came back just to see how those sandals felt on her feet; clicking noise
  that those heels made on the floor sounded pretty embezzling to him. "What
  do you think?" she asked pointing down at her feet. Finally, he looked down
  and, after a while, said, "Those are very nice sandals." She smiled and, as
  he looked at her face again, said, "Yes, but I wasn't asking about the sandals;
  I was asking about my feet." Her words made him weak and burning in his chest;
  he wanted to say something but, "Uhm&hellip;what? I&hellip;I don't&hellip;it's&hellip;" her
  words got him completely off the track. 
His mind worked fast so he managed to gather himself together, "I am sorry,
  but I should really go now" he said his first complete sentence and turned
  to leave. "No, you really shouldn't!" she said firmly; although he began to
  walk already, he froze. She came closer to him and, before he managed to say
  anything, she continued, "This is a one-time opportunity for you and maybe
  you should think about it." He was so bewildered that he didn't understand
  what she was saying; she saw his confusion and continued to lead the game, "If
  you don't go, there is a big possibility that you will be able to take a look
  at my feet", she came much closer and whispered, "A very, very close look." 
She had him completely off the track; he knew that she wanted him for something
  that he strived for, for quite a bit but, he just couldn't believe it. Her
  right hand went up to his chin and held firmly it with her fingernails; her
  other hand went up too and her fingers slid into his hair. Then, with her left
  hand, she grabbed his hair and pulled his head down and closer; her lips met
  his and, instead of a soft and gentle first kiss, her tongue probed his mouth
  hard and her lips covered his, completely. 
Overwhelming sense of shock was complete for him; he was lost in her power
  and, although he didn't know it yet, he was hers from A to Z. 
Promptly, she let go of him and their lips parted; before he managed to say
  anything or even think of what happened, she said calmly, "Well&hellip;have
  you thought about it?" 
There was nothing to think about, really; at that moment, he'd do anything
  for that girl and he knew it. 
"Yes, ok&hellip;I won't go&hellip;I'll stay" he replied with a shaky voice.
  She smiled gently and said, "Good&hellip;that's good; now, lets get out of
  here." As they were leaving, he looked at the woman behind the counter; this
  time, she had a big smile stretched all over her face; that time, something
  was different. 
She took him to a bar where they sat at one separated table in the corner;
  she knew her places as the bar was very neat and the music moderate and not
  too loud. Until then, she asked him couple of questions and he replied. He
  couldn't think of a single reasonable question to ask and not to seem stupid
  and too ordinary. The place was much lighter then before at the store or in
  the streets they walked; he was able to examine each of her fine contours and,
  for him, she was the most beautiful figure he ever saw. "I think you are candy-cute
  guy; I just might have you for dinner" she said with a smile on her face and
  continued, "I don't do this usually, you know." His confusion faded and he
  managed to make a normal conversation, "Thank you&hellip;I never thought of
  my self as cute&hellip;I don't do this either, usually" he said. She leaned
  forward on the table and looked straight in his eyes; she grabbed both his
  hands with her black polished nails and said, "Correct me if I am wrong as
  I maybe misinterpreted you behavior earlier but, I think you have a special
  urges when it comes to women; I think it's not only feet that your fascinated
  with?" she passed her fingernails all the way down his lower arms and gently
  scratched them while waiting for his answer. He wasn't replying so she said, "There
  is no need to be shy as I probably know everything, already." He couldn't help
  it and his cheeks got all red, again; he bowed his head down but managed to
  utter, "Yes&hellip;I mean, I think you're right." She leaned back in her seat,
  watched him for a while and said, "I have to make a phone call&hellip;I'll
  be back in a minute." With that, she stood up and promptly left; she really
  needed to make a phone cal but she also wanted to give him some time alone
  so he could recover from his discomfort, a bit.  
She dialed a number and waited; "Hello" said the female voice on the other
  end, "It's me, Denise" she said, "Oh, what you're up to?" the woman asked, "Just
  bring the equipment into my place now; I'll get there in few hours so make
  it ready, ok?" There was a slight pause and the other woman said, "Ok. Will
  do&hellip;tell me who you're with" woman asked, "You'll find out soon enough" she
  said and hung up. She got back to their table and said cheerfully, "We never
  introduced&hellip;I am Denise" she said, "I am Ben" he replied, appearing a
  little less confused. "Have you thought about what I said before I left?", "Yes,
  yes I did" he confirmed. Again, she leaned forward and said calmly, "Would
  you like to go to my place? Maybe we could find out together what exactly your
  urges are" she smiled wickedly. 
Her words got him so excited he lost his breath; still, he managed to shyly
  confirm, "Yes&hellip;let's&hellip;" 
They've spent another hour in the bar; she talked casually just to help him
  relax and it worked. Couple of drinks helped, too. 
After 2 hours, they arrived at her apartment; it was on 11th floor
  of a building in the center, in one of the not-so-cheap parts of town. Her
  place was big and very classy; he was wondering how she got it. She wasn't
  much older then he and, to have a place like that one needs a huge salary.
  Everything was nice and in place; only one thing was a little out of ordinary;
  there was so many mirrors, some small and some huge. Everywhere he looked there
  was at least one mirror. "Make your self comfortable" she said and went to
  the bathroom. He continued to stand on his feet and examine her apartment;
  she came back quickly and sat on the sofa. Her exposed crossed legs got his
  attention immediately, "Would you like a drink or something?" she asked, "No
  I am fine" he replied and she continued, "Well then; would you like to kneel
  in front of me, then? I bet you would, ha?" he said with a mock in her voice.
  He was hesitating at first but then, he stepped forward and slowly kneeled
  a foot away from where he right leg was. "Good boy" she said, "Now take off
  my shoes, my feet are killing me" her voice wasn't commanding yet but he obeyed.
  He removed her right shoe and, when she re-crossed her legs, her left, too.
  His heart beat went up and his breathing got heavier; his dreams were coming
  thru and so with such a beautiful lady, too. He just wanted to dive and swallow
  her foot completely but something told him to wait and follow her instructions.
  She put her both feet on the floor and said, "Now lay on the floor, right here" she
  pointed at the part just below her feet. She lifted them up so he could get
  below; as he did, she placed both her feet on him, one on his chest and other
  on his stomach. She actually felt his rapid and strong hear beat with her sole;
  she began to move her feet around his torso, slowly. "Unbutton your shirt" she
  said; he complied and exposed his naked torso, "And your pants, too" she continued.
  As soon as he did, her left foot went straight inside his underwear, "Mmmhh" he
  let out a moan as she touched his genitals. Then, her other foot came to his
  chin and up above his mouth, "From now on, whatever I say, you'll reply with
  'Yes'&hellip;is that clear?" still, her voice was gentle and not commanding
  and he promptly replied, "Yes." "Now, stick your tongue out and don't move
  it", the sole of her right foot touched his warm and wet tongue. She bean to
  rub her sole over his tongue, but gently; her other foot felt his penis rapidly
  growing inside his underwear. She managed to push his pants and his underwear
  down, together; his stiff penis popped out. She lifted her right foot up, pointed
  it at his mouth and said, "Now swallow it!" her voice become a little harsher.
  He opened his mouth as much as he could and her foot found it way inside; her
  other foot was on top of his penis, rubbing and mashing it against his body.
  He was close, so close; once she realized it, she took out her foot from his
  mouth and with it, pushed up his chin just to expose his neck. "Don't be afraid
  now" she said and placed her foot atop of his neck. Slowly, she added some
  pressure to it and, once she realized he couldn't breath anymore, she stopped
  applying more pressure but still held her foot like that, "Now you better come
  quickly while you still have air in your lungs." He didn't need much; he was
  already at his top and, after few more strokes with her foot, his hot semen
  came out all over his belly. 
She removed both her feet from him and put them on the floor; she looked,
  smiled and said, "The bathroom is right there; go fix yourself up and come
  back, but completely naked; take your time" Again, 'Yes' was the only thing
  he said and stood up on his feet. 
He left and closed the door behind him. 'He's cute' she thought and
  smiled; but then, she remembered why he was here in the first place. Her face
  took a serious and worried expression; 'Damn it! I shouldn't do this to
  myself' she was thinking, 'I shouldn't start having any kind of feelings&hellip;not
  now.' But somehow, this one was different; she really liked this guy, his
  obviously good heart, tiny figure and that boyish appearance of his. She liked
  it so much she never dared asking him how old he really was. Even before, sometimes
  she'd feel sorry for the guy afterwards; but, she never had such thoughts as
  she did at the moment, especially because nothing serious happened yet. 'No!'
  she decided firmly, 'I won't do it this time, period; later, I'll send him
  away and make sure he never comes back.' Maybe, she should have sent him
  away immediately; the only trouble was that she was so horny at the moment
  and it would have been an obvious waste not to make the best out of him since
  he was already there. She needed a fuck desperately and she was determined
  to get one; later, she'd send him away with his feelings pretty hurt so he
  wouldn't even consider coming back. That was her plan and it seemed pretty
  good 
After a while, he came out of the bathroom completely naked; even his body
  looked like of a teenager. He kept his hand between his legs, obviously trying
  to cover his genital area. She saw that as a good opportunity to start with
  hurting his feelings. Quickly, she put her shoes back on, stood up and went
  to where he was standing. Before he managed to say anything, she lifted her
  right hand, swung it thru the air and slapped his left cheek hard. It came
  as a complete surprise to him and he backed off two feet; his face assumed
  and ignorant and frightened expression. Before he could open his mouth, she
  yelled at him, "DOWN&hellip;TO THE FLOOR, NOW! " He obeyed promptly and fell
  on his knees, "HEAD ON THE FLOOR&hellip;SIDEWAYS! " her voice was still loud
  and firm. Just as his cheek and temple touched the floor, her right leg found
  its way atop other side of his head. She pressed it down to the floor and continued, "SO,
  I AM NOT WORTHY OF LOOKING AT YOUR PATHETIC DICK, IS THAT SO&hellip;HA? " she
  acted mad. He was so afraid and confused that he couldn't see it as pure acting;
  he barely uttered, "No&hellip;that's not what" but she interrupted him in his
  thought, "NO? DID YOU JUST SAY 'NO'? I THOUGHT I MADE IT CLEAR THAT ONLY 'YES'
  IS THE WORD TO COME OUT OF YOUR MOUTH, HA? YOU SHOULDN'T DISOBEY ME LIKE THIS! " her
  voice wasn't so loud anymore but still firm and commanding. "Now, I'll ask
  again; am I not worthy of looking at your genitals&hellip;is that why you were
  hiding them from me?" Of course he wasn't; he was simply embarrassed. But now,
  he had a problem; whatever his answer, it wouldn't be good. So, he decided
  to obey her orders again, "Yes" he replied as he wasn't supposed to say anything
  else. "Oh, I see&hellip;so you think I am not worthy of looking at your intimate
  parts; you think I am not good enough to see your little whiner. Well, I think
  that you don't have enough respect for me and you should be thought some respect." But
  his feelings were different; for the whole evening he was restraining himself
  from not telling her how beautiful she was, how he'd adore and worship her
  in any way, obey each of her wishes, do anything for her just to become something
  she'd posses. "No&hellip;I" he wanted to say something but, she removed her
  leg from her head just to shove it into his side; she kicked him hard enough
  for him to feel discomfort. It didn't help; in an instant, he had a burst of
  emotions; he got on all-fours in front of her and began to spill out what was
  on his mind, "Please, it's not like that&hellip;I do respect you, very much
  so&hellip;I just want to be your..." he stopped, looked up at her and said, "I'd
  do anything for you, anything&hellip;" he bowed down to her feet and began
  to kiss her left foot rapidly. Through the kissing, he said, "Anything that
  pleases you&hellip;anything." He had her so confused that she pulled her foot
  away and backed off few steps; as he looked up, she saw his eyes got wet. She
  passed her right hand thru her hair trying to gather her thoughts together;
  after a little while she looked down again. He was still on the floor looking
  up at her like a puppy. Softly, she said, "Anything? Are you sure you do anything
  for me?" He wasn't hesitating; she was the best thing that ever happened to
  him so he promptly confirmed, "Yes, I'd do anything." She stared at him with
  feeling of pity and anger at the same time; she felt like she wanted to start
  beating him up just because he made her feel the way she felt. And she shouldn't
  have had such feelings; she had a firm agenda why she picked him up in the
  first place. "Stand up!" she ordered; once he was on his feet, he wasn't covering
  his genitals, anymore. "Follow me!" she commanded him again, turned on her
  heel and walked to a door on the other side of the hallway. She opened it and
  walked straight in; as he entered the room, he saw that it was almost empty.
  In the middle, there was some kind of bench that looked more like a table but
  wasn't high enough or wide enough. But, all walls were in mirrors; he was able
  to see numerous reflections of both of them and, once the door closed, he wasn't
  sure where the exit was, anymore. The bench had four legs with leather restraints
  attached to each; top of the bench was lined in shiny black leather cloth. "Lay
  there" she said pointing at the bench; he quickly obeyed and lay on top of
  it. She circled around the bench and stopped at each leg just to secure his
  hands and legs with those leather restraints. His hands and legs went downwards
  and his front was exposed to her.  
She unzipped her dress and it fell on the floor around her legs; she stepped
  out of it and straddled him. She wore no underwear at all and he was somewhat
  confused with the fact that he never noticed it while he was below her at the
  sofa. Her gorgeous body made him dizzy; as she straddled him, she sat atop
  of his chest. The view from his aspect was magnificent; her firm body, round
  and beautiful breasts and her face framed in shiniest hair he ever saw. She
  began to pass her fingernails across his face downwards; she slightly scratched
  his neck and went for his chest. She inhaled deeply and closed her eyes; he
  thought it was some kind of game again but she was simply too horny. She looked
  down at him and said, "You want some of this?" she pointed with her finger
  down to her cunt, "Do you want a taste of it?" she continued. "Yes, yes&hellip;please" just
  the though of her pussy on top of his face made his penis go straight up in
  the air. She moved a little closer and continued, "Hmm&hellip;why would a man
  like you, allow a girl like me to tie him up, make him completely helpless
  and left to one's mercy?" she looked back down at him, "I could, for example,
  sit on your face for hours and there'd be nothing you could do to stop me." With
  that, she moved a little closer again; she was teasing him as she knew he wouldn't
  mind her sitting on his face for a whole day. She lifted herself up and stood
  exactly above his face, "Beg for it!" she said. With no hesitation, he started
  to beg, "Please&hellip;can I have a taste of your pussy&hellip;please, I am
  begging you, give it to me&hellip;please." Slowly, she lowered herself down
  and stopped just and inch above his mouth; his tongue came out and she felt
  its tip touching her warm and moist flesh. She wanted to tease him some more
  but she was too hot already; instead, she sat fully on his face and began to
  grind her cunt all over his mouth and nose. "Yeess...Lick it good!" she said
  in between loud moans. Although her pace was fast, his tongue managed to work
  her good; he was inhaling some air whenever he could. It didn't take her long
  to reach her first orgasm; "God&hellip;ooohhh!" she yelled, "YEESSSS! AAHHHH!" She
  arched her torso and her muscles turned to a spasm. Again, she stood up, looked
  down at him and grabbed his head between her hands, "You've got a great face
  to fuck!" she said all breathless. Before he managed to catch his breath, she
  was already placing the tip of his, with precum covered, dick. She stroked
  it twice to make sure it was hard enough and just slid on it; it was not some
  monster-cock but it filled her nicely. She began to ride him fast in an instant;
  she seemed so hungry for it like she hasn't had an orgasm just few moments
  earlier. She was riding and jumping all over his dick, her hair flew around
  her head and her fingernails dug into his chest. She lost it completely and
  began to scratch his chest skin, hard; however, it was not painful to him.
  The scratching made an awkward sensation he never felt before; it turned him
  on even more. Her moans turned into loud screams caused by pleasure growing
  inside her, "AAHHH! FUCK!" and she increased the pace. He was coming very close,
  too, and he began to squawk abruptly, "Mmmhh&hellip;ah&hellip;ah" his tone
  was low. As she heard him, she leaned forward and placed her right palm over
  his mouth, "SHUT UP!" she leaned on her right hand and made sure his mouth
  remain closed. She was reaching her top but she slowed down a little; she wanted
  to adjust her ecstasy with his. As his abdominal muscled began to twitch, she
  felt his dick in her pulsating. With first drops of his cum, she came; both
  of them got in intense orgasms and her fingernails squeezed his flesh like
  she was about to tear it off. As their ecstasy began to fade, she leaned forward
  and down; she grabbed his chin and squeezed it until he opened his mouth. Their
  lips connected and her tongue probed so violently in his mouth that his own
  remained still; she kissed him with such fury, he thought she wanted to suck
  his lungs out. After a few seconds, she straightened up and lifted her left
  hand in the air; it came down at him and collided with his right cheek, "THAT'S
  FOR COMING INSIDE ME, YOU LITTLE FUCK!"  
He was completely bewildered; one moment she was so hot for him and kissing
  him so passionately, and then slapping his face so hard. She knew how he felt
  and that was exactly what she wanted. She stood up and dismounted off of him
  and the bench. In a few seconds, she cut loose his hands and legs and said, "Stand
  up and get dressed!" With that, she put on her dress and opened the door; she
  went out and left it open. He came after her and went for his clothes; without
  a word, she waited for him to get dressed. "Come" she said, "You're leaving
  now"; he looked at her with disappointment in his eyes but followed her to
  the door. She opened it and gave him room to pass, "I don't&hellip;understand" he
  began, "I am sorry if I did something wrong, but&hellip;" She never let him
  finish the sentence; instead, she said, "I am not going to explain myself to
  you, now; go and don't come back&hellip;ever!" her voice sounded determined.
  He was about to say something but she interrupted, again, "No! Just go home&hellip;leave
  now, this is not what you want, believe me. Don't come back, don't look for
  me, is that clear?" As he was already out in the hallway, she closed the door
  and locked it. 
He stood right in front of the door for several minutes, trying to figure
  out what happened; she leaned on the wall beside the door and bowed her head
  down. She knew she had to send him away but she wished she didn't; on the other
  side of the door, he wasn't sure if all that happened was just a dream or not.
  Once she heard his footsteps getting away, she went to the living room and
  fell on the couch, "SHIT!" she said and covered her eyes with her hand. 
Just as she was about to fall asleep, the telephone rang; it startled her
  so she almost yelled in the handset, "Yes&hellip;what!" It was the same female
  voice as before in the bar, "Did you do it?" a woman asked. Denise hesitated
  for a second and then she replied, "No&hellip;no I didn't, he freaked and ran
  away" she said. The woman on the other end changed her tone of voice, "Hmm&hellip;that
  never happened before; are you sure you didn't&hellip;" but she interrupted
  her, "Am I sure what? I said he ran away&hellip;period!" 
"Come on Denise&hellip;you know how good we sell these films and it is a
  good money; this was supposed to be your last film, anyway&hellip;then you
  could retire and enjoy the rest of&hellip;" but she interrupted her again, "I'll
  get you your movie! Just don't push me, ok." The woman waited a little and
  then she said, "I am not pushing you&hellip;but there is a deadline and you
  know it" she waited a little and added, "And it's Monday, so&hellip;" There
  was silence for few moments and Denise said, "You'll have it by Monday!" and
  she hung up. 
She stood up and went into that room where the bench was; the mirrors on
  the walls were actually all, closet doors. She opened one and behind it, there
  was a closet; there were variety of accessories inside like whips, hoods, some
  footwear, etc&hellip;Also, there was a camera hidden behind the mirror; she
  examined the camera, and then closed the mirror. She opened another and then
  another one; each had a camera hidden behind and all were on. As all the openings
  were in fact closets, all contained some toys and accessories. She closed the
  last one and went out; in her bedroom there was a computer. She sat at it and
  began to work on something. A window appeared containing other smaller windows;
  each of these had some part of her apartment covered by the cameras. She switched
  the views off and pressed a play button below; instantly, all cameras began
  to replay what was recorded. Everything, since the moment she brought Ben to
  her place until the moment he left, was recorded. She watched it for a while
  and then stopped, "No&hellip;not this one" she said to herself, turned the
  computer off and left. 
It was a Saturday morning and she had only two days to compile her homemade
  film; she prepared herself for going out that evening to find a new main character
  for it. But that day, she had tough luck; all the usual places just wouldn't
  provide what she wanted. She came home early in the morning, alone; there was
  still one day left but she needed to be quick. As she opened the elevator door
  and stepped out, she saw Ben on the floor in front of her door; he fell asleep.
  'Damn it&hellip;damn that kid!' she thought, 'I told him not to come
  back&hellip;why would he&hellip;' she never finished her thoughts. Instead,
  she sat on the stair opposite to where he was and just watched him for a while.
  Seeing him asleep like that, he looked even cuter then before. After maybe
  10 minutes, she stood up and then squatted near him, "Hey&hellip;wake up" she
  said quietly and pushed his shoulder. He opened his eyes and looked up at her;
  his heart beat went up once he laid his eyes on her. She was a bit pale and
  looked tired but, to him, she looked incredible. She grabbed him under his
  arm and pulled him up; as she was unlocking the door, she said, "I though I
  told you not to come back, haven't I?" As he wasn't entering the apartment,
  she turned to him and said, "Do you like it better out there in the hallway?
  What are you waiting for?" and with her hand, she gestured for him to enter. "Sit
  there" she pointed at the table in the middle of dining room; she put away
  her jacket and her purse and went to the fridge to bring two beers. 
He was just sitting there quietly as she brought the beers and sat down, "Why
  did you come back?" she asked. She was sure he wouldn't be able to make one
  good sentence in explaining himself, but she was wrong; he had enough time
  to think about things and how to say them. "I want to know what happened here
  two days ago and why you threw me out like that" he said with certain determination
  in his voice. His appearance confused her for a moment, long enough for him
  to continue, "And don't tell me you just wanted a good fuck for an hour; there
  was more to it, I am sure." 
She leaned forward on the table with an angry expression on her face, "Well,
  look how cocky you've become in only two days" her voice rose within her talking, "Did
  you just order me what to tell you or not?!" Her voice and her acting put him
  back at his place, "No&hellip;I just&hellip;I wanted to&hellip;sorry."  
She grinned at him and said, "That's better; that's the way I like you &ndash; cute
  and helpless." 
After a few sips of beer, she asked, "You know how to work with computer?" "Yes,
  of course" he replied. She stood up and said, "Come, I'll show you something." They
  went to her bedroom and she told him to sit by her PC; she ran one program
  and same window with many others in it, appeared on screen. "Click on play
  button" she instructed him; as soon as he did, he saw what she wanted to show
  him. "You recorded everything the other night!" he said with unhidden surprise
  in his voice, "But why? Is this some kind of kink of yours?" She smiled and
  said, "You could call it that, but not really; this is what I do for living&hellip;I
  seduce and then record my victims." "Victims?" he was confused, "I wouldn't
  say I was victimized the other night", he turned to the computer screen and
  said, "This is just porn" he said. She sat on the table, placed one leg on
  his upper right thigh and huddled the other between his legs. "Ever heard of
  snuff porn?" she asked him with low and serious tone of voice; he felt coldness
  passing down his spine. It took him a while to answer but he managed, "Yes,
  but&hellip;I though those were only stories"; suddenly, his voice got higher, "Don't
  tell me that you&hellip;!!! Is that why you wanted me here?" she just nodded
  her head slightly, "No, I don't believe you&hellip;you couldn't&hellip;it's
  not&hellip;" but he lost his thoughts soon enough. He stood up promptly and
  said, "I don't believe you; you just want to scare me off, again&hellip;but
  if that's what you really want, then I'll just leave&hellip;just forget it".
  Even his angry appearance was cute to her; she smiled and said, "No, I don't
  want you to go; in fact, I really want you to stay with me." "First you say
  you wanted to&hellip;want to snuff me or something and now&hellip;I really
  don't&hellip;" but she interrupted him, "Don't be stupid; if I wanted to "snuff" you,
  you'd be dead already. I had you tied up and immobilized, remember?" 
She stood on the floor, too and continued, "But, for you to stay, you needed
  to know the truth." Slowly, she came closer to him and leaned forward to say
  something; he was really afraid that he almost backed away; she whispered in
  his ear, "Now, do you really want to stay with a serial?" The sound of the
  word 'serial' made him tremble, "How&hellip;how many did you&hellip;you know?" She
  waved her head as a 'no' and said, "I said serial, haven't I? There are some
  things you don't need to know." He felt afraid and repulsive at the same time,
  to the whole issue; he said in a sarcastic way, "Well, did you enjoy it, ha?
  Was it all at least worth while?" Before he realized what happened, her right
  palm collided with his face, "I SAID, THERE ARE SOME THINGS YOU DO NOT NEED
  TO KNOW! ONE MORE IDIOTIC QUESTION AND I'LL KICK THE SHIT OUT OF YOU&hellip;UNDERSTOOD? " she
  yelled at him. Although, her temper got him even more scared, he felt turned
  on by it, at the same time. She was a little sorry she hit him, but she never
  showed it; instead, she grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the bedroom.
  She led him directly to a "mirror room" and, once inside, she said, "Don't
  move!" and went to open one of the hidden closets. He just watched her like
  paralyzed; first he saw one of the hidden cameras; next thing he saw was a
  wooden garrote she pulled out of the closet. It took him some time to realize
  what it was as he never saw one before, "You know what this is, don't you?" she
  asked. "Yes, I think so" he replied humbly, "Do you believe me now?" she asked
  as she knew he still hadn't comprehended it fully. As he wasn't replying, she
  came closer to him and said with specifically graceful tone of voice, "Maybe
  you would like to try it?" and her face stretched into a very wicked grin.
  He wasn't sure if she was just joking or not but he still flinched back a little, "You
  know&hellip;some of "them" were actually volunteers; some of them actually
  begged for it and were very grateful" she said and continued after a short
  pause, "The only problem is that I have to make one more film and my deadline
  is tomorrow; I must deliver the goods or I just might be the next one." 
He waited for a while and said, "I don't understand&hellip;why would you&hellip;" but
  he was again interrupted, "After this one, I retire; but I have this obligation
  to some very nasty people and if I don't deliver&hellip;" she made a throat-slicing
  gesture with her hand. "And more I think of it, I see you as a perfect main
  character for the film" she stopped and waited for his reply. "You want to
  kill me to save yourself and you're asking me if I do it? I can't believe this!" he
  said. "You're being stupid again, kid; if I wanted to kill, would I show you
  all this and ask you? No&hellip;I'd just do it and you know damn well I could." She
  came closer, placed her palm on his, still burning cheek, and continued, "But,
  in order to save my ass and for us to be together, you need to be seen dying." She
  caressed his cheek more and said, "I suppose you could play dead, couldn't
  you? That way, everyone would be happy, I'd be off the hook and you&hellip;you'd
  be still alive and kicking." With that, she pressed herself against him and
  said, "And, if still interested, you could be living out your fantasies with
  a woman to adore, to serve and worship&hellip;and that would be me, of course",
  the last part she said cheerfully. Before he managed to open his mouth, she
  brought her face in his and her tongue came out of her mouth. She began to
  slowly lick his lips, his cheeks and his neck; the warmth and the moist of
  her mouth made him dizzy, "Mmm&hellip;what do you say, ha?" she asked in between
  two licks, "I know you&hellip;mmm&hellip;want to; don't deny yourself&hellip;slurp&hellip; of
  me." Her hand found its way to his groin; she placed her palm atop of it and
  gently rubbed it against his pants, "I could&hellip;slurp&hellip;make you nuts
  with&hellip;mmm&hellip;lust." In all that haze, he remembered how just yesterday,
  he thought how he could die for that woman. It was just a stupid paradox at
  the moment, but still, he couldn't believe the words that came out of his mouth
  next, "Yes, yes&hellip;I'll do it&hellip;I'll die for you if you want me to&hellip;yes." Once
  she heard him, she slowly moved away and said, "Wait! There is something else,
  too" He couldn't believe her words; 'what else could there possibly be'
  he thought. "Come with me" she said and walked to the door; they sat on the
  sofa and she pulled out few papers, "You see, there is one slight problem." He
  was listening eagerly what she had to say, "Well, for each of this films, I
  get like a script from these people; this is what they want to see on the film." He
  wanted to take the papers but she wouldn't let him, "The problem is, some of
  the things here cannot be faked; some of the acts just have to be done for
  real. Faking your death is actually the easiest part." She stopped for a while
  and said, "Take this and read it; it is all up to you now&hellip;if you can't
  do it, I'll understand." As he took the papers, she stood up and went into
  dining room; ha watched her walk away thinking how there couldn't be anything
  that would make him not accept this deal; she was too good, worthy of anything
  at all. He began to read it; at first, it was just describing the way she was
  supposed to seduce him and bring him to her place. But more he read it, more
  his yaw got open in disbelief; he was supposed to be whipped hard with something
  called "cat-o-nine", tortured with burning cigarette stubs and some other stuff.
  He understood all except for one thing; he was supposed to be given a "scat
  treat" and then strangled in the garrote. He stood up and went to the dining
  room; his voice was low and shaky when he asked, "What is a scat treat? I understand
  the other stuff but this one&hellip;I don't know what it is." She looked at
  him, came closer and placed her hand on his cheek again; with a really soft
  voice, she said, "I am supposed to make you eat my shit, Ben&hellip;that's
  what it is." Hearing her words, he backed away; his face got some grayish-pale
  color and he felt nauseous just hearing those words, "E&hellip;eat your&hellip;shit?
  It's insane&hellip;it's&hellip;I can't&hellip;no!" he said and sat on the chair
  by the table. "Yeah, well&hellip;somehow I knew, that one would be a problem",
  she sat beside him and continued with a sarcastic tone of voice, "Can't blame
  you; it's not actually French cuisine, is it?" She passed her hand across her
  face in a tired manner and said, "Fuck it! I am just gonna pack up and run&hellip;nothing
  else I can do, anyway." She took his hand, stood up and said, "Come, you must
  leave now" and she pulled him up. Once they were at the door, she said, "Go
  and don't come back; I mean it this time, do not come back. You won't find
  me here anyway&hellip;I'll be gone tomorrow." She opened the door, pushed him
  out and said, "I am sorry this couldn't end up differently&hellip;I really
  am" and she closed the door, leaving him outside. 
He left with a feeling of emptiness inside him; she stood in the middle of
  living room figuring where to start with packing. It was already 4 o'clock
  in the morning and she had to leave at least before ten; her time was limited.
  She began packing; just the crucial things she planned to take with her. She
  still had enough money on a side and that was no problem. The apartment, she'd
  handle later, once the things calm down. Everything was in place for her except
  the fact that she wasn't supposed to be alone in all this; after a long time,
  she felt that there was someone she could have by her side. Disappointment
  was even greater taking the fact that his guy was ready to accept her regardless
  to what she did in past and still worship her as his queen, his goddess. And
  that was something she always wanted; to have someone that would love and serve
  her in the same time; someone just like Ben. It was 7 in the morning and she
  was almost done when someone knocked on her door; she went to see who it was
  thinking how it was too early for anyone to be at her door. She didn't even
  bother to check, instead, she opened the door just to see Ben standing in front
  of it. At first, none of them said a word; she was surprised by his appearance
  and he simply hesitated. After a while, without a word, he entered and said, "I'll
  do it" and proceeded to the living room. The surprise was full; she closed
  the door and rushed after him. He sat on the sofa, inhaled deeply and said, "I'll
  do whatever you want me&hellip;just, don't leave&hellip;please. I just want
  you to stay and&hellip;if you'd let me be with you&hellip;anyway you want." She
  sat beside him and took his hand in hers, "I am not sure anymore that I want
  you to do it" she said softly and continued, "But I really don't know what
  to say." At the moment, she wasn't thinking like she always used to; that something
  was actually only for her. At that moment she thought about both of them, together;
  if she'd let him do it, it would be for them, together. "Are you sure? You
  have to be completely sure that that's what you want&hellip;I don't want you
  to do it for me. If you decide to do it, do it for us, or even better for yourself." She
  didn't have to wait long for his answer, "I have decided already; I want to
  do it&hellip;and you're right, maybe I am doing it for myself. If it means
  I could be with you, then it is a petty sacrifice to do." Instead of saying
  anything, she pulled him closer and kissed his lips very gently. However, his
  reaction wasn't something she'd expect; he said, "Thank you, but I like it
  better if you kiss me like you did before&hellip;I had thousands of such romantic
  and nice kisses and it doesn't work for me, really." His voice sounded so sincere
  that she had difficult time not bursting into hilarious laughter. As she still
  held his hand, she assumed a serious attitude and said, "Ben, if we do this,
  I promise you that I will make all of your dirty fantasies, true; whatever
  they may be, I'll make them happen&hellip;you'll just need to tell me what
  they are" she smiled at him and continued, "And it won't be a big trouble for
  me as I am quite sure I'll like it all, too." They spent another ten minutes
  on the sofa just cuddling and then she said, "I think we should get to it;
  it's already 8 o'clock and my deadline is closing on us." She stood up and
  said, "Take some more time; I need to make a phone call" and she left.  
Same female voice answered as she dialed the number, "Yes", "It's me, Denise&hellip;you
  can come and pick up your film around noon." There was a short pause and the
  woman said, "So you did it, ha?" and Denise replied, "Not yet but I am about
  to in few minutes; just be here around noon" and with that she hung up. 
She came back to him, squatted in front of the sofa and said, "It's done,
  they'll be here to collect in 4 hours." She saw how he wasn't really thrilled
  with her words; probably, somewhere in his mind, he was still hoping that it
  wouldn't happen, that it was only a dream or something. To help the situation,
  she said, "Two hours more and we are free from it all." He saw how his hopes
  refreshed by just looking at him, "Now, I need to prepare myself&hellip;make-up
  and all, you know; you just wait here and I'll be back soon." She left the
  living room for her bedroom and left him with his thoughts. After 15 minutes
  she came back; the make-up she put on made her look extravagant. On her, she
  had a pair of knee-high boots with metal heel and some other metal ornaments
  on them. Also, she had spurs attached to them; she had a long PVC coat that
  reached just to the top of her boots and under it, she was naked. Her hair
  was tied in a horse tail and all that make-up made her face look, almost scary. 
She stood in front of him and calmly said, "It's time"; he stood up on his
  feet and came close to her. He wanted to proceed into the "mirror room", but
  she stopped him, "I want you to know something before we start; in there, I
  will have to say and do some things I, otherwise, wouldn't. You have to remember
  that it's all just mere acting by me, just as it will be by you. Whatever happens
  in there, it's not real&hellip;do you understand?" she finished and waited.
  It took him a while but he confirmed, "Yes, I know&hellip;don't worry." "Ok&hellip;take
  your clothes off and wait by the door; don't go in yet, I need to go and set
  up my computer for recording" and she went to the bedroom. Once she was done,
  she came back to find him naked, standing by the closed door; she pulled a
  leather collar out of her pocket and placed it around his neck. Then, she took
  out a black scarf and blindfolded him with it; he never said a word. "Ok, drop
  down on your hands and knees" she said and he complied; before she pushed the
  door open, she said, "Here we go." She walked in slowly tugging him by the
  leash; as all the cameras were already 'on', everything from that moment needed
  to appear real. As she was starting her role, her voice got different &ndash; louder
  and more determined, "GET UP, DOG! " she commanded him. He stood up and she
  threw him at the only wall without a mirror, "NOW, WE BEGIN !" she said. He
  felt his wrists and ankles were being secured with some kind of shackles, but
  he was still unable to see anything. "OPEN YOUR MOUTH, DOG! " she ordered;
  once he did, she shoved a rubber ball-gag in his mouth and strapped it around
  his head. Then, she removed the blindfold; in front of him was just a wall
  but, he glanced at the first mirror nearby and saw that the space was full
  of various accessories. In the middle of it was that garrote he saw earlier.
  He saw her, too; she went to one small table that had some stuff on it and
  took a leather hood. She then pulled it over her head and took out her horse-tailed
  hair thru the opening on top; her face disappeared completely and the only
  thing he was able to see was two ultra white sclerotic of her eyes. She looked
  at him and said, "WELCOME TO HELL, PIECE OF SHIT! " Suddenly, he felt that
  maybe it all wasn't such a good idea; her words and her new appearance were
  completely unknown to him&hellip;but, it was too late anyway. Strong and sharp
  back pain cut his thoughts in half; before he realized what happened, another
  painful strike hit his back. "WATCH ME RIP YOUR SKIN OFF, PIECE BY PIECE, DOG! " he
  heard her saying and, with her left hand, she turned his head towards the mirror, "YOU
  BETTER DON'T TAKE YOUR EYES OFF OF THAT MIRROR, BITCH! " A simple role in her
  film didn't seem such a though deal before; aside of that scat thing, he figured
  that all the rest would be nothing. At that moment he knew all of it would
  be as real as it gets; he tried to comfort himself with the thought that she
  probably knew what she was doing and, since she was doing it so realistically,
  that there was no other way. Just one question bothered his mind; he couldn't
  make a sane answer to the question of was she enjoying herself or not. If he
  could have only seen her face, he'd have known. After 20 merciless lashes by
  her whip, he limped in those shackles; his legs betrayed him. His sight got
  blurred and he suddenly found himself lying on the floor; he looked up and,
  thru the haze, saw her standing above him. He saw one of her boots coming at
  his chest and then the other one, too; for a while, she just stood on top of
  him and then squatted down, "LOOK HOW TINY AND SMALL YOU ARE NOW, DOG! I COULD
  CRUSH YOU INTO CRUMBS! " her voice was still cold. As his sight got better,
  he saw she was holding a cigarette in her hand and it was lit, too. With her
  left hand, she pushed his head aside exposing his neck; then, her hand came
  closer at it. She pressed the stub against his skin; the pain was so strong
  he wanted to yell from top of his lungs. However, the ball gag prevented it;
  she removed the cigarette and her hand went down. He couldn't see where, instead,
  he heard her saying, "YOU'LL LIKE THIS ONE BETTER. " She leaned the stub against
  his left nipple and pressed hard; she waited until it was fully extinguished
  and strong odor of burned flesh filled the air. The pain was so strong, his
  eyes filled with liquid; tears began to slide down his cheeks as he looked
  up at her hooded face. 
She had to put the hood on and she knew, even before they started the whole
  thing. In order to keep her appearance "normal" she had to hide her face from
  the camera. Usually, she'd just scramble her face on the recording and that
  would be good enough. But this time, it was all different; for the first time,
  she hated what she was doing and she still had to do it. She had two choices
  for making this recording; she could either go easy on him but make it last
  for couple of hours or, she could do it severely from beginning to the end
  and shorten it considerably. It wasn't much of a choice but she went for the
  second option; as soon as it would all be finished, the better. 
Seeing him in agony like that, wasn't so thrilling as it used to be with
  others; she stepped off of him and said, "Now crawl over there" and pointed
  at the garrote. Just as he was getting on his knees, she found an angle from
  which no camera had her face covered and whispered very silently, "Soon,
  it will all be over." He never made any sound or gesture that he actually
  heard her words; instead, he began to crawl towards the garrote. It was made
  low so, any person to be placed in it, needed to be on its knees. "Turn your
  back at it and move backwards" she was instructing him; he obeyed and soon,
  leaned his back to the wooden post. Lower part that lay on the floor was in
  between his legs; in aft part, there were four shackles divided in pairs and
  attached to each side of the garrote's lower frame. As she secured his ankles
  and his wrists with those shackles, his legs and arms were stretched backwards
  and behind the post. She brought a leather strap, placed it around his neck
  and both ends, she put through the opening in the post. Both ends had splices
  which came out at the other end; she attached those to a small shaft just below
  the opening where the strap came through. Then, she went to one of the mirrors,
  opened it and took out what looked like a wheel. She attached and secured it
  to the shaft; with that, it was all ready. She came in front of him and looked
  at him like she was checking if everything was ok; then she turned around and
  moved backwards until her ass cheeks were near his face. "YOU KNOW WHAT TO
  DO " she said firmly, "OPEN YOUR MOUTH, DOG! " She spread her legs a little
  and lifted her bottom just above his mouth. In that situation, there was nothing
  more she could have done to make sure it all went properly; she just hoped
  he wouldn't ruin their act. She never even looked down before she began to
  tense he abdominal muscles; she felt her excrement slowly coming out of her. "EAT
  DOG, EAT&hellip;THIS IS YOUR LAST MEAL " she said and pushed the first piece
  out completely. His mouth was wide open as her shit entered in; he began to
  swallow it, fighting his growing nausea, at the same time. After the first
  piece, she looked down and saw it was all gone; he swallowed everything and
  she felt relieved. Without hesitation, she tensed her muscles again and another
  piece came directly into his mouth, "DO YOU LIKE MY SHIT, DOG? I KNOW YOU DO!" she
  said as another piece disappeared inside his throat. At that moment, a different
  feeling woke up in her; it was already enough for the recording but she had
  more. Regardless to the film, she actually wanted to give him this scat treat;
  without a word, she pushed again and another piece entered his mouth. As he
  was swallowing, he felt on the verge of throwing up but managed not to. She
  moved away from him and turned to face him; he was pale and his face had a
  distorted shape. Part of that last piece was still between his teeth and his
  throat and he was struggling to make it go away. Seeing him like that had a
  strong impact on her; she felt aroused by it. She waited for a while until
  he swallowed it al and finally opened his eyes; she went to the mirror that
  was still opened and brought a bottle of something. He saw what she was doing
  and couldn't remember that part from the "script". The bottle contained some
  kind of a green-colored mouth wash; she came closer and said, "OPEN YOUR MOUTH! " and
  as he did, she poured some of it inside. "WASH YOUR DIRTY MOUTH AND SWALLOW
  IT!" she commanded again. As soon as he obeyed she came closer; carefully,
  she placed her right leg on top of his left thigh and then the other on top
  of his right thigh. Both, her heels and her spurs dug into his flesh as she
  climbed on his thighs with her full weight. She grabbed his hair with her left
  hand and shoved his face between her legs, "LICK ME BITCH&hellip;EAT ME WHILE
  I BRING YOU TO YOUR END ." Her other hand began to turn the garrote wheel,
  slowly; he had nothing against pussy eating, so he began to work his tongue
  around hers.  
As soon as his face got between her thighs, he had his answer to a query
  from before; all the accumulated heat and juice that dripped from her sex meant
  that she actually enjoyed the whole act. 'Of course; why would it now all
  become different' he thought, 'she had to have some satisfaction from
  it all aside of the money she earned'. As the strap tightened around his
  neck, his thoughts were replaced by a sudden panic; 'what if all of her
  sweet talk was just a trick to get him into the garrote?' 
Suddenly, he stopped what he was doing with his tongue; she felt it and,
  without saying anything, pressed her cunt harder and began to grind it, against
  his face. His mouth was opening more and more as the strap got tighter; after
  a little while, he wasn't able to take as much as air as he needed. At that
  moment, he was sure that she would actually kill him, on purpose or not. 
At first, his sight got blurred and then there was darkness; all of his thoughts
  were gone as he sunk deeper in it. He lost his consciousness before he could
  hear her loud cries caused by a very intense orgasm. 
 As she heard someone knocking on the door, she rushed to open it, "Hi&hellip;it's
  noon and I am here; do you have the recording", woman asked. "Yeah, I have
  it&hellip;come in", Denise invited her in; as they were in the living room,
  she said, "But, before I give it to you, I need your help with something." The
  woman looked at her and asked, "Get rid of the body? You know I don't do that,
  Denise." "No, no&hellip;I just need you to help me carry him to the bathroom;
  we'll put him in the tub and I'll handle it from there as usual." The woman
  hesitated a little but then, she said, "Ok, to the tub only." As they walked
  in into the "mirror room" she suddenly stopped and asked, "Did you switch off
  the cameras?" "Of course I did, I am not stupid" she moved forward to where
  Ben was lying and added, "I don't have a mask on, do I?" her word calmed the
  woman down and she proceeded. Denise grabbed him under his arms and the woman
  took both of his legs; slowly, they carried him out. "Well, you did this one
  good&hellip;you're very good at this; pity that you're retiring" the woman
  said. Once they got out where there was light, she said with some surprise
  in her voice, "Hey&hellip;that's the guy from my store!" She looked up at Denise
  and added, "It's a shame though; I kind of got used of seeing him there." Denise
  smiled sarcastically and said, "Well, now you'll have him on tape forever." 
Slowly, he began to wake up; he felt groggy like never in his life before.
  At first, he couldn't remember who or where he was. As he opened his eyes,
  he saw silhouette of someone just above him, "You'll feel drugged for a while,
  but I had to do it&hellip;I am sorry" he heard a woman's voice. As his senses
  began to come alive, he started to remember things. Suddenly, as he recollected
  it all, he freaked and tried to jump but she stopped him and pushed him back
  down. "Easy now&hellip;everything is just fine; don't worry, you're safe now" her
  voice was calm and soft. "I won't hurt you, I promise" she continued, "just
  rest for a while."  
After some 15 minutes, she came back from her kitchen and found him sitting
  on the sofa. "How are you feeling?" she asked; although, he was still feeling
  pain all around, he said, "I'll be ok&hellip;I think." 
"Listen&hellip;I put you to sleep with some chloroform to make sure your
  act is perfect until the end" she caressed his face a little and continued, "But
  now, everything is fine; I gave them what they wanted, they think you're dead.
  And, in case of any trouble, I have someone important on another recording
  helping me get rid of your body, so&hellip;" she stopped for a while and said, "I
  have it all covered now." 
She talked him thru all that happened after he lost his consciousness and
  he had no reason not to believe her; he was alive although, at one point, he
  was certain he was about to die. 
He looked up at her and said, "I know&hellip;" as he didn't finish, she asked
  with a doubtful expression on her face, "You know what?" His voice was low
  and forgiving, "I know that you enjoyed it all." 
At first, she felt embarrassed; there was no point of denying what he already
  knew so she decided to refresh his memories some more and change the subject.
  She moved away a little, put her hand in the air and slapped his cheek, gently
  that time; she said, "You are already forgetting yourself; this time you're
  forgiven only because you're still dizzy, but you should remember who is in
  charge here." After that, she smiled at him and said, "So what if I did? It
  only means that we may have to replay some of that stuff, sometime; now, that
  shouldn't be a big problem for you to do for your queen and goddess, right?" 
mm  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





