BDSM Library - The Chronicles of the S^3 Society




The Chronicles of the S^3 Society
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ralph has an interest in extreme porn. One day, he gets invited to join a secret society where he can live out his wildest and darkest fantasies, The S^3 Society.
Author's apology. and disclaimer

First, let me apologise to my remaining fans for my last published
effort. I fell into the trap of writing someone else's fantasy
instead of my own, and it was an unmitigated disaster. You didn't
like it, I didn't like it, it bombed, and deservedly so. I henceforth
promise that I will only write my fantasies. I will welcome
suggestions and ideas, but I will only incorporate them if they
trip my trigger, and even then, probably only after taking them
and adding my own signature touch to them.

Meanwhile, this is an idea I have been holding in my head for some
little while, which was to tell a bit more about the S^3 Society.
I have chosen to follow the story of one young man, who discovers
the Society (or is discovered by it), and finds a home among men
with similiar predilections. Hopefully, you will enjoy it.

Now the disclaimer: This story features extreme torture, and snuff,
of women. If you are unable to distinguish fantasy from reality,
stop now. This story is not for you. Go back and watch your bland
network television programmes. Do not try to reproduce the events
herein depicted at home. Doing so will likely wind up with you
disgraced, imprisoned, and forced to listen to Britney Spears
endlessly, until your grip on reality is so weakened that you begin
to think that your dog is talking to you, and telling you to kill
everyone you meet.

You have been warned. For those who survived all of the above and
are still with me, I present, for your entertainment:




The Chronicles of the S^3 Society

Prologue

Ralph was excited, and very nervous, too. Today was his first time
hosting the monthly meeting of the S^3 Society, and he wanted
everything to go perfectly. He had spent weeks organising the
entertainment, and now he just wanted to know that everyone enjoyed
it. He knew that if he blew his chance tonight, he might be asked
to leave the Society, and he couldn't risk that.

Chapter 01 -- In the beginning

He remembered how it all got started. He was just another horny
geek out there, surfing for porn. Of course, his tastes were a bit
different. Most folks were surfing for "cocksucking latinas" or
"cum crazed teens" or the like. Not Ralph. Ralph had always been
kinky, looking for pictures of women in bondage, or fucking large
and strange toys, or being used as furniture. He read a lot of
kinky stories, followed some newsgroups, and joined a few BBSes
(back in the days before the soi-disant "World Wide Web"). One day,
on a BBS in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Ralph found some strange and
strangely arousing artwork.

Artwork had never appealed to him like pictures with live models.
It just wasn't the same. You could do anything in a picture, so it
didn't have that same feeling of reality that a picture did. But
then he found some artwork by an artist called Dolcett. Apparently
what Ralph had felt was a limitation of BDSM artwork, Dolcett saw
as an advantage. He was able to draw scenes that (as far as Ralph
could tell) never were, and would never be. He saw women being
tortured, roasted, sold for meat or spare parts. He was fascinated.

He had never really heard of "snuff" before. Oh, sure, there were
the media scares about "snuff films" but everybody knew that such
things just weren't real. He remembered hearing about the whole
"Jake Baker" case, but had never read the man's work, and it had
never appealed to him. Suddenly, he was curious. No, he was intrigued.
He sought out more of the same.

Of course, back in those days, snuff porn was hard to find. Maybe
a BBS would have a few "extreme" pictures (usually the same dozen
Dolcett drawings), and one or two extreme stories (usually Sunder
and something by Dante). But that was about it.

Fast forward about five or six years. Suddenly, the Internet
exploded. Web sites popped all over the place. And Usenet! Newsgroups
such as alt.torture and alt.sex.snuff.cannibalism became extremely
cool places. Reading Perro Loco's adaptations of Dolcett's Roasting
Grotto and Club X was enlightening. Other people got into this
crazy stuff. And liked to write and fantasize about it.

But of course, Ralph knew that it was all faked. Trick photography,
or Adobe Photoshop, could produce any image you could imagine, and
of course, you could write fiction about any damn thing you wanted.
But nobody was actually doing it. Ralph got in on the act, writing
some stuff, posting it, corresponding with a few folks. It was all
good fun.

You know the sort of thing: "So now you have cut off my left nipple,
Ralph, what would you do next?" And Ralph was having a good old
time, until ... The Day. The Day he first got an email from someone
who signed himself only as "The Chairman". It said,

 Ralph,
	I know that you are interested in torture and snuff, and
	I also know that you are not a cop. I have been checking
	you out, and would like to offer you a chance to participate
	in some real torture, and snuff. If you are interested,
	give me a call at: 555-555-5555.

	The Chairman

Ralph, of course, figured that someone was either trying to scare
him or scam him. "I have been checking you out" indeed. Then he
realised something. The Chairman had called him "Ralph". Not "Yelliw
John", which was the name he always used when posting to newsgroups.

Maybe there was something to all this. What the hell. Ralph went
out to a pay phone (in case), and called the number. A woman
answered, "S Cubed Society, may I help you?"

"May I speak to The Chairman?"

"Whom may I say is calling?"

"Ralph."

"Ah, Mr Winston, The Chairman has been expecting your call. One
moment, please..."

"Hello, Ralph. It's nice to speak with you." The man who answered
had a pleasant voice. He didn't sound like a crazy or a weirdo.

"Wait a minute. How the FUCK do you know my name? What the fuck is
going on here? I'm gonna"

"Hold on a minute, Ralph. Let me explain. I first noticed you when
you posted some stories to alt.torture. When you joined our website,
I noticed that you avoided all the 'fuck-and-suck' porn we keep
out front for the losers. You went straight to the good stuff. Your
comments to other members on our message boards led me to believe
that you were 'our kind of guy'. So I had some people I know
investigate you. I found that you were not a cop, just a fellow
traveller who liked to see women in pain. Am I right, Ralph?"

"Yes...Wait a minute, you got my info when I joined your website?
What website? I never joined the S^3 Society. I would have remembered."

"No, Ralph, we operate a number of, shall we say, fronts. Websites
that keep the Society at one remove from our customers. We watch
who joins. When we find one who looks like a candidate, we check
him out. If he (and it will always be he, for reasons which will
become apparent if you join) looks promising, and is not a cop, or
a crazy, I send him the same email I sent you. Most don't call.
They think this is a hoax, or a scam. But a few, a special few, do
call. A few like you, Ralph."

"Fine, so I am special, because I called. So what!"

"Well, Ralph, we want to invite you to join the S^3 Society. We
think that you have what it takes. We are on the lookout for people
who have that certain quality, and I think you have it, Ralph."

"What quality? And WHAT THE FUCK is the S^3 Society?"

"Calm down, Ralph, and let me tell you. The Society is a secret
brotherhood who believe that women exist for one purpose: To please
men. We further believe that they can please men in only three
ways, which we call the Three 'S'es: Sex, Screams, and Snuff. Our
members get together once each month, at an undisclosed location.
Each month, one member, who is the designated host, arranges the
evening's pleasure. We keep the membership fairly limited, of
course, but one of our members just passed away, and we have an
opening. Are you interested?"

"If you are serious, OF COURSE I am interested. So what do I do?
And how do I know that you aren't gonna just snuff ME, instead?"

"Perfectly natural questions, Ralph. First, if you are interested,
go home and visit the following website," and here he told Ralph
the URL. "Go there, and for the user name, enter Ralph, and for
the password, enter 'showme'. You can see some highlights from past
meetings of the Society. Hopefully, this will convince you of our
bona fides. After that, if you want to attend a meeting, just be
waiting at home this Saturday night, at 7PM. Somebody will call
for you."

Ralph hung up. 'This is too fucking weird,' he thought. But what
the hell. Obviously, these people already knew who he was, and
where he lived. So why not check out their website. If it was
bullshit, he would just go out on Saturday. Fuck 'em!

When he got home, Ralph logged on to the website. He was impressed.
He saw men in hooded black and red robes, fucking and torturing
beautiful women. There were some video clips he could download. He
did.  These women were really screaming. It was music to his ears.
He decided that he would at least give them a shot on Saturday.

Of course, he still didn't fully trust The Chairman. He wrote a
letter explaining where he was going (as best he knew), and mailed
it to himself, figuring that if anything untoward happened to him,
the cops would be interested in why he was writing to himself, and
probably open the letter. It wasn't much of a precaution, but it
was the best he could think of.

So Saturday night came. He was showered, and dressed. He'd decided
in the absence of instructions to the contrary to go with the whole
business casual look. Dockers, polo shirt, and loafers.

At precisely 7PM, there was a knock at the door. Ralph looked
through the peephole, and was stunned. Standing outside his door
was a woman who was a complete knockout. She was a 10/10 on anybody's
scale. Long brown hair, large but tight tits, a well-rounded ass,
and legs that seemed to go for miles. She was wearing a little
chauffeur's uniform. A black cap. A white blouse (tight and strained
to the point of bursting by her tits). A black jacket, unbuttoned
and loose. A black skirt so short that he was sure he could see
her cunt lips peeking out the bottom, just a bit.

He opened the door, and picked up his jaw. "Hi, I'm"

"You must be Ralph. I'm Marlene. I'm to escort you to tonight's
little gathering. You don't mind, do you, Ralph?"

"No, not at all."

"Good, then let's go." And with that, she led him down to a black
limousine, opened the rear door for him, and after he entered,
closed it behind him. Ralph noticed that the tinted windows prevented
him from seeing out, as well as preventing others from seeing in.
More security. He only hoped he wasn't setting himself up.

He felt the limo lurch into motion. What the hell, he was on his
way.




Chapter 02 -- The first meeting

After thirty minutes or so, the limo stopped. Marlene opened the
door for Ralph, and said "Welcome to the S^3 Society."

Ralph exited the vehicle. He was in a large garage, with two more
limos besides his. A man was walking across the floor. He was
wearing a black robe.

"Hello," he greeted Ralph. It was The Chairman. "Won't you please
follow me?"

He led Ralph over to a small elevator. They entered, the door
closed, and they began a gradual descent.

"Let me explain some things. Tonight, you are a candidate member,
or 'White Robe'. As such, you can't participate in tonight's Society
activities. However, if a member invites you to participate in a
private activity after the business of the meeting, you are free
to do so. Your participation is only limited by his will. If after
tonight, the members decide you are worthy, at the next meeting,
you will be initiated. After your initiation, you will be a full
member, or 'Red Robe'. After you have been a member long enough,
you will be given the chance to 'host' a meeting. If the members
feel you did well as host, you will become a senior member, or
'Black Robe'."

The elevator halted, and the door opened. They were in a nicely
furnished dressing room. The Chairman handed Ralph a white robe,
and pointed to one of the robing rooms off the main room. "Take
off your things, and put this on."

Ralph entered the chamber and closed the door. He was a bit nervous
about this, but "in for a penny, in for a pound." He removed his
clothing, and noticed that there was a comfortable pair of white
slippers to wear. The robe didn't open in the front, but was more
like a monk's cassock. He pulled it over his head. He debated
pulling the hood up, but decided to wait and see what the protocol
was.

"Excellent," The Chairman said, when Ralph returned. He snapped
his fingers, and an incredibly beautiful, incredibly sexy, incredibly
naked woman ran in from a side door, and dropped to her knees in
front of The Chairman. She was Eurasian, with long straight black
hair, an olive complexion, but curiously, blue eyes.

"Give her your clothes, and she will have them cleaned, pressed,
and ready for you to wear after the meeting. Isn't that right,
Susan?"

"Yes, Master, of course." The girl took the proffered bundle, and
hurried away with it.

"Isn't she lovely?" asked The Chairman.

"Breathtaking."

"And, as you will discover later, she gives the most exquisite
head.  Of course, that should be no surprise, as her mother was
also an excellent cocksucker. Thinking about her still makes me
hard. She was my first snuffette, you know."

"No, I didn't."

"I'd be surprised if you did. I bought her about twenty years ago,
and we played together, hard and often. One day she told me she
was pregnant, and that's when I had a great idea. I was going to
let her carry the child to term, and the day after she gave birth,
I was going to torture her, hard. I wanted to know if childbirth
really was torture, as so many women claim, or if not, how it
compared to real torture."

"Finally, she gave birth to Susan, and the next day, I put my plan
into action. After about twelve hours of torture, she agreed that
childbirth was not torture. Then I finished her off. That is still
one of my favourite videos. Every year, on her birthday, Susan and
I watch it. Or rather, I watch it, and she listens. She can't see,
as she is blindfolded, and she has my dick in her mouth. She is
under strict orders not to make me come until her mother expires."

With that, The Chairman opened the door on the other side of the
room, and led Ralph into a scene straight out of Club X. All around
the room, beautiful naked women were being fucked, giving head,
and of course, being tortured. Ralph loved it.

The Chairman took him over to one of the members, a black robe as
well. "Ralph, this Jack. He is our host for tonight. Jack, would
you mind introducing Ralph to the other members, and explaining
what you have on tap for us this evening?"

"Sure thing. Ralph, would you please follow me?" With that, he lead
Ralph across the room, to an older man in a black robe, who had it
rucked up at the waist. Kneeling in front of him, sucking his cock.
was a brunette with an incredible body. With a start, Ralph realised
it was Marlene.

"Ralph, this is Eric. Eric, Ralph."

"Pleased to meet you, Eric."

"Likewise. So you are the new candidate member, eh? What do you
think so far?"

"I love it. I really hope I make it. This is exactly what I have
been looking for."

"Yeah, I remember my first meeting, feeling just like that. Speaking
of feeling, doesn't Marlene give the best head you've ever had?"

"I don't know. She never gave me head."

"What?!" both Jack and Eric exclaimed.

Jack wrapped his hands in Marlene's hair, and pulled her off his
cock to look her in the face. "Why didn't you suck Ralph's cock?
Do you think you're too good, too special, too high and mighty, to
suck a candidate member's cock? Is that it?" As he asked these
questions, he would emphasize his points by slapping her face,
backhand and forehand, so it was really more like "Why *slap* didn't
you *slap* suck *slap* Ralph's *slap* cock *slap*?"

"But Master, we would have been late."

"So you would rather be punished for failing to suck cock than for
being late, would you? How many black marks do you have already,
girl?"

"Seven, Master."

"Now you have eight. Report to me after the meeting to redeem them.
And make sure you bring Ralph."

"Yes, Master."

"In the meantime, go tell Juliette you are taking her place in
tonight's entertainment, and tell her to report to me immediately."

The now shaking girl hurried off to do as she was told. Soon
thereafter, a short but highly curvaceous girl with jet black hair
came running up to Jack, Eric, and Ralph. Jack simply pointed to
his cock.

She knelt at his feet, and began to suck with a will. It was clear,
however, that she was not in the same league as Marlene, though
she tried.

"This is Juliette," Jack said. "She's not as good a cock sucker as
Marlene, but she is pretty when she cries. Let me show you what I
mean." He snapped his fingers, and another naked slave girl ran
over to him. He whispered to her, and she ran off to fetch what he
required.

She returned with a board, a hammer, and several long nails. She
laid the board on a nearby table, along with the nails, and brought
the hammer to Jack.

Suddenly, Jack stiffened. It was clear that he was coming in
Juliette's mouth. She licked him clean while he regained his
composure. Finally he told her, "Over to the table. Lay your tits
on the board."

Juliette did so. Jack grabbed her right nipple, pulled her tit
taut, and told the trembling girl "Hold your tit tight like that
while I nail it to the board."

She did so, and Jack picked up one of the nails, held it behind
and to the right of her nipple, and pounded it through her tit
flesh and into the board. The girl endured her torment silently,
her tear streaked face and heavy breathing the only outward signs
of the agony she was in.

Jack proceeded to do the same thing behind and to the left of her
nipple, effectively immobilising her tit. "You may let go," he
said, and sure enough, her tit remained in that obscenely stretched
position.

He grabbed a third nail, and lined it up right over her nipple. He
drove it home, eliciting a grunt from Juliette. When he repeated
his actions on the other tit, her only reaction was continued tears,
and heavy breathing, interspersed with the occasional grunt.

Ralph was impressed. "How come you didn't need to bind her?" he
asked. "And why was she so quiet? That had to hurt."

"Tell him, Juliette!" Jack ordered.

"Yes, Master. It is very simple. If I attempt to move away from a
member who is torturing me, not only will I be bound in place, and
the torture repeated, and augmented, but in addition, I will earn
a black mark. Every black mark has to be redeemed with an hour of
screaming per black mark so far. So for example, Marlene is now
facing eight hours of extreme torture for failing to suck your
cock. Furthermore, twelve black marks is an automatic snuff. In
addition, unless a Master has said he wants to hear us scream, or
unless we are redeeming black marks, making any noise louder than
grunts or groans is punishable by either an additional black mark,
by having our tongue cut out, or both."

Jack said, "Exactly. Now I want you to mount the wooden horse."
The girl began to tremble and shake far more violently than she
had when ordered to submit to having her tits nailed to a board.
Ralph wondered what the wooden horse was, that could provoke such
a reaction.

He was soon to find out. Juliette walked across the room, to a
wooden sawhorse, with the top about four feet off the ground. But
there was something unusual about it. Specifically, the top was
not flattened, but instead, came to a very sharp edge.

The girl lifted her leg over, and straddled the horse. It forced
all of the weight of her body on her pussy. She immediately began
wriggle and writhe, trying to find a comfortable position on the
horse. Of course, there wasn't one, and the agony was apparent on
her face.

Jack wasn't done with her, however. He grabbed two additional nails
and proceeded to nail her cunt lips to the board. "The only way
you are getting off the horse," he told her, "is if you rip the
nails out of your cunt lips."

He motioned over another of the slave girls, and gave her quick
orders. She returned a minute later with ankle weights, which she
strapped on to Juliette's ankles. Ralph noticed that each weight
was twenty-five pounds. He also cuffed her wrists together behind
her back, so she couldn't use her hands to take some of the weight
off of her tortured pussy.

Finally, Jack turned to the members and announced, "I'm starting
a betting pool on how many minutes Juliette will endure this torment
before ripping the nails loose. Everyone please see me for entries."

The members visited Jack, one by one. Juliette continued to suffer
and cry on the horse. Ralph was harder than a tent pole. One of
the members he had not yet met noticed, and ordered one of the
girls to suck Ralph off. She was ordered not to let him come until
Juliette tore herself free from the horse.

"I'm Marc, by the way," he said. "I would ask if you're enjoying
yourself, but it's clear that you are." He grinned.

"Pleased to meet you," Ralph answered. He felt he displayed remarkable
savoir-faire in answering the question in a normal tone of voice,
all the while having his cock sucked, licked, and teased like never
before.

The two men continued to chat, discussing the effects of the horse
torture on Juliette, and considered ways to augment it, all the
while getting their dicks sucked and watching Juliette suffer.

After about thirty minutes, the pain became too great for the
suffering girl, and she began trying to free herself. Denied the
use of her hands, she couldn't at first figure out how to dismount
the horse. She finally had the bright idea of attempting to dismount
just like a real horse, by throwing one leg over the top and on to
the other side.

Juliette had not thought through the consequences of this. With
both legs on the same side of the horse, she over-balanced, and
fell off, tearing both of her labia, but also earning her a nasty
knock on the head.

"Thirty-two minutes," Jack called out. "Marc, I believe that makes
you the winner. Congratulations!"

"What's the prize?" Ralph asked.

Marc replied, "The only prize worth winning, of course. Her life.
Hey, would you like to help me snuff her out after the meeting?"

"I'd love to, but I've already been invited to help Marlene redeem
her black marks with Jack."

"No problem. Hey, Jack, what say we have a joint session, with you,
me, Ralph, and featuring both Juliette and Marlene?"

"Sounds good."

Ralph couldn't believe his luck. He was going to get to help torture
two beautiful girls, and help snuff one of them. This was turning
out to be a far more entertaining evening than even his wildest
imaginings.




Chapter 03 -- Look but don't touch

Just after this, Jack announced, "Ten minutes, gentlemen." Ralph
correctly assumed this to be the signal that the main entertainment
was soon to begin.  Over the next few minutes, the members began
drifting through a door in the back of the room. Ralph followed.

In the next room was a large, raised stage. There was a curtain
across the front of it. The audience area consisted of a number of
wide, deep, high-backed couches. As Ralph watched, he saw that the
members could have a girl sitting on either side (or both), or have
one laid across his lap. It was also possible to have a girl kneeling
at one's feet, giving head, or sitting on one's lap, getting stuffed.

Jack noticed Ralph's hesitation on where to go. He told him, "Come
up here on stage, behind the curtain. You are going to be the
witness to tonight's entertainment. Have a seat on this couch," he
pointed to one just like the ones in the audience, "and Jackie will
keep you company."

Jackie was a beautiful African-American, tall, thin, but with large
tits and a big ass. When Ralph sat down, she immediately knelt in
front of him, and began sucking his cock. Ralph asked Jack, "What
can I do to her?"

"Anything you can do using only your hands. You can pinch her, slap
her, spank her, fist her, even punch her. You can order her to
assume any position, to fuck you, suck you, rim you, drink your
piss. What you can't do is use implements on her, maim or disfigure
her, or cause her to maim or disfigure herself. Beyond  that, have
a good time. Now, if you will excuse me, I have to get this started."

With that, Jack opened the curtain and turned to face the audience.
"Gentlemen members and honored guests," he nodded in Ralph's
direction, "welcome to the monthly meeting of the S^3 Society.
Tonight I have arranged a little contest for you all. These three
ladies," he gestured towards Marlene, Susan, and a blonde Ralph
didn't yet know, "are each going to be tortured in three different
ways. In no particular order, for five minutes per ordeal, they
will be beaten with a sjambok, zapped with electricity, and have
needles stuck in them. This will all happen on stage, but behind
the curtain. Only Ralph and I will see what is being done to which
girl at any given time."

"The contest is as follows," he continued. "First, based only on
their screams, you need to correctly identify each girl. Second,
you need to vote which torment caused the girls the greatest and
most entertaining suffering, and finally, you need to vote on which
girl gave the most entertaining screams. The winner will be the
member who correctly identifies all three girls, with a drawing in
case of a tie. He will get to inflict the torment voted most painful
on the girl voted best screamer for no less than half an hour."

Jack drew the curtain, and turned to the three girls. He grabbed
a black magic marker, and on Marlene's chest, wrote a "1", on Susan,
a "2", and on the unknown blonde, a "3". On the stage were three
torture stations: a whipping bench, a gynecological exam table,
and an electric chair. Giving orders only with hand gestures, Jack
ordered Marlene on to the whipping bench, Susan on to the table,
and the blonde (whom Ralph was later to learn was named Toni) in
to the electric chair.

Jack spoke for the first time since drawing the curtain. "I will
now give girl number one thirty strokes with the sjambok." Jack
picked up the sjambok and stepped behind Marlene. He drew back,
and struck.  For the first three strokes, Marlene managed to keep
silent (other than a sharply indrawn breath). However, with the
fourth, she began to scream, and by the time her thirty strokes
had been given, she was screaming like a banshee.

Ralph looked down at Jackie, still sucking him like she was dying,
and only his dick held the cure. He had an idea, and pulled her
off him.  She looked up at him in puzzlement. He wrapped his hands
about her throat and proceeded to choke her. She began to thrash.
Jack looked over at the commotion and gave him a thumbs up. Just
as it seemed the girl was on the verge of passing out, Ralph stopped.
Instead of letting her catch her breath, he immediately thrust her
back down between his legs, and she began to suck once more.

Jack next announced, "I will now stick thirty needles into girl
number two." He began with Susan's tits. He did the left tit, and
then the right, first putting one of the inch long needles into
her tit flesh at the eight main compass points. Then he put two
through each nipple, crosswise. Susan cried and sobbed throughout
but curiously, didn't scream.

Jack proceeded to her pussy, and put four needles through each lip.
Still only sobbing from Susan. However, when Jack grabbed her clit,
and she realised where the last two needles were going, she began
to shake, and when he finally pierced her clit, she let out a long
shriek of agony.

Finally, Jack said, "I will now zap girl number three." He pushed
a button on the chair, and suddenly Toni went rigid. Ralph looked
closer, to see exactly how she was being zapped. He noticed two
steel dildoes, one in her ass, and one in her cunt, and understood.
Toni was panting heavily, and suddenly let out a howl. It was a
sound of almost inhuman suffering, and she continued to howl for
the entire five minutes.

Jack, meanwhile, was removing the needles from Susan. When Toni's
five minutes were up, he ordered the three girls to rotate positions
so that Susan was now on the whipping bench, Toni on the gyno table,
and Marlene, the electric chair. He repeated the torments in order,
and again, Toni howled, Marlene screamed, and Susan only sobbed.
Ralph wondered what kind of tortures Susan had suffered that had
trained her to such stoic endurance. Maybe one day he would find
out.

After all three girls had their respective five minutes of the
second torment, Jack ordered them to switch again. Ralph wondered
how they had the strength to keep screaming like that, but realised
that by having three girls in the rotation, Jack had built in a
little time for each girl to catch her breath, and get ready for
the next torment.  His respect for the men of the Society increased
even more. He was determined to become a member.

When all three girls had screamed their way through all three
torments, Jack went out to the audience area and collected the
ballots from each member. He returned to the stage, and handed them
to Ralph. "Tally these, please," he requested, "and let me know
who the lucky winners are." Ralph went through each ballot, looking
at their identification of the girls and counting their votes. As
he did, Jack pulled the needles out of Marlene's body.  He then
ordered the girls to wheel the torture equipment offstage and drew
back the curtain. Everyone could see the numbers written on each
girl.

Ralph handed the results to Jack. "Thank you, Ralph. Gentlemen, we
have a single winner, so no need for a drawing. Our esteemed Chairman
correctly identified all three girls. For best torment, the vote
was nine for electricity, and one each for the sjambok and the
needles. Similarly, there were eight votes for best screamer to
Toni, with three to Marlene and none to Susan. So, Chairman, you
may zap Toni for at least the next thirty minutes."

The members applauded politely as The Chairman took the stage. He
turned to the members and said, "In honor of our guest tonight, I
am going to zap Toni ... to death." He sent the trembling girl to
fetch the chair back, and invited Ralph to help strap her in. As
Ralph tightened the straps, The Chairman began punching commands
into a keypad on the back of the chair. Ralph asked what he was
doing.

"Well, Ralph, this is a fully programmable computer controlled
electric chair. I am setting the execution sequence for Toni.
Basically, it will zap her continuously. Every five minutes, it
will increase the power. It will not hit lethal levels until at
least thirty minutes out. However, it will randomly zap her with
higher power throughout. She won't know when the higher spikes will
come, how long they will last, or even whether it is a random spike,
or the next increase."

"It's ingenious," Ralph said.

"Thank you," The Chairman said. "Would you like to do the honors?"
He pointed to the big green 'Start' button. Ralph pushed it. Toni
began to howl. Suddenly she let out a shriek, and Ralph realised
she must have gotten one of the zaps.

With that, The Chairman turned away, to go talk to one of the
members. In fact, Ralph noticed that none of the members were paying
Toni the bit of attention. Her screams were just the background
music to the party.

"Exquisite, isn't she?" asked one of the members Ralph had not yet
met, nodding at Toni.

"Definitely," he answered.

"She's my wife. I'm Karl, by the way," he said.

"Pleased to meet you. Your wife?"

"Oh yes. All of our wives and daughters ultimately belong to the
Society. I was actually planning on putting her down soon anyway,
but I will miss her. Nobody screamed like she did. Still, this is
what she was destined for, to die screaming for the pleasure of
men. It makes me sad, to see all the women who die peacefully,
every day, never getting this opportunity. They don't know what
they're missing.  So what do you think of all this?" He made a
sweeping gesture with his arm.

"It's fantastic. It's everything I ever hoped for. If I can't become
a member, I shall go mad."

"Just between us, I wouldn't worry. I don't think you will have
any trouble qualifying. Meanwhile, let me introduce you to the rest
of the members." With that, he took Ralph to find the members he
had not yet met.

As they chatted, Ralph found himself feeling right at home. These
were his kind of people, and he was glad they found him. Suddenly
there was a terrible scream. It was Toni. Ralph had completely
forgotten about her, but now he and the members all turned to watch
her death throes. She screamed for a further five minutes or so,
til she suddenly shuddered and was still.

There was an odor of cooked meat in the room, and Ralph realised
she was really dead. He was expecting it, but to really get to see
it was even better than he thought.




Chapter 04 -- After the meeting

As though her death was a signal, the members began dispersing in
ones and twos, followed in every case by several of the beautiful
slave girls. Marc and Jack came over to Ralph, followed by Juliette,
Marlene, and Susan. "Come with me," Jack told Ralph.

He led his entourage down a hall lined with doors. Above each door
were a red light and a green light. Some doors had only the green
light lit, some the red, some both, and some, neither.  Ralph asked
about them.

"Well, the green light means a room is occupied, but that anyone
is welcome to come in and participate. A red light means that a
girl is or will be snuffed inside," Jack explained. "No lights
means the room is occupied, but uninvited guests are not welcome,
and that there are no plans to snuff a girl. That doesn't mean the
members can't snuff one anyway, just that they didn't enter with
the intention of doing so."

He led them into a room whose door stood open. He closed it, and
set the red light, though not the green one. Ralph nodded in
understanding.

"It is now coming up on eleven o'clock," Jack announced. "Since
Marlene needs to scream for eight hours to redeem her black marks,
I suggest we get her started now, and let her scream until at least
seven in the morning. Meanwhile, we can attend to Juliette.  Now
although you are not yet a member, Ralph, within this room right
now, you may do anything you choose to Marlene, Juliette, and to
Susan, save that before using Marlene you need to check with me,
and with Marc before using Juliette. However, Susan is yours to do
with as you choose, without limit or restriction."

"Without" Ralph began to ask.

"Yes," Jack answered. "If you wish to, you are free to snuff her
out tonight."

Jack took Marlene over to the wooden horse on one side of the room.
"I had really wanted to see you ride the horse earlier this evening,
but you fucked that up. So here is the deal now. After you ride
the horse, you are going to receive 2000 strokes with the sjambok.
However, for every minute you ride the horse, ten strokes will be
taken off the total, up to a maximum of 1000. If, however, you fail
to make at least one hour on the horse, you will not only receive
the full 2000, but an additional 100 strokes for every minute you
fall short. Saddle up, girl. And of course, since you are redeeming
black marks, you are free to scream all you wish."

The three left Marlene to suffer, and turned their attention to
Juliette. Jack asked Marc, "What are your plans for her?"

"I was thinking a simple immolation would be entertaining. Okay,
not exactly simple. How about we get a blowtorch, and take turns
singeing off body parts? We'll stop when Marlene gets off the
horse." With that, he opened one of the cabinets that lined one
wall, and fetched out the torch. He lit it, and tuned the flame to
white-hot perfection.

"Since you are being snuffed," he reminded Juliette, "you are free
to scream and cry as you choose. But the only begging you may do
is to beg us to torture you more slowly, and more painfully.  Is
that clear?" She nodded. "Good. Lay on the table, on your back."
She did so, and Marc proceeded to strap her torso, neck, thighs,
and upper arms to the table.

He took the torch to her right foot, and held it at a distance of
about a foot. He began to bring it nearer, listening to her as she
began to scream. Soon there was a smell of cooked meat in the room,
and her toes were beginning to blister.

"That reminds me, have you ever eaten girlmeat?" Jack asked Ralph.

"No."

"It is the most exquisite treat. Once a quarter, we have an all
day picnic and barbecue, and the rest of the time, the Society has
a member who is a butcher, who will be glad to process a girl for
you. That's the only meat I eat nowadays, except when I am eating
out."

Marc handed the hissing torch to Ralph, who proceeded to burn off
the toes on her left foot. Ralph handed the torch to Jack, who set
to work on her right foot. And so they went, passing the torch from
man to man, gradually burning off Juliette's feet, ankles, and
calves.  She screamed like a banshee. It was music to all three
men's ears.

Finally, a buzzer sounded. "The horse has a pressure sensor," Jack
explained. Sure enough, Marlene had dismounted. "Only fifty minutes,
girl. Pity. That means you win an additional 1000 strokes of the
sjambok."

"That makes 3000 strokes, you know. I am not sure your ass could
take that many without becoming hamburger, so I will give you one
thousand to your ass, one thousand to your tits, and one thousand
to your belly, thighs, inner thighs, and cunt."

"Thank you for your courtesy, Master."

Jack motioned the girl over to a bar hanging from the ceiling on
a winch, with wrist cuffs at either end. She raised her arms, and
he cuffed them in place. He then turned to Ralph and Marc, and
said, "Would you gentlemen care to assist me? Ralph, you give her
strokes on the ass. I will do her cunt, and Marc her tits."

"One moment," Marc said. "I want to set up something to keep Juliette
occupied while we are attending to Marlene." He wheeled over a
small cart carrying some sort of electrical apparatus. He attached
leads to Juliette's tit, clit, cunt, and one in her ass. He pushed
a button on the front, and she immediately went rigid. After twenty
seconds or so, she relaxed. Then it repeated.

"I have set it up to give her shocks of random intensity and
duration.  I have also set it to have a ten percent probability
that any given shock will be lethal. Would you like to hook up
Susan, Ralph?"

"Sure, why not." Ralph gestured Susan to another of the medical
exam tables in the room, and quickly got her hooked up to the
machine.

"But what happens if it zaps her while we are not paying attention?"
asked Ralph.

"Well," Marc answered, "one, there are plenty more snuffettes where
these came from, so if you miss seeing her death throes, you can
always just get another, and two, before some shocks, including
but not limited to the lethal dose, a buzzer will sound. It keeps
the girls on their toes, and lets us know to pay attention."

"Cool!" And with that, they turned their attention from the screaming
girls to Marlene. Each held a sjambok in his hand. They stood around
her, and by unspoken agreement, raised their arms and struck all
at the same time.

The reaction was instantaneous, and dick-hardening. Marlene shrieked.
They struck again, and again, and again. She continued to scream
like a woman possessed, and after she had received about two hundred
strokes from each man, slumped in her bonds.

Jack immediately fetched the smelling salts, and roused her. Just
as they resumed her torture, a buzzer sounded. All three stopped,
and turned to watch. It was Juliette's machine that was buzzing.

She writhed and screamed most entertainingly, but after a minute
or so, slumped. False alarm.

And so it went for the next hour or so. The men would torture
Marlene, who would periodically pass out. The buzzer would sound,
and they would stop to watch one (and sometimes both) girls suffer
potentially lethal shocks, and then back to Marlene.

Juliette's buzzer sounded again, and when the men turned to watch,
Marc nodded, surreptitiously, to Jack and Ralph. Ralph realised
that the decision to snuff Juliette was not random at all, and that
Marc had chosen this time to snuff her.

Sure enough, she screamed much louder and longer than Ralph had
ever heard a woman scream before that night. He wasn't sure whether
Juliette or Toni had screamed better, but he knew that both had
screamed beautifully. The odor of cooked meat again filled the
room, as she suffered and burned for their entertainment.

Finally, after fifteen to twenty long minutes, she screamed her
last.  Ralph said, "That was fantastic. I have never seen anything
like it."

"You have seen nothing that compares to what you will see when you
are a member," Marc promised him. Ralph couldn't wait.

Suddenly Susan's buzzer sounded. As she began to writhe and scream,
Marc looked at Ralph with an eyebrow raised, questioningly. Ralph
realised he was being asked if he wanted to snuff Susan. He shook
his head, minutely. Not yet, he thought, but definitely tonight.




Chapter 05 -- A fine end to the evening

It was now almost seven in the morning. Marlene had been screaming
for more than seven hours, and had almost redeemed her black marks.
Susan had accompanied her, like a strange lounge act. "Marlene and
Susan scream the oldies" perhaps.

"I have an idea," Jack announced. "Let's hang them both. I have a
noose here that should take about half an hour to snuff a girl.
We'll hang them both until one of them dies. Then the loser will
be cut down." All agreed that this was an excellent suggestion,
and they put it into action.

Both girls, upon being hung, began to fight for air, twitching,
but trying to move as little as possible, knowing that moving
shortened their lifespan. They knew that one of them would not live
to see the sunrise.

Ralph had enjoyed all the tortures he had witnessed, and participated
in, but had to admit to himself that there was something extra
erotic about watching a girl slowly strangling for his amusement.
Both girls did the famous "Texas twister", air-dancing for the men.

Suddenly, the door burst open. Ralph looked up in surprise. "What
the fuck?" he thought.

In came three slave girls, who knelt in front of the men, and began
to suck them off. Ralph realised his new friends had thought of
everything.

Marc pointed to the girl sucking Ralph's cock. "That's Carla,
Susan's half sister." Ralph realised that he would be coming in
Carla's mouth while her sister strangled, and maybe died. It was
deliciously ironic, and made him harder than he thought possible.

Susan's writhing became especially frantic. She was clawing
desperately at the noose, to no avail. All three men realised that
she was going to lose the erotic little contest. As she breathed
her last, all three men filled the mouths of their slave girls. It
was glorious.

They cut Marlene down, and let her catch her breath on the floor.
Jack looked at Ralph and Carla. "Carla, why don't you drive Ralph
and Marlene home? Ralph, Carla and Marlene are yours to do with as
you please, until we see you again, with one exception. You may
not snuff them, maim them, or permanently disfigure them. Beyond
that, have a good time."




Chapter 06 -- The next day

Ralph woke up later that day, remembering what a bizarre and erotic
dream he had had, when he felt not one but two mouths on his cock.
Looking down, he saw two heads of brown hair, and felt them licking
and sucking his cock. They took turns sucking it into their mouths.
It wasn't a dream. He really had been to the S^3 Society meeting,
and really had snuffed out Carla's sister, as well as torturing
Marlene and Juliette.

Ralph couldn't imagine a better way to wake up. Finally, he could
stand the erotic teasing no more. He shouted "I'm coming!" and
proceeded to fill (he looked down, quickly) Marlene's mouth with
his come. As he lay there, enjoying the pleasant afterglow, the
doorbell rang.

"I'll get it, Master," Carla said. She scampered down the hall.
She returned with a mischievous smile on her face. "Shall we fix
you breakfast, Master?" she asked.

"What time is it?" he wondered. He turned to look at the clock. It
was almost three in the afternoon. "How about lunch, instead?"

"You got it." He started to get up, but Marlene motioned him down.

"You stay in bed with me," she suggested. "Carla will take care of
everything. We shall have breakfast in bed." She went back to
sucking his cock, not to make him hard, but more to relax him, and
show her devotion.

Soon the apartment was filled with the sounds and smells of a steak
dinner. It smelled like Carla was one heck of a cook. Soon she
entered the bedroom, carrying a tray. On it was a single plate,
with a steak, a baked potato, and a bowl of peas.

How had she known, he wondered. Then, "what are you two going to
eat?"

"We brought a bag of slave gruel, Master, which we will eat later.
How is your steak?"

He tasted a bite. "Delicious! But wait a minute. I don't remember
having any steak in the fridge. What the...?"

"Oh, well," Carla said, "that was the delivery that just came.
Since you snuffed my sister by strangulation, her meat was almost
entirely usable, so they butchered her this morning, and sent you
the choice cuts: some steaks, roasts, ribs, bacon, sausage, and
ground girloin."

"You mean"

"Yes. You are eating Susan steaks. What do you think?"

"Wow! This is ... incredible." He resolved to savour each bite.

Just as he finished eating, the phone rang. "Hello?" he said.

"Good afternoon, Ralph." It was The Chairman. "How was your
breakfast?" Ralph could hear the grin.

"Terrific. I take it I have you to thank for that?"

"You do. We like to see that our candidate members are well taken
care of. What are you doing a month from Saturday?"

"You mean?"

"Yes, the members voted this morning to initiate you at the next
meeting. Congratulations!"

"Is there anything I need to do or anything?"

"Nope. Just keep that weekend free. In the meantime, tell Carla to
bring in her suitcase. Take care, and we'll be in touch." With
that, The Chairman rang off.

Ralph looked at Carla and said, "Your father asked me to tell you
to bring in your suitcase. What did he mean?"

"Well, first, congratulations. It means they are initiating you.
Second, my suitcase, actually a steamer trunk, contains a bunch of
torture toys to use on Marlene and me."

"No clothes?"

"No, Master, we are forbidden to wear clothes, save as you command,
such as sexy lingerie or corsetry. We didn't bring any of that,
but if you want us to wear some, call the Society and have some
sent over."

"So what do we do for the next month?"

"Well, you fuck us, and torture us, as much as you choose. Other
than that, just continue on with life as usual." But Ralph knew
that life would never be usual again.




Chapter 07 -- A new life, marking time

So after a bit of experimentation, life did settle into a routine.
Ralph would be awakened by a warm mouth on his cock, either Marlene
or Carla. Sometimes he would shoot in her mouth, sometimes he would
fuck her pussy or ass.

Just after he came, the other girl would bring breakfast. He decided
he could really get accustomed to having breakfast in bed. He would
go to the bathroom, where the girls would bathe him and get him
ready for the day. If he needed to relieve himself, they were glad
to oblige him. They dressed him, then he put them in some sort of
painful predicament for the day, and went to work.

When he got home, they would be, if not prevented by him through
their morning bondage, waiting kneeling by the door. He sat in his
chair and relaxed while they prepared dinner, which always featured
girlmeat in some form.

After dinner, it was always torture. Some nights he tortured one,
some the other, some both. Sometimes he made them torture each
other.  Sometimes he ordered them to engage in various painful
contests. He always finished by fucking one or both of them, and
then went to sleep surrounded by girls.

Weekends were similar, save for no work, and consequently, more
torture.  He was astonished at how much torture these girls could
take, and without making a sound. Since he lived in an apartment,
well really it was a townhouse, he appreciated the fact that by
simply putting on some music with a strong beat, his neighbors
heard nothing to alarm them.




Chapter 08 -- Initiation

Finally the Saturday came. Ralph had been bugging the girls for
more information on what to expect, but to no avail. Marlene finally
told him, "Look, Master, we don't know. Only one girl gets to
attend, and she is always snuffed at the end. You'll just have to
wait and see what happens."

Once again, a limo was sent, this time for Ralph, Marlene, and
Carla. The driver was a girl unknown to any of them, which was
hardly surprising, as the Society used them up at a tremendous
rate.

The trip seemed much shorter to Ralph this time. Partly that was
because in fact it was, as the driver was not under orders to
randomise the trip like Marlene had done last month, and partly it
was simply because he was traveling in the company of two beautiful
slave girls, so he had more ways to pass the time than before.

Soon enough, they arrived at the Society building, and Ralph found
himself once again met by The Chairman, and again escorted to the
robing room. He was a bit surprised when he was given a white robe
to wear. He asked, "I thought members were red robes.  Why do I
have a white one?"

"Relax, Ralph, it will all become clear during the initiation
ceremony. Are you ready? Then let's go through." And with that,
The Chairman led Ralph into the meeting room.

It was different this time. For one thing, only the members in
their red and black robes were present. No girls at all.  The
Chairman led Ralph to the front of the hall, and turned him to face
the seated members.

Standing behind him, he said, "Gentlemen, tonight we take up the
most solemn duty of our Society, the initiation of a new member.
First, are all members present, that we may proceed?"

It was a ceremonial question, but therefore, simply had to be asked,
Ralph thought. After all, there was no point in having rituals and
ceremonies if you rushed through them.

A chorus of "Ayes" came from the audience. The Chairman looked
around until he was satisfied. Next he intoned, "Are there two
members who will speak for the candidate?"

Ralph was not surprised to see Jack and Marc stand and answer, "I
will speak for the candidate."

"Then come forward, and be heard," The Chairman said. Both men
approached the front, and stood behind Ralph. The Chairman turned
to Jack, and asked, "Brother Jack, being a member of the Society
in good standing, do you swear that you will bear true witness
tonight?"

"I swear it," Jack answered.

Turning to Marc, The Chairman repeated his question, and got an
identical response. Turning next to Ralph, he said, "Membership in
our Society is predicated on using women for our pleasures.  That
pleasure is taken in three ways: Through their service, through
their suffering, and through their sacrifice. Do you understand
and agree that this is right and proper?"

"I understand, and I agree."

"Very good. Brother Jack, you have seen the candidate take pleasure
through the service of a woman. Did he demonstrate the ethics of
the Society?"

"He did. He used the women solely and only for his sexual pleasure,
without regard for their interests, feelings, needs, or desires."

"Very good. Brother Marc, you have seen the candidate take pleasure
through the suffering of a woman. Did he demonstrate the ethics of
the Society?"

"He did. He tortured the women solely and only for his sexual
pleasure, without regard for their tears, screams, and cries."

"Very good. Brother Jack, you have seen the candidate take pleasure
through the sacrifice of a woman. Did he demonstrate the ethics of
the Society?"

"He did. He snuffed the women solely and only for his sexual
pleasure, without regard for their pleading, pain, or suffering."

"Very good. Ralph, you have been attested worthy by two members in
good standing. Are you ready to demonstrate your worthiness to all
the assembled brethren at this time?"

"I am." Ralph wondered what the demonstration would consist of. He
was soon to find out.

The Chairman turned to one of seated brothers, whose name Ralph
had forgotten, and said, "Bring forth the attestant." The brother
rose and returned, leading Marlene on a leash.

The Chairman turned back to the audience, and said, "Brothers, this
girl Marlene has been living as a slave of the candidate for the
last month. Now she will help him demonstrate his worthiness to be
a member." He motioned to the member, whose name was Charles, and
he lay her down on a waist-high table, handed the leash to The
Chairman, and resumed his seat.

"Ralph, show us the proper use of a woman for sex." Ralph looked
at the girl, and suddenly, knew what he needed to do. He walked to
her head, which dangled off one end of the table. Leaning over, he
began to choke her. When she was gasping for breath, with her mouth
wide open, he began to thrust his already hard cock into her mouth.
She wasn't giving head, but instead, he was mouth-fucking her.

Each time, he held his cock in her throat until she began to gasp
and squirm, then he would pull back, allowing her mere moments to
catch her breath before thrusting forward again. And again. And
again.

Finally, when he looked close to coming, he pulled out, walked
around the table to her ass, lifted her legs, and pushed his cock
into her asshole. She grunted, but knew better than to cry out over
such a small amount of pain. Even when she knew they were going to
snuff her later that evening, she was not anxious to hurry the
process along.

Ralph continued to ass-fuck her until he came. After shooting his
load up her ass, he took his cock back to her mouth and forced her
to lick it clean.

"Very good," The Chairman said. "Next, Ralph, you may use this box
of needles to show us the proper use of a woman for screams."

Ralph took the proffered box of needles, and began to pierce Marlene.
He started with her tits, and soon, both looked like pincushions.
She, however, remained almost stoically silent. He knew he was
going to have to do better if he was to pass his initiation.

He took one of the pins, and scraped it on the table to dull it a
bit, and then, with great care, he very slowly pushed it through
her clit. Her scream was immediate, prolonged, and gratifying.  He
repeated the process, pushing the second pin crosswise to the first.
And he did it again, and again.

Her screams were inhuman, now, animal-like. The Chairman looked at
Ralph and said, "Very good. Finally, Ralph, use this guillotine to
show us the proper use of a woman for snuff."

Ralph laid Marlene in the guillotine, face up, so she could see
the mouton descending. As he looked more closely, he noticed a
fiendish addition to the standard guillotine. Specifically, there
was a spot in the track where a peg could be inserted that would
stop the mouton from descending completely. Thus, the victim could
be made to experience the terror of her impending decapitation
repeatedly.

Ralph inserted a peg, without Marlene seeing, and stood to the
side, ready to trigger the guillotine. "Are you ready for me to
snuff you?" he asked.

"Yes, Master." When she answered, he triggered the release of the
mouton. Marlene screamed in fright. Then she looked surprised.

She asked, "Am I dead?"

"No, little one, not yet," Ralph answered. "When we trigger the
guillotine, we have a way to control when it takes your pretty
little head. You will not know which time the descending blade is
finally going to be allowed to fall all the way."

"Thank you, Master. Thank you for taking the extra effort to ensure
I suffer a bit more for you." With that, Ralph reset the guillotine,
and triggered it again. Again, the descent was halted early.

The Chairman looked at Ralph, and said, "Why don't you fuck her?
I will be glad to reset the blade for you, and trigger it for you."

"Good idea." Ralph walked over to the other end of the device, and
thrust himself into her wet cunt. She was in considerable pain, as
he had never bothered to remove the needles in her clit, and every
time he thrust into her, it caused her great pain.

Ralph suddenly understood the true reason for the ceremony. He
would be able to take please from her sex, her screams, and her
snuff, all at the same time. As he felt his orgasm building, he
nodded to The Chairman.

Just as he began to come, and she bucked her way through another
cunt-wrenching orgasm, The Chairman triggered the guillotine.
Marlene watched the blade descend, and knew that this time it would
not be kept from severing her head.

Sure enough, with a snick, followed by the thump of her head landing
in the waiting basket, the guillotine finished its deadly work. In
her death throes, she milked Ralph's cock like the finest
thousand-dollar whore. Ralph shot his load into her dying body,
and screamed his triumph to the onlookers.

The Chairman said, "Now there is one last thing you must do, to
complete your initiation. You must dye your robe in her blood. Then
and only then will you be a 'red robe' of the Society."

Ralph did so. All the members came up to him and offered their
congratulations. Jack told him, "Well done. Not all of our candidates
notice the peg in the guillotine, but those that do tend to be some
of our best members. Now, though, it is time to go pick your girls."

"What?"

"Well, the Society supplies girls to the members," Jack continued.
"Specifically, you get five snuffettes to take home with you each
month, one designated meat girl each month, one extra snuffette
for Society meetings, and three permanent slave girls. Now when we
say 'permanent' it doesn't mean you can't snuff them, merely that
you must swap them with one of your snuffettes. Your permanent
slave girls can be replaced once per year."

"Wow! That's incredible."

"Not at all. We feel that it is good for our members to be able to
snuff at least one girl a week. I myself, for example, spend my
Saturday nights torturing my girls, and as the sun rises, I like
to snuff one out. It's really a great way to end the week. And it's
good for your health, too. I used to have high blood pressure and
terrible ulcers from the stress at work before joining the Society.
Being able to torture a girl to death on a regular basis really
helps you keep it all in perspective."




Chapter 09 -- Ralph gets to host his first meeting

Ralph had been a member for about two years or so. He could no
longer remember the names of all the girls he had fucked, tortured,
snuffed, and eaten. He still had Marlene's head. The Society had
a taxidermist who stuffed and mounted the head of the attestant
for each new member. He had kept a steak from her, in the freezer,
which he ate on the one year anniversary of his initiation to the
Society.

His current slave girls, Candy, Mandy, and Sandy were triplets.
All short, busty brunettes who loved to fuck and suck anything with
a pulse. He enjoyed the jealous stares he got from other men, when
he took them out to dinner, especially because, while Society rules
did allow them to be dressed in public, they could only wear the
sheerest, shortest, tightest microdresses, with no underthings.

The Society butcher came around once a month with his deliveries
of girl meat and slave gruel. He actually lost some weight once he
began to live on a steady diet of girl meat. Apparently, it was
low fat, or perhaps the chemicals produced by an animal dying in
great pain were healthy. He didn't know. But he did enjoy going to
work, and sitting in the lunch room eating his "roast beef" sandwich.
If they only knew, he often thought to himself.

In short, life was good. One day, The Chairman called him. "You've
been a member in good standing for over two years. Would you like
to host a meeting?"

"Well, I guess. How does it work?"

"Well, you would host the meeting after next, so you have about
six weeks to prepare. You can use as many girls as you need, though
four to eight is customary. You must provide two to four 'opening
acts', short exhibitions of torture that may, but are certainly
not required, to end in death. These should last in toto for about
an hour. Then there is the main event. This will involve the torture
of at least two girls, and will end with the death of at least
one."

"That's it?"

"Well, not quite. You see, there is a catch. After you host your
first meeting, the other members vote on how entertaining your
presentation was. If you receive a majority positive vote, with no
'no' votes by any black robes, you will become a black robe yourself.
If however, you fail to achieve a majority positive vote, or if
any of the black robes exercise their veto power, you will be asked
to leave the Society."

"That's harsh."

"True, and many of our members have realised they don't have the
imagination to become black robes, and are quite content to stay
red robes forever. But between you and me, I have seen you at work.
I think you are inventive enough to make the cut, but even though
I am your friend, know that if you slack off, or fail to do well,
I will vote to exclude you. Anyway, it is your choice, but I wanted
to make the offer. Tell you what, why don't you think it over, and
let me know this weekend."

Ralph asked the triplets about it that night. Mandy said, "Yes,
Master, I think you should do it. You are very clever, and quite
evil in your ideas. Remember when you gave me that hot wax enema?
That was quite excruciating, as you could tell from my screams."

Ralph remembered that. The video from that session was one of his
favourites. The triplets were so very beautiful when they were
screaming or sobbing hysterically. While he would certainly enjoy
snuffing them when the time came, he knew he would also miss them.

"And do you remember, Master," Candy added, "that time you literally
put my tits in a wringer?" Ralph smiled fondly at the evoked memory.
He had had Candy take two one inch wooden dowels and glue rows of
thumb tacks down them, like a pointy ear of corn. He had mounted
them in the wringer frame from an old-fashioned washing machine he
had found in a junk shop. Then he wrung out her tits, and in addition
to simply trying to squeeze them flat, which would have been painful
enough, the tacks broke the skin, again and again, so that they
were covered in blood. She cried and screamed like damned soul. It
was exquisite.

Sandy said nothing at that time, as she was busy sucking him off.
He looked at them all and announced, "You're right. I'll do it."

He called The Chairman straightaway and informed him of his decision.
"Excellent, my friend," The Chairman answered. "What and who do
you need?"

"Well, I will need four additional girls, and a bit of mechanical
help, building some of the mechanisms."

"Of course. But only four girls? Are you sure?"

"Well, I was planning to use the triplets for the main event. It
will be so much more entertaining with three identical girls."

"Ah. I didn't realise they were up for replacement."

"Well, they aren't, yet, but it just seemed like the right thing
to do."

"Of course, I understand. And don't worry, I will make sure that
they are replaced."

"Thanks."

And so Ralph worked on his preparations. He decided that the
triplets' suffering would be more piquant if he told them of his
plans for them that night. While they were afraid, they were also
delighted to know that their final suffering would be enjoyed not
just by their Master, but by all the members of the Society.

And so at last came the night. All the preparations were in place.
Ralph arrived early, as was fitting for the host. He ran into The
Chairman, who wished him luck. He was ready.

The time came to begin the meeting. The Chairman called the members
to order. "Gentlemen," he said, "tonight it is my privilege to
introduce, in his first foray into hosting a meeting, my friend
and yours, Brother Ralph. Ralph, it is your meeting."

"Thank you. Gentlemen, I have arranged a few entertainments for
you this evening that I hope you will find intriguing.  I'd like
to begin with a simple offering. Girls?"

With that, two girls, identical twins, came into the room.  Both
were tall, about five-ten or so, well muscled, with long blonde
hair. The stepped up on to the stage beside Ralph, and knelt, facing
each other.

Ralph reached under the lectern and pulled out what appeared to be
simply a shiny, long, two-headed dildo, about as thick around as
a mans wrist. However, when he pressed a button in the middle, a
number of sharp half inch spikes shot out. That was fairly standard
and not that interesting. What was interesting was found at each
end of the dildo, where a pencil-thin, three inch long spike shot
out, and then the final inch folded back like a bizarre umbrella.

"I call it the ripper," Ralph explained. "The spikes on each end
are designed to penetrate the cervix, then anchor themselves in
the walls of the girl's uterus. Combined with the other spikes that
will embed themselves in the walls of their cunts, this will be
quite firmly seated within each of them. The object, then, will
quite simply be for one girl, using only her cunt, to tear the
ripper loose from the other girls cunt. If one girl retains clear
possession of the ripper in her cunt, and has ripped it free from
the other girl's cunt, she will be the winner. If neither girl
retains clear possession, both will be declared the losers. The
loser or losers will be left to bleed out, having their final
"period". The winner, if any, will have her wounds treated, and
live to serve another day."

With that, he got the two girls to lay back on their heels,
cunt-to-cunt. He worked the (now reset) dildo up into both of them.
He encouraged them to get closer to each other, pointing out that
the more deeply seated the dildo was, the better their chance of
surviving. When the girls cunt lips were almost touching, Ralph
pushed the button.

All the watchers heard was a quiet "snick". However, both twins
immediately went rigid. Clearly the ripper was quite painful.  The
girls immediately began to struggle. The fought back and forth,
when suddenly, one twin began to push against the floor with her
hand.

"Stop!" Ralph ordered. He then ordered both girls to be flipped
simultaneously on their bellies, and hogtied them. "I said, using
only your cunts. Begin again!" Restricted now only to flopping
their bodies, the girls resumed their struggle. It was clearly
quite difficult, as neither could gain any real leverage.

After watching them struggle to no avail, Ralph ordered that the
right leg of each girl be freed, that she might kick at her opponent.
Now at last it got interesting. At first, the girls simply flailed
aimlessly, trying to do who knew what. Finally they got the idea
of rolling over onto their backs, where they could use their legs
to their full advantage.

As they did, they both planted their freed leg against the still
bound knee of the other, and pushed. With a messy plop, and
accompanied by some excellent screams, each girl tore the dildo
free from the other. "Both losers," Ralph observed.

Leaving them to bleed out, as promised, Ralph motioned to some
slavegirls waiting backstage. At his gesture, they wheeled out a
large frame, with two girls standing on their tiptoes, mounted on
dildoes, facing each other. Once again, the girls were twins, in
this case, busty redheads of about average height.

"Continuing the theme of mutual torment, I would like to present
my next piece. I call it the steed. As you can see, each girl is
mounted on two dildoes, and is standing on her tiptoes. You may
also have noticed that under each heel there is a switch.  What
you can't see is that inside each girls cunt and ass are not just
dildoes but electrodes. However, the electricity is not simply
activated when her heel pushes the switch. That would be too mundane.
Instead, so long as she can stay on her toes, her twin will be
shocked. If she ever lowers her heels, three things will happen.
One, her twin will get a brief respite from the current, and two,
the level of current she is receiving will continue to increase,
as long as her heels are down.  Finally, she will be shocked, and
while her twin is getting her respite, she will get double current.
The exhibition will continue until one or both girls are electrocuted."

He walked over to the large breaker switch, similar to the ones
often seen in movies to trigger electric chairs, and flipped it.
Both girls stiffened immediately. For about the first five minutes,
both girls won their struggle to remain on their tiptoes. Finally,
however, one of them weakened, and lowered her heels. Immediately,
her twin slumped like a marionette whose wires had been cut, while
the first let out a shriek, as she received a double helping of
electric shocks. After thirty seconds, her twin's respite ended,
and she went back to only a single dose. That gave her enough of
a break to lift herself off her heels once again.

Soon, of course, the other twin weakened, and the cycle was repeated.
They began to shriek, not even screams, really, just animal howls
of anguish. At first they struggled gamely on, each thinking she
might survive this vicious little game. However, the onlookers soon
realised the fiendish brilliance of the design, for the current
was steadily increasing, which made it more and more unlikely that
either girl would be able to retain her position on her tiptoes.
It was inevitable. Both twins were going to be electrocuted.

It was clear that both of the girls had realised it, too, but both
continued to shriek and howl, struggling to avoid that fate. The
members were greatly entertained with their suffering, and a pool
had arisen on which girl would expire first, and after how much
time had elapsed.

After about twenty-one minutes of agony, one of the two redheaded
twins slumped for the last time. She howled, but could not raise
herself up off the heel switches. The current began to increase,
and soon the smell of cooked girlmeat filled the air. Bets were
collected, and the members waited to see how long it would be until
the other twin gave out. She lasted only an additional two minutes,
but her final screams were quite entertaining.

The members found the program quite entertaining, and several
approached Ralph to see about borrowing one or both of his fiendish
devices, soon.

Everyone realised that the opening acts had taken about an hour
and that it was therefore time for the main event. When the members
had largely settled down, Ralph stepped to front of the stage yet
again. He said, "Hopefully you have enjoyed the little warm-ups I
have staged for you, but now I want to present something I you will
find really special and entertaining."

"Assisting me tonight will be my three lovely slavegirls, Candy,
Mandy, and Sandy. They are going to help me demonstrate three new
and hopefully excruciatingly painful ways to terminate a girl.
The lovely Candy will show us 'death by acid enema'. Basically, I
will give her an enema that originally consists of pure water with
a pH of 7, perfectly neutral. Well, aside from the capsaicin in
it.  For those who don't know, capsaicin is the chemical that makes
hot peppers hot. There is a pump attached to constantly circulate
the enema mixture through her bowels and back into the machine.
Gradually, I will add more and more acid to the mix, until she
dissolves from the inside. It should be quite exquisitely painful."

"Mandy will demonstrate a technique I call 'electrocution from the
inside'. Several days ago, a rope was fed down her digestive tract,
and allowed to flow all the way through. Attached to the rope was
a hunk of braided copper wire, which now runs through her body
completely, starting at her mouth, and coming out her asshole. I
will insert a grounding connector into her cunt, and then will
apply electricity to it. I will gradually increase the level until
she dies."

"I am really proud of my third invention. Sandy will demonstrate
'death by microwave'. I have built a special microwave that can
hold a girl entirely contained within. Her hands and feet are tied
to connectors at either end, which will rotate, allowing her to
cook evenly. Now as you know, microwave ovens cook food by heating
all the water molecules within it. And you should also remember
that humans are something like 98% water, or some such. So we are
going to very slowly heat all the water molecules within Sandy's
body until she is cooked."

"It will be interesting to see which takes the longest to kill a
girl, and which is the most excruciatingly painful. So, gentlemen,
make yourselves comfortable, and enjoy the entertainment." With
that, he motioned to some slavegirls waiting in the wings, who
wheeled out the three girls.

First was Candy. She was bent over a standard whipping bench, but
was tied down. An enema hose was stuck in her ass. Looking closer,
it could be seen that the hose was really two hoses, one to pump
it in, and one to recirculate it back. The onlookers could already
see tears running down her pretty face, and wondered why, until
they remembered the capsaicin in the initial solution.

Next was Mandy, strapped into a bondage chair, with a wire sticking
out of her mouth, and another, no, wait a minute, the same wire
sticking out of her asshole. A shiny metal dildo was in her cunt,
and was connected to the electrocution machine off to the side.

Last was Sandy, stretched out like a roaster from a Society barbecue
but without the spit. The members realised that of course she could
not be spitted, as the metal would cause problems in the microwave.
She was encased in a long microwave, the front of which was that
translucent glass they use, with the grid embedded in it, that lets
the onlookers see in without letting the microwaves out. They could
her her whimpering softly, and realised that Ralph must have included
a microphone within the container, so they could fully hear her
agony.

Ralph walked over to Candy, and flipped the switch that began the
program of increasing the acidity of the enema mixture. He next
turned on the electrocution machine, beginning its slow program to
electrocute Mandy. Finally, he pressed start on the microwave, so
that Sandy would cook for their entertainment.

At first, nothing much appeared to be happening. While Mandy went
a bit rigid as a side effect of the alternating current spasming
her muscles, and Sandy began to spin on the rotisserie, there was
no sudden screaming or anything. The members settled back for what
promised to be a prolonged evening's entertainment.

Candy was the first to scream, as the level of acid got high enough
to begin gradually dissolving the first layers of her intestines,
exposing the nerves to the capsaicin in the solution. For a few
minutes, she screamed alone.

Next to join her was Sandy, as she began to heat from within. She
could be heard sobbing and crying, "It burns, it's so hot, please
Master, please." But of course, her pleas fell on deaf ears. The
members had come to see her suffer for them, and the worse she
suffered, the more it would please them.

Finally, Mandy added her shrieks to the chorus. She howled like a
demon, and made up for her later start with the loudest screams of
the three. And so it continued, for ten minutes, then twenty.
Still the girls continued to scream and suffer.

At thirty minutes, the members could see that the enema solution
recirculating through Candy's bowels was heavily tinged red with
her blood. Steam was coming out of Sandy's mouth, and smoke from
both ends of Mandy. The end would not be much longer in coming.

And indeed, in another few minutes, Mandy let out a final shriek
of inhuman agony, and died. Everyone could smell cooked girlmeat
and wondered if she was edible. They all hoped so.

Next to expire was Candy. Her screams rose to a crescendo, and
suddenly, the enema mixture began running out a hole it had eaten
in her belly. The machine sensed the loss of pressure and automatically
shut off, leaving the remaining acid to complete the destruction
of Candy. And while she screamed for another minute or so, it was
clear that her time was about up.

Finally, after several long minutes, Sandy began to howl and plead,
"Oh please, Master, please, oh, it's so hot, I am burning up,
please." Of course, it was far too late for her. She screamed and
cooked and soon, she died.

After her death, there was a long silence from the crowd, which
was suddenly broken by applause. One by one, the members took up
the clapping, and then one, then another, and soon all were standing
and applauding. Ralph received a standing ovation for his virtuoso
demonstration of the fine arts of female torture and snuff.

The Chairman looked at the audience, and, sensing its mood, asked,
"Are there any here who believe we need to have a secret ballot on
Ralph's worthiness to become a senior member of the Society? Or
shall we take this ovation as approval of his performance tonight?"

And so Ralph became a black robe of the S^3 Society. As a black
robe he was now entitled to seven personal slavegirls, eight
snuffettes a month, and two meatgirls each month. He had made it
to the big time.  Life just couldn't get any better.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Chairman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





